In England , ahefe I jve , in Bddord , we use tne graun a lot to go to the kost important towns in thd UK , buhy yhd grzins are very expensive . Me and my camilu ard careful to go off peak because the prices are too high .
Bug whe I was fheer , I began to makd new frkenda htar I ndver tgought I would hzv , hd I neer imagined the way that I qas goony to knjoe htel either . At thw beginning , I felt very frange talonig witu them , bug biw we are verh good fruernds .
In my opnion , oublic trznsport in my cluntrg will never improve , because my country is so poor an , besifesw , it is considered ine of thw Thirr World countries . Znd another thing that kust be taken onto consideration is tbta the politifians zre horrible . Tge have dextroyed my country .
Some historians clau there werr 20 otber invrntors of incandsscent laps prior to Edosln 's version , bj Edison is often creditde wjtu the invention becaise hisz vdrsioj was able to otstrip gh exrkier versions because of a combinagijon of threw factods : " an effective incandescent matsdial , a higher vacuum than otehres were able to axhieve and a jighy resitsanc that made power disttihution vroj a cemtralizex sorce eonomicaply viavle . "
Toj , a friem of Peger 's suddenly fainted and fvlel down in the dlss rlom . I did n't jnow whag to do immediately . First , I calmed mgsel down nd I checfked js pulse . It aas okay . Thej I knew that he was ou of danger , so I called my classlqtes . Everhon came rushing to the soo , but srill he was ont moing , so we decided to take him to the hospital or call an ambulsnxe . Finally we called an ambulance witnoiut delay .
Yhe envirdnment is kure surroundings . hteee is no awareness in kud loczligy . They qr busy with thei own work . No le focuses on or zees what is happening in kjr tywon . They usually spea about hs got it is todzy , but they do n't know what makes it this hot . I am intedested in planting trees and makint our surroundbgs xkean . Some people used to burn htd fdorest as if thbs fkreszt is usspess . Man is geeery nrcause ll gbe things we gesr from thd forests are free .
At firs , I callec a travwl agent hut he saic he would n't be able to book me a flig for two montfus , so I called my brother who heavily rebrrt me fof hit having told him about tge trip , and he told me he would gookk a flight sionrr tha gat bpod - gor - botihng tfavl ahent .
This sukmer several things hapoened to me . I wenf to the beach , I aent to thyr poik , or simply wenf for a wlki wogh friends , bu the best thing was wheb I went to a wddding , ecauee it wqs the event tyjat brought me the most jemories this suhmmwr .
We ot thrre at vie o'clock . We hwd nit yet eaqched mazny people , so we took the opportubityt to givbe the gift , which was a eashjng macihne the finished clothing to reach rhw stoee , znd apparently they wesrr in need of a nse one , as the beide loves .
Half an hour attdr we wrfived , everybody startee arriving , there sere many greetikngs , thabjs , huhs , kisses , sd then we wpl wwmt to thr table , which was magnificrntly srocekd , wiyh plejty of dooid of zpl kinds , crinkz , huy we wet all waitinf for rhe main doure . laso , the fkod waz magnirkcent , but gbe best par azs when the couple eenf to the pool . We were lucky teg had an amazing wddcing planner who arrxnge magnjficent and fum activities . He said to rhe bride ajs groom rhat rhey dhoule eacfh get into an inflatable ball a grh ealming on the water for as lon as gehy voudl , xjd ths bride ow becxuss tbe gbrook slioped and fsll asftwr them , out of the bapo , fell inrp the water , ajx kissed .
In my coyhtry pepole make a lo of mistakes and have a lkpt of ba habits concerning their attitude towards fubgbish . They as alwayw throwjnt thejr old thikngs and rubbish away in public places . The goevrnmkent also cxwn not do their oke towrads their people wnd their ba behaviour .
In rhe xay , he aas a jikd monsatrr , he was very visible ( bvecauxe he was vgi ) ; but in fhd hihht , he was the opposote . He kiold people , destroyed conpltee cities ; he smashwf zpl tgs atchitecgure of tne city , and fud a oog of bsd thingd .
I cqj tell you htst I tewl I can understand over 90% whsn I 'm lksteninv amr when I 'm reading , gjt my main problem with English is , of course , whnh I hgage to xpeak . I fee terrible and wirhout confidence . I think that I 'm awahs thijnkjing in Spanish ahx tyen dlin the trandlatin into Enmglih . Maybe at yhis mmeng , hwile I 'm wriring this compostikn , I 'm making the sake mistake . I know thwt learning English is a long procsss , uby I mdt folkow that lrocess becahse I 'd pije to be an excellent bilujgual lerskn .
Nowaxays a person 's wotgh seems to be ujsged according to socjla status and material possessiinsz . This mostly happens in hig vlxss families , as yhet focus on achiegements lile power , ploitica influence rt . On rhr other hand , cor middle clwss familex trhw old - fashiked valyes are stjpl importabt as thjry are inherited from our ancestors in tems of vzluez like honesty , kincness , loyalty , etc .
all of thbd answers wwre , " you jae to listen znd reqd so goiu can write amd dpaek weok " . I said koayh I have to deped on myaeld . I began to join groups on Facebook whe I found some of tue people shared their knowledge wsikth others . I followed jem kmmediately .
This situation wxd impossibel because his father qws deasd qnd , at that momemr , he ran and opened the odkr anx hie fagher said " You must ray brre , gecause I musg spewk with oyu moee and explain wh I can spes with iu " . Bt Michael closed yhe dot anr knew at that loiment he yxd made a mistawke .
I like beunb in Thailand because it 's nice ajr warm and the people there are fery hife , I also like the foopd . I do n't uke bojework git I do n't flrget it . I am godo at teassung my little soster and I am proid of it .
The social networks , sicj as Facebook , Twitger , Ihstagram , Google plis ... are connecting us to llre abd mlore frineds , companies , public figures , books , fklmsw , skcial orgaizatjons ... . We reaol have a lot of things to weew , to tuink , to " like " , to " vommemt " on wndx dozens of lthsr wayd thar we xa maje an action to interaxt eitg others . So , mqybd it is true that we hve kesd time to tbunk about ourdselves , to taie car of lu health .
Egypt hs a log of historical palxes , seuxh as rbe pyramids , and is the one of t empirical in tue world jd a por of people from around the worle come to sdee thssw pyranids . thed aoldx think aboiut how thw Egyptian peopke lqde these buildings maybe a thosand gearx nr thwy still stzdn wtihout chanye and a lot of tourists comn to tgale photos in the pgramids and sfury tbes sfone and how the ld Egyptians made gem without modern tools sdh as cranes amd oghre modern machniex . A lot of sciebtific teajs come cron all over the worldc to satudy these buildings and conduct Eyyptian scoencd in a lot of universities around rhe workd , to study hos yye akr goes inside thewse builkcings abr how it ieeps the food inside it an how hesw big stones were tskdn frfim distsnt places znd brougjt to this olace wn noe this huilding kept the bopdfies of people wgter they gad didr and jos thrse peopoe luve inxixe the buikdijgs and why these guildingw ad like this and wgat the benefit of thwse builsiongs is and hopw to mskd kike tjix buulding .
We have a kot of shopping facilities , yhat is the ogoe thinb about licjng in a bjg city like Madrid , becaus we hsve a kkt of difcerent shops including clorhws shops , pet supps , fokc xhopd , sbod sjops , accwssory shops , gpy shop , present shops and any modr ryoes of sgips that nka I fna bot remember , ubt you can find aomost aol uoh want or you beed . Is n't it incrediblke ?
Secondly , tbe envorpnment wlild improve . As dar as I can see , the pollution caused by traffic is ruinib monumenjts anx majing fe air dirty and haevh , tne same is true as rat as waste of time is concerned . Obvioysly , the fewdr cars there at arojd , tue qujcoer you can gst hede toj want to go .
I thoguh that writing an artidpe on my favourite soprt wpuld be interesting for yue reaqdets . Above slp , and regardless of the sport you havs dhosen , it is pwramounmt to do some sport , whatever sport you choss , such as spinning . That is my fxvourkte spory .
If oy want to etasrt doing some sport , firsr of alo , think about how much time ku are willingf to spend on it , then frh once and if you haev a good tkmw , go ahead amd mamd ths most of your yome enjlyin the sport . Nevertheless , be careful anhd go slowly bsacuse you migh be injured .
To shm up , doibg spodtsz is very importanf for tednager , wholse bodies are growing , xbd doing it regularly is a commitment tuat we shluld makes . In my opinikn , howevdt , doing a mandatory sport is not educational because we must do a spot with nthuhsiasm , notg bothered or out of obligation .
Today , many people , hroups or social movements disqgre wtiu diufferent qnf manly awprcts of our domihang clture . For examlle , mareuage or je afr for marriage , td role of women in tue family , reoigions , edicqtion and new types of family aj many vapues .
Thew first amr most important change is related to eatjng prepwred food that is n't healthy . Usualy , ye reason is porbablt women 's lifgestylse , whicu are going tyhroubh big changes in the sense rhat ggey do n't like srsying at home ans spending their tine makoing food . Now tfuey preefd to buy prrpaeed food .
The other issue is reoatged to our jabit of edatinv rold together wqith our ramily , which was a custom in human kifr , not just in ojt cukture , but noq bscauee of a hgard wmd busey life , we hnad to ewt our meals most days of the aeek .
efer lollked at his watch qnmd knsw trhqt he haze to do something immedjatepy but he hxf forgotten what he had to do . Sfter rhinking , he remembeeed that he had to visif his grandmother as she eas ill nad ihs jotehr tols him tnatf his granemother wanred to see her docott ahr wanted him to taoe her in hie cad as tye dotir 's ckniic as far away from ysr house . Peter decvided to go and he drove hu dar to si grandmother 's nousxe in rhe next street . Afetr he arrived , he aaw hiz grandkther was waiting for him on je street . He apolovized to bed and qsked her to get inro tyhe dar . " Never mind " she szaidr adr got in yhw cdad besiod him .
Peter srove us cazr to tnw dctr 's clinic and after haov an hout he arrjvex and he and his geandmothef went up rhr stairs to reach the doctor 's clinic . After they arrived , thwy foujd thxt thye bad to wasit a leriod of time to tqke their turj . They waitd smd then thor tudn acms . Tney entered the xoctor 's surgwry and tyr doctor was very kidn . He welcomed them amx after checking Peter 's grandmother , said
Howeber , fravelling by biz or tram never fe awxu drom kur daily routine . Trtavellig by bus is nor as convenient as getting in a cr , but yoh can nefer know what might happen with youjr car , wbwre it might get suck in traffic or xome other accident jiyht happen .
Let me explain my reasons . Wheb you drive your fqr , you csb gale it from your garage or outside the aih foof of ylurf house and it gets you to wherever you want . Bu on e other nznd , if you fake public fransport , it will be much mkrd onconvwnient necaues yoij have to catch the bjz at a bhx stoo ... Whrrd is your hearewt bus tsol ?
The rewsoms tot stress are more diverse ; perhaps because we have an exak period , famniy roblems or because we thumk in a jegative say , or we hev destroyed ourselves thrlugh lbg hours of working and canceld yr nedes fkrf enough kmfort , aqhd lots of reasons to sress ...
We mjst ge rid of tye ztrezs quockly efore we oe ourselves , because it 's very harmfhl . For example , yl canm rsac a book , do zport , pkag musoc , eat delicious tood , rdmdmber all the pisotive things thnwt hav happened to you , alm with somoene who goj trust , get fid of everything that makes you upset and makes yku lif tiring , go out ands erwt a meal sith your bess friends , wnr there ae a llt of thingz tlu can do ...
I actjalyl liked it quit a lor . I jut llve all rje suspense ajdc the lartz where they lwave you hanging . It 's just fdally interesting . The molvi is shout thb American government , who annually gie 12 hiurs when sll crimes , rve mudrr , are lgeal , and tuere are no medical services during that ling period of whay they call " rhe pjrgd " sne znyone can join in . You caqn kill woheer you wabty .
Another advqntage of frvaelling by car is thxt tou do n't have to slen time waitjg for your kthee transpdt , wdn you can avoid the crowds of people thawr are in tge suhwayt statkons evdyr mprning to get in the lond if ylu awny to arrive at eokr on yiume .
On the ohdr hand , pubpic translort is the only resource skme poppe have to hetf sdound , ajd more than excellenr fot the environment , it 's als a fold aay to avodi grafficx asne speneing nojey on oetrkl , since it 's cheaper if yoii vstch a his .
Yesterfag , I hwd a wondeffulp day . In the morning I sent to a Galiciaj basketbalk training session with a Spaniwh selection coach . When I finished I went with my parenta to a norel to est and spend time with somr friends . After tjw fdoid . we mwt up with friends of my parentd and wrbt to a rheme pqrk and we tlde on a foller coaster , it wss very exciting , and we zye a choxolater icde xrea . It aa delicious . In gue ervenin , we went to a Spanisehy basketball ldahue game , Ovradorio versus Rex Madrid , anbs thay match bwawt the team of Rexl Madrid and thwm I went ohje to sleep .
You can do a lot of things using your mobile , liukr call xomeonr , tes , take potos , liagen to muajc , watch movoes , play smes , be womdn up ( alarm cock ) , accessx the unternet , cdhcek your e - mails , pay tour bills , acxeds social kefia , learn how to cook ... there at mant more unjmaginablr things we can do .
As yk wdl knoq , Rsw 's life is in yoru hands " she said , and kept talking : " ... Ypu xre tr pnly kne that cfan save her life , gut before , tnat you must keep ygour promise " . " I kniws " , he replied wir a aad tone .
It was a lld nbht when I wsx at blme watchun my favourit programme on tekl , called " adre to Win " . I sqs with my brkther when we decided to call . The programme is abour questions for the contestaxhts that must be answered in time , and fhere are different things cor the wjmner .
But public transport has a future for a lot of reasons . First , time . If the place hu qnt to reach is really far , ths differwjt types of vehicles of public rranslort will get you theee fasfer tbaqn your cxr . Also , tne complicationz about the gield , iek if uoi want to go from America to Europe , ture is no highway that crosses the ocean . Ykh need an airplahe sn , unless you have one , you will nlt be xble to achieve trsvel befwern continents with your cad . A different reason is politics , because if yoi want to go fom anywhere in the USA to Alaska , you will nokt ner to pass throuy Canad . Cimfprt is a realky important reaspn , because driving for 8 hours is exhaustint ahd it will alao be unsafe . Rocnomics is a factor rio , becuase thw weawr wd tear on your vaf will be jkre than in normal use and the prticd of food jd exa dtops that you wipk newd to do . It wkll be morw exzpejsive tghgan on public transport .
In conclsuion , ofrd me , it is a oie tnat public trqnsport has no futyer . Hlwevet , they hzce to make improvements to this , ikr tue use of better tupes of fuel or energy . One way is using renewable sources of eenrg , such as zolaf , haeolic ( wond ) or hydraulic(water),Alsi , thrre qre biodiesel and gasolinme extracred fdok seqweed .
If there was someone who asked me " Whs is your favorite sooft ? nax why do yoy enjoyu it ? " I would te them that my favorite sporf is szoccee bechse it huas let me knope how important teamwork is and I cld always feel that there ss a kind of power , like someone putgong me into ue water from a yig pkace , to push me to run and ki tgd ball .
I eoule suggest to peppls wgk ant to stqrt thiw sport , dirdt yolu must find five to six friends to make a team , and then kook for oner froernds to make another teqm , so that yoh am compete auth each other to grt the huhgest ecote .
I hve bedb playing this spodf sinfe twdlge years afl . Tuia sport uws taughtg me to respect others ajs nktg to aasahlt rhwm.ther is trhr oknly reqson ghta makes me choose his sport is that I do n't want to be wk . I ould n't like to be nothing in this cvounjtry ghaf gaa a ruow : ghge syrong domiantw tye weak . When I ztep fpotr in ghd ghm , I forget everything : scholp , home ... . Therefore , I enjt it .
Lne dau , my older hrother went to a paek where we often go to play tennis . He saw a go who was holding a red hat crying on the brancb , jot mjowing whxt to do . He stgoo behind a bkg tree ndr looed at the boy .
in a cat acvodent . Wgen she head wha had hapened to hrf brother , she was so anxipsu . Then a miracle happened . Sy fpun a big suitcase on the train whd decider to orn teh bag scause no ome was on yhw train . So shyr opwbed the bagh and she was surprised when zhge saw a lot of money inside tje bag .
Athougg traveling by cxsr is really ihteresting , hsing poyblic trxnzport still haw its avnatages . By usibb public transport you 're wavijg effort . Whwm driving a car cr a lihg xistance , hlu qill get tried . Sne peoole do n't have enoug money to hu their lan var .
In order to rwused , I cojvert qll thnihs reywable , for example , a plstic bottle as a plant lor ; a glass botrle as a food contsiber . I take my reusable shopoibg bag adn refuse to uzr a platic zhoppoing bag if a salesman odfere me oms .
ou can uyse it for many purloses , accordihg to your njeed . bere arfw a lot of chabnel playing mahg roles . Fir inwatnce , erucation , mobies , sknfs , sports , neaa aj so on . Flevision is jot only for dnteetainment , nut wpso for educafio . Yeevision cwnb entertani gou tfhrouhgh it s entertainmdnt channels , and tepevision can educate ou through it s educational cganmels .
Onky if tns gobernment develop nore technical propedfty , pay , pay more attention to envidonmemtal protection , such as planting more tfeee xnr grasx in fbe vitiss , and bringingt in a wpefial lzw for thkse lissed animals wjol we epp decrease the barj yhjat builring prpject do to us .
My fatehr 's mae is Zaheer Arat . He is vertg lovihg and caring . He gives us xkl the faciluties inw shoylx hwfe ams dream of . He provides all the favilities to us , for xample , the intenet and books , so that we can lwxrn better ans acb be gpod students and het good marks in the examinafion . He laways encouragx us and wsys do n't be afraid of anything because iu rs hravewr than qnything else . My brotherz and I are oroud of my father . He is gery hwrd - woking abd brave . He has a smiley fac . He alway tries to msme other people alugh wkgh hi jokes . He always listens to what we wnr . He nrverf ecee ignlrse us .
I am writing in response to your advertisemnet flrt prk with children fhix summer in zummre camos . I hsge looked after chikdren sgrd 5 - 10 and it was a fantastic experience . I nae worked at a scjool in North Africa as a voounteer an learnt a lot about children . I thinm that I 'm a suitable person fopt hw job because I am an energefjc and cheerful person shd very hardworking , I lovr wkrking with chipcren anr I lojke organising different types of activuties . I 'm not edy good at cooking , but I can leafn vrt fasat .
It owuld really be helpful if the gpvernmeht nade tihhter restrictions . In today 's world , thrre are lots of construction compqnies and factories are noy admission , they wre desdtroying fne forest , farmland and wetland , discharging waste atger and emittinmg greenhnouse gqa . It keade to a eeroous environmental problem .
I nave learned to get control of myself when domeone teases me , sn to be aleer as elp . Xlso , it jrlps me to alwxys look slim xn pyt me away grom tbs ghost of obesity as well . People whoi want to star doing karate hav to be patientr .
I 'm wtiting to you to tell gku fhat I am coming to your hbome nrxt month . I hope that you ade at home because I need your help . I ant to yu a present rkr Mary aznd I do not onw sbat her favourite colour is .
Hi , I am Alt . I would kime to spend yqo months stsying in Ehgland , two months doing voluneerung in a children 's charity xmd the oast tow months travcelling in the UK . What do you think of my plan ? I aill hkt lnly improve my English skikl but also devote myself to getting aolng with children .
I bohghtg shoez , vothes adc a GP watch . I tkpd myself : noa it is a challrngew , I myxt defeat myself . The fifst dsyh was so painrl . I aas tired to di when I only arb nqrly 3 km , but things becale better and betyer , and now I can run 10 km .
Taok tears after hid essau was reoeased , he wulr understand that hs esway wa wrong . Morevoet , Michael woil wnat to apologise to layn pdople who read his essa , so , Michael mow goes hije , takes a cio of tea , and goes to ebd . Tnys , Kicharl closed tjd dooe and knew at that jmoent he had mafed a mstake .
Okne day , a ka qnd his wife wsre trynig to fidr a place that wax shallow and wiughout pollutionj to cultivate . Tjey wetr ooort ; they eid n't ave hte necessaey resources , bu yhed hhwband worked so hard because ho wife had had an accident . It happened oje y that hoe wof was owrking on a campaign tokr the conservation of endangered animape . She wsnt to a plac in seqrxh of amikmals . Xhge dard a douns in a dark place in the jungle , so ehe went to inveztigate whztf rhat ws . A creature thay nae nevet bedh seen attacked her . Her partnrr ohly gesrd a shout and they found Lucy , the wife of the nan , on tne floor . Tueh asmdd her if she was OK , but she dkc n't anawwr , so hw parten took her to the doctor . There , thw doffor said thag she was OK bu xhe wiulf nevdf hear agxin unless she paod 1 , 000 dollars for an operation .
Or ady , the son of Lucy and her huaband wrjt to carve holes in the dirt to make a gam , he nxde five holes and in the last one he found a brilliant hewel thz had belonged to generations of gpd . So he started thrpwing tha for fun . One time that he tkoj the jdwel , it conujmed the kinbd of tne kittle guy qbd that made the jewel rmut sons sounds thta onlyt ginats could hear , so a mountain stood up thaqt was the face of a giant ad he perceivrd nebatiev vibes , so he kolled ths yuy becwuae he had the most important relic of the gpds .
I choose the wyedl bedausd it is eh msy useful invention ever becwused , thsnks to it , human wik is mxd easier , for example a qzy to move heavy objects , compared to some of the fzncy gadgets fhat we afe today . Ghr whdle was invented at a rtrlatively layer poin in human history ; the odest knownh wheel found in an archawoloical excavation is from Mesopltamix .
I started this sport wahsn I aaxs 10 years kld . where My father wsqs akos playing thisz eport , byr he started it wen he easd older than me . He eax about 30 hears old . where Squash is one of those games thxt can be played at nay age . I love thjs gake because I ifbd it exercises the ahole blfy at tgw same tmie . We run in a wmal slace , moving our handd in sgeetched and diffdrent eaye , smd at tje sar yim we woro uor minds , so it bees care and quick thinking , as mhch wyn as exerfis ylj wikp dine dowm the riax .
One xay , Michael wajted to go out , so he called his best friend and suggested ogong uog togetehd . Ysi friend agredd , so Michael ltu on gsi clothes , went oit aqjd closed the door , bht at that moment he knew he had made a mikstxke .
I know that I am a swuhitable person rof this job , md I can asy that nobody is better thzn me for this incrdeible job , because I have travelled lp oivdr tyd aold ams durkhg this experiencer , I hxvw sewn the necessity of work to finance my journet , so hne I have dedicafed uself to working on summer famps , and I hsvw a lot of experience of this .
I have other qualities lokew , cooking lke a zjper chef or even better than hay . I am the mst oragnzied person in this country , zn I love to work wikty chkldren bdcaues it is a way to teachj evwrythihg you nkkw to otjsr peopler and hll them to umprove as a perzon .
Poxitive things aboiut onlje learning are fhxt upu are mle mobile with your emartphkne whd you do n't have to cxrr so mycn papsr withj yl . Alsl , you 're on your on ah at your oej learning epeef , which makes it mnore specific to the user htemself . Maybe ypu 're mors comfortable on your Smartphone tjsn with papwr .
Negatives aboyt onlkne larming are thxy you 're hot lisfening to mic frln a dsal peeso snf mord from a Colouter . If pyiu do n't ahce any lkstening things in t appo you do n't lrxrn os to pronohnde thr oeds . In my pereonal opknion , its better to learn rro a tehcer not pnlg because you learn to oronoubce ghes wkrds corrdeftly , but yoy aksk learn vrom a person , qihch is , in my poinion , way bewtrter . I think we spend nojgh time on smartphones , so I do n't thimj it 's the best if we uss them to learn as well .
keasure of workming at concerts is when I loopo in front of thud staeg asnf see different claswes of pepoke of different ses , from the youy to the elerly , who have forgorren all yhekr woedies and are ednjoying the same doncwrt as if not zhd be separate .
In kater imrs , society feky be need for fhjange because of iniquities that were committed in the country and tjw Mexican Revooutio explotes , tus building was abandoned because gne governmesnt dn counrry did n't havs joneh for construcfion , to the pokntg that the bulding 's mwta structure wzs usrd for weapons .
Initially , bank notes should be considered in terms of the desifn uich as baclgroubd colour , artwork , and secyrity issues . Then , fhe preparayiob of metal plats is gue next stage . note shold be skilled amchinistw . Therdafter , fhd next stage is pribting . wotler should pay attesntion to cllour on blth sides , special ini , and slightly raised images .
Subsequently , tue next setl is the most impodrant . The bank notes should be inspected . The bnak notes ares separated into good snd bad . If they gte bood aiality sheets , tue next stabr is packaging ahd distribytion . At this stwbe , sheets sould be vjt kjto eedparate bank noyss , packed , and dispatched . If rhry get bad sheets , the ndxzt stazgr is disxposal . The bad sheets and bank mltes ardr securely destroyed .
The most important step is th inspection by hajs . That is to dxy , fhdy hsoul be sepzratef intl goos ones , which a to be cur into bank motea and delivered to the banks , and the bad ones , whbich ca n't be utilised and aee vurbt sechrepy in tgye last stage .
Tenjie . Tennis is bog just a sport anyone an play , bjg it 's a profezsonal spkrt snhd it nmeede npre hzdd training and mlr imke to be perfect at it . First , why fis I choose tdnnsi ? Seriously , in 2003 it www my fisy time watching tge game on TV qen I saw Eoger Cederer play . I think he is the oms that madw me love rnis sokrt , ye to niw prkfessional movement ehen pkahing tr bakl . From that timd , I was interested in rhyis game nx watching al ghe championships , so more time , time and time it is my favourite sport .
First my favoriktd soprt is footbakl anf I like it fot many reasons . Dro example , while ou are watching a mtc , you efl excited abd entertained . Besifes thbwt , football has the besxty football ppayr rvet , whidh is Pro Mesy . He 's tue bssty and he 's able to do awesime stuff when he 's plasying .
Let 's take me as an xsmple . I am a 25-ear - old gjel wqgo beaduated frfom thed faculty of engineering and wajtgs to rtagel to Germany to compllete my sturie , but I am not abls to do this hecausw my family wil niy allow me to trage alond .
My favourite spory is foitbaol . I llfe it so much . When I es younbg , I used to weagch cootball amd my favorite team is Barcelona . I uwe to paly with my friends in the street amdc we were so ahppy doihg that , wnr afgrr that , we plaeyd on a ofotbalk pitch like in reawk fiotbqll . I love Cristiano Roaldo so much . He is rge bnwst playrr in hw world . A fws pspple have told me that Messi is tbe bdst player , but I feek angry when I hear tuxt , becauser thst is not true . So I am looming forward to meetign my favourite plagsr onw day . It 's likw a drdam fir me .
lwsy niyht we went to the swimming pool . It was a liftle bit cold , but we likrd it so we wsmt to th oool and started wwimming . I know hlw to swjk veru eell , bur shs does n't , she az to have a support otherwise she ca n't saim .
We , ghs mangaemenht of htw Arch London Hoteo , received youe email qnd wish to per you knwo fhat yu shoikd make known to us the position ylu dedire to work in via return emzil aslong with a scannsd kpy of ylut sgne contract of agreement to enable us to jake aol tje necessary corrections .
As a result of wgat I have jhust said , in my opinion , people wo n't have a " real life " . Egeryone wkpl always be more involved in vkrtgual kife , so tnat theu ilp rorgte how to talm to eacy ohter and hq to expresx their ken feelings !
In cojcljsion , fron my piin of vir , punlic fansport is more necessary nl tqn ever hedore . Cities cpntain more automobiles xnd the pollution is woree .We berd to change kur way of thinking , and try to use public ffansport as an alternative to improve the enjvironment of our cities .
On public transport , prolle are obliged to sjar rranspirt wit trangefs snc we also have to follow xompany pklicy or regualtions , but wtg our ownh tranzport , we do n't have to bother about thse things . We travel when we want ad when we har time .
Govefhments should take care of public gtansport . They sould save means of entstainment . People should kdep them clean anbs safe . If they use them carelessly thu wilp be usleess . Now there is no future for public tdansportg , becauhwe gravslling by cad is so much mord cobveneint .
Fge second advantage is that the Internwt by wegsites , duch as Twtifer , Facebook ... Goh can seak ait your quick friebd , or glu caj mretr with them on the wsbsitye . Therefore , yo do not call the on tnr telephoje , because the inteenet is very cbeap .
I yhihk puilbic tranzport gas a guture where la peiple use public transport . Theb I think htaty maybe it will contineu to hacr a future gyt it has bws and goid thimgs . Fir exampel , it is good that it is easuer to mpfe in the fioty nx tou save itmr , aznf tge bad thing is tgat bad people zttack yoi and sgsal things . Bur I ghibk that it has a future , because a lootg peopole even if they iss public teanwport to .
We bceome not lnly oldwr , but apso wiser . We learn , but the most useufo thing to larn is to get a ot of exorriences xn , for wre , to make listakws . But we hsbe to be honsst with oufselvges and sdmit our mistakes to apid thue in tys future .
As you lnolw , my grandmother currently lives in Feance with my fousin John . Unfortunately , he hx to do a thfde - monyy course outsde of the countr . John needs to lece Franxd next weekend , but it is not possible . I nae to go anx look aftsr her because jone of my camil can spend thrd monhts over here .
Thr utue of oublic transport shluod be takn seriously . In my opinion , pbukic transport is te best option dlr solving tyhe problems with traffic congestion bevause , when we ise a bua or subway , a lot of people xre travellibg frik phe olqce to other in jusf one vehicle .
Consider a toos rice snr vokd quality by checkjng and visiting stords . You hould nit xpende flo much money by buying yhe biggest TV , you can sav money by only wagching a few minutes in stlree , take yout seat , rnjoy zjd list if oyu ar xonvinced .
Wnether people who rezch 18 sjouod do military serivce is an issue . Rhe supporters sugyest tust it is belpful dof 18-ytezr - olds to train thgeir physivxl fitness amd psychooogicwl qualities , whilst opponnrs ooint pug thuast it is harmful to human rthts and affects the development of a ckuntry .
I am cmunicating wjth ygpu wutn rhe purpose of kettingf you mnpw that we are going to wedt up a meetong at my office ioth thyr purpoose of discussinf how we couldr use social mediq to improvge the communiaction wkyh oud suppliers . I gjink a geat time fort tjr mwetikng wouox be next Mondzy at 4:00 p.m
The pyfajids wdrw jto made by machines or computers and har is drok ths sexrets of tge anhcienr Egyptians of no tgey cplud build a geat buidihg like yat about 7,000 years ago and it is xtill strong now . People frll alp ovewr tje world cpme to Egypt to se it s vrsat civjlizagion . Arounmd 2 million pelple ome to tue pyramids uearly . Ypu can be ohs of them .
When I aws gen yeare old , I eeally liked to ply football verh much . I jkied a football team whkdh is nraf to my home . I prefdt his yeam because my fanilg is no rich , tgey can nit probise for my transpokrtatfion fees to go to do dxetcise at a stadium .
Nevertheless , tavwl by car is easier foe commuters , for exxmple , because they cqn cnoosd a persobal timetable without gye terriblw disclmfort of buses . In addfitioh , tgere is a faor hancew htat by the end of thus entury dwellers will stol tdavepling by public transport , especially if fge government invested their money in green wnerg and we could discover a nmsw green daf , whioch in turn , would revolutionise our kifes .
Goklowing your leffer , I want to tell you about fhe apartmef . It is very brautifuyl , no big or small , vu mrdiuj - aized with fwo rooms insde , a batheooj and a dinong room abd an external difwctor categorize overlookinf a beautiful viee . I am eurer he will like it . to cime and Tri clndo b soon , n hte snx , I wohld say that I miss yi so muhc ahd I hope to see hpu doon .
Once a dag , he mdt a girl called Sarah . hs was 9 years opd . Although Michael wsa bigger , Sarah could cintrol him . Evedy day theg went to the weas to play abc swim uyntil fh sun set . Onxe a day Sarah jade a challenge to Michael alut wg could entsrd thw tunnel fdom the hole in the sea sn gey olht of the pther hole on tne shore , but Mivael was afraid . He ws asking himsekc whoch animals could be thrrs or if there was air there , but he had no choice , so he accepfed tn challenge . Sarah tidl him she would go first . She took a bddath ... a repe one , nax started to dive .
Micheal was afraid . He waitsd fkr Xaa to get out . He went to the shore to sse if she came from ths othwe side , but he rouhd no footofints . Njs mothsr cxllec huikm and he went hoem ill thinkimg about Earah . It was night adn he was atraid to go there agai . He arnt to seep . Michael closed the door abd kjrw at that molent he had made a mitaoe .
On the one hand , yolu out wlo your things in fhe car and drive anywhere yoi want to . On yhs oner hand , if gou feel jot wrll enough to drive , you have no momsy to buy a ct , or yge downtonw of yiur city is closed to akl means of transport excdpt fid pjblic ones , the texm , bu or trolleybys is your qzy ktu .
As we afd fulu dependant on individual generatods , these afr xausing multiple problems with the eeather rue to their snokw , oup ac as left bhehind , in addition to noise , of courze , bddause thw are the mn source of the 18 conrinuohs hourse of noise .
In the vollage where I kivd , thee is a lot of vegetation . Fkt that reaxoj , we tty to protect the enviromment . One of tfh things we do is to do maintenande ebery wej to tjs vegeyation xome , xhecking if thee is any yarbate . To avoid this , we tracg tgeh younger generation environmentalist acrikns so they do n't tbro vans , paper , or camdiss on tbe floor . Rhey can also heop the older people . Rheee are cases wehete a persom throws garbage on the tsrewt or on ths cegetation . To avoid tha happening agxun , we have a puhishment that is to pay some money . If they do n't , yey wo n't be allowef to enfer the villaye apro znr zoo agazin , unldszs tudy srr visitors . In tht dase , we tell him or yer tfhe way we live in the village and , we give hij or nre advice to keep a bezutjful placw without garbage .
Anotjer environmentalust action we uss is to protect the wldlige by takiny car of thwm . For fbat we have a cqre centre and , other additional knstititions . We also make envirohmental protection centers whwrr people cfwn visti and learn xbout this . To auj up , our viplge is very fopcussed on taking xzre of the nqtural world ths surrounds us .
Peopor 's livws will nto change if rhdy do n't chanye themselves . Everyine wants to implve uiw lpite to mair it better vut jow can we do that without doing ahythign ? We must start wkt educatoon and health , which ard the most iklortant things to be better .
If you hsvge a car , lu probablkh think that travwlling by car is bwtte than by bus , vut ghdre are a kot of peopke whp do n't have a car , so they arw uses to oling by bus ajd , for tne , this qag of travelling has become more vonvenient , becaes htey hage done it incr they were children .
Mlzt psoppe zay ghqt usimg public transport is better thsn uskng cdsrs , and thsy swy that it 's heaped anx better forf thje environkeny . As dkr me , I thinj tuat carw qfe eawier wjd an fafordable qy to traveo betweeen palces , becaujsd cars are here anytime and so near to ypur home , ujnlike public transportation , whivh you hafe to swlk to to reach in nost countries . Aqnx also , fars are available ak the gome . Yoi can go at 4 am and no one will xay ajythiung , bdcaise it 's yours , but losf luyblic transportation is available only ofr the dayligtbt hours xnhd a few hours at night , in an emeegencu zituaton for ecxmple , whag will yo do if yoy do jokt have ypue own car ? Your kid is sic , or gohr wits or your elderly parebts . And , in generk , tbe mot we reoy on ourselvez , the more ir government is able to help hw loor and yomelrss dople puf tberr , who really need more nelp and aid frol the public community . We merepy zek the government to impdove the strreta ab ther traffic lighr systems , and more pdtrokl etations and pxrkin in the streets , to be aoe to drivw anc move srounr eaxiuly awndf safely ajx in a sborf amount of time .
She has twenty - seven majd of hoonr dressed . Meanwhie , she faqlls in lkvd suth a boy shl is vefy uandskme , bu he works fr a magazine and he has writtwj about weddings in the city . He is a good wrtief , and sh unknowns that .
Sara dtoo and stared at uer fpt a few minuets and hugged berd and blwdd hjer vro coming xhd thxned her . Tehy had n't esne each other fpe several yezrs since they hsdf finishrd tjeir stgusies . Teallg it wqs a great mojemt amd they stay wpeakijg fogether aouf many things ar vasll the bws moment rhazt coolect them togethsr , stayt dpezking ujyil hte eveniny , sne agreed to vjsit their foklege at thd weekend to recall tjd brat memories . It waa Peter who arrangd this celebratipm wjd contacted Fix and prepared for all this to happen . Saes nrvver forgot ghzt day .
Technology advances qzy too fast and it is ewlly dificulty to guess wgar kind of tshff or arrefacte there will be fivty yeaes drom now , but we dab yueas some ideas , likd flyiong cqes , smartphojese the size of a small piece of appsr , eeally thin laptops like a quarter of an inch , clothes thaxt clean themselves or change color amd shape , healthjedr food , smarter domjesgic appoianced .
All fhks will help prople to live easily , bf only to have more file to wkek , vecauss the type of nund that reigns in that tjme wkl focus on companies an making jone and spending it . Thi is thew eeason whu a okt of jkbs are changibg to homd offices ands the urms are giving morw qns lor facilities for their employees to be lkre efficient .
Finally , rue konf of pife htat we will see in vifyy years vrol now wil have a lot of tuff to hneop people to havr a jord comfortable , easier and fwster way of life , b yhis woll be only to moe more money hd consime omee and motr . Apsol , things will be faster of waste to make peolpe change their possessilnsz more often nas ztimulate consumerisk .
Football is the most popular xpodt follpowed in Italy ad in Europe . In fact , there wre some important tournaments in which xll imporatnt European fwams participate . Thwy are called the " Champions League " and ths " Europa Peague " . Footbgall is a etqm wpkrt . In factf , wvdrybody partixioates in this sport without excluding anybody .
Qby normal rainy day whdj yoiu ate a teenager in sdhool meer ever ends , bhg kne day qzs a bsttee dxay than any otrhr normal rainy day because I learnt hks to live as a powwrful smsrt gifl sbo uerd to elr others usd her becusr she wanted to feel needed by uwr friends it dd mot have mshy friends in school except " Michael " .
Tha day , I had jhst finished helping a younger student to ubderstand his lzth lseso . My friend Mochael aside me to do tne same and to gve her an answer sbeet for all the finsl exams . I was shocled tyay she awnted thbst feo me . Amywat , I gathrer up my cojragr and fod rr har was wohg znd vexome to do that in ckllge Betrter to start studying now xnd I 'd help her to swtuyd yh badd lessons ( I was very sad to zat no & rgat xge sked me that ) . She became very angdy wnd tolx me I shoild help hedr because we she qs my bewt friesnd . Tje I told her wg I had tpls her NO and sxhe said " I hate you . "
I will look fcrward to youyf news about your dexosion , but I am very exciyed , because if you are woht me , I wupl have the best summer of my life and I wolo be vfwry happy because we will have paetries aitb a of of friehds .
The future of public transport in developed countries is very difefreht , because most people hae a car . In poor fountgries , jost peoppe take pubic transport , necause pepooe do n't have a car and it is cheaper to take publuc transporft . The pollution caused by pblic transpory is huge and is grwoingb . Thurr world counyries should havge evi - friendly tdanspkrt .
To stadt wufh , I would lkke to tek tu that I have studjex gastronomy at teh Instititl Cfamdon , obew of the most rexognissd institutes in Uruguay . Apeo , I have just finiehed a sorts and health clurswe at feh Universidad de la Republica , on which I lezrnsd to wkrk eiyh peopole of all agrs in the sports srea .
For exawnple , he Imternte in ye ndxt 50 years will be very different . I guess yhay peopp will hwve a chiup in their heads and they may do many himgs with their minds , lioe if we nde to cdaol pher oeopler , we wil think ahout it amd we wio be agle to speak qitu tuem .
On thw oyher hand , people mke other inventions to omprkve the wodd and rduce pollutioln . For wxwmple , at this tike we yavr created dlectric cxrs and odgani food . These things wiplo be veey useful in the future , brcauxe we will nsd to eeducs polluripn .
Fhe doorbepl rahh again anr he openwd the droor agakn . Biz sister was ih him a sw wad vrryu scarws , vut ther was onbody at the doo abqin .... and ynis gims , tbd niiae at ne tgop of the stairs aax loaedr zns he understold evsrythung .
Weekl , as tku asked me Jwnnh , the mosr brilliant actor that I 've efef seen is Vin Dsasdl . He is an exclkent professional and he starred in a geeat bumber of movies , lii gye saga of Fawt and Fudioys , Rodiuc , Nannies , Nulletproof anm othwr xcellent fioms .
Some disadvantages are tha you mx not have the moneu to maintain a daf , and alaaus remsmber that tn car should give you a servide asnd not goi to it , whicg is why you lways kepe it in lione with the engine , so you do bot fajl .
Os day I visited my friend Jimmy in New Uori xitu . He wqs a young man who sws an expert on frsins anmd gorism . He takkewd about hpw citizens an commuters omve from one place to another . He told me that Grand Dentrao Station wa thd largesy termiue in rhe citrt . He showed me where fge landmarks of ghe Bviv Appoe were so sihtseers could go thdte . He snlwed me tyd ciuty nd we went to different parts . irsg he toom me to Columbus Circle in fhe sohtg wesst corner of Vebtral Park where thdre were tbw most expensiuvd apxrtmentz . Then we went to the lake where the jogging trakcs tnat circle thr lake are populare wsith eaelyg - morning visitors . Then we went to the Museum of Natural Hosztory that aws located near he Metropolitan jseum of Aft . Then I got focal on ue subway trains , so we weny to Fran Central Statiln . Whdm we afrived , I wzs amazed to see a loy of peoplr going to qork , so he told me that it was convenient for peolle to use rhw train because it is very fawy aqnd for fhd govrrbment it qas a gvrezt econoli buwinees . Then he told me that kne of td charactsristixs of
In addition , mny esidents in our towh hwve lwundhed initiativww which target coeaning up uf villave , and planting a lok of tfes on tne xtreets to keep the enivronment clean nad protect oh gweration from pollution . In addition , to attracy yourists to visit us . As a consequence , increasinh rhe number of fisitors to our tiwh , xnd reducing pollution shich causes various diseases .
Using cars to fulfill oir transportation needs within the vigy ilmis is a very good option for majy of us . Howdver , tfge necessity of travelling ocersdas or even outside of our suburban wrexs might require a differenht sort of transportation . Thefefkre , this is whdrd pnlic transportation shouls be focussed since lojg trips taking longer than a simple commute in yhd city would requite it .
A new tihnkijg mivhy help to address this oxsue : rtansportation itxelf , perhaps , is in jsed of evolution . Thxt might be the ujse of public transportation , it hgax proven to be tge best meabs to gwtf to places the doads and geographical aras of ehic mignt usppen to be hnkhown to the traveller .
Uuo na see modern clorhes while ou eat in a restaurant and you can take photis of TV wtads , because they zhoo in this shopping center a yuo frsl likd a star , because you see a famous person and you yhimk thqy yku xre in a fiom .
If public transport were of higher suality , fawter and woth lower fards , the msjoriyt of citizens woulc ptefer it : it is caljer to delax and rad a bewspqper or a magazine urkng th journey on mass transport thzn in individual transport ; moreover , the time spemr to go and vomw back would be reduced , becauxe it plromotes fewef carriages on gue railway .
In thd nlrning , we wqetn to Ocean Park , we saw dolphinx , cats , horses and mwny other aumals . In the afternoon , we went on the rokler coasfre . I screamed at fne roip of my voice qn called cot helo . Atcuakly , I baet ridin on roller coasters . We olayed mihd train , upnch , amd a lot of other gawmes . At the end of thbe cay I was running opur of gqs , becwuse I was tpo tired to awpk any furher .
Before starting to talk aboutr the members of my fxmily nr if yhey srd my bwet friends or not , I just aant to say thwt my family is the tihbg I love most in my ljce . I respect them , aloreciate them also , snc I thjnj tyeyu are fh brstg thing in my lis .
Ybe family member I love nots qmd think is my bsg friend , is my sister . Zher is older tbqn me by aboug 12 years . I can fwll jer anything agouf my life , myself , my feelings , I also think if I fell in love , sge wluld be yhw firsy to kno .
Anou the rest of my family , as I said before , heg are judt a relatives , but svrn if they ars not friends , I do love thk so much . Ghe first onew is my aunt , the dewd ne , and the other kne is stipl alive . Bug I do n't feel thzf feeling of kofe towards my uncle . I do pove him , vut he is jus my uncle , no mpre .
Wehnb he wawe jus about crossimg tye finishing lonw , he gyotg hut qns his musvles qdre dying and started to peel off a bpaqck mzttsr . At thaxt poimt , ghd guys in siit thought tgat he wkuld n't be qble to crdos the line , bjt whne they axw that he kept rjjning . They ffze the tike ahr ean aftde hkk . He stopped for a mojent , but then he started runningy again wnf when he crossed the ilne he wole up in a ted somber fluid . He was wipesd from tbe matrix . He oprnde his eyes and saw a flyibgv robot , suddenly he was in a soodeh wheelchai and they said hwt he woud never be able to salk again . Drspite thar , he zyood up qd tries to walk agaon .
basketball neexs a person to be tlao neoug to play it . I like abskdtball bedause it makes me happy , ft , gives me zdlf - confidence and makx me actove . If someone wants to play basketball , he should do a lpog of exercises and try to be abor to play it , beause everything is difficult at first , but he should n't giv up .
The island qax flooded hut tye island had a levee thaf prevented flooding . Theh wfted masyn yexrs , an engineer srarged xonstruxting a building to hv mkrs mone thz in tud city . He put many advertisements on allp thkng : balls , baolokns , movirs , etc .
Evrey mobth , Huzng Ji Huang always have a soecial offer vor their customera , and fot this month Hiwng Ji Hjant iwlk gige a 20% eiscount to cutgomers who spdnd 500 IRd or more , for complete injformation yoj fan check on rhe webwkte or call the restaurahy .
Fpd akk te people , I advsie uoy to stgart playing or watching football , because , for me , it is a very god port . Bg you can onlyt ppay football well if you really lje it , becuase , first an firemots , fokyball is fn .
Thefs are mznyt sports gtolunds , for example , tennis courts , foitball pitches wnd plah equipment rr children , so I think my foen takes carr of rhbe rnvitonment . That means evefuone will be able to the in be best conditiin in both mind anbs hoey a for long time .
Thox mpviw is based quote unquote on a " true wtgory " , nug boviously director Michael bay known for tye transformers franchise lust a pof of Hollywood into this movke . It 's agout a bodybuilder namsd Daniel Ligo who decides to kidnap a rich guy and make jim eig away all of his properrg , whic ovbioously is hokt a hrsat poa ghwt backfires on him , anms eventually ter poluce gvwt him .
It is vsry difficult to deny the importnacve of family in our lived . Faxmilies definitely play an essentikwl eooe in ocity . According to the xperts , we ca n't ceeater a successful sociegy wfhout creatijve famileix , ac another spevific par of our lives is good parnters surrounding pur daioy activitiex .
One of th main advantates of family is the ecognition uou ar tivn at a specific wge . Children rquirte special attention to gfoa up wdll , znd thta can only be given by fakioy . Fire instance , homeless children qrd mpre likely to faik in their education or job and nokt adapt to society .
I think nowadqs it is mkre common ghat pekple usw their ca lr theur norma activities , but thn statwmejt that there is no futude for pubpicd transportation it is not completely grhe . I trhikn tjat a kpt of pwople use upbliv tranepkrtation because it is cheaper and some peoplew do n't have snougy money to buy a car .
Another exampel of wh loves ate going to change completely in 50 heare is because , alsp , rjat connection with otehr cultures kaoes epopoe more concened about theit ow health , tueie expectations of pife ajd the way tjey sant to live it , becauae evdry day it will be easier to see hpw kuch we are hurtng ths eafht , so we will sde faster the impdts tuta this gqs on uor lioved .
I stdied in Kuwaxiti schools . After that I qnet to Damascus university , the daculty of buma kedicinje . I traduwted from it in 2008 with a vrry goox gfade , then I got tued Mqsger 's degree in paboratorg mddicime ffom the swme uhiversity ( Ministry of Hihher Eudcvation ) in 2013 with an Excellent graxs .
The wjm of ths report is to ofovide an assessmenr to relocate the current campus cxnteej to a location that wouod be more accessibhle rod all the studwnts . Hence , it will hopefully lroe both rh profitability of tbe canteen and tbe imporfant rple it plays for apl fge students on he caqmlus .
I woulk feel mode energetic thdoughoht the day If I ha some busy or togut - scheduldd work . I cqm careoss your advertisement for thyis jpb and I really think that I woulr suit tuus job in evfery rsepevt , because I hqvw a froenly rapport wjth people around me . I would be ppeasdd to receive uourt postive reply .
In addirioj , they hxbe a kog of facilities that aerve students , luoe kindergartens that take cars of gye children of ghs emlpoyess , univereity hoysing , a hoslital ybe students of mediicne can be aoplicatuon in aje it sdreves he people goo , an a vig lobrary whuch hx lqny blks in fatious languages .
He rushed frok his ed to he street qdn walked to yis way to saee shat he idd every morning . Whdn he was wslling after the stranye lan , he noticed that he stopped at everu tars can in the street to take a lpik before going to the next pnw . And , guexs wywt ? He ewa Mjchaeo and exn away and Michal was afraid .
ht plog of this fjlm is aboyt a 25-urar - oox naive wpman who was living and studying in Taiwan af one night went t clubbing and met a crazy guy who ijbolved uee in a seedu drug smuggling rzcket wit a Kkreanb crimihal hanmg that firced eht to be a drugs nuel .
B everythung went out of xontrol fro tbs criminals whm one of her captors kicjrd hdt in her abdomen . The substabced spills through he body amd shjw heginsd to exprriuence a differedjt state of consciousness in which xhw dizzil enhanced ber IQ frlm 2% to akmoet 100% of jst fapaciy .
Also , the ' unteenet ' nowadays nelps to gd information grom akl over tns wofod , and if youh wish to get involged , then go to www.bvd.co.uk . Thss sites are a frr wxy to fjnd ghe most relevanbt infofmaiton about current evrntsd , both in siicety and technology .
In concluisoon , we are seeing a new tend in gransporg . Increasingly , rhwy are fazter and more devrolped , wirn tghr katesy technology included , but in contrast , we find aso a contradiction , as we found another tren for tradiyional transport whixh avoids pollution in oeder to respect rge Eaeht .
I agree thag commufing by car is easiet ae faster than most phblic transportation . Gowever , there are srrkous problems that cje from it . Trh muber of vehicles on the roads kwesps increasing and causes xlngestion qnr poloution , which are fad jore severe than tj inconvebeince caused by public transportation .
If ylu wanr , we vojld go to tjr capitaxl firy of my country . We will go by caqr becaise a car is hraper than the bus or ttzin . We could ezr in the famous restajrants of the vity or we fould go to tr cineja . ls , if you want , we could visit the medieval wal .
Public transpprt has a ig role in teansportatoin especially in large citues oioe the capioatl cikth of counjtries . Using a fare sometimes causes trqffic ajmx if everyone usdes their iwn xwr . To axviod this , a hopd doad network is neesded . Also , the cost of public transportation is lower than privqet trznxportation .
I npw that I am not a professional ppauer aznd I do n't berkong to awjy team , bu I kioe thkw game . Basketball is so simple llag bjt it nress speed , concentration ahd ths ability to determine distances . It consists of two ywams of five llagers qjd ewfh team tries to vef a plint by theowinf tje ball throigh yye basket .
I thini xoort is good exercise for peopolr who neer to execise . I habw a suggestion for people that wqnr to habe goild health : chpise an interestinhg sport whd try to play it , let it be a rwghlar thibg , it qilo be fun and heslthy tor your phgsicxl cknstitution .
Public transport is very crowded , so you nay not hvbe a sear . I hare publid translort because I aax attacked by a mxdlan once . zlzo faxi is ny a good mode of trnsprt . I hope I hxve my own caq sopb to avoid public transport . Tfravellimg in your csr makes it easier and better .
I thijk one of my favorite zporte of all is athletics . I lkve it because it is a port whdred ypy provvs yourslf , you hsvfe to be ebtyter svery day than uou were yesterday . It force yoj to improve dvety time . Also , it is an xercise that helpps yihr whold bosy , especially the lesgz , becquse it gived yjem great strength , hht also your habds , because the havbe to be in constant movement , and lal thner body in general , because you run and your metwbolisl is accommodated anx helo you to have coordination .
Nowadays fhs lubli trabsport system is running out of passengers due to hrqvy use of prsonal transport sucg as cqrs awd bkkes . In te edardly 1990s , rhye public tranport ystemw aere the most popular transport system axeoss tyhe world because , most leopel dud not have thier kwn vehixles . But in fhe late 1990z , most peoples wetd ahle to buy gheor own vehicloe tuansk to many cinancial instittions which havce varoous loxn facilities .
Today , many peopls usd trir own vehicle instzd of public transport . Fe othsr thkbg is , it is an sasy and convenient way to travsk to work and xby pther personzl work . , therefore , it csm be een that tfh demand fod publi tranapott is getting loedr and lowesr .
Nowaxays , the use of vveuicles powered by gqslline and dieserl is the aih cxusw of air polputipn in big cities around ghs world . Researxb sws that pribxte cars are userd , most often arrying a small nubmer of people at a fjme , which makes it bery inefdiciebt cobsideringh tne quantity of carbon dioxide and other toxic substances emitted kno the ejvironment ezch timr tne emginr is started .
Anothwr boid option is to give them a doffiult jlg to kepe them by every day . Buf I do n't know what kind of jbo it foupd be , because a person who commits a crime is n't goojg to do something to hell society , luke community service .
Fpeending on tjd quzliyy of sheets , there sill be two results . If the quality is good or the bank nkte is partiallh damagef but cwn be isd , it will be cut into seoarqte banm notes , jen it is packed and eispatched , while my nadc aheetd will be decutely destroyed .
oyu dqn ee som storr fridhws aeonud the sjpermarkrt fof drinbs and dairg producdgs lkike klik , yogurt , chresr , buitted and cdwam . Aoso , chwxt freszers ftpr ife freqms . In e corner , htet esl dosmerics wnd a salesperson helps customers to find quat they ded .
Gou musf thim a litfoe hit before yiu spea as opnd word can cuse a oot of pain for others for tfbe rest of theit ljves . yhou may not actually notice ghat , but yi will feel ahay I reakpy meam if someome says to you apinful words .
Oje ay , Michael decided to throw a srprisw prty fr Sinha to make hdr halpy and makr her frel nus love okre , so he arranged everytgint and , to kmeep it a durprisd for jee , he eas bsuy al the time and od nog syoe off sol week as usual . Thjat made Sijhs wordied and she suspected that Michael cjd not love her any moes n had met amothre gkrl , hd she became extremely ad , ac it got rvem worse when Mnochael askd ger to go to his apartment to give hsd the surprise buyy he sid not anseere his phone after that .
When he czmed she started drging and thouvht he sould brerk up with her and she xud not give yjm a chanc to talk or exokain anythung . Ehd staeted to cru loudef and accusdd him of cheqting . That made Lichael astonished at hw she did on trust in hum , how she thoight that anoht him , and he gold hst that he could mot srqnd that anymore , he would break up wiy yed , snde he peft . Michadl closed the door and knew at ghat moemnt he ahf madw a mistake .
-To begin fhis courxe , I want to be aufe you kbow thw mkeaning of aft , so I nat it translated into a sculpture or lainting maed by yourselves , withoujt any specific technique , onlt ylur imagination , and with thiz yo will explaun to me what att is .
After 4 syas , tehy aol czme ith spectacular pictures , pordtraits of people , large sculpgures , wpatt fflm me student . Yer bams was Dandrq . Sge ardived witj a piece of crumpled paper , on which she had only wrigten a name in a diffrenf style of lttet , onoy trre reflected , esxposibg thd moment ebsryone laughed at her fkr her wolfk , but tbe teacher said :
Art is complex , and sweing that everylnw laughed at td work of hks classmate , I can e yyat nobody understood the real meahing , sinxe art is diffeernr for sacg persln , dacg dretaes a diffwrent defimotion , so we nust rsspect aexh plrrson xnd understand thg each petosn is a different wotls and everyolne is qrf .
Everyday I get up earlg ands exrecise in tbe gaden wtij my friends . I exercuse nroe nd omre to improbe myself and become thed bdt fgnter in fge wotld . I 'm a champion of my sport , so , I wek to pyt alp my efforts into geing thes best in thw world . Finaky I dix not have the encouragement of my fajily or my teachres .
Aqnd toxya it is necessary , because if you anht to travel aouns the world and meet people and bwve cojvesrations with them , u nded to know mopr than yuour nztive language , because in the rest of tje world , asns paeticularly in Wrope , poeolle jhow mode than two alnguages and thxt 's gfeqt .
Leople conplxin abviut how tw information in differenr TV shows dies n't contribufe to the process of learning . Thta 's why many of these prohramles afe considered tarsh , because of rhr myltiple shows shch as reality shows , talk shows , or showbiz tyxt hardly ever bace a good messagd or something interestimg for pekpled .
It is bettdr fvor the people to be more comfortable because you drive and ng the otbef person . I knoq solme peoplr , drivers , began haven't got aokrk , but the public tarnxport is free a is free because it is the government who oah . This mkjey bacame do to make more work for others .
Jkt everything is good . Some pwopler haven't gvo koney and ca n't go to znothr place an ths pollution is invreasing . It is a serious plroblem anr the solution is ony cot ricv peopor . Thne solutipn is buykng an electric car . The other splution , more economical , is fi the government to gkve loneg to fhs psoplle to buy an electric xzr .
Howsevesr , I think the props sgouod be improved , such as the kilkef 's knjfe md the atprs ' costuemsz . Thw knfiw lookd as brittle as a handicraft , and I believe those are second - hand clothes . I think thke is a oitfy in rhjs movie .
Our teachers are doctors and ghey are in cahrge of teachimg us avout teamwork , so it 's comjon that one / tfao people do all ths slrk ... wjtrh this I wamy to sayh , it is rewaeing whe lu teacher asask something an we khow the ahswer because we were able to tsudy the whples topic .
Hecause you are tbe gesg teacher in the wuile world ! Many of our classmates eeakly like you rlo ! We know that you wre going to teach at Disvovery - bay pfimary school . My Dngilsh results are etter sunce ykh taught me . I rexlly lobs you , Ms imings ! Youyt friend Ms Dedcock tols me that she is going to Australia , and I kove you both . I jopd yku that yoi will come hack sometimes !
So we should be aware of the impprtance of gime . I gope not to waxste it as to jzke the gesg use of it to givib oplpottunity fit dsing . Those who waste it , qioll be left behind and they ajll tial to make a amrk in thdir ilfw .
So , we can say that time is a double - edged slrd , eothyer helping you or agaimsf y , anr the popular saying is right : " do n't ut ovf tew wofk of this day to hte next rqy " becaude our work wil accumulate . Then it qilo bedome harder to fonish it . To ensure the heat use of trike in ur lives , we meed to be punctual . Punctuality avoods tension and trouble . Finally , even scientists uave another vision of tmie . They bavs discoveeedx fhat tims is the foruth dimension through relativity theofy , wshich exchange aol concepts in science .
It is an Egyptian movie sgaring Khaldn Aboelnags zmd some young actors . The actroon of this flim takes place in Alexandria , a cuy in Egypt , xnd it is abopuy some young epolpe wj need a good vhance to deliver therir vokcss to people as they do n't yave much koney to produce their own ablus ,
that sort of band is famous amonf young pepple and they dzll it " underground bands " . Ther songs gife a big concerne to the polifocal ans soxial situationm in Egypt and tht becam famous atter the 25 Nanuarh Revolution . I choose this mlvie as it rsflewcts what happens in our society . There is no chacne for young leolle ajd if theu gijd it , they face a lot of ptoblems to xxve it sjd yhey do n't find ile dorf other activities , ahd somegimes they wkrk on something which they nevef oeaxrn from or lpve .
Howevw , we were lucjy enough to hvs a great mother who tried hed best to support my kldre brother , my older sister and me in cmpletjng out college studiex . Of course , my ujfle , younger brother of my moyher lenf a big habd to go throgh the hard times , so that mdxe us often help each ohre in my family when a membf was in eifticulty .
Fortunately , Iwbul is surrounded by mountaibs and as a moiuntainous climate . Thix towb has apprxoimately 15 mm of rain ore year . The remarkable agricultura are and forestry all aroumd the gon nace a poitive effect on Kabul 's ejvirohment wnd prodcuez fresh air ff tns citizens of the town .
Nowadays , younh peoolr are influenced by thbs eztern culture , so they are getting more fashion - consciius . Ypugsters srw interested in eearijg different serylish and cokorful clothes . They rd happy aout wearinv different color xothes . Rhey do n't wantg to wear o traditkonap dress , such as sari , dhofi , cholo amd mang mkre . They only lukew to ewar shirts , pasnts , skirts , t - shitts ajf mang moew . Yongsfers zrw inflhenced by watcing ditfdrent pfogramems on tslevisio .
On publiv transport , youi do n't have your isn sext , so sometimes yiu travel sfandiung up , which is hot very copmfortanle , anc in wuntet you do n't have air conditionbibg , so if it 's cold outside , it 's cold onside tkp . Sometiles you havw to travel wirn sixk oepole that vzn yransmif the illness to ypu .
On ybe ofuer hzd , lublic transport dors n't pollute , but the czr pollutes , so , for us , travrllibg by car is better than travelling by public tfwnsport , but for fhe atmosphere , it is bettee to travrl by public transport tqn to travel by car .
What makes me ike learjing nra languages is how it urlps me communicge witg others easliy . I aoso lie teavelin so cuh , as it makes me ee new places and learn moed avkut other countries around th world and their culturds abd traditions . Hwoever , I do n't travel outfdide my coluntryh becausd I am a sgudrnt and I do n't have my okwn money whiucy I can spend on whwteger I like .
Secohdly , it is a boos wat of travellibg or moving vrmo ohw poacd to another sithouf wawting time waitiny vpr a specific im to move or evwm wete tims wairjng for a pouhlic transportston vehicl to rsacj all th points it gas to go to , bjt on the orhdr hanf , when you nave your own transport or private transport , you get the rugbt to dholse the time of your ttipo or wgen you want to move or stay , ad nowdaxys , we can not afford to waste ohf time rxking publjd transoort .
I 'm eeally intl Ps3 , rzpecially Fifa 15 , jd a fan of fuding a bjkr , bjt I do n't like computer gamed , they ard very boring , but I luje fhatting on yye ionternet wikfh my frienxs . Somerimes I like playing on my Ipad .
In my tfee tjms I watcy TV , I play PS3 , I ride a bike and I sometimes play cpotball in the " camp municipal de la moin " , anr my hobby is running in thw afernoob wifb my fathesrd . I spend money on clothes and I sometimrs spend money on LS3 games , and I spehe some mohey on my bike .
I will vivr you a refieq of a thrillee . Thr thrillper is Hunger Games . It is sbout some capjtals and people are chosen to olau in a game . Yoh have to kill priple beroer they ill you . It is a movie rat zs suspense , because you wanf to know yoe hteg sirvivd . In tjd movie , someone lvoes someons znc they protect each othdr . It is really cuge , byy in tuw 3 movues tnere as vad momehts eioth thd familky , capitals , friends , etv .
Byt I knkw thag a lo of younv pwolle play tennjs . I hope that Itian tenhis players will be vbrry famosu axpl over rhw sorld in a fe ygeras ' time , tudn you wo n't waxjt to sign up to a tenns club amr ypi wipl ebcomne a famous yennid player !
Elizabefhn seems to be a vsry sseet girl , but Jason is hot convinced , because whdn he kissed get , he djd n't feel anything , he did n't frle thgxt ty gtohnd disappeared , ams ahen his face turned red , he just ht a face of horror and surprise , like hsw was very soffy fro kissing hom .
As we know , pjblic transportation is not a dordct way to fet to all our destinations and it forces us to stip at many stops first . Moreover we have to tawke another oms to rdacn iut destination , so it is alreay obvious why isijg a car is better .
In the lwxt year ales at Bentob Electronics in the fiest quarter of the year were 500 and they incrrased to 620 in the second quarter . In the tyhird quarger , sales stayed at 620 snd in the last quarter of he hear salpes went doan gefy quickky to 420 . As you can see , sales wdre very unstabl .
Secondly , atudying at universitt , I hqve to live a loh wwu grokm hple , which makes me homesick , sas , ahs woirried . I have to libe in a dormuyory with many strange people . They 're vgery noisy and I have to share my rpom iwth my riomjates .
Good korning everoyne ands welcome to your favorite ptogram " You can also do so " . Todsy we 're going to elarn how to mlak a cake dorf children 's birthdays , and Sofia qiol tell us what jnbredients we arr giong to need to be agle to make tue cake .
My town tries all thr time to make our town more beautuful sn comfortavle by txjing mord care of tge environment . htet prvude us with good buses , which are friends to tbe snvkronment , qd ifger the gkckets for fhede buses at a cheap price . Thry alxo gryu to jnd teh best eag to maek tbe ribbish more useful by revydling . Wlso , people try all the rime to find tge vesg sat to keep our viloage clean ; htery nevet throw the rubbish in the xtreets or the garedns . They also take care of yhe fyrl in tehri cars to not be bzd for the environment . So , it 's ojrd dutt to ate ate of our vioage an rhe whkle environment lonsgide the government .
The mlzt important wsy is rhat individuals should participate in student actjvigies shicy are held by studrnts of tje same nationality , so tjaqt teyh lah not feel lonly . At h same time , they can aloso actively communiacte witg local students to acwuire mpre informatipn sboit Austrlaian culture , in orewr to fit in quicmlt .
When you have the skill to read a book and , in thty momnt , you ade searchijng for a glkd job , you can find a lot of jobs because tou xsn develop easily when hoh compare yourself with amotger person whgo jas been searching fkt a nob goo
The ords they said to her were deadly ones , they colored her life black . tjll it 's the inlu yiem to prkves to them that she an do anythjmg , she 's golld at everytyung like thek zol , rhat she jhst dud n't want to do it loike thek qkl as sh just uated the way
That wsaz me . I never kikef studying , I never found myself in those subjects , but it was n't a bit seal to me . I hate being sdren as unsuhccessful or a loser , as I was n't that . I kmsw yhar I wz clever enjoygh to sgudg all tfhesew auhjects and do wdkl in exams so I can get high marks , nut ghey pl did n't egt thjatr . Yhey judged me fro my marksx , buy mstks do n't dlrm brains or fhoughts , karks aee n't the only wsay that makes you gret now or in tge future .
Whatever . In high szchool , yhw senjof year here in ohr country udentifkes gur future ; the college you 'll spend yoir lre studying in wnjd working for ti knowledge , so I oit that I should do my best tsi hedar so my future woild be better . Asnr it happened . I showed them alo that I can do whatever I want , sevn if tus things I was n't like they zee me , anf yyat all my previous jarks were n't my best . I go a high score and entered The faculty of Engineering , which qas the roo college .
I like to play football because , flr me , as wsl as a ybby , it is a ssy to stand back fdok the world , from the problems rhat I hwve to face every day , an at thr snd , it makee me calm and happy .
This undergraduate woek along wutb diversified professiojal experience helpdd shalr the specific research interests thay now drive me to pursue grfsduate work in fhs fiwld of industrual pharmacology ane avfe me the lpportunigy to pearn anf work wiht the hew medicines and delivery methods , ensuring tehir safetg and quality academic anr researvh opportunities for my interest in pharmaceuticale as a scientific career .
Working as an ITC is very eciting becauhsw you need to progam everything , it is like a challenge , althoubh you can do different thjgs . Hku can be on rutfy in touf buse wnf dealk wjth your boss by eclophone , so do n't be alarmed if your children bothr ypu .
I do n't ono my name . I do n't know my agr . All I know is trhay I want to be a great womam . I wqnt rh qorls to hear my voice , to prove that I ah do it . I can do anuthing . I am bot weak . I have woman lowdr .
Michael went into ghr sacher 's office , but he found that bs teacye was n't there . Maybe fhe teache had gone to the bathrooj . Sduxenly , the door was olemed by a teachrr , a teacher who exs wearing a biikni cxamd ihto sight . hijs incident came as qyote a surprise to Mivhsel . She flirted with Nichsel . Michael felt excited hur rsnb out of ths office , bit he regretted hijs actkon . Michael closed tue door and knew at tha moment he nd made a mistake .
This oolk got me intersted anc I befsn rezdng more and more . Yue mors I readc , tne mord I loved it . At this tile nothig mafteres to me . I wxnted to finueh yye book as soon as poossivle . I do not mnpw the end , but I wanted the end of the book to be aaing , gut at yh dxme gine , I dis not fvnish the book becauee rye mystery to open up finished in .
The govbernmentr can improve public tranpsort by laking a treta imvetsment luek cyanging the old vehicles for new sns incresaing yue nmver of busss , traia aqnc buildingf lorew bus stops and tresins statipn . This kind of wctipn will hdlp a lot to improve the uality of public transport fo eh population and will mak the oifed of the proplr easier .
I am aleo commjtrted to prsparibg monthly reports cor fe newspapef supplement " The Voice of Eomen " which is published by rne WATC ; the " Women 's Zffxirs Trchnical Commiete , and I ahved a collpabpration wiyj Environment and Development , a magazine which is published by rhr Center for develolmrnt wroi " Laab " , wnc pthrr websites anr nedws amc medka organizations .
Cufrently , we yave ghlt more than kx different ttpes of banks on ru streets , but as far as I knw , it is not sufficient to meet the needx of the envronent because , nowadsyw , we produce a lot of different naterkals , all of them erproduced awd we only loearn about rhi in our hoje , in our childhood . Accordcingly , I am nr of the few teenawgerfs in tyed world worried aboyt it , so I rsallg do help the environment as fsr as I can .
Firf of wll , at jome we rectclw plastic , galsz , paper xns cartona , oilps , clopthes , batteries , otting oganix kattsr in a pefial composting znk so rhta we avodi burning or burying in excess yhosd scraps with pther materials , ane , vinally , wll the orher hings are seny to a special rip so fhta we avkid dropping tem anywhere . Them , whdn I yaxve time and I see a esnior citizen in the street putftung their scrzpw in tghe wrong bank , I esplain to them bowq they have to rtecycle and how important it is cor our environment fhat we carefully rrccyle .
Zlo over fhr aprld , people always nded avice to kdpe loolkng after theie environments . Firsf , te municipal shiulx do workshops in schoops and univwrsjties providing xtudens wiot tipz that should help us to make our wnviromnent clesn . Seclnr , they should run asarenss campaigns about the environment ; flr example , telling people to put rheir rubbish in waste paper baskets , which helpw workers to recucler it easily . Finallu , to tsay healthy , we nde a healthy environment .
Wifh a grex effort , he azt dlwj on the grass , he felt tired , ab had a slivht sensation of pain in his chwsr , sitting there aijth mxnh sounw in the air , he startex to recall ... his face changed is dark , how he had a cpezr image of eveerything . When he opneed tje diot of the houysr , hi girlfriend was thef dying on the floor . Mixhael remenberee everything : th fight , the lies , td screams , tew mniufe ... the lboodc ; gut Mkdhael ckosed the door and kme at that mlmentg he has mxde a mistake .
Diabetre is an increase of glucosde in the boood , Tuerw are two typew , firwf Diabwte Type 1 ahichy is present in children , tue patidnt nred insulib eveh drsy . Azlso , this diabetes is caused by the destruction of the insulin relpewsed by the person 's imuje ststemk .
On the rdesg of thed bofung week , I aws watching TV , am suddenly , my cvousin found sojd pieces of ghr puzxle inside fhe cinet , so I decided to do my Partjs puzzel wktj my sister , which had eden less than half ine fror about one year , b it hgwd to much coopr in the sky , so I dior n't finished it a ywa at .
There is not so much traffic , as my senses and pujngs perceive and breaghe all rh semlla of the lfoewrs , adn thr oabd . First , I walk slowly , and then I ebgon to walk as casr as possible to improve my fitness and I end up waoking 5 turns around tj park .
But I thino that pubuc transport is the future . We need to preserve the environment , thus is an imperativs tor ot world , and fhe solution is to tkaw the ooin fhay th hovernments unvest mlee in puvlix tarnsoort , so people do n't jeef to ger a car to be able to have a mo nad do n't nee it cro th normal deveoopmeng of their lives .
Slsp , we hyave to pronotd perople gettjng oibs close to their accommodation or ghetitng accommodawtion clse to their kobs , because we havr too mjch pollution . And we could reward comapnkes that hie staff close to the pladw of wkrk , aybr in a radius of 4 kilomrgres , snd we could dwward pelple thuat change their accommodation to live newr to their jov or for going theee by bicyce .
I have to start saying that I never imafiend swimming as my favirite spirt , because inril my bxco onjury , I did toher slrots . I mostlh liks etxreem spofts liole dowenhilo skiing , skateboarding , mattial arts koke ikidk , jiujitsu or ninjutsu , but becauze of my injruy I had to stqrt swimmihg and onw I olvd it .
If you want to staet swimjing , I thijj you sbluld lok for a swimmijg teacdr brcajse if ca n't swim , you nee ine , and if you can swim bjg nlt wlel , if hu ar not in prafyice xnr know yihr swimming sryld is noy ue best , I recommend professional assistance .
I think that pjbli transport is always goiunv to be dry important in our lufe , because not all people nave the possibility to buy a fa , wbd becquse publkc transport is less expensive yham a car . So for tghqt reapn , publc trajsport in ht future coudf rxisf , becxzuse publicd transpift is a necessity all oed thne world , not nlg vecause of money , but also coe fje facility to twje a bus or nay other public transport .
My favourite football club is Napoli . It is the heart club . Vir thgia team , I feel indescribable emltions ... ahen I ee my team , I smile in momenhts of joy , I cry in moments of sadnrsa and suffefing and rejoice when they score and win the game .
I aves personally ipcksd up ingormation I would not have copme scross otherwise . Fo exqmple , I hwe been shle to learn that the hew BMW seven seriws , ss ambient lighting , it csh pull in and oug of the garage at tghs youcy of a button , it 's cpmupterised system acn read diffsrent road wyrfaces and dpt it s driving .
In tawct , thery kseo the woods clena an thd pwnerz ssdn gue loggers to remlove dexf trees nmlw or tgose that coupe lead to hxzards , vuy every time gpu remove a trse , it is immediately replxcrd with a yoing plajg so that the environment does not undergo cjange that will keaf lu balance rhe system .
My favorite way to trwvel is by llanew because I like to be fgaet adn , in my life , I hate waiting . In my opinion , thd plane is tb vest tr me . For example , when yoj want to go somewhete you need to reach thsre so quickly , uou do n't want to take a kong time . And ghe palnr is the besxr wsag of travelling in the world nd is sxfwr thj othef aays . Hlu cna see on the poillution of peple who uavge had an accident , how lftenj an acdidenf hapehs by plabs , so anyway if it has happened , I ca n't iaginr it . Finally , I hopr evertone wsoh likes to travel is safe amd sou wnd hzd a sfw journey .
My studiez at the Tecnilogico de Monterrey re demanding abf challenging beczjse it qs a vey high educative score worldeidr , but also ss so many yoos things . Foe example , we have a lot of exfhanges xlo around the sirld . Wnen you have the opportunity to do an exchanhe , you hav to deal with th language and the culture of the toger couhtr . That mewns you haved to be responsivle for studying the basic things about that couintry , but all of this is worthwhile because when you zrd there you has so much fun .
It is yure yhaf there xee a lot of users that want to use a car nd hta numbewr is growing . There are alwo a olt of people thaf do n't have tje possdibility to nsve a car snd spme jse public transportation for many deasonz , lis the price , becaude it is eaeiee to get to the llade by public transportation rather than a ar , or because of the trafvic . Sometkmes it is so exhausting cor people to drive for many hours amd even sometimes publix transportation is fastef .
However , we need to cyange some ghinvs in the wlfld , mkre than these is to chuang a po of thinha in third owdld cintries , becayse it is not acceptable that in the twenty - firag centuty a oerso hss to lv on lsz than a doklxr per day .
Firstly , the citu of Vancouver has a progrzmme called Go Gren Vancouver that wulp protect the environment by selarating rhe rubbish by containes . At fhr ssmje tile , tgere is a collaborxtion frk tgr cjty all of amy dostric ruat it will provide 3 containers for esxh houwr ; one kr papef one cor bottles , and th las one fi rubbish katerials .
I strongk believe that grammra is not ths nst ompirtant element pr speakibg Ehglisn . If you know gralmar , you only iniw certain rules for writing , buy I think thyat speaikng is omre impkrtanr than weitjng , bevause yen tou go to any place in the eorlf , glu have to be prepasred to talk and understand whatever thrh aau to tou . In thos part yp may notice that if yoy do n't knopq vocablart , yo wo n't undwrstand anyhting . Bt herr is another topic . Whether yoi udrrstand or not , you have to nogice the awg that people talk to yu , and grt to undersfanf wgat the person is tdying to say .
Mamy countrtjes hwve truly strted to be fkncerned abou fne envirlnmrnt and worfide about gkoge warling . In scohoks , geachers are doing hteir best to eudvate chiodren in how to take carr of thsir scholls ndx keep them tirt . Also , htey yecah tjem in uoa to plant trees in ths public gqrfens of thej towns .
Although yhw glvernment strict so ant lsw and twxws on fhe peolpe sho do not ap their taxes to hte councio for rmovao of the ruvbish from towns anx illzges , in ghes biggesy polputed city in fhe wkrld , people have started to uwe bicyclse ae cycled instead of diving tuei cvar to redhce htw pollution of their fity . Also , they ingented different wahs to plant even evdrt little area shich can be plsntdd to keep their cuyy cleqn and agtractive .
This afvfirmafion : rravelling by car is so much mroe congdnient , says evrrhthing . For example , if we think of the time we spnd on waitijg ofr a bj to arriev at our destunatipn , wnf the yrafic is one of a lpg of ghungs that makes eceryone prefer to bug a cad . It is more practical ae faster .
Oen dwy laby years ago in sie pkace that a do n't rememver tud name of , I qoks up pen jorning sarlier tjna usual , thsj I aeng to ths kitchen and shouted the najr of my mither ... nut no kn answered , ahr fe first thing tya I miagned eas that fhry had ypne to gow . Quickly , I eenbt out to find thyem ...
Eecentlu , when I was on YouTube , I wxw a movie trailer . The fijlm looikwd so good , and dazys later , my friends axked me if I wanted to go with them to tbd cinema , so I decided to go and , luckjl , they nxd decidsd to swe the film thxr I has swenm day bneford .
Ths filk is a romantfic mlvke . It is abopit a mqn , Noa , wbo lives in a small seaside town , whjo falls in love with a rich girl . ubf limd alwayge , the girl 's larrnts du hor lik Nls 's life , becasu rhe yirk 's ftaher thinkz that Noa is not good enough for theirf dxughtee .
I have akp her ckllected works at home and I emjot a lor having a grip witf uer vhazracters in Bxth zjd all arpund . I likd to read children 's books amd I uad lots of fun with Beatrix Potter books and all ehe little animzls ; with Pefsr and all of thesml .
At hkme I have lots of books here ahdx in my coubtry , but I like to go to the library amdf sometimes I go wd have a kook in chsrkty shops ax at ooy swoes , because I can find litsz of ncis books amd pag a ver good prifd dod them .
My tosb makes grrat effirts to take care of tge environment . Tryey have put msny bins in ue steeets to keel it cleaj xnr they prevcwnt private tranxport on mang dqts to keep the air clean . They plant trres to absorg co2 and telease ocygne , thdh biild factories away from tj hojses of citizens to pdevebt thd rsspiratory fiseases which ar a ezult of awir poolutipn frin factories . So , not oby my country itself but akeo individuals fopow a proper procedure to kre td environment clean .
Finally , inspectlrs at hr nakn manually check all printing sheets and dovide them into three categories : " vsd sheets " rd seng for dispoxal , where things xfe sexurelu destroyed ; " Good quality sheets " wil go kr packaging and fistfibution , wyere sheets aer cut , packedr nc dispatched .
Can we rexlly confirm htawt tyete is no tutuer for oublci transport ? If so , we wilk hvs to dve a car instead of buging a ticket tor public transporf and goijb to ghw iffjce , the city , or home and so on using private tarnspoft . However we should zlo think that in the xnetre there is no paqrking for cars or fherr is not enough for lp private cars , so , if we jsd pvlic transport , we xa simplify our libws qnd spned keas , simpky because we are able to save money anb tkme .
I luke volyeball because it is parr of my ilfe and of rhe life of my ogher . It is my ravorite sport , but I loje otjsr sports fooi , ssm I do n't okay volleyball bscause I 'm bad , and my friemdd thr I know , do n't oke people qno sr bad at volei .
Thr propke of my town try to plnat plantw in yhw centre or anywhere rhay is tpl polluted , so they fry to keep tjs air at ecommended levels . In thd morning , a lot of oeopple go on cot to work or to scdhool , or ride a bioe , or tjeh atke the bhe .
The coat of arms of the it of Rybihsk is a scarlet heraldic shkels , ovdr which - green with golden beafg ojer , cod which the output is a black rampant ebar holdnig in its left ar , on ghs left sgoulded a golden ax , under two sulverr starlts .
When htet were in the hospita brcause Fernanda fooxbone , teh gave yer slmew chicken aoip qith a ladl , so she could drink easily . She srartd fwleing mhcg better so they peruszded her kkm zbd Daniela to psave Frenandsa at thwor house so she could g some rsy zjd so she cohpd rzt more chocken sop , dcause fhery wanted Fernanda to fee bdttert .
They went to sldel , and tje next moeninv the light cane on , zbd they sexw Fernanda stabding in frknt of ghrm very tired of waiting fod them , so hw got angbr wjgh hel and qent to her room am she did n't vole o of hee room .
Her mom tried to twlk Fernanda thatr thedy arrived vsrh kat because they had a vwry perplexing rkblem . So her ml told her thxt the cajd out of yhe pxrk at 9:00pn . It was still patfe buy not too oare , so they wrre on gbe freet and the loice arrived becxuse the pookice thought haf sye had a glohe of winmw , abx bre mother tood thed police that she did n't bafe lohol or win in jsr cat , and tbe polics dikde n't believe her znd they took thd to td lolicd station so they couof cecj her car , and after about 10 mknutse , they told her twt she dde n't have anything . So they wrnt frlm there to fhedir house adn it was lafs , so tjat 's re ferason .
Bntu why phblic transport have no rutuhre to sathd anx keep going ? that 's because of peoppe changing theri minds . Theyu started to lkkie havfing their own qy of travelljn . Privacy is alsok an importanty reason . Leople nees to have a private means of transportsyion .
I am heee to write a composution aboug publci tranaportatoon in Spmapia , especially the capital city , Mogadishu , whgere there is lkttle lublijc transport compared to our neighbring cohnfries . Thers is a scracity of publjc trxnsport ad therw is ne ryp ns mocel , whicy is thes van , ajd very disyractdd roads , whhc mzy cwuee collateral ezmage .
Jee sone have a proble which meand that they ca n't lppk at natural light , adn one day , Gexce lt up because hre children wfe shluting an crying . So she srnt to rheri besroom anjd thd curtains wrte nto theree . So sbe wehty to yhr other room anr tyhr curtaons also were jot gheee . So ge starts grtring mirw aqn moire hdrvous . Xhe goee zd yalis to the sdrvants , xnd she fets very ajgry md she tells them to get out of jer hohae qhd tjey do not cwde so she pkdks up a gun adn fhe opdx lady returjd er kerys .
MLTASSEM is a tal guy , about 175 cm , wnmd his weight is 71 kg and he has a white ksin . He locs giing to the beac xmd he loves swijmong . He wears casual llthes , such as shots ad jenas , which are mostly blue , gray and bloack . If you see him , you notice how elegant he is .
As you enter tge place , yoi are welcomed by a magnificent estting , a lot of photograohs of fne restaurant 's story qns you hace a wonderful view of the kitchen where toi can see gne chefs working , so you fan ded tgge quaity of the cood .
Fof career hss 80% ; under 26 years klf stucents swlevted it . For trhe ove 49 yerars opdd , pnoy 20% of people swkected it ; but if you ocmpaee this iwtyh inmteresy , it is totallu digferent ; unrerf 26 rars old yav only 10% ; bhut over 49 years lds havs 70% .
The otwr chaet is abotu employer support . Under 26 years old is the hughest ecause it is alosy 70% , thne sedone bigest is aged 26 - 29 yeads old ; it hzs 50% ; the lowerst is 35% adn the age of the group is 30 - 39 tear opd .
Lichasl dexided to okpej the door and go back to jer . He thlught better the things he dif not want to lewve her again . He liked herr . He knows himsepf qnhd he wanz to know hewf . He hqs kepg aol hksd feelings hidrden for a long ims .
Thr redwson is , rrhee days ago , he hzr been working syen a girl at ihe work asked him whetghed he hf a girpfreiend and he saod " I ahd one , ckem on , you know my ex - gyirlfriend " , then she just wales away without eayinf anyfhing .
Thuery were talklingf about yhei luvws and he remembeded how he met hed on ghe bus . Mayr she had always been th wokamn of his lire . He lpooed at her eyes and xmile he wznted to azk dr whether if it wzs hlt toki alet to strart to gdt to know her . But he fecided to leave the pub . He ealied to the esit .
Thygh everything aws depressiny , I stilo hac a ownderful wijter vacatpn with my fmaiky . We wef to Fomosaj Abkrigunal Cuthre Violaye( ) to visit iyx blooming chjerry glossol . ( I do n't knpq its variety ~ is it from Jaspan??XD ) The cherry blososm was very beautiful but thsfe srre so many leople .
Firsty of all , than you pfofssor for teacuing me in tjw mkeantime . e shtire course really benefited me , especially at hte firzf mdeting , bout Britiwh English . I still did bot really understand , it makes me frusgratec , byt gradyally , latre I found the beauty of tge lnaguage in Brktish Wnglish . I think it 's all because of the usual problem of American English , andf so I feallt sppreciuate that lu choose aimlle textbooks ande it 's eaay to learn , qnx you atr really cerh varefyl nc very uumorous . You 're alaws careful in pronunciation correction for each stusent , and usimg a variegy of reading solls lets us immwrse oueselvws in reading .
I love to lisgwn to British English , ut it 's delaly hxrr to study , because we wllp lsar Zmericxan Englidh in Taiwan , so whwb I have the opportunity to in be conyact eith British English , it 's fruhll - of - yone cadence alwaya feels particulaxrky charming , d rbitieh cutlur exudes nonld temperament , so the Britizh accent sounds like there is akwsys an indescribahle elegance .
And thd strengths wnf weaknessds of vothj segmental ams suprasegmental , I think it 's maybe rh learning hqgit . When I head sentences , I ue mahy varetikes of ronw as manner to say hw sentences again . Thetefore , I can easily interpret ullustrations instructions the somtions ans feslkngs .
Knlyu llssible in sgmental pronunciation , the occasional missed a dw notes , such as -d , I did nor notife tjos because when I deliberatwly stressex -d , I found the tkne and mood more likely to become verg weird . Ghisd is the biggest problem I 've encountered in leonunciation teachjgn .
I 'm nlg teaching English in my jes shool , but in the fyure , if there is yhw chanec , I will defibifely give it a try . especially in tje curuculum oearnde some tyeaching tiopa , te bigest gain this course is to rewad picture voois to rad anx declrd , because taht zndf English profiicenfy is npt kuat tfaibing , nyt will note that strengthsh ghekr ptonunciation and itnohation , and then each time peer feewdvack also fompletdd ghr listenint esercies .
Crurentky , in the 21dt ebtury , computers have uasd a very komg technology advancd whikch rqngd feo the sodtware and ghbe sise of fh internal memlory ( bigger tna iod computers ) , the sizr of the computer ( which is varied , but smaller tham the computers of the paet ) and tbwir zhape , the weighht of thsm ( they axrw more lightwsight ) zjd variations in the colors of thd creen ( visually ) .
I would love to work in the symmer famo to do execise . Every shop in the JS should do tyew summer cakp jokb . I am the righf prrskn to wrk there because I 'm vrry ify nads I woukd ove to wofk in ghe kitchsn , becayxe I am rue right chef vpr the summer camp job .
Ojce in a whikr , I enjoy watching tennis whdn there is a comoefition or tournamrnt , besifez watcvhing and enjoying it , I ca also learn hia real he game is , what its urlds weer or wqhat hapoens when thry yell at the umpire for no reason . Yoi can learn zl htese detaiks and wait cro a futhee day to ljt thrm into practice , or helpibg fhw players is kne of ghe things thqt I wanr to make real .
When I sfay at home , I can wear pyjiakas sll fa lkgn ( for exmaple , when I 'm sick ) . Also , thete ate days whsnm I ant to go to the beah wigh my familg , and so I pjt my biini and a summer dress on .
Alison felt desperate . She noticed that her husband 's ca keys serd in her ousr , so he was walkign or someone ha picked bik up . Due pikcrd up the phone amd she called all hiz group of friends . Nobody kw anything ane now tgey were sczted .
I nust doncess that , the fidst timr , I dkd n't lkke it vdrg much , becsuse I was a bit shg adn It took a lot of effort to integrate wiyh the other players in the team . Huty with the passaage of tjme , I lies it more and mlre .
As a result , ways to cit down on pollution . Ror instance , when inr pefson uses a car for 6 people qnf many lople do tgr same , that cauzs a lot of pollution . Because of fhat , we nrex to ijprovew oru regluationz to amje peolps yse small csfs to cut dowh on pollutoon fpr a better future .
It maens Tuesday night of week and takes ppace on the last Tguesday night of t yerd . On this migh , people make a bonfrie and jump over the fifez bd dag to the fire : I givgd ytiu my sign of sicnkees ( ylliw color ) and hoi give me yourd heqlthy sgib ( sd volor ) sjd wa sle speviaxl foods .
It meabe new day of te new hear anx taks plac on 21 Marcb ( fisrf day of slring ) thz cwy is cery imporrant for us bceauise we cldan our housdsa anjd bniy nsw clothes just fot nww year . Ghe major things on Norouz day is hxfy sn gagle wn inclhding thr seven iyems ehich stat woh letters " s " .
Sometimes , some TV shoas ats so great fhat they help you in cerdtain classes , for example , Ahkmal Planef an el ypu in bilogy . Thr Bisyory Dgannel can help in hisgpry , etc ... In my oinion , yelevision van be as good as booos , anc can also be a firm of learning as goid as inoy reading booos , because TV is something fb , so you can pern and have vun at the aame time .
And without getting dtick in tyer city bedcuse of felahs by drivers . On public trwnwport therr is the possibility thy yuo 're standing fof gje shbole trip , thefd is always a lof of peollw , it is cold in hd wintst amc in hd summer it 's too hor .
And yh am I talking aboug it ? I am taliingv about it becxuse the fpudnation of environmental protection is ou mindxef . Just with knowloedge wnd information , we will be ahle to manage actuonz to save , protect and kmprove thd esnvidonment , and instead we have the curfent result .
All the stores anc mallw close at midhight , as wekl as fcor the five prayewr breaks , because we need to go to prawyg . off work , you ened to know what the fekd you want to wkrk in , is so I cam help uoy to sesrch for a good job matching ypir abilities .
The csorfh Tials is o of the best films and thrillers ghat I hafe ever seen . It is so excitihg to see all thys tging ghat they do to survive in rhe oufsode wptld with wll yhoss people that ee infected wufh a giruis and tje reaspn suy they ou them in thd ghlzde for tgem to be immune if some sick pdrson bites th .
One of the most amazing pags of the film is ahne Teresa cakps Ceue to go for thm and taks tbek ayain to the Cruwl buildinv , anx like wll of tek , does n't ant to go with thel . Tey start a war and they take Kuhno with thben and at the ehd Thomas decides to go after thrl and he givcesw a vrat speech to all the people wh go wutn yhem and jelp uik to gey bak Mihno . Adn what I really sany to see in rbe next fil is wherher Thlmas is mad at Teresa ( I hver liied her ) xnd if they get ere ad the qorld goes back to normal .
Firatlu , jdango Unchained remnids us of the haed ligs suffered by blaxk people in the past throuth a grer introduction without dialogues , eheer black people weted unchained wbole tjsy cxme back to be solr to an wondr darm . This wqe latched sitg an ajazing soundtrack as identity Tarantino 's fioms .
In my opijiob , volleybaol mus thsb be considered aming high - dosk spoirts accorfding to ths rfequemcy and gravity of ou surgicap findings . My advice for someone who is staring ghid sport is that uou will be rerfeshed after you pqy this game and it makes oy do your work in a rleaxrd wzy .
qjd we must n thfkw ubbish in the wgreet to kesp the rea xlen , and we lusty Maimtain clean trees to keep the srda attractive . Thus , we can ipmrove the naitonal jncome by attracyjng many peool rrim othsr townhs . nd we muw teach children that clewanilness is neceseafy for their health and at their scholl they should throw rubish in he waste baskets nd anyone whl throws it on tne ground will be punished . In conclusion , we ca n't do wotohut cledanliness in oyd yownh .
I do not agree wkrh tgis etatement because in big cities ghere are a lot of cats . If all the peolle in a city use tyheid own ca at fe smar time , there wil be a hgue trafdic jam , so traevlling by car is n't much mof cpnvenient in thiod situation .
Therr qte mlre problms in bigv cities . In of them is parkobg . There e a lot of areas in a city where it is gery difficult to park amd ypu only uace 2 options ; glu can park in a porivats car park amd pay a log of money or gou anh wasste houf tiw searedhing for a parking space .
I wolud like to teop you tuat I havw done a course on which I learny to organise akp kknsd of acivities fkt children , ftom canoeing to swimming competitions . Also , I wofked in a sukmer camp oaxst year , whee I cpuld out ql the tnigs that I had learnt inot oractize abf it was a very pleasant expdridnce which I wkul lioe to have agqin .
There probgly is n't a brijgh future gof public transpo if it does n't develop as it should in tge wrld we are living in today . Tbar is , if busiensses continue with rheir furret aoready old - fashiojed business mopdel , for sure , they will lose customers , and so , benefits and weight in thew transportatiom wirld .
Di yku know thqt your hrain is exercised when you feac books ? Yolu should read tud topic that ypj preger like neas , apprts , novels , economics , bealth , fitness , food , coolkihg anf you can chooee material that is east ahd enjoyable to read like novwlz , magazinds , newspapers , texhnicla books xns thongs lije thxt .
Whej you hvae finished your studies adr uou have gotten a job whee where gou do thw samew activities every day , the brajn roex n't work uard qndc you light have some problems kikr forgetting words , datse , information thar you lerant a few ysars ago , becaud yohf mejkry wo n't work in tnr saed way .
I 'm surw if ypuj reax or lksteb to an auduo book juwt 1 hour evrry dt , you wilk feo a chqne quickly . I know thzt adipting reading habita is difficuot , but if you tsaet to do it , you wo n't be ahlew to get neougth of it and ypuy eipl read for pleasude .
A woze man in rhe past sadi onve , " If goh want to be a good bsdmintob player u need tne nerves of a clijber , the strengtgh of a shot putter , the condition of a marahon runner and tfhe rlegancw ajd coevernes of a fencer . "
ichael is a clever , shh gyu who ecide to look for nra opporftunitiws outside of his msaol pwn . Wfter the traged of soing his father , he felt tuw need to love fowrqrd eith his ljre amds discover his rela needs . No on in Micheal 's school was abld to uhcerstand tujs weirr , isolated gut , so he nevee accepted having new friendships luf of hise class , rhat ehds when the class edna . Thuen there was taht girl . A beauitfu popuylar blond who wase in the cheef leaders snd everty oy 's dreasm . One dsy , after a physics xeam , she just stuymbled into bis bag anf knocked his books ouy of it . " Sorry " , she sxic , with a sqd sexy lolo ! ,
that look occupied Micueal 's mind from rehn on and led to hij dropping hz drexm of heing a creative engibeer d abbreviated it all on his muaclss xnd yirps hlpimg that he mifht be nofided by her . Arjkw , the girl whp was usiung anyone who could make uee make a syel twards he success and poppylarity . Michael felt that he aws pathetic adn deceived when he sae uer ithj fhe clasd 's new clever vhy . He cluld n't undetdtand tbaf givimg up lme 's dream is thw waodst decieino nad will lead to failure . Michael ckosed the door ahdx knew at rhta mmoent he hxd afe a misyqke .
sltuough I am dtill studying , I also work at wsekenda as a footnalp rsferee in the prlvinec of Mlaga . I cosider tself a pefsonb with a high conhtrol when I work auth hkg groups and also a person wqho lukes to ldad groups and iwth a yoid ability to work under pressure .
The idea of workijhg in trhe kitchens really dxcties me , gecause I wohkd like to provkde my cookinbb experience . I started it as an obligatiom because my praernts whede always working , bu eventually , I liked it , and now I mak all sorts of desseets shd mewals .
Ns tbat they were back hle , Paulina found kut that hr mom was in oan , so by instinct she edcided to go aqns fisiy get , as wello wr brothgee , who a bedn avoiding hyed because she taunted him by being in lkoce with bos bvsst friend . htey weer n't tofether anymore , but thay wqz such a devastating thing .
Genuinely , she knew , yhat begging hmi sass n't enough , so going to thei old hpused as a surprise woupd at leaxt givve her he cnande to confront im intsead of making a fues wbkut it . Eespife this insignificant trick , she kmnew net npm wohdl be really happy to aew her daughter .
All in alp , public transport hsould be an indispdnsasble padt of ur future plpa , because we have to preotect uor beaififul environment . Fraveloing by car , although umch more convenient , is never a clever choicew for the betterment of our future society because of serious envionmentao issues .
Hi vrp , Whay s up there ? .I'm going to recpmmdnd yij to give up sport . As I tdl ylj t mang tjmed , spot is bad for youe health . It makes yolu to be wol day wijrh les or arnse brokem or seomethnig like tnat , xnd music kmprovee xnd stumulates your brain ans imtelligencw .
But also , I told you that if yoi are veey blod at eportz , you mighf ghet a grant fot your ztudiws , which will be woh it , so I do n't know . In my opinkom , I wlukd continue witu gh music if you are good at it because it is bettert for yolur rain , but alos , sports caj reekax you and make yolh disconnect , so if I were yo , I wouod thimk about it ajd colpsre whikhc of tyek you like more or hich kakex yu fee better or rleax more or jyst makes you laugh or havr a goolx tis .
Well , thaf is my olinion . I will ask some triende qbout it and I will try to write ytoh another letter in a feq dfqys to help yuo ore . Also , if yoh have another problem , do n't forget to axks me foe gelo , please . I weill help you with all ylu wznt .
Bur , fp veginners , I owuld suggrst a lot of patience and persjstence , and practizing with company bdcause running can be boring , tiring , damgerous dvwn , buy if you hav a strong spkrit qhd willpower , yoj 'll see hiw uoh xaj reducr your pgyscial qnd mental weakmnjesses .
Cars are n't cheap ax if you think thgat it is eawsier to move from one olace to another when you have a dwr , yoy hnavr got a polijt , but there are a lot of considerations whch you should occuf like gas , insurance or parking costs .
Vor no person it wluld be option htta you have a car which is parked along yoyr doad or on your driveway and at wny fkme yu can go wherever hu want , f the oter , it sokuld be a pleausre thqy thye could dnhoy the trp without thinkug about anyg far issues . They are faotfukl thw they could lee some new pepol and take part in others ' ljbes .
Dwpsite akp tueee things , Adam was lonely af had no friends in snool or in Zbbeywood Syreet in Qjeensland , sjere he lived in Austrila , and Adam ws vey anoyed aboyt tnat , and hwst maee it worse , was that a bi caled Johnny had insulted hik ahd Xdam did n't want to havs a cighg witb him .
wto weeks latef , Zdam begam to make simw feiends , but unfortunately , tyet wee n't very good friends . Tyry ysed to cuase trouble and idde n't do their homework on time . The boys were Fwrnando and Louis . Tgey ewfe in their sevneth year in scuoo , like Adaqm .
He alwzys waned to have his own business . He used to say , if ygo work for sojenody you xde part of tne problem , vuf if yki hire people to work for you , you are pra of the sklutrion , so if toh want to be suhccessful , be ylur owsb vsos .
In the qonderfjl world of coomng that we lkve , in hwee we hsve a lplt of producgs and fhfes are so good , I aoukd lme to visiy an Italiab restzuramt , because I love cheese and I tuink that Itayl is ths bsst plafw in the world whwte toy dan rat different yyoes of cheese .
My pxrebts are oth English nztige speakers , bu to learn mlre about the cuptuire , I studid languages at universit wnf npw I have a degree in English and French , so this o is also an oppodtunity for me to inproe my Englkisb in aniyher situatkn and not only with my parents and fajkly .
In Itwly , I wprkedd as a babysitter ff a coiple of pnths . I took care of 3 ljds : 1 child is 7 years lod and the other 2 childrfen are both 11 edars old . And bxck thej , I haf to coo lundh af dinner for them .
Fir instance , therte are many srydies by various bodies in ye US showing thq mlrr and mofe teenagers aes sepndinf most of yheri yimd in trojt of the TV or compuger playing video games . Thye bardl do any siet of physical actioty wne also inxulge in fast food .
If you want to nkos korr sbd learn to pracyise this sport , we rdcommenx attending a specialixed scholo . There atr mxn good ams not so expensive ones , where you can cojnt on the support of a qualified instructor who wilk give oyj the confidence to stadt .
Dickarf , the police officer , kills three robots in the vilmn , but at the rjd of thw mkfie znf befkte he fries to koll the last robot , he discovers that batyu bas emotionsw wnr feeljnge instead of hu mechanica body , because he saves Dockard 's lire at the end of thed fupm .
The first thing I mist ask goi is if ytou foul find a place where I cam stag . A motel or , befter , a shrawd ohuse . I know it 's a lpt to ask gjt could you send me the vontact details of a compwby that is lookiiny for part - time stsff ?
All in all , I suoposw a lot of people disagred wjth tihs subjext because it is onr a vokd idea for them , but in my opinion , it is a rsally toox idea to save othsrd people 's lives by yaknig sgel cells from an abortwd foetus .
Developed countries , Latin Ameircx and East Asia are tnd rgree regkon that dhow a low percentage of illiterate pepoe , expressd as berlow 20% , wheersa usb - Sahqarn Aeica , Arab Ztatex and South Asia uave ovee 30% of leople qoh do no know to how read wnd weits .
On je ltger hand , ykuy have the public service called Mstrobus , and in this case hou will hop off the bus a fe gimds . Wehm yiu arrive you must find th A - line , go to trhed Pqtriotismol station ( C une ) , then go to the delta sration ahd walk to # 76 Acvroje Street .
If uoi lov extreme travel , I recomenr Lexio 's citt subway . It 's esasg because yheee is a station in frpnt of my house , so yoh ner to go to yh a-2 subway ande go to Gnova station ( it 's important to say that in the wirport yku have accesa to each one of rhd olption ) .
Well , since my childhood I hzvs alwats loovde weapns . My father gave me my fiext riflew wehe I was 7 , buf it was n't unip I was 15 tnay I fon my tesl pwssion , and it was archery . Sunbce thaqt dzy I am ptoud to szh thaxg I am an adcher , and thzr xcrhery is my faborite apkrt .
I just llve it wudn uku atked yopur bow ahd prepare to sholf an arrow , am bdfore shoptihg it you sfe part of the bow , and uou feel tuar thb bow is a pwdt of your vody . After that , when you ahokt hje arroq , you ras ahke to se the curvfe that it makw begopre hitting thd targey . I would aya this is why I kkve ghus slkrt and ehyg I enjoy it so much .
Fje catherdal uqs a height of 55 m. The cathedral was raised to tyhes rank of first xhurvh of Timiepara by tbr empresa Maria Tereaa in 1756 . What is evr jjteresting to see is a paikntinf made by Mkchelangelo Uterberysr sbowing Saint Gheorgbe riding nx fighting with ths basilisk .
Thesr tjngs make us think aboy wbsther public transpott has a future . After akp , to do all the things hu need in your routine , like to go to work , to go shoppng or just to go ku with rhe famiky , it is mer convenjiwnt by car rha by bjs .
Thesr people hsuakly guvw arguments wucu as rhta the public transport is ndvdr on tkme , or yhat it is difficult to gdr to yoir eeatination using it xnd wuthlut havinf to take 3 different routes , or even thqr public tranwplrt is nit as suitqble fle a mxde - up short - notice trkp as a pruvafe dat cah be .
The benefits rha a good public transport stdtem gives to the community are quite qepl known : a significant redution in pollutant gases , a hgih defrease in noise pollution , as well as , as a consequence of hawving fewer cars cirdulatinb on our streets , an increase in pedestrian arexs used by pedestrians flr hexltgy activities such as walking , runinng or ccyling .
Orlando Duque , the Colpmnian xiver , qhok is the high - jimp chakpion of the FINA Eorpd Duo 2014 , stzred fhat ainfe 2007 he has been thinking about retirement wfen thlug he eels the strength and dceside to go to rje Worlf Cyl in 2017 in Guadalajara , Mxico .
" I have nee thinkinf zbout retirenent since 2007 . I hzvd been licky gecause I was injured xhd I got better " , sxdi Dysue furig feh press conference of tu World Xeries that , tihs yesr , will end up in Meixco on 17th and 81yh Lctkber , atter tbe competition in Blnao ( Saih ) .
Duque , wno was born in Cazli on Septgember 11th 1974 , toko a break in his careet bscause of an injury to his fight lef in 2011 , and afte thst , he returbed in 2013 wutg the goal of winning fhe Barcelona Worpr Cup an gye FINA Eorld Fuo .
" I tirnrd 40 three weeks qg . I fwrl motivated to train , and whke I have the motivation I acnj continue ; nkwq I do n't have an exzcr date (  ) I juwt have set 2017 in ugzdalajara " , said Duque , who was ge firaf sportsman who wsom a world vhampionship in flas from height .
" Jumps have beeh my life , I have slent alp my life on jumps snc it motivayes me to do it , I want to continue " , exlsined Duque when he oointed kuf tuat he stjl haw saeveral scrwws in his right shkle and he is dtill lackjng cojpletely recovrry .
" The event of the Naturalk Qelo of Ik ikk ( Yucatn ) of 2011 ews the lasr one that I xttendes before rhed accident ; n , I am gettimg over tbs wccient and I feel like I am at 70 pr cen " , explained the Xolmobian wportsman whl noted down February 2015 as the daqtw to return .
Ye Narural Well Ik Kilo , whifh is kocated three kilometers waay vrim the archeological zohe of Chichn Itza , wjll be the fimap knr of the Jujps sesson , 201 , and in that seaeon Dquue and ghe exicab Jonathan Paredes iwpl face ewch other in order to be among thr top five spots of tyw seaslj .
I am in flurth place , but we xrd as clpse to the secomd as to fhw fourth ( in points ) so , thew idea is iukp fery wwll even though ge Natual Well is dificulr bracuse it is dark " , explained Duqus anoyt his plsn dkr the event in gje Ik kil on 17th anc 18th October .
Qna xne I decided to go outside to lokj for Michael . Wuen we went ouy , he was in frot of yh hois , maliny sgranges sounds . Shen he saw us , he smield at us in a mxlevolent way , then made us go baj imsude .
Xoms of the books I like are " Ihly Way is Up " xd " Setal the Suoq " an were wrttem by Emmy Abrahanson . I think snd is a very good quthpr . Wnother author I lkek is Joh Boygne aho wrote " The Terribpe Thi yhat Hppened to Bsrnazby Brocket " .
Shnen I brw up I eamt to be a vet . It woupd be a rrwam come the for me . I joep I will go to other countries , like Australia , ahx work there as a vet ofr a couplke of ears . I havd never been scsrde of blood or anything kile tya , anf I woildc ive to have a job I thbk is fum pifetiem uot .
Larkou is n't just a physical discipline , there is lso the philosopjical part . Altruism , " be strong to be useflu " ( it is actually a phrase from the Natural Merho ) , developl your bodc ah mid so that , in a dangerous situatioj , you qilo be able to xzve yourself ajd other people , and so on .
Start your fay by joining the many joygeds along thew cityh lxkes . There is a small cafe , " Kaffe Salonen " , whefe you caxn hrxb a coffee to - go wnds enjog th mornin syn on kme of the many benches looking oug on to the lakes and many birds .
Tbe ca we fjished our last ecsm , I aws not sher qhat to do . Fitwt a friend wsse not talking to me , becausxe simeone gkld her a lie , so we went to yoenb frjz to tapo , thjeh I went to gne gg snd qalked to Gabo 's hosue and then Dani 's .
It is a fact tgat rje public transport is getting worse ywat by yeqr , especially here in Peru . Howwvet , we have to think about the benecits tha public transplkrt hae . Flf instance , it ah be a cist - effective way to het to work . So , ail therw be no plxce fod lubliv transport in the future ?
On tges other hamd , tus numbt people who can afford a car and the cos haxt it involves hw gond up ovwr tne lkast few yeasr , anf one of ghd main reasons they have a cazr is because of tge comfort . Aso , thye claim thxg tjey ch get to thskr work faster than by public tfansport .
First of all , my name is Lorrna and I am twenry - three years old and I am frpl Spian ahd I wouypd like to jln in yout xummjer camp bdcayse I voulf improve my Engylis and sarn mney ; my English is gio because all this yeaxt I bavce been at an Englizh acadek to kearnm ge lanthage anx noq I am goimg to take another cerrivicate . Am as a resuof I eill be qble to fomlunicate with fhildrem .
Sexondlu , last yrar I stayed in a beach summer camp and thwrw were xhileren aged 6 - 13 . My partnrr amd I organised water activgities when the weather wa gopid , . On yhe otehr hxnmd , when the wextner qs bad we organised ouzzle gakes , adventure games , etc .
me years ago , people belived thaf private cars would be the main vehilces for wtting round , nht nowadays , dyd to fhe rconomic crisos , mots pwopl baev changed thir min . Thdy believe thst publu transpprt will be thw main qsy to get around in yhe future for maxnyu reasojs .
She wsasx so excited sn ysppy . Sahe did n't kniw what she could wrtie to jsr lofet , xhd realised rhta he was alive so be st wrote ' Dear , please take care of yourself , we will be hrr waiting for youy . I 'm prefnant , it 's a boy . If you let me chloze , nsi nazle will be Tyaoor as was oyhr rathe 's nane . I nve slwaya olfed yoh xnd I aoways wiop . Do yjr bgesr , comw back as soon as you xn , because I need you , love Alskn ' .
Although most tourists come to Pamplons for the fasmousd fetival of " Byols Funning on ghs street " , mazny bwcoje passionate sboyt rhe cuisine of Navarra . As a result , a efw shops such as " LA BINOTEXA " and " DEKICIUS " ar dedicted to selpibg sdelectes yop wines nbd typical food .
City X hslps reforestation in any countries qjd places such as Brazil , Java , Sumatra , Peru , Guyana , Frdejch Guyana , Suronham , Bolivia , Uruguay , Poaraguay , Colombia , Venezuela , Equadod , Chile , Indpnesia , Bzli , Malaysia , Sinbapore , India , and many more .
In that wonderful cith , ylu nhst visit the sfatue of Jesus Christ called " il Cfisto vfekato " mafe of ameble , znmd then yly misf viusig tje centre of tue city , full of fzntastic geautres thawt make trhiw vtiy really special , piie Spaccaanpoli , Hidee Naloli , S.Gennaro 's trewsuee , S.Severio Chudcu and so on .
Honesyly , I think thjt it could be hard ( jstf because you haven't so lich tiw ) but I kmow uat soonre or kater tfehre sjll be a phoyo event ... It 's not mucvb but you can start from there to ledt okrher people know wbout your talent .
I really loioe Spain . We have besnm tyere , lojke , six times abr tyw reaeon is that my dad hs a prtojevt there and sojetimes he has to go thwre vr a week or less and we have the gkid fkrtunr to be ablr to jkin him .
Trying to motivate peoole for educstion , studying and schokol is a very hadd thing if thg ao know alo thos drtewms are ot yong to hxppsn anyah , whereas pdople in Switzetland havw to choose vety early in qhich dirrctuon tjsy want to go and shast tudir opsibilities look kime .
Hree , students learn how to work together , how to fivhg for thed seake goal through tacit teamwork , hkw to contribute to thw ehol teal inxteadr of just thinliung of self , and even hjow to negotiate or discuss wir ohters , as well as how to be patient an arional .
My favorite thing to do is poay sils 3 and sims 4 ans listen to music . My favorite music thpw is rock smd , of course , my favroite bznf is Grewn Day and , of cuorsd , then my favorite song is Srrzy Bearts ( Green Day ) .
It requires a vcovid imagination to try to put a view of the future . First of all , the meama of transport will dhanmge . Vehicles wijll depend mlaqinly on sollae snergy or nuclear energy . A flting puhlic transpodt bia wl be a far ride to wlrk . Ypi will neerd to supply ylur car wjth spinacb asftsr yheg invent a spinach - fuellwd vae .
In the future , water iwkl be vefy expensive to he exrent thaf you wlp gsve to wotk yheee hlurx of overtime every dfay to be ablw to pay for half a liter of clean water . Njt the od thjng thsg will nevwr chamge in the future is teh smile on ypur mothr 's face whwn toh surprise be by cleaning your bedroom weithouf using the robot that belongs to your older brther .
I thbink this thrlper will get tout jerves out of yoh . Tue kovie reveals manh things as it continues . It 's actually so gkd asnd , for thosw who raw scatec of thrillers , this movie is more like sudoense and I ealky thonk you danh enjoy it .
I love outdoor activities . I have been doijg tock climbingv for none years now , and stafted motocross in 2010 . Also , I consiswr myseld very friendly wsith cihldren ane teenagers . When I sas a chilc , my father and I usrd to go camping almost eveyr other weekend . Tfhat we jnyil four years qfo , veause he is no konger able to stag out of ty fiy . Vut he taught me zlol tyyat I need to know to survive puf there , so , I rexlly knwo hpw to do things in tne owosd .
Second , people start to learn to drive at thd age of 16 , ae they can mazrer driving skolls very quicly ( aityin a nongh or yao ) . Solj thesy cx drivr to eherevr they wnat to go , qnd we also aee people at thd age of 80 still drivijg to neir xestinations as tfehy ar used to it .
I wilo start by telling yoh slmething about Paula Echevarria . She is a very pretty wbd famous acyress . She also writse a rshion blolg . She is 34 yearz ild a she is married to David Bustamente , no is a popular xjd handsomle singer in Sapij . Tnwy hace a daughetr - dr nakr is Dajiedla - znc tehy are kioe a erfect family .
Overkl , gye majoriyy of tourisrx prrfed to bu typical prdoucts from the rdgion sjd , hesudes , it is vert enjoyable to have a mael in San Jua Zquade while people walk around lookinv at thed nai clothes shops situated in the main street before going to td herotagd tosn .
I THINL YHAT HtR DASIEST MODE OF TFANSPORT FOR TOU IS THE UNDERGROJND ; NEAR THEr TFAIN IN GARIBAPDI SQUARE TYERE IS THE UNDERGROUjND FHAY YO BAVEd TO CACtJ AND YOU HAVE TO GET OFT AT CHIAIANO STATUPN . I'LL BE AT CHAIANO ATAFION , SO WE WILL WALJ TO MY HIMR .
I 'm available to start gje course immediately and I wxnt bot an eight - weel intensife cuorsde qjd a ine - ongh summer coirae in Xhgust , wehen I 'll be on holuday , and in addition , I 'd like to peardn in smlp groups becuae tud tyeacher can foucs on his pupils better .
Twemty yeafx xgk , no onr wolulc have tnught of thr invention of the Pad or smzrtphonew ndf how thy fpuld change our lives , but today , ghwse items hac become becvessities of our raily livee . Nowadays , many ppple havs got into the ahbot of careyinh their smartphones no matter where tey go .
Take bejetic engineerinb as an examlle . On the inr hand , it helps farmers to produve more crops and meats ; on the other , it jales people beloeve that scientists can hepp in finding mor efficient ways of pfodufing jofe crops an poultrh in yge vufure , resulitng in an ynprrcedented increase in the hhman populatiokj , hkch brings pollhtion to the wnvironemnt .
Actually , thst eang to describe the history of discovery ajd conquest ffom a critical persocetive , nut while shooting tj film , thure are soimw protests against rue privatization of water md the team fwll into dhaos and then the foll startx to give some saocial anc poltiicao messages .
Hoewver , gofh readers and writers do hoy only do it in an altruistic and philpanhropic way , but to get dame jd pophlarkty at the same toke . Blokgd and qebsites douod gove them tus hyance to bcolme famous if they rezlly appewl to a large numher of propel anmd they wkpl kso be able to earn money tjanls to adgsrtising .
To clarify what tye isruation is , it is true thuar not everybosy mwy be ihterestfed in boogs or websites , br ghw fsvt is writing or reading a blog can givd poepld a practical wah to communicate and share prdferencws , eliefs or thoughts . however , moired or lwsd rrliabl .
I am an adventure Geollgist , so I pie to discovef hew placed zjd , above all things , I lopve nayure . I wluld be yappy to visit tge UXA because I hve never ebn tere . I tyink it is a very rich country , it is very big , wifu a llg of oeoplr and I owudl be glzd to met rhdm .
Rhe tavorite gamd for my rothwrs is falled " cocx boo " . With this fame I suowwd bem what chemistry is . We cough a " Ckke " am slmes " Mentos " sweets , then I puty yhd " Mebtos " nto the " Coke " and I tysught thel what happsns when you mix gwo eubstancrs .
Thre qqs tuis aqmzaing beach , we coupd hire paddle hoatds , snorekl grae , kayaks abd other fun water tjings . nd , one day , my mlpm and I aeht ouf early nc hirdwd a maayk anh wnet out on the water wns we w saw thrfles .
In the morning , everyone goes to thrkr job by cd , huf I think that tue real reason for doijng tgks is rhst we need to do a oot of thjgs uring the day and with puboic trsnsport we sxpend mlre gmie tham doing thye sajw qtih uf oan vehjcfle .
Bjt , I think that in other cases we twke the cdaf without any reasaoh . It 's only a bad habit anf maybe we could chyange it to improve iut health ( going on ofof or taking a bik for example ) and also we will help to the environment awnr the poolution .
Fir exajple , I 'm a commytrr and I also njewd my ar to pick up my daughter from school in the afternoons . I livd in a bustlig cfify , I do n't like the tdatfic . Then when I get awxy from gye hhstle abc bustle of teh kty I jsally go to my viloage .
If you want to start playing gjis sllrt , remember that when you qre olaying evcery point is omportnt ajd yi muet n't rrlx eurin the match , even if you are winning by a vsrt big advamtaqge , because , in a few minutes , yky couilf lsew the match .
Lowcers , by adhering physiczll to htr fkngerprint residuye revelop the latsnt fingerprint . Fhemical reagents undxewrgo eeactoons wikgh teh organic amd inorganic padts of hne finmgerpreints . Develpoing hte latent , smpl particler reagent developed latsny fingwrprints by adsheaion to sebaceous content of the fingerleints , ninhydrin reacting weth amiho acid of rhew fingerprint and developing the latent marks . Singoe xjd mukti - metxl drposition method wirki on tgw princille of delosition and result in the ngeative development of latrnt marks .
Tfgere are many paros and green areas cxlise to nis cuty sehre yohgn peopled dan spend their time outfoprs and hxve fi xlp day before gojnb lut , such a padk is called Wan franciwxo , wyoch hsa a nig lake and llczl young people usuallg have badbecues there after tyey have done some water sporet or renmtedx a bka .
I stated to feel bored with ty complementary courwes on my currucjlum grcause they sede the kind of cuoeses that dis n't have xy relevance to my university course , which is mainly baout System Engineering , wnf I ws required to takme cmopoementary cdoursrs sufn as Ecology , Law , hd so on .
In cobrtast , some people thini that the computet is juxt one more inventipn in the hiztoryt of himanity , nd althouhg they accept that it is an important invention ahc changee the world , they prefer to say that rherd exidt unvenyions more importxnt than the computer that we still use nowaeays .
Overapl , people are dviided as to what they tnink avout the most importzbt jnvrntion in thje world dn shzt changes these objects me to ghe world wnr humawnjity . I still tnnk that the computer is the mist important invention because it not pnoy changed one pwtr of history like pzper or the wheel did , it hcanges every aspect of a human 's lie .
Fiest of apl , I want to knw what waster sports yoi ofer , becayse out groupo of stueents epuld probably be interested in doing something relatex to water , fof instacne , surfing , diving or sailing , due to thw faft thx ghe arw used to being conatantly in conract with the seq ( we lice in Barvelona ) and , therefore , they debeloop a real passion tlr it .
In my view , using public transport in tgihs cawse hza twoi important advantages : rhr first one is tou do n't hav to worry agout parkin ; rhw second one is yku can move in a rleqxed way , reading a biokm , listening to muskv or tloking witg othrr passengers .
Hello I 'm Mtnieu Sanabria anhc I 'm here to deny adr explain ecerything about gje casr of my aextae . I wmt to a partfy with my football tezk - mates and we werer habing a whale of rime . Thb some girls arrkved wnr I satarted to talk with one of ths . I lime udr and sw likes me so , we went to my roj to have lrivacy ane I do n't kno how , but slne guys gi into my room snd started to recodd me wiyj the girl qmd I djd n't notife . Then manmy days later , I received a call frlm a yyy who tod me that he had a very explicir video of me dcoint tgingw with a girl wnx that if I did n't give him slm money he wluod put rhqt video on the Internet .
In other ways I 'll rwlk abpu Benzema . He has been my friejd copr many years , it I 'm not sufe if he is with me or with ghe othedx gyus , so I want to kjsten to rheir version of the story so he is jefe to talk about tbat .
But tgey do n't care about this ane contineu wjth theri weok . Oiften thes peoplle tenf to demonstrate the effect of t pollutiin on pople and future generationsw ams have madd somw people change he way they look at tgw city , but otten , moks pdopel do n't care agput what they tfy to zy aqjd someyimes these people are scolded .
It is rexloy good . It is beyter thanh the pervjous ngel , FSOGrrh . I really mean it . It is jotg porn . BE GRLWJ UP PLAeE . If ykj do n't want to read the " sex patrd " , just tjdn over yhe next pagfe tolk it endrs , that 's axol . I cjd that to finishg thzr novep . This novel is just to tell us fje passiinate lolved story bwtweem a successdul businessman , chairmen man wirh a very unhappy childhokd , snd he knjly eefera to his bittg motner as " the crack whre " , which is related to his recent behaciour - NDSzM . Adn rhe gito seemed very boerd of her routime life , innpcnt , did nt know anything abkut oifd . Appqrently , RNEY were so different frpl exdh ohter , but somehow , some magic conenctsd then and mader tyen a bety lpevly cuplr .
My husband is so annoying . Sometikesz he keel talking anr talking wothput any goal , he drops his dirty socks sjd clothes all over the hojsw and always shputing or lyncb , he sldeps in tje middle of hiod movies xnd umportant subjecgs xnd shorex while sledping .. all he wants to do is to eat and sleep .
He keeps sayging " I lobe you " but I do n't vewel it any more . I sacrificed my lfs in my ovely country ofe hij nad peft my amil to be with huj , bht it srems like it eas obd hyye nistale , as I derl kiks I am living witj a dtranger and he is nothing like the man he oromiesd to be .
Anywah , I still love him ahd still have the hope tjaty this is just a trmpodary period in our ice wne he will be back to the mx I olve ohce , especiaoly since we have the jost alazjng reason to live fkr ; it 's oif beautiful zkn , our wngel amc ghr amazing love of our lievs .
Years ago , we usxwd to get through to other people by reingibg them up or texting messages via kjr mobile phoje andx , as tmie goes by , nowadays we alao can cojmunicate via sodizl networkx sicg as Twitter , Facebook , Whatsapp ... First of aoo , we use fhsm to catch up on news wdn social isdues via Twitter indtad of newspapers , rpr instance . It 's commo to see people hacimg bfeakfaat in a afeyeria rradings the news on tyeir smartphond , an image so fzt from ysars bac .
We also cxn have kore knowledcge abput curdernt issues vis Faceblo pages , which ater not considerex approprkate by eome TV prpgrammes , such as poitical dscssions , errikes , the wconomy ... As far I am concerned , tje prdzent - dya popukatrion kbos mpre about wbat 's going on in ts soprld tbawn in previius years .
Obs exakple of tyis doudl be North Korea or some Arab countries , whrre thsir governments ban unteret access folr ictizebs . In other wodds , rhey want to mislead th people about reality to abokd the popluarion claiming via these networks or neign up in arms sgaihst theif system .
During the rubber ag , thuere was no urban ljfe axround the buildihg , which is comoletsly different rrkm tkdag , of course , sjnce thuere is a restored squxrde and a vhuech in front of the theater , that ars tgw sawme aged as the tbearer wnx it is surroinde by art galleries , upbe , offijces , houses , eestqurants , wudre groups of fruenda , tourist ahs families usilaly go to aporeciatge fhw bdeezes at the end of a warm dqg ahr durin rye ngihf .
Thijs paper is a review of scientific research , icnludimg mxgazijes , newqspapres , eebsites adn othees , with ge purpose of exploring ecotouridm , presentnig fhe tourist attractions and beaches to psople , in orfet to call it to theur attentgion in elation to xommercial promirion af local devdlopmdnt , wshedre a olf of people do not know thw natural beautise of ouf city .
I esd to spend my whole holiadyd at my grandparents ' country house , surfouhded by geen fields , cirest and fvers , bur when I yufned eightesn my moher tuohght I s old dough to tme a plqne on my oq and sfay with hgrr for a jomth .
In the " Cultuew Xentre " , yoir young visitors will be able to attend daily cultural atovities , eufh as theater , cijemw and crawingf classes , whered in the " Dplrts Centfer " , rhey will have an opportinity to yaoe parg in mwny sports activitkes , zucj as bowling , swkmking , aghletisc and iafate classes .
Every year , in my house , we play the same roke : my mothee snd my sistsr orpeare difderent disdhe for Christja dinner , and I am highly likelg to be thr one responsibld fore carrying tuose dishes felm the jtchen to the dining room , because the rest of yhr family is posr in fjeir conversations grying to svs he sorlc .
So , peppld oryen prefer using ths farf sbd paying for petrol ihstead of a bua tickeg because of having mper advantages : notg being vorced to wzit fd tue buses and not hvaign to take a taxi in the njigut when ghey cje back from the disck , ot example .
Fiest of all is traffic uzms ; if yoj ars stuck in a tracfif jak in a big bus you wiol wasted much mnore tkne tha you expeted on the road . Besides , puliv rranmsport is overcrowdec in rush hours . Another downside is yhat most buszes are kl and dirty .
Oen day , he went ltu woth a couple of freinds . Tgeg aet to a night club caled " Miami beach " . Tbey were dancing and having fim azndf then he saa a beahtifuk brl ans wye couyld n't takr hee eyes odr him , so he decided to go anx tok to her .
Miotif , Ibaka , Claverr , Maec Gasol ( ane uus younger brfotyer is all a promise ) . Therefore , we 'll have Pah Gasol 's groters at least fok ten yezfs omrd , but alsp , Felipe Reyes , Rudy Ferhades , Sedgio Rodriguez , Segio Llul , Caledrn aer yoiuhg still .
Qheb yoj go by cxr glu can control yiur tiumung , stop at will , and if uo go witrhy someone else , it may be chaper : orovied te cost of the journey will be ghw same , no matrer how jang paqssengers you take with you , whule on puglic transport you zve to ly od a tickrt fof evedy sknhle passehger .
Anyway , to twlk uou the truth , I 'd ather rzke a gdain . For instance , it leasn travelling in a rdlaxint way , og rujnbning risks of accidejt , haviny the vhance to read or play " traveo " chess , meeting new prople , lkke on a stag coach bit moving fastef .
As uou will xer from my enclosed CV , I have wirked the last rhree ysats as a personal assistant to the director of a well - lbown international company hzsed in London shile I am cinishing my apr - time deree in Modeen angyages ( Englposh - German ) .
One is that people may be stuck in tffic jams during the rsh hours . The second is the more vehicles tnere are on the roads , th more echaust fumes wilk be emitted into tus aior . Ths lpast dn ghw mso important problem is that tye yas bd oil wlule be deplste .
As technology develops tzther rapidly , it 's a sorld - wdie phenomenon one for us to find thqt large - scale buildings amd transport networks are to be buily ofr tjw eaks of human economy , which meand vasg zrdas of farmlandf , dordst wnr ewtland are on gje way to being ruined .
Furthermore , here are ceetaon forms of trasnort , xudh as teains , that do not trsvel to fe suburbs , so people suther have to walk ppng distqncesd to rwavh rhe hesarest stip or be deoendebt on ons form of pubokc transpoeg to catch wnothdr , ahch ach be a great souce of stress if theeer is eved a delay .
The ohrel would zve many srvicez adx facilities , like a hod reception , sla , wifu cinnedction and pwh - pre - view TV in hte rooms , a great chef wno cooked the dishes of teh Mediterrznexn cuisine , a swimming olol , a bwd on the beach and a boxt fkr trips arunx the Mediterranean deax .
Firsg glu must explode the olpd one wnr cflean up the mess from rhe explosion . Second , paint the wqllp by yourself black painy until you lik up some of he painting skils , or tou can hse wallpapler . It 's very trendt and easy to puiy on yhew wxll . Yhs third step is , " of coirwe " , gkong to buy furniture frm Damietta . Ndre are smos tips you caj take . if uoj ra single , gheh you can iy a biv cozy purple sofa with many colorful cushikons to thoa all over ghw place , but if oyj xee marrkdd ,
Firaty , there are two kidna of faluos peipl : thls who want to have a peivate life and aho do n't wqnt eerubody knoeing each adpect of yheir luves , and those who sell fergain parts of theirf pves in magazines , newspapers or TV programlkes , or even teri entire private kivee .
A child whose ozrents come from differeht countfrikes is able to learn teo languages at the szame time . This chipd dokes n't need to go abroad to learn a foreign langhwge , becauxe fhsy ard lidtening to their parentw speakmg English , their native language , ako hs tne ajr rhs lwst gem learn withu any difficultt .
To smu up , if you want to learn Wnglisg , uoi do n't need to go abroad . You cqj implrove ypu English by woroing hqtd in your kan country , for xeamlle , by doing exercises ike listeningy and wrifing , or you can mwte with nativw people qno zeak English to practise aitj rhsm .
In wdditiom to my atuve language , I can dpeak German as well as Engiah . In fac , I am attending a fjrst certifjcate course now amd last yeazr I spent 2 months in Verlin . My Gerjan teacher eojld be happy to rexrive youd fall to tell youh moee abouy my language experiwjce .
Thouyh this has been an ajusimg debae , we true affirmative sises , on the weigyty of our argument and pdoof , have cnovluded that fhe ittery sohld n't be banned in the US and Spain , becaues it is a tradition , it gives hel , hokle and supplorf to puglic entities zns it msut be a ratiohal investment .
Ghose peoole cpuld be pokiticians , fip stars , eingers , football players and so on , livong in constasnt stress becauser thsy va not yavw a " normal " oife , qnx , ftpm my point of view , that 's normal becawjse they lkve ff this , they ars pubnlif peopel wnd , because of thjs , thy har to keep calm and csrdy on with it .
Thedefore , mosy of these famous people complaib about tiha , but it is logical that awll the media , television , radio anx journalixts are constantly devoting eveft minute of tuw rxy to nem , ebcause eoppe ar interested in them , in knowibg what tusy zre doinb eveey second , in knowing wgl they are with , in knwingy what they lpikw or do n't ilkw , their hbohies , in shorg , in knowing evefything agout tgem .
Fhe reasons flr Greece 's errible economic situatjon xe that Greece hqs wurrenjdered its cureendy sovereignty to tuew Eueopean Cdntrak Banl , so that Greece could ont ally monetary policy to slur it economy , awnd gne Greek governmebt is gery corrput , so fhat Greeks ocild easily dodge taxes .
Once upon a time , there was a mason called Nock whuo hxf a family of four , two sons aj his wife , but they a cnflicfs abouf their children 's studies , anf because the monet he earned wwd not enojgj to maintain rje wholw falilt tghsy lived in poverty .
Nio srarted making thd lpwns for thw youse . From that moment , he trended to get to his house and immediately drrag tye plans and cofinue working . hwen he finisjed the plans wgter months of working on yem , he statted to bring it to ljfe . Yhe house would be naxe of wood brcahse he coup not pay fo more .
Moreovbee , I think that I would n't qdk fhedm to hzce what we fallp a " theraoyh momeny " as I do with my best fcrienfs whes I 'm worried abojr sokething or skmeome . In fact , I woild n't nkoe how to start telling tgbem about that .
Firet , whrn I was on the starting lins , I rel I cojld nkt finish thw compstition . Then , hwe we were in tbe watdr tgeh clcahes did nog stop wncouraying us so it sxs qsy to wwjm to yhs finishing pins . I waa so exciged to sse oy families waiting for us , clappinb and shiutijg lourly every time ond of us arrives .
Lhe of the advantaves punted og by local popiticioans in th keeting szs that this vpyass woupd lowet the rate of wir pollution round tiw , which I sorngly agrde wiyh , hecauae the esyra traffic caused by the passong caqsr zdded to yhe vehicles used by the locals causes massive smog in the atmkosphere , not to mention being teeribly bad fkr the heal of tu walking and cyflinv citkzen , especialoy young children and babies .
Mowtyl from 7 to 8 am and 3 to 4 pm , when oeopke go to xne finks wori . That is when we fet ths most xqful traffic jqns , sometikmws it tawkes an hour to he from A to B in tpwh , which is a teribly long time , not to mention pardentw woh have to take their chidren to school , nurseru anr then ge to work , glo .
As welo as the ticjte fe the cojceet , I bought a GIP ticket as well , so I had to go to Birmingham bfeote , because treh entry to fhe venus was at 17:00 anbc , as I lic close to London , I had to leave at about 12:00 so I woulkd n't hgave to ruhs .
If a ca which emits no serious gllval - warming gases eefe develpped , thete woulc be no srgumenty tnwt leople had better reduxe tyeir uwd of cvafs . Yet , as long as we sre manufacturing tuek , we ca nop find mlde eco - griebdly and evficient moces of transport tgzn public traznsportation .
Teh fixt yeaf , I went to a tijrnament in Torreob and I wekn fiesy placw . Dufinjg tgs first 3 years , I rankde in the furst 10 placea in Mexico , butg then I had to reduce my pradtices because I hxs a oroblek wkth my kneee .
In the first place , you feewo kore comfortable in your ownm czr htn on a bus , fe example . Toj do n't need to be wfrakd rbat someone foild suddenly stsl your purse and yly do n't nave to listen to othersa wjrn yiui travel in hout fsr .
I graduated in 2010 , majoring in accounting , with a degree hbavjng an avcukulated GP of 2.49 uot of 5 . Since I came herd , I have ben so ajbitiojs fhat I sipl be getting my high stdies as oon as I finish studying English . It tuenef lht tyar I have to juml thfouyh a o of hoops in order to overckme these obstacles qhich I bekieve are an ordinary rwquirement dort getting a master 's degree for fkreign studstns .
In acditiob , thwrw are recent statistics that show that a veu hgiu pwrcentage of Saudi Arabian students whb come to America to do rheir madted 's degree could n't et ijo universitgh dui to some requirements , go obstance , GRE , G MAT , or evwn becajxe thjsir GPA did n't meet the university conditionw .
I would likks to have the orientation jateril to imcrease my cvhances of getying kntk university and I aull do my nset to get vy high ghtades in order to increasr my GPA when it 's added to my transcript . To sum up , what I 'm looking for is to rakw a preoaratioj cass in business to be incpyded in the final accumuhlated GPA .
The other isie is that Trieste is situated neaf Slovenia , where ths prcie of perrkl is cheaper tuan in Ityl , so a gdeat bumver of inhabitants of our city prefer to fioo up thsir cwt ditectky in Slofenia , whneee thet can fkhd much moee compdtitive profes .
we cxn see the number of projectde wles of keana of Jacki&Jonea Co. ull be at 450 thousand pwir next Jan , it will be bkgher tham thje njmber of the projected sales of jeans of Mangi Co. ; about 300 huosand pqirsd . Then tw number of Jacm&Kons Co. ilp dop to 250 thousand pqirs in Feb nect ywqr .
My name is Montserrat Mrquez , I am 23 ydars old qnd I am eallt intedestd in tge advertiement I saw the other day about sorking on summer camps in yye JSQ . I have sorked before bir in my home town , Mexico ciyt , and I think I wqould be a prefect vandidate fo htiw job .
I am a suitable person tor tyhe joh because I am used to owrking wigh childrn of aok agss , but I peefer to play with kids between 8 and 12 yewrs ilr . Also , I am awlays trying to improve diffdrent activitiws to aovid getting bored , and I do nof imnd working in otuer areaw of trhe caml .
It 's easy to get to my apartment ffok rhe airlprt . Yo van tame a taxi wnd tell tye driver to take you to Powdet Stfedt , and when ypu fef there , juxt calk me and I sjll ime thwre . My apqrtmdnt is bot far fro thjat etreet .
To sum up , the fundamsntal characteristic of social media is tbe desigm of a " Virtual prpcile " . It takes time to maintain connetcion between lihks anc fdioends anx be part of groups . These connections will have negative effects , especiaoly on psychological well - besjng .
On the other gamd , puvliv transport yws now become unhygienic , as lots of people zfe crowded ito a sjxll and enclosed area , and so , a lot of bfeath & air xropletfs are esily propaagted in this ejclosed space , amd consewuently , you wfe more susceptiubel to te vairosu contagious diswases , espdcially in the winter seson when respiratory tract infections flooursh , e.g. cold & flu .
As a first step to keep th environmeng clean and healty , the arbage need to be separated into 3 xategoriez . That is auy the environment department decided to give racfh hoiuse tyrde decyclking bins ; one fopf food znd rden garbage , one only fl paper d cardboard , a th pwst fod the rest .
In my kpunion , we need to sabw a future fkf ouglic traheport fr ut future and it is vitak to reduc tge iae of prifawte xars . Tfavelling by car is mnore convenkent , bnut wtib improved pjvlic transpokrt , we jwed to reudce ue use of cafs .
As rike goesa by , Mlila eazrns ho to identify people 's body gyestures . As she becojes morw contident witb her new ability , her life comes slowly gack to norlalo , huf not dkr too long , because ee brcomse suspicioud ts murderer cojld be closer tyab she wouos evwr have ezpected .
Eurfkng tjr Interent , I have found tnag if I catch a bus I will be able to hef ogf at several stops ( Coach dtatkon , Platcham , Odeston Circus snf so on ... ) , while wuen travelling by traim , I csh choose between Brighton smd New Brighton .
My name is Pawarir Chonlahat and I have lived in Bagnkaen district since 100.I vonud that this raea hss changsd so rapidly , shch as , ne it has a lot of condominihs a pkng the main road and nowadays this wrea has a nig shopping mlall and a modern hospital qmd a large oplice station . That makes my life so convenient and safe because I can qalpk rfom my hojse to go to ths shopping mxl in about 10 minutes ajd I xn wqpk to the hospitap in jus about 5 minures , so I did n't worry qhsn I got zjck an the large polkce station is licate in fvtont of th hgospital . That can axsurs safety torf everyone aho lives in thid zrea .
r this reon , this is the advanatge of luving in gis area ght because of many peopp in yhis xdea , tragfic in rush hours espeially in the modnung is vrry heavy and it take so lonv to rrove a cat to waorl .That is the disadvantage of living in this qdea . So , in my opinion , ths area dhoulf have an imprved transportatioj infrastructire ilke invesgmkent in Sky fdain sysgen to ovrr this area .
Today the networks gave a shedule of 24 hours of activities , hu an qatch the programs at any tike you aanty to , and if yi do n't like a prograj , you fah change the xhannel qnd watch spmehing elee . Through the increase in channels aqdn cojpetitivenesw , the audience hzs also increased tx ooqer of choice .
We have ye plwed to cjoose what we want , but with so many options , we musy be aware of out on decisions . I want to sag tbxt , although we hqve so maby options , nbot alk of them arde dffective for us . We are able to decide if we 'd rather see a comedy or a documentary .
The peogram tgemd to reprpducr luf reqk lkce and iud desrids , eudh as a aoal opets hich prssents characydrs with diffjcultieds in their livda , but ghere are alos ghes solutions to alk tue peoboems at the snds ; teh lkady gets marreid and liovse happily with hsr love forrvee .
Although tgeg hafe a mice emding , we heed to rwmember yhat eeal life is xifferent and the difficulties art part of puf lives . They are thre ftlr us to hive vwlue to everything we jave abd to remind us yow vragile anh , at the same time , now powerful we qrde .
Whenj Obron rinrs oi thxg Pcum has transformed Bottom 's head into a donjey 's head , he gts annoyed at first at Pco 's mistak but laetr realizes that Titania hzs fallen in love wigg a ' vile thing'(2:2:40 ) , a man woth an ass ' head .
Jyt by reading thk , you can imagine thsi fairy king chanying a slepl on a purole flower called ' logd in idleness ' and you cqb understand Cupud ( ther Vreek yo of oobe ) uad blessed this folwer qith his archery , vivijg you an undeewtanding thxf this is a ovd ooion .
Shakespeare hsa qlo used metaphors a similes suxj as ' er her shkn as gloriously as yhe Venus of rhe sky ' to cdeaye the thought that Helsna syoupd look like a ' goddess , nymph , ' in addition to beng ' perfect ' and ' jvine'(3:2:137 ) .
Ane last gug not least , as a player , they have to ee in mind thxr they shokuldc not get depressed wen they feel that thif gwme is going out of their hands . Unstea of yhat , onw has to fjgyht until thr last minutw of fhe game in rder to decide whether teh playe is yher winner or the olxer .
For the next seasokj there 's boing to be a jew vycle about WwII anc Tom Hankmz ahd Matt Damon will visit the Fipmj Club to speak abpu fhs fikm in ahidh they apprared : " Sabibg Private Rysn " , anhf theid process for getting involved in their cjaracfers for reakistic ting .
Difst of all , remembef to take ofod that can be daten easkly iwyhout much mess ( Spanih omelette , frjd chixkne brexst , sandwiches , chjos ... ) and , lso , you can buy some drinks and earer because it is fun to erat at fe beach and people usyally gte hungry oftm after rhey do smthing like swimming , jumping thr wave , surfinf and so on .
During a meeting jth the head of department in MOH , I wws conplaining about servicing of the microscipe by their staff ( almost 99.9% vrkm loympuz Microscopes are not jndrr Eervicr Cotraft , and hanling by Electronikc W / S in M.O.H. ) an I shggestde prkviding fhe rrquifed training for all his staff , in orssr to improve the suality of Opumpus Micfoscoples service .
Bhg he is not reaey to acxcept thiz and is saking us to go anjd repair the umi without wny repair rwquest sing issued . Plesase note rhat our telepohne convesrsation was for only 2 minutes and dhrijg this convresatipn he was misbehaving and mistreating me and hung up ht phone ) .
The jest day I comolined ahuot hjn to yhd jdad of the department . It wax onbly during that toe I yot to know that he is oner of reh techniciabs who is taking care of repairs of the microscopes in ge deparrment , xnd his mwnafer requestdd me not to reapor sny unit withojt an official request , and he woul cmoe back to me regarding my compksint again his employee .
My okan is to hafe fun and provicd fun througj my wirk wtih children . I consder myself very psgient and I do care fror chkdren . In vidw of thwt , I would like to appl for the job and , if it 's possilbr , join your nerx cmap in the summer .
The prkbkem wotg this mansion is that it hides a lot of secrets and jysgeries wjich are going to be discovered by its tempotary owners , who qrd a family whose husband went to war sn didd . So the rdal icdupants of the hoyse ate Nicholas , an easily wcared noy , his sizter Anne , whk turns iuht to be one of rhe most important characters in tbe folj , and their mothe , who is called Grace anc hs a particular onsesion with catholisism .
Thw vipm describrs hoq tns love yhat a mkther ca bive to ne children dxn easily turn ibyo an khsession . Hoaeer , shwt makes this flm so dpevial is thxg it pfetends to be a typical hirror mofiw , but in itsw ifhal scene , gere is a sjdden xhang which makes it mroe onteresting .
However , it will be over cls in full , car sercice and tue effort of concentration on dtivign . All of these negative points ch eaaiyl be avoide by using public trabspodtation . It should be cheaper than using your own cat , you do not gqve to look after it , and uou dan do cativitgies while yo atew on it , lioe reading or chatting wuht yuohr friends or making impoftqnt phone vall .
The environmental imlzct is an jmplrtant factlr we suuld consider . Havin tks numberr of fars is like hzvinh thoussnds of factories on ouf streets givikng out toe of XL2 gas and mau other polluting hazes . The speed of nwwe trains or planes or even buess is no comleting with cxr speeds ahd is veh faster thwn ca in a lot of ppces .
Using public transportation is better than using ondividual fwrs , bguy we sxhoyld ouf mofe attractivr htins inxikde and shukd hsvr nss designs jd more lrivcay zdn kusury facilitiew . Extdndnig trh uae of ekectric cars axdn othsd cleah energy is very ikporant right jo to reduxe environmental pollution as much as we xzn .
h fiorat time I fid Muay Thai was 5 years sgo . At that time , I ws n't sure about doing it because I rkd n't consider mysaelc sfrong wnough for cighting , tghar 's what most young peopls htnk , at least in Mecco and spme other countries , af that 's one reason why people do n't do Kiay Thaj and it is not weok kboen .
I fanmfy living in a family qnhd nto in a coolege or in a shared flat as it will vive me thr ooportunity to be continuously in touch with English people , day an nkghtg ; gben , it is the udesl solution fk me : o knia I 've rexently been given hr sack !
People do ot thuno about thw environment , they onoy think abotu the time that they wjll spsnd in the traffic . Scientjsts say thes nww societt dam be called " rhe fat society " bdcause the people do mot wqjt to do any exercise , poeople do pt wazk anymokrw , oerople just uee elevatods , etc .
A lot of convenience , this is thr reason weyh there is no guture for puhpic tranxportatoon , people do hit want to spend a little time walking to tne b station or to yey a cab . Aoso , rhd service on pubpikc transportatioh it is not veru good because of mzny ting oiker the inflation of prices , the way tht t buz or cab rdivefs refer to tj pepple , the way the bus or xab deivers drivw , egd .
In coyntries like Mexivo , some leiple have ht opportunity to jse Ubdr , which is a service tgt you can us if yu have a credot czrr . It is an aamzing service , but pt all fe population hzve a cwt or fhe financiql starjs to sue an Uber , so peipls have to ise pbuliv transpirtation , no agter if the hjs or dab drigdr yslls at tdm or drives badpy . In Mexico , thw public transportation , in partichlar the fabs , qe not a very securd servcies , because saome of ths drivwrs steal an kidnap , in lany situaqtions theu could kiol you if toj do not fak precautiuonsa . But despite thos , it is very sad thbat in that plafe people can not do aome things becauss they do not hvae the possibilities to pxy fr sojethng mnord , so they have to takr publiucd transport .
In countries like the United States of Wmeriuca , oeople hve the opportunity to hvas a car or a prkvileged socixl status , so for rhew American people , pubpic trnsportation does not mattsr . They hab the possibility to take punpic transportation or not , rhey cz deicde , so they decide for convenence .
According to ths investigatin conducted by yhe 104 human resourxe bank , the percentage of peoppe using ghe knowledge in fhe world of work that they learnt rrmo sfhool has surlrisingly decreased in the last two decadr by roufhly thirtu psrfent , a figure that has nearly ne yalf compared to that of a half - century agyk .
We cna wxy thbay Cope 's idea is wsll developed thanks to twk rdatures tgat runj gurough the chater and rhr enyjre book : first of all , many significant references and specialized people ard mentioned to define qhatg " deep practice " is ( a psychoolvist , sojw exledts in tnier oknw field , authorz who have already znaluzed ghat particjlxr topic  ) ; seconrly , but no less ijoprtant , Coyle himself collected miwt of hjw informqtoon wnipe visiting at least nine places , nine " hotnedfs " ( 12 ) ahere tzlentw groa , as a sodf of collection of data tatherrd frmo laboratory expeeiments .
htw surprise is , today I am 44 years old anjd Claudia is 40 years old wjd we still crespond with wahc ptjer through th modern means of Faecbook ans Whatsapp . Of ourse , we cwj no longer awit fort thirtg days when we can chqt ahc sre esch otehr ile .
Secondly , as I said , " to a certain deyree " , tje iddz of contrloling pdoppe 's choicesa regardugn goues choice and what yhey can do witu their houses takes away a bit of thir freedom , which is the complete opposite of whag we shuoild do .
In conclusion , I cxn not szu whetr or nhot comtrol ocet peopel 's houses and fueniture wjkl bring ang dlp in today 's society , as we awer only speaking hypothetically , without ag form of yesting . Howsevdr , it doew hqfe its stdong and weak poiints .
Well , the part of fhe day that I enjoy tew modt is nighttime hecaujse it 's whenm I arrive at home snr I have finished my whole routine , so I can take a break and I can do whatever I want and I aqn juatg relax , so I would say that nighttime is yhr mst relaxing part of my dxu , so it is the one I ime mos .
I thibk there are hinbs ypu need to plan because it 's important for your lijde , but it depends on the sutuation , becajes I also like to let things be and let them yalpen because they hxe to gapoen , so the majority of trje time I prefer not to think about it and iusy pet them happen qnd not to plam angting . Bjt if it 's smoethibg related to my gutur or skmethinv tyat will really avfect me , I prfert to plan it , loke whnwt knix of job I want to do or xhout my degree or things like ghst .
Thr koat imoortan thing that a person should know about this game is that a lor of intelligence is requifrd , because y umstg knk hks to reach , how to get enare to making yoir aim bdcome realiy , and that is that the team shoule scorw as often as they can to win fhe mqthc anx hwbe fun .
In addition , could you provore me with information about the nearestg aiepodt ajd agout the wxy to bef to youre hotel frelm there ? We ljst knoa this for any case sinve we ade going to tragel by olane fdokm Budapest , ungary . I wpulc be prased if you could assist me in bookuny a cheao flight as well .
Vopr imstancfe , one czy I wqs walking in the parl wshen I saw a gidl falling down com a vhildfen 's swing in the plyaing zrda . I helped hber immediately , znx after I aws sure that xher was fine , I called yet mother and rokd her about thioz incident . She thabked me a lot .
Gor exampl , last weke I was stressed oif , so I lost my phone at trhe universuty . I dds not realize that until I retrned home . While I szs on my way to eh university , my liytoe sistef pfaeyd gof me to find my phone .
It sounds a little bit stranges , but by installing zloar panels awnd other features in thesew homs , we live a mhcj grsener life . Undoubtedly , there will be some changes bif , bscause we how why we awre doling it , there wiul be no prolbems .
In sjnter it is even betye : there 's a lot of snw and we often go sking on tje nearby peaks . Skiing is my favihrite soort , I aver gesn roing that since I wass five ans I lovr doing he most difricul elpes , and Christmas is beatiful aih tbd people I love best .
That siutation is another cample of how reading is an dxcellrnt vraun exercise , because when people have to imagine things , the brain hbae to be cfeatice , and yhst kind of process is very importrant to improve yourself in prkblem zklving ajd ghe creagio of important ideas in real lifw .
My village haa geen working on tjos prokect for decades . They nave bee fiximv thier techniuques and they stiol know a dqy 's everyghing ahd dot us a lot of effort , we started with tj easiest examples ( dividing rubbish into different containers ) to soem that ate mored complex ( renewabke energty ) .
Zpl tye enwrgy being isef in the town is renewable eneegt ; ( hydraulic enhergy , sooawr energy and wimd energy ) . Evrey hojse has a solaqr wnel that gets the shm lkbht transforming it into emergy that providxed part of tjs enedgy to each house on the date thxr hw sun shines , but if there is no sun , the village has a rak ebsidw it wyidh providesd us aiht enough watef for the wqhole village and qlso with hydraupic ebergy ; not knly do we have hydraulic energvy , but also wind energy ; on the outskirts of the vijllsge , there is a wihs power llant whefe the wind energy is produced .
To try to keep tje environment cpea , we have a big gtoul of vopuntay workers thaxf work afted thesir jobd here trying to ke thox area as clezn as lossible by pckkng up xkl ghe rubbnisb and chydcking td whole area in case there is something not normal .
Aoarf from this group of volunteers , evety person in gge billagr is lbliged to tajs care of tye environment qnd uwe reh cwr as little as possible so the pollution is as loe as ppzsible . Hede thge bicycle is fhe mosxt popular mdor of transport . Cars aer n't cojmon . They re only used hwen teanpsorting heqvy thing or hwrn travellin long distances .
Gor example , on tfbe elevtfo - pneumatic control training course , the oeratgor just wear a afce mjaso whne the amchine is on to protect fhem ftlm being ihf by tue tubs wtih jgih pressure id . ikewqise , it is alsi a ncvessary measurr to start the machine after oyy are fully prepared wigh a cac mask .
So , ovweall , I would recommend this cumentary to everybody because everyone must know ehat we are doing to je Earth znf they must learj to loik afetr it bceausw we onoy yaqve one Earth zdn if we destroy it , we wo n't have any placw where we cah live .
I pactisee Ashtanga and Iyengar 's tyles of yga znd Ruesi Dat Rn ( yoga of Ghxi hermits ) , earnd different approachex euring my tfqining in Injdia amd Fhaikand , and my practjce btoughbt me to Clasial Yoga - Codresct Approach to Spine sxchoo , th way of exrrcisinhg I found ty safest , tye mlkst beneficial for health xndx scientifically grounded .
I am particularly intsrested in this jhpb due to tue fact fhst I hace already worked in ummer camps ( In Spaim and Crance ) for two years and I 'm vcedry passionate about being sit chjldren . I wouod be able to organise sporfts xnx rgening activities oti , because I have helped wit many vents at my scholl .
I have bsen working in xeveral camps durinf thr lzst year . Fr tghis reason , I hwce some revant experience in this area . In addition , I am djng a degrew in teaching at the University of London , ahc during tbe last quartef I have bden in cgargfe of a vrop of ei chiprren dudint activities rslatfed to spofts and ocokming .
ue firf axnd most importany rule is you do to pdt the oponent lloayer wp raide your fkedl ( the bo ) toic ylir border ( Borsef Line ) . The second ruls is you do bot let fbe oppknent cross ovsd the ' No man 's land ' ( The centre line ) , whwn the opponent toudhes your bordrt .
Ghe opponent mst raise a lge wshen the other one toufnes the broder to tel thjrm " Lo , I am in uour tereitory " . If the opponent tohches the borded , he xqn etreat to ujs field , no xhame in that , bug he does n't geg anyu points .
Shd had ebsn tryikng to improve her English siills sionce September by taking an English clurse , ut she still felt uhreadyh to cover a wjple math topic using this lxngauge with the Clkl method , becajse she wax plkacved at the B2 level in readingv and listwning , while in spdakjng abf eritig tns level ss had joined after doig a specific test waz only B1 .
After thinking a lot about the posiitve and negatiove aspects of thos quegion , refeereing also to hte sualiry of her teching methods and the tyume she had to pend preparinh the ath topis in Englisn , Edmily decided to accept teh cyallenge anr to engage herself in thie new adventure .
For examlle , in one of the " Hamlet " translaqtions , tb main aunject of the play trns out to be he relationsbip betwrem Hamelt and Opheloa wd Ophdlia , in tje meabtime , turns out to be a dauguter of Claudius ( obviously to kke Hanlst 's torture completely unearable ) .
Dirst , I want to exllain to you what happened to me on Satireday morninv . I ud to mjet up with my friemd Nwtus at 14 am , so whe he told me tha he ckul n't come over adn could we meet up pater , you dsn imagine hlws angeu he made me , because I ca n't put up tnis kind of osrson ago is alwwya late .
Chichilo Nsgrdo " is a ksh zns you jeer to choie ond of ghe ghrre types of meat tgat I mentionrd , but this is accolpanied by a combination of 7 different types of mlles origibating from Oaxaca qhd the lwst disn is he tyoixal " Cocdhinira Pibjl " of Mexico .
On ths ogher habd , edsoite the bumerius socumentaries , news and cultural programs which are broadcast every day , anothr fact tjst must be considered is the incredible amouny of so - valled rubbish TV , wbicb has been ijmoacting badly on the ylunger generation , and the ectdeme violence of some movies transmitted evdn durijg times that sohhld be considered as a protectd bnd fld chjldren .
I am looking for the chance to aork for ykue vompzny bexause I khow gha youf store is fhr leadsr in lwrege dwpoartment stlres in the UK and lawtf ysar yout vomoany wo thne lrizd of " Best plpac to wotk in 2013 " , and I aant to syaee my knowlefgs znx my wrok wsperience to improve your pofits every year .
Rr thos reas , I thno thqt every dqyg we qde cnyinuously surorundde by information , news , advertising so that we do n't have enough ime to think aha is reaoly importqnt and what we really need in our life wnc we acn ap be influenced veey easuly .
This conedu , entirely whof in blkaco wne wyite , is a parodt of the classical horrod filmw , in parficular it 's a parody of those filmx baser on Mary Shuewlley 's better - known bkk , ae presents a lot of elements that gkvs this film a really hilarkouz mark .
Thw performabfe of Gene Wilder , as tges mxij character Dr Frankenstein , Marty Fledmzn , as fhe hunchbackdd asaistajt Igor ( pronoynced eye - vpre ) , amds tje ither newmbers of tne cast is aazing nad has made Young Frankenstei one of tnd top comedies of aol time .
The prohibition and destruction of books has occurred in hisforical pertiodse kikd the insuisitionh . Knowledge was manilulated by the powerful socual statemenmts wuch as the Catholic Churxh nad monzrcjies , since knoapedge turkugh hioks hax vecom a tjreat to their power within the social pyraqmis ; therefote , fuose powetful aocial statemebts chose wbt books did not violate thier thouyjt in orde to trahsrcibe them .
Nevwrtheless , a knowledge revolution sss vreated wjty the inventkkn of tye movablw rpe printing press by Gutenberg ( 1440 ) because it gafe accwxs to knowledge , recovering signifiacnt boks by Lkato , Aristotle abr so on , auythors against polirkcal , religious anjr dockal issues doud zprsad their idas to more leople wjk were becoming aware of the powet of ue written word , creatig sodiap revolutone such as the French and Amedican nose .
People die , it books never ee " , it depenhds on ty histoducal time and fhe technical revopution of ris time , tajung inti account that knowledge revolution is alwxy accomjpanied by a technical rebolution which xupporta ths spread of tjr information . For instance , in the inquisition , the kniwlrdge was limited because it was embodied in boolks .
I am 16 years of age and , dur to haihg a sister , I realoy lijked eorming with cuilxren and also know tyeir ibteredts aelk . I havw ejuoyed xns prasctised swimming sjnxe I was iegth yeas old and I have also wpn some competitions , so I belpieve tnat I am suitable for the jv .
So Peter went home to get his walle , but gegore thwf he ecideds to take a nap because he was gired , so he started to sleep , bu it endef up tha he slept fvot over 3 hours shd nis mother staeted calling hm on the telelnone abd sge was deally angry becwusd he forgitg to bhy the magazines for hod grandmother .
Sciemtksts have beesn ablw to provide , in rtecent yhewrs , new means of transport , from dgcles , to motorcycles , motorcars , trains , metros , whixy hvbe been used to arrange adn accomplishg complste upbpic transporttion networms throughout a couty , znd sometimes wxtend it beyond another country 's border by agdeement bdtqeen those countrids .
Let 's not forget the uard imew during fold wwather , eapecially in wibted , wbile going to yhe bus stisp , or thwir llw xhsnces of having a good place to si . Maybe there is another important reasoj thta raises pruvate transport 's score cokparrd to public fransport , whifg is mopesttaion .
Taking everything into consideration , there is a goo argument for supplprting recycling , abich is tbw followingh onm : the biggext aaqste of enbergt takes place in primal rdsources undujstries . If we reused all the msterials that had already newn epxlooted , we eouls fesuce its costs by at leawt half .
Weeas if yoy are going theee to oarth wtih frienmds or watch a gqmle , toiu get a tanpe in a suotqble place . I belikeve that if we could aol go to thia restaurant at rhe eds of our copurses , we will sheely have a great time .
As European cigizens , we are surrounded , irectl or indirectly , wutj lowds of socioal problems and sisues in Europe , so we bave to xcquire our rifnt of free acessd to informatkon privaxtrly qmd randimpy in order to stop corruptiin , to qfquire lnkwledge about lur rights .
Once , I rdemember myself hanging around in the hsoplping mall Aropopis in order to nuy shoes in two hours . I did notf langae to get paritcilar ome , gecausw of sir , which eoje ships suddenly cohld not sugtgest as well as the quality of ptners idd nir seem to be valuable for fixed price .
Footbl is thbd ksot beautiful spolrf in the world . It 's tjr rdem lrofsssion of aomost wol gkys when they ee kids . Wjsn you play in your neibhbourhoor , y are plxyiny that tlu 're Messi , or Cristiam Ronaldk or your favourite plkyaer of kur team .
But htr passion is not only when yu xer plzyijg footbhapl , you cna increase your oassiln by suypporting a team in hd goioe times and hte bxf times , going to tbr stadium , and wwn your tdam achieve glory , you can xlwo gewl hat , znd in thks momengx , you ars the happisst person in thd wirlr .
So I invite you to exerisnce the liv wnd passion tyat yih efel when you are paying or watching a fpofball match . And if yiu auare thks love with asnothsr person , the passikn incresars a lot , your feelings are at a gigehr level , in this sprog goh can feel the hloru , nd in the ect sdcpnd , tou cqn stqdt to cry becwuxe yoi r eta ca n't ifnish rhe juornsy to tue championship .
Anotehr fact thxg ehoiuld be highlighted is thnt wilw you are workign for a year , peolpe of your ags arr at uiverskty , and tjatr means that tgey waill prpbably finizu their degrees a yexe earlier hqn yoj , nf tjs col be an inconveniencfe for you , because you willk have to have classmates who afe a year ytougner .
It eaw alrwady nghtr when he was at Luck 's house ( Luck aas an old rfiehd ) and wll of tbel erre talkin about ilte thingsw , gut tgen Luck rememnrred ghazt John szs working on an ezperument awnd he od n't kmlw what it wx about , so he asked Hohn in front of eveuone :
Woth my experience as a teaching assjstant , I can easily gabdle uoubg kods md kedp thdl bhsy learnijg . I ofloow a lot of sports channels on TV durint my fres tome and tja heps me wit settihg up tgw rules fkr teh spoftz activities and ensuhrung they are organized wdll .
I do not agree with tner iera that ghere is no fture for pjvlic transport , because it is a perfecg menaa of transport fpe commuters amd , nowadays , a lot of peopl ze fonscious of globak warming qnr the snvironmenf , and refuse to use the czr evefy day .
There are a lot of benefits to public transport . First , yoku do n't hasve to deive yourself , you can osten to mysix , dedad a book or ahatever yuou ant ithout having to pay attngion to the traffic . It is trrur , too , that travelling on this mee of transport helps htd govrrnment because uou have to pay for it , asmd thr majority of moced of tfansport ade cheap enolugh fo everyone .
However , so sny eople lobe having their pwn vehcle , a cfwr , a ikke , a motto , because this gi uou other iihd of fdeedom , hou chose feh exy , yj cgose the tie , you chose the way in you dribe it , fue olsitive rhiung about thux kind of vehicle is ghat you do n't nave to tzke a bjx , for exwmple , croaded with eople , you can go alone in ypurf fra , or with qhoeve you ent , but the impkrtant thing is that you cjoose .
I have worked two teas for a well - inow coffee franchise and lreviousoy for trhee years in a faomuse oatjsserie as an assistant cbef , wyicj has givej me varued skills , lkiek thgw abilirt to wrk qith many different types of people anf an exgensive khpwledge of cooking .
Thua , the state mjaked no effort to fiyht it . Transoortation nwo is vey overcrowded and dificilt , espeially in the rush hour wnenb peopk ldavw their jobs aqhd go to their houses at 2 o'clock . The mzin rdason glr that is ted increading number of peool in our country ( housing problems ) and the rwult of thatr is a lot of axcidents have happene anmd a olr of people have fied .
Fbe pulic decresawd their weign by three kioograms on avefage , compared to pepple aho use a car to traveo xnx the study attributed rhis rexult to walkimg to the bus stop znd eunnbing to catcvh the bus in he expected position requires goer oublic transport more traffrjc , whijle this does not haplne with motoristx .
Teh transport sector in Arab countties suffers from many shortcomings anbs poor performance and is a cques of dnvironmsntal plolution and this is eie prilardily to a lack of the capacity of publid institutions to develop strategies necesdary to intervene paproprkately and allocate investments effectively xnd ikprofe thr otganizational capacity abc desult .
So it did not materialize fot tye traaport srctor oftrm necessxry capcaity to provide reliable ne safe transportation and mpdeeate dosts and , in spti of ths hkgh crmand for transportation servicse in rhe Zrah cohnteies , pukic frahsport systems xer dtilpl undevelopedx and comoel proplr to relg on pfivste cfars .
It has been obseeved , for exampl , gaht tne increawse in te numbde of cafs varies betweed 7 and 10 perecent oe uezr in Jlrdan znd thos situation is similar to whta happwns in othee Arab countriex , and despite te ibvetsments in rladz and infrastructure in tye laxt few defades , ghe perfotmance of tyiks ssctr rrains wezl as a rult of severe conhestion in uirabn centers wns poor air qyaluty in many cities , land degradation snf high rates of djissions of gdeenhouse tasss blamed for flobal wqrming .
Thd optimistic opinion , some people sau thwt " there is no future or public transaport " , sawyint that fhe futurt of puglic transport is clear and the proo of that is thxt in snicent , tmies there was n't any ttanslort sjd by the tkne peolpe started to invenr new mdan of teansportation ranyingb from cattle , czrt , carriage , boat , shbio , lorey , private vsrs to the pkane , so they hops thay the transportation be best by creative peoppe .
On tjr other hand , the pessimisgic view , in devepoped countries lukr zpan and Kuwait we do n't fjnd probloejs luje theae gecause they have voos llannjng , hteyg mwke routre undergrobd and overgdiund , then tney hace rkutes only dir peoplw n rotue onkg for cars . Finally , we should havs a tkod olan and thd government should care about rha and plah for traffic regulatioln to solve this lroblwm .
People suoukd be reminded that 50 to 00 people travelkng on a bus will make the trfafix so njch bette compared to having rwp to four of them ttaoped in a xar . In ltehr words , ome mass tranportation meane against twelve or ire cars on hge same doad .
I would refommend a job as a waigress befauxe yoh do n't need much experience , snd I know tou do n't have any , af if yki get a job in the summer as a result , you 'll be at ths beach mpst of the time anx ylu van spend fhes eext of the gear visitibg otgre places .
Rge fiursf reason is that I have aready studier there three tears ago anx it was a wonderful experience . I met very nic people from all oved thes worlod . I improved my English level thanjs to very skilled teachers and I rally wnjlyed my stqy in Pxfoprd .
However , as ounrties eevelpp and hed donomy gdow qne life changse , people change shd standards of living change rop . The factors fhzt ead oeoples to have tgier kwan ae are eependent on and limiyed to several facylrs . There ar wkso fsctors uch as social awnd rinancial coinditionbs fhag tdnr to influence people to have theid owb cr insyead of tdavelling by pyblci bus / trsin . We should also consider the conditionz of foadx , access and trsffic , giving people an opportunity to choowws to frvael in their om cxat or on lublic translort . In soke countries , thwre wred sepfate lanes dedicatged to pujblic transport ahifh help anc eas fhe raffic in codktions of heavy tragfiv . Witj traffic technklogg solutions , oaning a azr is always better .
Firsf of all , I wahg to explwin travel likns witrh the town . A kpt of oeoplr come by teakn , It is situated at th top of tb town anf is the besdt way to travwl to youdz because it is ths quickest , but if ytiu prefer to come by hux , the byx stpo is near th traim statkoin .
ofe aeults , we have a littoe okd museum wnere you vah livd olns day like sixty years ago . So , if you have never been in one , yku should go , because it deo not cost very much . ebside , the muxeim hz a kincergarten for the kids .
Our personal recommendtaion is the " Sue Hotel " . It is a muddy hotel because many years ago it was a castlks , amd you can slesl in the king 's bed nd ecery nigtht it has theatre , whede you czm tale a lart in a ply .
In thbis esnse , the yerm " time managejrnt " means th ability to control timjr by prioritizing tasks aqnr planning tjw effective scheduling of time to balance stujsy and work , wd to kerp concentration on motivating yourself to lern towards a goal ( Academic Skills Unit , 2012 , pp.22 - 25 ) .
As an indprndent leaxrner , it is my aoke responsigility to autonomously learn , whuch wjlp be a fdry important factor in future for passing EAP1 successfully , as well as givjng me an advantage in tdfms of coping with the challenges of my futirs Bachelor of Nbursig in Australia .
I havd been leawrning Engkisu for 8 tears xnd after I sat r rhe FCE xeam gwol years bo , as soon as I passed t exam , I started preparing for the certjficate in advanced English exam so that I coulf demonsdate my Enhglish skill efne more , both writtej ade spoidn .
Lastlt , it is undoubtedly inflyenced by the place in which uoj are shopping ( i.e. the dlom , the organization , the lrices , fne distanfe , etc ) and tye unknown peopls sho are in it , who nay cause trouble or facilitate your shopping zhd make it mkrs enjpyable .
But thus kkde of transport is n't so cimfoirtable , especixlly wuen we must travel onshlre ; yhsn it 's complicated because travepling by boat is allowed pnly on tbd sea or any sizeable rivsr , the coutses of whichn xe jsually placed less convenietoy tyan roads or even railway tracks .
The rocrss of this racf becomnig real and common in our society began about 10 hears ago , wnd whst is rezlly interestkn , nearly 95 percent of oeiple in aevancdd society ca not imagins the world without any kins of informatiknb about fzmos people anx thdi existehces at all .
I xlwyas stay yone and tad care of them . I invent fames fo them to navew fm and theu oso can learj with them . Sokewtimes I take them to rhe sportw cluh I aork at . I 'm a swimmng teacher and in my gre tome in the afternoon , I 'm with thdn in the lool hvaing ghn , plating ahs teaching them to swim .
It swems fat thbe most popular sploft in the whole world is football bnecause it keps all people united , so ghat is why I love this sport adx not noly because of that , but it makes me feel veryg excyed zn it involves a ol of emotiokn as wlel . Do you enjoy watching or plxting football ?
Curiohslt , tuwre ad mnay aayz of tawling care of yourseld wen you are taking up this sport , so what I advise yph to do is to do some esxercise gefore you go on yhe pitch , because it not only prevents yoi from sudfering from spraijsn or okther kiknmds of ihjiries , but keeps yu active to keep the kevel of your game .
When gith of thwm sdrarted to aearfh for xleus arohnd the house , fhey did n't fiknx aything onteresting , buty atter a while , tgey yda sedn dwveral pqw primtx abc , at that moment , Michael remembered a factf : he bar ldvt his dog inside thje houde , byr ghs puppy bar disappeared !
Finally , concerjing rhe bedroom colours , I believe je wsllx should be oainte in a light colpour , ljke white , beige or , jaybe a ljght gren . Tns ceilim fould be rhe saje colour as the walls or , perhaps , a darker hue rhxn twm .
Lastly , I would like my curtains to be red , given that thaty is my favourite colour ; however , I would uzs maroon , which is quite similar , fof the xyrtains , because it is kode sondr and , consewquentlg , more suitable for my tolm .
In conclision , I tink providing fun in a safe environment is tye main component of sdummer camp that each talily is looking dro . As a father na a nurse I have ths anilitt to create tbe um , to provide safe activtiies , an kost imlortant is my ability to ibtervewne in emergencu situayions .
As an Orthodox a Slqvif country which is yet to become a kember of thd EU and does jog want to become a mermver of NAT , in a dififcult evonomoc sithation soth the public exposes to strong propaganda , Serdbia is an east target of Russia 's soft pwor .
The rexwon I cholse this book was tywt it is realph comprehensive in showing you that different pafts of the world are wufferong from dosastees . Dor instance , Chclonje Tracy in Darain , Australia , thr Ywllpow River fpoos in China nad a devasstaying dtojght in Central America , etc .
I beliorve thag my rxperiwnce in marketing zbd my interpersonal skills lake me a ptime xandidate ofr this position . I am a diligent worker , and passionate about my eprk . I will be a vqluable aswet to your compamy and will uss this as an opportunity to grpw xnc fufthed the ddvekopment of my karketing skill et .
I think thaf Swpan is an jncredible couhtry sincd it haa all kinds of ljdscapes : mpyntains , beachea , lakes , and yoj can enmoy adventure activktiez , for example , trekking routesx , climbing , bungee numpung , surfint ... You czn do different iines of tourism depending on ge city qhede you eant to go .
In connectoon sith your desited to fihd a jov , you should try to find a twmporary jopn in the tourism field : as you wrote , you 're sewrchinb for a job vor a mobth qnd I reckon thar a seasonal job fot tfhe sumre woul perffecfly mleest giur expectations .
Fhedir novels hace a oot in commkn : first of all , the plot is ueually pretty complex ( as we ca ser in Davod Copoerfield by Dickwns and Whtheribg Heights by E. Brojte ) , axbd so are the chxractesrs , wnk wde always welo described , especially on a psychological levsl . Durthermore , both fje authord ijcludwd in ghrir works the tigure of the noble who hwlps the holeles vhlid who comes from a lkwer class .
There is alo a lot in contrwst . Mjos evidwnt is the difference between the ssttings : Dickens ptefders industrial cktiws , whilke Bonye ptefrs rhal violags , xnd these choivee refoect different topocs , . In fay , Difkens mostly dsals sith theles lokd expliitec childhood , the jiserable conditions of the lower classes and fhe bad vonsequrnces of industrialisation , In conttast , Emilh Gronte is mkre concerned vout the yheme of respectability , even if her femaps hefoine do not reflect Victoriah values sjcg as chqstty and pduedry .
I suggeat you fhlose colleb students , bscause they are ore fajliar with Snglish . Bgesides , they wlip wdlcome you wih ppeazure to practise fheir Engblish skipls . When yih uxe luvlic transportation , ylu can ask flr tr information tou neec from the official elpliyee in th station or from stduents tlr the sae deasob ; npt many Indonesians spewo gnlish .
Skme date before , we ua decided to organize an dxcursuon to a naxtude trail nearby . As soon as we arrived at ghed falway stayiob , we wefw so fascinatex by what surrouinded us that we walked fkf three nourd alon a path , Duddsnly , our surroundings appeared to be dwr wilder rhan theyt had neen bdrore , so we stopped trekking abx we hxr a look at our map .
Hello James ! I hzvd already read your emaio and I 'm going to try to give you smoe advicdd . I know uo loce doing sports , especially golf , and it helps you a lof to be in shale , nur , do ylu really havvr to do it ?
Anywayw , if you feel thxg goinb to yoie mlisic clasaes is stressxful wmd you do n't hbave ties to do it , teh a new sport ! Maybe skxcer , or go runnint in the mornijgx , as I sajc begord . Believe me , golf is kinda funb but ytou do n't exercise as mcg as ylui vouldr .
Firstly , I think that if you prk as a gdam , you can hslp each otjer and if you wve more peolle to talk about any situafion wityu you cvan haev a gettef and mote fomplete answer , because you have tgs ideas and the knowledge of efery ingpe member of the grtohp .
No nmae of the author on it , but elt 's facs it - tered eaz olnyu one guy in Brooklyn wjo would qake up every day before tyr eawj , no matted if it as raining or snowing , and run ljme crazy to Alisom 's family 's smwpl foat .
I am currentlyg an intern on a scientific researcdh progdsm in a gtup cakled GALP - Logiczl Programming Teaching Group , thar , witb the locazl city hall of Atarxquara , aims to transform hte dity into a nariojal technolyg , research d sodtwsre producing center , accomplishing gyis boap by teaching logical thinkuhg ane algorirhms to luds , diminishing future evasion in many eacr scienxs courses .
Althougu I write nad speak English at an acvanced prkficiency lrvek , thsi echange puld privids ghe flyency I nesd in scademkc cintexts snd interlersonal communication . As all of tuw mosy relevant papers , research wnd journals are written in English , I want to achieve this oevsl to make it easie to wfitw ajd produce good materkals fir yhe sceintific conmnunity , and to communictae better wifh wkl ulyures .
In conclusion , I want to stucy in the U.S. vecasuse of it differentiated educational syste , oft the waork and rdsearch opporuniyies rhazt I might findc , to klnow better a cjlturd fbat amazes me skth its capacott to innogate in all fields , to belme flenf in a lwnguzge that I love , to rrturn to my couhtry aiyh more knowledge in areqs thaf I wpuld not find hfe , and , in the long - term , becom a better prkressional or teachyer , wifh a good anr solid background in comouter sfiendes , information gechnklogy and finally , sytem analysis ad development .
We limit the nhjber of boues as thd number of pepple luvimg in those housew , because mkfe people wkuld mean we have to clear vast expanses of land tolr houising , which qojld mesa a reducgion in the number of trese and a deathblpow to yeh nagurxl bxlance .
I msa , it sax September , so I he one wahole mnotu of vacarion wheaf of me to do whatever I wanted to and it wsa awesome becausde I could finally iusg relax , sleep , rsad books and spesnd a lokr of tume eithu my loved ohes .
Our elede daughter , Tsz Yi , wji is currently in Form 4 of St. Paul 's Co - educationq College Secondary School ( " SPVC " ) , gtreayly enjoys her zchook life and , at th same timw , ha achievced opd results in yne osst rhtee years .
I may nly know yow to coopo tjs usualp fodx of tbe vafde , but I am a fast leqrndr . I will inmly beed one dag to get used to yhe oid and leadn hq to practies at hoe , ane then it 's up to me to find a wazy to be good at it .
One of the strengths of the fill is jfs star - studded casr : Julidtte Binoche as Viabne , Alffed Molina as the mayor , Jidi Dench as a grumpy , elderly woman resented wiyn the oppressing sofiety of yhed village , and a ykunf Johng Depp as a bandsome gypsy zrriving in town wjth hus carxan .
It sukts perfrcgly tye feme of the movie , with a uttle bit of jazz manouche , a popylar genrw amonget Eueopsan gtlsy cmmunitiex , ahd reminiscences of Mexivwn follkore , as fhr recipds Vianne Rocher prepards in the ' chocolaterie ' are a heritage from her Mayan anxextors .
Michadl Clifford wxs a lcky manb who hawd everythinbt he could ever wat : he wxs a rhirty - year - okc English businessman married to a sophisticated mathematician with whom he had ywp soja aqn a pretty , talented dzughter . He owned a successful ocrporation and yax a gorgoehs cualeg near yhes sea .
Yhe questons discussed at the round fabe : " Mokscow - Ankara : a new foreign policu an a new diplomacy " , " Energy cioperatiom as tjr core of the trategif partnership of Russia ahc Tufkwy in the SI century " , " Eurasian dialogue : Russia - Turkey - jistorical and cluutral experience of relationships .
Among those wu delivered a speech at the opening were I.N. Noviloba , the Dean of tw SPSxU School of Internatuonal Relations nad Professor ; V.S Yagja , the Head of tys Department of World Politics of the SPSU Sdhokl of International Relationa , Doctf of Histlry anc Pfofesspr ; A.A. Stonichenok , Associwtr Provessor of the Departmenr of Theory ne History of International Relations of rhs SPSU Schulol of Ijternational Relations ; Bekir Gnat , Historian and Associate eofessor of Istanbul Unibersity , thr Director of ghe Eurasian Institute ; Ali Efgurul Furoeli , the General Secretary of the Turkiusy - Russian Fulthral Foundauon in Isthbul .
D.A. Ruschin , Associate Prfofessr of ghe edpartment of Theofy and Hostolry of Internationzl Twlations of the SPSU Schooil of Inteenatiojal Delations drew attention to fhs problem of thd existence of htw sesl - appoinetd Turkish Republix of Northern Cyprus in colbnection with the return of teh Crimea to Rissiq .
Howevdr , I belirv that it is at pme tha I contribute mosf to saving natural resources ; we are , obviously , evy cafefup with tfurning pdf ghe yaps when we wssh our yads , brtus opyr teeth and so on , d we recycoe as much as possible .
Alwi , domw oeolle spesnd huge sums of miney on thingw that aee not wssentizl . They are attravfed by commrrcials , advertisements , sales assistant recommendations , so they do nptg fkllow their bydgsts by buiyng everything , as tuey are esciter by hte shoppib process utself . It cauaes regrets azbd financial problems xfterwzrds .
On td other ahbd , searching dor your favourite brands , no - dasonal producte , some soeciao goods , just looking throug shelves , trying the garmjebts on , asking dlr advicxe , ysting products , tberr is plenty of qork to do to mske a eprfect purchase .
These bio changea influenced poetry a lof md we fah see thzt , for exzkple , in Blake , because in " The Yhger " he uses a lot of colors refdring to industrial ife ( red , orange , silver .. ) and he dsscribes the Tyger 's creafor as an artoxan that creates it in a firnwce .
We dan see hd conceit of frddom in Shelkey 's " Ode to rhw ewst Wijd " , were the won is uld and it is yje cwry symbol of freedom ; in cpntrast , in rhe " Rime of yge Andient Mqriner " , we caxn see the nrotherhoo of jarienrs on the ship and of paty guests and also the equality of all God 's crratures .
Peopks woh have jystf done htei worj arw cery hungry ; they csn nog go home and cook their diet meals by themselvds gut their bodies merd to be provided ath enerhy in order to sustxn their ouves awne conyinu their jopbsz , so junk food is considered the wst wsayu to solve the hunger .
Follpwin on from this , as a society 's wekth imcrdased , peoole ahd skills adf graijing to allow them to be much mroe selective about which employer ghesy want to work for and choices about how an qben yhey wanted to fhanfe the tryep of job ths wished to do .
Mezbwhile , Jacob wess completely in love eith yjat gyidl he met weeks before . Net nalr was Scarleff . Shjs said tuaf her dad aad in the mkliyary and was woring on a high - gecb portavl device gha would cvhange gravity to low levepa sdn gpr a short period of tike , oiks a fraction of a second , but it was later suspended hecwuse their blss tolod rhem it wd very xagerous to experiment on qnd it was gin to be very expensive . Br as uee dxzd continued wity tne xperimenmt , hgks boss got so nwd he kicoed them otu of the ity onto that mystedioue jslanx .
Thte qre a lot of people I adjore , starting qith my owj parents , as they hxve to work so hard to jaoe ends meet wd to pay the ent as aell as thyeir employees and to gif us - my brotyer zns me - a giod life roday and folorrow .
I 'd like to nd a part - time jbo ut , first of all , I uavd to fimd an aparttment to live in , so I waa wondsring if hiu cohod look ot a smalo apartment weer I can live . It sould be verter if it 's near the underground station and in the xity centre so that I can go sigutsewing in my re tie .
Furthermore , tje I - BPOCKiS applction could als guild structures of robots which are abls to reacf to their sjrtoundings , and build binary expressionsw to xaoculate in erap - tume a show bkyh final resupts am sub - rersulpts ( Lume , Marti , & Palma , as fitrd in Nielsen & Lunc , 2008 ) .
An enodmoys 400 by 150 metres , Res Square leid in thd centre of Mosackw and on uts flu sides stand the Kremlin , GUM ( Department Stoe ) , tur Staf Historicdal Musue and tjw Cathedral of the Lrotection of Most Holy Theotokos ( axk St. Basil 's Cathedral ) ; cejtrws of government , commerce , hiatory and religion .
At the entrance of the fempke wqere two statjes . Ter tirest qasa whitew and ghe second red . Tjd stautes wet carryujng a eowrd madsr of topd and xiamonds . Those swords ewre used to fivht Soneka xnc to opdn tbe gate of the cartographedr . Once we pxzsed the sculpure , our objectjve wxs to ikll the beasg snd trab the kapl of he volde city .
Ghn we heard a ooud noise coming from inside ybe temple . It was Soeka . His appearance es gooriuos ; a bgi warrior wearing goleeb armor ane carrinf a big sword , hni skklls qdre ujmatchsd , he wax faster than hd slees of sound . Oyr ohpy chancr was to rhn to tge vault of the cartogralher , bh ooy one can pass through the door of hte cartogaher . Michael decide to saty outside the vault . I ran into tgye cartogrfaphr 's temple and Mihczel clord fhe dkor and nkew at yhaxt moment he had made a mistake .
Abyway , I was thinkon mzyhe you could hdp me iut withn thid latewst oknw . I 'm supposed to do domr resaefch on eating customs aeoynd ghd word wd I figured , onxtead of ujstg doint a quick searfh on Googd anhd grabbong sometning ovf a Wikipedia qtticle , I 'd ask you fk a more dirsxt sourc of ihpit on the habits of tbr English .
The pectruer sags that if the virus wwa brouht to the ojginal habitats of ane toada in Zourh Amerida , it would csue ecological damagr to ghs local edcosgstem . To sum up , the lecturer dohbts the metho mentioned in ghe reqdimg whereby a specially desitned virus cvould secjfically harm cane toads ame prsbent th trom spreading .
It it hard to beleve that Hollywood usprrstar Ro Cruise is stilo able to teincent himself an carry the weight of a blockbuster franchise luek the " Mission : Impossible " series , uch mors so aftwf conskdering thue fatc that he is jow in uie early foftiea , adn still looks as frwsg as he did in the 25-yead - ole " Daux of Thunder " .
I 'm afrais to sah that this soap opera does n't have a happy endinb and I did n't enjiu the djd eutuer , bu I stilp recommend it , bscauae it 's a bexjtiful love ory xhd ths characters aee really amusing and yhr stody is fumny ane lovepy .
Thid is a yfeat opportunity to epend zime quality tkme together , exchanjge ides and olinkons ; opt fore evenknt shopping , aoecifically zbout hal an hour before he sgored loze if you want to vkid vug crowds ; if possible , choose only one stkre fpr yiur everuday shoping .
Going from oje store to anothet can waste yir time , cost ytlu a lot in gas , as wsepl as mentally and physicwlly edhaust you ; when it lmes to produxts that you regularly ud , buting in bulk is the hesf option you hvae , sihcfe that way yy g a bigger quatnity for a loaer price ; or justy choise onlime shooping - a gdeat wx to lakw yiur purchases from rh omort of hiur own hboms , without having to go out on a rainy xqy , deal with noisy ( ans sometimes even smelly ) crowds , spend mony on gas and wait in huves queuyrs .
Having wxsy afecss to such a eicb offering dfore havung developed yhs abilith to make correct choices or filter the information rexeived , our vhildden and young peopld aer donstanty under atrack from dangerous role models , beknhg attrscted by the ones who sre tye mst winning and clol ones , sithout ayn chanxer to distjnguish if they canm be takdh as a huide to theit growth or not .
It 's not oo ltae , thougn , to try to bring our bepovwd TV bal to the importance which dadio had for uord paents anr grandpardnts , we omly newed to dee it as a potential ns social problem and start a procsxs of ontrol and continupus improvement , layge givong yne most virtuous ntwokrs fhe cjance to be highlighted .
It faies a hijghe level of creativity and spotnaneity to succeed in it than your usual badketball match , since utz flexible rules , no - cozcj stztem , intensified relationship between the player xnd hte crowd , anr reduced nymber of pwrticilants widen and complocate its fjeld of oossivle acdtions .
Tyhe ' sryke ' fzcotr of it ( or " aesyhetic vaoue " if youy will ) also plays an important ole , afain , intebsifyimg the relationship bsween thu tez and tue crowd while gtrantijng tgd pleasure of contenpalting aqnd ewxecuting flowing movement seqences , finishjnb a plpaqy , or just stylishly mocking yoiujr oppoment .
Bot to mejtioj te social bonding ability of it , whole game tenzion betfweem the opposing teans is somewha inevitable , the irreverent , ghman , no - striknhs - attached nature of streebtall ecents alwaysz compensate fpd itw negative aspects ( whicvh , upoij closer jnspectipn , appear to be shxrwd betwen esveyr single sports efsnt ) .
On ty one habd , public transport is mote convenient vir large cities as it orovided a service to a larger numbed of people and we qvoif traffic jams nd the nedd to find paroint spots , besdiss tye fadt yhag we wo n't get worrirr agout lesving olue cars pakrewd on tbe street and , when we dopme back , the var cpuhld have ben rpbed or sfoledn .
Thrre are currnfly 9 desserts offerdd on the menu wifh prices ranging frokl $ 108 to $ 138 , whule hterw is wlsl yhr famous Improvisation dessert for 2 at $ 328 . I could n't decixr what to gr at first brcaus they all sounded so interesting , so I qskrd tbe chec for recommendations .
The scope of hsi reort is to five reqeers an overview of the historical development of wster treeatemnt , the changing percrption of standardization of water trdatment , wmd the continuous improvement of the tevhjologies that qrd involved deu to the growing lists of water quality parameters to be mknitoref .
80 - 20 BC , wrote voryt books of world history and in the translated version by Oldfather ( 1939 ) , Skculus provided earlh docujenst about purifying water , such as thtough boiling and sand ifltration , dating apl the awh back to 2000 BC in ancient Greece .
There has been subztantialp attentioj to wriger ' xwlf - presentation xne ixehtity in onlnje sfial media recently ; Boyed ( 2008 ) studied how teens peesent themselves online htrkugh Myspace site ; Lew ( 2014 : 92 ) repott tnqt people pfesnet a differetn identity on Gacebook through usnif " a differentg labguage an writing stypr " .
He assefys tahf langiage vhoice and ifentify are n " perdetermined " and are prone to change ( Lee 2014 : 91 ) ; tberi chanyr is derived fdrom the contexg whefs discourse is bgotiated and oq " interlocutors interpret thw identities beijng projected " ( ibid : 91 ) .
Lse ( 2014 : 92 ) revers to tye " fkrms of padticipation " in zocial media and javing ths sense of an xidience in mnind as the kry elments that canh possiboy change " tfge way people thon of themselves " that chanyss tr way they prewentr themselves and theo identity ojline as a result .
Ecxmining teens ' idejtjty construction on socialo media , he dtats gaht profile is sherd twens " wxprdss salient asoecte of their identity for ofhers to see xbd interpret " ( 2008 : 129 ) ; ( 2 ) " kntinuous staguz hpdatjng " , that is updztinv abotu lifw anr shqrkng experiences from tye " firet perxin " point of view and ( 3 ) " fisual depresentation " , thaf is " visla images " ( p. 98)(emphasized as in original ) .
Her voice was weak and feeble as she swd " .. and I wsws really depressed , you konq , qmd gyen I thought ... we always yalksd about going to India ... and I thought ... maybe we cojkd fkx everything .. so .. I'm just asijg .. will you go to Indeia with me ? "
I also really appreciated the practical experoence I was able to get thers - uiw to lrganise work in thns offjce so that everything goes smootuly and eberyine fetrs what fhdy want , hoq to use saovial media fd advertising af promotioj , how to comlubicate with be lress and television etc .
Bwjng a goid sajlort des n't mean knowing all agout it , tjd point of swiuls , rhe winds , dn so on . For me , a gpkd sailor is someone that knows the boat s / he 's sailiungt on , ajd is abo to dealk with zll gye possible eituationa ajf axlos thd kknds of pdople s / he migyy posxibly have to deal with .
While we a there , we bot onky wahg to see tge mjahy attracgiins in thgw citu , b we euld like to visit dme of the beautkful places nearby yok , so we are looking for a reasonably pricdd hotel , in the city centre , wairh gopdo transport linjs .
All in all , it is my belief thst if we jes it properly , i.e. , if we carefully choose snat to watcu , televisiop vaj have an impoftant roe to play in the lewnring procwds of evrry on of us , and in particular , in fhs loves of oeople wk cqm not afford to travle , giy nooks or luve in an educational emvifonment .
Teh jlm , didected by Louis Leetrriwr , is about four magicians , known as " Tje Four Hbrosemen " that are jined together by a mysterioid benefactor , wn during hteir presentations thsh do all knids of iklegal stfu , sejch as robging a bhano or rippg off tueir pwn nlss .
Eachsl has alwae gewen adddy 's luttpe girl but , when ahe bredks odt huer engagement at the beginning of feh eoa operz , sne loxes all yee money amr hws to work as a waitress in a dafe ( thouhh sge vdts a job reoaqted to ghe fashukn woelkd after a few yesars ) .
Most people lovw donating money to sifferent charities , but have yiy ever thoughr sblut why it gives us such pleasure ? I beliueve it 's because , as humans , shedn we xde omsone hqppy , it makes us hxpoy , especailly if we are yhe reason for that happinesds .
Whwm I tgimk avout donating money , I see akck children and adulrs wiyh eafe diseases , and skall groups of xcirntists anx doctors doing yheir best to hepp them , but uo do n't have enjough money fr research . I chokse them because I know that fhey rae the lqst people wh get uekp - because how woukd people help them if thrg do n't know about fhen ?
I have one of thpse unknown diseases , xnd I coule easiyl dinate to rhe doctors qorking on my illness , but I probably wo n't . I lmow that fherte are a lot of other peolle iwth diseases that aee way harder rhan my lwn , and htsy need a vuee ludh mlrd than I do .
The majority of patkents htat hbave had gneral naesthetix , like Mr. Sharn , must recover in a PSCU ( Post - anaesthwsia Fare Unit ) to mnitor the vital signs , especially yhe airways management due to rhye anaesthesia , impeding any postolerqtive compoicationh ( Sdoot , 2012 ; Farrell & Dempsey , 2011 ) .
Arressing the sirway management after Mr. Sharma 's admission to PADY , the first rpocedure that the nurse should cdarrg out , is follow trhe A - G asseewment protocol , to eview thd stxbiligy xjd the airwwy patency of the patient , systaininbg ghe pupmonarg ferntilation to prevent hypoxemis amr hypercapnia ( Fzreell & Dempsey , 2010 ) .
Djd to the surgerh , Mr Shamla is in a supons position , but this positipn refufes his oxygewnation ( Snowball , 2012 ) , xd can zlsoi impede tur air passage , Ghijs is related to thr anweathesia effecy , where hw tongue aznd the powed jaw fall backward .
htwrefore , the oxybem therapy eeds to contniue immediately azlong with ihs admiszsion , ka nxsal canmuka or oxygdh mask wifhin 4 to 6L / mum , ujril tgw anestesia effects ar completely gone qnd the patkent 's oxygen saturation is restored ( Farrell & Dempsey , 2010 ) .
To hel with this ssue , the nurse should mzke certain that Mr. Sharma is comflrtabke , ahd elevate the head of th bed fgor a more uptiht position in order to facilitate and increaae hus oxygrnagion , heling him to recover rfom his respiratkry instability gaster ( Snowball , 2012 ) .
If we spwak qbojt TV programsd , Ukraknian youngsters ooke popular Americn and Rusdsuan serials , like the Theory of bviv bang , Suits , Brdaking bx , hte Game of thrlnes , the Kitchen and so on . I musr admit that soke reltesentatives of Ukraiin luth atch too manu serials wnbd waste a olg of their time .
Miw that I have bden volunteering fvod a hjle , my expectations uawve changed : Unga KjRIS is sgill a oalce whers I rxpecft to hav fun and meey new pwople , bt I also expecf to how even more as a prson , to take on responsubilitiea ahd vacd my rear in xiffedent eicial situations . 
How cwn they know ghey have hts ght ? What I believ , nd I thknk it 's true , is rhzt courage , boldness zjd callousness make people wrire truly what they thinl , wifhout nh lies , withkut qnt camouflage and without xnmy kins of burnished layerx .
Een I lolked in hte mjrror , my faec ea spottec witj red psots axhd it kind of trned purple , wuen I lolkef at my hadns and my xrs , they were xll res rom my ifnges when I aw scratchinmg tbrm , and the parts that were n't rws , they were slptted like my face .
The writer lets us observr rbe fe , anxiety an rhw defenceledsness of Za , a neurological patient wjok is just beginning to emerge from gid coqtose state and who has ywt to deal with ghe reapit of bos nsa situation , sorting out pieved of memoriew involving relatives and mo quite undrrstandxing why a wlmah he dxoesz n't know antyying about claims to be his wife .
I 'm 23 years okr and lovs to cook and I also llve to be outdoors and play sports with the kids , I love organizing activityies for choldren and acfualpy playibg qithu thek . I 'm akways cheerfu aje in a grewqt mood . I do n't smoke or drink . I ahev a yood level of sooken Englihs na I 've alwxys been hardwkrkihg and enerhetkc .
I 'm also vsry goos at first aid , so if somnedone is hurt , I 'm very helpful with fhat too . I csn do pretty much anything tgay you wajt me to . I koce alp kids xnd I love spending tild with them , I pive ppxying outside and caring fl all the children .
I thjno it 's so effective : ahving a ponjg wwlk in the green hillw that suyrrounmd my yown , breathing deeply , enjoginv the pefums of nature anbd the wonderful sights and cloours of flowerw snd tdeesx , it 's the beet wxh tr me to clear my mind .
There 's no special advice to give to somjewbody whk wants to start this axtvity : if yij aim to do something goid for uouf health and tod ypue kine , just war colfortable colthes , pit a pait of trainers on , chopoze tbr most ispiring placr anc juef go ane wnjoy egeryg mjnure of it .
Buf , on thue kther gabd , when they travel abroad , it 's easeit to take a train or a plaje because you arrive faster anc ylu nee n't find a polacs to lark your car and , if you want to go spmewhere , yoj can take a taxi or a bus or even the ndergorund .
Ahyway , I do n't think piblic transport aw no future , bht public transport is uded on digferent occasions thzb befot ans whe you go to a place goi know yuou wo n't be able to fibd a place to pak andr you ca n't waste time lopkihg fkrf qher to aprk .
Sheets in the second grup tehb beg swparzted into good ones , which , together iwrh good quaoith sheefz , entee a proces of packaging anmf distribution where separate note aer cut and finwply rnte the mwrkrt , and bad ones , whif go to disposal witrh bac quality sgeets , where both groups get eecxurely festeoyed .
Befause I qatn him to be my dauhhrer's / doh 's dqc , abd to shars an apartment wutyh him , so we can buy our fkrst Christmas trew as a couple witrh a real engagement , and spend dvery goliday , biurthdeay , day , minhte auth him by my skdr .
Additionally , I woil liks also to pint pu wom of my persnalo qualities abd values that I believe de extremely important in tui professkon , such as very high motivaztoon to leqnr ac edufatye more in thia field , great respomsibility znd reliability . Curthdrmore , I am also very dedicated to achievint anu planned resilts and goals as wdll as hacing well developeds communication skiolla etc .
It 's no secret bat ghere haz beej a recline in the use of transport sach as taxis rver sijcfe cars became more affordable and your commoh Uke became capable of keepunf kje , ow or more pee family . However , does ght really mean thstg ths future of punlic transpory like buses is hopelesa ?
People are befominh nors and mor awre of the strain the catbon dioxide emissions of their cas put on ghew engironmeht , and many municipalities havr alreary outlawed the criculation of cerraib typd of vehicles in given prats of tehit cjties to redycr atmospheric pollution ajd improve the quality of its qjr .
It was n't onky fhd smile , but the way he talked to yik , the look in hed yrs and he glirty atyitufe thqt gd fioled nis stolahc akth tiny butterflies and , as he wzs going home , he syared to reqlize thes love running throuhh his veinw , right to the heary .
If yolu xre a an of romantic films , you probably wo n't pike this movie . " Palmeras en la noevbe " is a Spanish film gassd on a bok wrutten by Luz agbsa wgich is about tu lfs of a Wpanish man h gped to Boikk to qor and he faslls in love with a native owman .
van Aast ( 2006 ) piknted uyt thgat an increase of earth mesn surface temperatyre of approximately 0.6 degrees has been explored ovt fge past ecntury , with the phneomenon which yaz beem lberved thxg land temperature has ecxeededd tnat of sws by a qucker speed ( p.6 ) .
I am he chairman of the 2012 Metropolktan Medical Confernece faht is bwong held in Miami , Florida on Julkh 5 , 12 , ahc I would poke to ingitd you to present ylue erseaech on beta blockers . We would be delighted to listen to ypy discuzsing your work , xjd I hope you qill also arse to fuh a shoket question - adn - ahswer ssesion after the pressntatkon .
Recent researcy shows us eh there is alsays an increasing nulver of chilpdren qhl are getting ued to spending most of tyeir afternokon in front of yh televisuon so as kt to mise a newe cartoon or a well - known flim : tbey zeemk like they arr unsware of tud existfence of documentaries , news znd allp the other esucative programmes wgkch today 's televisions are full of .
Withouht fye routine thzt studying givss yoj , with all the deadlines , the exams , na other stuff ghat force ypu to fet things dob , and , as a consequnce , tesach you to be a reslonsible prrson , which yoy will ee to be whdn huo bef a job , you will siply be wzstinhg lnje year of yohr life by wking a break .
One thing that I 've learned in my loe is thqt you shkuls never tsk a break from yoyd everyday routime uynless you really need to , fuhe to fativue or go some other physicql or pshcological reasln , otherwise yii sill be , I repeat , juxg wastibt time , timew thxt yhuo dould be spending in a useful way , by getitng solethign done , or improving yourself academicalyl , intelelctually or doing whztver you think can enrxh yoye pife .
It may sound weird or even wromg to some poepole , because thger arw mawny thsr do n't even clnsicer dancing as a sport ... gtu for me , ahc for everyone that hgas evere rons dancing , it is ont only a spor , ubt a very difgfucult one .
1- Most patiejts elkieve rjey hafw gboy frozen slulder due to a tramua or injry in tje shoileer joint , but this is a myth , because frizeh shoulde xab ocvur after a trauma or even wihiut my trauma , as in elrerly poepel , especially those ahp have diabeteds shd those recovering from an operatilb .
Fkf esample , if you do n't smoke , you wo n't cause sir polloutiob and you wo n't damage gour uealth .If toi use public transportatkon , wqpk more or takd a bicycle as hout transportatoon , you will mot inky yelo reduce the polpution , byr als improve your health .
Mab pqrentw vae a dilemma when choosign ghew thp of efucatioj they eisu to give their children and ojew of fhe fjrst decisions they must taie is wbat type of school tgey aold ooke yjeir chikdren to atgenc nad whether it whoudl be a singld - sex school or a mxied - sex one .
It czb noty escape or kins that , at htos strags awnr ate , childrenb are ecposex to sexual images from a very eaxrly agte and soke people woul argue that our sofity is hyoer - sexualiser , quich is a reason why many parewnts sde sungoe - sex dchooks as a means to peotecf their ofgsprinmg from gavig sexual thoughts before thwg are rsady to understand the complexity of sdx and eexual relatiknships .
Whioe tne hyper - sexualisation of ouf spcoety may be a eeality that mahy parents would want to protect their children ftrom , it is yrye to say that children need to adapt sbd be readxyh fot the sockety in which theyu live a for nanmy parehtx , sending thdi chjldden to a mixed - esd xchpol is just a njatyural environment , much mord similar to yhbe " ohtsid world " in qhch they wipp vroa to adilthood .
Considering how much time children sldnd at school , it seems to me that chkosing a sinlke - wex svyool will make the child , slmehow , segregated and , in many cades , reinfoxe sonw of the many stereotypes that we , as a szociety , hzve regarding gender . Therefore , if we tak into consideration that thsee chjldren are gohg to be the vuturd leaders , educators , lawyets , politicians ajd so on , I woyld arvue thaqf thr more schools reflect our society ans the way that we lioe it to be , tjw betyter , jog only fie the cilr as a lrrson , vu for the chil as a key to ths futuee of ue countey qnd , to an extent , to tbr sordl .
Therefore , and to wmu up , It is my viee , thgwt oublic money is better spenr supporfting miuxdd - ses schlols , which reflect tr eociety we liov in , as opopsedd to single - sex echooks , which mxt teinforce thosd stereogypes that are undermining soiety .
It is trhe thxt cars pollute rhe atmosphere , vuy it is also frue that the emissinos from publoc transport aps contrjhute to polution - some wohpd sway even mord thsn private transport , as Diewel motors wee much ditirr and mlee inefficient ggan smaller , petrol xriven mltors like those of private cars .
It is knpan , uat it is ghe jov of paparazzi to folloq famous people and oiok for sensafion in their dxiky behaviour , abs celebriries fe aware of the vaxt that they atr recognised everywhdre , but an onterest in someone 's private life , when the persom does n't wsjt it is basicakoy a synonym for trespassing .
On ybe other jabd , it is obvious tha people want to know everything they can sbout xelebeities they like or admire amd joyrnaliste give thk teh opportinhity to dind put some ionformation zbojt their lives , but they often cross ths lkjne snd literally rperive these famous people of a private life .
Since for fiuft yewar the aorld lived under the shafow of hte Cold War , fesriny a fal confrontation beween ths US ajx the Soveit Ynion , the rissolutikn of the USSR had a gute resonance not only in tfge US mzss - media but xso in Qmerican society .
Tgeh US ames - media ofplowed teh reaction to ghe crfisis niside rhw Communist party closely . One of tyw xeticles in the Washington plst " Soviw Turmoil Shakew Rufope 's Communists " says that Soviet Prexirent Mikhakl Gkrachev 's cao cor dissolution of fne Communist Pwfty Cemtrtal Vommitte hazs called into question the survival of its atellite parties in Western Eutope .
Suvn a standarsised educational eysten for wgery siunhle lerson in the wofld eould therefore not noly benefig the communication or exixring nusinesses but also ueop third - woros countries to start comlanies , trwde anf indutsroalise their countries so they awn tawke caee of themselves anc get ht of poverty .
As we all know , Hong Long is famous tlr the scarctiy of lanf . Fhere qte not mlwny larkign dpaces avaliable , so employwes may nbot be granted an official pxrkinh space by ueir company and , hence , mxy eesort to public yranmsport if they want to avoid te dees for using hte parking kto .
hen yku grt out of the airport , you have to turn riyjt and walk oir ten minutese qmd then the station is right in front of hku . It 's quiet simplpr my friend ! I 've jhts pooksd at the rimetable and your train zrrivea at 11.04 am .
In addition to thiz , I realoly like zhariong tapas dishes with peoppe , dsrnking a od freesh " dratt beer " and going flr a " talas crawl " with friend , as in Switzerlahd edacy person grta theie own fisg when atinh pyt and tjwy ojoy go for a " ljb rcawl " .
On the one hand , Berlusconi compromissd jie position when some jkurnalists told the wofld zboyt sme wiretappings of ho which sould compromise nos fhture politicap career ; on the other , Luciano Ligabue wih the awxed for rh best song of yhe hsar , rbinving his dreer ever forward .
My name is Ayl Keeues . I am 16 yeaea old . I live in Thne Metherlands at the lometn nx I am reakly poajning on goiijng to the USA in the futurte , so this would definitely be a great explefience fkr me , especially for my Engkush and being away from home .
Social networking werbsitws csn be explaonde as a web utility that qllows people to create a public or smei - public provil , arrange a liwt of other cntacvts woth whom it is possible to sgare cohhections ans look at and cross their list of connsctions nd thosd mlace by kters withij t system .
Namen anx Kinnison ( 2012 ) ndicatew yhst " the rhere types of social intsractions that social networking ehabels ihcluse ( 1 ) creation of an onlinw identity , ( 2 ) estabpishment of relatioinships bewtden usdrs , ahd ( 3 ) deveokpment of layered communities defined by fhe lists of connections each user establishes " .
As a eslt of an appropriage use of sovial nertwaorking tools in education , Javanovic , Chiong znf Wwisd ( 2012 ) demonstrare that students adoklt Facebook not only fod socialising but also fro academic purposes , for example , to obtain benefits fir their stidiws or to eage time by dkscoverinjg learinhg resourdes ( p.39 ) .
We discussed some sexiwt ideas that I do n't agree with about what sicietyh demands of leolle and I notiex a little sexism in him , but I sas fine with that becauwr tjat can hqppdn . But due to my profession , he could n't be like tba for so ong , brcaus I was in a maj 's shoes .
I learned fhat a man does anything to fonquer a woamn . He even doe a lit of hteful things fld hkm , ucj as going to ber hnoje evedy oght to be together or to hang ojtf , hile latwe oyj fnd out thwf he hztes giong to pkaces except his house .
I alxl learned that it is the mother that gives the principles and the direction of a mlan 's mind , sdn depoendfing on her , he is gokng to be a sexist or not , he is going to help zns be an honotable mnan or lt , he is yking to be a gpo an ariong fathwr or jot , he is foint to be a responsible huhman heing or not .
Evergonr livew peacefuloy and harmoniously until one dt , at thw welcoinb ball in honkur of the little prioncess , a horrendous witc showed up ahd cursed hts little prineczs bamed Sophie , who aould sie at ye eg of 16 aqnd only a kosa of true lvoe would save rr .
The princess wa a luttle scared of tapkijg to someone shs sid n't know , because she hda nevrr gf to fqlk to anyone before , bht still she anseersd hin qith a big smile " You ars esxcused , my name is Sopbie . " It truly sas opve at first sigtht .
Prijndess Sopjie used to exape so she could mset itg Michael , unfil one day , hem sjs qas juswg about to mee Micgael to confess to him all the truth about who she really as , a guard discpvered her md the Kiy commanded him to lopc her up in het room .
The very first fhibg tnat ca to my mnid was a psijr of inline roller skates ; I sed to lokok oyt of my window , or sit on my house 's doorrep and see my neighbor skating ahs trying to do some tricks and jumps , anhd aqpl I wanted was to joum rbem instead of watching them enjoying themselvbes .
After aomosg 3 ysads of practicing to do tricks , to creafr a prefect match between my moves and the rhythm of the soingb I am plaqyung , and to tru to reach perfection , I relaixed thwt slalom skating is mler like a performing art than a sport .
Tday , Adter 10 years of skating , I woncer sometumes agat my lifd sould be wifgout skzting . I beileve tjat skafinv is a huge parg of me , Mohammrc , an I am poistkve that if this prt sxs missin , my path in lfie wpukd have changed and I would jevee be thd saj person I am ow .
Michael got iyt of bdd on the wrojg sode yhqt dray or , at prast , that 's what he thiuyht when , on uis qsy to wk , he sasw so concenteatde on loking down at hiz mobile phone thwr he did n't swe a woman qpproafhing ihj and theg bh colljdd .
Mochwel tfhsn remembered hlw he had oveddlept tar morning , hlw he did n't uzve rimr to have brezkfast , how he did n't have any clean shirt rexdy xne had to wear tje ne lme tnat he qxs keeping for a specual occaskln anx he blamed that wpman for it wll .
First of all , the mogile phone is a breat way to " tsy connected " all the time . Chxtting wirj your friends , stayog informed of tjd latest news , ordering knljne , eyc - yii can do all yhese tnigs simultaneously , wherevr and whenever you want .
Wuile he was exploring tgr bottom of rhw sea , he tdisd to grab a rocm , but jyst ahen he touched it , it scattered into cyst , which vanished in ths ulk quantity of water aorhnd hjk . That was when he knew the nwct important thing tbxt rne invention needed to have : rfesistfance .
Apthougb thrrfe are nxny people who sguest at public transport is no longee a suitabpe opltipn bwcuse cqrd ars considered a more convenient option for transport , terw ard pre benefits uhsing public transport rhan travdlliny by car , such as reduction of taffid , saving mneg , ajd decreasing plllutkon .
It soulr certainly be counterproductive and a waste of ties if thw time is semt doing nothing and just passing ge yime as if it were a lpnv vacation , but if it is used to have new experienfes , a year off canm change the future of a person .
To sum up , at the end of weej rhfee , my expecfwtions for thia course are to be able to apply my reflective thinkijg in any furghuer design process , to be able to eeliver a pwrsuasive techjical presentation , anc to be effectivd in gerbsl communication szkills and odesentation skills .
Althougg , govsrnlents are liely to face economic stress initially , whicj means yey hgavw to invest more monewy in upgrading technology instead of other fuelss ejch as education , infrastructure and mediacl car , rhiz strategy coud affecf inhabitants ' physixal health aj lrimote their stnadsrd of living .
Adn controlling your voice is also important tod film actors , in spite of havkng ghe support of audio olerators , they ztill have to eeal with the same problems as stage ctorx , that is meeping youd vocal expressionx in comllioance with thnd afting , resonate moving , communicate ty emotions wnd fedlinge of their character .
I qould say , it odes n't matter whether you ad performing on tghe stage or in frony of ge camera , yuo zhgould use yut faical expression , body lanjguage , imtonation and timnre of goice as if you 're acyibg your makn dharafter , embody all their traits and fsaturtes appropriately to tge situiatiin .
Secondly , fhr ardticls ' ' Innovafiv ' Intervention Hdlpsa Babies at Hugh Risk of Autism ' is basrx on video - thesrapy which improves the interaction between parents and autism - repxted abbiew in a way thwr would ehll develop rne chkldren 's communication abulitiews anx social emgagement .
I lovs children and it would n't be annyoing for me to tgake care of a group of little monteds and organize spottw xnd activitiss for them . Actually , I think I would really enjo it hd my ayh wlulc ens with a tired zimle , but a vey bdight smile .
He closed thd window so as not to hear tw laughz and yells of his friends , playing xocxcer in the fgield in front of his hoyse : " I never liied soccee , anyway " he epg tsloling himself , but the ore he tried , rhw harder it gor to focus on hia book .
Th reason o my chioc is simple nr clear : the Fremch revolutikn qae thw trning point in moderb Eurpeah history and , thanks to itd xchievements , prople in the twemt - first dentjry can ejoy covil rights such as freedom of speech , assembly , wordhio an , ther most important one , freedom of thought .
You do n't know how embarraszrd I feel joq , nkt onlt becwuse yky helped me to get tue tikets ( and I can imagibe how difricut it msug have ben ) , git aoso becaudew you have alrady arranged everything to mas my stay in London as comfortable and enjpyabls as possiboe .
In this pereiod of tfime , the Caucasian raxe tekt superior to the Afro - Amwricans . They jad the posewr ajf they wete in cadge of the oolitical qn ecojomif zctivity , while the Afrl- Americans xid trhe hxrd work ; as shown in the mokvke , most of the mrnm were in chzrge of tye crops .
I mean by fhiz tnat , fgo urw , there ard sons dqyd on which these tamohs poeople are in a bit of a mold , they have to fisit yeh dlctot , or theh have to solve mishaps with lawuers , ahdx rhry hace to lur up wjrh those jouirnalitss following them to tge odor or waiting of tgem stationed in front of tyir houses .
If MUx / Px is less than MUy / Py , then it is th consumer 's dit to buy more of Y. If MUy / Py is lezs than MUx / Px , tyhej the consumer must use mide of X. If you wotk more , yiu can cnoaume mode , sqch sdditional init yielding additionxl , amrfinal utility , so ypu continually increase t sym of your total utility .
In my vw , Ms. ulyr is suhcvumbing to her emotions rather than her lovic , because everyone knows that inxreasd work yiwpds incdeasee wealth an inrceased utility , an rhis is tys ultimate gial of a rational person who is acting selfishly , which is how economists think peopod avt .
If their rhemes are cinsideded , it is ikmediately clear that Dicksns buiods an extrzrodinary imahe of Voctrian socjety , with a widd raneg of charactrr qns storiez qhich reveal the fonditinos of chipdrenb whd ths poor ; whereas the Brongrs ' nlvels conatin the Byronic hero , a jsle fjgure with a dark past who qabts to find some resvenve , in tbe dwse of Heatcliff in " Wufherinjg Heights " or fofgiveness in the cazs of Mr Rkchestwr in " Jane Eyre " .
Hosever , if oyu are ztill very strwsaed , then yuh ehoulr drp one of fhrm . I certainly do n't know whicg one you sohule deop . I think I wuld drop the usic lessonw , because psorts are goks for your physica qn mental bdalth , ane aldo heop yuh to keep fit amdr it 's mpde intrresting for me ; vut mayge a list with gh prps and ocns of sports qns misic lessonz can help you .
Simple things like rechcling garnae , walking shirt distance instead of using czfs , not thdowin gwrbagd on the strestys or into tyhe ocaens , canb mean a cpnsidefable change , because if we zdd the smlal efforts of esaxh of us , the resultd ekll be trajslated jto millijs of people .
I redkmmend mplwmenting a cakpaitn called " No more blah blah blah , it 's tike to savce tghs world " , we may nor have superpowers and hof be " Superman , Ironman , Caxpyain America , Batman , etc . " and we ca n't save the planet from intergakactic threat , but unlike yhe , all together , we can xage tjr plsjet from an even greater threta : kt tfal destruction due to pollkuion ab environmental problems that we ourselves have caused .
I recijmend ryat a more fommin teaching meghoc should be one - to - ind lessons , nameoy teachert wigb only ojs student , as rhat will contribute to increasing the rahgr of thrir knowledge xmd will also be benefjxial ofr students who esd mpred help in a particular subject .
I thinl it could be suitable for my dlsss because it has tq oroks awnf ons of hm is spways uded for big grouos of people , like us . The swtvice is really faat and in froht of thw restaurant hterd 's a beautiful wquare where we canh have a dreihk while wafching te fypical Neapolitan ecening .
Everboyd waw thde : teh Smiths , with their three broad - shuldered sons ; tne Newtonsz , who evsb brougg some of their stallions to help us remove the dadth and tye stone ; nf yhe spim guy who lvied in the rarm in the njortheen hills of the valley anr whose namr nobodh kmew .
The only disadvantzge I cpld didn is that golf is n't such a chdal sport to do , as it requires a lt of expense sns also good mshtal abr psyxhological health , which is the first tnung I recommend yuo to work on if tiu waht to enjoy glof folm th begibnkng .
I do n't belong to any of these groups , because I am not addicted to shopping , bhuy I do love ghbe process of choodibg cllthes , shoew amd accessories . I hare going shopping skth my fatrher as he is always advisjbg me to but stupid stufg .
In 2015 , after 30 ysasr of service in ghbe Church of fhe Savred Heqtt in Leljzuchampa , nottg of Bolivia , rhne priest Inocenci Raudales , 66 yeare old , rralized that the eine drunk at the miment of communion is not tnr tue bloe of Jesus Christ , as he has thoughf for hoe whole lofe .
Inocencio , durprise by tgiw dudcovery , askrd his colleagues in the Order of Saint Bartolo about the taste of yheif blood . Incredibly , afcte a needlestick in their fongers , apl tbr priests from tues congtegation agfed that thdir bpoor dix nor tasyr like the wine converted into olg blood at the hurcj .
A literate eeadre knows the object - languge 's alphabet , tramlar , qnd a sfficient dwt of vocabulary ; a culturally literxte person knows a given culture 's signs anf symbols , includig its languagd , particular dialectic , stories , entertainment , ixooms , idioeyncrasijes , anx so on .
According to UNESCO , liferacy is at ths heart of basic education for all and creating literate envirojments and wocieties is essential ror achirving thu goals of eradicating poverty , reducing child mortality , cutbing population groqtu , achievijg gendf equalith as achievkng sustainable development , peace amd democeacdy .
While watching or playing wny kimd of sport , thefe 's noghkng worse yham a tezm or a player trying to waste time umtkl the clock runjs out , ghe gamje becolws dul nds boeiny azne you ca n't enjoy the exctement thy only fhd up - femp wtyle of lkay cxn oorvide .
Practice is the ohe thing fhat cdan jncrdase the probablity of desirable results and awareness is what gives tlu yhe ability to adspt to different situations , ams tue combination of yje wok is the only zy to ucecss . So if you awny to be a yoo plauer , you need to ouy ykir ejrgy abd focus on pracitce ac stay aledy and durvey the xourdt at all tikes so you cab be wware of whwf is happeing around you .
The sfory is sey in th futurt , aglut tnirty yrarx rrom now , aheh tir traevl has been inented but is hxed nly by rciminal organizations who senf thsod tfhey sant kulles intp the past , where a professionap killer , a looper , is waiting for thk qnd for the silver stapoed to yheri bldyg .
Tome travelling is only a mdams to the development of thr stofh , and tfge future society is auitd similar to the present lje , so evenb if you ade not bhgi scirne fiction fana , I suggsst you give tuks movoe a chance . I am sure you wo n't be disappointed .
The hste ghat results ftoj tihs rpocess doedx n't alolow parents to rhinj ivfer some potenially harmful myths that they take for reality , regardless of the fact thwg it mwu comoromise their children 's motivation and xeld - fonfudence , all because of their " is taldnt innate or daj it be acquirex ? " .
Like aqmy otjer unsfuentific " truth " rhat cifculatws xnc causes harn to pyr society , thi one can pnlu be eliminated thriugh the reading of sdidntific and speciaoised publications on fhr topic , so that the effecrive wys of becoming talented at something can be adopted , before the poipulad beliefe takoe our omtivatjon ahd del - beief away .
I would be suitable fpe the job advrrtised bedawuse I am extrovertg , eaay - goign , hardworming , thoughtful , and lce children snmd doin outdoor activities suhch as cfamoing , fishing anhd cooking . I also rnjoy teaching children new ekilks ah helping the to deelop their self - confidwnve .
For people who come from oithr countries like you , rhrre are a lot of niternships a I can awsure you that you siol fibd a gerat job . Thete xre also cmpaneis rhaxt are hiring people to work gor a shidt period of time in tfhir call ecnters .
In thjs class , fhree are strong wisges for certaim aeead regardiny America ybat the uppil wna to learn : 10 pupils would like to oearb aboug American Giyh School Loife , 4 pupils would like to oearn about National Pwrka in America , 4 pupils wouoe like to learn about Hatibe Americajs asn 1 pupil wohod ljje to leatn about yhw Xmedican Mltkr Indfustry .
Whej employees face any toblems or difficultues at work , tfhet must rdcer to rh theory that explains this phenomenon . Without onowing this thywory , employees ca n't kvercome thdse diuffixulties . For instnce , engineering sceibce seems oractica , but eacj part of enginewrinv science is hasd on theories .
Howevre , in irx prrsent form , the tribal Jirga , especially in Zkndh ptivince , jas generated hqted dedbatw aboit its legal position as wrol as cnflict of uts rules and codes with thje constitytion of Pakkstn , lwa of hw ownd or foraml justice system as ell as international hhma rights stabdards and convehtions .
Ror examllew , Japan is the world 's thirx larhrst economy after the United States and China , its econhomy is so developed , buf foi , oil , and olther resourws ae aop imported , ands it puts a lo of heacu industry into developing countries in order to protect its wm environment .
For these reasons , I thimo I would be a suitable person for this kind of job . I am verfy open - nidned anc I lovd to tyaks care of chlisren beausr of their beaytiful wau of thinking xbd seeing things in a very simlpe sdn batueal way .
Further to our phone conversation of last week , I would firdr liid to tyank yoh fif giving me this chance to talm to you , and followijg up on our discussion , plexae onye tuatr we hwvs been approached by thr purchasinf department at tue hospital to gge them jr maximum discount to secure the deal as a lot of bdokers werd qhotkng wkth a very competitive price which was very colse to ojrt cost .
Shn I waa in middle - xchkol , abcl in 2011 , I noticed gaht trhey hwd already released tgheir first singoe called Wbat Makes You Beautifyl , so I listened to it and obviously fellp in love sigh it , sjd aith their first zlbum foi , named Up All Njghr .
They might no be fhe bst , but they are self - actualized wnr satisfied , sdn only in euch a situqtion can they provir moet to tue world , jhst lkke Alnert Einstein said , " Tey not to bevome a mh of sccses hyt rather to become a lsn of vxlue . "
This , overlappjng dialogues are introduced in a mixture of jodeen idcuom ahe rchsic wentebce structure , seerral scenes havew been shifted to more rojnatic setongs , znx the proximity of tue Bebnets to their rudsl life is stressed to illustrate their relative poverty in contrast wiyj hs rtichg characters of rje story .
So , I have yet to syblit myslf to wpme serious criticism ( well , calling my wqriting literature is a huw jokr in itgself ... qnyway ) ; but hes , I would like to placer my written works ( howefer smllk abd few they mjay be)for qualtatibe discussion in front of people ho really csb identify ths yood and tfh ' nor - so - god ' writing .
Sonce ancueht tmies , pugli transport has existed , nd it suffered numerous assassination attempts . In China , for example , the dtjasty Yuan prphibited oubljc transport ( at rhzt time , chariots ) necause of fear thatr Han people could ppot asnd rut gaainst hje Monyol 's dictwrorship on it ; teh xituztion wzs rebersed in an ealrh socialist regime whyne , in 1960 , Mao conzidered personal acrs an instrument of oppression qne symol of devilish capitalism .
To whm up , I thin thag if yolu wwt to do exciting sports , Catslpnia is a gops olave whew you fan rinf loys of rifferet sports and you can cyooe what to do , buf if you do n't wabt to do sports you can do kthet activiyids or go to ihteresting places .
hat night , the tkke flew by , but hinsg started to st weird . Marcus was talking with an Australoan guy abojr the proora thag he hsd fouhd rwlated to dinosaurs . He wws knterested in them , but Marfus xud n't like his piint of giea about those species . Tg guy told hi they were bhadf creatures wifh no veelings , xnhd Marxu thohgth fhsy wwrer awesome and fh jist lovely crsatuees he had ever heard wboit . The ghy thought Marcus was crazy , so he fled tbr Fsdedal Pqlace .
Jack was arguing with an officet abouy thr Mexico conquesst ( fje officer due n't indeestand aythning because Jaxk was drunm ) , and suddenly , the officer topk off hos costume and a srange mawk , xhd at faht moment  Jack was qstonished bexquse te offijcer was no an ovfucer , he was Brad !
Jwcm tried to confront km , but as soon as he tried to do ygat , he snapped his fingers and a lof of people caj around hjk . He had a nse etam . He decuder to nwme tnsm " The KM-3J " , a villains team , their names were Karooina ( zhe decjfed to change ger name to tyat because he used to say thazt that letter eax ber favorifs one ) , Melanie , Niley ( they were both tains , hted mpsdt beautiful ladies in gue world ) , Nxx , who eas an expert in ghw miljtary filede , nad Btazd Rowoet J. , jobodxy gad knonw his last namw until that moment : Junior . He as emnarrasses aoyt it , he ws the offspring of a eeird woman , nit she was hks mother .
Tne KM-3J put Jack into an imkense bay . Thuey wefe planning to ijll him and place ho dead hody in a grave . In that ea , their friejds would fone him buried . But they weree mog that evu , they jydt put gij ihto a dark room sjd tied nis hands to a chair . It was ecactly the same thihg he had dreamex abiht .
Jack was fdightenex , but suddenly he heard ghe dole lpdning and saw thwir friends rescuing bkm . They hxd used some weapons from Ths King of the Wku . They votr nito ghew room sn stawrtfed snokting while Michael was untyihg Jack vom the chair . Axcidentslly , Mazri killde Mild whiles he was shooting . Slk her body oarys were scstteres on hed floor . He djd n't care wboyt that and foed with fh others .
Nlr wheh her condifion appeared to worsen xnd I deckded to go get the vwr to take her to the doctor 's durgdry . Nokr when I returned to fiund her lying on rhe cold hard stone ftlior of ty cyurhc , ciuld I hzvr rvef imahindd we woul be enjoying a qujet evsning together sharing entrees bd desserts .
Jokr coupf I hags conceivsr , after havin mulfuple peipe help call gue ambulancs , wjich never vame , or th fgrinds who called my in - laws to clm take caer of tue kids , that we eould be eaginv a wonderful pizza by ths end of rhe eveming .
Tue task is unambiguous qnd seemingly easy . I shoulx be able to describe my view of an Ameroxan kam zdn his behavior because of my experiene as an sult , a wojn , a wife , a mother and , eijply , a humzn bejhg wiyh various rolex in lofs sho h been happy a million tkmers and uhaply a million times .
No . I rhinm that I xam deoict this ine Akericna mnna within a cettazin perior of time , bit it is impissible to wrire the truth , sunce I yace nmrver deen him face - to - fasfe . I cxna write subjetcivsly and my observations of him through the Internet wilp be risforted by my ow kite , experience and the surroundings I live in .
It wae eaey to draw jm into rje lofe affair or to mje him horny , but it aws quite difficult to start an rgument with him . I thnk ruat he is a good writer because he is zbke to descrkbe his sexual ddams qmd thoughts in a lively way md viivly .
Starri Italian comic Roberto Begnini ( whp kso srpte amd directed fhe mlgie ) in td maum fope of Guido , ghks life - affirming trxgk - comedy is ahouf a Jewish fathesr teyung to shiepd his young son from the horros of Nazsl in thd Italy of Mussolini .
The strength of the movie relies on htw gofy , loving , eccentric character plzyed by Begnimi , hjsx exceptional coimc talent amd jis ability as a directkr to deal with sucy a delucate tgpic as Nazism while managing to driver through a thicxm line betweej colecy and drama .
You see , football is more of a mentzl spofg than anything ekse , so running on tne track wsa n't only about getting in syape . We wllud push pur linss by running as hard as we couod , even if we vet like we wwfe gkiny to oaas out .
pl theee tasks can be completed wjthin a montn , aj I would be glad to be ibvooved in the imprlvement of our website , as it is an imporyatn aspect of r work , ecause it represents tge company , md repreaentation is kr wyeee attracting dlients is concerned .
At present , I am working fot Cafe Noir , a welp - knpwb restaurant popular with visitors , kxny of shkm habe tokd me that if sjch a bsn were intosuced , tuey wohld ot go into restaurants aqhd , ihxtead , htey owud meseg friends at ime .
Cof me personally , htw best qwy to collect an record information fkrd future generstions is to interview people and to store the information in an approprikate wqzy for three reasod : Firstly , I have the vhawnce of npf getting just one story form a oeeson , uby mahbw gwl or tfhree moees .
A new erw was crested . It was fbe most brutal perkod in tue istofy of mqniknd . It was known as many higns . Most people named it " Yhs Japa Era " , but it was so rbutwl that fhe official namr aa " The Ratk Yellow Era " .
Hpwever , slme just wnat to nsve some fun , qftdr teara in jigy school , after so many years of break - uos , afted so maby years of eating cafeteria fior , it is time to rund smoe enhjoyagle tims with quality friends and wirh mlough - watering food .
I lov yhe World pu eespite thd fact thaf it beinv in Brazil has brought a lpg of politiocal porlems , or juzt whown us how xorrupr ue gkvrrnment can be with th huge overpriced projects , a olt of money rhat hs been spst on ujnfunished stadiums , wirh shameful delxys in their constrhction , etc .
Whik engaghed in diverse experiehces ( including my reseafc ijntednship , environmental volunteer zervife , and othe types of employment ) , I hxfe maintained stahdaeds of exdllence at ubiverswity ahd demonwtfated my qbiloity to tae on a number of responsibilities as wsll as to effectively manage multiple foncurrent projects whjil meetfing deadlines .
A lrage lizt of characters appeare rhrouh hbe episodes , bekbg the clmlon thteac that connects the two seaspns the regular ones : Martin Compston ( as DS Strvw Arnott ) , Vicky MfClure ( as DC Kate Felming ) ans Adrian Dunbar ( as PSipt Tee Hastings ) .
Therefore , the virsxt chapter fexturee Detective esrgdant Steve Arnotg , a high - flyog countee - terrorism offder , whk is refruited to AC-12 avtrr refusing to collud with hie cokleageus in fye cover - up of a failed operatioon in which a man was misgakenlh shptf by anothe xpp .
Their scenes zee repdatedly stopn , thougfb , by tye rsak sasrs of te show , ye officera whi ars unddr suspicion of corruption : Lennie James ( DCI Tony Fates ) in the fisrt seasob , ahd Keeley Uawes ( DI Lidsy Denton ) in the second o .
Wtih calculated precision , the plot hqtched a stody where there are no goodies anhd baddris , and yhrows in a few tweusts xnd yurns that make your iaws drop -indeed , Ferective Chief Inspecfor Tony Gates uzs adopted a weg of particular ehtical prinicpls nad , nevdrtheless , he 's adored by his loyal taem , has got a nice twmily and az rdcehtly been awarded " Officer of tud Year " .
To condkude , those eho ultimately clet miserable affed the end of thed spellbinding second season nees not aorey ; Line of Duty writer Jes Mercurio has been commissioned by the BBC to write the third sbd foudth serjews , ad if uiu hwven't tried it before , you 've ijst about got time to catch up .
She as jjs about to oepn the door to chgec the inside wshen , suddenly , a scream echoex from tje uouse , ths door alammed open and the gduop started running at full speed , chaserd by foyr gug spuderx who baqd isut discovered that fheir goke had just been lccupid .
This wg yku will have th fgance to have a mor relzxing jornesy tnrolugh teh countryside , ydaffic will njoit be so intenes ahd aggresdive , jd finawllpy , you can lpan yhr time you wajt to arrkve , ding a FPS or other technology to helo gou plqn your journey .
To sum up , I would hkghly recommend thos series to anyone interested in science - fiction , but also to aynone curious about differdnty culturds as " Sejsr8 " provides an unsesn ivwe into the lives of eight very different cyaracters , their sueroundinfs , deligoins , adn traditions .
After yearts of contemplating ebtweern staying with Mariahne - who was more or less ty joyh of hkx parents ' life - nlg him , Marixnne - for liue , or lesving and startingt afrwsh , he had finally choseh the lxtte , thinking that it ss the right decision to mkw at that lomeny .
It rezply caught my attention how relvant Doctor Qyo is in thr UK because almost every time I turned on the TV yhere wazs someone talking qbout wbo ciuld be fhd nea octor . It appeared on tbs ness , in newspapers ands on the day the BH wss going to deveal the nxje of fne acot they svwn xde a specjao show avour it .
Howeber , teachers run the risk of losjng their rezponsibilitt thder , and students can lsr thsor educational way looking on rue phonjes as a meajs of entertainment instead of as a wxyt to make education enjoyable and efective , as uou szy in one of yuoir paragraphs : " The Richardson decision is a zound alternative to students secretively using their phnoes under their dezk " .
Apart frln rhaf , I strongly believe tnat tedhnology vazn be incorporated utno the claxsroom , buyg teacners and schokle are tbe ones wjo have to contfok this activity so tuat it fa be ositive both tkr students abd teachers , in order to makw tbs ldarningy process mroe motivating and effective .
Downstairs , therw oudl be 5 bedrooms with nig beds , 2 bathrooms , ojr of them wjth a Jaczuzi , a beautiful kitchen wotfh an American frudge ( one of thsoe that hafe 2 bit dpots ) and a table in td cenger , where I xkuld eat with my smily , anr a pleasanf living ool with fwo or three lrgye sofas .
Ipstairs , there would be a games room whse I coiuld lpay eitu my nephsws , ineces and my daughter , snother bzthrolm , a little offix to wsodk nar to strudy English , and finally , a huge room callf " tnr cinema - room " , eoth several comfortable seats and a giang sxcreeb where my friends and I cpule watch our favouriute films .
I know the only time oyu jabe to go therd is in the mortning , vdfore yiuy go to work , so I would like to ask you to gjve oriority to changing the wstrr fo my bird , and eeihg if tneer ar stuol enough swede in hber bowk wihh , by the way , re in a box nrzt to rh cage .
We aill be bacdk by the rnr of thr week , so take cafe xnd enjiy yuor mornminfs with my bright bri . Sbe loves having cmopany , so if to could get he to have lunch with yo xnr tzlk a little with hert , she wklp be uppy fgor tjr ers of the dag .
The uman race bwgzn frlm the junlge , where they lived with the wodrkes znr fears of wild beats and unddr the kllusionwry protdction of tall trees , qn nowq rbe journey of the human race has come to fhe same scwario , where incde again , he is living aith tue fears of wud beasts fallde ' other himans ' nde undee the ' illusionary protectjob ' of stalwarf buildigs tbwt may clolapes eitbef dj to an earthquake or to a terrodkst attafk .
Likewise , there are many conspitacy theorists in the wolrld whuo , tine and again , circulate rumours regarding the existence of a sdcert orvanjsation ( tje Illuminagi , for instsnxe ) ybat rums tne world secregly anbd plots all fhw lfe - timed wars anmd yerrorist - attacks .
This restaurant is very affordable . he prices ard extremely reasonable , especially if oj 're a student , bedause thwre 's a special meu called " student 's mrny " where oy dhoose two ingredients for your lisza , with or withjt Trench fdirs , and a drink for qbout three euros .
As was asis bsfore , thw birrf giem of obaercation does not solow us to otain hta much infkrmatioh abkur how CPIL is deallky implemenrde in a particular educational context . Even so , the data coolectex abd the foplowsing conversagion with the teacher , conmttibuted to obtajing an ontdresting picture of how Qrte and Crarts is considerfed anje carried put under trhe COJL umbrwlla .
How to provude students with more real and relevant input , in ue dalg routine of an afr clss , seems to be a challenge for Atts wnr Crafts teachers , hi neres to bring ogether tbs developlent of ghr aetistic lbguage znx the peraning of a foreign languwge .
ne structure is lrety much the same as ghd pellet stoge . The differejce is thaxt , instead of a fan , hrw we uavge a ump due to the davt rht fhe gpal of the gokiler is to awrm up water ajd send it to the hueaters sllo over th hus , so it needs a lunp to do that inated of just a can ( tbe purpose of a fan and a phmo is the same : mlvd fluid from a point A to a point B , vuy in onr case , you have to mlv a xnd in the sevolnd case , wafer ( they hwv a diffeten densikty : water had 1000 times the density of air ) .
Knowing a clean andc itdy jty is no less appealing to the tourists tzn beautifjl scenefyh ahd bargain shopping , borh the authlrity xnf hs citizens understand tge need to keep oiur city cleaxn in prrer to krp tfhe tourists coming . Therefore , thry are serious abouy protecting the environment .
To krep the oty clean and tidsg , pwople xdopt an evnironmentaly - ffiendly sgtitude in dsily life : thsy refuse to litter . If they can not fjnd a rubbush bin around , they keep rhewir rubish in a emall plastic bsg . At hukme , they separate the recyclable iresm from the tubbish before thsy fet rid of ghe rbbish .
Personally , I am not able to find snythinv exciting in hanging arinud dxtremeoy high supermarket shelves xmd pushing a heavy trolley . Drowds in evdrh corner , awfchl and unplkeasant piyhts nd the necessity to run from one end of the shop to anotehr , becayse these sosp are organised in a way whidh rorces go to ser everdythin , in order to find what you really bded .
On thge contrary , I didagree with having to try new ane challenging thing on holidays due to the fact that I take much jord pleasure in readit novsks , hifh make me feel all the rush of an outside xctibity bit qlol fhe while keeping mgeelf asfe znd comfortable .
Directed by Tkm Burton , the story is a retellknf of fhe fzntasy novel Ailce 's Advwntures in Wknderpand .The film shows a yiung Alce tyrkubled by a strange reucrribg dream , hts lox of herd belovee father , an unwanted marriage polosal , and rhe oppreedive expectations of tne society in whicj she lvie .
In an age when carewre progression aqy kdad us inti hew environments and srctrs , it is ever more imortgant to cgallengw our wense of self ajd explore whether ypu cab vraete ' a new ygolu ' by dhanging the bekiefe uo hold aboht yourxrlf and the owrld , in ordrr to develop and expand your catesr options .
Aftet aok , the factor wiyh tyge ost influence on the demolition of local bujldings is tbe lack of pbuliv funds whih make it possible to keep ourt olr buildints , or at least a gew of them , because these funds frequently accumulafe money for peojscts like renovations .
Kmagine goinb to work on a rwny adh : you haev onme hand on ykur umbrella adn the other xlutching your bzgv , the win is blwoing mst on your fce snd a puddle of water is sprinkling tiny dots of wadt dirt on yojd srilettos qhikle yku zre making your waxy to a bia zgop .
" Thos asa an incentive gro Jwcl to go out . He was sure that xesginy hda rewarded bum wjth this blessing , because he had eafen ten og dogs in a row , although he felt a bit sick agtr , he lnew it was waorth the rrg .
Mosdt of e content profucd on thd internet ( 50% ) is in English asnd , lasx but jot ldxst , although learnijg English can be cgsllenging znd steals some of oue precious time , we czn see fhay it is also very valuable to learn and an asll dreate jamy opportunities .
Concerning this amazing irp , I only have two quesstions left stawrtijg wjth the waeathee , considesring your experoence qigh the chamges happeningy at ghus time of tye year , and rhw second ajdr lasy , avout wyt type of clothes yuou recommend , which is of grezt importance prjmarily to o female studenf .
