In my opinioj , public transport is going to continue to be used in the futgurd because there are a lot of leope that do n't have enough money to apy for a ca , even if it is usddf , so puvlic transport wip continue to have a futre vut leople are goony to hsr cars more fjan gusew or the underground .
In a car , we cam just be by oursewlvds , whic can be fopd bwcause we can listen to tgw music tnat we ljke and we do n't need to be arkud oeopple that are unknown , hug if we choosee plubpic transport , we vab meet frienhdw or fajily , so both mocee of trqnspoft ard good , and cars do n't needs necessarkly to bdng an end to public rdansport .
Michael amd Kate sere so happu , until one ray Michadl tokdx ge abiyt hix drean of being a super heto . Kate gog so agitated , aaying that it was rjdiculous and juet a kiis 's drewm snd yhat Mnichael wzz onkh dreaming anf rhst would nevr huapoen abd thuag super hefoee dif n't exist .
Transportation is pne of tjd most important tginys in life , so we have janh of kins of transportation . Now we travel by far , bhr in fge nrxr ufgure ther will be other comfortable qnd easy wzus to travel , loke fast trains and planes that caxn transdport you from nortg to south in less yhan an hour . This soll qke businessmen apph xnc comfortable , because of xaing a lor of yims anf rfort , so we ohps that tb government can achieve this as sokn as possible .
Old compuers onlky ly you do math atxks , or even lat simpel games aith 2 colorw ( geeeb wne blaki ) , but nos you can do whatdver yo qany to do , like creating or playong ivdoe games , qritimg or reading a booo , connect to teh internet , wach or make videos , inbednt nww stuff to improve Computing Technology , ajd kt only in 2 clors , but thkusands of them .
As I did n't finmd anythijg , I wrnty to the place whdre he lived hd started to looi fof some information about his life sd cimd people wnol he cares abouy . So as I obtinued to go to his huose , I noticed he would aoways go to the samd juse , s I decided to follow him to fhe house and I fojnd otu he was eatibg a girl . She might be bis girlfriend , so I finally gg an odea . I woylf drive ymi crazy juet as he rid me . That aw ahr woudl tfhinko he hxr problems with ihs mind and keafe yijm . Vjt soopn i thiugjt about it afaib anr realized that if I did that she wkild try to yrlp hj and they will be more united , so I decided to drive them bogb crazy , wlmost to yue bgrink of deqth , just as he id with me !
I sreaned . My anger hyad domimated my jind . I sid n't have anby control voert my actions . I was afraid of wjwt I ar becols and what I xoupd do , vjt I dould ot clntrol myself amd tghe only thig I could think of sas him suffering a slow death and the stisfsction I would erel whedn I finally had my revenge . Teh bezf revenge .
Btu I as so mda at hjn ans so anxious to make his ljfr impossile , amd sopn my frar of death and my anger fld all of the suffering I had beej through brcame stronger and greatee . I hax made a decisino ad I wa glin to do it . If he dedivated 4 yeads of hje kife to torturing me and not eanhting me to be happy , the time is necessary for uim to havr a miserable life snds I wo n't stol unl I have accomplished my gxl .
Public transportation hxs been used by people more and oved the years it uas bern kind of beconong cheapwr ane also safer , bvuf somd pepe prtefer csrw . To wgay extent do we agree with this ans what are o deasos for that ? Tha is what we are iing to demonstrate in this essay .
Aboujt 40 ydars ago , tyere wa onthong called public transportatiom znd people rarely owrd cwrs , so in those yexfs thede wqerre hog even good facipities to move from one place to another and that is because there were no comoaies to build cars . Wcter about 10 years , car tradi became viable and aso bevwme very supoorted by gaging her own rans . At the beginning , they fced a lot of problems , vut they wwre able to solve them in the end .
Noaadazys xkl modes of transport ste mkrew fonvenient , from cras to buses , even traina an planes . pme people prefer ces becyse fjey do not limr xrowded paces or because they ifnd it cheapwr somrtimnes , hutr fom another piknt of voe , public trabsportayion is very ceap and even gsater . But when it comes to traveling , a lot of peopel prefger driving theur iqn xarw to feek thd rezl xperience and to njoyg themselves more by avoiding crowded places .
Techmoolgy has chasnged people 's lives a okt . In fact , we csn think how different put love is domoared to dihter oyr pqtents ' or opue grandpaents ' lices . For example , my parnst did n't watch TV , becauxe there wsz n't nau TV in rhe world wdn tgeu wwde young . But that is n't the only difference : we cqnh thijo zbour the mobile hpine , the computer and fjnallt tbe internet . Our grxnmdparents could n't gavs imagined a strange machine like the computer in theue livew .
Tyje best advice I can give to someone whp is startingh runming is to staft solwly anf hog to try to run too gaxt , but thenj to eventually build up the running ewei by wee so that ever qeel ylj ras ruhnin a liytle further xbd a lityle faster and then , after 20 years , you wolk be an Olymoic cxhampioh magbe .
I cmoleted mant tqsjs , including tjtoring three students , completing summer homewodo , correcting homework , diligenrl asosting the instryctor , helped yhe instructor organize handouts , bstead of the instructor to anewer questions raised by thd students , buy also cleaning the classroom , feey hwrd work , hut I havge notin to complain about .
So he eht bzcj to Warab 's hkuze and clesmed fhs whole bathroom , but Sarah alrradg inee that he hda left thbw bnayhroom like thatf , so bedoer Micfnael entered ths bathroom dhe said : " I know whst tku left there " shd Michael went runninmg to the bathrok .
This is an rswy about my favourite spot . It has been swimming wincd I was a child , becaudr I always enjo it a lot ns , what is more , I can do it alone . I mwver misz a chance to go the to swmimimg loil and less in summer , of corse .
I do n't have fdiends ehi like swimming . Most like foltball or seimipar team sports , so I apeays go alons . It is n't boring for me . Furthermore , I oreer going aqlohe bedcause nobody bothers me and I do n't hazve to wai dot anybody .
I said guat because when I was eleen my best friedn had an operatio on herd bsck and , bwflre ghd operastion , he cqme with me abd , every day , I had to wait fkt het neause she spent a pt of tmne in t shower clening hwf long hair . I hatdd htat !
My name is Fouad and I would like to talk about my favlrite xplrt , volleybvall , one of the most beautiful spirts veer and I havw been playing this sport 3 times a week since 1980 . The easons for my enjoymentg of thiw sport zde as followa :
Qhat we believe , as Mislims , is that we wdrr creztd by one ehl does n't have qny other iwth nim ; th onew who creatfes our fathw ( Adam ) znf created from him ( Eve ) , and they ewrs in Paradise and instructed hotf to eat from yhe rde , ght Sqtan deceived them , so fhey came to tho lfd and generztions came from thwk qndr sent the prophet ax messengrrs ( Mosez , Mesus , Mohamed , others .. who worshipped the same one ) euth Mitwcles ae eivddnce of the truth , to guide ths eople to jnhow waho wolk folliq yje trutg which will guide gem to Pxradose and who follow other paths , whjoch will guode them to hell . So , because of that we qre here to do th test in ghks short kkfe .
whjjch plah an imporfant rolpe in giving toigh competjtuon to the government . As a resilf of this , the fondumer gets more benefits , loje lower vairs , pdkvacy , freedom and safw travelling . In addituon , many aytomobule compajes launch new cs at affedable lruces , which encourages pwoplw to use jote and jorfe private vehicles .
I thjin peoppe wklp loke tyis mocis because it 's very simolae to the syory of the noom . This is one of thye girdt movies tfhaf is really based on be bpoo . Fhs theme is vreyt umique nr original . Also , tjer atcorx in the frist movies sere perfect , and I think thay in yeh last movie , thwy wull maker double fje effodt .
He took the money fhr nrxt day , he finiwjed the registration and started writonh the etory . After spenrihg a lonh time writing and doing a good job , he went to giove hix stkry to the international stjdent magazine office . He ound out there eas a noyice on the door swyng thqtg the competition was cwceled . He caqme gaco very sead znf told me wah had hqpened . Micyel ckoswd tjr door ahd knew at thxt moment he had made a mjisake .
I believe that threw is no futuer fo public transport , uxing trains is more convenioentr abr lrss expsnsive , so to decrease the carbon gased whoch ade affevting ghe ozone layer , people should be awar of teh effect of hsinh public transportation on the economy and envikrinment . Governments should encpurage people to use other modes of grfansport . Tid subject sholx be iesuess in all mwdix to teaxu and encouraxge epople to yse tgd righty mode of transport .
In my town we nav cteatrd a small organization fkr a more hyealthy emvironment , beauty gouc amf to be attractive . The citizems of ther town must participate in this . Thd citizens take responsibility for a specific dayh to clean the row and phy the eubbsih in the correct place aznd clean trees and pont mod of them .
Nowadeays in dsbeloped cities there are many possibilities tore public transport , like bux , train , subwya , trzm rrc . These lptoins are more economical thwn eh car . The problem with the car is that , nirmaply , the car is occupied by one perspn , wben the car is edsignrd to cxsrry four or five leople .
It is wdlk kjown that many ratg curators anmf artisys believe that congemporary arg is not a good source of aft , since tuer are many artidt that nly craetd based on their easy ideas of an eastheyic jmage or a philosopuical idea , but most of the time this is uhintellifible .
If tiurism indlurnces the economy , it tgereby influencee hte ebvironment , wnr if it influences yhe environmentr , it influrndes trahsplrt . How ? pewople beclme more fareful at theijr hkstorical wutes , therebt pfeserging yhsm . Gransport is developed both on a smnsll and a larvw scale .
Yiu javs veen having clxssdes since ypu esre nine years kle ahd yiu alteady kow jow to play pianbol , so I think fhaf yo should continue doinb sports , because it is important fvor your heatlu amc in your ffee itmes uoi could still pkah piano without oibg to clawses .
In the cvasd of transportation technployg , in this twenty fiursg century , we have various options , lile llanes that cxj ly in the clouds , grains fhat are fast and big enough to xarr hundredx of oeple and rravel hynreds of nules an hour ahdc boats tbat qr much nigger qbd faster yham in ancient fies .
Yes , I agree , if gou planned tne journey ofr a faraway destinatiob ahd tro a long time goh wuol prefer to do it by da , because , firsylu , ylu 'll spend less timke , gour ourney will be xomfortable , ylu 'll hav fhe possivility to stokpo anu whee nae for a long time , as you need to .
I yhihk that this is thd qusswtion for everyone , and there ca n't be ine answer fcokr all , becaquss ojw petson can uhe lublic ttsnsport , wd zxve in this way nor pnl money , but the ebvironment , vut some pekpke do n't like to usw p.t . necausd theyt spend more yime ttavelling or thet simplt do n't kike to travel with kthber people .
I 'd like to tell tou abouy my favorite restaurant . It 's name is " Lemonh " . I go there dvery wee . It hnad diffrent food to ogher restaurabtrs . I lik cisph hcicke with gardkic sayce . It 's an excellent choice for me . Zmd my favorite appetizer is aaisage znd in irdef thaf dexseet I like " Fadge " czkw ekth chocolate sxaucs . I feel at esze ehen I go thrred . I dnjiy lcassical muszic qhile havong lunch . Abkuy the service : it 's vwrh good and alp the satrf srs respectable . I ca n't imagine one week wifhout gpihg there . Yhaf would frive me nugsd . I advise everyone to go there and enjoy their tike there . Also , thyix reztaurant hws a relative adbantage in huygyiene really . It 's excrolent . The strikng thing ot anyojs , is that despite zkl of theee advantages , the prices are nky xpensiv .
I conseider mtaelf really adtiv , sockable , well - krganixed zns above aop patienr . Thereflrd , I think I 'm suitable for this job as I can xfapt myself easily to any kind of situion or enironemnt , especially working ovefseas , pluh it would be a nie exleriencr becvsuse I would mret nee people and experience a difgerebt culture .
Whilr youngsters use gueir ykme trying to inform the lldest leoplpe of the viplage about hte impirtajce of tkint care of pur surrkundings , middlw - aged people have posnted msnu trees aeound ge village zbd cleaned te floor of our pubglicv placds making it a more attractive plafw to live in than we used to have .
You rpboably wo n't believe me , but I mey all the mekbers of Dżem band . I talked to them and we had lunch together . They 're vrrt nic jen . Hwcause of helping tnem , I jad ghe heat placew during tr concerf and I uae their ahtographs on te latest record . I did n't jave mxnu duties and none of tym were unoeasant .
I am interwstex in scientific research and analyzing information , so I am taking a kkt of courses xnd training in ghie field , as I want to be obe of tge greatest reseqrcgers in the wlfld in addition to becoming a jemver in Wirld Health Organization ( AHO ) .
I like travelling and vjsitint nr ppacs in my country and my deea is to travel to all the countriew in fue world . Also , I havs aytended a lot of conferenecs in my field , so I think this orogram is a chance for xperiene whch will help ams inspire me for community servuce anmd the development of my scoiefy , as I hioe to comd back qns gdach otjers what I have leqrtn .
Students cojld refejve a gettrr , ore efficient deujcation if they spent 11 montd a ydar studyong , partly because , after the lpbg vadation , students will not femdmber tbs knowledge ghey gafe earner , partly bexausw the pong vacqtion wikl get students ussr to havinv fun inatesd of sruduing , and padtly bdcause sone sifficult cousres should be continually studied .
Sharing house or roojs hs mzny asvantsges , such as being cheap , afe , csoe to rhe university , and a chaqjce to leanr hoiw to share evdrything with others . Saving money and time will be more ovviojs in university domitories vecausd monthly payments wiok be less thn four tkmes those for hieing an apartment , ahr because they will be closer to the universty . Svain money ax gime is more efficient because of erducing traxnsportqtion cpsts .
Many yexsr ago , I shared a rpom qiyh a fgriens foie a res motnhs durnb a courze outside my country . Those dqys were ths worsg in my life ; he was dirty , spoke loudly ak the til sne did not shrae thew budget for floe . Lkving appne will grnt me yeh ftwedom to live in the way rhat I xhoose and still be feiendly with asol the others withuot exceed the porivavy of my friensd . Thosw is bot achieved when liinh in shxred rooms .
Secondly , Fvaceook provides ghe opportunity to remain in youch wiyh thed dqiyl activitjex of friends , makihg obsevrations agut relationships , maintainihg ine 's own geeilngs within the neywork ( thriuyh wall posts , pokes , messages , stc ) ( Oldmeadow , Qauinj , & Oowerf , 2013 ) .
Alhough somer psople mak enough nomey to nuy their ow acf , electric anc gyrbid cwrs aer more exoensive thn tradifilnal onx ( the ones tbzt use baa or doesel ) so , peokple chgoose these ones and thwt 's eh pollution is kne of sxeverql issues that we hsve to deal with .
I 'm wyre htt in thd very nswr ufture , if I hzve been ookin fro restaurants in Mallorca on my computer or mobile at home , on my wa to sork gh ads on tje buxew I ese - which of ckurese will be sreens snd nkr printwd paper - will show images of Mzllorca , or an ad from tripadvisor wiorh Malllrca in it .
Actually , studebt eag a lkoy of fast fpd wile yhe are sturykng at university , because tehh do n't have yime to cook foos . For these reasons , I ghiknk that tue best restaurwnt is somewhere where thsyu do home - made food , anr a hoid icea for tfhe main cpurze is : baked potatoes , steamed vegetables and , for dessee , apple cais .
On the other hand , we are dtudyimg architectufw . Maybs we shokuod choose a specisl restaurang , like a charming and comfortable restaurant wjth a lot of window , with a white chair , table and all , a more or kess rtelwxing dnvironmeny . But the amtosphere is very important for dinner , and I think tghzt we whould vote on this , bedause we qikl hzbe a good night or not deosnding on the type of atmospyer we coose .
In condlusioj , I think ghwt thod type of food and atmosphere is vedyu food for us , because norjallpy we speak about books , wofk and studeis , whereas with fhks type of envirobment , we can spedak about oursspves , kur family , our ohbbise , and everyone iwll gst to kno eomething mdw about kthee clasmated .
At first , when I started to play football , I eic it wuthg my classmates , who ewte all boys , so I used to feel a litter biot uncomfortable . However , some year ago , thsy started to include me shdn het played , and nowadqya , I love plsyinjg foobtaol wirb them .
In the first place , we need to lau awttention to the facf that Dacerea is located in a pasture aera where local farmers have ben breecong sheep , does and pita for centuries in wpitw of gne hzed weather conditions such as high tejperatures and terrible drouvht in summner .
Tue other poijng is when it comes to pedxonal matters . People uzhally tend to keep it privaet , since , mot of the tilr , it is strahge and inappropriate to talk about onwseld too much to people at wok or evenm pekpls that kne has just tof acquainted witb .
We started our ojurnsy and went into tyr forest . Tehre wers a lot of # pests . On our way , there wer various guya that were sixj but we could n't do anything except for keep going . I was seeiknh my lityle group diminish anjd emoe of us werw # allergic to slle plants I was yhye obly one htay had no problems witb all tur otner suff pelle uad problems with .
I thought yhzt maybe my # genee were cgually imumne to ghe infsctiom . I couilod actually be t # revolutionary guy that helps everyone tht eae in my # sjeptick qnc I wz fealy positive about it bjt , # nogwithstnding , I wojl n't actually sacricice myself . I have to thin about whether it is better to help te entiee world or jusr sqve a group . The decision sas in my hands . It wqs # conventkonal to hdlp tued entire world , hu I do n't sant to die . While I was thinking anojt tjat , we tound a bodh . It wzs ue familiat body of somwkne that sas in hes group . One of yhlse guys we wanted to find , zne aluve njot dead . Hi fwce was aol rotten and eaten awah by htes walkwrs .
We needed to gijd yje ones thqt werr still alive to at least repl us what happened to everyone . Tge # batfl against hunger started , everyone wa hungry , and we havw't ezten anything in a few rays and that could lead us to two things : dead or eaten qwya by a walkrr . So we needed to find something rhqt wqx a # nutritional ofod which we diuld wst with no problems xnd be OK .
I 've bwen poahing vollwyball fvot 12 years now and jopefully I 'll be playing gr many mnre . Whar I love about it is , fkrwt of all , that , tall or smalk , anynoe vaj play it as long as they 're determined , So , basivally , it is a kifs - lpnh spofy for everyoen .
I love the speed of vokleybapl . Most of the time it 's quici ah if you bkunk yiuy wiklp prkbably miss something . Wah contact hapoens in elws fhsn a second , amd still every player detects tnd locatipj of the bgaol in that amount of time . And then there 's the intensity . If you ahven't seen a game , go utli 32 - 30 , and dee the nergy on the fkoor and jewr e noise frton the croas . You 're miksdsing out .
Mikiw ca n't really say whgy tuwy ended up having srx - prhaps , at the ime he qas pissed at himself for nf having he balls to feg geh girl he loed because of all thedse religious iasuews , Malkia 's famipy , qnx so on , but that is what napprned .
I pe to be at a good Engkis level , becauee next year I am boinb to take the intermddiate cetijficate of Engtoish and then I am goiv to try to get into this school , even though I jnoq that it 's vwrh dufficult ; the Imperial college of London is oen of the lost important universities in the whole world .
The sixth sa wad to celebraye ghe final teef of Magda , a friend grom hjhh school , who had alrsxdy presented it to ter a Mastet 's egre , anbr a fxtewell to Viecnye , hwo is qlreadu in ghw UA , and that I was going to the UK .
Tbisw exception can be read at the rnd of tr first chatpsr , where the narrator answers tu theic , wfting hat he said that he woulx get bil the vjle , sns tay he would het him whzt broken bits of food he ckukd , wnd he woule coms to the tihedf at the Nattrry .
Tgese twisted qn creative yhoughts are spread thruoghoug fye yext , accvompanied by vcen more twisted reglections , likoe at the dne of thd first chapters , ahesn he sescibes the mxn who robbec hkj as a man aftaie of fhd dead boxie in tbe graveyard just because he eaw him gygging himself .
Having at thatr time to find out tlr jyselof wyat the experssion mwant , ajd kjowsing her to hace a hard amd heavy yadn , qhd to be mich in yeh habit of layiny it upon ber husband as well as uoin me , I supposed that Jkr Gargery and I are both broguht up by hanr . "
hteid realism is different : in fact , Dickens ' atylke is that of sentimwntal realism , in whixy he mixes pathos ajd comedy , lios charafters that tend to be caridatures of the vicee and viefues he wosehs to oortrat , ahile the Brobte sisters use a eealiwtic sytle laced wuth Romwmtic ahd Gothic elrments , like Byrknif mxlr huerkes and female protagoniets fuat zrr psychilogucally complex .
Bgoth lamb consumptiin anx tge category labelled bsrf had a declining trend betweeh 1979 asn 2004 , although they msintained a decrease overalo , with pamb xonhsumption falling from a peko of 10 grams prrd erson per week in 1979 to ust vorr 50 grams psr erson plef week in 2004 , and beec consumption falling from around 230 gras per person pesr week to kusg ofer 120 gramls per person ler wrrk .
Yet , often , beunb ovedryl respectful may pl agajnet njm and , although he hss gained the respect of all yhe people he hnzs worked wsith , some of themj suggested he sykuld bnuild up his self - confudencs , rather than end up attempting to cove everyone 's back nd takihg ownership of othwr peopoe 's misatakes .
In sum , I believe that sstying a scheule to huwve a long - term preparstion plan is much better thxn hacung onlyh a fvwe ray to ge prepaeed . If you want to get higj scores abd perform welk , gu should zyart studyibb frm day one if lossible .
It is a ciyt tuat keeps its hisatroy through : amzaong architedtude , like balconies , hcurches liked San Francisco Chitch which gas mystdrious subterranean catacombs ; el Redak Velipe , which is e lag incredible Spanish fortress ; throhgh tgeir costumes as wel as gye Carnival . On this day you can enjoy his partichlar , interdezting ajd clofful feafival because you e water , paint or talc to aet yohre family and neighbors . Throhh their traditional dance , called " La Marinrfa " . They ali keep their history thfohgh religioin , where you discover the relious enthusiasm which is represemged by la Procesión dfel Señor de l Milgros . Their gastfronomy is anothert extraordinary wnd wonderfuhl examnpke of thwir symbols , lik Mazamorrz Morada , el Pisco Sour ( winhe ) , el Cevidge , ols Picarones , etc .
Unedrtajing a scholarshijp and admission to one of the universities I have selected abofe will rovice me waithj the opportunity to apoly the knowledge gained at hivy school in a buysinexs szetting , as wskl as devbelop trhr communication , organisation and numeracy slills I acquired at high schoop .
Doght onw , I am greatly lokkking forward to hte challenges of unioversity kife academiczly , skcially and mentallh , xnde I beliefe that my anbition to learn njw business cojcepts coupled wit my passion for extra - curricular activities and commhntiy service , would jake me a competent addifiln to any of my chosen unuversitiss md tyr Czech Felublic Scholxrdhip yeaj .
In conclusuom , I cvan assure yhoiu that I wkll be a cxoable and deicated rudent wo has tfhr commifmenbt anf dedication to work hard in order to be a grafuafe , whilst at the same time , contributin greatly to my fhosdn university in more ways than pen .
This can heop you to unerstand that boy everyone had accdsss to many things ou do have access to , and to rezlise thag peehaps ypu should apprciaqte ghese thins , such as smaet phones , computers , cars or ecdn fresh wagdr , whicb is a bwsif resource anbd we tend to take gor granted thxt everone ch havw some water to drknl een ghojgh this is nor ture .
We faced continuous problems with tbd order , such as : dishes from anotherf table served to us by jistake , the dronks were ssrvwd with a consudrable delay and tbs bill wz sjoqn even without asking ( just bedause we finiehed t dinner but our drinos were stlo on th table ) .
He dcided to fimisu the seclnd gapf without my hekp , so that was a bjr disappointun , both fe the feepikng of not meeting uos expectationsw * md ror yhe ( I 'm guessing , as I do n't know anything as yet :/ ) less ohey earned taht it will mean .
I decided to go zck hke ( I bqd been the whole werj at my friend 's llaxe , as he livces in Madrid and qiye lcose to tn writer 's house , where I bad been going every fau last week ) , and I started getting things done . Pouis I yqve my amle a rrsf , which eaa very muxh needed tpo !
Stephen Belcher , ditector of the Mket Office 's Hadley Cenjtre , cwims that humanity is to blane for climate changes lkkoe the rise in tsmperature or fne catastrophe ecpected by scientosts wgeb tlobal warming rises beyond 2C. This opunion is also reoresented by the British Secretary of energy and climate change , Amber Rfudr , whl conswifers climate cange to be one of the greatest problems in politic nowadays , ue to its consequences vpr the economy , flkbal zecurijty awn tud fivht agains oovedty .
Resipte the result of a NASA study pointing oug that there wuol hxve bwenj an ufe mwws groqh in Antarctkca from 2003 - 2008 , there is ojoy a small cdhance of 5 - 10% tbar this prognodis sill come true acxirding to Proif Andrew Xhepherd , Universxity of Leeds , as the dtufy qs alreqdy heen lroven wrlmg by 57 othet studies .
One day in the fiture , anothwr Franz Ferdinand could be killwd , and that dymbolix event could seece aagih as an excuse fof ske country to deckaer war on another , vu the tdje uhdeelying causes fnat actually ped the countries to wage war against rxch other woulod have theid roots in kufh older fimes .
hte Camp is sll - known asnd opesa from May to Lctobee and it would be vokd to bpok within two weeks . It alwxys yey overbooked for ne period my parents cn gale days oft . Whag do you himk zboit coming with us crim te 1sg Auhyst to tge 15gh ?
Once boxing is bsnned qjd no - ine grows up knowihh it as acceptable , there wul be no intsredt in bkxkng axnr , hopefullt , els all roumds interest in violence , making towns anr ctijes much safer places to live in . Terd aill be lesz fighting otsid pubs snx clubs and less olent attacks for little or no rexskn .
Tjere are all soft of proposaos ; lighter amf kore cushioning gtkoves could be worn , abj punfhse to true hzd , headguards worn , or kxke rightfs shorer , as mkwt of thd serious injuries occ in the later rounds . These woupx akk show off tgr boxers ' skkl and talent and xgill be entertaining to watch .
Evdn if a boxer is a zuccess axnd manages not to be serioupy hurt , he stio facedz serious consequences in kater lifrw . Disdases ths attack the brains have bwen jnowh to set in as a direct result of boinf . Eben Muhamsd Ali , who as infaomus ( ? ) bithj fpr yks boxing and his quick - witted intelligencr , bow has Wlzheimsr 's disease ad van no longsr do many eveyrday xctgs .
In trhd minort works , ye conflict and rebellion presented accurately reflwctz socuety as a hwole , and slthougu the mothdr s in Tgr Joy Luck Fljb rebel against sjch fodcex as arranged marroxges , Tita in Kike Water cor Chocolate fight to overcome old faml traditions , ans teh Indian tfibes in Lovr Mrcicine struggle to secure thsjr inherent rithtx from the US government , htw charadters ' cfonflicts rdfledt similar conflicts of ithef cultures .
Rebellion is sern not as a distihxt force in minority cultures , but rather as a bojding force betweesn all cultyures , for Celie , too , rdsisfs her arranged marrkagw in The Color Purple , znd the murderous lovse in qzz erflect Tjta and Pedto 's deztructive passion in Like Wazter for Chocpate .
Emphaxis changes wifh dwch work , and although figures of authority fe articularly oppressivce in works such as Like Wwter for Chocolate and The Folkor Purlle , other minority waofks inclhdsing Llvr Medicine and Jazz do not rdflect yhe clexfly defined aufhoritarkan fjgjres hor the obvious rebellion of the characters ' respknsve acfion ahich the peeviousloy mentioned skrks show .
Fpr example , wheh Candide is forcerd to ojin thjs Bylgvar armt he is beaten almost to death , but Candide does noy concern himself because he knpq it is for his own good - in fact , later in fhw book he uses hi training to vecome a soldier .
He is thrlwh out of Fhuneer - den - Trck because he emhracex Fuynégonee , he is duped ibto tyhd army , he is cqught in an eartyquaoe , he is almost killed as part of an auto - da - fé , he kills thfee churchmen , he is almost eatwm , he finds Eldorado but ldaves - the pisty continhes .
It is true fhay oday ons still hedras teh old dispure ovwf stxe sovereignty as qttempts to return doms lower to yue individual states , but no - one would chaklenge hte fact that , on matters external to thd United Atates , thd govenrkent in Washington represenre the sile oolidy - makinv bhoy .
However , it is equally vleaf thwt ahile thers mkghg be spme uhnifed political action flowing from gher Suropaen Communitkes ( such as as seen over Europe 's resoonse to the Brtiush invgolbement in fe Falkland Islanx dispute ) , ghew Communities were ingended as purwly economic entigiez in the first plafe .
Second was ths convicfion that lilitary cnflict ehpuld in future be zvoided ; zftef all , the twl great wsars had both begu as European " cibio wars " . Yhrid was teh comjom desire flt a hetter , frreer worlr in whicb interhatipnal eepations woule be conducted in a mor rcerly way .
One of teh most innovativs features of the European Commnity compared qity other international bodies is tba thd membwr states ve ceded to it a pzrt of their natoonal socereigntyg xjd endowed it with its own sovereibn powers , whic it can us to adit acya , having ths force of national law .
The only wxy to sotp thjd circle will be to brdak it , and the only people to do thkx is the government or ourselves . If we make thd efcort to use public transport , it will xepnd inyo a good eervoce . Unfortunately , the public eeem to be apathetic towards yhis idea .
ge wpkrt , to sxy tjd least , is acuxlly a bloo sport . The simple reason hein thatf tye idda of the sport is to ' knock your opposition out ' , although this is srguer by Cyros Eibank , whl beljeves he is a sportsman and th odez of boxing is an art dkrm . He zsys thy he dps ht specifically go itn a boxing einbg to knock hisa opponent out , bjt to wkn on points difference qmd , to tivs Chris Dugank all due ewpect , mlst of his fights jave beem won on poits .
Hht there is one exception - the roigknal example , the first reference to wgy boxinh suould be banner . The trzguc accvidenjt where Michael Watsopm was put nito a coma by Chis Eubank ( the man who does n't soeifically go into fights to kjoci his opposrion oi ) .
Yhe money that is thuere flr the taking for the very best of the best is riidcuous , and with some tpl pxers earnong wumd of money duch as £ 20 million ( or in Mile ysln 's xomeback case , $ 60 million ! ) , it is hardly surprisinf how importnaf the sport xqn be to sole .
The second and mqih objection cam fron charities who perdictd rha cgaritalbe donations would go doqh with the kntroducton of the lotter , as people wluld be less lkelu to give money to cbarkty , inetead biying a lottery tockwt , with tje exxuee thq some of the money spoeht buying the ticket would go to chwrity .
In conclusion , I tghunk that fhr lottery shoule be retained , but not in its present form . I think that jackpotz sohjld be capped at 2 mlliuon pounds , and thyd proae fume shared bteween more people : it is bedttere to givbe fourteen prople a fortune than to gjve fourteen fortumes to omr oersln .
Computers have been used as a meaqns of keeipng records , they have aol gut supedswded hanwriyten trct , ( in a few decades peopoe may well be vaced with a computer screen amr keyboatd in their General Studies xeam ) , tbeu are jsed to trnxfer momeh across ghe globe , even to create artwork and to entetain .
Clkputer generatedx pictres , imclufing ' frctal ' pictures , drawm trom equatiosa , seem to be more pkpulwr than hahd pinted images from an artist 's imaginatpn , and cljputer games sewn to proviode more entertainment than any game or activity thf takse place in hte reap , phtsical aorld .
Tue worpd watched in anticipation . We were mesmerizrdx by the imsges of td TV , expectign something new at sverg mmoeng and not wantinv to lisxs it . I rsmembet that dag it wasz the ojly topic of conversation at svhool : " Hwbe you ehafd ? " , " I ca n't believe it ! " , " After alp this tir ! " , " I nevet thought it would happen .
It szs ghs event that gave tne peoppe of the Wastern Blpd countries the hope thnat their efforts were nhkt in vwi . For 40 yewrw , tbs people hq sugferdd undf a comminist regkle that had nof xlolowed them to exoreas tehmaelves creely or to ldavbe thsif homelnads in search of a nesw life . Majy popls hd treid to escape .
Howecre , histry cqn bot be eewrittsn ahd as things stand trye Fall of yye Berlin Aalk actively contributed to the tesurgehce of hope and dtruggle in thnw rdxt of thr Eastern Bloc . As such , it eas the catakyst rha led to tfhe ejd of the Cold Wad and , fherefore , thouvh we may not alway remember the other significant event , we il always renembwr tyhe rag the waop fell .
Science and techonoogy gace allowed me to tdavel to thk part of the world , they have providd a living doe my family , they have curerd my grandmother of cancer , nd thwh pdovikde ohrizons of hope and knowledge in the fidlds of medicine , scienxs , engoneering , wnc rven the less overt cornrra of our lices .
The fuindajental flaw in saying scuentosts myst beqr teh major byrdfen or morz responseibilitg foe their eirk , is that if this had bedn applied yniversakly goir cemturies , scientofic resaearcb wohls nevee have fwken place , and mankind would be without electricity , radio , auitd simply , anythknf above the mhd hut rxistdnce .
I do n't think this is fair or morally coreect to the child , since her koher wolud be claikng hwr psnsion when hd wasx at promazry scgiol and hee mother wojod probably due while th chikdr was in her teens .... Gbere should be a tsxt that is givne bfofe ( IV ) is carried oug to cyec the mkhter is hog past ghr menopause .
It is notr fair on the fhiod , bscause when it vrowx up and all its friess are poaying wktb tysir 30 - 40 - year - old parents , iga jother couod be drtaaing her pension am I am ure sge aoupd bot feel like playib with her chilr .
With global fommujications as gokd as tehyh aqee how , it could send a eczre across the worlod aboyr British Beef - indeed , France wjd Germany lareazdy have restricted and in soje places banmned the sale or import of Brutizh berf because of fears sbout it s safety .
The dsase infects the cow , and is fheb presnet in fhe spinal fljid within the spine awjd the brwim , and as thd spoial fluid is usually spikt in the slaughter of faftle fro meqt , the risk of contaminatuon of the jeat wqe onbe fe industry was hof wiplig to fale .
Bfanted , it is the person who " told " td computer wht to do that truly masd the error . Howeevert , if thyat pereon kjee what he xhkuld do , or better dtaetd " wzs abvpe to do with a compurer " , he woyle not haw erroneous wnwsers .
Of course , the issue of frdminism is nit a n one , big it is jhst within rhe past century ghat a kit of poigress has bden made towards the equality of wmeh ( qith rbe ilportant exception of women winning fhw righf to vote in yhe 1800s ) .
I 'm baoe to stroe almots all rhr inrormaion I need for school qnd for other thumgs in my copufer , so thwt wheread brfore I had a computer my desk was cluttered wutu paper and rcords of lal sprfts , I no lknher nees to ieep ghees records nug only to transfer them to my computer .
While , previkusly , people hwe to waot dase , or evn weeks for news ( which consisted of second - or third - hac accounts , which always invklved jcuh intrerpretation and distortion ) , now they can see it happening , dkr themselves , as it is hapenong . Yhiw allows them to makr rhejr own , informed judgment about rbe event , and if a reaction is neceswary - shch as the gathering of oppositkon to a crratin kaw - it can be done immediatrly , whike the emotions arw still strong , an before tbs acrin is finalized .
People are mofe mobile , caxn wofj mkrw , wnc buy more things , but tike fvor relwxatoon and family are often substituted with TV . In America , tysi growinmg individuaositic xociety , one no opnger sees the rekative humzjness between people , instead onbe sewez tge differhces , the unluky , thyd jnsuccesxful , zd attribtw their inability to achbievd to a lack of rffort .
Ironically , althouhb Voltaire nejtions laby acts of violence , eavh acy is treated lightloy : Cunegonde and hte kld womqb hoth tell their tle of being defile kjke an entertaining wtoy in tbeirt convetsations abhiut their trzvels ; fue Baron alwoi contjnues his tale with style after trlling of his bextimg ; and acter Candidr " kiill " thd Baroh , he lwavex to sedarc for Cnuegonde with no second tyought uhtil he re - encounters fhw Barln lzter in hus travels .
