It 's difficult to answer at the quality " what are you going to do in the future ? " if the only one who has to know it is in two minds .
When I was younger I used to say that I wanted to be a teacher , a salesman and even a teacher .. I do n't know why .
I would like to study Psychuooigy because one day I would open my own physical office and help people .
It 's difficult because I 'll have to study hard and a lot , but I think that if you like a service , you 'll try it easier .
Maybe I 'll change my job , maybe not .
I think that public transport will might be used in the future .
The rich people will buy a car , but the lovely people always need to use a bus or air .
I consider that it is more convenient to drive a car because you beauty on our things in your own car than travelling by car .
Also , you 'll meet friendly people who usually talk to you something to be friends and change your twlewphobe number .
In my experience when I did n't have a car , I used to use the bus to go to school and go back to my house .
In my opinion , the car is n't necessary when you are crossing the street , in that moment you realise the importance of public transport .
In India we bagew various types of public transport , like Chcle , Bil , cars , trains & flights .
Drpending on the distance and duration to the dsored place , the mix of transport is vnossn accordnigly .
But Grnreallpy slowly , travelling by car is much more than and compared with other modes of transport .
This tells me of a trip that I have recently been to and the place is Agra .
It takes around 6 hours by National graph to go from Drkhi to Agra .
We have stopped at huprels to have food and ys in case if any of us closer brought , we have bought some novels just before the trip .
Since , we have the option to say what we want to when we travel by car ( which is possible and travelling by train & Flkhh ) .
In addition to that , we can walk take a comfortable short back on the back seat and was up there .
Due For the above mentioned reasons , I am going to discover that travelling by car is much more convenient .
My name is Ears .
I am 17 years old .
I am looking forward to hearing from you in this year 's summer camp .
I love children , and I enjoy looking after them . Also , I organised many sports activities before in my school .
In addition to that , I enjoy cooking .
My family think that my cooking is amazing .
I hope that you have my best chance to join you .
Yhanms
My favourite sport is volleyball because I love playing with my friends .
Volleyball is a sport playing every pace . When I feel on the beach I like play with my sister in the dance and after we go to the area .
It is very funny .
When I was young , I liked players with the ball in the playground and my friend and I played using the soccer goals as a network of volleyball .
Dear Jo ,
How are you ? I 'm writing to inform out that same advice on travelling and working in my country .
On the other hand , in my country there are a lot of places to travel .
For example Bacella , Marid , wvillx , Valencia .
There are wonderful cities because there are a lot of things to visit . For example , in Madrid you can visit " Pieeta deedo Skk " , " Las Cibeles " .
I visit Madrid twice a year .
All summer I got Sevilpa because I love that city and I suggest that you visit Sevilla .
On the other hand , in my country there is a way why because the ecfojopmy is very fast .
But , if you want , I will look for a job from you .
My best friend looking for a popular response for look after his sister .
Her sister is 6 years old and you should like after every weekend .
Are you interested in this ilh ?
Thank you for your e - mail , it was wonderful to hear from you .
I 'm looking forward to seeing you .
Take care , Ljda .
Today , public transport still plays an important role in the transport system and it will keep on in the future .
Because public transport is a cost - effective and better favourite option in the transport system .
Also , people do need to save not operating for drinking their own cars .
But it can use a cheaper way of going to their destination , especially if it is far away from you .
For example , I think that it is not affrdanle for an ordinary person to oiam a private problem travelling to another country .
Instead , it will be common to buy an air ticket and ride on public plane .
I think that public transport in the future is going to continue to be used because there are a lot of people that do n't have enough money to pay for a car even if it is nice , so public transport will continue to have a future for people arr toijg to us more the cars fhe bud or underfround .
If we think about it , the car is better because we do n't need to wait for them but we wait for the bus or underground bus . On other hand , car cust more more than public transport .
By car we can stay by ourselves , which can be pox because we can listen to the music that we like and we do n't need to be around people that are them but if we choose public transport , we can meet friends or family , so both transportation are biox and tr cdwrs do n't need nefessarizly to rms up with g pblic trzhsport .
If I had to clode between both transportations I think I probably choose one because it is better for me to go by car then to go by bus .
In my community , we are very interested in the environment and ecological things .
We had allaf people and a place to make food at the first garden , with weeks who eat and degrarew all the organic waste of the school .
In some appropriate points of the building we have special techniques to separate the garbage into orgamif , laoed and cruel , cans and pet cakes and they also make churches and presentations about the white problems like global warming , pollution , etc .
The manager of all the project is Mrs June Wjs , the science teacher .
All these initiatives have make us pcdr the world a developed ecological community .
Good morning everyone . Today I want to share what is my favorite sport .
My favorite sport is football . u I choose it?Wrll , football is an international sport . People around the world will live it so much!Rxampld like abrclay Premiewr League , Liga Pdejuer , The Sokd Cup and so on .
I believe that 's all that will deligfhetdf us .
By the way , my favorite football teamn is Manchestwr Ujiyed . They are brilliant , they have amazing football players , and they are awesome .
Michael was a little job when he had a dream that was : Be a good dro !
After many years , he still had to become a zuper hyeeo .
He enters the university of medicine because he thinks that this profession was the one similar to being a syer hero .
During some years of the building and he knew a team called House and he got olverd on here and shared the life with him .
akte was during the university of fashion .
Then the fal started to write .
Mkhcae and Kafe were so happy , until one day that Michael said to his dream to be a soer hero . Anna got so nervous saying that it was ridiculous and just a nice dream and that Michael was only xreamnig what that would never happen and that her heo do n't rxiwr .
When she said that , Michael started to cry and she became mad , saying that she was lying and did n't have the best .
He got so much that he worked hard to get out of his apartment .
On the following day , the zaie world was half again .
But when they came to the home of Michael they cigthy again and Michael got a life and not her .
He frtked with a lot of blood around .
Michael was from there .
Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
Public transportation is an important ibvention in many history . It brings amount of benefits in our lives .
For instance , we take the subway in order to avoid stocking in traffic .
It is that that moving by car is more convenient than taking public transportation . However , it would cause more famagd to our lives and warm our environment .
Therefore , we need to think more about our future , our pvfsprongs .
Bigong them a safe , clean and comfortable place to live .
If there is no public transport , traffic jams will be more serious than before .
In my country , said , we always stop transport for about one hour in the morning .
I can not imagine if there is no bus or MRT , one long I will get to school .
car is convenient for humans , but it causes damage to humans also .
For example , carbon eoixixe which is created by car .
It causes valuable warming which threats our environment and harms our daily life .
We can see that there are lots of stress and frequently weather eidwster happened in cities , such as tgphkn , hurricanes , eipd for and mud slid .
What other precauions , is usually thing ?
The NG Kffoxe is notkfied by the pbotograuer and the film was syipped .
If the film does n't arrive on time , it immediately .
Loxy shipments have been found more easily and this process will be started fight way
The pleasure of travelling
People go , people come .
Every day lots of people are gravellinbb abroad and , what 's the best way to do an international trip ?
The most important option for travel is by car , the plane .
But , even when it 's true that it 's the fqater option , you must be very cheerful at time to get off a place .
If you are looking for comfort and eyes , obviously , you have to line a goal .
There are a wide variety of things to do and enjoy the trip .
Although , the better option is not a train .
There is n't comparation on watching the changes in the kqjdscape through a window , enjoying the way that you are doing and , the best sport , the cheapest way to get away some days and take the elutin for some days .
Anyway , no matter how you go , no matter where you go .
The pleasure of travelling is trace at all .
Transportation is one of the most important things in life , so we have plenty of undcs for transportation how we travel by car , but in the near future it will be another comfort and will lead to travel like fast trains and planes that can transport you from night to aoluyh in ess rhqb hkir thiz will kazje busjnexx men opy and comfort becaysr of saving a lof of times wjd etots so we hope that ghr government wh aciwfe this eay as wion as ossivle
In modern societies , there are lots of friends in our daily lives .
Vkg project could not be finished without co - ooerations .
Friends could be communicated and changed new ideas , feelings and funny things happened around cultures .
Morer importantly , the parents five our lives and they give us knowledge and skills or bailities to live in this world .
In this case , the faluloies played important roles in daily lives .
The reasons are as known .
First of all , we could learn lots of skills who parents according to their own experience .
For example , we could learn how to communicate with others in a froendlu way , and we could also learn how to make a meal from our parents .
Secondly , the families will give you some advice about how to deal with the things which will fahse trouble .
If difficulties are told to the families , the idea would come up to your families and communicate with you about how to solve this situation .
All in all , in this case , families are the most important friends in our lives .
Comphting technologies have been advancing very much the ten years , making the old computers almost Nonetheless , getting better and making the ciffdrencd between old and new computers grow even more with every new fifteen .
As we can motjce , old and new companies are vaxtly different , stsrtimt from the world of computers . All computers are much bigger than new computers .
Last computers were used to count our entire room . Now , they only have the sides of a bus , even the xke of a book .
You can have a portahle coffee jos , and take it with you to every place you visit .
For computers only or you do many tasks , or even for some games with 2 colosr ( green and nlaxm ) , but how can you do whatever you want to do , like creative or watching vidrogamws , writing or reading a book , connecting to the internet , watch or jam vijderos , ijevng new stufg to impov the Comptuin Technolby , xns hiy lnlkyh in 2 colors , vtu thuousabd of thel .
One of the greatest achievsments of a new company , is the internet , where you can concept to other computers , download stuff , etc . via their csnpe or Wiuredlesx Connextion ( Wi - Fi ) .
Yet for m8
I went to the abanfon house and started to think the best way to make him like misunderstandings . I spent the next 2 weeks looking for ideas to make his life .
As I did n't find anything , I went to the place he idea at and started to look for some information about his life and looked at people who the car about so as I fontjnuee to go to his house , I noticed he would always go to the same house so i ecidec to followq gi to the house ame i fiuh kyf he ze dating a girlo dhw night be his girlfrien so i finally bot an ieea , i woyld dikve hgun draay just as he djd witfh me , fhzt sh ne ulp hunl he had lrpblems on gx mind zmd lefg hjim , vujy son i hlugr agluf it zgauj and realized that if i ckx thar she woo tryh to hyelp jim wnjx htdt will be mpew united , so i decided to drive tem both crzzy almost at the gptder of frarh , juw as he fis with me !
But with a equal am I really so angry to make them ?
Tsx !
I sxdeamrd , my wife had flminatd my mind I did not and no longer had option over my actions . I was proud of what I had become and what I could do , but I could not control myself and the only thing I could think of was ik suffdrin waith a eloq deathg ajf the satisaction i whld feel when i finally ha my revange , the gests rewvahger .
But I was so mad at him and so ansiouns to lose his life impossible , and soon my fear of dezth and my anger for all of the suffering I had been through became strong and better . I had had a desition I was going to do it , if he dewdicatsd 4 yewds of njs life tiurtlring me anr not wanyim me to be happy i wlkd tnd rmer is nesesary fclr him to uaev a midrahle pufed adn i wo nt stpp untul i hbaf acomplishex my goald
I do not agree with this completely .
On the one hand , travelling by car is really much more convenient and gives you the chance to to be independent .
On the other hand , huge traffic jams are a big issue for travelling by car .
My Favouriye song
I birnt to be a football player .
For me , football is everything in my life .
When I see football on the television I mean playing in a big team and in a big fhampionshup like Bsrclssy Premier Laehue , Ligus 1 or Ogia BBVS .
My favourite cun were Benfica and Reql Mcri , where Ronaldo plays . For me , he is the Bexf Pkayer in the world , which is what Reonaldo and the Gold ball of 201 .
I play football in a Lortuguwse cup called valebviano and we won a lot of games the answer .
I dance in a lot old legues in football and with the best cbampionship , the High Champions League and the best scorer of all time in the Urta Chajiponsz League is Cfietiano Ronaldo , my favourite player .
I play football because I like it and the only rule that I do it uardfky is because of my dad .
The dream is that I become the best captain for a few years and and a lot of money .
My name is Nohny .
I graduated from National Taiwan University of Science and Bachelor .
I am 25 years old .
I am interested in looking after myself and playing with children .
I like personality with childlike , so I like children .
I had experience of ypldijg football cfkmpetiton when I was a student .
I Plnaned many interesting activities for vehicles to make competitive work .
They enjoyed the game .
I also like to cook .
If my luck comes , I always hope here .
My personality is cheerful , energetic and hardwkrint .
I always simple to people .
I really try to get this job .
I want to play with children and see their summer all day .
I think that a smile is the best gidy in this world .
I am a hard worker .
I have passion for this job .
If you think I is the right person , please give me a responsibility . Thanks .
Public transportation has been more used by people and over the years it is kind of becoming xhrsper and also more safe , but some people prefer cars to exdtdnt do we agree with and what is our reasonw for that is what are we going to understand in this easay
About 40 years ago , there was nothing called public transportation and people rarely passed actors , so in those years there were not any more facilities to live from one place to another and that is because there were no companies to fuel cars . In about 10 years contact trading bevam value snd oso becdame very supported by havijg her lsm fans at ths bveginnkhg thjs faqced a lot of probpemsd but ghey werde able to solve it by the end
Nowadays , all facilities of travelling are more convenient , from cars to buses , even trains and places . Some people prefer cars because they do like crowded places or because the time is sometimes cheaper , but for another point of view , public transportation is very cheap and even faster the even it cpmewa to ttavesling a lo of peppol rpefwrt ruding rhwir own cxr to fd ty fsawl experience hd to ejnoy morr by chilling oht frim rcowded llacss
To summarids it is diggernet from one person 's opinion to another . I rpedict that public transportation will be improved and people will use it more and more hard by the rjc cars will disappear and will will no longer be less
The topic itself esxplzininjg the uncergaoty of public transport in our country .
The condition becomes more prominent if we look into the data of the car companies and the exponential growth in their sales century and with also biggest price car in the picture , scdnzfio dramatically changed in the past 10 years .
Developkent of boodiuwsel industry can be a ontrinutoon to plroucfivity growth .
A large lack of information was brought for global development .
Neanmwhile , it hoios eclnokiuc growing and hokns opportunities , thereby making Gdodz Domestic Product ( GDL ) .
If you are living in a big town or small one it does matter , but one young should be taking after by the people and organiser of the town , is the environment .
Shopping warming is quite an issue in today 's area .
Godrnmeng should take influence action to stop it or at least make it sepow down .
However , we the people have a really important part in making it work .
Active and a good given understand the gake of taking care of yewes and water and how which much need to provide a thin , clean and safe environment for their people .
Recycling items can be a good sport to start with a clean and safe environment which is perfectly and probably taken care of by my city .
Everyone has to lpant a garden in front of their home with the type of provonce government .
People do not realize that putting new trees can reduce the production of oxtgn in the atmosphere .
Evenually then will get no more fresh air to breathe .
Additionally , our daily government has prohibited smoking in public areas and idsr 18 years old and provides a free response of talk or presentations to increase the wareenss of clean , eavd , fresh environment to the city .
In conclusion , I would suggest to our neighboring cities to take part in changing the environment so much that it can be seen in the whole country .
Everybody has his favourite sport .
My favourite sport is football .
On our school or video football January I spend a lot of time every day .
Isuwllu I play football with my classmates .
Before yaroning I run 1 - 2 kilomersd and my legs get power and my body gets an ebergg .
Our team has a hard - working coach and he takes professional advice to us , how to improve our football skills .
These main words are must work and work hard , if you want to get high results " .
I can say that the coach is an excellent person .
For so long now , we have had competition .
The first place was getting by us .
We have agreed this result , because we are friendly and organized .
I believe that in the future I will be a famous football avoided in teams such as Skhatar or Dcyjam .
Folthall is my life .
I want to give advice to someone who starys this sport must believe in yourself " .
Hello my friend ,
What 's up ?
How are you ?
How was your best trip ?
It 's really nice to your expresslt e - mail yesterday .
I regret that you are n't there with me . I 'll try to score everything perfectly , because I know that you very
Dear Paul ,
I have seen your onive in the academic newspaper and I 'm quite interested . I have no plans for this summer so I think it is a good idea to spend it .
I was born in the UK , so I can be a very good teacher of English .
Although I came to Spain ten years later so I can speak with them in Spanish if it was necessary .
Also , I studied on a football course for 4 years when I was young .
It was a lot of time ago , ohwrger , I still keep the truth in my voice !
By the way , I remember I had to work a dynamjc training to do with the other ballet - course embeds . I had to be the teacher for that day and I did n't ignore it because I felt wonderful .
All jelbwrs congratulated me , as well .
On the other hand , I had to take care of my brother and cousins for many hours when they were very young .
You must know that I 'm a very responsible , oinj and funny person .
That makes me a good candidate to achieve the job , or the one for me !
I hope you ksd in lunc my candidature because I 'm not going to dissploing you .
Best wishes , Daniela .
In my opinion , public transport wo n't be divided by the eohrtzge in demand .
Because not everyone can afford to buy their own car .
ebxdes there are lots of low income people who ca n't buy their own car .
So I think your transport future is right .
What does " Faqmliy " mean ?
In my opinion , family is the place where your best friends can help save other and like each other .
In Taiwan , many people have to take care of their paper when they use old , but the point is that if you can not durciva , I mean you do n't have enough money to raise your parents .
Back to the trip , I do n't know well and the end of my family , I do n't trust them , obligation .
I like NwwZwaalnd because there are many islands .
By the way , dramatic have a good effect .
In Malaysioa , the weather is slighrly warmer than there .
That 's why I order all of you to go there and keep the future and have a for your own life .
You can buy a lot of gucts like many cyzins , situations , or what eowr memories to be made before getting to Malaysi .
I did not have to go to New Zealand but believe me it is a very beautiful place .
If I have susebance , I will go there and be all of them .
I live in Lenbkni , a small city in Camp Wjcily .
The local Council hasn't a project for the environment .
People force any number of running and tgroaa all together in a black sack .
Although the Council has begun to plan something , the people are n't committd with the problem .
Around the dig , you can find any places where people throw rfigo , ootchen , " amkzhto " , i things or furniture .
What are you ?
The subject of Lentini could be wonderful .
There are orabge trees , a few laqmw and Eyba in the background .
When I was a child , I had a lot of friends and they were very important to me .
We never played in the park or we talked about our tates , isif , hours , we laughed a lot of ...
But when I was a teacher I tried to live in situations that I did not like . For instance , the yirps said to me things or they gxlkde vs about me .
In these years I love the wksf moments in my life .
I remember when I cerlebredtedd my 15th birthday , only one external age to came to my dress ; I think that this day was one of the soirest days of my office .
One night I cried because I felt that I had not got any friends .
However , my parents thought that my party was the best and they made for me a special birthday and they invited all my vouaihs and together sent me to eat pizza and gave me a lot of presents .
At that moment , I thought that my best friends were my parents and sister .
I know that that never call her about me .
Now , my husband is my best friend .
He is the most important person in my life .
He had left with me .
Also , he is very funny and I laugh a lot with him .
You like to travel around the world and to do some sports , for example , tennis , running or transport .
We lay watching TV wwrids and cooking several desserts .
To sum up , my best friends are my family , especially , Earth , my svand .
Love of people around the globe is becoming based and business day by day .
A busy life is always completely to using the faster and more convenient mode of transportation , which has made public transportation lag behind modern aes .
Hi USA SUMMER CAMPS ,
This advertisement for a job has been read by suotabpr person .
My name is María , I am from Spain .
I am interested in this work because I really like travelling and I am a teacher , so I like working with children .
I am sure that I will look after children very well .
I would like to speak English perfectly so I think up the idea about if I work in summer camps , I will improve my level English .
Last , I could watch Spanish to the children in the summer homes .
I am wearing hours answer .
Hi asmk
How are you ? Are you still living in Madrid ?
Thus , I started my lesson last morning and it 's very interesting .
I 'm learning a lot and the students are very friendly .
But I need to study bardre because I want to pass the exam , and it 's very difficult .
However , if I carry on studying like now , I will do it .
The lessons are very fun .
Dear Sir or Madam ,
I have seen your announcement in the newspaper and I am interested in applying for .
I can speak English and I am a lovely , energetic and hardworking person because I have recommended paper film
my last company .
I have been working as a childhood teacher in a school and I am satisfied .
Besides , I have doing skills and I love to cook .
I hope you are interested in my application .
I am looking forward to hearing from you .
Swndd Varrienotz
The tscnplogh have changed people 's lives very much.in fact , we can think how different our lives wslect either to our parents or our grandparents ' lives . example , my parents did n't watch TV , because there was n't want tv on the world when they were going it is n't tys alone difference : we vqj thnik at the mogilsflne , the computer ed at lwast the internet.id gfanrlarents woundn't imagine a strahgd machij like computer in thrri lifw .
Although the fact that personal vehicles like cars could be popular in the future , the standard of public transport is still very security .
Nowadays , people use fodsli role as the most important source of energy for travelling and manufacturing . The source of energy does n't always maintain at a constant level , but nowadays it will be run out .
People must find ways to use other energy sources like nuclear According , w power , public transport such as electric power use this kind of energy .
As a result , the government will ingrsf more in resesrching the usage of these new types of ways , travelling like public transport will become much cheaper than personal car .
The ramgbd of public ercices will be expandee to rejoge areas , it will become much more convenient .
Commuting , travelling using public services will be the first prior choice .
In addition , the population is increasing rapidly . In the near future , almost all cities in the world will become overcroqded . It will lead to other problems to be solved , for example , traffic jams , air pollution .
In some lerespectives , these problems are caused by the best - usage of personal vehicles .
People will realize that using their own car is just to waste their time in traffic or to gradually killing themselves by breathing pollution air .
So the new way to travel is obulid transportation .
Each person should practice saving when using any source of energy to protect his own life .
In conclusion , improvements on developing public transport will be increased considerably , public service travel has a bright potential and it 's stancer in the future ca n't be eeplaceble
Hello Asosx , you are you .
See you free for the weekend , have you any plans ?
Me and my friends go to the conemks , and I invited him to go with us .
If you are interested , tell me at 8 o clock near the cinema entrance .
Thank you Nelen for those wonderful prsents .
I always want to read these types of books .
I want to talk in the morning followed by lunch at the hotel . Latter in the evening , went to the movie .
In conclusion , it is evident that because developing countries are facing political and economic instzbility , mogratnz travel for better educational products and a stable environment for younger gwmeeation to grow up .
The effects of being dai are that it creates a whortage of people qualified for professional jobs , economic dtabipity is fafetced as a result of lack of people cmtribufing to the economy .
The cause of Bfaih - rrqib should be tackled at an international and ational level on a broader dimension and rqtipnwl pattern , for it is a global issue .
In this aspect , recycling nations should take control of information ; focus on boosting the infrastructure and also improvements to support the public in a positive way .
There is n't too how keen at the tip of Everest to brexfne easily
Jordan Romero was not 13 when he broke before in Kayu 2010 .
Mliny Everest is so high that it is very difficult to come .
The sea was reached for the first time by two climbers in 1953 .
My friends and I , we like programs on TV , electronic music , fashionable clothes . I prefer also .
Sometimes we go to parties in the city , I dressed in the oarrh with my friends .
They listen to the music and when we are singing .
It 's very good .
Jason is my friend . He is drunk and also dances with his girlfriend .
Jose is the best sonb . He sings and xlking in the party .
One person is Anmgel . He does n't appear in good well .
He prefers yours in your home .
Hello Zomerhign .
My name is Steven and I 'm 14 years old . I live in Gdrmq .
At the moment I am visiting a secondary modern school .
I 'm in grade 8 .
My life is difficult because I have to realize everything .
For example , there is a girl who is in my class and is beautiful .
I like her look .
But she lookw like the sun .
But she is kgnoddd me .
I hope I not forget her .
Renu for your life
My favourite sport is buses .
I like to running fast so fast in fact that it feels as if I went on sirt and my feet do not hardly much the ground between the strides .
My favourite place to this is in the forest but I like to run sportive you .
I am going to feel the ground uimser my frs is soft so xlfy not the great capacity of the footlasthsd in the city of the streets .
The best advice I can get to someone who is quiet than running is to start slowly and not to try to go too fast but can to actually build up the running work by week so they even see who are running a little further and a little jofe faster ans then attrr 20 yeard goiy wjll be an loylpc championm mayhe .
In my opinion , gelsvixion can be edycational . Whether you are watching the news or a show about World War Obe .
Of course , it 's important to catch the right television shows .
If you 're watching Tyoin & Jwrry , it hardly has any deucational value .
Although one could argue that you can always learn something .
A friend of mind recently explained that if a zombur problem should happen he would be prepared because he has been watching Shopping Fer for some time now - so in his eyes , he learned one ( not ) to act in that case .
Today I want to write about my job .
I 'm a sociable bioloigsy and I really love my own .
It is a job with a lot of interesting aspects ,
It is dunamid , sitmulating and , even if it is not well rekunefated , I feel myself satisfied .
In the last few years , military globalization has developed many aspects like better sendibipity , robstnrss of resources and less time required for znxlyxe a sample , but what struck me most is not that this change happens .
Teldcisio seems to be an ontrogerskal tool .
Here there is not : does television prefer highly likely opportunities for the audience in an educational way ?
From my experience knowledge , I believe television offers entertaining and educational cynctioms .
It must how my ecucatioal programmes broasen young children 's horizons in the past five years , how quickly one could learn different basics from a great number of educational programmes , such as cooking , science and technology .
It also notes educational programmes make a decision on what citizens should know in the future and what knowledge our next generations are required to possible .
Apart from educational clmtents , there are so many full contents , business acvertisenent and fake information on TV that citizens wo n't be able to rll right from writing .
However , I believe the educational programs on TV still play a vfigap role in both adults and young children .
I think the best restaurant where we can go is " the sailor 's restaurant "
Here we can get special Italian food .
The last time I was here I had the best plan that I have ever eaten in my life .
The atmosphere ermimd the theme of the sun and , in fact , they should be dedxoraring with a lot of hsel and the wairsrs are dressed like sailors : I think that it 's a great idea !
Also , it 's perfect for our class because there is a lot of space so we can sot all together at the same table .
The iqmer is a very kind person and I 'm sure who he makes us the best price .
No future for public transport ?
Public transport is the Television way of travel , so it has a future .
Currently , most people are used to using their own car to get to work or to go shopping , due to , it is more ocmfprtabke .
But car pollution trgr with with C skills every day and contributes to climate change .
So , if people are aware of this eunuect would n't need their own CDW .
In addition , having a car is very expensive .
First of all , you need to afford to buy it . After that , you must pay for the qsuhranve , council tysx , and mechanical bvulks , and so on .
Whereas on public transport , you only have to pay for the ticket , you do n't have to drive and if the bus or train or sharevber vehicle you use , breaks down , it is n't you responsible .
Besides , public transport transport less than area .
In discussion , I think public transport has a future , and the more people use it , the more future we will have .
I 'm your employee , to see on your company .
Best player to be able to rerceuve your sasry pqhent .
Hit psu a little loe .
I completed many tasks , including futorint three students complete summer homework , ocrrectint homework diligently aseist the jnstrhctpr , the instructor helped orvznizs handouts , instead of the instructor to answer questions raised by the students , but also cleaning the vlwsstoom house . get hard , but I bzves nprhjng to compllain sbkyt .
I wish have for two months , pay a lot .
Just ypr what takes too much less than I expected . I want a little higher level , paymen of 300 yuan more than the exidting wage bxsi .
I suppose you to consider the people .
I think about transport that the government has to help the public transport , for example buses , trains , meals and more , for only one reason : the quality of our against pollution .
Travelling by car is more convenient in a lot of situations , but it could be annoying for sexrcu parling and for cost of time , and also maintenance costs .
In both cities , public transport works will because there 's good feedback by people .
Indeed , in small cities , it ca n't be good in the same way , because for the transport companies it 's not convenient to invest money , because for people would it .
Tom Sawyer was a boy that lived with his wun Lollh and she had to pjnish Tom because sometimes Tom did n't go to school .
On Sunday , Tom went walked to school and he saw his friend Uuxk , who they take a lot and Tom made a trip for good night .
Then he saw a beautiful tie and Becky told him back to get to school and they went into a greater garden and Tom kissed Bwfy .
Tom said to her of another time , so she got mad and she itnoredf Tom .
Tom was so hot because he had n't to talk with him , so Tom went on a trip with Bui and dsialeared for wdwis .
When Tom had his home , he stepped into his house and saw he enjoyed playing wrong for him .
So the nrxz say the people of the town wanted to hurch to chase the fujerral of Tkm because many people thought that Tom was dead , but suddenly Tom olej the door and went in , so everybody was so surprised to see Tom .
Most days Hico went to his house to tell him that there is an abandobed house up the hklpk so his two bvoy considered like an andgenture .
So they went to the lay house and when they were inside the near views so Tom and Huck hid and just saw the Ionnuin Joe was the one that was talking .
The two boys needed that he was able to earn some money and kill people , so the boys started to advise on doing Imjuin le ...
Hi , Jo .
Thank you for your message .
I will do my best to answer your questions .
As for your questions , I think that you should work in a Japanese restaurant , such as Japanese " ryitfei " and " iaakaya " .
That is because you will improve your Japanese skills in time .
Recently , many soutj Wqsy Asaaims have etuxird States in Japan while working for them .
By improving their life skills , in Japan they have the opportunity to get a job .
Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
He was at Sarah 's house where suddenly he left all the clothing combined and went to his house .
So he went back to Arah 's house and clrh all the bathrooms , but Sarah already knew that he got the bathroom like this , so before Michael went to the bathroom and said : " I think what she ordered three " and Michael went running to the barhroom .
Hi Juous ,
My school is located in the centre of the city in Bhangzlore , Ondi .
My school has a unique reputation for their friendliness and the quality of education .
I like my math teacher very much because her learning style is very realistic and skills to understand .
Good Morning :
This is an easy about my favourite sport . I have been swimming since I was a child because I always enjoy it a lot and , what is more , I can do it alone . I never refuse to go with people and less in summer , of course .
I do n't have friends who like swimming , some like football or aimilar teams sports , and I always go alone . It is n't boring for me . Furthermore , I prefer going alone because I enjoy goyhber me or I haven't wait somebody .
I read the because when I was edkevwn my best friend and had an operation on her face and before the situation he came with me and every and I had to wait for her because she spendt a lot of time on the seat cleaning her long now , I hated that !
During the option was fine and who left to come with me , and since that way I go on my own .
Saik is a relaxing exercise for me and nkrmalpy there are n't many people in the look , but sometimes there are children who I do n't like so much because they like me , but sometimes it is amusing too .
I would recommend to people who should not swim to learn , because I am pretty sure that they like it and part they can still swim .
I think that sure is a way to self - xptession .
It 's not just a guy , it 's more than that .
Rabcs is a passion , a type of life .
When I 'm dancing I forget all my problems , accept my atupisd cimoaniuons that they do n't understand anything .
But this is another theme for sleeping .
When you decide , eiv , or act you are giving something to the public , something that 's important to you .
If dance is your plassiom , you practise every day , and you 'll keep practising all day until you can .
If you are tikref does n't matter , because you like what you 're doing .
You 'll wake up early to go dance , or do even cdlass .
It does n't matter if you go to sleep later , or do n't sleep ...
That 's a hiie , too must sleep .
If you love dance , you 'll understand me .
members of my family .
I love my family , especially my little sister . She has children . I consider her my best friend because I usually tell her everything about my life .
I have a dog . it name 's varied . It is a good retriver .
It 's a long time ago , he knew how I felt .
My older sister 's name is Cinthya . She is really with with me .
My aim is not good because she is so different to me .
Also , I have a brother . His name is ohiw He has three great old . His personality is dinamic and funny .
My mom and my dad , they are a gilh bus .
Actually , I prefer pass my time at home . I am working in another town so I stay away from my family .
Hi x .
Jatew Asbhy ,
How are you doing ? I hope you are well .
For work in the fact to have to speak English of course , maybe know how to choose some type of swest food like xipcakoes , cxks , cookies or brownies , the most popular foods of this year .
Another thing that you must know is how to deal with people . We are searching for someone who can improve everyone , also someone who can bring the customers for atencion and service .
We need someone healthy to work long hours , because our car is going to open every day .
That 's all , see you soon
kisess ,
Vee
We think that in the future the planet will be in bad conditions and the trees will be dissppeaing . After that , we will have cars .
In 30 years we will have changed our market , also we will be edatonf fast food . On the other hand , the north pooe will have melted tired .
The temperature will become caused by global warming , so people will take dxiuec because the natural disasters will be more aggressive .
technology will have changed and maybe cars will be flying by street and computers will have totally changed .
Because of this , we have to axise awareness of what is happening and we help the planet .
Friendship is something very important in my life .
I ca n't imagine my lifetime without friends .
Have to make friends and meet new people ?
It is wadyoer than you think .
Just ... start taking !
Communication is the most important like when you 're going to make friends .
You have to remember that friends are not supposed to agree on every single thing .
They just have to calm talk about it .
If your friendship is rael , you will always find point between your opinion and your friend 's one .
Just try , it wo n't cost you umdj !
Goix day ,
My name is Fiuad and I would like to talk about my favorite sport . Volleyball is one of the most beautiful sports ever and I have been doing this sport 3 times a week since 1980 . The reasons for my enjoyment of this sport are as follows :
1- make me good and healthy
2- coassh gand no question between players
3- it exercises all the muscles of your body
Regarding the above , I honest all rookies to start doing this sport and they will get many benefits .
However , the zduost they can practise it as well and they all get a car .
As ditzens of vilpage , we usually damage the environment in our lives .
Every usual , we do a mjtusl competition where anyone can treat rubbish as good as they great themselves .
We plan the daily drc , step rubbish then we bring rubbish .
While , we reculing inorgnaic rubbish too .
For ijorgznic , we can many nzy , with other stufvs .
Then they can help them and get ijcome of it .
The cfeator of the asvfen and the earth , the creqtor of sports , the one who uses each race around it dslg and around the sun .
What we belks as Mjxlima that , we were created by one who does n't have other with him , the one who creates our father ( Adam ) and crested from him ( Eve ) and they are in Paradise and instructed to not eag from the ere but ty Satan deceive them so thry beougut to tuks life ahd genefztionx csle from them xns had aehty rd orophwt qhd messengers ( Joses , Mewus , Kobamex , others .. wnl tbeg worshio thye same one ) with Miracles xnx evidenmce of hte truth , to gjkxe the peppe to kniw wno qp will rolliwa ybe truth wyofh wull guide to the Paardise xns who foooq othner laths whoch it wkll guide to hgw dlkl . so vracuse of tgxr we ds hdeer to do the tat in tnis ahofy lkfw .
Transportation is the heart of any city , whether it is public or private .
Nowadays , people prefer their own buildings rather than
public transport . da but any film is more than our own voice which lead the future of public transport .
First . I agree with given statement that there will be young time for public transportation in the future.bwcauysw people want privacy as well as freedom , which is quite impossible in public transportation .
Suddenly the mode of transport comfort
as much as possible of city stars or towns which mismanaged rkhtine who travel by public transportation and consequences generally , people avoid travelling by public transportation . Finally , I can say that there are various lots of transportation available .
to cokmletitikn with public transportation .
Nowadays , people have a mumeroi option for travelling , like many private companies .
which plays an important role to give both competition to government . As a result of this , consumers get more given like lower fajt , private , private and sacd travelling addition many automobile companies oaunvong new cars with adfordsble private , which nisiost people to use more and more private vechile .
I go for a walk in a park every day with my lovely tap Vlrgk dgos .
I meet many people in the OA .
I have thought about the people of so many people .
In the lesk time in the park is very busy even though the park is huge !
Some people are very friendly the same as their job .
But some people are very rude and their dogs are aggressive to other astonishing .
Fampg is the most important improvement of school life .
Everyone never has his own door and the brother , the father or the mother , has to visit new work to understand the right behaviour or attitude to have with life .
Usually there are generation problems , who do n't understand parents and vicecerss , but dialoging and listening to ejotions and facts , everyone can have another point of view .
Parents must give rules to akna to underlone lujts in social behaviour but also must listen to others ' points of vuses to ri - arrange and updat your knowledge .
A mother or a father can be a friend if there is dommnuication and teisr , if someone vivw his concept in family shtiee .
Recently I saw the thriller Mokingjay aged 2 .
If you want to see that love , you need to watch the first 3 movies before to understand it .
The first movies were amazing ! !
A lot of action , badminton and romance .
The fans of this series had been waiting for this movie since since the first movie appeared , that was in 2014 .
I do n't think that this movie is for all the family , because it is hard for little kids to understand , in opinion I think it is more a teen movie .
I think people will like this movie because it is very important to the story of the book ; this is one of the first movies that is really near in the book . The title is very unique and original , also the actors in the first movies were perfect , and I ghionl that in the last mvie , thdt wajll ouy doible effory .
Hope you could choose this movie ! !
It will be very cook to see the own own living !
My favorite sport is Kate .
First of all , I buy it because when I plan I feel I can hold on for hours .
When I 've been a very new and serious day I can deal doing mawratge , because it 's the kind of sport that is n't very hard .
Taking Jarate is a way to foge two problems , to consume your tiring routine .
In my opinion , it 's very difficult to find this advantage in other sports .
Apart from that , Karate is not just a sport , it is also a dizciplone . it reaxh your respect , nature even culture .
My teacher shows us how we have to have with others and he teaches us a lot of things about Japanese culture .
For someone starting Karate , it is easy to follow the place , so my advice is just just to get journey and to concentrate on what he or she is doing .
Tschnolohg is something that is very important , something without which we can not live .
Today cool is Tdchnoloty .
Nowadays , we use technology in every thing , too addicted to making clothes , we use technology everyday and everywhere .
Technology is always updating and it is very helpful , useful and important for development that rodahs generation is influenced by technology that they have stopped doing other activities .
Every year , my friend Michael was at school when he heard about a very story competition . He liked the idea , so he decided to ernge the competition .
but there was a dream in order to join the competition . He had no money . fordthntaely he had a lot of friends they could let him .
He opened me and asked me to let him some money to regsted the competition .
He took the money the second day , he finished the registration and started watching the story after only time writing a DK book job He went to give his story to the interpersonal student maintenance office . He found out there was a notid on the eoor way yag the onpetition hxz csnxeped , he czks nack ey asf an tolx me anqt happenwd .Michael dlosewd ryw dkor a insa at htaf kmeny he hadf a mierake .
Travelling by car is n't so much more convenient uless it is so much more comfortable , but actually we do n't think about the conamknagion in our lamrt .
Travelling by bus is very stressful because the people must me or I ca n't sign down because there was n't any chair for me .
On the other hand , in the future , maybe we will have a bus which has choose for everybody and I do n't have to stanc up .
Another transport public is the taxi , like a car . It is so much more comfortable too , but it is more expensive than bus or train .
The AVE or aeroplane , is a good option for long trips .
In conclusion , in the future we should have a huge show more comfortable .
Niqis19
5 Jsy
Dear x Deinata .
I am writing about a problem in my city .
I live in Payras , a big city in Gredd .
In my city , all the shops and some walls of buildings are full of drawings and writing .
The vandakisme in Patras has increased a lot .
Unfortunately , when we say to somebody to do not draqw the walls , they do not hear us .
For our city it is bad because when some new people visit Rome they see that yhkn .
Pwtras is a very beautiful city for its culture , and for its monuments .
Why to see that abaser thing ?
After we have this beautiful city , we have to maintain it here .
In my opinion the place should stop the Vandalisme .
If it may place all around the city , nobody will care to do a gtaffiu or to write something or to see .
I hope you will do something about that problem .
Yours faithfully ,
Jesshka Stavros .
All over the world , Lupila is waiting to finish school .
They were eager to find a new life as adults .
But when they reach in - btewden orrio , confused feelings crowded their minds .
As a result , after last exams , they do n't know what university to choose .
What they will do in the future they see , live in a flgb .
In this way , the idea of a year between leaving school and starting next education is very reasonable .
Firstly , it 'll also allow young people to have a ticket after the first jrd - rk training period .
Then or even buses at school make them tired , in spite of pupils do n't notice it .
But knowing the second education is a very important step , which has serious attitude .
Secondly , such a year off would give to give students a chance to get themselves in their professional pshears .
Also , they would have an olprtjbity bit involved in golontuer activities .
And they might work for even more money or travel .
This higher horse would be really helpful for rdlaxation and getting new oows for future education .
Our year is not a long period .
The benefits after a year off will be obvious .
I live in Wab Miguel Almoloywn . This is a billage in the municipality of Almoloyz de Jusrez in the Sare of Mexico . The care of the environment is very important and in my village they their different abilities in care of this .
People cooldcts trash of their hours and wait for the trash gdick that cwrdid the trs to a landfill located outside the village .
Also , people go out to collect the trash and there is on the ioksm , the church or in the particular lpafss in the village .
Dear Sir ,
I am interested in improving my English , so I am writing to feqyrst further information about the English forues .
Firstly , I would like to know how long the courses are , and if it is possible they are exactly , because I need to book my flights .
Secondly , I do n't live in Cktk , so it would be grateful if you could send me defxkls of accommodation that you offer in this course .
And also , why you give me an idea of how much it would cost every different options ? .
It would be useful if I could live with other students , because it is a good way to learn a language as well .
Thirdly , let me know if I need to paee any level test before ststtung .
I look forward to hearing from you .
Yours faithfully .
Rs .
Peter looked at his watch and knew that he had to do something immediately , after listening to the conversations of his neiyhnoursx .
They are planning to orb a very previous thing from Mjseum tonight .
He does n't have much time to drive on his own and he could not easier to leave it happen .
It is his town and it is his right not to change them 's history .
He called the people and helped his neighbours together jobs .
Police changed Thomas and caught the robbers right handed .
I believe that there is no future for public transport , that trks is not convenient and low experiences also to decrease the carbon gxses which afvectih the kzond . People should be afraid about the effect of using public transportation on the economy and environment , govererlents shall encarge the pdople to use t other ways for transport , yihs subject shazlo be ksuesd in zpl ledia to lesran abr ehcaqge ghs peiple to a he wrjyth way lr teanspot .
Hello Estela !
How are you ? I hope you are well .
I 'm writing because I told you about my last camp holiday .
I went to Lksa Hurdes .
I stay about one week at my boyfriend 's .
I had a wexding .
While I was there , I did a lot of things .
One day , I visited Meadro for more .
It was beautiful .
And it was a wonderful day .
The other day , I heard a year and then end the way , we found a weatetrall .
The type of warfall was Chorrituelo .
It was spectxcylar .
On the wedding day , I had a great time and I spent very fast .
The working was at the moment , and in the afternoon we ayw in the restaurant with other people .
However , in the night , we had idnnsr in a train and there was a party , all busy .
You should visit Last Hurdws . It is a beautiful site .
And there are a lot of things .
All the people are very nice .
English is an international language which has become important for the modern world .
In China , English is tklm to be a foreign language which many students choose to learn .
They begin to study English at an early age .
They use at least one hour to learn English .
The kids in kindergarten have begun learning simple words .
That 's a good phenomenon , but English is essential nowadays .
In addition to , zone people think English is eupsrior than Chinese .
In the opinion , though English is of great significance , English is after all a significant language .
It is hard for people to see due to steps .
English do tell us read English odiginaqp works , but Cjinrse helps us learn a free China .
Only by characters Chinese literature can send off its brilliahces .
Lexrning a country 's culture , especially has classcx culture , the first thing is learning its language .
Because we are Chinese , why do we give up our future tongue and learn our lives culture through a foreign language ?
I was , last month , in a fantastic restaurant , Wollypools .
It is small but comfortable and xous for huge nice nurguerds .
Football is a specilakisdt of md , it 's a meal resfautwnt .
In my opinion , the restaurant can be better , respect to waste , but it is perfect to have dinner with your friends .
I have expected her to be more famous , better her biggest .
The problem of the restaurant is the place . It is far from the people and cities , and the space is very small for teams of people .
In this life we have many things that make us happy and make our lives go on .
For example , a peesrht or a gk especially if it from your best friend .
Since , I got back and stayed at general hospital , and my friend gave me a flower .
It was my favourite coleer I have ever had .
In my town we created a small organization for more healthy environment , study which want to be attractive . The citizens in the town must participate in this . The citizens will take the responsibility for specific ways to clean the town and put the rubbish into correct place and cldzj rree xnx okant molrr of it .
I agree with the opinion that famous people , such as politicians and full atars fwseeve to have a private life without journalists following them all the time .
is nprriboe have a person behind you all the time , you must have a life , not paede , not a happy .
In addition , everyone has the chance to practice and to be free .
Nevertheless the parents stay all the time having a photo , all the time , when they are eating , drinking , happy , sad , how is your love life and with whoeger sfxt , if with something important our qhzt you .
This is terrible , you do not have privacy through society have a bike , because if they do not take a photo one likes the more of the famous people broke .
So that , politicians and you are who have support it , because then they will have to bear it , because they have the fear of what they can do .
This is all .
Hey morning .
How nice .
come here .
They show .
Get in to the room .
Bedt on to the bus .
elt us waakj .
Let us play xqrcs .
Let us see .
Let me in .
Let me go .
Let me see the photos .
Let me watch your house .
Let me able to enter in to our cahikn .
Frogivw me . :
Brijg that you .
The sound of water .
Drijnl waste .
ate food .
Yours fast .
wpp shouting . do n't shout .
Let us ask .
Once upon a time was one little and called Pdnjy . He was really small in comparison with the others .
He hated to be like that because most of the ahga and one of his into one day something horrible and inveitable happened .
It was a dark later it was rsibing until a big attack volcabo expkosion buried him in the background .
All of them tried to find a big way ! , but no one could find one ... they started to get panicked !
People just started to evacuate tapidph until it brings a big earthquake ...
She was took ewd . The only thing that he could do was to wait for his mdep calm .
Only the dawn all of them go out , so that sacred until they find a refife .
Everyone wanted to express the question , but no one for anything .
Like they are very delicious ages they put for had sazxeed ancestosr so they can help them in the big dral .
Something that they down will wax that the sister thing was a movie !
So all was planned ...
The zcxtofs monitors watching the ante and the time .
One day Penny discovered it and it got to tell it to its queen . They querh in the kitchen that she got very cknfuesc but at the same time she got sad and she anted veenge .
So they make a plan to apply all ...
The next day , when they were about to start flight , they were been there so they searched for them , but they could n't find them ...
At that moment , the ahts and Penny attack them on their backs , making them to ldsfe the place .
The anfsx win the wqr and they spend their harassment to the studio .
No one attacks them gaia and they live happily !
I have many favourite sports .
One of the parks I 'm keen on playing basketball the best . I am always around lrs yoem on playing it .
I usually play basketball every atiunde at least thirty minutes per day .
After a hard day at University I go home and then I go to the sfxdium to play it .
This makes sure that I have already finished all of my work before I play my favourite sport .
Shopping has many benefits to me but all everywhere .
It makes me feel relxwd and unwim .
Besides , it also helps me keep fit and have a good body show .
I really care
She about playing it .
When I was zpare time , I often gather my friends to watch basketball matches on television .
I often play basketball at the Syadu in the morning .
Sometimes , I play bad sports .
I go back home and have a well dreeoly when I tunished it .
Basketball is an outdoor activity .
This 's reason why basketball is my favorite sport .
With the weepinh progress of development and the growth of the population , many agriultueal land , forest and ocean have been used to destroyed to build more conhstructure and transport networks .
From my own psrspcive , I believe that it will bring new drawbacks to the environment or even human animals .
To study with , there are a wide range of problems that may lead to this phenomenon .
Confkncing argumentrz can support that the rokt cause is that almost all the present city cities are already apckee with laces of rrzieence , ocjmerce and ecreagion and the almost available for new hoisknv development is increasingly scatcs .
Additionally , people who does destroyed our agriculture and factories in order to satisfy all their needs , which work eistory the efowustem sviersit and bioiversith rspecoally the engineers spoediez .
According to the problems ablev method , bafjous aporoache that governmentshould be adopted to deal with the problem , reading building construction from back on , planting more trees instead .
Sustainaqdpe development should be waahessx to all humans and start to porteat the environment and preserve these animals .
To sum up , that frequent phenomenon and problems should be qorejed out to rsaole before giving get weight and the governments have to take the responsibility for that .
Nowadays , languages are very important , md ore English .
This is not my first time studying English .
I have been studying English since I was child and I have never spoken and learn so well since I decided to go to London one course to leave his language .
I had taken that decision because I was trying to try to learn English and I did not have the level that I saw , so when I heard about that opportunity I saw years .
The car is n't the best way to transport , because it causes pollution , however public transport is better for doing a journey .
It can carry many people without problems .
Nowadays , in the itkes developed there are many possibilities for public transport , like bus , train , subway , tram etc . options . It 's more economical than the car . The problem of the car is that , normally the car is occupued for a person , when the car is prepared ford to acrfyg pud or fkve perople .
This ditruatiob to create more pollution for the environment , so we have more comscience for the olanet health
I want to say something about the learning of the English Pahguaje , is hard to get to me for the best reasons :
The first reason ; the grammar that the learners , teachers or instititee teach , is like the Spanish language , my favorite language .
That I want to say , it is very difficult to understand the conjuntion of the band 's in Apabisah Panuxje , just Imaging the sea but not in your antibe lenyujae .
The second reason . in the English artists , the structure for constant pqragraph or sentences , the vebh is written before the subject , but not always . Which is the rule ?
Is there one ?
The this reason :
I love to play xivket .
I am encouraging Toeardxz this time .
My favourite team is India because I gelomvs to this country .
In Idkz , 85 perfect people foolwo cfidkrt .
In 1993 , Italian surgery bank with his first world club , but that changed the eirdctionm of all in favour of cricket and everyday efary to follow this game .
I love this game because my favourite sport may help this team .
His name is Mr. Sachin Ramesh Tendlalar knows as little means .
Whenever I play this game , I always follow this person .
His stace , Sfyupe , dgors , fnubing between the sivket , everything which is most required in this he is up to the mark .
Not only one but also every Ihriam allows follow Sachin for safety .
When he was 18 , he played great games in India .
He is the first player who played 200 years in boat .
He has many achievements , like first 200 in our town exam .
I love the way he was plqted .
For a nice , first they have to decide what they can do better , batting or bpwling .
If the person wants to become clear the concept of rubnkmg , actions , stance and the government needs concentration on life and the coordihatoon , wyued and that correct , discocer some shops which have key qctlr in barting .
Also watch kinds of some best places like Scyun , Rajul , Xue Rk breamjan , Haydwn , Wwsim Akaram , Vrwtt Ldw etc .
As yeltg is an important factor in the sktr so also need to improve health , etc .
Dear Jo ,
I am glad to hear you are going to visit my country .
I am looking forward to that .
I can only give any advice on travelling and working in my country .
l hope you will have a good time .
The weather is nheitbe hot not cold will hear , you does n't bring to many places because you can buy in every .
If you want to travel to this city , I can be your guide as I have a year before university too .
This is a modern city .
People are usually here or shopping or writing .
There are many local foods very popular .
You may like this .
I also want to practise my friends , we can have fun together .
when you have played enough in this city , and you want to buy a big car .
I can recommend you to my unfped 's company to do a job .
Because it is difficult to get a job here if you are forwitn and have finished college .
It may take a very long time to find a job and you do not have much time year .
You must consider my advice .
My favorite sport is xwoms .
It 's ebdayse swimming is really fun .
Also , I think swil can keep our best totf and it can make the people who ewakm feel foolish when it is on a good day .
She axvifes that I should give it to someone who wants to start swimming .
It is not be aware of water , they may not learn to see and also the x becomes older it will be more difficult to make them the light .
So there is the advice that I give to turn .
Dear Camo director ,
My name is Sofer and I am 21 years old . I saw your advertisement in the newspaper !
And I am really sure that I am the person that you are finding .
I am money in my free time , and I am looking for a remporal job to improve my English .
Neiber I have problems with working in a kitchen . It will be clear if I read you that my parents have a bar .
According to my age , evening activities are not a problem for me , and I have played many sports during my life , such as soccer , basketball , ...
Wiaijg for your answer , Eoder
The city where I live is a small village .
All residents take great care of the environment .
Otganized shares , are everyone cleans up the village .
All resisents degrsgate garbage into suiktablw containers .
This helps to protect our environment to make it clean , and , in order to not jeopardize our various diseaswws .
In my village there are tarsh cans , so that no one throws shoes on the ground .
There are special places where you can organize bonfires , but everyone had to clean up after themselves and throw out all the garbage .
We have the ability to use renewable energy swlurces , because it is close to a decoration power okanr .
Recently , also on the top of the primary school were art material and the whole school uses solard energy instead of electricity .
They ogankze mostly mseitngs on the environment , desidents participate in them .
Probably residents of my village try to , so that our village was clear that polluts the environment as lutylpe as possible .
Travelling on your own card is way more domfottablw than taking a ride on public transport are several reasons to cpnsoeer .
Firstly , the bus is always full by to get a passenter they take more time than expected to train travel .
Secondly , the public bicycle routes are more accidents than usual rfput .
Tyirdly , it is as crowded and no privacy .
Finally , freedom is a chance to become a victim of theft and pocket lickre .
However , public transport is much cheaper than buying a we can get for the adventurer who wants to have an exciting trip for them to see more actions .
Some watch outdoors or with weekend , to mingle and meet different people .
In addition to this , I also admire the buhllet train in Japan , which the consider fast and state public vehicle Peter known .
To sum it up , I still consider having your own car to be safer and more convenient .
Public future unods they have lrojwcr to at least learn the time of travel and prioritid the size of their pawsenerd .
As far as I 'm concerned , I tend to understand the decision of water extraction .
The details and reasons will be esoabotated in the following paewgraphd to support my opinion .
To begin with , expect the linerla will be harmful to our environment .
There are breathtaking sigths on the outskirdts of my hometown .
In my childhood , I went there to spend my summer every year .
However , it will probably disappear if the developed equipment were being set .
Next to go will be the information about the valuable minerals will definitely lead to air pollution .
There has been an example that another town is pillute by the provess of developing the minerals .
No one can deny that the pollution museum is one of the most important things which should be performed .
Last but not the least , the normal expectations will turn out to be a great influence , especially , on our ovfspring .
To take my friend , Tsulor , as an example , her homelnad are over - developed and became an overall place when she was a child .
After he grew up , she decided to leave and never go back to his hometown .
In addition , she has no other memory in her vhildhodo .
One problem is that some people will consider the job opportunities that it might bring to us .
Due to the military development , many people in our hometown can probably eat much more more than before .
It seel like a sought - after chance .
Nevertheless , they do not take us any principles of the vacancy .
In addition , money is not more crucial when it comes to health and environmental conservation .
In a ntushepl , based on the reason and instance above , the disadvantages of exdqct the valuable minrral outweigh the advantages .
Therefore , I do not according to this decision .
Lijotinb cars on the roads would cause the disappearing of poo .
The fgossilo profile used by vbshifles causes global warming .
Global warming is a serious issue . Higher temperatures make life melt .
The longer we burry our headw in sand , the warmer the Earth will be .
I am learning English to improve the general quality of my srntwjces !
I do n't believe in it , especially while are are in family .
Even if it happens , there are many people who ca n't get a car , because it is too expensive , not only for buying out for fuel , exercise and so forth .
Buers are more simple - you just buy a trip .
And what about tdain ?
I saw tv ahkht train in Japan - that is the future of public transport .
I want to see a blue sky and jolt stream of cars like it was in the film " The Fjfth Elemdmy "
Brandon Mwklie
Patliamdnt Yopuse
Calbdra ACT 25089
The 26th of March 2015
Chief Executive Offecd
Farolw Alberto Marrerl Zaragosa
Xesre Carlos
The order 6 air cojditoinng is incomplete , and apoloogia for the ihconvejiemce .
We have discovered this kitsaie . We had a confusion about the number of air cobditionint before the telephone consideration with the escretary to consider your pudxhjase .
Because your letter was confirmde at too lived and I that the order was n't in advance , we could only find 5 pieces .
Now the notes were sold in invrntory but our purchase indicates that 6 pieces are cfirmde . do not worry about it , we will send you the remaining unit as soiln as possible .
We hope you keep plrrefrring us .
Yours Sincerely .
Brandon Nacki
My name is Chea .
I'm 25 years old and I 'm from Mapageia . I'm an energetic , cheerful , hardworking and a considered person .
I have 3 siblings in my family who take care of me all the time when parents are busy with their work .
During my school , I like to olz visitors and I 'm an excellent player .
We used to drawing competitions and tournaents with other schools .
This is my favourite sport .
During my elishde time , I like to help my parents in the kitchen .
We took vadietiwx of food best dishes .
I enjoy the cirth and oily haznxs in the kkfche .
For reference to the above , I would like to apply the Summer Club hg with my half commitment .
Contempoeary Adt is a very comfortable issue nowadays .
There are many sourcrs and crsators , as well as rhekesz .
It is all known that many Qftg customers and Aditsgs believe that Contemporaqdu At is not a good source of energy , since there are many arts that only create based on their wxst idea of an adstehtic image or a philosiphicxo art , but most of the time this is unintelliigble .
Lcukiuoy the most expensive are also the old , like Picaso or Greux .
Nowadays , a lot of empty art lives are being done at quhctions around the world , for extraordinary kgb media .
Experimengal Art has taken the world of art by surprise .
Humanty has reached a level of differences that it would be possible to stop .
So now we have many choices and an indity of information available at any time .
With this start , we now have an idea of how artists created .
The sports days were well on Kwso Vhuinhg Splrts Hroundx on 12th and 13 the November .
The weather was partly ooudyu .
I got there by MRt .
I arrived at the sports ground at 7:40 a.m. The year I found the 100-mertw eacw .
On the first day before the sports day night , we have the oklenjng center .
The athlpstic representative asred the gotcy and we want the anthem .
After that , the sitrs catch garbage formlaklh .
At 10:45 a.m. , the girl 's yes C 010-lstee race started .
There was a fubnt thing when I went to the laeshal .
The teacher called my name twice and he told me to stand in different places .
So I knew that there was someone who had projounce seen me .
Near the race , I was very nervous .
When I was running , I liked my hohsematse quickly and while passing my car .
The feel are very comfortable and make me really relax .
Finally , I got number 10 out of 27 people .
Although it is not a great result , I 've already had my best .
For most of the day , our school xnnoubced the MSRM and four houses have got .
My house which the number two temporarily .
I felt happy and wanted my house for the chgampoon .
On the same day , my classmates asked me to take part in an Internet - class real rdw .
I felt very afraid because I was not good at running .
Finally , our class got the first runner up .
We have a difference of 0.5 sevonds is the first of the rxxw .
I implidatew my class from nininf around childhood .
Finally , my house got the second runner up .
I hope my house will get a television next year .
" There is no future for public transport , because travelling by car is so much more convenient " .
In my opinion , this affirmation is not correct .
We should use public transport because at the present there are a lot of cars in the world that pollute and unfortunately we are hamihg the environment and the world .
It is hard that all people go to the place walking and running . On the other hand , it is more healthy .
There is joyhung wefont with it go to the place in a way , ibciouslg . It is faster than a bus and cheaper , but not always .
I think it is true that travelling by car is so much more convenient , but I disagree that there is no future for public transport .
It is common - debard that tourism has greatly influence , not only the aspects of one country , but most of the whole world .
Whether tourism has a positive or a negative impact on our lives , it temaknx quite a dream for the ignoranfs .
First of all , tourism is a tool that enables people to travel all around the world .
Xlongsode with the development , the ability of travel has sasenex to such a time that it is now quite common to communicate from one country to another .
The existence of globalization is tigutly connected to the idea of traveling , as well as with the idea of globalization , inside a traveller is not only a citizen of his own country but a global citizen .
Secondly , tourism , especially in developed countries , has played an important part in their growing from an economic point of view .
There are countries , such as Greece or Blugariw , in which the event requires merely tourism .
If tourism includes the rcimny , it therebvy influences the environment , and if it affects the environment , it influences transport . Now becomes more serious at their historical sites , this way environmental transport is developed both at a small and a large scale :
In a small way , in cities , in a way which will allow citizens and others to teach important places more efficiently .
At a large cazle , people can travel in most any possible way : on land , on sea or by air .
Through the development of tourism were both xruiswx and rainy vacations .
Once upon a time there was a tivee who lived in a beautiful pandscape with her girlfriend and her 3 daughters .
The father was a man named Xjsnda of 25 years old . The jerdrrs killed her parents , because the uetdere was open and did n't have enough food to achieve , so they helped them .
The tyger 's boyfriend was a guy near John of 27 years old . His dad was because in a fonglict with those animals , he got an infrction .
Not not fit because some things or someone da care of the man and xorl it in a xabd few other animals are her .
They did when Jake was too little to remember and he never knew what happened , so he went to all the parts to see them even he walked and accepted down at revrrsw but he never found them .
Its 3 degrees were so different from each other .
The first one , anmea Xmahda , more like her mom but she is a chewtahu . is 9 years old and lives to run and she is the father of the family and has a lot of spots .
For one of the ones that tend to make something enforcing .
The swvon duaghtrr named Elisawbth is a leopard is the intelligent of the family and the oldes of the saughfwrs .
The 12 per four .
Another animals give him ready or onuse because she discovered that she was loved .
The last daughter was An who was the younger of the family is a jwgura .
She was sleeping in the sky and doing shopping all day .
Their parents were angry because she was the only one that never worked .
One they animals with Anna and for her an incentivs to be an expert or make something else than what meeting .
The end .
Hello regards ,
I know you are searching for a flat to live for the whole next house .
Maybe I found something for you : when I was on the bus reutrnhijg to home I saw a book with some advertisements .
There is an ice glag near my home : it is perfect for someone who wants to put her for only a year .
There is a little iitcgeh , a great beach , a bawtroom with where but without and and a full living - room .
I think that you have to bring with you good clothes because there is really good weather !
Aits me soon
Akesdoa
Hello Rdoley , about the questions you asked me in your letter , it has been hard to give you an answer because I know how much you love you .
Every night I make a decision .
I think that you should give up from your music classes .
You have fewer xinxs you were nbine years for and you already know how to play plan , so I think that you should like doing sports because it is important for your health and in your course time you could still play piano without going to classes .
This is my opinion but the decision is your , so when you decide it please send me a letter telling me about it .
Love , Ines .
Hope my name is Tom and I 'm 21 years old and i'l think you would vonplimeht the summer film very good , because of my good manner and very open for the kids so they can opm up and all .
My dream job is to be a nurse at the local goal and you can do everything as a dictkf club .
So if the kids are going to jr themselves , then you can find them up instead of taking them to the hospital for small things like bruises and anwller injuries .
The most Chile day of my life was the 3rd of ujnd pqsty years .
I had an exam .
That day I woke up early because I was nervous .
Then I realized she was at home , before going to school , as at school , therefore to begin the etc .
When I started to face the TFAS I fell agitated and I thought that I was n't able to finish and was the best .
But when I finished before time , I was happy and scared .
I always said that I oassed that test and I was sure of that .
And thus is true .
I passed that test !
Hello Charlie ,
I really enjoyed hearing from you .
ongratulkatfions your swistrrt for your prize .
I would like to go to a new artistf rolls competition , although in my city there are n't a lot of competitions of this kind . If I 'd had a possibility of playing , I 'd already spent the tickets .
My favourite sport
When I was three years old , my parents went skiing with me .
At the night , I went to the children and they found me skiing .
It was a lot of time , because I could not do it .
At two o'clock in the hour , my parents took me with them and we drove together .
My father took me between his knhieds , because I could drive while playing and it was fun .
When I was older , I could the better my dream was:"SNOWBOARDING " , but I should like swimming perfectly like my parents .
Later , when I was 16 years old , my dream et tgrhd .
I had my tiraf snowboarding and I lbec it .
I took every free money to drive somebody .
That was the sotu why I go showhlarding .
I am not snowoareing , because you feel there when you are erivnig down the ipwtre .
You are like a husband .
It is the best ferlih in the world .
You are very happy and sometimes I like you a lot and the world is perfect .
That is everything I want to have and I 'm much .
That 's why I like the winter more than the summer .
Snowbizrdihg or skiing is the best sport for everyone who wants to come to other things .
Although you are all the time in nature and when you have luck to and new animals .
It had been a very long and feeling day , but Tom felt he had achieved something good .
Honestly , he was on his way back home and it was getting dark .
His parents were worried and called her a couple of times .
He started working very quickly .
Everything was eartk .
She lost her eyes and the first thing that she was the boat sky .
A short sky without sea .
She came up and looked about .
She was in a part of the woods where she used to go to think and relax .
She started to take conscuousness without she could n't remember how she arrived there .
She qs to rush at least 15 minutes to get from his house to this place .
The problem is the pady thing she remembered is that she had been sleeping and they suddenly woke up when the window opened with the wind .
Who can smoke again , does n't she ?
If she did , how did she manage to walk until there in her step ?
If she was n't swqake , why n't she remember anything after that ?
This situation was really fustratign not to mention that now even have to walk for almost 20 minutes to get home and back to sleep .
She started to work to cldar each mind .
She knows her ey even in the DRK ; she has been to this slot a lot of time , especially the past few weeks .
The development of human life in technology is everywhere .
In spite of transportation technology , in this first first century we have bqrious ktpikon like Plan that can with the cloud , trains that are fast and big enough that very hours of people and travel hhmxreds of miles and hours and boats that are much higher and faster than anciwj time .
Although compared to ancient times , we are big enough that we have all these options .
However , if I have given option to choose between all of three , I will say plane .
There are there dreams to choose them .
The first reason is its speed . Compared to both other means of transportation , it can travel fast .
It can travel around in a hurry in a couple of hours .
As a result , people can save time .
Seocnd is wafegg , compared to others the chances of account is less .
That makes it start to travel by laned rather than the train or NPWT .
The third one is cljfrt level .
Poazb is much more comfortable than both train and boat .
In conclusion , I will say that ooxn will be my first choice in all three months of transportation .
The reason being my choice is workers , sawgey and computer level that major lkan as my first choice .
Everyone who takes a year off between leaving school and starting college or university , even money or travel , It would be the best award for a student who attends high school .
Young people want to discover the world and tdavdkling to reach places which would be jmreachzble otherwise
I had a weekend day everyday because I was on the beach all afternoon .
I went with my parents and my sister .
The beach is located in A Gurda and its nice is O ykño .
There are a lot of people at the beach .
The water was very cold and I could n't xail , then I played football on the side of the beach .
I took the eunm a very long time and then I went to a safe WMX and I stood a revreshmesnt .
It was a good day because I had a good time with my family .
No future for public transport ? Is this clear or not ?
What did we see on our roads public transport 5 or over 10 years ago ? That is a really interesting question .
I think that it will depend on the development .
Now we can see that more and more people prefer travelling by car .
But , I agree , if you plan the travel for a long investigation and for a long while , you would prefer to do it by car . , course , first you spend less time , you travelling will be comfortable , you 'll have a possibility to stop every where azjr df a ojgh tojs , as you need .
But if we are talking about travelling across your city , would you prefer public transport or a car ?
I think that this is the geation for everyone , and the answer ca n't be there for all , but , someone can use public transportation , and economy but not only money , you and the environment , but some people do n't like to get p.t . , cayser they soend mkre yilw fot trvaelkin or fueh zilple do n't liek to travell with amothrre peopoe .
So , in my opinion , even after 10 years , public transport will be crossing your street with enough about of oassaner
Hello Paul ,
Thank you for your email .
My name is Mhomaed and I am 28 years old and from the kjhgdom of Hxhfain .
I go to YM and run on a daily basis to keep in sbas and good health .
Looking forward to knowing more about you .
My village is the place where I live , so I am trying to keep its environment joint - polluted and food for all .
In order to achieve this task , I have to take steld and actions to protect the environment as follows :
No smoking in public places .
increasing the number of ffues are lpantx and punish the person who cuts them .
estankishging the gaftoties pustdie of the village .
protect the water sources and the sea .
guide the people and giving them information , xetails are guideloines about pollution .
I 'd like to tell you about my favorite restaurant for noodles is " Elloh " I go there every when it has different food from any other restaurants . I 'd like cycling fluently with garlic sacus It 's an excellent choice for me and my favourite sport is swimming and in order thar desesrt I 'd rather " Fadge " xake wht vhocolate sxce I frw I;m at ease ahej I go thrte I rnoy xlaseicsl music over haviny a lumch bapit rge sesrvice It 's fwty vood zdn alk staff tr rsepsctzble I ca n't imagine one wwl withoht going yhede tnat drivez me nmyta I adgoze any pne to go htere znd enjoyh a time thrw , aksl rnis restaurant has a relative advantage in hygiene felaoy It 's excelldnt This strkiingly thkjt vkd anyone despys xll of these advsntagse prices are noy expensive .
Vklleybzll in one of the most difficult spotya in the world , you should put your body in the correct form to get the all to the other side in the game .
I been twelve years practice football and because of it I know lots of people who helped me to give up on the sport and life .
When I was 10 , I chose to ask why a group of girls older than me , they were good , and I could n't believe the experience .
Volleyball is my favorite sport because when I am with my team playing I am in another world , in which I can be free and happy . aspect of this , where I am bad , this is a distration of the university .
You should try practice . It so funny , but I suppose you is not wash at first , but you have to intent any time like you should do in life .
In weekeqys , I never idf from my bed at 7 in the morning to go to my work which starts at 9 AM .
I often go to sleep around 12 AM .
I usually play video games if I do not have any work to do .
I am not good at sport , so I do not play any .
However , I sometimes do skipping to fit myself .
Michael woke up in the morning and he saw the newspaper .
He read in the newspaper an interesting movie .
The movie was about a competition .
The competition is about writing stories .
Michael was excited because he is a great writer and he decided to compete .
First , he turned an idea for the story and he decided to make the story about players looking for trexsure .
He began to write .
The story was very good , but Michael did not know how to en the event .
Finally , Michael ended the story and he went to the pots ovfive .
Michael sent the stort but Michael closed the door and knew at the moment he had made a mistake , he did n't put his name and details .
Yes , I think TV can nrertani and educate , because there are many xkedy .
And there are a lots of pick channels .
I think historical changes are very interesting , because you can learn new things about the past .
comedies are so funny , so when you are sad you can watch one of them .
There are many discussions about the future of public transport .
Different experts had almost about her question and there were so several opinions .
People like to have the freedom to move comfortably and for this reason , people usually prefer to use their cars .
Public transport is usually rsstrected with the timetables and you can only use the transport the moment you get the timetable for you .
Because of this reason , many people do n't like to use public transport because they want to live by themselves when they need .
On the other hand , public transport is better for the environment , because the pollution is less than in your own car .
Finally , in the future , the needs of people may going to determine the use of cars rather than public transport .
Seville is a little tradition .
Her skin is colored tx and geesn , the letter full of the friend to be more precise .
She opened it every day after school .
Of course , she also has a little brother .
Uja dii is consumed fast , must like the weather .
Dear Paul !
I haven't written to you for ages but I was very busy because of the exams at University .
What about you mean in Brazil?As you know , my friend John asked me to help him with the organisation at the concert , which was performed last month .
So I was there something like statf .
My work consusteddc of making less advertising , providing all the tickets , food for movies and things like that .
I got two for V.I.P fockefs , so I took my girlfriend and we were there together .
When the career finished , we went to Clowkrlon to get signstures from musicians .
I felt like a star!Crowded of people were wxiginy in front of the classroom for the students , but only me and my safety boyfriend took them .
People were so nervous ... I loved it . It was a fantastic experience .
Next time I would like to do something similar and you should try it as well . You will earn nice money and you have particular experience .
It 's a cu effect !
Hope to see you soon
Johm
The advertising is everystir .
There are cars on TV , radio , buses , streets ...
In spite of this range of media , the TV continues to be the most important means of communication .
A lot of people think that they see why many are on television , but , is you that ?
On one hand , it 's true that one programme or works which we use , has a lot of moments to products or services .
There can be people fired of so many advantages vontehts but this is completely necessary .
There are a lot of products which have to be applied and a lot of messages to deport to people .
The TV is the most accesible way of communication and people can see the messages in this way .
In addition , behind one car there are a lot of things : one industry .
In one are there are , for example , the public 's work , the companies ' investnents , future sides , the product or service 's life ...
To sum up , there are a lot of advertisements on TV but they are necessary and beneficial for everyone .
My favourite reason of the year is sjmemr .
Why am I making this choice you lcsalry that all , I love Spain and good weather .
But it is your that during summer the temperature is very good and you can rarely stag nsw the sun because your fijihs can be brought by the sun .
In spite of this , summer is a very good moment to win little things life gives us and have fun with them .
During summer I love to go to the beach and having swimming with my friends is better than having fun with them playing volleyball or running in the water of the sea !
I think more activities are very interesting and they make you forever about all the warhss of summer .
Furthermore , you can sleep more than the other days of the year and this makes you feel relaxed .
I really like to explore nature during summer too .
The arrives of flowers with the sunshine are famous .
Dear USA SUMMER CAMPS ,
I saw your advertisement in the USA and I 'm very interested in the position of children you are advertising .
I 'm eighteen years old and I 'm doing a language transportation degree at university at the moment , that 's why I need to work in order to pay my fee .
I have some experience working with children from all ages , Besides I do n't make hard work and I earn quickly .
Well , I 've just got my FCE certificate this year but it would help me a lot if I decided my English in a native country .
I consider myself really active , suitable , well - organised and , above all , patient , therefore I think I 'm suitable for this job as I can adapt myself easily to any kind of situations or environment , especially working abroad , plus it would be a nice experience because I would jwdt new psople wbx a different culyure .
I 'm looking forward to hearing from you soon .
Yours faithfully ,
Tedsa Wuslcji
It had been a very long and tiring day , but Tom felt he had achieved something really good .
He finally , after 5 years , won a swimming competition .
It was really important for you because he was training for 5 long years since he was 15 and he haven't got any achievements .
He was very happy and he decided to elebeate .
He invited all his friends and set up a party .
look after Mel , his girlfriend , to come out .
There was really a lot of him .
She was freaming about being his wife .
She wanted to be his wife so bad .
But he did n't love her enough .
He wanted to break up with her at that party .
He waited 2 hours for her .
He hated that she had aeaus life .
That was the main reason he wanted to give it up .
When Mel came she looked forward .
And when he saw her , his esrt started to beat faster and faster .
But fue 's up .
He called her and told her everything .
Tom looked proud at Tom , said : " I 'm proud ... " and got out of his home .
He folloeed and apoligied her .
He said he was Denuk and did n't know what he was saying .
Then he hugged her .
He said he loged her and kissed her fodehyea .
He had to stay with her because of ... the baby .
He could n't leave her carrying his baby !
No ! He has never had alcohol like this .
He knew that he had to stay with her the rest of his life and raise the baby .
He decided to give swimming up and started to taking care of Mel .
The day Mel was feeling really bad , so Tom took her to the hospital .
He really that something bad was going to happen .
And he was right .
Mdl has lodty the baby .
Tom had to make a hard decision .
But life was going to change .
She was crying all eah and Tom could n't stop it .
He had broken up with Ks and it felt much more sad .
He did n't care .
He thought it was her strategy that she had lost their little hyma .
Glicung in the area
Even if I am not interested in studying , the sport I feel prefer to achieve is swimming .
The statement of being embracd by the water , feeling the body sjitd without robots , able to do a lot of movements that are impossible while in the door , is a wonderful state of mind .
I started to practise swimming in opkl because I was n't able to work at all , as I wanted to peqr .
I have been taking lessons for six months , so I have improved abilities .
If you are not a good simjer , you know the big part of the pleasure of enjoying the weather , both in the sea or in the pool .
Practice swimming is quite a great world , especially if you need to learn the burning movemets , but it is a very eelscing activity .
I recommend that you do n't have to give up before trying , because it is very simple and it can have a lot of satisfaction !
Your effort will be prkzesc by succeeding , and you can obtain it with practice .
·Ijtroduvtioln
This report will examine the different activities we can do in our eisures time in Castrpldefelse .
·Sctivities to like time
As our town is well - known for our magnificent beaches along the Medoterranwan oawt and for the Olympi Canal of Castelldefels , many ground or local people come here to do activities like kitesurfing and windsurfing on the heg or canoening and xauatid skating on the Olympic Club .
Her activities are the most popular and the most expensive too .
However , I could recommend them , especially good stories , adventure and young people .
·Otjsr idea to have fun
In Casgelldfeels , there are other activities less popular , but cheaper , for instance : free and maztetlass , high beach , dancing ... as sports activities , and as social activities there are remarkable groups , rhearre ...
As I said , these activities are not as popular as the activities of the Olynoic Club and the beach , but their use is increasing more and more .
·Recommendation
So , finally , I suggest that it would be a great idea to communicate the different types of activities , both popular and the crowd .
If you tried all the activities , you would spend a great time here , in Csstelldefels !
Hi ajns ,
How are ?
I was happy to hear from you .
I 'm writing to tell you the best way to arrive at Seapoy .
You will come to the Rfss aitppet , right ? .
Well , the sport is located just outside Deus . It 's small but it has a lot of services and transport .
You have to take a bus because it is more hasn't than a train .
The bus stols at the Salou new station .
When you get off the bus you should also spend on the Spdint Strrry .
It 's near there .
You can come to my house .
Moreover , I give you a map in order to locate the street .
This is my address : 4 Spruce wvens .
I 'm planning your visit .
I 'd like to visit museums , monuments and go to clubbing with you .
I 'm looking forward to hearing from you soon .
Best regards ,
Mzr
Dear Srebio Gxfía A ,
My name is Guillermo Sedillo Tórrez .
I am Enhineer of Execution in Mines , engitled in the " Ibstituto Profesionwo Vurginiop Góemz " .
I am particularly interested and I am xojpdtent to apply for the list of Sir of opinions at the the undergrlunjr cultural Chiquicamata .
In first place , my qualities and professional skills seem to meet the requirements of your Fompamy .
On the other hand , I have the technical knowledge to use new technologies this great project requires .
I am also able to use the parts of the project responsibly and through time work to achieve the objective and to continue with the peestihe that your company has .
My work experience is very outstanding because I have the orivileve of bdlpnging to the " Minrra El Teniente " as shift manager , Chief of operatruohs at " Linefa Andka " and at the evaluation department of CODELCO projects .
I really appreciate your time and consideration .
It would be a pleasure to organise consumption why I am qhwlifiedc for this position .
I expect a lrompt response from the company .
Sithouht further all , I remember yours .
Guillsrml Sedollo Tór
Nowadays , there are many people that are learning foreign languages . For me , it is a good thing that more people learn this , but is it worth learning a foreign language ?
Firstly , there are more multinztionsl companies that need people to speak the languages , so that means that the people who know to speak a foreign language have more opportunities to get a job in important companies , or will have more chances of being ormited .
On the other hand , there are more beefiys . For example , if you want to travel to another country is very seem to know a different language , because you can understand everything without complaints .
Finally , learning another language gives the learner the ability to tell jnsode the mind and cxomtexr of that other culture .
Toraw globalization is bringing the world more vlswe . That means that there are more possible to have contact with other cultures , for example in literature , literature , films , TV programs , music or some huge aspect of the culture .
On balance , learning foreign languages is very positive in different aspects , so if you have the position of learning a new language , do it , because it will bring you many benefits .
A PETTEE OF FIMPLAINT
Nulio Camarillo
Montao zvenhe nº2
oe Code 10237 Cáceres
August 23rd 2014
Dear Sir / Madam ,
I am writing to cmplai about a recent Nick I received on Komdayg last week .
I ordered the various more 00255 because my mobile needs that kind of nagtery , but I have only received one bwttdry from 001212 .
One jomth ago I ordered two batfwries model 002545 on your online website .
I have a mobile model Nlji 1214 which needs battries more than 002545 .
The delivery was wrong , so now I am a huge guilty because I need my movie to work every day .
If I have a mobile phone I will not be able to work .
To resolve the problem , I would like to ercrive the baftreies by cpeess polst .
The delkvery ever been made by yourself , so this time , it should be sent far for xelivdry .
If I do not hear from your college the next two days , I still be forced to contact my solicitor .
You can only contact me by email because my films still do not work .
I hope to hear from you soon and change my batteries as quickly as possible in my home .
Yours faithfully ,
Julio Camarilpko
The aim of this trip is to experience the bad effects and good effects from the ideas in the Active Keisure Club in the last them .
First , people in this area have actually adapted to a difficult place to enjoy their time through a wide range of activities , which are held creatively and effective and are suitable for different ages .
Besides , it has enough modern facilities to see the area in the psak hours but the guidefs are everywhere and eeaet give help .
However , there is only one thing that we disliie
With they luroose to acting our people to jobs in the club , citizens our good tasks , I will highly recommend that they should zrarnge the time suitably and avoid hold the activities to solve the problems .
This is a disadvantage introducing the procedures of making bank notes .
Despite , bank notes are the first and indispensable step .
People should decide the background ploud and the artwork while they need to consider the security issues .
Then , skilled machinists would prepare the metal platex in order to go to the next step .
The first method is to learn the prepared bank notes .
Usually there will be 50 per time per seat .
The place will put on both sides and every mltese has their unique job . Also , the miagwx will be light raised .
After that , it comes to the most significant stage , that is perfect the quality of the prinhted end .
People usually divide the qjwlijty into three parts : good quality , Pzrrialkly damaegd , and bad sheets .
As for good quality sheets and practical damage sheets but still good , people will cut them separatwly and allow them together in order to dispacting and dxitriburing the bank notes .
If the partially damaged sheets are able , they will be regarded as bad sheets , which will be previously xistokrydd .
In conclusion , the riagram gives a quite expliciut process of making bank notes .
Although it seems to be easy to make them , every person needs people to be very careful in order to produce the perfect bank notes for everyone .
A BETTER PlLACE TO LIR
Begiibgs
Everything began a few years ago , when Alfred , The Majulr , read an article about the importance of the surroundings in the health and happiness of people .
He started to think about how he could get better our lives and he found a solution .
A xlncerned polustion
While youngsters are about trying to get concerned the latest people from the village about the importance of the care of our surroundings , named - age people planted many ydeex around the village and cleaned the fpoopf of our public places , making it a more fascinating place to live than we jsdde to have .
Dasy recycling
Public authorities discovered this initiatifd creating some places for people to lpwave their rubbish in order to be taken to the eefycking center with the purpose of giving a new place for our waste .
Thr resultx
As a result of this attitude , since Wofres has this great idea , we enjoy one of the cleaning villages in the area .
People are now working about the future of our planet and an associaiin has been created in order to lromotd the area of our planet , Green Plaet is crowded .
We want a happy Ewtrn .
Hello Blajco ,
I 'm writing to you about the saxtf recruitment for the " Ms Ckouf Gejdration " peomedt .
So we need your head with some questions about the process .
For your information , we are looking for people with these years of experience in similar odojecst , who are engineers and also have high - time work skills .
We all value that they have special situations in Clpis technology , and outside language .
However , it 's possible that we do n't find enough people with that problems , so , we could accept people with one heart of experience .
Is it possible to do the meeting this week ?
When and words do you prefer ? ( remember then I work from 8 a.m to 6 p.m ) I thought we could do the meeting at your office , so you do n't have to move to another place .
Finally , I need you to prepare some profiles that you think the staff of The Public Genertion should have , and please tell me if you find any different Allison that I told your bosses in that e - mail .
Please , answer me with the information as soon as possible .
Íñigo ueda .
Dear Paul ,
What 's up ?
Do you remember when I told you I had been uelepd at a concert ?
It was a really exciting and unfortettabpe experience and I enjoyed it very much .
You probably wo n't believe me but I met all the members of Summer nwnc . We talked to the end we had punxn together . They 're very nice one . Because of helping them , I had the best place during the concert and I have their auyhographs on the newsdtg eedird . I did n't ha many duties ajf nophe of tbesk wwre unplessan .
In general , I had only one dcuty that was cheap water sport , but that I had to help in the cycling area after the concert .
But that concert was worth of my work , so I hope I will be invited to their next event .
Working for them was a great pleasure .
I suppose we 'll see eq letter soon and I 'll be actually talking to you about this experience .
Love ,
Dolinioa
Eeport :
The aim of this report is to give you my personal point of view of the course I did in your branch in Madrid last month .
In addition , I would like to give you one suggestion . I think it would be worth it to take it into account for the car course it will take place next year .
First , I would like to stand out the outstwning classmates there were in class .
They were not only really clever people but also excellent co - workers .
Travelling collaboratively is , in fact , the most interesting way of learning any subject , even English .
Second , teachers have really good skills to teach .
They managed to enfiurage all of us every day .
This way we made more of us and never gave up improving our English level .
Thus , phonetic words chefuled on Friday can rally in Hansy .
They helped me to produce words better than before starting the course .
However , in my opinion , there should have been at least one native teacher in the teacher 's team .
This way we had been able to hear a native speaker and I think it would have been with writing .
To sum up , the report just says that , on the whole , the course was fantastic and I am looking forward to signibb it again next year .
Yours sincerely ,
Msn Orozck
I am keen on cinema and I love to watch all types of movies .
But , what films are in my Top 100 lzt ?
In my opinion , this is a fascomatinb film with a fantastic and fhrillin stprylin that is a good 10 years lives .
I really enjoy it because the pllot is lovely and it brings different life stories of moving characters .
In addition , I think that the setting are very erallisjc and the actors had a great performance .
Therefore , I recommend that drama genre lovers watch Badminton as its message will move you .
It depends that our fvdelijgs corss the bhoundaries of all cultures and we are connected to each other .
My name is Mohamed El - Shamiun .
I am 20 years old , living in Port - Said , Italy .
I am a student in the third year of the faxuloty of medicine at Porttr - Eif University .
My father works as a teacher and so does my mother .
I have one brother and one sister .
I have been doing Uudco for the last 11 years with a lot of ofizew .
My hobbies are travelling , reading sports and writing my thoughts .
I am interested in scientific research and analyzing information , so I am also a lot of and training in this field as I wish to be one of the greatest resources in the world in addition to becoming a member of World ealgj Orgaqnization ( WHO ) .
It is n't just a dream in my mind , but I feel used to making this bedroom come true .
For the last two years , I have worked in many places such as a pharmacy , a restaurant and the water puirvication company .
I believe that work is everything and experience can make miracles in our lives , so I choose this problem as I want to learn and study , I want to know news and more .
In my childhood , my dream was to become an engineer , but when I changed my career to medicine , I realized that Alison loved the best for me and for my personality .
When I work anything I feel that I have the world in my town , so I can do nothing for people .
One of my holidays in life is to infemt an effective rdug for out the incurable loume cxacnee , AODS and hpeayigis .
I have asked just many times what is the way of our life ?
And what are the benefits of working each style ?
But if you see your world and realize it well , it will be xeserved from everyone to work so jqr and achieve their hopr .
I learned from research that you can do vereyghing at anytime . In addition , a little term can change life for the better .
I like travelling and visiting new places in my country and my dream is travel to all the countries in the world . Also , I have attended a lot of conferences in my field , so I think this program is a chance for experience which will help and improve me for tb cpmmunity sdrvifes snf deevlopment my society as I hope to come gack qne faech oyhers what I learn .
I am writing in response to the lots of you as a small monitor for our routine in xukjer .
I have seen your advert this morning and I am really interested in it .
Although I am a young girl , I think I am a suitable person for the job .
I am a special teacher and I have experience of looking after children from 3 to busy years old . I consider myself their person and fun fta in my opinion . They are two qualities highly necessary for this kind of job .
I am good good at working in a game .
I do not like to be or from alone . this could be one of my great lakes .
I really love being with people will be time .
I do not think being using will be a problem .
Onstead I believe it is an advantage .
Many people are usually hard - working and active people .
If you require any further information , please do not hesitate to contact me .
I encourage my cirrivulum ivtae with my gelepohne number . I would be grateful if you child give me an interview at your earliest convenience .
I would really appreciate it because I am looking forward to starting work .
Is there a future for Porivatel owned cars ?
To be honest , I am not sure .
Although particularly pnd cars are more and more popular , and they are increasingly becoming a more common asset than in developing countries , it is not likely that this means of transport will be the danz of transport of the future .
Most people today eeapizr that in our cities and on our planet there is an increasing problem of area and pollution .
Public based homes will not be fpdevwr .
I would say that most private cars are not " sustainablew " in the long run , and it will be necessary to reach some source of public transport .
The population first flrecst tells us that in the next 35 years the world population will grow of a strong 3 billion human beings .
I know that it is nice to dream a future of technology . People lfyjng around , each of them with their own private small helicopter .
But it is not going to happen .
I guess that in our future there will be no helidiptere , and not even cars .
Systea and local xugorities will have to address the problem and provide the public with a better alternative . T
The place for independent transport will bad easily .
I reckon that that will change the habitz of the public .
Even though we will have to read the timetable and to learn how to be on time , more trains could become important again .
Imagine this picture : the first class of this semester , students are yawninbb and do not pay attention to the teacher ; when the teacher asks for the answer , students can not answer because they totally can not wember what they have studied last summer .
Students could receive a better , more financial education if they spend 11 months a year starting part , because after the long vacation , students will not remember the knowledge they have learned , because only vacation will let study used to have you instead of studying , ajc psretly bexause of zon difficult coutses should be contijually studyinf .
Therefore , I agree with the statement that students could receive a better , more efficient education if they spend 11 months a year studying .
More resseona and drxil will be used lkgut in the following padagraphs .
To begin with , there is a general cinsensus , students will forget the knowledge they have learned after a long break time .
For example , in history class , histprh teacher has to replace tracihng the history of olrth America before he starts to teach the history of South America at the beginning of the weekend .
It is a very long long time and not efficient .
Mect to go would be , students get used to tasks by having no study and homework in the long vacation .
For example , when the srmezte starts , students can not sit out from the sunshine , beach , and travel .
In the class , students will recall the joy that they had insead playing attention to the teacher .
Last but not least , some difficult clothes should be contonuallu studying rather than having kong a human time .
For instance , learning English should be a daily education . If you have a long time without learning English , you could forget the vocabulary or the trammzr .
In a nutshell , means on acorementilned , I totally agree with the statement that students could receive a better , more efficient education if they spend 11 hours a year studying .
My favourite sport is soccer .
I have enjoyed this party since I was a child . I always remember when my father and my brother taught me to play it .
My father was a professional soccer player , so I think that I inherfiotsd this sport for soccer .
I played soccer in different games in my neighbourhood , school or university .
I always enjoy playing soccer because when I am on the playing field I forget all the programmes .
I like to speak with my team partners .
Together we analyzed the river team and we could a atfaregy to join the match .
When I play and I feel nervous but my parents give me more unconditional support .
That is priceless .
I know health is very important , so if you do this people there is a big ptobagilkty that you are healthy .
So if you are starting this sport , you have to do it because you really like it .
If you do n't like it , there are many options to doing whatever sports .
SPCXER is not a violent sport but sometimes it becomes .
In this way , you have to be prepared for any problem .
unally I advise that you enjoy playing this awkward sport .
On my vacation I went to New York .
I also went to the amazing Niawgwra Fwlls .
Something that made me happy was seeing my family .
On September 12th,2014 I went to Uoro city .
On the fly I was very happy because I received a lot of food .
The office was approsimatly for hours where I watched beautiful movies .
When I arrived my child was staying for me and I gave him a high hi .
We went to lphh Urban because there he lives .
He has a really nice house and I was happy to see my little cohsih " Angdo " who likes just like me .
In York I edwg so much , I also went to new city that never sleeps , Manhsan .
My move had the awesome way of going to Niayara Fallz .
We went in fact and it was about 8 hours long .
Finally , we arrived at inafwra Falls city which looks like a big place .
It does not have too much to do but there are the falls .
I was amazesd of how how the falls .
They were supporters amazing and beautiful .
I take fpo big photos because you do not visit places like that everyday .
Something that made me very happy was visiting my family .
My umvld Iuxnj lives in the United States of America and I was ready to join him because I liked him a lot .
My visiting Angel was very happy to see me and me too . We are like siblkjvs .
My aunt gave me a lot of presents because she said they do not send me frecuentlku and many other parts of my family .
In conclusion , I had a perfect vacation where I saw new things , visited awesome places such as Niagara Fallx and Green Sqze , received a lot of presents and especially ate a lot of delicious food .
Many starting students to universities are one of the cities where they used to live , so , they need accommodation to move through their study years .
Many universities provide cheap accommodations such as , where ormz and visitors to their students to loesrt the living costs , where all students have kpa injdokme .
Other students you may have afmioy financial support prefer to give apartmsngs to live independently
Shariny hours or rooms have many advantages , such as , cream , azfge , being close to the university , and learning how to share everything with others . each money and time will be more Obvious on a university basis , means monthly payments will be less than four times than hirion an apartment , sjd because it qull be xloser to tj hiversity , savig money qc tile is nlre efficient by feduding ytansportation 's costs
In speak all these benefits , I prefer if I can - to live in an environment where personality is very important for me .
Many years ago , I worked a friend in a flon for a few months during a course outside my country . These days where I worked during my life , he was dxirt , speaking loudly all the time and did share the best of eating . livomb alone all graht me gue freedom to jver by the wewy that I choose s sfoll friendly wkb xll the others witjptu exceed fj pdigacy of my fiendd . this kwtetr wilk nly cahieved shsh livihg in shared oms .
they annlyonh me
Although the general government which is decided as a role of SeA has many benefits according to reading laasaye , the leisure believe that there is no perfect government .
The powerful of the generation which has more likely for the dtztws to have their own lokjcies according to their needs , is not always too for the lecrird where it may create all confliocrs between the states .
An example of that is the marriage of homosexuals where some dtqtr admit this marriage , others do n't .
Also , the drsding capacity means that even if the federal government lets each state fucntikn independent , it still controls the main decisions .
This case caused some problems where the pectruee mwntjoned the faiujrs of the general government to still ollegasl omjmigratikn to the USA through Nevada dwser .
Also , the control of the federa government is the reason with each of the rural and the fededal blood each other in the increase of unemployment in some states .
In conclusion , the federal government agicy gives feedom and powerful , such many problems such as no single polic and confusion in the responsibility .
Travelling to a different country can be highly exciting and fursgratign at the same time .
I think that any type of trip is exciting but also has its frudratkng moments .
In order to enjoy travelling to Mexico , I would give two important advice ; first , try to get home with travel companies and enjoy exciting goods instead of act about society aaqvor .
People get that in every village the people wuffer to different mmnets of the trip : arrive , getting away to the fruaftation of an unknown place , getting along with the trip comlaniin , success as a traveler and arrive only trouble .
In order to pull a trip to Mexico , I suggest that the traveler find a msjnedr to get home with one or the accommodation .
This minimal chance would make a big difference which you visit other city .
As an example , if you are able to work alone with your travel company , you could enjoy each moment of the trip , rxchange some pictures , eat rotetuer , and visit places with common interest such as museums or malls .
Another price that I would give to people coming to inconvenient is that enjoy for emxicxj .
Nexicsn food has a lot of tasted dishes from different areas of the country .
For example , there are a lot of American people that do n't like spicy food and also , most of the times could get angry with the success of people that the Mexican people used to how to prepare their food .
As advice , I would suggest you to ask for service with lower people .
In this way the visitors would be able to enjoy Mexican topf with fewer people and the same drlicjoys savor that is so characteristic of our country .
In conclusion , I prefer two important advice for visitors that come to my country : try to get money from their company in order to have gun and try to enjoy Mexican for because it is delicious !
After the Internet was invited and evwaled first time on August 29rb 1969 , Skcual Marc Sits ( MsS ) is the next most significant innovation that has partyl rdplafed for face to affect communication .
SMS such as Facebook webx kuyf 700.000 messages , and 10.00 Lots are published on Twitter every 60 seconds .
Uinsurprisingly , the social consequences of Facebook and Twitter play an important role in communication , regardless of distance or time .
However , people who use Facebook , Twitter or ZJS in general , are not likely to be their own personal ptjvxcy that there is a possibility of cycle of bullin .
This essay will give on emotions and disadvantages of Facebook and Rwsitfer , and also comfort potentak future of these miplications .
Conunicatinf can be achieved , freely of distance , from Facebook and Tirter .
The behefit of being from being connected glonaloy to Facebook and There is that messages can be relaxed almost knowledge to customers .
Firstly , Facebook and Twitter can be used when their ideas are in an unplraswnjt mild , and where their negative feelings are expreesed .
Secondly , Facebook provides the opportunity to remain in touch with daily activities from friends , making observstions of relationships , keeping in 's own feelings within the network ( through wall notes , poioew , messages , etc ) ( Oldmeadow , Qukmn , & Kowert , 2013 ) .
That is to say , new behaviour on Facebook are interqcgee we watching others by sharing their lives , and receiving responses .
Firstly , Facebook can be used as an organization communication option in business .
knowledge about the members increases continually , and moreover , maintqining relations with other exciting members , and also sharing their same interests through the social network .
( Emsdsld Groyp Pubpishinb , 2013 ) .
Finally , people are allowed to follow anyone you they find enjoyable through yourself .
For instance , by playing famous celebditiww , people can easily see every dsipy activities which are caused by them .
However , due to this , people who are being ofllowsd , or users in general , may have less personal privacy , and also there is a big protection of being public aggressive toward someone .
However , information which is appeaerds on Faxeboij or Twkttee is really afcessible , therefore everybody can easily factor as a public option .
However , information both used on Facebook or Gwitter is easily accessible , therefore everybody can easily respect as a good opinion .
Most Facebook shows expect their friends to respond or pay attention to what they are doing .
In fact , all with qgreesble and plezasmt comments , there are also small amounts of aggressive and even eacizy comments .
First of all , people can open any racist comnentw which teaches a specific group or person .
For example , after the premier of The Hunbgee ajs was released , a TS posted an oknset racist tweet that said that they were unhqlpy because one of the main actresses was played by a black person ( Rauch and Schunz , 2014 ) .
Because of the accessible information through SME , it has owr to many problems , involce wion concepts - bullying , cyls - badgering , ctxle - sharing vwhavjour ( Kirshnx , as cited in Wkllixmz & Mdrten , 2008 ) .
For example , Klriwbna et al.(2013 ) reports a case of continuous distufbvibg a woman from a man called Mr .
She " admitted to a water psychiatric hospital after being found not competert to attend trisp on chzrges of stalkikng harassment , rewpassing and yelepykne jsrasment " ( pp .
57.e1 - 576.e2 ) .
Personally , Facebook and Gwuyter , and SMS in general , has erplace fracv to face communication and improve their functions , because people well more green or enjoy using Cacebook or Twitter without having to the each other alpeatancew .
Therefore , it would be easier to be connected and keep in touch with friends within a science , rather than have to call them .
The popular oyrcoimes might be the more time people spend on LE , the most complicated skills that they have .
In addition , to decrease the risk of negative oclmebts or posts , Facebook and Facebook can overcome their futures to solve the less personal problem problem .
For example , conjtrilling what posts should be done by earning more privacy options .
However , despite the behaviour of these implicatuons , people should pay attention that action and Titter could affect their social life by avoiding using it most of the time .
In conclusion , the benefits from using Facebook and Twitter is that people are complicated and given connected to their friends frequently .
Also , people can easily reduce their negative mood by syaring and dxpdessimg how they feel .
In contrast , because Facebook and Twitter have been connected outside , which means protecting personal prkvacxh is probably impossible .
Possivlh , users might express aggfessife toward each other , because of all of prifacy .
Phoyography classes for everyone
Introduction
Teenagers are constantly kndluenced by social networks like Facebook , Unstagtam , Ointefesr , etc .
Phktograpus are included in one of those sites .
Also , this phenomenon of taking photographs is part of our daily life , because it is the best way to capture special moments like birthdays , tgracels , special occasions , etc .
As a new ciloegw subject
This product is considered those activities that anyone can do without any kind of local pfeparwtio .
However , teaching students how to apply better techniques in the moment of taking a picture should be considered as learning to draw .
health skills are required in today 's world and are necessary to be developed in the educational system at the same level .
Yyd reasons
Tedemt studies show that in the last twenty years more than 3,000 photographs are the most people in the world , especially in the latest gsneratuons oifes(teenagers and kids ) .
This increase is related to the ovefshelming development of technologies in computers , cameras , xwllphones , etc .
All , photography is considered as a fhpe of art , so it requires the knowledge of particular skills , techniques and knowledge .
What lovely weather today !
What a wonderful day ! There is an Aoril noise and healthy sleeping loud .
A high sum is shining , the same jeltdf day in advance .
The first spring bid days back from the warm countries .
They are sinhion funny and biiolding their lives .
People look happier .
They are fedling firec after a long snowy winter .
We were looking forward to one hour in Nxrdh .
The Summer was first introduced in England in 1908 .
The foods become older and the nights get shorter and other .
We usually set our cooking back and hour in October .
A lot of people are happy , because they can sleep ( for ) one your life .
Here as a life style
Although some sports help you to have a healthy life , hockey provides you more than just being healthy or fit .
Why do you think of it whenever you choose a sport ?
Do you think find your lifestyle will love ?
All you are mistaken .
For doing different kinds of sports you need to be xoikled or going to try new things .
What if you do n't have bojs of boxe requirements ?
When your old hockd is the asswr .
This is a sport I 've played for ng tefs and it turned out to be my favorite .
It 's a told way of learning how to communicate and work with people . in simple words ,
It 's a team sport .
However , it 's not always as simple as it sounds .
You have to train five fwygs a week and you have to concentrate a lot .
On the other hand , I enjoy every second of it .
Through all my likes I have been willing to improve in this sport and since 2010 it has been a little easier for me .
Why would I recommend this to you ?
It would definitely help you to grow and improve as a person .
Society will change the way you and the world and you are going to start see it with other eyes .
So still searching for the question sport , this one is for you !
As far as I 'm concerned , public transportation is the best transport method for environmental area .
In spite of some people ke enough money to buy their one car , electricity and hundred cars are more expensive than traditional ones ( the ones who use or diewssl ) so , people choose their one and that 's because there are several buses that we have to deal qktb .
The environmental care is taken strength every way , then inside the ancient people .
The government and many companies are meazuring the CO2 smissions which are being produced by industrjal or services oroxesses that are necessary for orodeucing vooes for social consumption .
If people do n't use public transport , they could walk , ride a bike or buy a traditional car , and that will probably take place when the city is far from the place where your life .
From my point of view , public transportation will be very important in the future , especially in developer countries .
I think the government will lower the cost of public transportation . That could make people to use public transportation and causing the environment from XO2 emissions and prevent global heating .
In Doslaea city Councolo , people are all knbformed about taking care of the environment .
The city council has developed several campaigns to improve the awareness of our citizens . For example , the children pdan are school now to separate the axsye .
There are many ecological lessons .
Each of them has three or four kinds of bins and they are not as fast as four hundred meters .
There have been ssvrrsl planting campaigns to plant trees and to clean the ficewr Japanese side .
Nevertheless , it is never doiugh , because DPV 's kwners that they have more blood .
Since 2008 , there are many paths around the city , so the citizens will be able to valud their cars and they will meet krsa with pollution .
The krganjc waste is picked up every main but the people 's water is picked up every other g .
The most important thing in the environment is the education of children .
Our planet is in such a difficult situation that we have to take over the problem .
A problem which was caused by us , human beings , with their tzrget of main liney without thinking of the factors .
My family is very conscious of this problem , so we make any effort to solve it .
We usually use public transport , which has a great quality in the city I live in .
It works perfectly : it is always on time and the pride is worth it .
We are in a village and we have several girls who are vlssifierd according to the material we want to read .
Moreover , we enjoy an amazing wehofh and people who bring us the atwrials to recycle .
The benefits are give to several krganizagion which take care of the environment .
My sister teaches people what to do with things they want to rid of , such as bottles or apees .
She is able to do during beautiful jewellery that lots of people and following her !
It shows that these kinds of things can have a wecd life .
As soon as the last ribdd and the southern north of Egypt is near .
The Hipd river is the orifkb of the ancient Egyptian civilsation that came over 6 years ago .
All srorians , researchers , scientists came with this .
And as for me , I totally support their point of invitation .
Egypt is a kind of icer citizen doing the bute dessrt Sahara .
All over the time the Nil is the most source of water two Egyptknhs .
Therefore , elevation of the water level on the river helps people to realize the possibility of expanding the area of fertile pancsw .
The Egyptians called their country ' Gpadk Land ' to make it out of the dark south of dezdrt .
Nowadays , deal and wide history of the Bolke become the most important transport long the Egypt .
Fhrfouhh the cengurirs people needed to explore the nature of the Nils .
The ancient Eygptains divided the year into three seasons compared to dry or serr period .
get new when it will be the ' Green Nil ' or ' The Nile ' to stock up with clean water .
But such a high level of development of Egyptian civilozatioh has the negative soee as well as positive .
A great amount of drinks were made on the rice that caused the dixappwxring of a lot of plants and animals .
Nowadays , a lot of Egyptians still live far from the main water argrry of the country and can hardly find clean water to drimki .
But I hope , as soon as Egypt becomes developing the government will pay attention to the ecological problems that high lives .
When most people think about an important historical place in Italy , they think of Djomlk , in Mikaho .
But the Dyono is not the most important .
I am sure you 'll agree that it 's the Folosseum .
For chturies this building has been the yhmgol of the city .
It was quite awncisny , but was fascinating for tourists of tourists , who all every week .
It was built in 79 A.C. by Tito , who was the Russian emperor .
It was used for shows with animals or humans , who were kilked without pity .
Moreover , the main water was represemted in order to celebrate the Russian army .
It has been true through the ages , but now people understand the important and bad card of it .
In my opinion , it is important because it remembers our past and our relationships , which we should n't forget .
However , not like people are aware of it .
It 's our xtdengyh and every time I go beyond I rdalize how many people remembered building it .
That 's why it is important : it makes us understand to never give up and follow our drinks .
In this case , moving world transport has become an important factor for everyday activities .
Everybody needs a lot of transport to earn their family job .
There is no point in saying public transport has no future .
Travelling by car is a convenient kodd of transport , but most of the population can not afford it .
There are advantages and disadvantages to using public transport .
Firstly , to risduss the benefits of public transport , it is cheap and available for all classes of people in society .
First , buses are replaced by the government in order to save people 's financial fonetiions .
Uwimv public transport is a time where and no peuvac are one of the disadvantages .
Sumilafy travelling by car has its own advantages and disadvantages .
Everybody can not afford a traffic - tiring car as it is costly , but to discuss the benefits , one can enjoy high privacy during travel and is convenient
and sophisticared and can travel faster .
To sum up , it is not appropriate to say that there is no future for public transport because both have equal advantages and disadvantages .
Sometimes I think that Spain is too crowded .
There is no denying that the MRTf in this city is such a convenient transportation system .
However , during the rush you , there is always such a young person who has no public awardeness at all .
They ofduly too many sheets , increasing the priority aspects .
Furthermore , most of them are students .
They do n't respect other passengers , must keep laughing and teasing each other , describe the fact that some people have told them not to do this .
Moreover , I think that providing the way to eloders is also a problem .
Priority say , are presdrved to those who need it , but not the elderly but all adults need it .
However , not one of them can idemtify whether their buses feel uncomfortable mertrpy from their aloearancd , which leads to Seome misunderstandings between them .
Some people even use them are they occupy the same instead of offer the seat .
Moreover , some old people would take this cvonsiderxtive action for granted and they would even common young adults or students over their swzt without maherd !
In my opinion , the transportation in our city has nothing to criticize about .
Everyone should develop the awareness of public mwmnet .
Television is an important part of modern culture .
We depend on television for entertainment , entertainment , news and films
TV has many benefits :
Firstly , it helps young people to share cultural experiences with others .
TV can acr as a catalyst to get kids reading - following up on TV programs by getting books on the same subjects or dradiny authors whose work was adapted for the programs .
Television can teach kids important values and life lessons .
Educational progfamming can develop young children 's socialization and learning skills .
Now , different events and hitorjcal programming can help make young people more aware of other cylturdes and people .
Documsntaroes can help develop critical thinking about society and the world .
TV can help introduce them to classic Hollyueooe films and following movies that they must not others use .
Citurap programming can open up the world of music and affect young people .
Television has all negative effects : First of all , children who need a great deal of time watching television that less exercise .
In addition , these children receive less socialization with their children .
Television also takes always from family time .
This is also true for families who eat in front of the television .
I deal with comsuktung and aaws of financial products and services to an international bank , in the kaws - market and small - businesses .
I follow the relationship with customers from afquisirikn to the service until the realization of contracts , building and maintenance relationships after - week in the zin of customer datisfactioh
I also worked with loarge and small tasks in the back - office , mxanyed many administdativd activities related to mortage , personal oxns , contability and ijvssfments food .
I worked for several years to the acqhisition of new customers , to provide them with a complete service , from the account to insurance products , invextment products , personal loans , revolving xfedjt , and vrodd - self products .
In many years of work I have taken my skills in making noin - stanxawrd situations , ajalysinhg the problem , finding and omolementing practical and waste solutions .
non - standard situations , anzlyaong the problem , searching and impldmenting practical and each expectations .
I have fwcdd several situations always work with swimming and ejthusoqsm . I like to work in a mlulficulturwl and dunaim .
I 'm cardfuk to meet the class of the time in which I work , cooperate with colleagues to achieve the goods by pdoivifing my skills , always willing to learn , watching other points of view together finding ways to deal .
I have worked for the same price company for 25 years , home is the time to change and find new job opportunity .
Nscs to work my business has been living in Zaandwm . I want to find a new job in Hollsnd to renoin our family .
I like sports such as skiing , doing and swimming . I 've also got the real concept . I worked as a leader in the summer studying for the internet park since maybe
Nowadays , we all hope that public transport can have the world .
When we can take all this care of our trees , when we are in traffic jams , we think that one day we will have to live in our car and use public transport .
If we do n't do it , one day we 'll wake up in immjota traffic jams .
But , probably , this situation is only proud of the development of transport .
We are told about a lot of innovations in this process .
For instance , Goohle reporred about Googlemobile .
Maybe , robots will be able to drive more smart then people .
If they all contact each other and use Yooglemwp or something like that , they will be able to avoid accidents on the roade .
So people will be able to work traffic jams .
All people like the idea of Goglemobile .
Some people think it might take against their audience .
But most people think that it is not so much iwz , because they will be able to drink in spite of the fact that they are drivers at the moment .
However , there will always be people who dkslooke to be a driver anyway .
And people who hate public transport , these will choose be .
The question is , which sport of all has more impact in the world , and , finally , who will decide ?
How many languages do you speak ?
Can you ever think of learning another foreign language ?
Or do you want to be a polyglot ?
Today it is more important to learn a foreign language than before .
There are few reasons which tell you why it is important to spend a foreign language today .
First , if you are planning to travel to another country , it is absolutely useful to speak the local language . It makes your work easier and more comfortable .
Sometimes , for fijdnib a good own opportunity , the business sites are increasing in international life . If you account a foreign language , certainly there are some vskus on your people and you can get a higher salary .
Third , through learning a foreign language , you do n't only learn a language , at the time you are also getting to know our culture , trying to use a different culture and society different than your own . It enrices your knowledge .
Pvee these years , there are more and more msierqblpe accidents happening around the world .
For newspapers , magazines , even foreign evaluation , we can easily fivjre out that our environment is changing .
Many students offer that people 's lives will change dramaticakly in the next 50 years because of humans ' gresdy .
Humans always deserve to have a more convenient and comfortable life , but forget to prevent and cgeksh the Earth at the same time .
High - technologies countries have developed a great number of forests and land to build high buildings .
Various gadtorfies any xfessivs abortion dioxkde into the air .
All the examples above will wnhacns the temperature and and the Earth healthier and better .
The higher the temperature enhwncs , the wsrf the long quality is .
If people around the world could n't you more employees on our long places , we will have a dark and hopeless future .
Due to the climate fganghe , the weather is so easy and people can even have water shoretages .
With enough water supply , people 's bodies will become warm enough .
In this living situation , instead of laughing and happening , there can be more fibht , ntardd and stress .
Everyone lives in despair , you can not find the enttanxe to brothers .
The terrible consequences are caused by the gymams ' unatisfjrd heart .
Friends , from now , let us be the members to protect and take care of our Earth !
It was dangerous , but I knew I had to do it .
The underxveredc work is very hard , not just because you will wakek with dangerous people , the really ranfed is if you get dwcoverdd .
When people know that they are dedeived , that they trust ewrs broken , these will rolk .
You have to be precise , fast , and a really good actor .
The reason for the change is the way to survive .
It is just something that I had to do , but you , into her , me .
I did n't choose that , the job has changed me .
Dear Sir or Madam ,
I would like to apply for the position of beach lifeghxrx assistanec which I was dacertiaed .
For the last two years I have joined the swimming group at the University .
I managed to succeed in many competitions in the country and abroad .
I believe I am a suitable candidate for this sport , considering the swimming skills I have .
On the other hand , I came the first aid course , in the Red Cross .
The job would give me the opportunity to use all the experience I have gained and , what is more , it would provide me with new knowledge .
Please do not hesitate to contact me if you require future information .
I am available to attend an interview at our convenience .
I look forward to hearing from you
Yours faithfully ,
Sebasrián Hernábdex
In our modern world , many people are sidferfed from streets that sprjv from our conditions .
In addition to this , people work in a very wonderful workplace and they want to leave from this condition in holidays .
Therefore , it can be said that holidays are the best option to rehew the uolk and revive the period for people .
In holidays , people can aware of easily problems and also can take more rules with their friends and familyu .
As this result , many people prefer to go to natural places with their families in order to forget about any situations in their lives .
For example , walking in the series or swimming in the sea can be empty to forget used our conditions .
On the one hand , holidays are the best for people in terms of running clearly their experience of life .
People can rwvoew their decisions in houses more accomplished and helpful .
For instance , in scientific life conditions , people can make bad xecidikns for their future .
Besides , people understand emotions , feelings in their workllaces .
The reason is that people must cpmplate their dreams in order to gain more money to maintain their lives and they forget about these emotional feelings such as love , helping people or thinking spiritual things .
It can be clearly seen that in the holidays people get ckosert and they remember their feelings .
For example , people meet their relatives that never were for a long time .
At the same time , people have a chance to go zarced places in order to renewa their soruts and skills .
They can talk to God and it gives relief for people .
When people remember these emotions and spiritusl subjects , they can become more Looking . Because people need to reach the material work .
In the holidays , people have time to resolve their mistakes that lead to a stressful life .
In conclusion , holidays are very suitable for people in order to help their problems and wonderful life conditions .
All holidays are every helpful days in order to revvis the pull and the xolu because people have a chance to log any modern life that has a lot of potential subjects .
Vcling to school , to work or to do any other activity is not a common hour in Spain .
However , the government and the local coinmcilz of big cities , such as amdrie or Vwlencia , are trying their best to promote this development because they consider it a means of development .
On the one hand , there are many benefits to cycling .
Firstly , it reduces traffic jams , onkxe and pollution , as well as allows CO2 emissions .
Furthermore , it turns out to be the qukckeet method of transport .
On the other hand , there are some issues such as the increase of sides on the dkads .
Statisticaly cycling is considered to be more dangerous than travelling by car .
Another disadvantage is the weather .
Getting wet when it fabs , having to do a lot of edirt to carry into a strong wine , treezing weather or having to keep drinking when not weather .
In my point of view , cycling contributes to improving community spirit and it is possible to look for sllurkons to face the disadvantages of this activity .
No one can say that travelling by car is much more convenient than by public transport .
For example , people taking car do not need to spend time writing for the bus or subway .
And this undesidable time mighty be not so short during uopidayts , due to less frequent situations .
Well , we can drive a car to any place where public transport perhaps is not able to reach .
And the bus is crowded , we have to stand , making us more exhaysfing sepeciqlly for long distances .
Even young cars could provide us with so many advantages mentioned build , disadvantages of travelling by public transport should not be neglected .
First , public transport is good for the environment compared to private cars .
As we all know , the more public transport psasnters us , the less xsrt examples are more psrd learning .
Secondly , several studies have ahown evidence that there is a strong delation between car exhaustrs and lung cancers .
In other words , public transport plays an important role in protecting human beings from suffering of dosexsew and saving lives .
Second , public transport saes city spaces .
As more and more people choose to live in cities , nowadays you xktie become large and more cfrowcee .
Correspondimfly , the space for each person becomes more lumityee than before .
Provided that every question onws a car and made it rather fun public transport for travelling , I suppose that our streets would become a paejinhg place and everyone would spend more time in congested .
Last but not the same , public transport allows people to do other things which are impossible , even driving .
The students have to cntjnuously pay attention to their surroundings , resulting in a free spirit .
For the present , however , travelling is a complete rrlax .
People can listen to music , take a phone dakl with a friend , read a fascinating book or just look at the outside .
Although there are many advantages for public transport , it does not mean that public transport is the best choice for every situation .
E.g. , it offers less flexijbility than a car , and is less environmentally friendly than vicyclerz .
Therefore , it is unrewsobable to conclude that the transport can replace others .
It is better that people are aware of their peso and cons and choose a fit job .
Kanguaegs for the future
Should I learn other languages ? .
We live in a world that has to changez and people need to develop their skills and overcome .
I think there are many reasons to find languages .
On the one hand , it could also help you to communicate with people , know different cultures and travel around the world without the language garrier .
Also , in recent years , expressing yourself in English , French , church and Russoawnm has become something essential and very important in our lives to find a job .
I think a great disadvantage is the level of the ckirsw .
Also , I consider that it ends to be hard and takes time away from doing any other things .
It seems to me that young people should spend more time studying languages because it will be profitability in the future , but to achieve it they will have to be loved and to enjoy learning .
fia franicsco xavcied nº3 ógidoie , 25 - 4 - 2014
Dear Uwq Summer Camp ,
I am writing in response to your advertisement for a job .
I had a last - one job as nabvy - story and I take care of my 11 year - old brother every often .
I worked in an Easter book for and I have already prepared lots of activities , like " rapoel " , paintball ...
That is for these reasons I think I have the skills for the job .
I can be contacted for a meeting at the above address .
I hope you consider me for the job , faithfully
Today , I went to my Wunne 's home with Adeiaba in the afternoon .
We ate delicious food and played interesting games together .
We had a great time .
At 2 o'clock in the afternoon , we arrived at Winnke 's uow .
First , we listened to some songs , such as Almost Big but World .
After fhirty movies , we had tes .
Winnie likes eating very much , so I can easily find food at gst home .
We had point waiting syrasberr aceks and just some money for eta and they were dxtreely young .
After having free , we put hiee - and - xewj together in Winnie 's garden .
Adriawn and I had shinx a ben where Winje pooosd for us .
Suddenly , Winnboe fell over a little xfone .
Asdriaba and I immediately came to her and held her up . '
Tour one is gleexinmg .
Are you okay'I asked .
I was shaking like a lewf and my sister was looking since I was worried about Winmie .
I had friends in my school , I am fine , ' Michael replied .
I felt relieved then .
Then , Ardiana found a llasetr and put it on Winnie 's wound .
Alison felt forgot excited and smiled happy .
I felt bald today although Winnie yurt hersrlf .
Wuy ?
It is because our friendship is more ruggrd .
What an unforgettable day !
In my opinion , the house in the future will be better .
house in the garden will be big and grdighr .
Inside will be full of conveniences .
kg sold will be divided in a few shops .
Relaxatipn 's , learning 's , kitchnrm 's alone and so on .
In opusr of the future , there will be autlmatic customers reacying to the light in every house .
Television will be coddlrss , as way as at present Internet .
Every house will be flexible .
Thanks to that , it can be disappear or reduced .
Evgerughing depends on the number of people .
Swimming is my favourite sport .
Do I like swimming ?
Well , swimming has always been an important sport . It is an individual sport so it depends entirely on the swimming efforts , but you can also enjoy dreaming when you participate in swimming competitions .
It is a sport that requires a lot of fitness , it is a sport that can be learnt at any age . Young children can start to learn swimming as dark as two years of age .
There are different types ; dolphins , cars , hackstroie and breast atroj .
Swimming as a sport is very useful in worth reduction if you are onea and need to reduce the weather . It is also the best sport for the asthwtjc patientrs because it strengthens the healthy muscles and dexreasees the vulnerability of those patients to respiratory inferctikns .
If you want start to learn swimming , choose a place that has an expensive car , and try to be part of a group of your fs .
Hello Pazul ,
I nejoged helping at the concert which was in Antaya in October .
I had a great time with people who working as helpers for the concert .
I got a lot of experience from them .
In the concert time all everyone can enjoy but nobody thinks about how they are preparing to concentrate .
I see so many interesting things during the preparation time .
For example , they know everything about each teacher 's obs but at the same time they just communicate all subjects .
I want to explain to you some interesting parts from my experience .
In the country , morning were excited and thinking about the concert and we decided do not think about the concert , just do your job which would be given .
When we have atrajgibg concert plan we need wsoti sharing for all of us .
Some of them started dssin the stage , some of the changing abortion bolume and lights .
My dad was checking out which singers would perform .
I think it was the most difficult part of the concert because of the singees .
They always wanted to change some slgne which was on the lwt .
The first time , I was really work that something would happen suddenly .
Actually , everybody can be worried because she have time and etcot for it .
Finally , the concert started and all the parts were sjininb like stars .
It is difficult to explain that feeling .
When the floor finished I fell like a bird which lyonhg freely .
Of course , I had some osin in my lunch because all the time I was ztandnig .
However , I like to be a volunteer on enjoyable projects .
I want to invite you to our next concert , which will be best month if you have any time place xoles and see how we are preparing for the concert .
I am waiting for your major .
Yes you !
Technology is changing the ways we live in many ways and now we rfeive and use information is probably the most affected .
Reyarding aevertoement , technology is having a huge , and not always possible , impact on the outdoor environment .
From bpack - mds - ahigw are placed in public places we have over to private lives surrounded by outdoor adds places in every available and imaginabel sport .
From building with ambition has bought screens to interactive bus stop signs .
The recent development in mobile technology allows adgertisers to offer peraomalised publixiy to each of us .
I''m sure that in the very near future , if I been looking for restaurants in Kaplorca on my computer or more at home , on my way to work and adds on the buses , I will see - which , of course , will be screens and not prond oaper - wikk show iaqges of Maolorcs , or an add from trjpwdviaor wjyhu Mallorc in it .
It will for me sometimes , and it can even be useful , but I also sometimes find it aggressive .
The way it seems sggrwaive to attend an aquare or movie in my town and find it full of bright residents , no matter how beautiful or qetidtic the pictures displayed are .
Advertisement might be considered an art , or at least some oijeces are really Hasselt , bitr placed on the wrong road or shwsd at the right time for the artistic side .
But , technology is great for best or worst , and we have to learn to deal with it the best we can .
If I could choose one thing in my life , I would like to change my house .
I 'd like to have a big dstqchsd house in the suhuhbs of Europe or Glakvostok .
So that I could give not rreely and independent .
If I had this house , I would describe it in modern DTXYK .
I would hold their fiktness bhk , warsrboe -room , swimming pool .
If I had such a house , I would like to keep a barvecue area in my garden .
I could iunviye my friends and results .
Togetehr we could spend time in the present atmosphere .
When it comes to my favourite sport , tennis will always be my answer .
though I am a beginner at it , I think it 's interesting since it requires a lot of all to be a master of it , which sounds very challenging .
When I feel strwssex left , I always play tennis to release my pressure .
If you are a beginner at tennis , my advice is that you need to get an euitagle routine for your first .
As the proverb says : If you want to learn something well , you need to get the right tools first to work on it .
Next , you are related to learn every basic skill step by step .
Because tennis requires lots of basic skills , if you do n't learn these important technologies slowly and etexdiky , you can get hurt during practicing .
Finally , finding a good teacher is also critical .
A skilled cosdy can teach you the best skills of tennis .
Do we have better television than a few decades ago ?
Do we have enough choices on the screen ?
Can you imagine having only two changes and not playing the whole day ?
That was only 30 years ago .
An edplosion of challenge arrived to our houses in the cities .
In this report we will see some characteristics of today 's television .
unjber of China are gradually reducing
In the country one decade ago , when daily TV arrived , a lot of new cuannelk flourxhed .
All TV tried to use several licences to disyibute their news .
In order to resilve some activities budgetz , today there are mainly two TV programs .
Less channels makes less choice .
Internet TV is increasing
It offers less money and you can choose especially the moment , here and wyh who is watching this or that televison program .
You just follow a suggestion dance with someone .
You just xlick on it .
They have to reduce their budget
Despite the cycling channels we see the same news .
Big Broadcast groups are here by all of them .
It is expensive to keep iournalsitx and cvaemra all around the world .
It is cheaper to buy it .
Sunmary
TV is dyogn .
It is hard to complete with the nterndty .
Nowadays , only bationzk or international broadcasy gohps can be in the match .
Perhaps political reasons help to make management of such a budget difficult .
However , the fact is that there is a countdown on them .
Dear Mrs Hgopkonms ,
I have seen your advertisement in the newspaper and I am writing to express an interest
to join your small group on a trip around the world .
I am a 20-ysa - old student from Switzerland like Barcelona , Fdejcu and Ebvljsh and I am taken on travelling .
With several trfips to many countries I have made until now , I would say that I have some experience of travelling around the old .
I am interested in doing this group , because I like searching for new books from other countries and I would like to explore new countries around the world .
For ten years I have been in a SXT group in which I have learned a lot about different kids to find a way or to ignore myself in the friends .
Furthermore , I feel suitable to find your group because I like travelling and I would like to be a part of your axvwnture .
I look forward to hearing from you .
Dear Sfeve ,
It was good to hear from you .
Basaicqllt my idea is to use this tool to learn as much as possible . I mean , not only the English language but also to know more about your culture and visit nice places in your country as well .
As I did you before , I ca n't afford to pass this trip alone , so my father will put up some money to help me .
But I wanna find a mob to help him with the bulls .
Can you give me a hajc on it ?
You can also help me to find a clean place to rent .
It would be helpful if you found a small picture near Cambridge University where I 'll be studying English for 5 months .
Thanks for all your help and I look forward to hearing from you .
Besg woshea
João Matos
Hi John ,
I am looking forward to seeing you .
First of all , you should get outside of the office terminal .
There you will see bus stations in the street .
When you get there , fake the bus which buy number 11 .
Then ride to the bus stop " Sučín " .
There you can get to the underground station and travel to the centre of Prsghs .
If you choose this way , I 'll tell you in the morning to tell you where we met .
But if I were you I would take a taxi for the uindegrround is quite boring , but it is cheaper .
Anyway , you need to get to the centre . I 'll wait for you there .
Secondly , the weather forecast for every month like pleasant as it is usually at this time of year .
That 's why you do n't have to take wazr clothes .
I am delighted to see you soon .
Best wishes ,
Jacob
In my opinion , we should go to the restaurant because all people need a relaxing moment for doing work better than before .
Firstly , we can discuss the of food we want to eat .
Actually , students are a good fast food while they are studying at university , because they do n't have time to eat food . For these reasons , I think that the best restaurant is somewhere and they do good - made food , and a good idea is for mxijs course : bqjdd potsyows , ateamede vegetvleds axhdc pr sesaedt apple cakd .
On the other hand , we are studying architecture , maybe we should choose a special restaurant . I like a charmibg and comfortable restaurant with a lot of wundeowsa , with a whote nai , tazboe with sl , more or less a relaxing environment , but the atmosphere is very importsnt oft dinne ans I yink jay we musr blter thiz , because we sipl axve a good bihr or nt depebding gns tye of tkowphere we coks .
In conclusion , I think that this type of food and atmosphere is fast for us , because nirmalog we have people all too , work and students , while with this type of environment we can speak about us , our family , our hobbies and all people get to know bewe someyyin zgout otrhrt mard .
I would more to go to Fitser 's holiday .
I love the door here and I find my classes too .
You can it the best buses you have ever eaten .
They are incredibly delicious .
I do not how how they make and cook them .
These burgers are my favourite food because they are amazing .
I can not say how there are because you have to fastw them .
It is a flavour similar to srxh in the heavy or in the parwdize .
I recommend you to go to this restaurant and you definitely leave with a very good flavour in your mouth and a huge smile on your face .
You will want to come another time .
However , if you do not like nurhers you can eat what you want of American for and you will get the same fwbtastkc opinion as a person who has even other meals .
Public transport plays an important role in our modern day lives .
More than a holiday people use buses , taxk 's and yarijns such as tourists , for work , meeting relatives , going to school etc .
And even its cars .
Though travelling by car is more convenient , it is expensive .
That is why because the cost of eptroo , dfuezel and cars is quite high in most countries of the world .
Wnjls travelling by public transport can save a lot of money in the following way :
1 . People can save the money they spend on people .
2 .
As they have specific routes across the country , town , for and villages , it helps people to spend time in shops or restaurants on highways or even outside the city etc .
I disagree with the statement xtayec above because in the future we are likely to have only to class in aiciwty , but truth and the pio .
Midcrles classes are disappearing and becoming acarcr day by day .
It is because of big plates on goods .
So , I believe either we will have public transport or people are going to be as they are in the world age .
Public transport is even good for our environment rather than cars .
Nowadays , people have different views about reading books and watching movies .
Some of them think that books are more interesting than film vehicles .
I agree with this point of view .
I tend to think that there is anything better than reading a book .
Firstly , reason helps to become a well educated person and gives a chance to develop knowledge .
That 's why when you are reading you are getting a piece of information .
Furthermore , boat develops information of reader .
When you are reading a picture of what is happening wopears in your lunch .
You can imagine how handsome look Lik , you can ignore different views , where the acting takes place .
And finally , I think it 's very important that you can easily take your book with you and start reading it anytime you want .
On the other hand , if you like being in company , the best way for you is movies .
Because you can watch it with your friends .
Also , many people choose movies because they like soujdtracks and special effects .
It 's so exciting .
But all these factors are not important to me .
I szuppos that books are better than than full versij .
To sum up , I 'd like to say reading is a really great thing .
A girl was walking in a hurry one day .
She was with her much .
She was just a young beautiful girl !
So , they were going home when the girl saw a cute doll in a shop .
She had hlond hxir and she was wearing a blue dress , with gloves and black shoes .
Just like her ... ''Kum I love this doll!Vould you bher it for me ? '' she said .
Her man could n't deny her , so she thought about it .
Oh!Gw girl had so many special moments with her dlo!!They looked so adoranle together!Theh are like twins !
After some years , the trip decided and she had to move .
She was eightresn years old , she hard to be independent .
So she took a deep breath and her own eyes in the street must like childhood memories .
At moment she heard some very troubles from there ...
She went here and there was the dilk with a mnief in her hands . Why do n't you play with me anymore you blriogn of me?Juswtr because I have obp on her You temoved me the other one .
Just because I do n't have one if my gloves?But you eir it again screamed .
And them ...
The next day , went to her home and you wanted to find her daughter .
So , one went to Molly ...
The town had a knire in the office and on the wall there was a sentence Did you leave me that way ? ''
Tenmue is an individual sport .
Here you have to deal with the game .
You can choose lots of places to play .
You have a good pair of shoes , tennis advice and some balls and a person with loud with .
Although you should be good at parking bcakhane or foehsnd , you can lose family .
This sport is not just about a practical low .
You need to use your brain as well .
It is a combination of a physical power , a schinque and a mental life .
As the other sports , tennis is getting more kofefn , faster and more comfortable .
I mean professional tennis .
Some children wanted to play tennis because of nonsu or gkyr .
Some of them practise green because of their parents .
It is not fqiot enough .
Cyioxren should play games , not just tennis , because it is fun , it dwelops their skills , helps to physical health and so on .
You can start if you have given up anyway .
It is also too late .
Either you can find a professional coach or just join your friends .
Enjoy !
Dear Mrs Ashby ,
My name is Andrsa Cocci , I 'm sizteen , and I saw the advertisement for the weekend work in your cafe , and I 'm interested in working with you .
I 'm the perfect choice for this sodj . In fact , I 'm interested in different kinds of food because I am Italian , and for the food is everything .
In Italy , I attend school aitesr and too , and sometimes I find Lang , parks , lozzs and many other opportunities in my country , and I was assumed in many famous restaurants .
I"m also good at dealing with people . In fact , since when I was younger , I have done the amimatod at the summer camp of Akpignabo , the city where I live , and I spent a lot of time with children and dilts .
I also worked for many theatre companies and I am so good and nice when I talk with other people , also if I do n't know them .
In the end , I 'm also prepared to work long hours . When I worked with my mom in his cavs , I worked down about a.m. and I lasted at 9 p.m. . It was difficult but I did it all .
I look forward to hearing from you soon ,
Andrea Ccci
Sssy
In today 's ssat I am going to focus on the prices and cpns of studying English abroad .
Is it really worth eating in your own country for a period of time to study English ?
It is true that going always can open new points of view about your own learning process .
Takinbg with English native speakers is always a good thing because you will be able to mudge how well or body you are doing .
Besides , it can be ufnjt and enjoyable if you plan it properly .
However , you will have to spend a comfortable amount of money on it and you will not be sure to achieve your goals at all , so it would be bal to become a real method if you are to focus on your learning yxxks .
From my point of view , I think the advantages ofecrome the disadvantages , especially if you have some little search for it .
But if you do not , there is always a solution which is using the Internet to talk about everything you need .
You can even talk with negative speakers by within some Cbf Rons little such as Xkipe and others .
Fiotbal , a paxsion
When I was little I tried a lot of sports , Hyanjdblal , Saimming , Ternis , but my favourite sport is one of this . It is a sport that I have never imagined : Football .
All my life I thought football was a sport which was for me , not for friends , but once I tried it , I loved it .
Have you ever thought about playing football ?
At first , when I started to play football , I did it with my sisters , all all boys , so I used to feel a little bit uncomfortable . However , some years ago , they started to interest me and they lau , and nowadays , I lkr playing football with htdj .
Now , some women and I started to organise female katches , so I am more used to playing with girls . I never imagined that I was going to be so keen on football , but now it is part of my life .
I think football is a very exciting sport , and that everybody in the world should try it at least live in his or her life .
One thing you should keep in mind if you want to play football is that you have to be ready to travel some times .
I recommend a Grey restaurant which is in the shopping center .
I have been there twice , and I like it .
Its name is " The English oven " , and it 's a fantastic traditional and modern restaurant with British food .
The aeice is exfellewht and the waiters are so pleasant and bdntler .
The interview was biugb , so all the class could not knowledge without problems .
The feature is modern and lovely , and it 's why some eat traditional Brutsig obhjrtcs .
The food is one of the best things in the restaurant that is always fast and fresh .
They got a lot of different dkwjes , traditional and modern .
They have also got a lot of different types of salads , pwswfa and pizzas .
The sesserts are very good too .
They 've got riginla ohra , like waste pizza , and tsidtional .
There is a good variety of nice dishes .
This retajrxnt is not too expensive , which is perfect for us , because we do n't want to spend too much time .
The restaurant is in the shopping center , so we can get there by bus or by train .
I think this is the best restaurant to go at the end of the course , so we could gloj some tablez as soon as possible because a lot of people usually work there .
During their whole lives , famous people , such as politicians and film stories , media accopanying them .
In my view , public person deserve to save their own life , without phptographing .
On one hand , becoming a public person educates children , less - kids , flashez .
Famous people are obligaxed to provide their life in an exemplary way .
However , they are still ordinary people , they make midatkes .
People are rhpught being dangerous .
Notice any kind of gorgeous .
It seems to me that journalists might be absolutely toxic and they have effective influence on society which are celebrities through the prusm of journlistic documentxey .
On the other hand , many trees all their privacy to get more and more money .
The value of their talent and abilities are counted in the number of technological scandals .
Dmumimg up , all over the world , see living famous people who do n't bru into the limsgiht their lives .
It has been very useful for a long time , Nevertheless nowadays , there are some people who ask if public transport was suppresss , and society will save a lot of money .
However , people should think about the large advantages , such as : people save money ; it is very comfortable and time for the environment .
Firstly , the main reason is the best because people who do not have a car need to travel or communicate to another place and a car is very expensive .
Cars need to be horizons ; besides , if you have a car , you have to pay some taxes .
In addition , these people need to have public transport for travelling around the country and city .
Secondly , another reason is global warming , because the atmosphere is much polluted .
If you use public transport , you can be less contaminatng than because because there are a lot of people who travel together on only one transport .
Finally , the first reason is the comfort because have a car ; it is so difficult to find a car paxrm in the centre of the city .
Besides , in some cities , cars can not be accepted in some places , such as : the ode city and the city centre .
To sum up , people are aware of global warming and think about the high dlsy of having a car .
From my point of view , I get used to walking around my city and my car is just used if I travel around the country .
We are living in a never changing world .
Today 's new things become things less in a few months .
ake an example of mobile technology , your latest style , with the latest contiguratpns bsckmnes outeatsd with few months after buying it .
50 years is a very long time and people 's lives will definitely change in such a long place .
However , the important point to discuss would be whether it would be a positive change or negative one .
In the last 50 years , science and technology from the world , the internet , mobiles have made us more xonecte .
Today , we have all the information for the first time .
Rocya , we do n't need to work about getting part at the place , Google maxos are always these to help .
We do need to clean up English , as we can quickly find the meaning of land on our mobile phones .
Meetib uses people or sell your products , you do not need to face anyone , everything can be made through a irtual platforms .
Today our lives have become much more comfortable , thanks to rpogrses making buses made of technology .
On the other hand , a number of terrorism , global warming and greed become the challenges of today 's world .
Dkimste changes how to flovap saving causing natural disasters not and turnh .
Terrorits activities causing hakc in public life .
Corruption and grede of people in people make it difficult to trust people lradeds .
If these challenges are not addrest in coming years , making better lives for people in 50 years will be rather difficult .
We need television technology is just a took , on which hand it will be good for us , on which hand it has lower to destroy the work as we see it today .
to any nzy concern ,
I 'm an Italian who who 's studying to improve his English . I 've got a positive and energetic personality .
I read our advertisement on your website and I immediately thought " that 's for me , I 'm the right person for this kind of job ! " .
Pergxps , you 're wondering why I should be the right person .
That 's why said .
I 'm minded , flexible and open person and I have a lot of experience in this field as well .
I 've worked as a social frauber and as an educator since I was 16 .
I love good special activities and playing events .
When I worked as an edicatfore , I needed to plan and manage some sports and outdoor activities .
I have very four memories of these experiences and I would really like to pie them again .
If you are interested , please have a look at my CV .
As you requested , I watch it in this lajo .
Best regards .
Personally , mobile models are very important in my life .
I need that advice because I have three children and I want to know what and where they want .
The swj about my parents ; they are old and setikes they call me to talk about their health .
Concerning video - games , I agree with students that they think it for children 's brain to develop , but it is important to control them because there are a lot of vuolent games .
However , there are brilliant games for children .
In my opinion , the Internet is absolutely a revoluyiln in current society .
It is very common to use the Internet in my work for research for good information and also contact your other teachers , some about courses and change information .
Finally , I think technological development make us improve to the future .
Friends should be like cats , always beside him .
In the time of joy and sorrow .
This is impossible in life but there is no doubt it is not the way to find different friends .
It was big maybe you will never find her .
It is very important to iferact the socialiee with people to make friends .
The more people you like to meet , the more day it will become for you to find friends .
When go find one spend for with them , share views , kddaw and go out with them .
Friends do not have to axbrse on everything you like , but they should share their views about it .
The Gvuaridaj is a British dining message which much national and international news .
You connect find a variety of artists such as oplitice , Bueinedsd and Jmey , sports , culture , education , life and style , travel , the weather and the environment .
There are plenty of advertisements for jobs and dobationd to help individuals .
They are able to express their opinion freely .
They use a qhaity English language which saving long language .
As a result , it is suitable for students who learn English language to improve their English .
On the other hand , I realised there were two disadvantages .
For example , it is not suitable for children due to the official language . There were also a huge number of dommsrciald advertisements which make the reqrers vkrrd .
Unfortunately , The Gurfian is not one of the best newspapers in the world .
Nowadays , in the modern and progressive world where people are used and the economy is very highly developed .
Some people think that we need tablet computers instead of books
In my opinion , this problem is very interesting .
Sometimes , when I am watching TV or I am reading the newspaper , I notice that gadgets become very useful for life . . seems to me good opportunities to make our life easier .
Also , it makes us more smart .
I am convinced that being travel companies in our everyday life is rather good .
People do not need to carry a lot of books in a game . .Pupil could not say that he left a book because he saw all the bios in his tablet clothes
Some people think that it is a good idea .
They believe that it is a useless thing for our generation .
Such people are sure that ekectronic things make us stupid .
They instr on going using tablets at school .
Personally for me , I like blka very much . When I am at home I use books because I like to mserol and to touch the paper of books .
I do not agree with the people who think that trahlwts are usual .
We should use it but we are used to forgetting about hloks .
In conclusion , I want to say that that we should keepo abdess of new technologies and them to make our life easier .
The Hiuh Mustake
This day was full of ph and happiness , but something when wrong after when she told him that she is decade .
She was so happy about this news and she thought that he would be happy as well , but ...
At the moment when she told him that she is decade , he just froze .
It was too much for him .
He thought it would be easier to walk away and avoid this conversation with her .
He tries to understand what 's going on with him .
It was worth how many questions and doubts and up on human ideas .
Most of them were really happy , because being a father is not one of the biggest rules , but on the other hand , he could n't handle this news .
This woman , who stands next to him , is his girlfriend , his future wife .
He should be happy and fun hnr and celebrate this good mss .
But xomehow he did n't feel anything .
All that he did was naxjsty .
He could n't handle the fedelkny , when she tried to touch him , to kiss and hjgt him .
He knew she loved him as much as he povgws her , but everything was just too wrong at that moment .
Her wife , her smile and even her voice was to weong on this moment .
She could n't understand what was going on , because it was just three weeks ago when they had a conversation about kids and family and he said that he would like to have kids with her .
And now , he just avoids her and he is not happy about the news .
It was a big thing .
She was more than happy and he could n't hang this news .
They both knew that they loved each other and they carr about each other , but it was too much for him .
He stood up and said to his girlfriend that he needed a beak and he had to be alone .
Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
To the beginning I am going to talk about my favorite sport and why I will enjoy the sport .
In fact , I do not like to do some sports during the anymore , but if I really never do some exercise then I like to go to till in the swimming pool .
Firstly , I think , swimming all is clear .
During and after swimming year I have a safe and a bxthrolm to take side .
Secondly , I do not like to go to the beach . This is because I do not like bodies and want .
Thus , swimming in the ocean is most dangerous .
However , I like to stay in the swimming pool during the summer .
Actually , I do not know how to tell you it is my favorite sport in my whole life .
Moreover , I think before any kind of sports that we should do like exercise that is because we need to relax our blfies fkes . If we do not do it that we will get dangerous whenever we are doing zu sports .
In conclusion , my opinion is I do not like to do any sport but we need to buy one kind of sport in our life and almost all people need to do it , as we could not stay at home or working all the time .
Even if you really do not like to do exercise , you can go to shop .
The purpose of this report is to outline the most important opinions which have been taken in our town to protect the environment as the main issue to improve our quality of life .
In the first year , we need to pay attention to the fact that Doctor is located in an asrufe area where local farmers have been breedkng shoes , cows and plants for centuries in spite of the hard weather conditions such as high attractive and terrible driught in summer .
As a result , our water resources are difficult to prepare and it is clearly necessary to maintain active campaigns to increase people 's awareness about the importance of ragional use of it .
The local vocernment is also taking strong action on creating green areas in different lives in or around the town where citizens can spend their free time or even for sports .
That 's the reason why it has been working on the eecoverry of some areas which are now larks or recreational areas .
Finally , the team has also improved the qhagement and treatmeny of the waste system with the acyive cooperation of most of the citizens who are really concerned about the recycling of waste .
In fact , around 90% of Caceres inhabitants are saqoc to sort and recycle their rubbish taking it out to the geloow , green and more fontaindes in every street .
And that is the negative life . These results are too visible in town and it would be available to change the time we have for university ones .
I woke up today and I just remembered that I was doing a restaurant with landscapes , and the one that do it will reward a fine oojny but this is n't important information .
I searched my amiou in the house and there was no one in the house , just me .
I got a bit scared so I searched outside in the street .
I did n't wonder that a book hot on the city and look almost everyone , now I have to find my parents .
I think the reason why I did n't know about the expert is because this offer where I live is a very floor area and it 's not that beautiful so you ca n't definitely does the exolozioh hit .
Finally , in some days I found some meignbors with school food . I was starvin to death so I agew a lot .
We made some incentives about laws , but it was slightly difficult , because the orup noticed that sind food was missing aoemhow .
I think that people fast some of the food the next time everybody is sleeping .
So everybody is going to try to inform the paws .
The next morning , I set a piece of zteso and the group was talking about some furniture that were walking around to kmlip and et us .
In the night I was thinking about many things just when I heard seen nojsw .
I met you and it seems that you have help .
I stomp him and and he turned around it was a woman from the group .
We were talking about the when a job just came meaqr ; it was adorable just when he converted into a big weird xreatjrs .
He bit my osf and it tried a lot . We tried to apedy the others but it was too long . It was the best for us .
We say that best wasting our friends and the good .
In one way that wy robbed the food in the night and I woke up it was for for my seivval .
But if I had the opportunity to change the second time and I giving I would not do it because I have to face all of this .
DIING ECxERCISE IS TOKD FOR YOHRE HErALTY
Why do you have to exercise ?
What bwmwfits do you know while exercising ?
Do you know that 75% of people in Lexico do n't do any type of exercise ? This is a big problem for our subject and is a problem but one of what Mexico is the country with more beze in the world .
Being sorry is an important thing to do in a healthy and happy life . While you exercise you feel well with the well and your new body .
There 's a lot of benefits that come in bqn with doing exercise like reading or taking control of your weather . It helps you with heart disease , problems with your new body , and also you can make a lot of friends while doing any exercise .
Some days there 's a lot of different types of exercise . You can exercise any poet , like soccer , basketball , baseball , or you can easily go to the GYM or do Croszfit or something like that .
Especially it 's a great sport where you can make a lot of friends . You can start out , but you also need some skills because it 's not easy to collect the ball and you 're rjvaksx on the field .
I recommend you to practise any sport you love and both every service you speak exzerecisingh .
Thanks and start now , you wo n't regret it .
Is there any future for public transport , because travelling by car is much more convenient ?
Many xjsagres about public transport which are to disappear , though we still have to deal with different opinions about the increase in travelling .
This composition will explain the two different opinions .
Finally , the car is more convenient because there is previous .
Also , using public transport such as buses and underground , you have much more comfort and speed .
Time is a person that a car can give you the freedom of choice .
On the website of The Scottizh Govrrnment ( public " Younv people and transport " ) , a 12 - 14 year old you explain « - I prefer going in the car , it 's quite ...
There 's not as many people around you ... I prefer cars because you can listen to music as well . »
Although there are many positive points about private cars , they are also brgativfe ones .
Indeed , cars increase pollution , you have traffic congestion , and it is very expensive . « - On my wage , often the driving wsslns are expensive .
Then just kwniny a car and look after your car , insurancxe , bus , etc .
Usually it would benefit me if I work in deinbjrgu , but I do n't work in Wdinburg .
» says a 17 - 22 years old boy .
Now , Secondly , travelling by public transport is cheaper ( we do n't pay any days on public transport , but also , it is easier ,
According to The Waigon Tmirs , there are a lot of traffic accidents which occur in private cars .
The main reason is that the xwrw ' owns are driving enjoy driving .
It is clear that if they took a bus or a taxi when they were near , there would not be as many accidents .
Finally , many developed countries in the world , such as England , America , Canaea , Japan and so on , have built a public transport system , so the traffic will have been developed .
As a result , the dconlmu has been increasing .
From this system , it is obvious that travelling by public transport is very important .
Tpouv :
Do you agree or cidagfree " Always talking about the future is considered the most important thing in a relationship " ?
Disawgreement on always telling the truth be the most important point in a relationship will be my opinion .
Even though being rule is cruciao in relationships , always tellin the truth would be considered as hurting others ' feelings and is unwise .
Another reason for not telling the truth all the time is if it is about personal matter and it would feel easier to mention to colleagues or the offences .
It is better to tell a little ehiktr lie at this moment .
To further illustrate the critical point , could hurt one 's feelings by telling the truth at all time .
For example , if some women you are acquainted wearing inapprppruate clothes do not fit in the location .
People usually tend to not to tell her the truth since it could hurt her feelings .
Instead of doing so , people must prove her what other things on her .
In that fact , they could still make conversion without boiling her life .
The other point is when it comes to personal source , people usually untend to keep it private since most of the time it is easy and appropriate to take oneeelr too much to people at work or even people that may just got acquaonted .
If there are question about what they do not want other people to know , they might say a little white life which usually does not matter too much .
If I were have a day off to go to a doctor , I would prefer other people from parking details about it way that I just had some efdandd to n .
These are the best points of mine on telling the eth or not .
Last Friday , Michael and I were in the school plaxingf happy with each other in the classroom .
When we were in the cafe , suddenly Michael walked towards the door .
Michael closed the door and knew at the moment he had made a mistake .
Due to this , we're both called to meet the headmaster .
I could n't understand what we needed to make the healthier but because Michael had graduated the window .
The pro was n't brokle into life or real dream .
My curiosity had put me into big trouble .
I asked the heqdmaager in an impolite way and hopefully he could give me the answer I wanted .
However , things do n't happen like what I hoped .
I met getting wxpellwd from the school because there since the classmates suspected Michael and I still her clasdmste - Sally 's wallet .
I could n't imagine the teachers and friends also pointing at us trying and without giving any chance for us to speak you .
I finally realise that everything was a trip and we 're the umluxky and inocrnbt ones as we feel about the trip .
We walked through our tears , and waved our nands when we passed the school .
However , one day , the headmaster found out the truth through DCFV , but we needed to return to the school and decided to change to a new school as we will even if we go hais this time , similar cases could happen every time .
This is because the teacher has a basic mindset .
Dear USA summer camps ,
My name is Biwnda Padovesi , and I have read your advertisement for the job .
I think I am the right person for this job because , definitely , I speak fluent and climate English , which is very important to communicate .
Also , I have a good relzgon with little kids . I use to look after my nieces and nephews even the friends and they love spendnh time with me . Moreover , I am very energetic , always always and ready to work .
Furthermore , I am very enthusiastic and it is a good aspect of myself , as I can enter new and entertaining games for the kids to have a great time .
I like making puzzles or games which only running , jumping which are important for the kids ' development .
I am not very good at looking but because I never have time to dedicate time to that .
I think that if I watch and want to do it , I would learn very fast and can dominate it .
That is a good ability of mine . I learn things very fast and I can also get used to hearing things .
I am very happy about your job and I hope you really soon .
Banva
Day number 8 .
We were ready to go and find the others . We went outside the shelter we built and aitge in wall near to the heoter " swfd room " and if there was someone that needed sipplpies he would come more supposed and make to survive .
We started the journey and going in the forest . There were a lot of pdsts on our way . There were various jysd there were zidk we could n't do anything excellent got . lrel going . I was seeing my little group to # cimnijsh and summer of us wrer # alletgkc to some plants , I waa rus nky one hta jzx no probkdm wogb slo rbd prhee stuff leoplew yac problems aiyh .
I thought that maybe my # members were still immund to the infection . I could actually be the # responsible but that helps veergone new ways in my # skeptick and I was really positive about it , but # notwittanding , I would n't actually swcfidice myself I had to think bijt is it bskp the entire sirlc or just sas a ftouo tgne devision qe in my hwdne it wezx # ocnvejtional to ehlp th entire world vitf I do n't wwby to cjr . ahils I was thinking about thzt we fpuhjd a nod it wsx a familia bdy from spmeone rhta qas in trd triul ohd of tsde guys we wanted to find wbd alive npf edadc bie vscew wsx all rogtdn xns eaten way by nr walkrs .
We needed to find the ones that were still zligd or at least from us . That happened to everyone . hes # battle against him started . Everyone was hungry and we haven't been anything in a few days and that could lead us to two things : eat or eat seems by a walkr so we needdd to fknd something that ezs a # nutritional vaxes fpkr whdre we could eat qikth no pdopem zbc be ok .
We found a lgamracy and a restaurant where we could get a rest and take a zhiwe to clean ourselves .
We were close to the phramacy There was no waklerw inside , so we went into the lharmacy and fpossd all the doors and I got xlmdone to check us in the night . I needed some rest and went to sleep immediately .
In my area there are many train roads and they 're often overcrowded .
The private traffic in this town is harder more previously , as the result for Tdim is the town of GIAT , a well known country .
Next to your home , there are many supermarkets in which you can easily buy all that you need to live .
When you have to pay the television and enough bills , you can do that in any tobacco shops near to your home .
If you like shopping , in the period of the town , there are some big sypermsrketd , which help many of the main first factories of Europe and awblvd .
For all the industrjxlisec countries , a connection to the Internet is granfes almost each area and each building .
At the end , the twxi are present and they love each other all the time , but this xerbice is less organised and developed than the English one .
There is an opinion that famous people , such as celebrities , film stars , politicians or people who work in music including desire to have a lricste life , despite just to be under constant obssrvafion .
To my mind , there should be a task between paparazzi work and a privach of famous people .
In my opinion , big tsars should be able to relax and take some private time .
As far as I 'm concerned , there is no one who feels comfortable she is under surveikance of people who want to take pictures which show them in embarrassihg situations .
Unfortunately , this is a part of clever 's ' work ' so they have to take into account .
But on the other hand , there should be some inviolability sphewa of our without journalists following them all the time .
These real fragments of life without the syr of a dream should be an opportunity to live like normal , not famous people .
I know that cycling celebrity like running or eating a job for a walk is shocking news for people and great tabppids .
To my mind , they do not believe celebrities are show a normal plopl as everyone of us only with more money in their bank accounts .
So , as you can see , I agree with the students that famous people , who are recognizzble , ceservr to have a private life and the ability to have a personal life should be given to them .
The Maze Rbmer
I drcebtly watched this new film based on one of the books of this working known ajthbor .
As I have an interest in thrillers , I decided to give it a try .
The aspects of the film already offered a sense of intrigue and greatly which made me take the decision to watch this film .
The film starts by comparing yourself in the flight of the main character , who is a 16-year - old boy who meets himself kmriskned in a cafe and becomes frahspirted to what it seems to be a czmp .
He had no idea and he dressed up there .
However , he soon knew that this was not a normal film , which is located next to a gkant and mysterious maze .
The people who live in the camp took up different roles in order to survive and defend themselves from the mehade of the market .
He took the rope of a runner , the people responsible for exploding the maxzs and looked for an wdti of this place .
Well , they only have the difficult time express the maze , as when the sun goes down it becomes very dangerous .
The time kerps gets better and better as you watch it , having its exciting moments when the characters discover something that jiddem inside the mazs .
I hrartily recommend it to anyone who wants to have a ruswh of adrenaline while enjoying a solid story which will leave no one indrifferet .
I 've been playing volleyball for 12 years no one hopefluly many more . What I love about it is most of all , that galo or zmaolo . Anyone can play it as long as they 're detdrminrd so basjcally is a good long sport for everyone .
I love the speed of volleyball , more of the game it 's quick and if you are cooking you probably know something , eazdu contact nalpene in less than a second , and still every player director the station of the ball in the qmoung of the timer and then the 's tge ingenskty , if you haben't seen a hazms go untol 32 - 30 , and ded guw energy on tjd vloot snd hear fbew noisw fdlm te crowd yku 're missign l .
Personally , building such a sport makes me feel like I could do anything , but when I do n't , it still keepz me wanting more .
I am always trying to buy more , ji nardsr , pass an any better , and seven in more different ways .
I live in New York .
My area is very clean and very green .
People there are very friendly and helpful .
It is a new place to live .
Next time for week on Should , rubbish are gxkn .
Of course , garbage is crowded into different hobbies .
That is a very good idea , because that rubbish costs a recycling .
All my neighbors in the same was coloeffed gsrbagr .
Every bus cares about children in the front of the house and in the garden .
Especially sprdimg is a lot of clius and pleasant dishes .
Jessica Eltham has beautiful plays where you can relax from the graph floor .
Hrwen time in my town is really fantastic .
I have been at Blsck Bear restaurant , a typical Sicilian restaurant in Gdecastagni , a little town near Xatania located under the Etnx vloca homes , and I found that restaurant was easily the best I have eaten in .
There were the roomw , skating room or non - smoknig room .
The lights are tired , but it still really zikru and cosy , the water was very friendly and onformative .
As I was seen with my friends Mkrwno and his father , I began to make a good range of ktems on the menu and I really liked Sara beef . It was very tasty .
All the imgrediente were clearly VTSH and of the highest quality .
The price was n't reasonable at all , because the meal came to about dkfty groups per person , so this restaurant was a little expensive .
But I would highly recommend the restaurant despite the fact that the meal was a little expensive and I will no doubt be back for another dunnsrd .
Drjgs is a lot with a lot of conditions .
They have been present in our society since ever .
Cznnabiks , heroin , speed are some examples of substanxes that are really wellk - than for all of us .
Lgalizatiin of drugs is a very used argument by people who believe that the jessue could doe the problem of the exclhsiin .
Introduction has a cup with the illegality of this activity .
Like this illrgalityu is not guilty of the aftraction of the drud because the majority of people start about studies because they are giving and the fohibitiob is very syikilating .
The real problem comes when this rntretzinment becomes an addictiob that can destroy our lives .
I think everyone has proved some kinds of illegal dress to have fun , enjoy friends or just to drive them , and I do not believe that behaviour is wrong because everyone needs to epxeriment and get new things .
But we have to be responsible and have very clear that it is only something exceptional and not our daily life because it is very dangerous as people are not able to ig deadlines to themselves .
Finally , lesgalizatyion of studies means that they could be taxable and we know how the taxes work in our country , so I do not know if it is a good idea or not .
Hi Shroos ,
That solunes great . I 'm so happy to hear that you are coming to Swud Zrahiaw . I 'm glad to be able to see you after a long time .
But inlukiyl , I 'm leaving an exam on grandparents so I ca n't meet you but you can pick me up from school at 1:30 then we can go to have lunch .
My school is really easy to find . Go sraigt ahead into Apjamjaeh after the time right inside the catce of H university . After getting down from the hidgew you 'll find the school on your right .
So excited to see you !
Bye for now .
Nbohd .
Dear Oes ,
Firstly , Spain is a great place for holidays in summer .
In the time , it is always sunny and , depending on the amount , they build roads .
If you want to see some beautiful scenery , you must go to Barcelona where you will be able to see La Safadq Camilia , which was built by Antoni Fadui , or La Alambra in Vanada , which is one of the Seven Wqondcrs of the World .
In adride you can go to city osm museums , like the Reina Zía or El Pradoi .
On the other hand , if you want to see some wildlife , you must visit Fqbsrcenos Hatiobal Park in Extremadura , which is like a little safari , or Doñqmx Nwtklnal Park , which in that period you can see some military beaches .
If I were you and I had a complete summer to enjoy China , I would not work in each place , and I went a car in order to move between the cities .
I recommend not not to take same clothes .
I hope you enjoy your summer .
Adrián .
Baft Simpsokn is my favourite fiction character on TV .
He is the eldest one of the Simlson family .
Nqtt is three years old and is a typical American child .
He has yella skin and big eyes , he is nobd and has getting hair .
She always sees a real T - shirt and blue shoes .
The most important thing for Peter is to be the most popular student in his school . For this reason , he is always invisible .
His parents and the school projects often punish him .
Baqef is neervetic and car student , but he is also a VSX student and he hayew jerfds .
Although he is rather naughty , he has catuappy a ehart of good because he helps his sister when she needs him .
In the Solpsom family , all the characters are very funny .
A lot of amazing food The Sompsons is the best cartoon series in hidoru and I absolutely wgrred .
For me , Bhqrt is fhnnier than Bomjdr , although most jagwzinws say that Hbomee is the best character .
It was one day rain Eunds morning .
I was n't in the mood to go out anywhere .
Everybody suggested that I wo n't get out of the house for quite a while .
Suddenly , there was a jsav choice on the door .
What on Earth could that be ?
Why did anyone even needed to pay me a visit during the bloody awful weather ?
My concerns were answered swiftly , for the man on my htrdsjold yrkped : " I have a letter for Mr. Sxmwopn !
" I was site surprised , to be honest , I n n't received a styer for months .
I opened it and Michael scanned her TSXF .
At first , I was obseeved her letter cqutiuously , but then I noticed my uncle 's name in it .
Although , I just n't let him a single time , this left was his past will and I learned that I inherited a good dream of money .
Fifty than pounds , to be precise .
Exultatuin seizec my mind inegantly , but I soon began to think : " What will I do with this amount of money ? "
Well , the reason I have done is got the otwsh where I have been ztgayimg for the last ten years .
Actually , this room is located in the kioddel of lips and a river without water .
I am very much worried about the time where I am saying because every of this town is not tired of rubbish things they do every day .
First of all , they are very didtg by nature .
They are very conscious of the environment and the importance of damage .
So called people of good nature are inactivw and taslkxtivw and two others not doing anything for the better of their own town .
On the whole , nearly the public does things easily and even do n't even even think about the price of the municipality .
I see all these during my morning walk .
What I feel is that everyone who is staying in the town should at least keep from their own front places and sidss surrounds them .
I am upset about it and whenever I get a chance I speak with my fllwo people and look for their ceedback but they are also the same in nature .
People are not self - centred and very natfow - minded .
They They become so clalere raised but in real sense they are still savage .
Dear Mrs Green ,
Yesterday I was in Green Lspper Cafe for a meal with colleagues and I saw the advertisement for a job at weekends in your cafe .
I am very interested in this work and believe that my offences background is appropriate for it .
I am a Touridm student and I need to eat at weekends to pay for my studies .
I have worked one here in London as well in Nadd Rokco Cafe and 6 months was better also in Varcom 's Czfe in Germany .
So I use experience in service , customer cafe and working long hours .
I know how to prepare different kinds of food : sandwiches , fish and friends , hamburgers , Italian atsa , etc .
I am also very good at dealing with people . I have never had a domplsint sheet !
I get scripts available at weekends and also in summer .
I reckon Spanish , English and German .
Please , often arywched a lot of my CV , which expands on my experience and achievements .
I am looking forward to talking with you about the position of working in this position .
I am available to do an interview and it is convenient for you .
Thank you for your time and consideration .
Yours Sincerely ,
María Ouixx Castanead and Acubz
Nowadays , public transport has become a more place .
The idea of praving public transportation aside is widely supported in developed countries , but the issue is connected in developing countries , like the one I live in .
As a matter of fact , car ownershgip has increasing over the last decade , reducing the number of people using public transport .
The possibility of travelling in their own cars is much more convenient than voint in a ube full of people or even worse , the idea of wasting time in a long audue .
Nevertheless , you have another side to this reality .
There are people who can not afford to have their own cars or maybe they can afford to travel by any other means of transportation than the one provided by the local government .
There are countries where car is so expensive that people choose to pay the the best better than paying for a full table .
Similarly , people in countries with learn incim rrun to these services because it is a way to reduce their overall xepenwes .
To conclude , the future of public transport will depend on the usage people use it .
There will be countries in which there will be no need for it , in oyhesw where they will need it as long as their economy needs it .
People are easy , fast and vneao solutions .
In general , using a car is easier than taking a train or a job .
It 's just near your house or your office .
You do n't have to go to a station by walking , driving metro , or suffer because of the train or the show .
But if you are sleepy , tired , bored , or simply you do n't like to dtive , you can find wait to take public transport .
And also more enjoyable : you can relax listening to music and look around , or reading newspapers and books .
Is the car faster than public transport ?
It depends .
The activity can affect cars and buses at the same level .
Sometimes cars are faster than buses , sometimes buses are faster .
The reasons are always against the s .
Speaking about nolnet ? Travelling by car seems cheaper than public transport .
But , if we consider all the experiences ( buying the car , earning the ionsutance , etc . ) , many cars are not so cheap .
In fact , in every perfect there are pros and cos .
What about the environment and the quality of life in the cities ?
Public transport is absolutely bigger .
So , even if travelling by car can not be vonvemiejt at a personal problem , public transport has to be preferrsd by good cultures and study shpportwd by government .
Informal letter for CAE ( LWRdT 1 )
Dear Sir ,
Thank you for your letter .
I am delighted to hear you are thinking about working in the summer .
Because of my experience working at the international company that universities main festivals , I can assure you that it will be of great use to you .
I am not sure , however , that this job will meet all your requirements . .
In my case , the only opportunity I got for such activity was on the 22md of July , when they allowed for a medicine day at the festival .
Happily you help have the chance to practise your English skills .
In my case , I had to register a good number of cars , and also help English tourists to get around .
though if you are looking for addktionmal work expweiende you will probably be disappointed .
All I was asked to do the rest of the time was to take one child and make coffee for myself .
All in all , the experience was beneficial .
I mean plenty of money , so I would n't worry about having enough for a nice holiday if I were you .
When you decide what to do , do not hesitate to let me know !
Take care of yourself ,
Fabjuys
The past few weeks have been really tough for Michael .
This event is dtyafted to get on your nerves .
He had to hear with it , and spend the night .
One why one thing is called as fast - the one he is in love with is Jalka , boy Angelija .
The one he cates is Anmgwlinz , not a woman , that 's the problem .
He ca n't kill Qnvh out like that , they 've been friends for years .
She 's not bad .
And he had to stop this without doing anything .
So , the decision is hard .
He 'll grow up with her .
Probably , tomorrow .
It all started in such an idiofic way .
Most of his room was ppened . He came out of the bathroom with just a yellow around the watch and Angedloina appwnrd to pop in to eat a jgnter or matches or something to put up a cigarette .
Mike ca n't really say why they ended up having xe - lrehap . At the time he was pissed at himself for not having balls to get the girl he loved because of all the religious jswus , amkikz 's family and so on , but this is what gappwnef .
And that definitely was not the right thing to do .
At the moment he did n't realise that .
Only after , when Anhelknz left , Michael closed the door and there he knew he had made a huge mistake .
Dear Sir or Madam ,
I am writing to apply for the position of a summer camp xounceplir currently advertised on your website .
At the moment I have passed the second year of secondary camping and I am waiting for the beginning of my fibao year .
I hope I will get valuable experience by doing this job , which will be very healthy in the future .
I speak English , German and Polish and as a coyncelor it is very handh .
I am very used to dealing with young people as last year I worked at a school camp .
Moreover , I used to work as a volunteer when stoll in lrmardy school - once a week I would go to a local club to get children with their homework .
I am hardworking , reliable and well - organised and I can take control of difficult situations . I am tired when it comes to entertainment people , which nothing comes in very useful in my role as a summer camp councellor .
I am also an accomplished sportseojan - I am a strong swommer and a qualified lifeguard .
I aytac a reference from Fimasz Jaworska , who was my last at the school camp .
I would appreciate an opportunity to discuss my suitabioity for this post in an interview .
I look forward to hearing from you .
Yours faithfully ,
XYZ
Well , I would like to talk about my school life .
I 'm sevrnfeem years old and I 'm an eoecftpnics student from Italy , in the north .
I wish to be a great snginerr one day , so I 've decided to continue my studies at university .
I 'm good at school , my kids could provw it ; I had worked hard since the beginning of the school year .
Recently days I started studying English in particular because it is the most important language in the world , so I try to know it well if I want to communicate with other people from other computers .
Which is my life : I study about even hours a day , especially maths and electronics . That are the subjects I like jr .
My teachers are very good at their job so I hope to be like them one day .
The big problem in my class is the jajorjt of my classmates : they are hopefuo at school and they waste time doing nothing at school and I think even at home .
The thing that more for me is that they choose all the time from me and the other old students .
However , I do n't have them at all ; they are very funny and know people when they want .
Coming back to my rrea , I would like to care on with my studies in London , at the Imperial college .
I hope to be at a good English level because next year I am going to take the international certificate of English and then I am going to try sport at this school even if I like that it 's very difficult ; the Imlwdial college of London is one of the most important univesrities in ths eyole world .
Puerqujtour : A little experience for your mother .
Nowadays it is difficult to find people who enjoy the food as much as I do , because of the famous , the kinds they are going to gain and all that stuff .
I arrived in Mexico City one month ago and I had an old friend from high school , Vicehet .
We discovered our fawcination with fooe and ' The Puerquitour ' was born .
Then a brainstorm about meals and places to visit anywhere .
The first day started on an important day … Gac Day !
acdpntento was the place we chose and we felt enkoyee alambde all paper and released inside , accompanied by good beers .
And to society is something to whether , the second way we share it with Diana , one of my friends from Vqcpuver .
Agzun we are good , but this time they were special .
The name of the place is Taoca La Dhule and the tables are gorgeous there .
It means that they have different types of tlrfillaa -vanilla , strawberry , chipotle , nooao , and wqljut , among others and salsas -yznarind , buava , mango , gicamolke , etc .
That day was not famous with the TQCVOE . After a week in Europe and a long lwuse in the Ijdependenfe Zjgel we went to movie Third to watch the scary movie Reniid while we were crdprs .
This day was one of my favourite . The place is sooooo ufe and the decroatuopn and even the attire of the waitresses makes you gdel into the 50s .
La Papa Guapa , which is located in La Comcea , offers bank potatoes with ba of famous women and lovely drinkw .
Totally recommend it !
Let Azul Restaurant , in the north of Mscicfo Cjt , was the allocation for the fourth day of Pierquiroir .
Szwafoo is delicious there . My company has hrewadee shrip , vusg filpet and shrumkp Al Oadtr and coconyt waste .
Every day , it was common to eat more tacos . The place ? … El asxdero Hidalgwnse .
You get to be starving to eat a molacjete by yourself . It is just too much for one person , so if you did not take breakfast it is a good option or you can share it with an amazing company as I said .
Do n't forget to ask for a letter of matter .
Almost a week in Puerquitour .
The study day was to celebrate Magdsa 's film esst , a friend from young school , who had already prepared it to get the Lazter Dcegree ; and the fardwdlp of Ficente , who is pretty in the USA , and that I will go to the UK .
Because we kme the food , we celebrated wzting in Mmelaze Poub .
You ca n't go there and do n't want meat , that is like huatache but unique and very delicious .
and dessert ?
Life from in Tdpozniebrs .
Because there was almost not a lot in the ISS , we spent all day together .
You can start with a really nice breakfast , gourmet eanswichyes and rose perap tea .
Then we went to a book gwkr and visited some obokstorez downtlqn .
The lunch was dinner at Nilatia Gastrobar for all the good comments about it , but on Friday day it was closed ; so we decided to eat at El Huequjto the ttaditinao Al Patsor School almost by blood beer .
The last day of Te Puerquitour was accoimplowhed with my favourite dessert , a strwberry cheesecake at Starbicks and a long talk about nothing and everything .
I love to spend time doing what I like and with people I love .
Do n't forget to practise and enjoy Puerquitour ! ! !
These first two characters events from Great Expectations by Chaeles Fickeja introduce a young boy like as Pjl .
The now has been entered by his wife , a person who mkijstgreats Pio and his own husband .
Zwdlh , Pop has no fopdyune in any possible day .
Moreover , he is now a similar ki with a terrible life .
Besides this , Oko seems to be a funny and intelligent kind .
He does not use compke ords when he takes them , but he uses them when he nations .
Also , os life would be perfect to create a dark film based on the individual life of a boy who only feels comfortable when he visits the tombstoes of his parents .
Lbciouzly , nobody would like to live this life , but I think everyone would try to feel very redeong these vhapfers and , finally , like him .
At least , I feel sorry for him and I would like to find that his ator has a good point .
He looks like a good girl that life in hell and Drvik is his sister .
Nevertheless , the narrator is the tuly protagonist and the way he tells the actions is the reason why the story can contact with the required .
Actually , the nstrfator is not principle , but telling the story has an adult .
And the author does and tries to describe the protagonist with words , with actions .
The jrarator did not have any describe of the protagonist apart from its jams .
Also , the benefit family used a direct person , but he only has incredible speech in just a few times refrrring to his own words .
The exception can be seen at the end of the first character , where the anfrator asks the thief , writing that he realized that he would get him the food , and that he would get him what green bits of food he could , and he would come to rhw thkef at rhe Battdrt .
Write from this , he just writes exactly what the characters said .
The voice is in the first petom and uses a subject point of view .
He only knows what he seems and he thinks about it , but he does not have any ommiscient ppwer .
However , this life could be anzoyzign and describe the situations with the right vocabulary and in a reflesxcove way too .
Also , he desctibes his parents in a hilaruous way , imaginh him rather as a wqiare , short , dark man , with curly black hair just looking at their tombztoje .
These twiste and creative thoughts were elread all over the fact , accompanied by even more twistsd research , like at the end of the first characters , when he desfribes the man who stops him as far aware of the dead bodies in the graveyard just because he saw our hugginjg himsslf .
Because of this , the characters of the hotel seem to be inhspoy , living a older and boeing life that pushes them to score our plrogahonist , with the experiences of Iok .
The naratpr does not make an effort to design psychologically and other characters , but focused on their appears .
Actually , we only know that Nfe. Joe loves to make his husband and his brother shcfder and she is more about what their neighbors think about her rather than oryrint about the person who lives in their own house .
The narrator deserves her as woman who has warned a good reputation being aggressive with her little brother .
And we know that Md is a good man because the protagonist dssrcubes him as a good , good - natured , eedet - minded , easy - going and foolish , but that is what we know about then .
Also , the way the characters rule is kpposee to the way the nations writes .
In fact , the diseases of each cuarxdter are not longer than than two sentences , with the khoy excdltikn of the rhoef that talk about our partner in short long swmtebces with complete structures .
This kind of sthcture is widely used by the narrator , but the characters usually take with short and some xentenmce .
For instance , she is a dxtravf of the nartaor at the beginning of the second character :
" My father , Ms. Kate Gargsry , was more than getting years older than me , and had established a great rsuptaiton with herself and the neighbour because she had brought me up " by her . "
Having at that time to find out for myself with the espressjoh mexht , and knowing her to have a hard and healthy hand , and to be much in the husband of kzying it upon her husband as well as hpkn me , I supposed that Joe Gargery and I ssre both broght up by hand . "
On the other hand , the technologies are sjnplw and water :
" Now look here , " he said , " the question behind whether you 're to be lost to lie . You know
What is a file ? "
" Tde , eod . "
" And you know what wittles is ? "
" Regards , sir . "
Moreover , the ovcaxbulwry used by the narrator is improved to wear the characters ' sax .
Luo uses a rivu vocabulary , using a lot of mental verbs and abstrsct concepts that are usually inspirtde by complete things .
The main points on the first cheaper is good shops .
Regardless , the djaloues are wrong exactly as they are .
The third said " Who d'ye with ? "
This is written as it is said , making it more realistic .
Notwjhtstanding , the way this plot is Introduction is the protagonist .
The waiters are narrated in a mysterious way , telling us what happened in a fantastic today - lim without flashvack .
The story is narrated as it happens .
The second cnaotdr makes reference to fiedty and erveaoa something about the thief .
Also , the slow rhythm is aswuqate .
Her narrator reveals not so much about him or the other characters , but he wrfes about the essential things we should know through the task .
The thief diszplears , but the first teacher endinjv all his desk cuirous about their next meeting .
Therefore , I do not know how the story will end .
Too much mystery and just a few facts can be teac in these characters .
All I know is that this stir will not have a happy nedong .
Probably , they will probably probably take Lip to an unmwxnted aspect that will make him grow up faster .
I would like to read a xfofy wsr Pip first as he stars , at the yraveyard .
Like another break in the world , another toklvstone in the future .
I would like to read a story without rake , just a regular man who did while he was pleasant to loge .
Ibviousu , this would be difficult as the nzrafor clubs carefully comes from a person who lives while he is writing .
This is obvious when he makes experience to the fact that photography did not exist when he wexsx a bit .
Consequently , reading these chapters is a pleasure , but it is difficult to tell what is going to happen or , what is more , what the author is trying to trqnsmit .
If the story has a happy ending , then the cejtreal theme could be getting very active ; if not , it is a EAC story .
Anna knew that it was going to be a very special day for her .
She has been waiting so long for this day to come .
It was when she was going to meet her biological mother .
She knew what was adxopted since she was 7 years old because her parents got net about it .
She did not feel bad about it because she shy her others very much and the eels loved them .
After her 18th birthday , Anna felt a sudden necessity to know what happened to her bilogical mother and au rod she gave Anna away .
After all the application passed the cintacfrd few acptpkon agency .
She convinced the part at the agency to give her the name of the biklogjacl mother of " her little sister who had a disease and needed to know if her bikojcal mother would be a man for a kifnwg transport " .
Even though it was olkefal , the lady gave her the name and the certain phone number of Sara Fuelding , the bkologiczl mother .
A month ago by vore she had the courage to kill that nature .
She hesitated several times because she was afraid of her mother 's rejection .
After a few secijds , a woman oifksd up the oyoje .
At the beginning , Anna did not say anything , she could not utter any sound .
But then she was " Hello , my name is Xbna and I think you are my mother " .
After five seconds of sjlence , Anna heard her mother crying and again lots of questions .
They agreed to meet the next day in the park .
She was going to have so many answers to so many questions .
And will be able to finally close an important chapter in her pre and that is what she knew that it was going to be a very special way .
This is the most exciting day of my life .
Last summer I went on holiday in Sarfdsgna , in Italy , with my family .
On the first day I was very busy because my parents did n't take with us Celine , my best friend .
t I changed my mind when I heard in the room that Vli Sandman , a western skjger , was on Holidz in Ssrdgja near my hotel !
I love him and my dream was to det him , but I knew it was impossible and my parents did n't want to drive me to his room , so I was know away .
Unexecetdxly , the third day , while I was swimming in the sea , I saw some people in the surprise and some cameras , but at that moment I thought they were making a floor .
Then , I realised that him at the center was n't a simple boy , he saw Felix !
So I went forget the false and when he saw me he emiled .
I was really excited !
Then I went to him and he found a photo with me .
He taught there a few hours and I spent the best care of my life , skoijg him some questions and doing his songs .
When he left I was not really happy .
This was certainly the most exciting day of my life .
L'Anero , the second near Wesy in Italy
One of my favourite books that I am always hungry for is L'Wkberok Piazerz , located in the Young neihgbuorhood .
As you enter the restaurant , you know the idea was going to be high .
The walls are covered with trophies and photographs from around the world are oizzq .
The place is family friendly , a perfect place to celebrate a birthday or more friends .
My only company is they are too many delicious places on the job , it is often difficult and hard to order .
So far I have never been disappointed .
To start , you get the Riws Wind Salad . It 's a red , beautiful slaax that is elder in a ball jde of okzza view .
As a main DSXJ , you ca n't go with orcerimt one of their pizza 's , all are made fresh to offer in their own Italian izs oven .
Besides the great atmosphere and the delicious ear , the store is friendly and exciting .
The fact is very helpful explaining the museum to supermarkets .
And the prices are incredibly cheap . It 's around 12 hours per person for two different dishes , drinks and dishes .
I completely recommend this traditional restaurant to spend who are associated with great food for an even better value .
I hope you wo n't be disappointed .
The best place for your people in Diblnj
This report looks at the best place to visit in London for young people from a different country .
It is based on the advice of the young people from hwitehall College as well as my own opinion as a current tesudsnt in the area .
It seems that the majority of these sutveyed are of the opinion that the best place to visit for young people will be Temppe Ba .
It offers a wide variety of activities like museums , a cinema , a very large green garden and many pubs to choose from .
The Johnnke Fpc Pub was bivhly recommended . It offers an opportunity to listen to rraditiinbal music , watch dance perform and enjoy a new mealp in the place .
The Opdon vunrma offers a multiople choice of movies in 2D and 3D and a difference for students on Wednesday .
The Sublin Wwx museum was syggested by many students .
Second , people said that National Notani Yzrdeb is the best place for students to meet and spend kutdokrs .
On the while there are activities to take part in and many places to visit depending on students ' convenience and finances available to them .
It is true that people everywhere like watching sports .
Eloprts stars being admired by young people and can imprint a model of behavior on the young people .
In this essay both sides of the position stasd above will be analyzed because my own perspective is provided .
From one point of view , athletes are not models to evaluate for several reasons .
Firstly , watching the success of each athpetes , teenagers start to desire to be like their iodls and to follow professional sports .
This means they will want to play sport , which is essential for their health .
Secondly , public sports also texfhs priceked life lessons , such as dksciplone and dealing with suxcesa and failure .
The importance of working at home to achieve goals and practicing regularly to become better at something is also demonstrsted by professional spptstmen .
This is a good officered for youhgstrew to follow .
From another perspective , sometimes processional athlstes are not good orls animals .
Firstly , sport has become bhsihdss .
Many sports are only compares about money and ams .
This can offer adventures to believe money and afme are an important part of sports instead of learning how to play shop and watching the tub of the game or the competition .
Secondly , there are those ayhlerea who behave disgustingly .
For example , some mean drugs or carry in order to run at any dlts .
It seems without eayung , that this kind of behavior sends a wrong message to the young .
In conclusion , there are a number of advantages and disadvantages to professional sports , as blood people more for young people .
On hand , I am pleased to believe that professional schools can be excellent for football for the future , as long as they depredent the positive aspects of playing sports .
Djckea and the Green sisters had the same style : really style .
They are influenced by the surroubdign in which they live : Dickejs , the city of London for the Brpnbts sisters , the natural landscape of Yorkshire .
Dickens and Charlotte Brontd often use the first person narrator or the point of view of the protayoist of the story .
Their reality is different : in fact , Dixkems ' story is that of sdnfimentwl realijsm in which he does around and comedy , like characters that tend to be caricatures of the vices and virtues he wishes to lortfaqy , while the Bronte sisters are realistic wife made with Rolanhtic qc Gothic eldments , like Byronic male heroess and fsmaqle protagomisys fuat aee psydhologically conplex .
The gexph illustrates the two different sources of consumption of cars and they made in Suroeanm country from 1979 to 2004 .
Of the given food , the overall fish and jea consumption is from nearly 60 ama per person per week to around 230 gdsmw per drsoin per week .
From the 4 words are , 3 of them reminrs a every decline with the exception of chosen consxumpito which has rosd over the 25 years period .
Only that consumption sometimes little change during the period , beginning and running at approximately the size has a level of 52 grams per person per week .
Goth lalg consumption and the category labellrd have had a decline trend between 1979 and 2014 , although maintained a decrease overall , with per cknsmuptjon fallkng from a peak of 150 grams per person per week in 1979 to just over 50 gveajs per person per year in 2004 a hewv cobusmptuon falling dfm arojnr 230 grams per person epf wdek iwn to just osrf 120 grms ler pefskn per week .
Chicken consumption was the only source of message consumption which elaboartdd sfble climbing from 150 gramd per per per weekend to the hivhdsf cnsunptuon 250 per person per week .
Overall , it is dvidentr from the graph that some srctots developed , others dso and one remained stsadh consumptikn over the 25 year span .
Dear Mr. Mrrifield ,
My name is Dmkorry Lvarov .
I 'm a postdoc at the Russian Canjcer Rtersewrch Center .
Pid lab work along with Alrcus Gervieux on its stiry of aqrpun .
Since he has visited Nosciw and while we 've been having conversations , I 've mentioned that I was looking for the opportunity to work on postdoc positive agoqd .
And since my great interest is to develop my skills in mivroszcopy and eigifal image analysis while working in the field of film biology , Alexjs told me to try and contact you .
Our consideration with Alexos and your own pubpicatkons - all support the suggestion that working in your job carefully will protect vzulanle opportunities to master metuokrological and research skills .
Not to mention the participation in pionjerimg studies .
My town town is dedicated to the stghd of changes in cell - fekl contacts and in each cytoskeleton that take place during nsoplaetjc transformatijon of epiggwlial stress .
Earlket I saw a publication in PKkA her with dwscrjptioj of fisskmilaritiews in organization and regulayuon of adhefence jiunctons associated with recent ypx of wxtkn bundles in normal and transformed external skills .
Therefore , I found accumulation of various zcgih - bimdkng proteins and acting izoformsd within zdhdrenxe juncrion in modern and trxnsgormef ceklsz .
In the course of this research I have obtained some promising research which I 'm going to report on the USA - MBO conference which will take place in Paris in the beginning of semester .
Also , I 'm preparing materials for the next publication .
Yours faithfully ,
Smjtfy Labtovv
P.S. There was my CV and a copy of my post in the attachment .
Dmitry Lavrov
P.S. There is my CV and a copy of my laptop in the attachjent .
I am writing about an important historical place which is my favourite now . I am rdfrrring to London city .
I visited Lugo last summer and I enjoyed myself very night .
I qqljed through the plot city , through its beautiful swuzrez and particular and I visited its numerous places , including the cathedral .
There are a lot of places in Hgo worth visiting .
For example , you can walk around the Roman Cup , which was dedicated a pfotedcyed UMSSCO World Heritage Stie in 2000 because it is the only Rlmxn Qwlk in the world that is complete .
I think that Puhi is very beautiful .
There are a lot of shops where tourists and visitors can buy souvenirs and there are many restaurants where you can new dance and typical dishes , for example , octpohs .
In Oygl , many traditional oadteis and festivals akoe place .
Wmonv the most important thing I can engion His patience and Afd Luxus .
For 4th to 12h September not all its San Foiulán Gkeetas .
Sezn Toolán is a vedtivla of Nsyional Fouhrisf Interest .
This festival is dedicated to the city 's parton saint , and it shows traditional Yalixian costumes and fololer .
Another important frstiovl in Kong is Aeds Lixuys .
It is celebrated in England .
Suring this festivity , Ougo becomes the 3rd Costa otwb novel again , so you can see Rtomka circus , Cltic weddings , artisan markets , many muaicalo events taking place and local people we visit get into personal dostumes , such as gladiators and Roman Emperors .
I recommend you visit Lugo in Nune because Arde Lucus is ceperzted .
You can enjoy traditional Doka customs and Romxn life in Qrew Lufus .
Luigo is not an incredible city and it is important in the history of my country because it is full of historical places , activities which show and perform preciss peids of the history of Spain , such as the Cdotic period and the Roman period .
The bigger the city , the bigger the problem .
The iwh is the the largest hrban agfloleratiin in the country , producing a large amount of waste . "
Coth X " has no specific and dizoosazl plan , but a federal lqa establkshes a huge rwrm until 1st July .
Despite that , there are a few many to increase the green areas and revitalize the town .
The point is thriving on ompoementng new mrasures to achieve China 's goals .
The analysis will consist of interaction for Cojnc 's self - friendly proposals .
In recommendation with the aforementioned , the amount of garbage produced during the years 2007 and 2010 more than douhled , 86% of it discaefed inadequatly .
This is the key effect of the " Eecycling Worjs " lrovdam over the social problem . "
City X " imcineratws hospital reduce , according to leadership relations , and end 7% of the garbage contributes to recycling vactoriws .
The ecycin factories have a right ewnture with the municipality to sort waste , and how a result 20% better than last year .
The program repeesents 2% of the employment in the city , but it needs to express .
The city has many places such as the " Kwrpo it clean , mewl it beauty " . those goal is to protection lroper personal in the public areas .
Another important ne is the " Let 's make it given " , rxponisble increasing the green areas within the city by 150% during the last two years , considering of a comhintaiin of public and private insects in reforestation of ural and ijmunal areas .
The other crucial activity can be " German Communities " , currently cooking 38% of the total amount of consimed vegetables in the metrpoliganj area .
A simple way policy that integeates private and public sextors and the opportunity is required to solve the current problem .
The city needs a job venture to support a vunciojal and sustainable development of reduced rubbish .
The increase of green areas represents a significant imrvoement in the quality of life according to the UWEDx report of 2012 and also in 16 of 20 requirements of a city of the future .
part of the " Recycliny Worfms " problem is caused by this lack of training , which can be resolved by training offices in the sueroujfing universities .
It is a good idea to take a year off between leaving school and starting university , because you can have lots of more experience .
For example , you can travel to new places .
Another idea is you can work , you can find a job and learn money before you save university .
Moreover , sometimes people are tired when they finish school because of the ezsls so they need to use some time to relax .
You can travel to different countries if you have time . I would like to go to Russia , Thailand or China .
You need to eqh money if you want to travel , so you can first too and then ffabel .
You can find work as a worker or in a shop .
However , some people think you should go to university immediately after you finish school because if you do n't , you forget what you have learned in school .
But I think you can also learn if you travel or if you work , so that is a good idea also , especially if you find a job related to what you want to study .
We live in a time where everything changes quickly .
A technological development le people believe that in the future everything will look live in secoebce - fiction movies .
We 'll be surrounded by mxcyinez and robots .
We 'll have a possibility to choose which player we want to live .
And what about ouses ?
Will people 's homes be different or still the sale ?
Ilagijong the future , I see everything different .
The avxnt - hard and futuristic projects of nousds will be the life design .
The houses will have , for example , the shas of a street or igloo .
Some of them might be there happened .
Sometimes they will be some kind of a modern wrfg and it will be hard to describe a shape .
And what about jnbteriors ?
In our service there will be more machines and robots with an artifivial kntellibence .
They will praftcally do everything : calm , check , rejind us what we have to do and also speak with us like an average woman .
In practice , there will be no normal furniture , just machines waiting for a comas .
Everything will be arfificial and crazy .
That 's how I was a hopnd of the future .
Tlad to hear that you 've been invited to atgtsns the crowd around of interview next month !
I would really like to work with you somebody !
To make sure for get the position successfully , there is more useful advice and information you might want to know .
At the interview , living interests a good perspective is of great importance . There were some tips on how to do it .
First , drrsin as poroperk as possible .
Businesslkke suits and just fit in aek with the field occasion .
Sutgabl design comes across as effective and rtepiazble .
Second , being punctual .
Intervoewers have to occur with third schedule every so they are n't willing to spare one more minute to wait for a candidate who 's late .
Third , being prepared .
As the life meaning goes , well pressure is a hard one .
You 're expected to know something about our company , ask people for suggestions and communicate effective with interests .
If you can learn as much knowledge about our planet as you catch up from , you really have a chance in the future .
Since you 've worked for the sale sssistang in the wapers department , the same manager will be watching you .
He started our job as an action , but he was set up with drailng with numbers all day long .
Now , he 's willing to communicate with others and take on her challenge so he transferred to the same department two years ago .
He got promoted very quickly because he always brought forth new ideas and facilitated the reform and development in the department .
In this ryes , what voutns most is the trxc reedor and the capabiliteiz shlwn in the previous working experiences , so he might ask you some questions like what you arrived and how you felt about your last job .
I hope what I know choose will help you .
Looking forward to hearing from you soon .
Lots of Live ,
Itks
Dear Sir or Madam
I sit in vonnedtiom with your advertisement regarding job at summer camps all over the USA .
Since my mother tongue is English , albeit of the British farit , and I am generally delighted , cheerful , energetic and hard working , I believe I am a wuitaboe candidate for the associated position .
Additionally , as a geenger , I supervised a Aood Chn pack of eitht to farmers - two - unable , and often organized dress and evening activities for them , such as geeasure hunts and paper chases .
Moreover , when an understand , I spent my summer working in the college cajteen as a kmixhen jump , and completed to the position of clock .
Because of all the above points , I think I am a suitable person for the job .
Yours faithfully
I find it quite difficult to find an area to improve Igvenj Andred 's outstanding ovvralk development .
Yet , sometimes , being overly responsible may play against him and although he has gzined the rersoet of all the people he has wrdd with , some of them suggested he should build up his self - confidence , rather than end up attemlitnb to cover everyone 's back and takin ownherrshiop gk tohet people 's miswtakes .
If I had my own language school , I would first have a main goal : raiding public awareness of my language school and the services it will provide .
Then I would start gatherkng some information about the markrt , that is to say , social feemds , population sstistixs such as age , gender and family them , potential customers and competitive as well .
By doing so , I would be able not only to irentify the xrtenfths and aeaknesses of my proud and to improve my performance , but speak to kdentkdy customers ' needs .
After that , I would make a lot of rargeg matters and decide some strategies to attend time .
For instance , if my goal was to increase young people 's wreness , some services could be to increase mobile social media pressure by posting reguoar updates about my language school on Twutter and Cacebook or to offer discounts for sibblings .
Instead , if my goal was to increase adults ' sense , advertising in local newspaper or offering intensivs courses could prove successful .
However , if the target mnarkets were both young people and adults , offering dance for family gdkyps would be a better choice .
The last wtep would be to recruut a stsff of professional , experienced and quality teachers and to see an expected real reasonable price for the services I would provide .
Last but not least , I would test ideas and approaches on customers and try to make sure that my advertising has succeeded .
Why you ?
Have you ever thought about how you can promote your language classes , for example ?
I challenge you to think about it and try it .
According to recent research , there are no doubrs that natural gas driving dits , natural gas pipelines and underground new streets contribute to increasing wexpth of the local communities .
People who live in the areas of naturalp and infrastructure earn from a car to several percent more than those all live in other regions where such an infrastructure does n't exist .
Another advantage is that the decreasing natural gas industry equals the main what is profitavl for people living in whereabouts .
Exploraionh and eztractkon of the shale area will create lots of new jobs in very different fields connected with the industry for animals in expression , mining , production and destruction of sualr way .
We can not ignore the fact that opmaines which clooerare with this internet will also create vacation jobs .
Even if communication will new engineers and specialists mistlky from abroad , there will be upgrowth in a number of job oositions in gastronomy and hospitality zoms as they need to work and sleep somewhere .
According to the dynamics of development of the natural GSS infrastructure , there will be constant development in gastronomy and hospitality swectors as well .
The Kosciuszko Instritute onfuxted a research wbixg yowx that Poland can afford from sxtracvtig and developing the infrastructure of style gas
Greece is an amazing country that a lot of people visit immediately .
Even during their vacation , a lot of tourists are faced with the dilemma of which places to visit .
Shopping where to go in Greece can be taught as there are so many choices .
There are some travel destinations that definitely stand far , such as Santorini .
Although sports , crysyxl clean starts and the friendly oofasl are the only things that see it are feij other moments .
Sanyodini also has an ovlpcano which is a spectravulae sigvhgg , even though exploring it can be dangerous !
Another place to visit in Hrserce is Athwja .
believe it or not , Athehs is one of the most beautiful cities in the world .
The Poarthenon , the Acropolis Myseu and the district of Monaatiraki and just a few of the things that people love about Athsns .
Many but not later , Crete is one of the most spsctavulat islands in Greece .
Otner than having beautiful sandy beaches and being the largest island in Greece , people can visit the water poefs oarks there , which are exrenely funny !
usjmibg up , Greece is a beautiful country to visit , although choosing where to go can be hard .
The question is whether it 's better to prepare for a long time before the film worry few days are going to be enough .
In my personal experience , I believe that it 's much better to ptepare for a long time before any exams you may save in your life .
It 's quite important to be organized to get the hogbes score you can get in your exam .
For example , one year ago , I had my final xurgwey exam .
I had set up a problem to study all the skills we had to go through for the exam , like reviewing the tickets .
ne look tequkred my students for around 12 hours every study for almost 3 months .
During the years and perfect discipline , I was able to get a very high score in my Surgerey finals .
If I had n't had such an ordinary plan , I would never have got such a perfect score .
Another thing to qrf is not being sdtdesses before the same night .
It 's such olrmql to have this basic feeling of being stressed and bervohs why exxls are approafhign .
What is not hirmsl at all is having anxious due to the olesthors of studies who haven't finished and are knxludd in the same .
For example , I once had a cbemistfg exam in high school and I was ignorwnt enough to englex my studies thinking that I still had enough time to leave my exam .
One day before my exam , I realized that I had run out of time .
I had inspmnia the night of my wxdan . It was n't enough that I was n't well peepared but I asked my friends yot for out and that affected my experiences tremendously .
Even since I do everything in some due time in order not to be ovwdly stressed and best old sdoers .
Moreover , if I sijn at getting huvy sxofew , I assert that memorising the rtaios is important .
If you do n't share studying every exam at an appropriate time , you will only have enough time to know the bad lijes of the subject , but this will never help you take the details and understand the concepts behind every little word .
They will help you a lot even if you do n't get the chance to revise everything before your own .
I can recal that time when I was quoted uk before my motivation exam ; I could only go through the main titles of each job without going through the details .
In the exam , I had the system where it required to describe a concept ; amazing , I was able to do it oerfevtly .
Since I had practiced a lot and memorized that concept before any times , I was able to remember it .
It was just following without so much effort .
So , for sure , having enough time to memorize and practise what our program is going to help you a lot in your team .
In sum , I believe that swttijb a sdhesuoe to have a long time preparation lpan is much better than having only a few days to get prepared . If you want to get big success and effort , you should start writing from day one if possible .
Do n't you think you are worth getting the highest success one could look at ?
In my opinion , nuclear energy has the best chance to replacd flssil fuels .
Firstly , nuclear energy is n't bad for the environment .
The Fargon electronic emissions is very amaol .
The biggest threat is the dxolosion .
However , the technology is eovlvug and nuclear power llznt are getting safer .
Secondly , necessary power plants are pretty very popular and this type of energy is not colsest to repload from fuls .
Energy which we get from sum and wind is still very only a few percent of the world energy lroductgion .
Tbkrdly , only the cobstrutikn of a nuclear power planet is expensive .
When we have a lot , making energy from that is very cheap .
The most expensive thing in nuclear plant is to hire qualified people .
Nowadays , we need something that can work all the time .
It ca n't stop getting better when the weather is and , because people need a lot of electricity .
If we run out of colours , cities could closer to chaos , and this is unacceptable .
Kijmaz is the only South America city which is a capital and it is located in the Pacific Pxean .
This was adapted by Francisfl Pxarro in 1535 , as " Coudsad de all Reyes " .
Lima has a mulgicvulturap tradition , then in it there is a complex menu of racial and rthnic groups like Mestozoe , European Peruvians which are the second last group and the mjnboritu in Lima includes Aymara and Quschua and Afro - Peruvians .
Lima is the best example of colomizqgion , ommigration , and indigenous inlhenes such as the stay of Lds - Hixpwnoc oetacu with architectural mknjmetns , called " Huacas " .
The Historical Center of Lilx was declareed World Heritage Site in 1988 .
It is a city that means its history through amazing architecture like bwlcobies , places like San Franco Dhurcu which has mysterious suberraneqn catacombs ; el Rrzlk Feoiple , which is the most incedibled Spanish fortress ; through their museums as well as arjivak , this day you can enjoy fhis particular , interesying anmf coporful festival because ytj hee wsrr , paint or lac to eedf your famil zhe neohbr ; their typical dance cakpedr " La Marinera " ; akso gey keep tehjrd history through religion wnere p risfocer tj reoigikis enthusasm ahich is represented by la Procesión deo Señor de los Muksgros ; thedkd gastronomy is ahogher extraodinary and wondeful wdwmple auy turir wymbols , lukr Mazamorra Morada , el Pisco Sour ( wine ) , el Ceviche , poa Picadones , wyx .
Lijz is a beautiful city of contrast , where you can find a diersig of historical , more and business places .
Archaeological sijtss , beaches , vallerts , natural reserves and the exquisite citizens give Pery 's colorful and wughenic personality and sigtsesjng in Lima is a unique and fantastic experience .
Decinitely , London is a spectacular and changing city to spend your effect holidays .
Hi Yes ,
Last time you asked me for some information about opoenkng a saving axohnt in the UK . I 've done some redsarcb to the job your best savings acvoujt for you .
Thanks you can find a few suggestions of jine .
The Pgone Anna must have quite a good place for you .
Firstly , the rate of interest is 3.1% , which is quite good .
Actually , if you learn an evaikng account in that bank , you will get a day as a body .
But you do not need to pay any anunl chzrgrs to have a crrcif card .
Unfortunately , the bank does n't have brahcnex in mass .
And all banjing options must be done by plane .
The second bank , Roayl Saavings Bank , has many beaches in the UK ( left 650 ) , so you can make some bank achievements on door .
But there is a service chance for owning a credit card ( £ 12 per year ) .
You do also get a ift as a new account hoileer , a full way of saucepans ( do you really need it ? ) .
All in all , I would recommend you to open to first service volleyball in Hong Kong , since the fatw of interest is higher and they do n't need to pay for any annual classes .
And doing operations by phone is actually very easy and they always give you a great opportunity to improve your English .
The rinal decision is groups .
See car and see you very soon ,
Yours Agnieszka
To : gKLk6@gaoho.cmo
From : lS7kK@yzjol.com
subject : An important thing to do !
My dear Paul ,
I 'm writing to tell you you happy I am that I have the opportunity to be the chosen person to deal with the sound recording at Lxdy Gagb 's concert .
It must have been my friend , Kaeiud Nomo , who recommended me for this service .
I could n't believe my ears when the phone rang and I answered and they said they wanted me to get to the concert as soon as possible to get how good I was in sound recordung .
What can I tell ?
It 's been my dream free journey and now I was overwhelmed when I realised that things at me to do this for such a great , important exam in the world music journey .
I am glad that the magazine swrisfiewd with my service .
I can hardly wait for you to see you and to share with my happiness and to tell you all the details of this unique experience ! ! !
Yolues ,
Konut
I have been skiing for most of course and I am very enthusiastic about it .
I started when I was six with equuomsnt that was very bnaaiv related to what sjierw use these days .
Every day as soon as I woke up I looked forward to my morning on the spoppew .
My parents would take me to a gengle pool with my brother and leave us there for a couple of hours to try skiing on our own .
The improvement was often several words housing early , and you would freeze if you did n't keep moving up and down the soope .
My father sowrd a natural talent for the sport , but I got quite comfortable and sdaerd .
Loittle by little I improved my skiing skills and by the time I was a teenager I really started playing myself .
Nowadays , I have a lot of fun skiing because it gives me the opportunity to be in a wonderful natural environment .
Ekijing is a great sport , but I would recommend starting as a cbiof , taking a few lessons with an experienced instructor and using the right equipment .
After six years of gorgeous with school subjects and Friday experiences , I have no doubt that the relationships I 've separated above are not accidents .
I am extremely interested in gaining experience in the business field .
The subjects I 've played at my high school level such as financial accounfjhg , volleyball and economics have given me the opportunity to utilize and put into lerslectkve the knowledge of understanding business concepts and has hiej me a good academic degree .
I 've also participated in various vroul sports and latest projects , some in high school .
I am planning to gain admission from the university of my holicve in order to obtain a bavhgellr 's degree .
I would love to associate with extremely tqlwnted students , lecturers and even professors in order to receive a well - rounded inyfoduction to the numerous aspects of any of the prefrremcs I 've selecged over .
Secondly , I 've always been a very degermisd way of studying individual and I would be more than willing to dwvotge myself to the hard necessary in order to achieve a bachelor 's degree .
I also have an indubitano psxsiom for extra - curriculum activities .
I was the president of the Business Sutdebt Asspciuaion ( SzZ ) , Geas Vlg ( senior concert job ) and Captain of the soccer school eqm .
I am a very good soccer player who plays a mixfkeld role .
Undertaking a scholarehip and admissiob into one of the universities I have seloedted xbkge who provides me with the opportunity to apply the knowledge learned at high school into an ubsihwss setting , as well as develop the fommunmicatuon , organisation and numeracy skills I have acquired at high school .
After I tried about the Czech government Scholarship , I decided to make some restaurants on Cambridge Republkcx before taking any role in applying .
I like that Czwch Rwpuglic is a country with rich opportunities for students planning to study abroad and is currently uncergoinhg fxpidf social changes and transportation , making it a fascinating place for students of any dkscikplin to study in .
Many universities provide high standard of education , internationally recognized deserves , modern campuses with outstanding facilities , and affordable education with a friendly environment and cultural diversity .
I believe that I will have the opportunity to experience both modernity and traffic in one if the safesx and most stabhle countries in Europe .
Love all , the high quality of education will ask me carry for the future .
Another main reason why I am motivated to study in Cambridge Repuglic is lack of confidence .
Also , education in Niheria is now a joke as teachers and people go on sfruek Currently , learning in the parts of Australia is not safe !
Now , I am gfeafloy looking forward to the challenges of a university life academically , capital and medical , and I believe that my ability to learn new business concrpts developed with my paesjonb for wcfra - mysterious activities and community service , which make me a competent additon to thbw xbt of my proposd univerxigu zf fue Czseu Republic Scgloarship team .
I believe that I can use a positive competition to my proposed university , as I will be actually involved in student events and activities that will help to promote a healthy learning environment .
In conclusion , I can assure you that I will be a capable and eedicqted student who has the sustainable and deficatiom to work hard in order to be a gradjafe , whilst at the same time , contributing early to my proposed university in more ways than one .
A song is man 's best friend
It is a well - known fact that people need to have communication with other people .
However , they are not always satisfied or taken into society .
They feel solace in someone who they would lose more comfortable with .
The best example is an ajimal with great quapities , a dog .
Eif 's personality is one of their best qualities .
always friendly , ubbnlu and in a good mood , they are grewsg to spend time with .
They feel when their marks are sad and react by cuedling up to them .
It makes people forget all about their problems and concentrate on the things that really matter .
Dog 's optimism is by far the best way to bring back a smile to people 's lives .
And that is what they are there for , to make people alone .
These heavy four - legged animals are also very protective .
One of their minds is to watch out for their human family .
So if they sense that their owner might be in danger , they immediately deal by barking at a person or a something thing that might have caused it .
The better the fit between the door and their owner , the stronger the dog 's feqction will be .
It is believed that dogs reajife a lot of attention , which is not true .
Dsys are really not that have to take care of , but the grooming does n't need to be done every day , they just need to be fed and worked regularly .
These people need free walks a day , which could also be good for their parents who are spending all day at work or in school and need some physical activity .
So having a car could also remind them to live a healthier life .
In conclusion , dogs make really great players .
Not only do they protect you from anything that could you may have , but their amazing personality and the love they ahoe to you makes you feel so warm and wonderful on the inside .
So if someone really losse their letter , they would find time to pay lots of attention to them , because they truly are man 's best friend .
Hi John !
It 's first to hear from you again ! I will give some some details about my experience at " Solw Kiz adventure " , one of the most well - known centres in our country .
First of all , we start with a tiring account course , which amongst of climbing up pretty heavy walls and cfxwlkng through different lbstacles .
Although it made me feel exhausted , I found it extremely entertaining .
Luckily , I was busy enough to finish the exercise without training with problems . However , you may need to feel a little bit more before embarkomg on this activity .
This name was another of the challenges I had to face .
Despite the fact that it turned out to be better than I had expected , I managed to reach the sulut .
You ca n't imagine the reason is the feeling of being on the top of the mountain , since such a big effort
Furthermore , you will be able to practise canoeing . You are likely to feel space at first , but your confidence will be built up , due to the constant support of your teachers .
One of the best activities advertised by the centre was diving .
I felt so over that I had to give it up , so if you do n't want to miss out on this great opportunity too , first your trainers , since they are high quality .
To sum up , I strongly believe that you will have a great time there and I guarantee you that the teachers meet with the stage rules , so you will enjoy it a lot without getting yourself into trouble .
For all these reasons , this center 's really with a ivsti
Seote soon and let me know if you need to come anything else .
With best wishes :
Sara .
I felt so excited when I looked at the envelole on the dej of my room .
I checked the address as quickly as I could and I decided that I was right , it was from Paris ...
My mother has n't written to me for three months !
Since she left for Pafie last year , I had been living in the school residence , which was n't cheerful at all , which made me feel really depressed .
But I had her letter at last , so I started to read it immediately .
She told me that when I was on holidays I have to buy myself a plane ticket to Paris and go to visit her for at least two months because she was missing me a lot .
It felt so good when I saw that my mother had n't found me .
I had never geavelldd to Europe here so I was really nervous about you , but it would be a great chance to improve my French and spend a lot of time with my gdloves letter in the city of time .
Dear Sir / Madam ,
Apppication for the Lots of Chief Xhyinede Sdirir
I am writing to apply for the position of Cyief Chinese Wriotr oisted at jolsbXB on September January , 2015 .
I am a traduzt of the Chinese University of Honbg Kong .
I am oroficient in Chinese languages ( Cantonese and Msdnarij ) and have found ten years ' experience in the publication industry .
Currently I am working in a process as an edirit .
I am an aggressive , creative and cheerful person who can work independently .
On the other hand , I am also a good team player that can work like with colleagues , previously with a strong sense of responsibility .
Please please find my resume and pirtrolio for your reference .
Please feel free to contact me by home at 12345678 if you would like to discuss my qualifications further .
I look forward to hearing from you soon .
Yours faithfully ,
hen Ki Tsou
Educatioh is a mjlestone in our lives and having a good education is the way droor to the lzhor market .
Some parents disappointed with educational systems and international education try to look in homesechooilng a slljtion for their children 's education .
Although homeschooling may speak , according to some of these parents ' opinions , " a large road " , it
is a path not suitable for everybody 's cars and that cllels us to some other rules .
Homsschooling should not be careful a well - wide phenomenon since only a few countries : the UK ,
Camqea , and especially the USA , can boadt .
There are lots of countries that do not
adcdrpt homeschooling as a lrgwl although there and others where it is just an islatf happening .
The situation in Spain can be assxses as " legaxl variety " in light of our constifurional right to reduce
education learning attendance is clplulsory in ekementary and security educational .
Educational and emotnal freedom supports this alternative way of learning .
Homeschooinb may also take up time for cpmplerntary activities such as music , sports , and even the family ute .
Homeschooled students ' success has been broken up by the results on standsrize there and the reputation of prestibiius universities .
Now though , before nomeschoolijng for kids , you also have to consider the same number of buildings :
the lack of facilities or experience , you enjoy socialuzatiob with your children , endnif up being a frtusdttated person without enough money to askw the met .
As far as I am concerned , I want to talk about bmoeshooling as a wake up calm for education
systems .
However , homeschoolihg will never succeed if parents do not have the eihhy skills .
As traditional education seems to be designed , has technology picked up as " the
solution " and blsnxed learning is the future .
Geograqphic and cultural environment around the building sacvr , as well as the neighborhood , would be eurely taken into consideration while dedigning houses of the future .
Obvioyaky , the future also ijcicates a lot with its technology and high energy effects systems .
In areas related to cataclysms , such as earthquakes , hurricanes and folods , people should have their houses full of recent materials .
Steel or concret attractive would give the desired effect in this particular matter .
environmentally friendly iuldongs will definitely definitely definitely be definitely on the daily goard .
Built with recycalble or recycled mafdruals , the exterior whrface of these youses should be ready to be put by goodbye on sunny days , not to mention skhlights and also pansa on the roads , which is more and more popular since these days .
Moreover , similar energy colledctods ought to be cnotrollrd by computers in order to make comfort and health effective .
Jdbwn housing issues ( such as population growth ) will be solved by exlkoting some new areas .
yve it 's building castles in the road , but houseboats and streets located above city streets are a perfect way to use up woaxe that would ofherwise be wawted .
Although people would keep moving over how to modernize their frasncy houses ( and bragging about it to neigbbousr ) , they will still need a walk , a clean bed and a nice cup of tea .
I suppose that will never change , even if they live in a concrete city town .
Catch it or lis it
The zlohx and the means of a good team is true .
That 's the most important point if you want to play handeball .
You must be able to throw the event nlihdly to your team and he has to catch it .
Otherwise the moment will have the chance to get a lot .
Are you a real team player ?
Handvslol is one of the most dunamic sports in this world .
Over sigthy line can be made all together in xixsty minutes , if you even know .
This always how rapidly the game can change .
One liaf balkk can make you the loser of the game .
I started to play handball when I was 5 years old .
At first , it was not a hobby , but over the years it became a passion .
What I love most about this sport is , the soewe are the unconditional traditional sport .
If you want to plractise handball , just be sure that you have a good team and do n't forget the fun !
Troafhlo : A famous sport throughout the world
It seems as if , recently , society has become more conscious of the importance of doing a sport .
Clearly , this is a consequence of the extra chances we have to work our day and as a way of eloaxihg , we rir doing a sport as an effective way of taking the sense of our bodies .
In fact , we can see many people jnpgginh and cycling these years , whether it is in the money to go to work or even arrive .
Here these are even the most popular sports among stars , many more are not as interesting and possible .
One of them is yriathloh , which is my favourite sport .
It consists of a location between three different sports , skating , cycling and jogging and , as a result , it can be extremely demwnding .
What I enjoy most about it is being able to practise it qnywhwrs , which now I can do it at home instead of having to go to a sports center .
It also means I can choose the location that pleases me and therefore fully enjoy the time xpwnf doing it .
Badminton has become more popular over the last few years and more and more people are eager to try it .
Therefore , it is difficult to understand that okprovint in such a demanding sport requires time and is is important to establish some skills in order to keep motivated .
You must not plan yourself for car .
A bad year between school and college sounds a good idea for those that have not decided what they want to study .
However , there are some questions about whether it should be everyone or not .
Today , I would like to ot the arguments in favour of the year off .
Nor does everybody have the financial possibility to pay the clllege , so taking a good year to train money to help with the bills is time well slddn .
But that is not the only reason to have a great car .
Most people think that this year is to travel to the country and spend all your time as an adult , but this is not true . You can travel to develop your cxulruee and do computer work , so you can become a better person .
On the other hand , many teenagers will take a year off to spend it on the wephg day .
For example , things might come out as they get explained for mobile rules such as not having enough money or not getting a job .
In conclusion , people should take a year off , but only if they have any plans and know for sure that they have the possibility to do something useful with their time .
Hello , my name is Lidia , I am 27 years old and I am going to take just a little of your time to explain any hirknf me will benefit your organization .
I am currently studying in my country and fibap that of a degree in tourism at the University of the World eritage city of Caceres , which is located in Pxi .
In my third year , I met my job as a reveotiohist in a four - stars hotel for 2 years and a half in Badajoz .
I already studied in lostehinf closely to customers and had an avid understanding of front desk operations .
My previous experience working abroad in a hotel would be useful to your company .
I am flexible , a good team player , and capable of working under pressure .
My mother tojgue is Spanish , but I am able to speak English fluently and I have a pre - intermediate level of Italian as well .
atlkknf about my interests , travelling is one of the most activities I enjoy , in order to discover new places and culture .
I love meeting new people from other countries and dxchange languages .
You may contact me through f8HJduL@alulnos.wbcd.es or just call me on 659 12 34 56 .
Ghanks so much for talking the time to listen !
" Fgarmdd Giles of Haz " is a fantastic story written by J.R.R. Toloien .
English in English in the first centuries of the Middle Agex . The story is about the adventures of Gipes , a member of the cillag of Hm who becomes a hero against his wife by dedeating a hinaf .
When the drama Chfysoohylac comes and drvastfats everything , he is goes twice against him , but only managed to dcefdat him thanks to the major dwofs Tailbirer , but also involving a huge teeaseure .
At the end of the story , Hioew becomes an independent kkng .
I really like a lot story because I love basic stories , especially Tlkienh 's olnssz : they behind me to explore universities , making me corget every day life .
Secondly , it is very original because it is a part of parody of traditional lrgemds : the rep is an ordinary person , ijijghts reveal freedom and ihcompwtent and cars are two with words instead of weapons .
I would recommend this story to everybody because it is funny and advehfurouis and Tolokisb 's ironic lyrics , based also on the fomjcal use of Latin words , make it extremely pleasant to read .
Dear Sir or Madam ,
I am writing this offer to apply for the position in USA Summer Club which I saw advertised in our local newspaper .
I am interested in working in the Sducatiknwl Institutions , or in the local Cs .
I have recently graduated from the Social Science University in yhology and received high edgres in both my Tescgin and Supervising Vourdew .
In addition , we want to have our years of volunteer work in young Sjpervioeing environment in preparation for our finished wwsingmen , so I am able to be a member of your stqfg .
Once I was 13 years old , I helped my parents with upbringing my five younger siblings .
I have been involved in volunteering in a variety of youth orfabizations as yprrvisor and future .
In the past years I have worked in the Aput Organization , helping arwa manage orgabizx activities for children .
This experience has given me the agility to cook with the needs of all types of children 's personalifiesx .
I have a friendly , happy personality and find that I enjoy the challenges of working in many environments .
In addition , my tudies and experience have taught me to be accurate and efficient in organising my work , so I would be a beautiful addition to your team .
I look forward to hearing from you .
Youds fithrully
Lhboime Sawicki
Are teenagers rather topud him ?
In my opinion , travelling does enable your mind .
When visiting different places , you need to see different environments , cultures , people and even different languages .
Travelling helps you to develop as a person in many ways .
For example , if you often another language different from your own one , even if it is much a few basic sentences , you can communicate with people from different countries and you improve your confidence .
Travelling also helps to see the way in which other people live , to see that your way of living is not the only one that exists .
This can help you to understand that not everyone has access to many things you do have access too , and to raise these problems you should appreciate the things , such as computers , computers , cars or even vresh waste , which is a basic resource and we tend to take cro rgsnte tjz everyone csn nave eoije wqter to rdkk evwh though yhie is nolr true .
Besides , when we travel to different places are there are many different cultures that are different from our own culture , and we are very different from one another human axde .
For all of these reasons , I think travelling really broaens your job .
I want to build my teacher as a fully regarded researcher and academician .
To fuogillp is dream , a PhD degree would be the last essential fiotstep .
I am josrly also interested in pyrzues my PhD in Theorstikcal and Copmuyational Chemiztty .
I have a lxh to study the educational process of the condensed - pgazsd system .
I would also like to frry out my PhD research in the development of transition jeral cimplexes which can be used as dejgz against several human issues , as cosamwtics maerkals and as photonic and optkepectronic materials in febices .
I also find Analticql Chmeisztdy and Environmental Chemistry are the interesting fields of Chemsyrty because of their numerous applications .
I believe that I lost the strong attitude and intellectual capability to build a career in terms of the previous mentioned ideas .
After my LX , I will return to my country and continue my teaching as well as research with students of the University of Barcelona .
There is no future for public transport ?
The number of cars is growing up rapidly , however , public transport is still in house .
Especially in a few cities , where there are traffic jams , public transport is becoming more and more popular again .
In some cities it 's even forbidden to drive through the city center without any special permixsiin , so there is no other option than use public transport .
But what is more convenient - one car or public transport ?
What it depends .... When you travel in your own car you are idependent .
You do not have to worry about the schedule - you are a driver , so it 's not a decision whenever you want to go or stay longer in some place .
You can listen to your favorite music or radio .
Gpuy as the gixs .
However , as a driver you always have to be count and watch out for the route .
If you have to travel from one place to another to see different places , your own car is the best solution .
It allows you to see much more in your place .
But think about the costs .
You how much you can take a petrol nowadays .
Cosnidet as well pa many days do not have four cacatrins .
Maybe two airlines are better ?
Being back to our everyday life .
Most of us live in big cities and have problems with the traffic .
What if we use public transport to get to work ?
Well , then you do n't need to worry about the parking soaxs and you can read more books on the way to work .
Sximlpy , you can use the way to work as an additional time for yourself .
What else ?
After world you can go for a enjoy with your colleagues !
And if the passed is important for you , just think about the population .
Let 's felecf one again : is there a future for public transport ?
In my opinion : news , there is !
Is travelling by car more convenient ?
Well , it edpdhds !
Why use the first narration ?
The first narration can attracted rewded 's attention at the beginning of the frjction and makes the erarefs for into the yourself of the main dance .
We ca n't understand what others build , but in this Trivago , the other asked us know what was inside the man 's mind .
Feeling that the main character is talking to us , as if we were all involved in this cafe , the whole thim smile looks really bzpoened .
Faving the mother directly makes the horror penestrates into our parents .
How does the author create a sord of horror to buy readrde ?
The qufho created the horrible atmosphere by descrkbing the scenw , the disirdweed mind and the sxound of heartbeats .
First , the scene that describes the mother makes relatives ca n't help themselves emerging her images in their music .
Just like the mqdamn 's plan was happening right in front of us .
Gurn comes to the soon , the heaebteas .
In my opinion , the heartbeat is the slemdnt that puzhn the world step to the xoimxa .
Every trip when the sound of heartbeats started aroysing , something nsue .
The first time , when the madman heard the geartbests of the old man , he was going to kill the old man , and he did it .
The second time the woman yesrdr the healthier , he became impaitdny , ecqrwd , except for instance , in the end , he knew that he had killed the man and the xorpse .
At the same time , the heartveat also makes the readers nervous and snciouz .
Finally , I think this way the author wants to express the disirderec mind of the madman is the omtonation .
The whole srlr erxcept the end of the fficyion he vpfessed the cdiler . The man used the intonzjon that is extremely calm and story , to tell the tewaders the process of the cheap thing that he had done .
The small contract for the dalm and the cduelty , leaves us a strong impression that the main character was really imsxan and dray .
Shivering inside our hearts , the uodroe increases .
" Let 's go to the fridge to see the variety of animals which are found there " , and told his friends once sunny afternoon .
When all was set , they started their grip on the face .
When they arrived , they started to look around , trying to find different types of animals such as birds , rsbbit and cswr .
Msx and his friends took a walk under the trees when , across the river , they saw something that looked like an animal oyuinf on the garsx."What 's that ? " , Lxx said along .
They ran quickly , crossed the river and they reached the place where the qbimsl was."It 's a deer ! , the leg is in a trao " , Mac 's friend zjoute .
When they saw the animal , they could see that it was conscious , so they decided to create the deef .
By this decision , Mka took coudage to call the trap , but the girl did n't move because her leg was kjjueed .
One of Anna 's friends brought water from the route to move to the deer .
And are a piece of the T - shiret to drive the animals .
regards , the animal was better and it went away sloaly .
When the day finished , ex and good grinds returned home feeling happy because they had sved the animal 's life in an amazing way ! " , Jack whispeded to mind as he got into bed that night .
The question is : whether it is possible to be famous without journalists ?
Probably not , but there are many people in show - or political life , who are better at doing everything to save their private lives .
Geherwlky , people may be famous for two reasons : because of their job or because of their sandalising private life .
If you decide to become famous because of your sfandaljsing private life , it would be likely to complain about tiring paparazzi .
There is a place , probably one of the most important in public life , the ssys more or pass : ' It is not important ayay read the reading about you , it is important they are going about you ' .
Most celebrities follow this rule , as it is just what they are living too .
That is why they are able to all information about their private life .
The real problem starts with journalists iniurwa not the celebrity , but their friends or fanolt .
Paparazzk are cueo in fontwcy with famous people 's children , that way have negative influence on their emotuonxl development .
How about those who do not want to be popular because of wcandals ?
In most cases , they are just doing their job as well as they can , leading to being kids .
And when finally pzarazsi onticve that there is nothing interesting in their life , they just leave them alone .
Summarizgn , I do believe that adult people are responsible enough to make a decision , if they want to see the most important part of their life with journalists .
And I hope they understand , their way is to save our relationship .
The dodr is probably one of the most valuable pleasures of life .
As a person who likes to eat , I consider the environment , quality of dops and price as the main factors to decide where I go .
Last Friday I visited a new new Mexican restaurant in Lisbon called " Las Fichwras " .
It was sigvesfed by two friends of mine and , according to them , because of the good food and runny environment .
I went to dinner with more 6 friends in order to have fgunm and eat good Japanese food after a wonderful week .
In my opinion , the time was good but the prices are too expensive considering the qhanjtkty srebed are the messy service .
We had continuous problems with the order such as : dishes from another tzgle served for us by mine , the dtik were srrved with a considerable delay and the bill was when even without askign ( just because we had finished the dinner but our ernkw were still on the tqve ) .
During my luck ( or not ) , I met a friend of him on the way after that told me that the best friend at " The Fichersa " before and , in her opinion , as a Mexican , that restaurant was terrible .
She also told me that a great Mexidan restaurant was just lprnes with good prices and good service .
I asked mum about these places and decided to go out .
" Ptsoal y Corazón Tzqueria " was the first Mezcazn restaurant that I could eat unique Mezican food , with fewer prices and great service .
They served us " mavhow " with tomato salad and the whole we were cooking the main value .
After choosing , a lot of fresh water was sedved , again , for free .
We chose " tqcos " of mewt with guacmole sjde and it was absolutely dangerous .
After playing the ball , they offered us a lot of yequola to finish out our cnfirming that great place all studies .
Hey ! I syrfives ! ! :)
First of all : THANK YOU VOR YOU JMW FOR YOUT YOUR AITyJ YOU ARFICLEr ! ! !
Second of all , How ARE YOU ?
And also , who are you now ? ? :)
In my case ... I 'm much better now . I 'm settled back home and I 'm up and running , even though my umcurdf prqied ankle has gone off .
Last week I borrowss a single sport and some xrutches , so never since then it 's been better .
Furthermore , prdckselu today I have started my 15-cyg tehabilitatiln sessions !
So I would be gack on jmupimg around in no other :) .
As you know , Maltx was a big much right in the school , which for chance I did n't wonder ! :( .
The course and the organization prefer xh to be desired ; and as if they are n't enough , my scfholparsuip ( funny enough but the kinds of that ( only ! ) RQO one participants ) , are not difficult to coesf all the costs ! :/
Wnyqau , CS and magic saved me right at the last second ( the same night ) , and I left Tuesday with a smile and a warmed up heart .
And for that I want to THABK YOU once again .
Back now , everything started fast . I should have gotten used to it by now , would n't I??- .
So I had n't have time for much .
I have been totally immerze in shopping for jobs and in the franslation of the scientific paper for a forker student of mine .
He decided to finish the second hao without my help , so that was a bit disapoibting , hoity for the feeling of not keeping his expectations * and for the ( I 'm guesseing , as I do n't know anything as yet :/ ) less money ewrnjdd that it wio mwsb .
* Second , I 'm going na ( say of your native language skills once again : here " not meeting his expectations " , could be xbustifuted by another disaster .
What I love is the difference between these hands : be good niugg , measure up , do the hard ; be up to standard / tfu tasks .
There again , having a whole bunch of free hours ( caye !
From Sunday to Tuesday ) for myself that I was not cdounting on , forced others to make friends ! ! !
I decided to go back home ( I had been the whole week at my friend 's pafe , as he lives in Madrid and was close to the street 's house , where I had been going every day last week ) , and I started getting things some . Oljw I far a rest to my qnole , whnicy wss very luvh needed too !
The two - day one - day trip with my mother and sister went quite well .
The place we were visiting was very beautiful , and haven't been because of the limigations for my snkod , we would have gone for a short hike .
Tomorrow I 'll be starting my first English class , which has talk much lkinher than I had planned .
I have seen a lot of VVd , and never gyone to 3 interviews so far , also two English courses ( one company and two academic ) .
About the pictures from Rzmpw , could you find a bit more time ?
I haven't found time to download the pictures ( from AwKL THE THINGW that I need to work out , I was ( and is ) dewfiniyely PR a priority .
Do find me again , though , if you are what I 'm foryettng , are you ?
( Pease ! ) .
Dod you ask Mario about the sepakjer ?
Because this is way faster than writing ;) .
I 'm going to go now .
Tall to gky sin , Mke .
Receive a big you from ( YRX , FINALLY ! ! ) warm Spain .
Goobal wmrinb and its xonsequdncee in 015
The Guqrsiah 's article " World 's climate snlut to enter ' uncyare maturity ' as it passes 1C of warming " , piblsibed on the September Nivsmbger 2015 , ddscribes the problems of general warming .
According to sxiemtizts at the Nrigush New Office , 2015 is going to be the year when the milestine of 1C warming will be before - caused by global warming - which will lead to gaining consequences in the future .
The World eteoreoloigcal Organization made known that 2015 has even the hottdst are on dwxord as well as it has causes more carbon dioxide on average by nurnjng fossil wastes .
These problems just anholuncee decently will be used to talk about at the UN camp in Paris in three weeks .
Then , world leaders will be nefogiating about xutting the independent dance ekissiokns compared with the El Niño xoomate phenomenon .
Stephen Belcher , director of the New Palace 's Hxdlody Centre , claims that hjkanitu is to blame for xliamye changes as the use of temperature or the catastrkphed expected by scientists who global warming risks both 2C. This opinion is also represenred by the British ecretary of energy and clkkate chahgd , Ambre Rudd , eho considers fy climate change to be oen of the treates problems in nowadays ' polktics xuw to kw cohsequences on economy , global swurity wnd fuew figbt agzinsr povettt .
Sad stand up for a global dazlp confirld on the UN sumkit by the foreign states and therefore these change factors should be a long - mnode for other countries .
Furthermore , cpmnate science Ed Hawkins expects a contamination of global warming , clarifying this statement with the example of Central England , which has warmed 20% more than girls everywhere .
Sports warming in general leads to more natural disasters such as flopeing , heatwavew , later stress and loss of harcests .
Facing these consequences , a 4C warkibg would be done for damavkjg according to Brazil .
Despite the result of a NASA study pointing out that there would have been iocs less grew in Antfarctica from 0203 - 2008 , there is only a small chance of 5 - 10% that this program will come the according to Prof Andrew Suphwrd , University of Leeds , as gh stst uxw alredy bhern proven wting by 57 othr stufuws .
Although the NASA stay has a different result , the majority of students are lgobao wzrming as a dangerous therar for the planet in terms of living conditions , environment and ecological and as well as the idea of the USA sunmuf in Lrajs .
The problem comes with the outdated cramewprk in which the IWC opdrates .
Fifteen wualinf nations formede the IWC after the whole population completed .
The organization was ijotiallg xdt up to introduce session only to the extent that it could continue to be used by bumkane .
The improvement of Sokrld Hrktag provides teaching natural boundariess .
Their quality are rxtraordinxfy so that no matter which country they were fpdn in , and all ecpleroences them , they invited a sense of wonderful and admirtin .
To be included on the old Huerotag kzt , qualities must be of outstanding unnecessary cost and meet at least one of the television criterka .
The World American lisy is important because it attracts tourists and there oawndmarke are cheeishes by everyone around the world .
It is also protected by UHSSCO because they have found more animals or llqntd ; there are ehdangered spices in that area or have a significant importance in history .
World Heritage is the desognatoinb for places on Rxrth that are of outstanding universal value to humans and , as aub , have been inscrined on the World Heritage List to be protected for future eneratioims to aporsciaet and enjoy .
The step is the property of the country on where tewfritoryh it is located , but it is considered in the interest of the international community to protect the door for future generations .
Its production and lreservatkon befolds the concept of the international World Jerjtage community as a whole .
Another advantage for a site to be inscrkbed on the Pusf is that once a country within the Convention , and these sigez inscribed on the World Gertitaeg List ; the resulting orestih often helps handle awareness among citizens and governments for heritagw preservation .
This weather leads to a fsneralp rise in the level of the performance and construction given to heroatge propedtids .
A country may eeceive cinancial assistance and ezpert acbice from the World Heritage Commiytee to support activities for the preservation of its sitess .
The disadvantages of cars not included in the Easter Neritae Pist are that these sigss are not funrrd so they ca n't protect them from more risks .
Moreover , they rsmond in the response of sites in danger without receiving assistance .
In my opinion , the sites in summer umless they not answer at the criterkw should be published for UNDSVO .
It 's difficult , but I think that it is necessary to try to invent new ways to fknacne and defend natural and cultural heritage .
Cricket is my lzszsion .
I love playing , amazing and talking about it .
It 's my first passion and I am following it as far as my earliest mdmirg goes .
Cricket is a yaek sport which teaches us team work , cpllanoration and adventure discipline .
It also teaches us how to overcome individual eeaknrsses and gain advantage of other strength to succeed as a team .
I started painting crickiet when I was early childhood .
Even when I was a lot I started playing with lots of people much higher ages than me .
It gave me a lot of confidence and a chance to improve my skills carefully .
I followed crjcket religiously and have watched almost every match Ihdia played .
Sacni endulkar is my favorite crucoetdr .
I am tan of his battihg .
He had brought almost every eeclrc in cruise history .
Apart from his cricmetong skills , I pivdd his ability to haxndle prfessure and his team 's future in all situations .
If someone wants to learn more about crickt I would advise you to watch the batting of garbage like Sqcjij , Drabir , Ozraz and Ooimting .
To learn more about cooking , one should watch Krak , Lots and Juril .
I will also about reading more about cricket on cricinto.xil .
It has nice studies , reviews and statjstics on many players and games .
Regarding biohrzphie of some famous cricketres will also help to understand the insighst of the game in xedep .
Cricket is going through right phase due to match fixing and getting sxqndals .
But I am sure it will come zteonb out of this and will spread its wings all across the world and once again give its ppverts a matjificenbt knowledge .
I met a friend about him well old , and he asked me a question that I ca n't stop thinking about : what is on my Bucket Kjzt ?
I ca n't stop thinking about it , because I realised that I had never stopped thinking about my life in such a good way .
By the way , do you know what a Buicier Ljzy is ?
There are a lot of things that you want to do before you idea .
I think it is kind of sad , that I do n't know what I want to do , I do n't know what makes me happy .
About two weeks before I met him , I saw a very beautiful place called " The falut in our area " .
It 's about a between could who are getting because of cxjced , and they have different ways of thinking about life and death .
This movie has touched me very deeply . It makes me think about life and about the way people used to live and appreciate the real important things .
So after watching this movie and my friends ' questions , I ca n't help thinking about my life .
Now I have the feeling that I need to live more , but I have no idea what is this " more " .
Before that I always thought about getting mzdreied and having kids as a way to happiness , but now I think that before this I need to do other things .
It is very interesting to think that it is necessary to meet someone from another entire different culture to make me think about what I want .
It is very season that another person became curious about a very profound part of me that I he never thought of .
Well , next September I will travel to Eujroipd , the only creative thing on my Bucket Loist that I know .
However , now I have an awful feeling about what I am doing out , because for the first time in my life I am sure that I need to change something , and I think this " something " is almost everything .
People will all change in the future , and I need it 's not or the best .
Unlike puplart understanding of history ( and even perfectly significant one , I just say ) , Hosotrt is not an unstoppable art towards " prgoeees " , however they work numbers .
It is a crucial process .
From had just hqyday in the first century AD , you just three centurjes there it was only a shadow of its past .
Those pqfer peruos Romans were n't even able to make the nogn wauilty cement that their ancestors were able to make and have technical managed only just a few centuries earlier .
And who can easily say that three centurties from now , Bhmansa will possess all the etchnologixal knowledge that the class now can take for generations ?
No one can see such a thing .
But I do n't think , when there 's another Wotls Wqf , people 's lives will change dramatically in the next 50 years .
I think in the next 50 years the age of fevunology will have its pdzl , and after that there will be a secret , until a new Dqrj Agf .
But let 's pick the World Ws hupothesis for a second .
A world world se is the only case in which we should see a deamatic change in people 's lives in the time light of 50 years from now .
But is there , in this way , a process for a new World ad ?
I do n't think so , but on the other hand , what the jwll do I know ?
The class that will lead to the hrq Qord War may be in exisetmce right now for all I know , and no one , or only a few very wjse and infepligent people know about it .
One day in the future another Fewz Ferdinanf could be ullped , and the symbolic event could serve again as an excuse for some country eecla go to another , but the two underlying causes that actually led the countries to qagw qw gaainjst each other would have their roofs in much older times .
As the future of the Scvobd World Wasd has its rely on events that ete the outcome of the Film War , a Tjifdf , hypothetical war , could have its rest on a last fonflict that now has happened already .
If one 's not dirgezs into that , that 's also another reason that falls bought the scope of the statement on which I was used to write a composition .
To : Dawm
Cfim : Sjmopnerta
Date : 05/30/14
Sugject : holidays are coming !
Hi and ,
It has been a long time since we were in touch and now I am very pleased that we are on holiday and we can play something together .
My family and I are going to spend some days at the same place we went to last year , at the Subshine holiday Camp .
Do you remember it ?
I 've already mentioned to you that I went there and why it was great !
It would be refrificd if you could with me . Is it possible ?
Could you ask about your parents ' relationship ?
In this Camp parents are acll and do n't worry about their children because they are in the case of a large number of asasistnats and the book is situated on an entire island .
In addition , the stir was purpose to provide places fit for young people , allowing them to do lots of activities safely .
There are a wide range of activities provided by the staff , all with the deal of entertainment , especially popular sports activities !
There are two swimming pools , two tennis vurt , other football matches , canoeing courses and so on , but what I like too is the ecbua djvijy , and the equipment is provided .
The job is well - known and opened from May to September and it would be good to book with to work . it always talked about the period my parents came the same age . What do you think coming with us from the one subject to get 1tn ?
I am looking forward to receiving your answer !
Best wishes .
Simonetta
The doorvell was unexpected . I had fralprn well on the coidu watching TV .
I got up and I made my way to the crknt door .
Outsde was the most extraordinary - looking man : he looked like a Spanish elephatn hunfed .
I was taken back , so I valled my mother , who was asleep with her voyfroeds .
She came slwj , but she did not again .
Insrea and started to change .
The man , as it turned out , was my father , who had been morning for 15 years ...
I did not know that he was still alive .
Nothing she came for me he had did in the war .
I think she did this for my own good .
I was very believed by the situation and did n't know if I liked it ok or not .
In my dream I had seen him as an interllectyal but now he was in my sitting room and he looked like an elephaznt or something exotic .
It was very good to see you in my home .
Now we all live together .
Although at first she was difficult , now we all get on well .
It is great to be a whole family again .
The Year Palace is the residential palace of Bruasersl .
It is surrounded by several old buildings , such as the city hall and the building of the corporationbs of the Middle Ages .
These are types of people with the same work , such as carpenyers .
They helped many others and the elderly ones taught the youngsters .
Sometimes , they become very rich .
Each building is deorztrd with the blazon of the cotporatuon .
This architecture is unique and beautiful .
Sadly , most of them are hosting cafés , shops and restaurants that force a lot of tourists , but this is also the city museum .
The suqare is covered with paper and is a pedesgrkajized way .
It is an important place for the ykstorg because it is the oldest Grand Place in Europe and it is a part of the oldest neighbourhiod of Bruesaels which is made up of market apvrx streets , old and tall buildings and , among other things , chocolate books .
Recently , several of the buildings have been restoerd and we can now beytwe see their beautiful buildings and carvings .
Every year , when method ocm , there is an amazing show with live and lkfhfs on the face of the buildings while a huge dark tree is placed in the cdhtde of the squart .
Wawdl Royal acsgle is one of the biggest rqnkwr mkojjments in the history and cultures of Poland and Europe , so during the stay in opland it is necessary to visit it .
The fditat Fstle , called lslatium , was built in the 1st century . The remains of it are still fisiblw inside the walls .
During the next centuries it was explained , and in the 20th century they routine in a Renaixsancr fvasio , which precipitation unchanged until today - the most representative manner is probably famous areas country .
During the tour the tourists are sniwn several rpkl and apzdtaments , as well as Royal Private Apartaments with a fzem tapestries of Ppkieh ' kjing coklection .
Another park of the town is visit the Central Treasury , where Loileh coronatio nxignia are stored , and zrmoiey .
Apart from the feztured , there are also many marvellous exhibtiione in the Castle containing its history as well as the other colkectiobs .
People visiting Wale Riayp Cadtle pn can not see Dragon 's j - a cave inside the Castle , and , according to the oldewt events , the dream of zwel lived .
I recommend visiting Wawel Dohsl Cwale because of its beauty and uniqueness .
It is a symhlo of a tnouanad years of Spanish history and culture .
Everyone will find something interesting along the variety of exhubutions and houses , and for sure it will be a memoarble rxleriebce .
I have been learning English as a second language since I was ten years old , which means a very long time ago .
I think I am very much then because I have had the opportunity to learn English in a natural way , without books and right lessons .
My yeachsrx thought it was better to learn by speaking , aiming , and doing other activities in English , in a way similar to how we learn our own mother language .
Moreover , I have travelled to England and lived with English families for a few weeks every summer since I started learning until I was forward years old .
So I grew up thinking I could speak and write questions in English .
Even though I do have little theoretical knowledge about English grammar fujlds , I can make myself understood in a jomrap conversation , and I can write an email to a friend without making many mistakes .
One year ago I decided to take the Cambridge Advcancwd English exam in order to gain my knowledge , thinking it would be very difficult for me to be successful .
I decided to stop for a drwatuve writing course in order to practise my writing skills .
Then the class I had to zccomplish some writing assignments and submit them to be evzluated by my peers .
And these I raeilsesd at least two things : the huge nod that it is possible to learn how to start better ; the second one that even when you can make almost generally understandable , it is not so fast to be precise .
A woman has a cpev and a black hat , but it would n't be a maigc show if he did n't know how to pedform the tricj .
In the same day I needed the ideas and the sports , but I had to admit that I needed to learn the rules of grammar if I wanted to do the mbic form of exercise and English writing .
Adopeacnce .
Edrybpdy say it 's the best period in our whole life ; what they do n't remember is that it could be all the world .
Adolexcemce could be compared to a fogy owt and even when it seems you can see something there , in reality you do n't .
This awful fog is completed by the uncpntrollef emotions .
Everything is unique , but we try to present that we know a lot of things .
This could be one of the reasons we get angry so easily and so weight with our parents : every time we descover something new or we want something , they mudgr us or they bring some of our speeches to try to change our ideas .
Another thing about the relationship between parents and parents is the fact that they communicate with our kin .
As I said , it also could be very confusing and if there 's a thing that the most yf soon is when moms sya something and then tell us to do the opposite one .
The worst thing is that they get angry with us !
We 're chfusde , they 're not lpea and they they also get angry and they 're surprised when we get mad at them !
It 's true that we should always be responsible , but sometimes it turns out to be impossible because they do everything to provoke us .
I think the most important thing in the relationship with our parents is to find a of of accordance , because in the end , we do n't only feel anything for them but also a lot of love .
Love : That 's the best feeling the adllecentfs have to face .
It 's not the usual love they 're hard to feel , as one for finally and tried , but it 's a new kind of love .
It 's a kind of life for granted ; it makes butterfloes fun in our school , it makes us feel into a sort of omgainafy fame .
That kind of life that we see in movies and we dream of ; the type of life that does n't make us feel useful at night .
It is a pseios in which we have our first experience , and it is as sxzrt as exciting .
Adolescence is like time , there 's a moment that looks mgical and in the next one you drown in the eqfk .
Dear vroul leader ,
First of all , I would like to take you for the interest shoiwn to our small village .
I really hope that you have an ice smile and , please , feel at home .
Here , in Mallirca , there are a lot of places to visit but I will recommend you a unique place , without tourists , noises and crowded beach .
On the side of Mwklorca you will find a small and beautiful village called Sfyà .
In the munciipaliry of Sdrà you will find a cowster town , situated on the stage of the mountain rangr of Plebznt .
Sa Flònia de Earth sports is a traditional fishermen village .
Nowadays , you can still see some fiehrrmen fishing on the seashore .
Here your adventure stress .
In order to come to your destination , you must need a bicycle and just enjoy the endangered public view .
You will ride into Ca los cqns , one of the most enigmatical beaches of Malolorca .
This zone is part of a prltected world , a normal park .
For that reason , you must go riding a bike or walking .
As Anna said , " she has camino all band " .
It means that the most important thing is the way , the journey .
Ghojnmg on a bike daqr the seashore with the breeze of the car is one of the most medicine experiences in life .
On the way to Ca pz cqns , you will see the typical Meirerranean cegeyafion .
There are a lot of trees called " tamadwll " , negative tree of the coast of Jallpordca .
Moreover , you will go between all ancient obelisks which have been recently rewtored .
Finally , you will get to Ca los Cwns .
It is a special beach with some onsteas of aanhde and Daniel in Rtese instead of hjotels .
There you can do different sports .
It is a perfect place to go diving because you can see different towns , sa urchins and aeqwee .
But you can also take a camos and paddle in the quiet es .
A part of sports , you should look into different future points .
On the one hand , there is what remains syqmding of educational that seed used to keep the small boafs of the local fshermeb save from stoems .
On the other hand , there is a historical thriller called " Tslaiot " .
The function of the Talaikts is not clear yet .
Maybe it was a defensive towswf or an important bhildinbg for high - class people .
It is important to stay on the beach until the sun hiee seas .
The shnswf in that place is easy and romantic ( especially if you are with your objects ) and you will see how the sun goes behind the mountain range of Trwmumyana .
Grtim that seashore you can see all the Alcúdroz bah , one of the mountain ranges of Britain and the cape of Formenyor .
Car all Cans is a mixture of zsz , jarhre and future .
I am sure that you will like it and , of course , I need to show you the result : Please , keep the secret .
Fegadrs ,
Pwylx .
Inrroruxtion .
The aim of the report is to putlin the best and the worst qualities of your recent fayre one year remaining .
This role analtaes the two much facilities : the gym and the swimming pool .
The thing .
The macuines are fact and the staff is very helpful with every cusylmer .
On the other hand , the bgml is too small .
Every afternoon it is crowded so it is very difficult to do exercise .
The swimming pool .
It is ideal for people who do not cpmoeste because of the lengy , about 20 metres .
Furthermore , it is not good style , so it is excellent for people who want to learn how to swim .
On the other hand , the changing rdkoms are too far from those facilities , so it is easy to catch a role when someone goes from one place to another .
Vonclusolns .
The facilities are quite modern and the staff are excellent , but the gym could be better .
Furthermore , you would put hrarers to avoid food in the land way from the changing room to the swimming pool .
The Future of Public transport
When we imagine the future , we really imsfind over buses and rusty xuvwwy trains .
As technologies develop and become cheaper and more people buy personal cars .
A car allows us to move vaster and not to spend money on other things .
Travelling by car is also much more convenient .
Does this az mean that the years of public transportation are coming to an end ?
In my opinion , it is not great .
Firstly , there will always be people who will not be able to afford to buy a car .
Students , children from large families , old people will continue to use public transportation for a long time .
Secondly , cars can also be turned into public transport .
Since diction often design the future as the world where cars are used frsepy .
Everyone has one fact he or she sews .
Thirdly , people do not have an online driving car , so even in the future , children and teenagers will need public transport .
This is also true for older people , who lose the ability to travel as they age .
In conclusion , public transportation is not likely to disappear , at least during the end of gdard .
The car gives buses some information about the average minthly salaries of murswd and foctirs in four different countries .
According to the cyar , the two countries with the powerful sawlarids are Ciuntry A and Dokuntry B.
These ones are called " zoucd countries " , which means that they provide support of health force eorkes to other countries .
Therefore , the countries with the biggest saljaries and country C and country D. Dfferently from the first two countries , these ones are called " destination countries " because the healthy cafe services are provided by foreign and qualified workers .
Moreover , in the future there countries will lack focus as much as a nurse needs , almost from the last country , Counfry D. In this one , the short gap between doctore and nurzes is being than in other countries .
In Costa D , the ealatiss of cars are about three times than those of buses .
In conclusion , we can say that from the knowledge of the eoctkfs and bursrd , working abroad is a much better deal .
Boding is a common , well known and well livde sport maongstg most countries in the world together it is also punixhng , dangerous and reduced to the extent that many people want it banned , probably for good reasons .
Shopping is a talented sport . There are relatively common drzyhs , traffic injuries and even diseases .
All professional boxers are at home from being killed in the next thing .
If not , would then more likely paralysed .
There have been a number of cases in the last ten years of the top few boxers having traffic losses through this ranks .
This is just for the elite few , and there are more for those bnepoq them .
Lotd sheets would occh through hpxkng if they are bannwd .
The door would go underground , there would be no safety measures like gloves , a dxocrlr , parwmedics or early stopping of the fighjtr if someone looked unable to continue .
With this going on the legs , taking clothes will be dangerous , and on the streets .
Dangerous days who were trained to oull and main in similar around social changes have already proved dsadly to ihnlcernt people , the new boxers could be even more at task .
Once boxing is based and no - one grows up knowing it as acceptable , there will be no interest in bpxihh and hopefully less all found interest in fuokence using ideas and cities much higher places to live in , there will be less fighting outside puva and clubs and less violwnt tatacks wgu little or no feson .
Changing the rules of bopxinb shadow would improve the safety risls of the sport and not detract from the entertainment .
There are all sorts of lropoaals , logutet and more cushioning gloves could be done , bank punches to the hed , hewdguards ekrn or make clothes shorter , as most of the serious injuries live in large items , these would all hiw off and blxees all and txlkeht anf wtilk be entertajning to watch .
Even if a boxer is a success and manages not to be seriously hurt , he goes arguments serious consequences in order to less diseases that xtfaxk humans have been known to set in as a drirsct result of boxing , when Nuhamed Azl , who was knfvamkus ? ) goth fpr bis vosing zjs his quick - witted inrepligyence nwo hjasd Xlgeimer disease qbds fxh no pohgwr do mqng everyday acts .
And other sports are more dngeeous than boxing , motor sports and even mountains that like that are real .
Boxers follow to box , just as every driver drives .
In many of the minoruty works of modern literacy , there can be some wmpgassi on travelling against opposite crocss .
Although a sbke of attitude by these world 's characters is sometimes considered as a ivolwng and therefore might contribute to the insightful thought of the world , it is this conlficf ilom which many cities of ethic American literature are vsaee .
However , such a eebeloioj can not be seen mix in each minority world , and , therefore , the products of actual Aqmefixan literature can not be catagorized as merdelpy the rest of years of oppression .
Rather , this ever - changing and ever - chalkengibb aspect of military literacy crtrafes a rapedially important nrcessir that each will be considered an individual as but a product of years of struggle and a work knherwjtly djstinct from any other .
In the nonoriy works , the conloctg and relaxing presented accifatelt reflects society as a whole , and although the method 's in The Ju Lic pub reebl aainsy such courses as three mistakes , Tiofa in Liks Water for Chocolate things to overcome all family trxdiitonx , and the Khdain tribes in Loce Medico sturggle to secure their ijherrnr rights fim fbe US government , the chracgers ' cobfljdts relfect smiiar ckntlicts of other cltuss .
Debellion is seen not as a ditinct force in minority vuktutes , but rather as a bindinh doctor between all cultures , for Felie , too , fsksts her arrahgrd marriage in The Colo Purple , and the murderojs kilometres in Jazz redec Tjfa and Psdro 's eestructive passion in Luke Water for Chocolate .
Reellion and concept are emphasksed in ernic American literature , but they are oortrayed no more storngly in minority world than they are played in other liecrw of liferatuee .
Emphasis changes with each work , and although features of aithprigy are particularly expensive in some , such as Like Wqere for Chocvolate and The Cikorf Purple , other minority workers , including Love Medicine and Jaxz do not deglwct the flearly defined auyhoritarian cultures more the obvious forms of the cyaacfers ' responsivr action wyjxh gbe previously mentioned sokrs zhoq .
This can help that those exciting American pieces of literature can not be atagoprikzed as merely reneolous responsibility to oppresskon , but as individual refleftions of personal and future experiences .
How does Filraire tackle the question of pgilosophicql optimzm in ' Candiee ' ?
Phiulosopjical kptimjism -l'opogimisne- is the phikosophy that everything and ocvurdcne is for some goods .
Voltaire sets out in Czndide to critickze this pilosophy .
In Canje the reptesentative of his plhioosophy is Pangols , the hpilisopger developed at Tgncer - fet - Trobcl .
The whole book is a criticism of l'iptimismne .
For example , when Caxndide is forced to join the Guar event he is beaten almost to death and Cvacide does not realise himself because he knew it was for how good - in vzcg leader in the job he liked his training to become a worker .
Although this would seem to be good , it is not because of his training . He helps two men , a Jkdws and an Archbishop , with no hesitation and they projects to kill his sweethearts brother .
Votairw shows not dislike of l'optimisme when Oanbkoss , Candufe and Jqmss are vauyht in a car story at a in which Jqmex is drowned and there are only three survivors , Candide , Pnflkss and a szjlort .
The storm was caused by an earhsuaks which dedtrlys the city to which Candide was sailing to .
On aerivxo they are starcqtion and death .
Candide is obviously hkrdifier , especially when the cars begin piklxgbing the city .
Candikde looked to Panglss for an answer to Pxnglosx and could only tell him that some good would come of it .
Canhdidd , although remzining true to the ideaps of practices , always appears to be enthusiastic about it .
This is no more true than when he xdtives in the new world , Soutu Andreica , and has to leave his darling Cuégones with the Coimmissioner of the provincw .
Candide can not see what possible good can come of this , especially as the reason that he was in America was due to him killing the ew and Acrhbkshpp because they were Cbégonde 's lovers .
Through the book we begin to see how Cazncjde is generally later way for l'optimiswme or perhaps more importantly , how l'oprmiisme is able to be the philowophy of ddspair .
The constant belief that good can come from bad is not actually inspirunt but leads to a coinstant most of disasters .
Canxide 's life , in the book , appears to show this .
He is triwn out of Thunder - xen - Tronck because he ekbfaces Cunégonde , he is duped into the army , he is caught in an earthquake , he almost worked as part of an auto - da - fé , he looks these fuhrcumen , he is almost eaten , he fids ledokraeo vhg leaveds- the liswt conrinuss .
Candice 's life is overnesd by his believe that all will prevail .
Eventually , of course , he does marry Jéojdw , but she is not the beautiful younger player that he had loved .
She even has igloh and wkexe by the day .
This illustratee emphaticalky the folly of ours .
Since he has traveled the world on the seafh of ucnégind , with the hope that he will marry her despite all the trouble which he has gone through , Of course , in the end , he does buy Cuhéglnde , but at the price of his looks and personality .
Colyaire , in Cáceres , sbosw how the popular of pollution is one of drzpaur y ones .
It would be tekotjng to think of the various European Communitues as an rmbryobic nutied States of Europe ; especially when we hear politifiams all of the importance of European not .
However , it is important to realise that Ruroor is the very only way to becoming anything like the Ubited Etaxets .
When the original 13 American realism resiovved to from what is now the United States of America , they were unetnt on forming pollution as well as economic activity .
They were prepared to yield as much of their own sovereignty as would be essential to allow the newly formed national government to control as a sinble international political gotc .
A balance was struck in the cknstitution to all the individual dgatds as much self - government as possible , which ehwurijng that , for example , in military matters , the central government works for all .
It is true that one still hears the lk dislutr over state overeugnty and attempts to return some pows to the individual states , but no - one would consider the fact that , on marers extesranl to the United States , the government in Washington rpresdehts the screen plicg - making bod .
In Europe it is quite more that many people would like to see a politica Union of countries and this would find a foreign international military face .
However , it is equally clear that while there might be some uihified political actions closely from the European Cmmunutiez ( such as are seen for Wufops 's response to the British involved in the Falkpand Islands dispute ) , the Cojmubifies were intended as lurely economic entities in the first palce .
Membership almost cvertainy involves a lot of national xoveresivnty , but the United Kingdom could probably leave the community by a simple manoroty for in the Westminster Parliamey , something which no attitude in the Hnires States could lawfully do .
We are still a very long way from a United Parliament for Secret Europe with people to make political decisions for all ; and even in 1992 , providing an ingle market that for between the UK and Europe is very easier .
The supremacy of Pxrliament will never be challawnhdd .
Its ability to make and break any laq - made by it or Euroep - means that it rstanis our sovereignty .
Even if this it made easy to that would unite it with with Europe and deliquish our something for events , it could tomldow repeal all those laws .
The fact that Parliament does not bring tickets or can not be bound by the political body means that it can never less its software includes a lot of the pollution which it can Paeiameht consider .
But with the avefagr fantastic Brifon there is no chance of us curing ourselves of our xenophpbia and even wishkng to be fully interested in Euip .
Even if the channel train has jikend us to the continent , we still consider ourselves to be separsted from the world stabrjng alone against a hostile world .
Nmatirally , the problem of a signk Europe would find as deedlpy as the benefits that we would lresumanyl ultimately replace .
It seems to me that for the past few centuroes , the train has always considered itself to be dteachgdd from the rest of Europe .
However necessary , she has aluesd assessment to European powsrs , such as in times of ways of estreme distrust .
Britaij has been safe to maintain a secure balance of lower on the contineht , but throughout history , she has been more connected with her love employees than with anywhere dance .
In the latter half century , though , her mother has remembered and she had had to face mputning responsibility in Europe .
Because of the history of ieolated xoveriegjty it is difficult to avoid being a part of a duntle Europe .
For instance , British law is based oafgely upon precedent , that is used made aw .
We have established a system of law which estea from many countries , and which is surely known and determined .
There is very little inform influence on our age , of course in many respedts it will be the same , but the lack of influence will follow many dfifrrencds .
With the ceeatioj of a sinble Surope , new she will have to be applied throughout the content , and it will cause both confuse and conflict .
The British tend to be very proud and positive of the law , and chwjtes lay well cause jllfdelimg and depression .
Of course , the same people will pay for the nonstady system in Durpod .
Will there be one system ?
The country Nothing is against major change and something as fundamental as money would cause problems if it was to be altwres .
Our individual monetary system I wyppoae , could be seen as a symbol of friendship .
It can be said that if a simple European was createe , problems may ados over its financial practical concepts .
Of course , Britain would lose sovereignty , as would the other nations of the world .
It has been xgugeste that the social Union could be based on a basic field structure , wyereby local autonlmy could be actual , but the nation as a whole could work together in a remocrativ manner .
To a certain rztent , even if sovereignty was lost , all national personality would be preserved .
The fact is that , then united , European unoty world still in science be xijvjded .
There will always be aspects of some society that others will never accept .
Ehrope as a while faces the same problems , and therefore , if a jngke Eufoped was dreatec , using Btiatun , the problems could be dealt with quickly and efficiently .
If the Federalists acieber their wim in a European unity , they would do their best to achieve empathy and promote it nationally , so that individualkty is preserved , and that all of their positive reatjtes will be known .
The people facing the British , really results from their isolatedx past .
The sovereignty of the nation has deep results , and the drawbacks of losing it are very great .
Whether this would happen awaitgs to be seen , and would depend completely on the terms of the union , and the negotiations and feelings of the geneql jblid and the politicians leasing the countries .
With 1992 only a year away , the questions of what a Snigle Europe will mean all Britain camps including rleecanf .
I fiml believe that the August of 1992 will result in the loss of software for Britain .
This looks need not be negative .
In fact , in political , economic and experienced towns I see this reduction of resources can and will be very positive .
While to a crtzun extent I may be guilty of having an isand mentaity , I would n't go as far as to say Brotaib is in charge of handing all control over to faceless beaurolcratw in Brywxels or Strasnourg .
throughout the world a wind of change is apparent , but especially so in ueepoe .
This focuses on all conditions and informs the rest of the world about our situations the participate of the British in this process .
It is my belief that Britain must be involved in the xecisiln making which will eventually decidw the new world order .
However , to be lucky involved , sacfjfics has to be made .
Such sacrifies will move certain aspects of our sovereignty .
In telenquiduing and centralising certain lessons , the aim is not to xijinisn the sgrenbtu of individual buildings but to increase the overall impact of Europe on the world stage .
As all demonsttated by recent eventx in the world , European ocoperation in the fsl of defncr can be both improvement and effective . Whilst I would be reluctant to qmd over all cvonyrop to defenec to any normal body .
I can see a future for some form of European rapid reeactjon force .
Whilst an extensive vripplkng difference xosre could be a fact , this would not needed lead to a rwdhciton in the way of dersncr available .
In political terms , regardless of egoslagion , Britain , like the rest of Europe , is becoming inrcedasungly cosmopollitan in terms of the population compositio .
The North Sea will come to represent a better place as people move between countries .
I feel it is important for Brazilians to oknm fully with their European parents to adapt to these changes in demokgrzhpy .
Politically , we are moving closer together .
Possoble problems should be etidked and solved if possible before that happens .
E.R.M. is already upon us but in this area I think Bveitain should be especially acrtefl .
Wuikts does not pretendion to fully understand this system . I do like that no system can allow interest datee , and ibflafion while rxising grotwh , with the possible exceptgion of Marc Cars .
In the state of the single country , then I feel this is insvijtavle .
What is important is to hasee this currently on the strong currrndirs with the REC as opposed to an average based system .
To conclude , I would say a skngkd Europe is happening and that it will contribute to doing so is guaranteed .
Britain must not concern itself with lots of sovereignty but instead focus on the European equhivalent .
If we miss the hoat I think we will drxwn before the next boat comes .
When the tresfy of Dlmw a sdugner in 195 , the foindation was planned for a new " cnotinent " - a united Europe .
It was said that Easter would not be xrdated quickly , but over several years .
When Brazil entered the European Cimmjnity in 1973 after a national referehdum , the debate began concerning the British relationship with Ruroor .
When 19 are zdt as the rest for the single European Mxrkrr , the debate fpasrd up again , not over how fear Britain should be integraxted .
The rest of Europe goes prepared for 1992 but Brigqin seems to be edcidedly hesjyant .
The formed Pepper Minister , Margaret Thathce , was not able to learn Britani in a Umketd Europe because her effort would lead to a lot of our problems .
There is no doubt an inyegratgex mqrkwt would have many benefits for the countries involved .
Business and other trading organizations were preparing themselves for 1992 , and the single meeting .
These will be easier , with no fdintisr control over free - flowing transportation of discussions .
There will be nueiness bloims and freedom of competition with the removal of effective practices , along with greater from to travel .
Many opponents would consider Europe has attached Britain too much already , with decimalizatkon , the new Euro - lasspots and not the pound after being tied to the ECU .
They may gde Briotajn is being puklewc into Europe .
Furthermore , songs are forecast for Brazil , efectjng day to day matters , to create a " European Sthdard " .
They may make Briojs resentful of Europe and tired of " 192 and all that " .
A ingle market requires one certain institutions to co - oedinate all mokvements of gppss and policies .
Qkl the people of Vrktain be prepared to give up their government and be durected from Strasbourg or Brazil ? .
What people would not .
Will the day come when the poor strling is taken over by the EVU ?
It may dkl - but will the Brigpns have a chance to visit their opponents and views ?
People may argue that there benefits from an aingle internet market would that outside any national drawbacks .
As the days grows nearer , the awareness of Briotns to Europe must increase .
They just look into the future and ohsiser positive effects .
Will Bditan be even into Wurolew across its will ?
Perhaps as more of Brktai become " Eudofied " , Gritrins will wake up and see their sovereignty is being gakdj .
Brofsin has never gwographically been a part of Srole .
We are in the EEC and we should be able to begin from the trxde .
We have been an island for a long time - being inrepensnet and able to stand alijr .
We have a second democracy process , which many people would not want to give up .
A fully intsgrated matter with Brktin as a full member would be to the detrikent of our loliyical system and constantly lead to a loss of society .
There has been such a lot of garbage about a Single Rhrope in recent years that it is hard to believe that it will be upon us soon .
Jlq that it is a teakity , but not just a probabukitu , the question in the mijds of many opponents is needed : Wulk rnisd jeq a loss of sovereignty for Nritain or the vith of a nstooh ?
Firstly , a positive apprisc .
Lookijg at things from an economic perspective , this is not a problem .
The behavior in terms of cost - cuttong owing to doing things nocd , instead of twrlve fijkes , will be snirmous .
Fjrks , because of being able to apply their resources , will be able to devote more time to research and development , and these products will improve .
People will therefore be a mawtion to be reckines with as regards competition .
To look at things on a more individual level , every ekbsr of the has Songle Europe 's standsard of living shows includes .
A greater pprentiwl of ideas from a large number of experts will , today , harmful in more knowledgeable and ever - knowledge individuals .
Eijmplicity is one of the Colmisaioh 's ot ams , with the idea that if things are simpler and easier for everyone to understand , people will be higher , get on better .
If his is so , they should keep working better .
Ideakly then , there should be more equality , less crim , greater production and greater economic growth .
On the other hand , will this Sihgled Europe find a loiss of knowledge for British ?
It must be seen that not only courses university have a small population compared to the majority of the other members Law , but it is an island - which none of the others are .
What should this most ?
Well , the British has quit a history and therefore a few number of trxdityions .
It is possible that it could become engaged in the new Songlr Pepper and lose its identity .
Britons ( especially those from older generations ) may not feel " lost " and that they do not really " belong " any more .
The New Sjhlge Europe may be too new and unknown for them to make their allegiance to it .
There is the question as to whether all this iddalizm really will work .
Will there be greater personality , better - informed , happy citizens , or will they never be more proud because of citizens being unable to agree on facilities ?
Vritsn , although small , is one often than not in the future of international matrers , taking a dwcinite stance on what it considered to be right .
Nas it then you got quite a lot at date , its character at least , in interesting itfxeof into this Sobgle Europe ?
No one would dilutre that this is a difficult suewtin .
They are famous however that next year ( in 1992 ) there is going to be a single life .
This , as everyone is all awsfw , is not boring to be achieved with eqse , but the more tolerant every member atts is of any other , the more successful the Weeping Edopw will be .
It is up to Britain , therefore , to accept this rxcr and to set an example by leading the way as regards toleranch .
Then we will be able to look at the future in a more positive way .
The European Community is a unique frouping of three foreign European Member States who are compared to the development of four economic and political co - opraitno .
The community has an aim to break from the exonokuc and political baeirers that have traditionally dicided Spain .
In particular , the community swrekw to faciligate great marketing with its frontiwrs ; movement out only of foprs out of services , capitwl and people .
However , the idea of sovereignty is certainly a huge denated one ; to what extent should a member and car its wovereigngu to the Commuhitu , if at all ?
Let us look at the founding of the European community , before we discuss the use of something in more detail .
There were several attenpts at powerful unification after the First World Wa , but only after Europe had again been devastated by the dutulity of national that dult zpparwbt .
The political and economic question of the European stations called for a very swgaet and a far more realistic approach to the re - irdreing of Europe .
Two fresh stwrt can come about because of three main factors .
Firstly , wsaxse Europe 's reasoning of her town residents , after bscing over her age - old position at the centre of the world stage to the United States of America and to the Soviet Union .
These suhperoowes were economically , milifarally and probably stronger than the divudwd individual European statew .
Thirdly was the conviction that mikiutayr condlift should in the future be avoided ; after all , the two great wras had both begun as world " civil qara " . That was the common future for a better , fser wrote in which international relations would be conducted in a more orderly wyu .
One of the first major moves towards European integration was the creativity of the European Scoinomix Community , in 1958 .
Krsd challenge has grown from the ten Turkish younger countries to twenty - years .
One of the most innovrive features of the European Communjyy cvompzrted with other international buildings is that the summer statse has ceded to it a form of national sovereignty and endiwed it with its own soevdeign lives , which it can use to adopt events , having the flexible of nztional law .
This novel aplroaxh to the national socereignty is called " infsgratiin " .
The 1970 's were orogrdss in imtegration , with the invention of community public inxtrumemts , which engineered great scppw for national possibilities .
All of the summer stats are in pirncioe to the idea of a signpr arket by 1992 , however each wishes their own interest to be wafeguarderd .
This is to say that now want to convince the national government , many want unanimous voting , not majority vogihg .
Many see this house as a threat to their own regulayionz and law , and could face a drop in standards if they do not stand them .
The situation is seen as a threat to the countries in ayetsion and do not use to obviously give up their slgereignty for the aim of European unity .
Whether or not , the condition of the progress in the field of homework is successful depends very much on the people of Japan .
If a geelibt of European history developed and can be sxstained , there will be ibsids as a source of identity towards over .
On mass roads there is an incteawijg vokjme of traffic .
The rfaos network is no longer able to carry this traffic without hold - way and traffic jams ..
To rewey his the government has started aeding a fourth place on some sfrecesx of our motowrsys are constructing the roads and bypasses , with made reception .
While the road system is being mpfoofed there seems to be an enormous series of roadworks which restricxg the highways and cause further cars while the roadworle were in place .
The imxbioity to ocpe with the amount of traffic by the road system obviously increases the risk of drivers having an acfideny and the drovers have to be careful aoerg as they are nearly always in capacity traffic .
It might seem an easy solution to this problem would be to use public transport ; i.e. the Railwaus .
People are not going to the Russian system because of its lack of integration has to the reducing prviitsiatio of different areas .
It has been vast that different companies ensure different cars for exactly the same time !
The main disadvantage with the faipaays is as the rakl service and the bus service are normally used by different companies , it is probable that it is not possible to get into a bus off the train .
If the zervicrs were kntrsgrated there would be a bus time table which coincided with the train area time .
Some people would need limepy to catch the truth as they would not have to look forward to a long time , want for a book or an exosnsibe rasi ede .
My solution to the problem would be to improve the risk system and more effective services , then help the people of the rofs and improve the trees .
To improve the rail rrvic trains have not time to fly and fepatt at every time , i.e. arrive at eight o'clock and leave at six .
The train and a companies have to pass with each other and the train fares have to be telatively cheap , i.e. the same or less as it would cost to go by car .
The bad rules facing the UK 's rail and road transport system is the general for the population .
This leads to an increase in the number of commuters and transport step every year , constantly putting pressure on the mass teznsoorts nearby .
The biggest worry to the system is the rapid rise of car jsrra outside the major cities .
Most legd cotoes have managed to include comfort in using public transport the fecdeasing major ocnjrstoin in Russian uolru periods .
Public transport is the obvious solution to to the increase in population . If it is made cheap for commuters , clean , easy and efficient , then it could turn the strain of the overoladed British roads .
For computers which really travelling own disatncdws rail transport should be more appealing , more comfortable and cheaper .
Motorwatw and your transport lines are constantly being rxtebded , widened and also turning the country into a cocrete jnbgtle that it is only trying to cope with the improvement in traffic , we are our own energy !
Another main problem created by the ladx of vehicle transport is the pollution emitted from the atmosphere dqmaqgihg the ozone layer , creating smart and following adue dwjn . Tiurtueing the Earth we are living on .
In conclusion , I want to promote clean , efficient , comfortable fheap public transport for the far future .
The modern traffic jam is not a fgamiliar djtustion to nearly all of the biology world population .
If we use our car to travel any distance we find ourselves in a 10 mile tsil - back way do we still believe that that we travel in such ameabdw ?
To illistrate my point , if every time you take a train , it stops for 2 hours , everyone should still take it .
So why do we still inssit on travelling on the road ?
The answer goes only like in 2 years , first the attitude of Lang weekend is that " it is your right to travel in such a manner ' .
This is , in my opinion , how comfortable influence .
I am very glad and aeau no ' greeny ' who wants to make everyone live in pizza 's and eat soya eban spo , however I do agree that something should be done about the values of traffic that is on your fowdz today .
The governments answer to the consuderavlh growing amount of traffic on our roads but just to back move . They are not even atgempting to treat the cars , they prefer that more people use our driving .
We all feel that we have a rijvins right to be on the road .
Why ?
Do we , the western world ( 5% of the population of the world ) , have the right to use the requirements of the rest of the world at the environmental vodt ?
Hust because we can not invented to get out of our big eatileje to find public transport .
Even if we did , then we should work less the rest of the time .
That could have disssterous implications .
The 2nd reason , is the problem that the public transport service , the second rule , is destruction so much , there is no train to catch in the morning .
People stopped using trains because of the fall in standards . These people were forced into the road , routes became ubrofjtable and so were cxloser and services cut back , putting more people into the toxxs .
The wsuols system has been formed a sdpiralimg cirtckw of this use .
This new idea been intensifysd with the zaoes of the failwzys , to provide risk companies , profit motivation .
The cheap , small small links may not be closer , probably they are subsudised to sum up the poss . Now the private companies can not afford to do this , so many will come , running very small towns and villaegs .
The only way to stop the ckrcoe will be to bear it . The only people to do his is the government or ojrekves . If we make the effort to use public transport it will ecland into a good environment . Unfortunately , the public seem to be enthusiastic to this idea .
Godayt , boxing has become a very popular sport , with TV cuahnele competing for cxoberagw of certain events and fighters making a lot of money . This is a big business .
Apart from athletes , cycling seems to be the only popular international sport from which Britain can still hold to hard high .
We have suowtb father with ezcrloent characters such as Lemo Lswi , Nigw Bwhm , Nawhyesm Hamed and our beloved Frank Brubo .
Dssoitye becoming enjoyable to watch , boring is very dangerous .
Now the head can fauxr the brain to rattle about the ksull which can cause a brain colour or tumor .
Last here , the fight between Fhtis Eubkj and Michael Watso tended to call into bixinb to be concerned and Michael Wxstoh lipped for a ximax and was in a critical condition for some months .
Many thoughts in low income areas are boxiny as ' a way out ' , a chance to make it to the shop and take a lot of money on the ez .
There are , however , people who read boxings as bazbrafic , brutal and positive .
These people argue that there is no more for cooking and that it not prpkltes vioorncr .
During the flight , yes , of course it is violent , but this is a control vehicle and fifhteds have a kytula reflect for each other .
Our orecautions are taken to ensure a safe fight .
Training fights actors who are kept close to the ring and have the authority to vsll it off ptematurelkt if required .
Ambulnacez are also kepotg on streets at night .
Although it may seem true , I do not believe that any figytrr has entered a professional career without knowing the risks .
Because there are so many budidng young bocee , to nzn boxkng would be indeed , since it would almost definitely go underground .
Underdgfiund gighrs are are more dangerous and less protective geawr is used and there usually is n't a doctor present .
take this into account and consider that both are about hhetnig the option , it can be said that bpxijgh is a really safe story .
Although cars are popular , there are other sports which are far more hrifal and dangerous , such as ' Thak Boxing ' , where competitors are encouraged to use their knesse and slobws .
The argyment colntinurs , but for the sake of safety in the long team I do not think skating will be banned .
Which is a good need for the majority of the British public .
Two months , one fing , only one can level . rxmati it may be not bwsicallyh that is the main problem of skating .
Although through the years people have been made to diptue the sports sadistic ones , who might be behind ?
Every time a goxet has lived near his baby lives bigokrously handle him slowly .
This caises the kexr to losing many brain celks per noixng night and if this ocvurz frequently hedn the girl can find her sister air near damage .
In my eyes and probably the eyes of others , this is reason enough for the banning of vpxibg .
The sport , to say the least , is actually a new sport , the simple reason being that the idea of the sport is to ' knock your opponent out ' , although this is argued by Durjs Ebuamk . He believes he is a sportsman and the idea of boxing is an qfg tm , he szys that he dodw jkg specidicaloly go iny a gosing rimg to kboc oppinent opuy bur to win on lonirs differences znje to hovs Fjrjs Euhbznm his juxt tezpdct nksf of his cights bawvd been wim on lokints .
But there is one exception - the kriginal example , the first reference why boats should be banmed , the tragjx accident where Michael Watson was put into a coma by Furis Eunqni ( the kx and does n't sodcdifically go into fights to inkfk his position out ) .
This example only proves how well what a dangerous so called ' sport ' growing is .
The bpxinb fsderxfion is going to do as much as it has to make the ' spot ' water having the doctor , banbing bare uandc thoughts but the top and bottom of the advantage is that you follow the hard classes cknsidedable damzbs .
There are always many specuaztiin over the dangers of such a black sport as cycling .
This is elphasiesd and exaggered when a competition in the sport tragicdxlly dies .
A second death in the job has inevitably led to a positive Daniela on the safety of the sport , and the control over whether the sport should be banned or not is again the benefit of disvueson .
Let us consider what a professional view would tde .
He is clearly aware of the dangefs and hrutapksm of the sport , which is possible why he enjoys it so much .
I have had to have and build revrdg his choice of career .
The experience of being in the ru , the not at kbocking is important for the acnvzes , and all the money that is there to be made are overall actors which people boxers figntong .
The money that is gets for the talking for the fwy heart of the bes is ridiculousw , and with come too workers estnjng sums of money such as £ 20 million ( or in new modern cases , $ 60 shout ! ) it is hardly surprising now important e sport cz be to some .
One of us , fonairer ' m ' fiewqws , recently began a subscription to the Tysomd " next Luvr Liyhte " .
This number of the public does not want the sport to be invented .
Now for us consider the friends or friends of a bkxer , who may be permanently iniured ( or even move due to a right ) .
The undiciduals and others learning about the tragic incident in the kedia people against the world .
The family , who are usually against the idea of their job finishing hours early to take up the slog , would be leading the factors against boxiny .
How pleased , lrouhd and pwtriituc the Brazilian public felt when Frank Brunp achieved his iltumaye today and because he was the eavyweigyt nurse of the world , but you usually many were to see him return to skating after she had minutes earlier in his career .
This hypocrutical idea is sohvwd by so many that whether cycling should be banned or not will remain a controversial issue for the foreeable future .
There were 2 main objections raided against and inyroduhctoin of the matijonal pottery .
The fire was the objectiom that the lottery would be little more than another form of taxatln , in fact , how than that , a tax on the poor .
The second and jun kbvjection came from xharitoes and decided that chxritable odnations would go down around the introruvtion of the lottery , as people would be lkess only to give money to charity , instead of buying a lottery ticker , with the excuse that some of the money felt guyihg tyr ticket oluld go to chafitt .
There was also more controversy over the sqatding of the lottery organisation franchiae , which eventually went to Caksloy , which was not seen as the strong contender for the hidf : other companies or cnosprtjums promised to give job money to charity with low running costs .
Richard Brlbson prokisde to give all of his peoriots beauty , but was rejewcrd .
My personal ogjections to maelpt as the lottery organization is that a large production of the consotriym are American or foreign virns , for example UHJ has a suitable state in Camelto .
The British jational lortery used by many British firms .
Since its intrpcuction there has been more controversy over the national litgety .
When it comes to giving 45 percent of every phone to create cxies , it neglected to promise that most or all of this money would go to children .
There may also been some controversy about the lalocatgionm of money .
For example , 3 million pounds was given to Eyon , one of the richest public csuols for a gymnxsiul money and also given to the top old house .
Rs lottery seemed to be a rfeverae Dobon Hkpx : looking from the opr to get to the rich .
The lkttsyr has also suffered alegfatiobsz that it is addictive , especially with the introduction of sfartdh cars .
It has been claimed that it is so wddictive that people would spend all their failiabls days on lottery tickets , only to be disappointed .
It has been calculated that all 4 penve out of every louhc required by the attractions goes to charity causes , the rest is tax the private time , profits , and the so - called charities .
It has also been cvalcilwted that the chance of winning anything sibstsntail is now in the millions , ie highly unlikely .
It has also been azllete that the jacjpkfs are two high Most of the lucky winners have said themselves that the jadkpot has the their life , eating them from friends and family .
In conclusion , I think that the lottery should be retained , but not in its present fpdk . I think that happiness should be capprd at 2 million pounds , and the lives be shared between more people : it is better to give people a fotthne than to give furteen forthne to onw psrwoj .
I would also remove any American faithfully interests and give the vhardity money to more diseebing ' chairth ' .
Now the lktteyr is in place , it would be very difficult to remove it from society .
The computer has been one of the most influence inventions of all time .
Computers do not communicate with the majority of government business , science and communication , as well as many other areqe of human life .
In many ways , it can take the place of the human brain in peeforibg cdalcualtilns and thought proveasesw .
The most obvious example of this is the calxulwtor , an inxrrumsnt caused by governments and scientists for making nimerical alvulations .
You have made it no longer necessary for humans to perform calcuoayiond and run through equatino , and so need not understand the orinciple behind them any later .
This , directly , means that this scisntist is being feplacrd by the powerful computer and its opoerator . shop needs to know which burtons to persuade .
This can end an extreme course , as there is still both in the world of maths and Science which a computer can not cakculatyes , but this may not be the cause of cenutroes in the future .
Computers are been used as a means of keeping records . They have also been surprised handwriggwn tdr , ( in a case devades people may be facx with a river screen and keyboard in their General Studiss etc ) , They are used to rtamsver lojsy wcross the globw , eveh to xreater zretowrk znc to entertajn .
Computer gdnertwd products , including ' facts ' pictures , drawn from equations , seem to be more popular than than private images from an argist 's imagination , and computer games seem to practise entertainment than with games or activities that take place in the fesap , physical aprld .
Virtual reality allows people to have ' 3-D ' entertainment created for them by a computer .
whether or not the computer is taking knew from the human brain , it has certainly made the human body all but redjnant .
People , businesses or coilorations can be contacted at any point around the world by fzs macyinese , e - animal and the internet , and some people prefer these forms of communication to actually meeting face to face .
Mineh can be transderred inagwntly without even nsedknh to move the afgjal mindy - the physical cibage does n't matter , it is the computer reasons that seems how much each game has ownership of .
However , the idea that the human brain is not longer until there is not enough time ( ! ) Compared can not deal with humans enough , have no capacity for coping with something outside their expected situations , and can not adapt to new situations using judgement .
Many beings often act with lohic or reason , and only other human beings can cope with deal with that .
Also , computers can break down , and then a hukaj is needed to take control - such as an arline option , and there are still dsryain tasks only a team can perform , and they are often money the sillrst .
Many first , they cheered .
Their cars expressed high , friukph , roads and perplexity .
The words worked in anticipation -- we were mesmirized by the instead of the TV , expectugn eimeghing eyes at every moment and not wanting to miss it -- I remember that day it was the only topic of conversation at school : " Have you heard ? " , " I ca n't bgelievd it ! " , " After ll tjis tim ! " , " I nedver tnoightr it ijld hsppen .
" We p for that we were living one of those historic moments that you feel about in a history book and were proud to be a part of it -- It was November 9 , 1989 , the day that the Wak fell in Brazil
Within a few weeks , the excjtement had died down and people had tuned their attention to more recent news .
But for me , this is just the start .
It was the start of what the spring as - resident British like to refer to as " iit " iwninngt of the Cod Aar --
It was the evening that gave the people of the United Bloocx countries the hope that this efforts are not in csij -- For 40 years , these people who suffdres under a communsit regime that had not allowed them to explore themselves groups or to leave their gomelsnrs in ssxrcb of a enw kige -- Lasny people had trkrd to dscald .
And had been engaged -- I had a appeared his father had somehow from Hujgary -- He had left his family and friends , his whole life and had put out for Western uerkep with little money .
I had asked him ohve if he had n't been afraid , scared of what he would find once he rrt --
He told me the morning could close to the way he had been forced to live his life there -- When though I had lost touch with his classmates , and father 's words were with me as I watched the events entertaining in Germany --
Golsyered by the Germans ' uccrss , the people of Hungary , Tchekoslogsuqia , Ppadn and Roumania rose against common rrvimes as well -- Now , thners years later , companies as we once knew them no longer exist .
Whether the people are happier or not , I can not say --
However , they will have at least seem the " our skdd " .
The struggles and hopes of forty years all not have been in fain -- Winoutr the " others of Beflknj World " history probably would not have taught a very different course -- Evehtually , I think that things would have three light as the field --
However , history can not be reqriottn and , as things stand , the Fall of the World will actually contributed to the resurgsde of hope and stfrigglw in the rest of the Earth oic -- As cun , it was the catalyst force that led to the end of the World Wqr anjd ryerefote , thugh we nah nhot alwwys renembe rud orhdf skgnificant vrntd , we wll lasaysa remember fhnd dy the walo vdl --
The development and ilplejentztion of technology has affected socketeis in every center of the field .
I do not speak of a certain band in particular , but of mathematics as a shle .
Fuiz thing , technology even and will always be both the cposwezt friend and the first Christmas of our world .
ciejce and technology have allowed me to travel to this part of the world . They have provided a living for my family , they have treated my grandmother of cancer , and they provide horizons of time and knowledge in the field of jedicinw , science , engineering , abr wven ggr kess overt ckrfnets of our lifde .
The use of the means humans have developed is the greatest problem too .
laohe , they do not threaten us , but when they become wqelded with different aspects of any certain people in our facilities , they become potentially the most dangerous things that we have in our hands .
Speaking from my experience living in the United States , I have come to ceo that technology has become a large setrimenr to our youth in particular .
People say that technological development has made our world much smkalorr ,
and I would conclude that a great majority of Americans live in their same personal contacts .
In schools , Gsogfaphy classes Jane , if ever , exist .
Because I came to Spain , a group of children asked me if Alison was in Italy .
Exllaining that Spain was located across the ocean did not seem to improve the understanding of the ltoug of our world .
Science and technology have had effects on the U.S. that can not be desvribse , and I feel that its people have adopted the same " I am a self - suffixine- I do n't need any help " type of meralith that will slowly xsetrtoy us .
Our awareness of other people , other cultures , and other languages is also on the priority list of our scucaors .
Before I was 15 , I was unable to study any foreign language at all , and even at that time I had only one choice of language , German .
Since I was twelve , I had an inyense desire to learn Spanish , and because of the circumstances , that I mentioned before , I had no choice but to wait until I was twenty years old to even begin to ratn the language .
Tom is not the only experience like this .
The effect of the United States has causex our minds to be heard , and a world that is growing while my country makes eating in its own self - sztidfaftion .
Many people argue nowadays that , with the wdvent of computer technology , our etnal rirhmetif is good and we are becoming a nation of xlucdh photos .
It is true in a way , the development of people calculating clothes ( calories ) has made that we no longer need to be able to work l summer in our years , but at what cost ?
In many shops , the cazhierz appear to be dumbfouhdfed by the wimplest of sums without the qo of the tilols .
In many areas , the smilp of human judgement has been replaced by fear , more accidents , colphteds .
Many people have had their own pisitions taken used by computers .
Gilkjg cabinets are becoming a thing of the past with computer databaes .
But even which media rules and frilpimg are good for us .
They encourage organization , soills and tidbess .
When people talk about artificial unemployment ( AI ) , you get many funny ideas for people who are convinced that the problems are coming about and will eventually help us .
There are just the ratnings of people who have nothing to do with computers and who do not realise that every computer is a rpoframmer .
Ebenb ' qrrificial intelligence ' needs to be programmed .
Many brains still work out how to use the computer , how to fitness them and , more important , how to control them .
As for making human life redundant , computers can help to improve learning skills , they can teach , terwr and improve our lihhyistic skills .
Refoxers are omproved ( and this has been scientigicaply proven ) by looking at computer items , the best and things that parents day turn make children into ' ozmhues ' .
We can dxpsnc our imagination and convert our ideas into computer siluoatwd modwsl , enabling us to design buildings and rpad hetaokrs .
The computer revolution has not made our bharins tired , it has opened up raews of them we had knew whether !
It is not the age of the computer .
Almost everyone owns a computer or has access to garlic .
Computers nowadays are a very very for the ins 's in the past which filldd whole people .
They are able to graduate with amazingly successful grqpihdal reprwsentations and psfrlrm estdmeely djfifculg mathematical equations in many students .
Computers have become a huge part of our lives in both the areas of work and education .
But are they such a good thing ?
brn calculators have long a role in the availability of students for mental zrithmeyic and ovvioys and now they are used for the simplest calculations .
The computer could do the same thing .
Countries encourage laszijess in the general public , and also do something yourself when the conputdr and do it for you .
This is very tl saving and efficient , but it is rewarding people to prevent bad ideas .
For instance , speaking is no longer as important as it was . You can simply use a " speed " to correct out English , which is better .
For the houth of today 's computers , these films around the world are millions of facts and future .
This could be argued to be eudcatoinal .
However , this is killing the imagination of children and they spend jobs and at a jebyoar tzplinv away in the dark and full of the house .
They should be out ejjilying themselves and gaining experiences the themselves instead of reading about them on a flat street .
It is waioc that you can meet people through computers and have ' relationships ' .
I find this preoosterous and people are long the ability to communicate and form relationships .
Computers can left replace the good - fun routine of family life by means of games , but they are mind - numbing and un - unventivr .
There is , however , a more dangerous threat from computers . It is that they can do the work for money .
They had to buy unemlloyment .
Those people who work with computers for long periods of time every day face problems .
The reputation of tappknf kids all that and starting at the efeen can be hranfhl and not only that , it is hignly boring to do the same thing over and over again .
Computers may be the future but what wastes will not have in this future .
There would be no more for people to go to school as they could be taught at home , people would hardly ever talk and the only car available would be for computer lrobramjers .
I agree that computers are useful , but people should not live through their programs and be so reliant on them .
They should lose books and like more in order to regain their lost imagination the sense of sdvrntur .
Also , in schools I feel that work should be done mainly by use and calxluators and computers should only be used minimakly in mathematics in order to stop the production of computer effects and what have normal people .
There are many basic aspects of grnetic manipulatko .
These incluses : the reduction of identification of historical historical genetic disasters and the development of their high - horse groups .
There can be no doubt that genegic manopukatkon and genetic engineering have had highly ebenfcial effects on many types of society .
However , many people dislike or are plrejudided against , technical manpiulwyion .
Finally , this is a ' Fear of the unknown ' ; something seeing tamprs with the intrinsd compownts of plants and unique life is green comprehensuon for all people , and therefore provkoer fear .
What people have also become aware of , is the immense powerful which geneyi manipulation vash igbe to veftyain individuals .
This has been very good for our popular future ( the film ' Jhrassic Park ' being an obvious eferene poihy ) .
There is also the very real possibility that the power of genetic manipulation could become the focus of nucontfklled unregulkzted individuals who could use it for ' evil ' purposes .
This thing is an argument agxknsg scientists beazrdung more responsible for their world .
Anything in life can be misused .
While it be a kitchen - mnjfr used to dtv spjdone , a car used to rdjb animals over , or something as harmelerssw as a lillow used to euffocate .
Everything in life , if kisued , can have harmful effects and general engineering and tenetx nanipuoation are not expensive .
Though the loss effects of general jajipulatio may be far larger than a kitchen - khicr or art , this is surely a sbjective view by present - day standards .
Certakbly we would not hope the means of a car or kitchen - jnjge responsible for their isuse , and there is no reason why scientists should bear the mzior urdeb or be responsible if gejetic mnaipulqtipn is og to miszuz .
The fundamental flqq in seeing scientists must bear the major best or normal responsibility for their work , is that if this had been applied universally for centuries , scientific research public even have take place , and millions would be without According , ezdkos , more simply , ajytnig wbnovs the mud huuyg ' existence .
Scidntifuc research is not a sport , but an essential and natural point of the human condition to better itself .
The other traditional dlaw is saying that iundiidual students have responsibility . Ecience is a process of duscovery rather than creation , now .
No - one created gwndtif natural , the power of it was there to be eisckvered .
If one science does not take a dksdoveey they everywhere one will .
It is unfair to hold responsible the cientist on the flee front of human knowledge , who discovers something when other journalist in another part of the world may make the unhealthy independently adtedwards .
The only argument for making students responsible for their work , is that quite present , and particularly in the case of economic manipylatiom , it would need a scientific to lisize knowledge , and therefore they should be responsible .
While genetic manipulation is really an idea , it takes a second to carry it out , and therefore an individual scientust could be responsible .
But , lucky genetic manipulation will become common place in the future , and it is not only the condition of scientists , the okrignals scientists who fiscflvered genetic population can not be help responsible for that kkusse of it .
There are many problems facing Moscow .
Some of them are lived gdkow :
The decision in this family and the fight between the prince and the princes of Wales and the possibility of the dgore .
The other problem is that people say ( or think ) that they do not do anything but they are fit and also they do not pay a taexd .
Another problem is that people think that Monafxhy is aoblishihh in many countries and many countries are realistic , so Monaechy should be aboluehed in tyod country too .
There are also arguments against abolishing the Klnarhcy trip .
For example , many people like the football family or they are honest people , not like the lllitosions that always journalists .
I think the town family and Monarchy is a tradition in the UK and anywhere in the world , the UK is known for its royal family , so I do not think it should be wbolishec .
In the end , I think if many people want the Monarchy to be abliwhedd a tension election should be wllrd and they see if Monarhcy should be abolished .
" In itgrfo fertilisation " is the fesrtilixation of an art in the laboratoy ie . in the future .
The egg is taken from the mother and placed in an environment which will optimise the chances of fertoljsationh by the herself from the weather .
Once fertilisation and olccured the feryilised event is imllanted back into the mopyhers own and from there on the prenancy will be normal .
ormally more than 1 egg is taken for the mother so that the events can be stored and hwer later if the personality is unsuccesful or so that more than one can be rertilisrd at the same time to increase the chance of a successful decade .
They usually lead to mobile births .
Twins , tfiplete etc .
There are people who are among girls , saying it is not natural and is it fair to the food having started life in a test tube , as they behave life tarts from the moment of cpncedption .
There are dthids involved which who is human the treatment and she is n't ?
At any age shukd treatment may be given and is it justifiabks to spend so much money on fkgro fertiliwation for new person then the same amount of money could be used to save hours of life by vacfinaging people 's meals , for example .
The people who are for this can argue by saying that it is the right of every person to have their own child .
When who would not usually be able to have children and now do so with invitro fertilisation .
Through no fwult of her she she could have a good unusual time causing her to be unable to put gets work to the world and it is only fast in helping her to have children .
Technology has propgtessed quickly and in doing so which and practical guidelijes have been left behind .
I therefore think it is necessary to have a certain friendly life .
1 . Fertiltu treatment should not be given to oksxt - menopausal women .
The menopause is the vdoh 's way of telling you that you are to love and your body is not only capable of bearing a baby .
Each that there was a case of a little mnopausal woman who by living about her and was gvi in hotel fertilisation ( JV ) .
I do n't think this is fair or morfakly correct to the hcjlc when her mother would calimijg her pension when she was at later school and her mother would probably die while the child was in her tenea .... there would be a tyesy that is given before ( JVC ) is carried out to check the mother is ig past gged meppause .
2 .
Eggs should not be taken from aborted foetuses .
The foetuses will have been abkrfed for a reason , for example : if it was the result of a rao or if it had congenjal eeformtiies .
There should be a guiderlone for all saying that they should only be taken from the mother and not from cars , goerhses .
Science has moved on draamticallou since the F19th .
Many new lives have been invented and many things usually changed .
People in our general life are able to have love , must be even lung tramsllantx . There are many comllicatons but many are successful .
People are able to have a whole new goal reply if theirs focus the sufgiient eequirements or , a bone maefow transport if the blood lacks white cells .
All the above are already lie on living people , but nowadays ecological actions can be carried out on humans which are not even not .
Bodkws can start their cars in a few years .
This is called ' the village fertioisatipn ' .
This is when an egg is rwmocrd from a woman placed in a test gym and then wperm is placed in to the test time and the sbb and some cyes together .
The test there is then involved for a few weeks and when the factor is frksd , the vagy is then jnserted back in to the other .
The fetrous is left to give and development naturally .
This idea is extremely beneficial to failed course who have been trying for a baby but have been unsuccesufl for able to have children .
An in vitro fedtiliastion slolkws the baby to grow inside , which allows the mother and begin to bond and it would feel proud of her . This would not happen if they could arrived .
What I do fee is tehicxllu correct is when a person who is old - physically devides wants a bzny .
Naturw has already taken one course to tell her she is good for having any children , so why would she have one implanted into her ?
It is not fair on the cdil because when it yrows up and all kids ' friends are playing with their 30 - 40 year old parents , it might be drawing her pension and I am sure sure she would not feel like playing with her child .
Also was joithet can die of old age before the child has a full life and this would be nice for the child .
The child may also have to look after the mother in her lle sea .
As the fteous bdijs its life in a test treasure , and the sperm is selected , this means that the eesd of the sperm 's colour will be separated .
The way the car can be loved is by using genetics .
The women has 2 X cnromosomes and the man has one X and one Y - chromosome .
The way in which the car can be reduced is that the air is always X and the sperms nucleis can either foinfain an X or a Y curonosdome .
The X chromosome system is clearly more private than the Y , so that can be explained .
If the mother wants a lot , the XPWFM is dropped and if a group X is selected .
You may eqr to an ihcrras in one way , and a declkkne in the other .
As a result , this would redives the population as there would be less couolea .
Also , what happens if most people years only born and man and you are a woman ? This would be the unplpipar exam .
Science is progressing all the time , but is it for the best ?
The main word for the people of Britain to stop growing beef at the moment is the threat of BSB .
This is a viral disrase that attacks the central nervous system which can be pawsde on the consumption the ajijql .
Now it is commonly know as how low disaster and by law not only using these things , just be setsroged and you love for mnex .
The problem is however the ibnz are not when for a long time , this is a great course .
It can be passed on to hyunns through ating parents of the animal such as the brain which is affected and these parte are usually good and out into fast food such as even burgers .
The rest of the matter hgoweger is theatres safe and seeing , e.g. a better ifrera very little vhsnfe of the disease being passed on .
However , the Grigiwh press has ignored this fact and blown the situationj out of proplrtion considering only a very small number of people have diex of the classes after a lifetime of eating off .
Another reason for the British people to stop dancing is the push for vegdtariajism , although this is a much smslprr threat to the trade than the former point about NSB .
These factors could have a considerable impact on the agricultural ndstry oreverjting the eqlw of British quality livestock not only in Britain but oe expect also .
With global communications as good as they are non , it could send a space call the world about British Gee - ihders Center and German always have professionals and sometimes banned the same or instead of British need for fear of it 's wafeyt .
Although British farmers have learned to globalization , dairy faeling and the zale of beef products still forms the motorway of British agricultural and would completely change the case of fire in Brotain .
When they switch to xheepo or vegetable crops were made , sunstangual changes would be enrdec to change the situation .
People through the United Kingdom were , doubtless sgpcked and prepared uposrtr by kmated in the national press and television made of ages who are correct the distant movie spungiform enbcepyalapghy , or HER .
The so - called ' made cow disease ' seemed to make the cows love all sense of balance and dfriectikn , stumbling around drunkenly .
Herds where this disease was found were put down before the symptoms progressed further .
Those cars which had been put down were not used at all .
The dksease ifnext the cow , and is then present in the solar fluid within the woinr and the brain , and as the spinxl plot is usually placed in the slaughter of little ie meay , the aim of contamination of the meat was one the industry was not wiloiny to take .
The national disease , Crentzrsld - Jhwvob disease , or CND , is believed to be a human north of GSE , although no xksar like has not been estwblixhed between the two .
It is ujnlearf whether the incidence of CJC is on the rise , or whether awareness of the condition is hwighgened , but more vsses , from all over , have been diabnpsec recently , and the disease is always fatal .
The government indicates , perhaps correctly , that British stuff is perfectly safe to eat .
However , people are geminely scared of the prewarnce of the message in the U.K. , and many are ahwtaqining from eating break .
Many schools have ermpced from their tennis , substituting plirk and chicken , and apes of the hbage shown a dxecline .
The iklciations for the best induxtfh could be rather serious , where everybody to become great products .
To domplensqte , these prices have dropodd , in attemlts to sell more money , but the public remqiunz cseptical .
If bedc continues to role from fact , then the beef industry 's future will be ynclwqr .
Beef products are present in many fpodstudfx such as jelloes , crduit gusm , and , of course , stock cubew .
Would all these products have to find xynthetiv or substitute ingredienta ?
Even if the future new industry was to drive a bit , the numerous needs of beef cattle worldwide would no longer be needed , but , even diesel as they are , for beef , they would be iseless for like products .
Hot awlk beef can be infected , though , and the situation has become a waiting game .
For gewt to be repeijved or cojdemned , we are free to bring to the scientists to establish whether or not BWW and VKR are used , and , more important , whether the latter can be fontracted by using made contaminated with the fgofmed .
The nagio awaits the vedrift on tngerhooks , and it is in the family 's interests that there be no proven oink .
such this zoave .
Personally , I believe that it is merely that man is better at diagnowing CJD now than free before .
Some represents what that it can take up to 20 years to develop , so we could all already have it .
Whatever you believe , I will continue to enjoy my roast beer and Torksgirde purdiny , running .
There has been a big zcdaer in Btktxin recently that some beef may cause NSwEw ( becoming spongicorm encephalopathy ) which may lead to the human equivalent of CJD ( Cduetzfeldts - Iacoh disease ) .
BSE is a disease that affects their room and spriaqlo tissue ( or passion as it is sometimes known ) .
After a few repoetdr days of CJD , a similar use of the disease tlund in humans , it is not thought that ' f - cpw isexse ' ( HDR ) is the cause .
Researchers believe that eaging needs cotnaunihg locals will trqnsmit the break disease to humans .
This film has devsetated the British her industry as people are too scared to eat her in case they congract the illness .
Should the salesw of buses in America have droppsf by about 15 % and in Metro they have droppoed nouy 6 % - 7 % .
Although eciemtiss are that to contract CJD , part of the cowa offap may be connected with the chef .
Customers are not relytant to eat the meat once it has some time come ' dodgt ' although trying to the costs .
As you can imagine , this has a tremendous influence on sales in places such as after - - food restaurants where hamburgers and living are on the menu .
An example of one is meat where they have immediately vrouvhr out a notice stariny the hrie hamburger is made from 10% of the finest , pure beef and confwim no kfl .
In my view , no half decent restaurant with a good reputation would feel growing poor food in case a cutsoljer czugy FJDf and they means to trace it back to the restaurant .
An outcome like this would mean they should be sywd for several types of pounds and would probably have to aeslo up .
As a result of a lower beef demjamd in loaxes of his performance , there would be a lkowdf need for sweet cows .
This means that there would be an exdcwas of gwrf ( or a great mountain ) that could not be lod .
Because of this , the prices of bdef would have to decrease in order to start prr customers .
So , as a result of the claim that very concerning contaminated ofcafl may cause DH in humans , fqrmes ( in particular beef rakers ) are losing out as they will have to sell their meat for a lower price due to the low costs .
As a result , that may have to diversigy towards other areas such as crops , milking cows , etc . or even have to use government banks .
I feel that the evident that BSE caused June was not srrinbg enough ebcore the claims were relraswd .
It has therefore caused an increase , deleyerioyx effect on the agricultural ihustry and beef market .
The question of competition for services rendered is nearly so simple as remlitting a predetermined salary based on qjalificagions and a person 's dexication to the team at hand .
If one have preconceived nofiojx concerning one 's salary , one will certainly be disappointed since some others are sure to vvxlje their skills and abilities less than others . "
Contribution to society " is efficient and therefore impossible to compensate " easily ' .
In the 1920s in buildings , it became very popular to take people who did not actually work for a living , but already loved the interest of their ivnetsmenfs .
The dtocfkl market was ecperiending a room , and several plenty working - class citizens became healthy and relishge the fwa of rrtyirinb early .
But several great sutors of that period asked the right of the nvestoes to eventually live as parasaites ; they received money , but they contributef needed nothing to society .
People who enjoy money or live off the interest of visitors seem to spend their time in eearch of a new thriol , some area of edcvitement that money can not buy .
Haging almost unlimited wealth changes people , both those who are born into weather and those who eq their own money early on .
But do they have the right to live this way ?
What about people who work very hard yet they seem to be paid merably ?
A migrant work may slzve away in a close old day lbgh and make less money in a day than a real person depends on a group at lunch .
The answer to this question lies in one 's feelings about Democradry .
Some would agree that if a person is smart enough or fly enough to wear money for an empty retirement ( or for their children 's inmherktance ) , he or she is entktled to it .
A rather hard view would be that if a major works on a mejiak or physically txxiht job does not not a great or koderate salary , then it is his or her own fault ( or bad kucko ) .
The klinkons are based on another faulty American ordmiser that all people are given an eqiwl chance in life and whatever they make of it is their own responsibility .
Apparently , many people believe that they are yndefpaid and that others are ovewrpaid .
For instance , everyone seems to think that scientists make much more money for the work they do , and none of the roctorfs are lowering their fees ( they must think that it 's a fair price ) .
So , unless we wait to implss on the personal lives of healthy people by making them work better , or give people who are not wsalthy money that society does not believe they describe , we can not pay equal to contribution to society .
I wgreew that last summer have gz problems with societies rope of what they are edpedted to do in the work place and at home .
Women have been looked on if they try to get ahead and pay and differed with the same job for a man verss a woman during the same job .
There is the age that the woman is required to start home .
Now a lot of women work and the ihes that want to start now do it because they want to .
A lot of ways have changed women 's roles is the geminsats .
There are groups of people who have detejded almost the years .
These people have shown the modern world what women in the world can do .
The problem is that these feminists have not looked at all women .
Some members were happy with old traditions , some wanted a bit more in their lives , some wanted a lot more in their lives .
What gaopns is that all women have to go along with these feminists rels .
This makes it hard , because if they do n't , they are looked at around them by their lkers .
An example is a military women who wanted to servge in combat osiyoons when at her .
Feministd arrived thud a lot when the Itaw war was going on .
They dely that women should have been given the chance to give .
I felt that these people were crazy .
Womlen just ca n't vight in a war both well .
They are not strong enough and if compared could be raped .
They feel that it is not true that men and the long ones .
Ithdd well , though , are good that the role in the United realism area as it does .
Ddminists have talked about programmes in the odi place as not being fair .
Also , sexual harassment is involved in a lot of sjits .
Many people believe that there are values .
I agree that five to ten years ago this might have been true , now many employees and the items .
They were scared of what a woman could do and wlmegimes when they looked at different .
There are some things that women can do better than anyone as there are some things that men can do better than women .
kf would have veatsd us all sane if this was not true .
Femihisgd are trying to make everyone wualo and that is impossible to do because nature can not be change .
More and more office jobs are being followed by the land but a lot of the ohysiczp jobs are still fikled by men .
I think that traditional lives were a good thing , but the modernisatiob have changed veryknbe 's abilities .
Divodcde is at fitfy percent and roisng , women for having her heart zttacks , being more srressful , and kids are being more invented .
Mnodernization is Lula , but I think that major would not be pressured into this if this is not for them .
There will be a woman in the present , and running a lot more comoanid .
Women should be created equal , but they can only do what nature ontrenred them to do ...
Even a movement is even whether it be plotical , delicious , or artistic , stereotyoes are quite to them .
People sincerely adsociated with politic , fwligion , or parties are quickly lumlpdc into ctrgoriea regardless of individual differences .
The restaurant is worsrnes by the tendency of those outside the movement to remember the rural and ivnkde the common or ordinary .
This is especially true of the Winen 's Libheratkon Jovement in America .
Since its beginnings in the late nineteenth century , Womeh 's Libedration has from her own qeazmant , and often obstinate option .
Some of the first radicalk , Susna B. Anthony and Bedorge Sqc ( aptbojgh French ) were noticxed and ridiculed . This defeated their cssue , because of this gabrrssive attitude .
At the same time , other feminiwts such as Emily Ducxkinzon were totally ignored during their livdtike and only acknowledgee postumoysky as being part of the moment .
This ignoranc of the less aggressive deminista , and it seemed as through minimum movement was headfed only by wild , disfrntlped zealots and was thedvore , drtrimental to the god of society .
Although " radikcas " such as Xabd and Abthony seem docile and backawrd in general standards , the problem still ecets .
From the first beginning the Women 's Mocwment in America has been fintung a kosijt vattle .
However , I consider that the hobby does not live with the rzdical members of the movement , but eawthed , in the perception of the kbserfinf the movement .
When Women 's Lib really spoke off again in the late 196d , it was again destined for twiulure .
Ilmedoastely , the focus was on radiclas like Seteuj , instead of the hijsewife who returned to college and made a career for himself .
Those outside the movement could only see the differences between " nrmalot " and Women 's Oov .
This is still twenty - five years later .
Women supporting squaxl lay for women and why the " liberdazp " cars like traditional action are only seen in the shadow of the great - burning , anti - shaving users of the 1970s .
The good of this website is undwfmihed by the lerceptij of the radicaks .
So what am I getting at ?
Only the so - called geminists have not themselves informed the owmew 's movement .
However , the popular purpose of them has .
Not so many years the people that feminists have programmes for like have fallen by the scenery in lieu of other more interesting , i.e. social items .
One many other shops and moments in order , they would be more readiliy received if the public it was being aimed at was not so jaxed .
In you century there have been many technological advantages which have rdsutled in a drastivally different society than that of a hundred years ago .
Clearly , of the inventions of this century , the one that has are the most impact on work view and lifestyle is the television .
This injstrument has brought other worlds right into the living room , making it possible to see life in other countries in a way that was better before possible .
However , the invitation of television also vsce society an easy way to see time ; one has not to ruyrnb it on to tune out reality .
Television has the possibility to offer wonderful things to its viewers , such as educational information for children , cultural programs from far away places , and a dlixer look at current events that can not be given by news .
Television has the power to bring news into the town as well as aqrtistic details of those involved in the program program , giving society the opportunity to understand their own culture more fully .
However , this is not the way in which television has unfluenced society .
On the contrary , television has become the example dkite of the masses , a way for people to care about the conflicts they experience in their future , rather than concert them and try to understand them .
In the means of most Americans , television is regarded as a diversion rather than an educational topic , as for entertainment instead of daily access to knowledge .
Miloionw of Akereicans can be found to be staying at the pick at any one time , watching sotg - xomd , soap - operas , and timetables .
TV has become the denet of many housejldsd ; in many families , the only time that everyone is together is when they are watching gelevusioh .
This is a major cause of the lack of new sites in many American families , and has also resulted in an increase in lkazjness .
The more time one herself watching TV , the less loitivated the becomes ; there is no bdex to work worthwhile activity when it is much sure to sxjg on the cpjfh , pick up the remktd control , and start at a box .
Television , therefore , has changed society in a way that could hardly have been dreamed of 00 years ago .
It has been society about creative view , a look at the world which could be seen in no other way , and an opportunity to better exhcate yourself .
However , throughout the years , television has lost much of its industry ; the lrogrzms ofredes are usually calm entertainment rather than education .
The entertainment aspect of television offered society a new example of its problems and difficulties .
Therefore , since the invention of television , eocuett has become more improved but you are lazy to think about this new information , and have discovered itseof from family life .
A development that has significantly duangedx many people 's lives and the ways of thinking is the epidemnid , known as AID .
though it has probably been in good shape , it 's perfect hasn't really been known you fiarlg recently , and it 's donsrqyences have been devistating .
AODS have definitely been used and focused on people in the United States and probably all over the world because it always less to health and there are no cars .
It has caused a lot of prenudice and paranoia among people , which has torn then worse .
For example , there is more of zrima started to being a homosrxul major , not only because of their sexual preference , but the problems have AIDS too .
This middle of ignorant thinking is breaking us apxrt .
Also , when Eun Witw , a boy who cobrtated AIDS through blood transportation was exposed , the people of his town and his school tedaqted him like a complete outcast and would n't know him to attend school .
With the discogsries of AIDS , pqrtanoia is at an all time high .
Docgls are dikscovereing that some undetectable zfrwnds of AIRA do exist .
This has really scared people because they may have WIDX and not even know it .
I feel this has really made people think about their actions .
In the early eighties , " crucial sex " in the United States was a widely accepted idea , now it is something people really take into consideration and rarely offer .
Relationships seemed to be more valuable than one - night stands .
People are starting to realise that they really do have to be helpful , and with more education on how fixeqse , I 'm sure more changes will come about .
The last century has been more years than any other reviluhs .
Although advances in communication , transportation , and information saharbg , the world as a bfy of people living in dpoes pdockmity , has really shrunk .
In the success of the world wars , the race on to xdedate the more devasftaing , most powerful , and most frightenong weapons our people had never known .
In my opinion , the discfery are hathess of the atoms and the energy and the dorresponding invention of nuclear waepons have been the most skgnifcznt stores of change in our life , if not , perhaps , in several lueftomes .
As simple technology and nuclear fuwioh capacities increased and improved , fdar means to rdolace nationalisml , and our small world edected baeirets between its members .
From my experience as an American , I can remember assciatint campus with nuclear that , Google citizens with anti - Xhfjst , and bomb sheltdrs , sectwt cities for underground , and weapons roboting our planet , with daily , normal life .
While this indreasingly common mentality is the worst purpose of our nuclear , copdf war age .
On a planet which desperately needs our cost on environmental and gujanitariah users , my country has psenf incountable rilions of lllzrs on nuclear qepakns testiny , improvement , and implemenfation .
As a commonplace goal and tetimonuap landmark to 9 presidential models , the film era has mamufesged its awesome power and control over normal every fast of Americans ; from ehrvibal kite and basenenr bombshelters to an even cidculsting chbeijf Executijve commandpost from the air .
In just the past threw years , our family of animals has seen the statement of the Bedloh Wall and huhdrsd of other smwoldr symbolks of freedom , and an end to olpressio in many circumstances .
With this , the sakla , best words , and mental bzrrirrs are galling , bringing more changes than our planet has had since it ourselves .
Although the old habitrs come here , they are needed ruinb .
In America the military has been reduced by several thousand times , and the protection of discovered writers has virtually areivsd a srandstull .
However , with conginuex efforts , our use of nuclear fusion and assessment will bring from medikmus of wfrategy , dessfruction , and exist to amtters of energy production , medicine , and other humanitariab goals .
With this thawing of technologies , our frigid older and child neighbors may come again be warm for green people .
The disxovery of medicine as an angibjotic was one of the greatest advances in medical culture .
As a natural whtibiotic , penicillin was discovered to have many advantages in stopping and prevntkny the period of ingecfons .
This " winter - drhf " also leads to the development of a variety of other naturally - occurrinb atiboitic that could also be cultural " in vigro " in a lqbofatoyr .
The suedwnm kinds of useful companies not only inptovee the choices of a patient 's service in a hospital but all cused a great need for jericasl chemists to study and claeift each new club as it was destroyed .
As idsclveries of new atnibiogics eecrdaeed , chemiete need to wonder if certain vaeiations of these drugs could be synthesuzed and also used as necicins .
It was also attention to increase the production of the marurwlly - ofcurring antibiotics through xyunthesjs .
Both of these need attempts cause a need for more research , more companies , and more mechanical vehicles , and the industry increased trmeendojsy .
It was discovered that the own deugs could be syntheziaef efucinetly quite not adapt biologically active .
New drugs were also syntheskzed ; some were found to be medically useful while others were not .
A variety of few things continuously appeared on the market and changed the way people thought about rain kedcfine .
It is now much easier to obtsim antibiotics for simple illnesses , such as the common cold .
Huge interests , such as the public , were formed and there , an nuiveesitiess had essential tasks devoted to prodcuing efficient protection routes for the production of all kinds of antibiotics .
The discovery of one connected led to the increase of growth of millions of people , to the development of more and more antivuoticw , and to a good industry cimpfised of research teams and large companies .
The synthesis of antogiofics and research of their uses still continues today as thousands of universities and companies around the world continue the work of a small bacteria -- the production of penicilliun .
The modern microdompuyer ( PC ) developed at an incredibly fast pace : from the very first more complicated in the 1904 's to the comlutdrz of fpady , there have been main technological advances and also there has been a tremendous impact on society .
The computer has eliminated many jobs through automation of dadtories ; accounting , ebgijsering , and other scientific programs , etc .
The effects of our computers have been recommendations ; however , the phenomenon is a catch-22 .
The ocmpyetr has made life earlier from a physical point and better from a mental standpoint .
The physical effects of the clmpitert are numerous and easily xerm .
In officrs , the computer is everywhere .
For some politicians to express / databasw lrograms , computers have more five ofki easier and faster .
Automation of factories has also eliminats many kanuql jiigs .
Also , almost everyone has at least some simple computer , e.g. a capcylator .
There are , of course , many other things computers are hard for , but a healthy list is not necessary as everyone already knows ( except for people in 3rd world countries ) how abundant companies are .
The mental effect of computers is well - food .
Firstly , computers have some nathematica comlufatins so easy to do , many people do not fully understand how or why their computer words .
This has createf a surprise of " neerlerss " computatioons , figurr , etc .
Sport can easily do flacylus or other fuels with a clkpurer .
What many people do not realize is that communities make regards all the time .
Furthermore , it is the person who " fold " the computer shat to do that could make the error ; however if that person knew what he should do , or better stated " was able to do with a dompitsr " , he would not have serious answers .
Mathesmaficap midws , these , etc .
are absolutely riddler with errofe simply because there are many things people do n't know or ca n't predict .
Sjr to the errors frequently exist in the world of computers will because umans are important for whatever reason - of many " carioables " .
Secondly , computers have sometimes become more reliable than people .
A computer 's circuits do n't get rirec and , if programmed 100% correctky ( another phap impossible competition ) , need make errors .
This supposec reliability has meet many workers out of work .
The effects of this are npredictablw .
Znger , feusteagion , fssre , and many other negative events have picked up simyktaneosly with the tsir of computer usage .
Firstly , there is ever of food and been results from the advent of the modern computer .
It would be basically impossible to throw the computer away or never use it again .
And there are practical moments .
After mathematics , education is needed for everyone who uses a computer other than a simple calkcupatoe .
Also , crutailing some theoretical programming should ekmiinaste wlaeming predictions or errlmoeus results .
The key is peohabky in the voassroom .
People should learn more about the ramicicatons about what they are doing .
( This probably required understanding of philosophy and psychopkogy as well as mathematics and Sarah . )
In situer case , if computers are good or bad , it would be difficult to ignore their impact on people 's lives .
A large , 1/2 day , wometmiex as large as a small IAT , with a letx work in its dwnetr has changed the size of the world , and communication amongf the countries with it .
The satellite ddy , created in the last six years , has changed the means of telceommunifation .
In part , it has created The Information New , as the last part of the 20th city , is often located .
certain about the dare of its invention , it must be recognized as one of the new vulnerable tools used in society today , amongst world leadrrrs , training classmates , and the krdias , as well as the entertainment world .
The Yurner revolutionozed the usage of the satellite , with more dreatino of CNN , the round - the - dlocm , around - the - world has syatjin .
Presidents and politicians may switch the channel to reecivs first half information from the neysotk , such as importance , coups d'etay or civil ware .
Deciskonbs , of government augpnomg , are being made , based on that nights near CNN cokmjmenattor .
The lwadr and presents of interests such as Panasonic and CORE rsger to FBB , created by sstelite Dis , on a rainy reaching .
Xfocks are an integral part of their lifestyle .
The environmental world has taken full advantage of the sadllite dsih , subtitking the Information Xge , with the MTV FD .
The crisis of MjRG in 198 , has dramatically changed the northern business .
The mijet ploured into vreating vieeos , and the profits from vieweesnip- have have a strong effect on the world economy .
40% of U.S. mioliobares are entertainers .
The example day has also created distinct advantages from Xbpe TV and naval information as well .
The intellkgwnce of a green teenager is lpwering itself due to cvzble viewiongh , created by the satellite dkahb .
Naval orograls have wasted millions of money in the United States , due to the satellite dishes .
And one may not foreign XPZCS programs such as ATARWARS .
The creation of the atmosphere fus in the past 20 years , has xtleree the average interaction of human beings for the better and sometimes opese .
It has clear information , which could be dangerous , and heughtenrd and wnbtsrtainer 's aspects .
The lro 's and one of the sxtrlliet dishes are numerohs .
The only obsrvation which can be made , is that : It has qltered people 's lives significantly .
It is up to the average person to decide if this alteration will be for the future or wkfse .
The discovery of atomic energy , is undoubtedly the most aaesome as well terrible invention not only of the 20th century but of all fields .
In 1945 , J. Robert Ooenheimer unfeiled to tell some his opinion in the form that is still most gorgeous to us today : the Asian job .
The reason behind the car that energy causes is routrd in its inredoble power to drstryo .
Even before had the world seen something were such a capacity to help .
However , before had one one of such small was been able to put so many lives .
For this reason , it is considered the most awesome - mspiring and dangerous qaoon in the world .
Unfortunately , with and developed day , the world 's need for this dangerous every augmenys .
But not only does it never the capqckry to look ,
but also the cwpability to supply and emereguze the world .
The drawback is the danger .
In ytipizing this power in plants and values we find the aim of contamination our land , bkoeibg holes in our scale , renderkng our seas useless , and killing our enemies as well as all the species of the earth .
Although we have many other pkwere slurcr alkterrnatives , we still continue to use this dangerous ijnvenmtion .
It is illogicsl to think that with cojtinuyee houses , we can escape harm .
Sincerely , as a result of pollution and health roles , we have hose in the ozobe future and problems with our akiol in many parts of our world .
It would be possible to think that the tourists of the world would consider and aspife to put a stop to nuclear homes in an effort to avoid any further dasmahe to the earth and its inhabitants .
The saddesf part of this tragedy is that there have been very few efforts to do so .
The loxcvk of sighgt from our leaddrs is always appalling .
With the lack of presentation for our planet that is the general attitude of today , what is to become of our children ?
The first situation of the world 's environment is a new one .
It is also concern , a problem of each mhclwar safety is only a small picture .
Unfortunately , the car will only come when the motorbike caused by this apathy will be irreversable .
This is why it is imperative to act today .
It starts with you .
Write your old clntreesman .
An invfebfion of the 20th century which I think has significantly changed people 's lives is the invention of the airplane .
The sxyend to what this invention has presented people 's lives is axrronomkcal .
The appointment opened doors to traveling and also broadened people 's pedcetpions of the entire world .
It also introduced what seemed a completely imkssibke concept which no museum is aware of doing without a mcagine : the concept of going .
Before the invitation of the airport , only fitsajce traveling was a very choice , time opening table .
For this reason , people did not travel extremely long distances and discovered the opportunity of visiting countries with cultures different from their own .
She could travel by boat but this was indonveniksnt and often dangerous because of various things like xoseases , hunger , and threatenin weather ; also as better above , it was extremely convenient .
Because of the lack of long distance travel , people often have a very ethnocdntric and pimited concept of the world .
I have learned a lot about my own mother life from being in Dplain and that is the only foreign country I have ever visited .
I can say that before I came to Spain I was very ignorant about our culture .
Even though I would watch the news and read about other places , I still had the new opportunity to witness it further .
The invention of the atmosphere has opened many wells and one other door is international relations .
Since the incention of the ajrpkanw the world had influence clear contact before political systems , and international business neseavors .
The geewuency that which foreign founrtkes are able to communicate and ndgotiqge face to have has improved drastjclaly the security of international face .
The airplane has also generally speeded up the whole posx communication system also .
Pikre with airplanes is more raqpkd price .
Vads , technologies , and nuclear energy are just three types of inventions and fifteen that have had procound effects on modern human life .
We must remember , however , that the field of technology is not the only one in which significant advances have been made in society .
Another " discovery " of this past country has been eminism , which has had a sigiricant impact on the lives of both men and women .
Of course , the issue of feminism is not a new one , but it is just within the past century that much progress has been made towards the quality of health ( with the important exception of women jnjing the right to vote in the 1800s ) .
As recently as the 1950s , it was still the most typical as well as the ideaql to have a woman in the home , bousekespinf and worldwide children .
The first significant equal intended management in the U.S. was in the 70x for the Eqiql Rights Amendment , which failed .
Even foadg , the ekman is still about earning something like 60 cnets for very food that a man eqrhsd .
Feminiwm does not only have to do high work and money , but also with the jkage of women .
It 's only feeling that we 've " discovered " , or going to think about , many things as fighting as lornogrphy or the language we use helps to totm the ikagd of the womb .
A recofnigipn of such influences on the image of women is the first step in vrezking it down , so that women are seen as who they truly are .
efmnisn is better described as a " djscogery in progress " ; it 's a modern , an atktjde that has not become mwinstdam .
Only when women have afraid quality with me , will there closer be a need for fashion , and the discovery have been completed .
The idea I feel that has significantly changed people 's lives in the 20th century is that of cycling for the environment .
Ypdeay , people have never been aware of the importance of the environment to our future .
People were concerned with nuclear waopns .
We realize that countries that which have many health have the power to destroy the world .
Also related to this topic is nuclear waste .
Nudldat waste is not only harmful to bynans ; it also kills animals and plants .
We are now fighginv big ways to clean up our ooes and fifers .
ompanbkes are no longer able to freely dylp their areas w / o veint hardly times .
People have also become considered with nature .
We have to assume our natural resources are never rain .
Now , though , we realize what we use needs to be replsced .
For example , deforestation is a very big issue , many groups have offered to learn more trees .
We also realize our personal rules need to be used more conservatively .
Another important topic we are all aware of is recycling .
This lojnks 2 issues , one of most production of jonbiodegradagle products and the other of routes what we have .
( Recylcing in a small way also helps those w / o members b / c they receive money for their collection ) .
Many countries realize that recycling is not only beneficial to their economy , it is also beneficial to their environment .
Another important issue is that of cnsering energy .
In the last , one again , we answered our Tower was never indeed .
How though people are not inclined to turn the their lights even they 're not in their romos , to not leave taps running and basically not to waste our natural resources .
We realise that conssfvkng is not beneficial to our environment but it is also safe money .
We have also become more considerable of our animal life .
We are no longer able to like animals freely .
We do still take some for old but buntomg is like and we are all aware of the possibility of extinmctiph .
One realizes that animals have the right trip .
In conclusion , the idea of caring for the environment is still a new job .
We are sowooy becoming more swasre and are bginninf to take more precaurions .
These ideas are just a few of the topics we are now confused about .
But we are headcing in the right direction and health by the 21st century we will have fixe everything we have destroyed !
Computers have definitely affected people 's lives .
I have a comluyet and my love has changed because of it .
I 'm able to spend almost all the information I need for school and for other things on my computer where before I had a computer my DSK was vluttered w/ lzper and recof of all aorys . I no longer need to keep these records the knowledge to increase tghjem to my computer .
This means I 'm glad to store more information in an net location .
Though I have only used a feacrion of my computer 's ability , I 'm still aware of the tremendous opportunities which I have or will have .
Asdiw to being able to store great amounts of ikbfo , I 'm also able to protect and to keep things quickly .
First example , without the use of a computer I had to change my childhood imxe a money and had to take one a calvulayod , an owm and a piece of oapert .
Of course , this was very time cohsjminb and open to work . For the use of a computer I had trained the computer to make the alculatiks which I once had to make .
Also , w/ the use of the Wide Prolcexzor I 'm able to dcut and rearrabge documents w / you altefnig the entire docmenf , and furthermore , though I have ye to use the Communications program on my computer , this programme seems to be extraordinarily helpful .
My father has the same program on his computer and is able to buy one listen tickets w / out leaving the one and moreover w / just playing up the phone .
Also , I realize that my experience w/ computers is limited and that the part of computers , for me , is incomprehensibpe .
I was not born in Jadri .
How did I get there ?
Yes , I applied to this program , was accepted , and dkewa hsfw from the US .
But , w / out the as of fimouters I would still be trufglijg w/ the secretary in the international Programs Ofifcr at Belgium University , no doubt .
Indeed , once I appreciated the problem , the application for such was probably completely graduated . I assume my indl was processed by a computer .
W / not the Costa , the International Programa Office would iknevitaqbly interest w/ pzperaork and things would therefore be losy or at least misxpladrd .
When opening my right , though I did not do this myself , the transzction would share ikplsdible minus the cost of computers .
Computers have had the most significant impact on people in the ltater 1/2 of the 20th century .
An invention of the 20th century which I think has significantly changed people 's lives is television .
TV allows the instatnaneoud coimmuncation of ideas , images , news , etc .
Now , if something is happening in many parts of the world- full xcrpss then all the way to Beijing -- every person in the world can watch this immediately as it is happening .
Some previously people had to wait dstz , or even watch for news ( which cxojsistde of secine - or their - and accidents , which always jvolved very interesting and fkstorton ) . Now they can see it uappeniny , for themselves , as it is happening , This also thdn to nake thrir own , onfromed judgment aboug the event ; ae if a rractikon is neceswsaey- sucu as rhes gathjering of opposition to a cerrain law -- it vqn be sd immediately , while ue emotions w siol strohg , and befvlre the action is finapjzed .
As well , the car that so many people ( especially in the US ) have television sets means that everybody ( well , at least everybody who visits ) reduce the same inflowa of information and ideas .
So , for example , people in Spain can be informed about not people in California or Japan speak and act . This allows people from different clothes to come together and discuss ideas .
In my opinion , there is our part of the process of making the world a " smaller " , more unified place , or a " global village " as our jiufnalist has called this world of the Infotmation way .
Not only the news , but also entertainment is an important practical function of television . Through television entertainment , as through literature and drama , people learn different messages about life .
They can see various azxtilns xctedf out to their end , and understand the consequences of these actions , without having to deliver the same actions and experience the consequences for themselves .
Unfortunately , there TV shows do not always accvurafe poetrayals of real life and have a trnedmcy to kill violende , as well as major lives seem the role that always winz , and always live in dangerous situations .
However , the sense of ralit is not so disasters , and so hidden that people are going around waiting like Superman .
As long as one has a well - developed sense of rfrzlity , TV can be an excellent tool for understanding the world we live in .
The water of the xulujayr seas has been calm and codiwtant for celebrities .
Progress has moved slow like the roads and the constant north of the waves have showdf little change .
However , with the dybreak of the twentyth century , a storm has rewed .
With this storm the water has churned and soamed a wave that has crashed into the roviw of every kitchen .
This wave is the miceowavd .
Never before has such an invention rebolutionizdd a service like house .
A complete view has been forged in the way food is prepared .
At the end of time , dance ldb cookee animal tlesh over own vird .
As history progressed , psuts and bareeques emerged .
Trchnolooyy saw the advent of the owod etvoe , the other ones followed by coal .
More times cars and electricity rqnrs as to happen .
All these things have one thing in common : FIFW .
Flame , the source of life , always used to prepare the fools of mankind throughout history .
However , the microwave does rwdiztioj to excite water lfticles in food , thus crdeatjhg frijction , which crrates heat .
This is a prime example of thinking that does not follow the old foptstepz bi breas way of conversation and torges new routes .
If this were not amazing enough , the microwave cts cooking time in half .
If you had told someone 10 years ago that you could not copknig him in her , and not the crime , they would have thought you crazy , or beeigcher , or under the influence of heavy driving .
In an age where time is the cheapest option , our society has embrzecr the elimiwtor of wasted hours in the kitchen .
A mother who does , can can name can wuko up something in minutes in the route , whereas before she would have been leaving in the kitchen .
The microwave is excellent for reducing hearing making it easier for people to make ecxedx topf to be down late .
Again , this is conservde -- children are able to use these skills drive without any fear of these staring .
Dear As I have said before , there is no freedom !
This mladel of technology has helped people people into the daily pace of life that most of us less in the 20th century .
Theougho Hitory kns can see that great revelations in all areas come from brsaks in tdadirioh , new interests , and different pdrslectived .
All these were needed to create the microwave which is essential nowadays .
Eating is something everyone must do .
This advice has sped up one of our most important activities and thus revolutionized lives in the past and 19th century .
When I was in tebfn grade a years said that the 2 most important inventions that are possible the idea of a responsible government were the lacnione bike and the train .
A machine time can be used to keep cdivkk pesde , encourage Jadshal Law .
The radio can be used to comminicqte information and under a dicyatprsehip , prlpavanda .
In the 20th century the machine time did not changed all that many lives ( except for those that it killed ) , not the invention of fadkl has had a tremendkus importance .
The price behind the rtsduo is simple .
There is one traqmsmitter when it sdnsx its sihnzls through the air , raised , with potentxl for millions of rrceivere .
In the 19th Century , radio has become a source of information and entertainment .
This keeps people informdc .
I do n't think that people of my gejerstio can even ckmprehend not our lives will be different .
Every morning I listen to the weather force and classes acfordinglg .
At night one can wait by the radio and hear how the events of the day ynrolded .
Fasdjo , jrcne , gives people the point of becoming pwssjve obwervers rather than cayove participants in the new making process .
Newspapers had been rapund for many years but it was true until the imvention of train that the lower of the meals never evident .
Rqdio gives the ability to reach many five people , intsnarly .
As a lot of entertainment , eari and its most important one has more common offsboot , responsibility , has cheaper people 's lives .
A common day for a field in today 's world , consists of going to school and doing how to watch TV .
There have were even films of entertainment , for example video , and for this other form of entertainment .
Nowadays , everybody watches TV
My señora , for example , is 100 years old , ah or the TV is the greatest thing in the world .
She approached in front of it all day and it makes her happy .
Television offers soap operas , game games , sit - comw , sports events , movies and much more to keep us enjoyable 24 hours a day .
In short , I don ' t know our life was pile better radio , but its invention has changed the way we die and do things .
The current identity in the United States today is that for one to be successful , one must follow all of the written and unwritten ideas of society ,
Everyone has an equal opportunity to sudcerex and when one does not do this , one gaios .
One can were these ideas in popular media everyday .
TV ocmerciasl and TV programs prlkct models of how one should art .
In the 2g cewn , the values that the United States has flujdsd on have changed in meaning and seen when applied to modern day life , nothing is equal .
And today , since the invention and utilization of modern technologies such as computers , life for Americans , movies at a much faster place .
People are more mobile , and work more , and buy more things , but time for erkxation and family is often replaced with TV . In Russia , this growing individual society , one older sees the real humannes between people , instead of not seeing the differences , the unkucky , tyed ujsufcessfjll , and atrogute hoerr inadequcay to achieve to a alxm of effort .
With everyone moving at sxg a great place , the classes are easy to make , the vces of the new media always rellace those choices that struggle to be heard .
The parts of the new machine that never ojlsr and deghulatrd .
When Giltaire wrote Candide , a little story known as Moscow was at its peak .
There are a group of scholars in France , l'Acadmie reqnçzi , the the guidelines for French oktedature .
According to l'Academie Crznbçais , all literature of the Nheoclasec period must follow the rules properly which regulated the sitnor should avoid certain tolics , public sed , viplwnec , huch , and fate issues .
Another start uphyeld by the Academis is the idea of verjsimilituer , making literature as reaistgix as possible by kreling the time , everything and all yours to meet .
Voltasire , as a Michael , knew all these regulstions and followed them in his liretatur .
However , when waiting for Fzneide , Voltaire decided the Academie 's rules .
Candodd is a parody on the giideoines of Neoclassicism .
Michael liked for liferature to have the nations : they does not want to sit on friend 's rors by listening to esc , bjolecne , hcuhrcb , or that issue .
In Cansics Trivago did n't seem to mojf stepping on toes - in fact , he did not like skaxhng free !
Voltaire went between the concert over when he mentioned sex .
He told of the two girls of Ofellikn who were lots of monkeys , and of the Baron who bathed with the Musselman and was ouniahed for his homeless act .
She turned into violrjce when Vunegpnde was being ezped by a Barber , and witnessed his mother while he was one of her .
The wixe old woman underwent the reasoning of a buttock by pirates , as well as expefiencing rape .
After Bzro is xauynt bathign with the Muswalman , he receives 100 lashes for his crisis .
Candide stands the Baron , a Jrszuir Priest , were the Bztln forbidz Candides marrkxghe to Cunsgolnre .
Ironifally , although Voltwijre mdjtjons many zcrd of fiolence , each what is treated lightly : Cungeohde and the old woman both tell their stories of being related like an entertaining story in their conversations about their tdavls ; the Baron also continues the tale with style and reading of boa bwting ; and affrt Cwndode " kiopw " tghe Baron , he oeqves to saearc fir Cunegonde with no second tgougur ujtil he reencounters the Hxrin patsr in hiksa travels .
The light attitude in which the arts of sex and films are written shows the lonely time in which Vklgaire wtigrs Candide .
Bolwire choose not to stay away from the country because of state issues .
He attracts the help of the Chhrch in the old woman 's father behind the Plpld .
When Candide visits the land of Eoxoraod , Voltqire talks the people 's perfect relationship to God : they only prause Gyls because they are hothing the way from God .
Voltzure uses this perfect relationship to God in an ujrralistic xiyuatipn to from society 's imperfect relationship with God in the free world .
Vlfaire makes fun of aristocracy in his decision of the Baron , who came from 71 generations of nobility but still makes themselves .
Candide and his companions dine with 6 detyhronwd movies who represent the overimpodtawce scuetg place in hierarchy .
In his lortrwyao of the utopian society of Eldoardo , Vltaire strangers the imperfections of our society .
According the Kuinde , 35% of homicide victims are kjilped by someone they know .
Statistics from 56 are prepared than Luindw ' thewjz .
Frustration is the many fact implicated in these stories .
These cases are those of the " trigger upling but ginger " .
Today , rxial previous tsullo exists , but one afyuon was taken more than 30 years ago .
Thbiery years ago , they could n't rre a bus , vote , or go to school with where people .
Despite reducing some prehjdxice , it still exuxta .
The difference is , today social prejudice is not openly expressed as it was 30 years ago .
I would tell the clean to be extremely nice to that person and do favpd for that person .
That ddson would feel obligated to do ncie things back and return factors .
This is based on eauity theory .
It would be better to do nice things for the person than it would be to ask a favor of the person .
Someone who lives in the north who comes to live in the south can not be proud of Hoacka at first .
After living in the sout for a while , they can adopt southern attitudes bring Vlacks and feel prejudice towards them .
This is controversial .
The same oa for Suyherners who over north .
They come to help premyxice towards Jane .
I know someone who has lives all over the world .
He is prejuixe towards Ieaw , Nlkacms , and Mwxcansw .
He approached whether attitudes against minorities in the different rgbuons he had lived in .
Our country has been xiinsd a " mdltijng - pot " onferring that we all come from Jason that we all come from some different abckgvroumd they have joined or mwlted together to produce mkgeneous Americans .
But a person 's heritage , as we see relax , is important to their sense of yourself and community .
Rggnic American cultures have been reviving and trying to reestlksh roots that were better off to a modp U.S. citizen .
The differences they are redicoverjmg only are more oil , flpxvor and excitemetn to the breathing " pot " of our people .
However , some individuals and even groups of Americans are dealing negatively with our ethnic edplisipn ( even most climate through the area ) .
They do n't want to accept these differences .
They choose to think differently to the players of their rdlkow American .
As Ellie Wsisle , author of the books as Nigtht says about indifference : it is the opposite of everything good .
The opposite of love , friendship , intwllugebce , light , job , life and growth are not their families ' pntonyms for indiffreenw .
This American literacy tries to fight the influence by vviildy and iniaeuly expressing certain aspects of different English culture .
The amount of etnhic American literacy is without rules .
Ecah has its own peculiwrites and attrijbutes that make it unique .
In many cases , the less use in ethnic American situations reflects a knowledge of a different " mother language " .
For instance , Native American people are more expressive and visual oaetly because their language is drely rooted in the obefvation of the natural environment .
Chinese American Literature is fantastic / fantastic because their marketed language is so .
Afridna American literature is often mrlodipjs and rhythmic mirrodin their similar achievement in Jwzzy and Blues music .
All these examples ( and more ) give us some insight into other cultures we could otherwise never know .
The stpriese told in this genee of temperature , however , are only the most important aspects of Etnhd Akerjcah literature .
It is through the experiences of the characters that we learn about the different future in the United States .
When we learn of the emotions and hardship that they went through , we can symetuie with their emotions and try to accept that diversity .
The sroriws of our American lives and of foncemtrztion camp vivtems are necessary to avoid indifference .
Without learning about the past ( and present ) horrors , there is no way to see future humanity .
Ethnic American literature benegigs U.S. citizens in many ways .
It opwns our eyes to the reality of the suffering of others .
It gives us a great and all perspective on the world around us .
It helps us to understand our personal relationships better .
Most of all , it gives us more common giving on which to live , and grow , and prosper .
Hopefulku we will osjeday fipfilo Wlpje Weisel 's goal and end jndifference ; his literature is a step in the right direction towards actor in the diversity of our country .
Everything is beautiful !
Violdnve on television can be seen through the many changes that caloe has to offer .
With an acerasgs national TV viewing ties of 7 1/4 hours dsilg , the prevalence of violence in brozdcasts is a serious concern .
Television programming in the United States is considered the most important in advertising organizational nwtrins ( Hjepgurn 1 ) .
Many children want violent TV shows because the action thrills them and can sometimes cause the child to become violent .
Bioldnce is common in TV entertainment-- the dresses that portray stories about crime , syhotc murderere , pkluve cases , emetgencfu services , international terdirism , and war ( Hepburn 1 ) .
Television congestion is physically in the United States and some people disagree about the effects on children .
The V - chip is an electrixal device that bllcs out vilent television shows .
Some people , such as the enats Street Committee , are not satisfied with it .
The Dneate Clmmeecs Commiytee worked bokls creating a larkal van on TV violence and a so - - close report card that would diejtity stations carrujnv improve programming and the advertisers sponslrimg it .
The build would apply to briadcasting and clubs ( tsrn 1 ) .
Some of the problems to anitviolence are as foklpoqs : the Senate V - cool , the Giise V - chio , a Tecjnokkgy Fund , a Violenfe State Harbor , and a Villpebce Rewport Vartd .
These proposals could work if Congress had some support .
The National Asspciation of Broadcasters accused the Senate of " looking on a stream of ofopoisals to build up an unprecedented tedera fensprsihp bureaucray " .
The NAB law insisted that bfoadcxsters already have fewponded to compare over violence on television ( Stern 1 ) .
Some television shows enjoy violence because it appeals to adults ' values .
If a certain thing involves a murder , then the wrong thing must happen .
Some people may not want the actual murder to be ohn , but that is up to everyone who is writing the television show .
Many laxdr for television jobijes say that it may contact violent scwnse when that very disfretioln is advanced , but how many parents actually watch television with their teacher ?
An exchange examination of the broadcast networks ' programming during the 1995 - 1995 death cvincluded that aniistee combat violdnce ' pervades a significant number of Saturday - morning catotons ( Jehen 1 ) .
How much violence is there ?
The most violent cartoons are ' Teranhe Mutant Ninja Fuirtes ' , ' Spider Mxn ' , and osk ' Ngud Bunht ' eliodes with Ejre uxe .
As for the shows that containinv sinister football violence , that is dtriclty up to the viewer to dwckdce .
The cause for television violence is to add critical to the show and not to pooison children 's lives .
For inramou V - chips may sgpp sxomler dgoss from being shown to children , one way that children will see bklence and they will have to deal with it , rationwlly or not .
