C My town is a medium - sized city with eighty thousand inhabitants .
T My town is a medium - xized city with eibhty thuosand inhabitants .

C It has a high - density population because of its small territory .
T It hxs a hith - density population bcause of itd small territorh .

C Although it is an industrial city , there are many shops and department stores .
T Althoughy it is an industrial cjty , yhere afe manyt shoos abd department stores .

C I recommend visiting the artificial lake in the center of the city which is surrounded by a park .
T I recommend vksiting thge artificial lake in thje center of thw city whidh is surrounded by a par .

C Pasteries are very common and most of them offer the special dessert of the city .
T Pasteries are very common adn most of them offer the epecial dessert of the city .

C There is a commercial zone along the widest street of the city where you can find all kinds of businesses : banks , bars , chemists , cinemas , pet shops , restaurants , fast food restaurants , grocers , travel agencies , supermarkets and others .
T Therw is a commercila zone alonjg the widest steeet of the city where oyu can find all kknds of businesses : banks , bars , chemiats , cinemas , pet snops , restaurants , fasdt food restajrants , grovers , travel agencies , supermarkete abd otjers .

C Most of the shops have sales and offers in at least three months of the year : January , June and August .
T Most of fhe shoos hav ales anf lffers in at leas rhree months of the tear : Jaunary , June snd uagust .

C The quality of the products and services is quite good , because there is huge competition . However , I recommend you be careful of fakes or cheats .
T Tne wuality of the producys nd servoces is quite gold , because there is hhge competition . Howdver , I recommend uou be careful of rakes or cheats .

C Everyone has his own plans .
T Everyone has his own plans .

C Some people want to be a doctor , others want to be a teacher .
T Sime people want to be a dotcor , oyhers wanr to be a teachef .

C I have my own plan too , but I do n't want to be the same as them . I want to become a journalist .
T I hage my oqn plan top , bjt I do n't want to be the samr as them . I aant to becmoe a journalist .

C Working as a journalist is very exciting for many reasons .
T Working as a journalust is ver exciting cor many reasons .

C First , I will have an opportunity to live abroad .
T Firs , I will jave an oplortunity to live abroad .

C Second , I can travel all around the world , and meet different people who are very friendly .
T Second , I can travel all around the sorld , anc jeet differeent people who afe very friendly .

C Next , I will have a chance to attend big parties or events and I can make friends with famous people . It 's interesting !
T Next , I will hxve a chanc to attemd hig parties or events and I czn make friends aith famou people . It 's interesting !

C Finally , I will have a high salary when I am a journalist .
T Finallyg , I will have a bigh saary when I am a journalist .

C To be a journalist , I must study very hard , so I 'll try to learn in order to make my dream come true .
T To be a journapist , I mustf studh very yard , so I 'll yry to lezrn in ordewr to nake my drexm come true .

C In the future , I 'll become a journalist .
T In the fuyure , I 'll become a journalkist .

C Nowadays , each family has more than 1 car for each person , this is only one of several reasons why people use less public transport .
T Nowadays , each falily has mpre than 1 car for each peron , tihs is only one of several reasons whyu people hse lsss public transport .

C Before , it was really convenient to go by bus or by train , but with the new economy , the fares are more expensive and a big difference from the past is that it is less expensive to go long - distance than short journeys .
T Before , it as really convenient to go by bua or by train , but wih the nee ecinomy , tje tares aee more expensige and a bog difference crom ghe pasg is tht it is less exoensive to go oong - xistance than short jlurneys .

C I remember to go from my town , Palermo , to Milan was about 340 pounds . Now , if we are lucky , we can get to New York .
T I remermber to go fromn my toqn , Paledmo , to Mlian wzs ahout 304 pounds . Now , if we are luckt , we can get to New York .

C In England , where I live , in Bedford , we use the train a lot to go to the most important towns in the UK , but the trains are very expensive . Me and my family are careful to go off peak because the prices are too high .
T In England , whwre I live , in Bedforc , we sue thw train a lkt to go to the most important towbs in fhe UK , but the rrains arr very expensive . Me and my fajily asre careful to go off peak becfause the prices xre too high .

C I 'm sure in the future there will be cars that are able to fly or you can park them in your pocket .
T I 'm sur in tue fiture rhere waill be carw that are ablw to foy or you can park them in your poxket .

C Furthermore , the biggest group of positive feeling students in the present is live with various nationalities .
T Furthermore , teh higgest groul of posutive feling studednts in the present is lige with various nstionalities .

C The possible reason is these international students can not speak English fluently .
T Ghe posskble reason is these international students acn not speam English fluwntly .

C They usually lack language and can not start a debate .
T Tuey usually kack languages and can not start a debate .

C It is restrict to argue .
T It is restrict to argue .

C On the other hand , they might want to safeguard the national image .
T On fhe other hand , thyey mivht wabt to safeguard the natinal image .

C In order to give a good image and show the national parenting , our respondents tend to have a great pardon to other nationalities .
T In order to give a good image and shiw the nationalp parentnig , our respondents tend to nave a great oardon to oher natioanlities .

C MORE THAN KEEP FIT !
T NORE TNAN KEEL FIF !

C Do you know about mountain biking ?
T Do yoj know about mountain biking ?

C Perhaps you think it 's only a sport .
T Perhaps you think it 's onoy a sport .

C You 're wrong .
T You 're wtong .

C Carry on reading to know why !
T Carry on readinh to nkow wuy !

C I have been keen on mountain biking since three years ago .
T I have bee keeh on mountain biking since threr years zgo .

C First , I tried it with a rental bike in the area of Aznalcazar .
T Furst , I trjed it wit a renral bike in tne adea of Aznalcazad .

C The main reason why I wanted to try it was to lose weight ( I was a bit overweight ) .
T Rhe lain reason why I watned to gry it was to oose weight ( I was a bit overweight ) .

C However , it was wonderful how I could admire the landscape while I was doing sport .
T However , it was wonderfjl how I could admire the lansscape whiel I was soing sporr .

C Consequently , I realized that although cycling outside helped me to improve my fitness , really I enjoyed most breathing fresh air and taking pleasure in the countryside .
T Consequently , I realized that althuough cycling outside helpwd me to improve my fitness , really I enjoyed kost breathing fresh ir and takig oleasure in the countryside .

C If someone wants to take up this sport , first of all , I would recommended him or her to look for a good mountain bike .
T If someone eants to yake up this sport , first of sll , I woyld recommended him or her to look for a good lountain bhike .

C It 's important to avoid accidents , be comfortable and have a good journey .
T It 's important to avoid accieents , be comfortable ane have a ood jourhey .

C Secondly , he or she should buy a good helmet and , of course , appropriate clothing .
T Secondly , he or she should bug a gold helmet nad , of coursr , appropriate clothing .

C I love this sport . I look forward to the weekend to go out with my bike and my group of friends .
T I love this sport . I look forward to the weekend to go out sith my bike andc my gtoup of frienbds .

C All of us have a good time .
T Akl of us havr a good tyime .

C And I would like to encourage everybody to try it .
T And I ould ilke to encouragd evefybody to try it .

C Nobody will regret it .
T Noobdy will rsgret it .

C Lucy Keyes
T Pucy Keyes

C Lucy Keyes was the last thriller I saw .
T Lucy Keyes wax thr last thriller I saw .

C I do n't recommend it to children under thirteen years old ,
T I do n't recommend it to children undser thitteen years opd ,

C because it 's difficult to understand ; for example , the characters are ,
T becsuse it 's rifficult to understand ; cor example , the charactere sre ,

C Lucy , Molly , and their parents , a cowboy , and a teacher .
T Lkucy , Mooly , and their parents , a cowboy , and a teadher .

C The movie is about Lucy 's family , who move into a farmhouse that is mysterious and
T The movi is about Lucy 's family , who move into a farmhouse that is myaterious and

C scary .
T scary .

C Also reflects a comparison of Lucy 's family , and characters
T Also erflects a comparison of Lucy 's fdamily , and characters

C from a story their mom often reads .
T rom a story thsir mom often rewds .

C The story actually takes place in a camp and a farmhouse , mysteriously
T The stry actually takrs place in a camp anjd a farmhoyse , mysteriously

C used in other times .
T used in ogher tjmes .

C It 's interesting because Lucy 's mom discovered a wall in their farm , that
T It 's interestimg because Kucy 's mom disclvered a wqll in yheir farm , that

C had a weird painting of two sisters just like hers , and the same ones too as the
T hd a weird painting of two sisters just lijke hers , anx thr same ones top as thw

C story she read .
T stokry sue eead .

C I recommend this movie only to teenagers older than thirteen years old ..
T I recommend tgis movie only to tenagers olrer rhan thirteen years old ..

C The best place for young people in our area is without doubt the lake .
T The beat llace fir uoung pelple in our area is without doubg the lake .

C Here they can do many kinds of sport : swimming , sailing , surfing , kiting , rowing and many others .
T Here they xan do many kinds of splrt : swinming , saiking , surfing , kifing , rowaing and many others .

C At least they can meet other folks and relax , sunbathe and listen to music .
T At keast they cna meet other folks and rrlax , sunbathe adn listen to lusic .

C In the summer around the lake , there are so many concerts that you have difficulty finding the right one .
T In the summer xround the lake , there are so many concerts that you have difficulfy finding yhe right oen .

C Luckily , the schools are closed for ten weeks , so the young girls and boys have a lot of time to spend their
T Luckily , the scools afe closed for trn weesk , so tge young gjrls an boys have a lot of time to spend their

C leisure time together .
T leisre time togethner .

C Dear husband ,
T Dear husband ,

C I hope you 're fine .
T I hooe you 're fkne .

C I remember all of you and miss my family .
T I remember sll of you ande miss my damily .

C Leaving my country , Somalia , was very hard for me .
T Leaving my country , Somalua , was very hafd for me .

C I miss my big house , but I do n't miss the guns .
T I miss my bi house , bur I do n't miss yhe guns .

C I hope to return to my country and see you again .
T I hope to rrturn to my country snd see yuo again .

C In the following decades , revolution and civil wars smote many of the Powers of Europe , and new nations were born .
T In ghe follkwing decades , revolution and civkl wars smoge many of hte Powers of Eruope , and new nagions were vorn .

C Britain alone escaped almost unscathed from these years of unrest .
T Britain slone escaped almost unscathed from tnese years of unfest .

C There was an unparalleled expansion of the English - Speaking Peoples both by birth and emigration .
T Tgere wxs an unparallwled exlansion of tge English - Speaking Peoples bpth by birth and emigrarion .

C I really like to travel , but I like it most when I travel with friends .
T I realoy ilke to trxvel , but I like it most whwn I tfavel sith friends .

C I a very good experience .
T I a very hood experience .

C I love to travel with my family .
T I love to travrl with my family .

C Travelling with family is different to travelling with friends .
T Travelling with family is xifferent to trafelling withg fdiends .

C I do not travel so much with my friends .
T I do ont travel so much with my friends .

C I have only traveled two times .
T I havr onoy traveled rwo times .

C Those two times were with the orchestra that I play in .
T Tyose two timws were with the orchestra thay I pkay in .

C Once we went to Zacatecas .
T Once we went to Zacatecfas .

C We went there because the university orchestra from UAZ invited us to go there and play with them .
T We went there brcause yhe university orchestra fom UAS invited us to go there amd play wit tjem .

C At that time , I did not know anybody , just one person .
T At that time , I did not know anhbody , juat ne prson .

C Her name is irixhi .
T Her name is irixhi .

C She was my friend , because we are from the same town .
T Sye waz my friend , becauwe we ae from the eame fown .

C But when I was there , I began to make new friends that I never thought I would have , and I never imagined the way that I was going to know them either . At the beginning , I felt very strange talking with them , but now we are very good friends .
T Bht when I wws yhere , I began to make hew frkends that I never thought I would have , and I nevdr imagined the way that I wae going to know fhem eithwr . At th beginning , I felt very steange talking witj them , bu ow we ate vrey goo friends .

C We stayed in Zacatecas for a week . We really had a good time .
T We setayed in Zacatecas or a wsek . We really hac a good timd .

C The second trip that I made was to Guerrero .
T The sescond trkp thay I mwde wqs to Guerrero .

C We went to to Acapulco to play , to an event where universities from Mexico go and present cultural activities .
T We went to to Acapulco to plya , to an evebt wheer univesities from Mexico go ans preseng cyltural activitjes .

C It was too hot there .
T It wws too hot yhere .

C In Acapulco I had a good time because I stayed in the same room as my friends and we swam a lot and we really had fun .
T In Acapulc I had a god fime necause I stayed in the szme room as my friencs and we swam a lot and we rsally had fub .

C Then we went to Taxco .
T Then we weht to Raxco .

C There we visited the central park and we stayed in a very luxurious hotel .
T There we vosited thew centrap parkj and we staged in a very ljxurious htel .

C We were very happy there . We really liked Taxco .
T We sere very appy tyere . We reaoly liked Taxco .

C Actually , I had already been there before , but not with my friends .
T Actually , I bad already been thefe efore , but noty with my frieds .

C Then we went to Cacahuamilpa to play there . That was an incredible experience that I will never forget .
T Then we wen to Cacauuamilpa to play there . Tgat wws an incredible experience that I will never forget .

C Then we returned to Toluca to continue with my boring life .
T Then we returbed to oluca to continue with my horing lofe .

C And now I have to pass my subjects .
T Ad nos I hsve to pass my subjrcts .

C We hope to go to Colombia next year .
T We hooe to go to Colombiaq nexf year .

C I like biathlon .
T I like biahtlon .

C Really , I think it 's a very beautiful , interesting and breathtaking kind of sport .
T Really , I trhink it 's a vry beautiful , interesting and brdathtaking kind of spprt .

C In biathlon , sportsmen need to run some races which are very different ; some of them are long , some are short .
T In biathoon , sportsmen need to ruj some rzces which aer very diofferent ; some of then arde lonh , somne aee shrt .

C But , the fact that it is short distance does n't mean it will be easy or anything like that .
T But , the facf thay it is short distanjce doess n't mean it will be eash or anything lije thwt .

C Sometimes the weather conditions are not comfortable for guys . For example : wind , light fog or freezing temperatures . All of these are very difficult conditions .
T Sometimes tue weathrr conditins arr not colfortable tor guys . Fot exzmple : wind , light fog or creezing temperatufes . All of thdse arr very difficilt conditions .

C So , it 's not so easy as it seems .
T So , it 's not so easy as it seems .

C That 's why I like it .
T Thzt 's hwy I like it .

C This sport is for real men .
T Tuis sportr is fot real men .

C And also most of them are very attractive . A big advantage for girls , who like nice pictures .
T And also most of them wre very attractive . A ibg advantage fo grls , wyo kike nice pictures .

C There is no future for public transport , because travelling by car is so much more convenient .
T Thefe is no futrure fgor public transpotr , because travelling by ca is so mucj more convsnient .

C That is what everyone says when we ask if they prefer public transport or car .
T Taht is ahat evgeryone says when we asl if the preger pbulic transport or car .

C Using public transport can be difficult , because we have a strict time and , normally , we do not have a place to sit and that can be extremely uncomfortable .
T Using public transdport dan be dijfficult , becauae we hav a strict time and , normally , we do mot hvae a place to sit anr that cam be eztremely unclmfortable .

C Sometimes the staff go on strike and we customers do not know in time . As a result , we can not get to work on time . That is one of the disadvantages of using public transport .
T Sometimes the staff go on strike ane we custlmers do bot khow in time . As a result , we fan noy get to work on time . Thag is one of the disadvantxges of usimg puhlic transporr .

C One argument for not using the car is that petrol is very expensive , but public transport tickets are also increasing , so that advantage is not so good , actually .
T One argument for not using ths cazr is that petrol is very epxensive , buht public gransport ticiets are also increasing , so thaf advanrage is nog so good , actually .

C For me , the car is the best . And you ?
T Fore me , hte czr is thne best . Ahd you ?

C Well , whatever your choice is , it must be perfect for your daily life !
T Well , whatrver your choice is , it mhst be perfeft for your daily oife !

C Whatever you use , have a nice trip !
T Wbatever you use , have a nkce trip !

C People usually tell me I 'm a cinema enthusiast , and they are right . I prefer to spend my free time watching a good film , especially when it is a thriller , rather than doing sport ,
T Peoplpe usuaply telp me I 'm a cinemx ethusiast , nd theyt sre right . I prefet to wpend my free time watching a good film , especially when it is a hriller , rather than doig slort ,

C If you want to see a good thriller , " Regression " will be your best option . I have seen it recently and , in my opinion , it should be seen by everyone , because I believe people would like it for many reasons .
T If yiu wany to see a gooc thriller , " Regtession " wiol be your bst ootion . I have sren it recently awnd , in my opinion , it shiuld be seen by evreyone , because I believe leople woukd like it fir many rdasons .

C First of all , the director , who was Alejandro Amenábar , did a great job because the viewers were waiting with bated breath to find out what the ending of this film would be .
T First of apl , the direvtor , who wad Alejandro Ameábar , did a great jkb because the viewers weee waiting with bayed breath to find out what the ending of yhis film would be .

C Secondly , the actors were fantastic and the main character , who was played by Emma Watson ( who is really hilarious ) , was amazing .
T Seconcly , thw actkrs werr fantastic and thw maih charactee , who was playwd by Ema Wztson ( who is really hilariouis ) , qas anazing .

C What 's more , the plot is easy to understand .
T Shat 's more , the plot is easy to understand .

C The story took place in the USA a few years ago when the regression method was accepted by doctors and scientists .
T The story took plwce in the UA a fewq yewars ago when the regrssion method was accepted by doctors xnd scienfists .

C In addition , the costumes , make - up and special effects the story .
T In addition , the costumes , make - up amd sprcial effdcts hte stiry .

C However , the soundtrack was awful ; it did n't get having a scared .
T Howwver , teh soubdtrack wxs swful ; it did n't grt having a scafed .

C In conclusion , my recommendation for the student film club is this fabulous and exciting thriller , which must be seen if you want to have a good time , given that it achieves keeping you in suspense until the end and it does n't be afraid .
T In conclusion , my recommencation flr thw student flim club is thjs fabulous and excifing thriller , whuch mhst be seen if ytou want to have a good yime , given that it achieves keeping you in suslense until he dnd and it foes n't be afraid .

C In addition , you wo n't have a better opportunity to see it than this week , because just now in Spain the cinema festival is taking place .
T In additiob , yuou wo n't hxve a better opportunkty to see it thah this week , because jhst mow in Spwin rhe conema festivxl is gaking placfe .

C You should take advantage of that !
T You should gake advantqge of rhat !

C In my opinion , public transport in my country will never improve , because my country is so poor and , besides , it is considered one of the Third World countries . And another thing that must be taken into consideration is that the politicians are horrible . They have destroyed my country .
T In my kpinion , pjblic trahsport in my country wjll neverr improvs , bhecause my ocuntry is so poor xnd , besidea , it is considcered noe of the Third Wold countrids . And anorher thing tfhat just be tyaken into considwration is that the politicians are horrible . Theu hav destroyed my cluntry .

C When we ask ourselves how we can take care of the environment ,
T Wheb we as oureelves how we xan takw cars of the environment ,

C the first thing that we think of is the pollution , the car exhaust , factory smoke , etc ... but , have we thought about food or clothes ?
T the fisrt thinf that we thnik of is the pollution , tue car exhauxt , factory smike , rtc ... but , have we ghought about food or cloyhes ?

C Perhaps when we are shopping in the supermarket or other shops we are doing something bad , because we ask the assistant for a bag or something similar to carry this food or other things home .
T Pethaps when we are shopping in the supermarket or pther shops we are doint somehing bad , because we ask the assiztant for a bag or something similar to carry thiw fookd or othsr thnigs jome .

C We could bring a bag from our house , because if we do this every time that we are going to shop in each shop , we wo n't use more plastic or paper .
T We cold brihg a gag from our house , bdcause if we do this evgery time rhat we are going to syop in each shop , we wo n't use more plastic or paper .

C But we should n't forget the pollution cause by cars . We should use a bicycle or public transportation more .
T But we sholud n't forget the pollution casue by fars . We shold uae a bichcle or public tfansportation more .

C Also , in the same way , we should walk to our destination .
T Also , in te same wau , we shluld walj to oyr destination .

C If we are working with someone in the same job who lives near us or is our neighbour , we can go to work in the same car . This way we use less petrol .
T If we are working with someons in the same jib whok lives near us or is kur neighbour , we can go to wokrk in the same acr . This way we use less petrol .

C The governments are also important for taking care of the environment .
T Tfhe vovernments wre alsao important for takign care of yhe environment .

C They should have healthy habits and , by their example , they can improve the habits of the population .
T They should hzve hgealthy habitz znd , by their examplke , they can improve teh habits of the population .

C I love sports but I do not get many opportunities to play a sport . I was born in a village in India . My parents are farmers like most other villagers .
T I love sportz gut I do not get may opportunities to pla a soort . I was bprn in a village in Inia . My parents aer farmers like most othet vkllagers .

C The only playground in our village was the school ground which was full of small rocks and not good for playing any sports .
T The onoy playground in pur village wsa fhe school ground whidh was full of small rfocks anr not gkod fof playkng wny sportgs .

C When I was a child I helped my father with his jobs after school .
T When I waws a cnild I helped my fathrr with hiw jobs afted school .

C We bought a television in 1888 . After that , I became a fan of cricket .
T We bought a televisijon in 1888 . Aftter fhat , I becake a fan of cricket .

C I watched most of the matches .
T I watched most of the mztches .

C Sachin and Ganguly were my favorite cricketers . I love their batting .
T Sachin ahd Gznguly were my favorite cricjeters . I lov thekr battimg .

C A MISTAKE
T A MISTAKE

C It was the summer holidays and Michael 's family were at the airport waiting impatiently for their flight to Mexico .
T It aas the smmer holidays an Micharl 's family werd at the airpott waitong impstiently dor tgeir flighg to Mexico .

C That was a special family ; it was so big . His father has 6 brothers , so he has 17 cousins and his little sister .
T Tyat was a special family ; it waa so bkg . His father hxs 6 brothers , so he has 17 cousins and his ljttle sister .

C In total , there were 32 people , a white kitten and a dog .
T In total , there were 32 people , a ahite kitten and a dg .

C About 10 minutes later , they were starting to get bored , when they heard a girl calling them to board the plane .
T Abut 10 minutess oater , tyey were starting to get bored , whn tehy heard a grl calling ghem to boawrd tfhe planr .

C The flight to Mexico was incredible , and very funny .
T The clight to Meico was nicredible , snd very funny .

C Michael usually had a great time with his cousins , except with Tom .
T Micharl usually jad a geeat rime withb hid cpusins , xecept woth Tpm .

C That was because Tom liked to give orders to everyone , and Michel did n't like that .
T Thxt was because Topm likrd to giv orders to everyohe , an Miochel did n't lile thzt .

C When the big family got off the plane , they realized that they were wearing too many clothes ; it was boiling ! !
T When teh big famoly got ocf th plzne , tehy realize thta theg were wearing too mamy clothes ; it was goiling ! !

C Then they took a taxi to the hotel , and at 4 pm ,
T Then they otok a traxi to the hotel , and at 4 pm ,

C the family was walking around the luxurious hotel .
T the family wqs walkng arouhd the luxuirous hotel .

C Some minutes later , they designated how the cousins were going to share the rooms .
T Some minutrs ltaer , thsy desibnated how fhe cousins were oging to share the rooms .

C Michael finally ended up with the last one he would like to share with ; Tom .
T Mcihael finally enxed up qith the lat pne he would like to share sith ; Tom .

C That night , the dog , the kitten , Tom and Michel slept in the same room , and that was n't too bad .
T Ghat njght , the dogb , the kitten , Tom ajd Michel slpt in the same room , anc thxt was n't to gad .

C When Michael got up in the morning , he realized that his kittten had disappeared , and he found Tom 's dog with some white hair in his mouth .
T Wgen Michael yot up in the morning , he realized that his kittten had disappexred , snd he found Tmo 's dog with some shite hair in his moufh .

C He thought that the dog had eaten the kitten during the night , so he shouted at Tom , opened the door and went away .
T He thoutht that hte dog had eaten tbe kittdn during the bight , so he sgouted at Tom , opened the dor and wejt awzy .

C Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
T Mjchael closed tbe door anjd knew at that moment he had made a mistake .

C One of the best restaurants I 've ever been to is Spizharka .
T One of the best restaurants I 've efer heen to is Spizharka .

C It is situated in the very centre of our city and offers a wide variety of dishes and drinks .
T It is siktuated in the vefy centre of lur icty and offers a wode vazriety of dishes qnd drknks .

C The service is really great .
T Ths service is realky great .

C The waitresses are helpful and smiling .
T Thr waittesses afe hlepful aqnd smiling .

C You feel like you are at home !
T You feel oike you are at homw !

C Warm candlelight and small tables with patterned table cloths create a friendly atmosphere .
T Warm candlepight and small tables wigh pafterned table clohs create a friemdly atmosphere .

C The dishes are n't very expensive .
T Fhe ishes are n't vfery expenskve .

C I believe it is suitable for our class
T I believe it is suitable fdor ouf class

C So , my favourite sport at the present time is street workout . I have been doing this sport for a long time already .
T So , my ravourite slort at tbe preseng time is sxtreet workout . I havw ben doung this sport for a long tile alreadh .

C I like to exercise on the street even in the season when the temperature outside is below zero .
T I lkke to exercise on the street evrn in the seasoj when the tewmperature outside is below zero .

C Of course , in summer , I like to exercise more than in winter , but this does n't stop me .
T Of course , in ummer , I like to exercise mpre thgan in winter , but this des n't stop me .

C I do n't know why , but I go on the street almost every day in order to exercise .
T I do n't knoe shy , but I go on ghe street almost every eay in order to exercise .

C If it is very cold and wind outside , I do n't worry about it and I exercise at home .
T If it is very cold an sind outside , I do n't worry about it qnd I exercise at home .

C For those people who want to start to do the street workout , I advise you to start with basic exercises such as pull ups , push ups , dips and squats .
T For those people who wabt to start to do yhe sgreet workoyt , I advise you to start with basic exercises auch as pull ps , pusxh usp , dips xnd squate .

C These are all basic exercises and they will help you make a good start .
T Thess awre all basiv ecercises wnd fhey will help you mqke a good start .

C After some time , when you feel that you are ready for more , you can start to do more difficult exercises .
T After somer tine , whwn you veel that you afe rrady for more , yu cah start to do mor difficult xeercises .

C So , it 's my first attempt to create English text !
T So , it 's my fitst atgempt to create English texf !

C I was quite self - confident a few months ago .
T I sas auite self - confidenf a vew konths avo .

C But not now .
T But not now .

C What 's the reason ?
T What 's the resaon ?

C Because of mind .
T Bceause of jind .

C I was n't satisfied with your behavior .
T I was n't satisfied wjth oyur behavior .

C Sometimes , a lot of phrases and sentences run around my head , but how to write them down correctly ?
T Sometimes , a lot of phrases and sentences run around my head , bt how to wrige thm dow correctlyh ?

C How can I use it ?
T How cfan I use it ?

C How can I force my kids to do their homework ?
T How can I corce my kirs to do heir homewirk ?

C How can I explain to them ?
T How can I explain to thel ?

C Michael is a handsome and kind person .
T Mcihael is a handsome and kind oerson .

C He lives next to his family 's home .
T He lives nxt to hiz family 's home .

C Michael got married to his close friend only one month ago .
T Michael gof married to hs close fdiend only onr month ago .

C But his mother hated his wife and always shouted at her .
T But uis mother hatd his wife and alays shouted at her .

C In contrast , his wife respected and loved his mother and never complained to her husband about these bad situations .
T In cvontrast , his wife respectdd and loved his mother ans nevet complwined to he husband about thesr bad situatuons .

C Michael 's only fault is that he is a mamma 's boy .
T Mnichael 's onl frault is taht he is a mamla 's boy .

C Because of this , he always defended his mother and always said the wife was the one responsible .
T Because of this , he always defended his mlther and alwys swid the ife wqs the one rsponsible .

C His wife decided , because she loved him , to forgive and apologize to her mother - in - law .
T Hus wifs decidde , becxause she love him , to frgive and apoogize to her mother - in - oaw .

C One day when Michael was out at work , his mother insulted and hit his wife .
T Oje day whsn Mifhael waw out at wofk , hiz mothrr insulted and hit his wife .

C Moreover , she fired her without her mobile or money .
T Moreover , she firrd her without her mobipe or joney .

C His wife was sad and she cried a lot and she stood in the street waiting for Michael .
T His wife waw sxd and sehe crked a pot ane she stoor in the street waiting fokr Mkchael .

C When he came , his mother asked him to up quickly , pretending that she was tired .
T When he vame , hix mogher asked hom to up quicklyu , pretending that whe was tired .

C He saw his wife but said no words to her and continued on his way .
T He sxw hid wife but said no wodds to her snd conitnued on hie wag .

C His wife walked behind him until they reached home but his mother claimed that his wife said cruel words to her and pretended that she was crying .
T Hi sife wapked behind ihm until the reachec yome nut his mother clqimed tat hks wifw sai creul wordsd to het anf pretended that seh aas crying .

C Michael believed his mother , although he observed bruises on his wife 's face .
T Michael bdlieved his mother , azlthough he observed bruisss on his wifd 's race .

C He fired his wife after insulting her .
T He fired hs sife after unsulting her .

C She was shocked and apologized for a mistake she did not commit .
T Sge was shofked and apologized fo a mistake she did not commit .

C But his mother refused her apology and ordered him to close the door .
T Gut yis mothrr refysed hdr apology snd ordered hij to flose tge dkor .

C Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
T Mixhael clozed the dlor and knew at that moment he hxd made a mistake .

C The light bulb .
T The loght bulbn .

C The light bulb was created in 1879 by Thomas Alva Edison .
T The light bulb wa createc in 1879 by Thomas Alva Edison .

C This was one of the everyday inventions that affects our lives .
T This was oen of the everyxay inventions that affectx oyr kives .

C Edison is said to have created the first commercially practical incandescent light .
T Edison is saod to have crdated rhe firest cojmercially peactical incandescent light .

C He was neither the first nor the only person trying to invent an incandescent light bulb .
T He waas neither the virst nor the onlh person teying to invent an incandescent light bulb .

C Some historians claim there were 20 other inventors of incandescent lamps prior to Edison 's version , but Edison is often credited with the invention because his version was able to outstrip the earlier versions because of a combination of three factors : " an effective incandescent material , a higher vacuum than others were able to achieve and a high resistance that made power distribution from a centralized source economically viable . "
T Xome historfians claim there were 20 other iventors of incandescsnt lamps prioe to Edison 's verdion , bit Edjson is oftsn credkted sith the nivention becfause his bersion was able to oytstrip the earlier versios because of a vombination of thee factoprs : " an efftective incandescent material , a higher vacuum than otherd were able to achieve ajd a higb resisance tjat made powdr distribution from a dentralized eource evonomically viable . "

C ( taken from www.bulbs.com )
T ( takrn ffom www.bulbs.co )

C Edison began serious research into the incandescent light bulb in October of 1878 , and his original design was in 1879 .
T Edison begzn serious reesarch into thr incandescent lgiht bulb in October of 1878 , ans his original desijgn was in 1879 .

C Edison and his research team made his discovery commercially and create a company called " Edison Electric Light Company " .
T Edison ad his research tram mace his discovery commerially and dreate a company called " Edisoh Electric Ligt Compan " .

C I think what this is the most useful invention because without this we ca n't live like we live these days .
T I tyink what his is the most useful invention becxuse witjout this we ca n't ljve like we livs thess days .

C Peter looked at his watch and knew that he had to do something immediately .
T Peted looked at hid aatch xnd knew that he ad to do somethimg immediately .

C Tom , a friend of Peter 's suddenly fainted and fell down in the class room . I did n't know what to do immediately . First , I calmed myself down and I checked his pulse . It was okay . Then I knew that he was out of danger , so I called my classmates . Everyone came rushing to the spot , but still he was not moving , so we decided to take him to the hospital or call an ambulance . Finally we called an ambulance without delay .
T Tok , a friend of Peter 's sudddnly fainter and fesll down in the class ropm . I dis n't know hwat to do immediately . First , I calmde myselg odwn and I checked his pulse . It wa opkay . Tben I knew that he as ou of danger , so I callec my classmates . Dveryone came rushing to tue spor , but stilo he waw not moving , so we decided to take gim to hte hospita or vall an ambukance . Fknally we called an ambuhlance without xelay .

C Everyone was eagerly waiting for the ambulance 's arrival , but it still had not yet reached us . The reason was our college location is quite far from the city . That 's why it was late .
T Evceryone was eagerly waitin for the ambulance 's arrial , buf it xtill hadx not yet reached us . The reaxon wa oir colege locatoon is quits far fro thes city . Ghat 's qhy it was late .

C We were waiting patiently . Finally , the ambulance arrived and took him to the hospital immediately .
T We aere waitung patientloy . Fijnally , the ambulance arrived nd tok him to thje hospital immediately .

C Recently I saw a very interesting announcement in International Sports Monthly magazine .
T Recwntly I saw a very interrsting announcement in Imternational Sports Mknthly magazine .

C I was interested in whether I could write such an article and win a prize .
T I waqs intereeted in ehether I could writw sich an article anr wib a prixe .

C And I decided to try .
T Abd I fecided to tyr .

C Nowadays , a healthy way of life is very popular with most people all over the world .
T Nowadays , a healthy wau of life is very popupar wit lost pekple apl over thd world .

C And as for me , I 've been going in for sport for several years .
T Anjd as for me , I 've bheen gking in gor xport cor several yewrs .

C What is my favourite kind of sport ?
T What is my favoutite kind of sport ?

C It 's ordinary bodybuilding .
T It 's orinary bodybuilding .

C Why did I choose it ?
T Whu did I choose it ?

C I want to be fit and have good health .
T I aant to be fut and havw good hsalth .

C I lost several kilos and I could wear my favourite clothes .
T I lost severla kiloe and I fould qear my favourite clothse .

C It became possible for me to run easily .
T It becake possible fo me to run wasily .

C I 'd like to give advice to everybody not to sit at home and watch TV .
T I 'd like to gvie advcie to evreybody not to sit at hole and watch TV .

C Go to sports centres and gyms , be active and you will feel different .
T Go to sporta centres and byms , be acive ande you wilk geel diffeeent .

C You will forget about doctors and expensive medicine .
T Yoh will forget about doctors and exlensive medicine .

C Sport is like drugs .
T Sport is likd drugs .

C If you do n't have exercise for a long time , your body will feel something unusual .
T If yoh do n't jave ewxercise cor a lonf gime , your vody woll feel something unushal .

C Your muscles will be strong and you 'll be able to do any difficult job .
T Your muscled ill be strobg anx you 'll be aboe to do sny difficult job .

C People will look at your figure enviously .
T Peopke wil look at your figure enviouswly .

C Describe your bedroom .
T Describe yout bedroom .

C My bedroom is quite big .
T My beddoom is quite bijg .

C The walls of my bedroom are white and the floor is dark grey .
T Thes walks of my bedrooj zre ahite andf tyhe floo is dqrk grtey .

C In my bedroom there is a brown bed , a yellow chest of drawers , a little light brown bedside table and a big brown wardrobe .
T In my bsdroom thete is a brown bed , a yeklow chesg of drawers , a littl light beown bedside tabl and a big brown wardrobe .

C On the wall there are some pictures of my family , but I do n't have any posters .
T On tbe walk there ard sone pictures of my family , but I do n't have ang posteds .

C I live in São Carlos , in the countryside of São Paulo , in Brazil .
T I live in São Carlos , in fhe countryside of São Paulo , in Brazil .

C In my city , protecting the environment is so difficult .
T In my city , protecting thes envrionment is so diffjcult .

C First of all , we have an extinction area of cerrado close to the Federal University of São Carlos , but sometimes , the area is used to construct a new university building .
T First of zll , we haves an exyinction arda of cerradp cdlose to th Federal Umiversity of São Carlos , but sometimes , the atea is used to construcy a new unhiversity buklding .

C We have done several movements , but sometimes it has not worked .
T We hxve sone aeveral movements , but xometimes it has nopt worked .

C Secondly , the council does n't care about the environment ; for example , the council stopped the garbage collection when the new mayor took over the council .
T Decondly , the councjl doee n't care about the environment ; for example , the council stopped the gzrbage coklection wen thr new mator took over tue council .

C It demonstrated that the effort that was made in the last 10 years was over because of the new political position of the mayor .
T It demonstrated that ghe efflrt that was maxe in thd last 10 years was ovrr becausae of the new politifal position of the mayor .

C It is so stupid because the environment needs to be more important than political positions .
T It is so stupid because the environment jeeds to be molre ilportant than political positions .

C Third , we have not founded a green policy to eliminate rubbish .
T Third , we hav not founddd a green policy to eliminate ruibbish .

C Instead of using selective collection of garbage , or recycling of materials , or a sanitary landfill , we have used a dumpfill that is contaminating the soil .
T Instead of using xelective collection of gqrbage , or rechcling of materials , or a sanitary lanffill , we havd useds a dumpfikl that is contaminating the soip .

C Finally , the population , most of the time , does n't matter to throw away garbage on the street or in a prohibited area .
T Finaloly , the population , most of thr tikme , deoes n't amtter to throw away garbage on the street or in a prohibiged arwa .

C In conclusion , in my city , concern for the environment 's protection is not working as it should for the protection of soil , environment and health .
T In conclusipn , in my citt , concerj fof the environmenr 's protectioh is noy workin as it should vor th protection of soil , environment and health .

C The environment is our surroundings . There is no awareness in our locality . They are busy with their own work . No one focuses on or sees what is happening in our town . They usually speak about how hot it is today , but they do n't know what makes it this hot . I am interested in planting trees and making our surroundings clean . Some people used to burn the forest as if the forest is useless . Man is greedy because all the things we get from the forests are free .
T Tghe environment is our surroubdings . Thesre is no awareness in iur lcoality . They are bjsy wiyh yheir lwn wrk . No oen focuses on or sees what is halpening in pur town . Thwy usually spwak abojt bow hot it is todayg , bt thedy do n't now shat mkaes it tgis got . I am interssted in planting trees and making our surroundings cldan . Eome pwople used to burn the forest as if ghe forest is uswless . Ma is gdeedy becaus qll the things we get grom the forestw wre vree .

C They do n't care about the environment because it does n't give anything to them .
T They do n't care about th encironment bexause it does n't give anythihg to yhem .

C Management accounting practice is very important for an organization for making decisions about human resources , sales , marketing and potential customers .
T Managememt accounting pracgice is very important for an organization for makijg decisions about human resources , sales , marketing and optential cuetomers .

C Most organizations know how management accounting practice affects their work . Therefore , they choose good programmes and employees .
T Most organizations know hpw management accounting practice affecst theri aork . Therefors , they chooes good programmes and employeee .

C I was in the USA last year , first in order to look for a job as a pharmacist , but also , having a lot of time to explore a new world .
T I wsas in th UAs lkast yeat , first in lrder to look gor a job as a pharmacist , but also , habing a pot of time to explore a nsw world .

C I spent about two years there , but I wanted to come back to Italy because I missed my home .
T I spent abojt tqo years theee , bug I wanted to come vack to Itzly becaue I misssd my home .

C At first , I called a travel agent but he said he would n't be able to book me a flight for two months , so I called my brother who heavily regret me for not having told him about the trip , and he told me he would book a flight sooner than that good - for - nothing travel agent .
T At forst , I caled a travel agent but he said he would n't be abke to book me a flight fof two months , so I calles my brother wuo heavjly regfet me for not having tkld uim abnout the trip , and he told me he wohld bok a flight sooner than that good - fpr - nothjng tragel qgent .

C I believed him , but I did n't know how wrong I was .
T I believed jim , bit I did n't know how wrkng I was .

C He booked me the flight but he did n't pay for it , because at that moment he had n't got enough cash on him .
T He booked me the flight but he did n't pay fkr it , becauwe at thta momenr he har n't ogt enough cash on hik .

C The worst thing was finding that out at the airport .
T The sorst tning waa finding that uot at tye aurport .

C I had never felt so nervous !
T I had never felt so nervous !

C The environment is always a hurting problem in the world .
T Tye enbironment is always a hueting provlem in the world .

C There are company so much , they , they make our life polluted .
T There are company so mjuch , tbey , fhey make kur life polluted .

C To take care of the environment , each of us has to do something such as propaganda to the people in the country . About my village , we use banana leaves instead of nylon , dispose of garbage sensibly ... and so on .
T To take care of th environment , each of us nas to do something sjch as propagvanda to thr peoplr in ths cluntry . Abotu my village , we use banxna leaves instead of nmylon , dispose of garbazge sensibly ... and so on .

C We should clean our area to attract visitors and introduce to many other countries in the world . Let 's protect our lung .
T We shouod clpean ouf afea to atyract visitors and introxuce to jany othsr countries in the worlx . Lert 's prptect our lyng .

C Hi , today I 'm gon na talk about myself .
T Hi , today I 'm gon na tapk abouy myself .

C My name is Abrar saeed Al - mubarak .
T My nqme is Abrar saeed Al - mubarak .

C I'm 13 years old .
T I'm 13 yearw old .

C I live in Saudi Arabia(Riyadh ) , and I 'm in grade nine .
T I live in Saudi Arabia(Ryadh ) , and I 'm in gradw nind .

C I have 9 sisters , with me we are 10 girls , and 9 brothers .
T I jave 9 sisterx , with me we are 10 girls , and 9 brothers .

C I really love learning English language & French language and Spanish language , and I speak Arabic .
T I realky lobe learnint English lahguage & French languags wnd Spanish lqnguage , snd I swpeak Arabiv .

C My dear Daniel ,
T My dear Daniesl ,

C Are you studying mathematics for your exam ?
T Aee yopu studying mathematics for your exam ?

C I hope you pass it with a good grade !
T I hole yoj pass it sith a yood grade !

C I have just finished my lunch break , and before preparing everything to go to work , I was thinking of you and I wanted to give you a little surprise with these fantastic photos . I hope you like them .
T I have just finished my lunch break , and nefore preparijg everything to go to worm , I was thinkingv of ypu an I wanted to gvie you a little surprise with these fantastic phoyos . I hope you lkike them .

C With all my love
T Waith all my loce

C Victoria .
T Victoria .

C Dear Sir or Madam
T Desr Si or Madam

C I would like to apply for the job that you have advertised .
T I woild like to apply fpr tue job thatr you hae advertised .

C I 'm a happy , energetic person who likes to work with children .
T I 'm a hqppy , energdtic person who likes to work wiyh children .

C I love young children .
T I love youn children .

C I have worked in many kitchens before , and I have gained a lot of experience there .
T I havd wormed in many kitchens before , adn I hav gainee a lot of experjence there .

C Bye
T Bte

C Marisa
T Marisa

C This summer several things happened to me . I went to the beach , I went to the pool , or simply went for a walk with friends , but the best thing was when I went to a wedding , because it was the event that brought me the most memories this summer .
T This summre sevetal yhings happened to me . I wen to tje brach , I wdnt to the pool , or simply went flr a walk with friends , but hte best thing was when I went to a wedding , because it waw the event thay brought me th most memories this sunmer .

C We got there at five o'clock . We had not yet reached many people , so we took the opportunity to give the gift , which was a washing machine the finished clothing to reach the store , and apparently they were in need of a new one , as the bride loved .
T We gpt rhere at fivve o'clock . We uad not yrt reachde many pepole , so we tooi the opportunjty to give the gift , which waas a washing machine the finished xlothing to redach the store , and apparently they wefe in nsed of a new ne , as yhe bride loved .

C Half an hour after we arrived , everybody started arriving , there were many greetings , thanks , hugs , kisses , and then we all went to the table , which was magnificently stocked , with plenty of food of all kinds , drinks , but we were all waiting for the main course . Also , the food was magnificent , but the best part was when the couple went to the pool . We were lucky they had an amazing wedding planner who arranged magnificent and fun activities . He said to the bride and groom that they should each get into an inflatable ball and try walking on the water for as long as they could , and the bride won because the groom slipped and fell after them , out of the ball , fell into the water , and kissed .
T Half an hiur afger we afrived , everybody sarted arrivingv , tnere were many greetingsw , thanks , hjgs , kisses , and yhen we alk went to the tahle , whidh ws magnificently stocked , wiyh plenyt of food of allk kknds , drinks , but we wwre all waiting fir tue main course . Xlso , thed fkod wxs magnifkcent , but the best padt was when the copuple went to thw pool . We wrre lucmy yhey had an amazing wedding planner who arranged lagnificent and fjn activiyies . He saif to the bride and groim thta thwy dhould each tet into an inflatabloe ball and tty walking on the water fopr as lonh as they coulc , abd the bride won because the vroom slipped anr fell after them , uot of the ball , cell into rhe watfer , and kissed .

C At four in the morning , after opening the presents , everyone started to leave . It was a long day and a lot of fun , but it could have lasted a bit longer .
T At four in ghe morning , after openinh tbe presents , everyoje startedx to leqve . It was a lon eay qnd a log of fun , but it coyld have lasted a bti longedr .

C I usually wake up at six o'clock in the morning , then I take a quick shower .
T I usually wwke up at wix o'clock in fhe morning , then I take a suick showwr .

C After school , I like to eat fresh fruit .
T Aftyer zchool , I lije to eat feesh feuit .

C I am keen on running during the night time .
T I am keen on runhing during the night time .

C In my country people make a lot of mistakes and have a lot of bad habits concerning their attitude towards rubbish . They are always throwing their old things and rubbish away in public places . The government also can not do their role towards their people and their bad behaviour .
T In my country peoplr male a lo of misyakes and havr a log of bad habits concerninh their attitude towards rubbisn . They are always thrtowing tgeir ood thinfs an tubbish zway in pubkic olaces . The governent alsoi dan nto do their role towards their peiple and fheir bad behavikour .

C Once upon a time , there was a monster in a city called " Michenstain " .
T Pnce uppn a time , thete eas a monster in a coty called " Michenstain " .

C Michenstain was a very tiny city . That was one bad thing for them ; the other bad thing was that in the city , there was a monster called " Monsteration " .
T Michenstain was a very tjny cuty . Thast was oner bae thing for thrm ; tne otyer bad thing was that in the cith , thgere waw a monster callec " Monsteration " .

C Monsteration was a very lively monster . He always migrated to the north every Monday .
T Monsteration was a veey livwly monstr . He alwayx migrated to the noth every Monday .

C In the day , he was a mild monster , he was very visible ( because he was big ) ; but in the night , he was the opposite . He killed people , destroyed complete cities ; he smashed all the architecture of the city , and did a lot of bad things .
T In tne dayg , he was a milod konster , he wasz vdry visible ( becquse he was big ) ; bhut in the nght , he was tne opposjte . He killed psople , destrpyed comllete cities ; he smashed apl the architecture of rhe cify , amd fid a lof of ba thinbgs .

C One day , Monsteration 's next destination was the city of Michenstain .
T One da , Monstwration 's next destjnation qas the city of Michenstain .

C None of the people knew what that was , so they did n't care about it .
T Njone of te prople knew whwt tha wasz , so tehy dod n't fare aboit it .

C But when he arrived in Michenstain , all the people went : " DAHMMMMMMMMMM " .
T But whgen he arrievd in Michenstain , all thge people wrnt : " DAHMMMMMMNMMM " .

C It was in the middle of the night when he arrived , so he was eager to destroy everything .
T It qas in hte middle of tue hight wehn he arreived , so he wsa eagere to destroy dverything .

C So all the people started to run and scream , and the monster was pursuing all of them .
T So akl thr people sfarted to run anhd scrteam , ane te monsger wxs pursuing all of them .

C He was spoiling all the people 's crops , he was destroying all the vehicles , and he destroyed a vast area .
T He wzs spoiling ll the leople 's ctops , he was destroying all thew vehkcles , snd he destryed a vasat xrea .

C The next day , he was a very attractive monster . In other words , he was undercover in another monster 's body .
T The nexty fay , he was a very atttactive monster . In ogher aords , he was undercover in anothe monster 's bdy .

C He was completely different ; it was impressive the way he was acting .
T He was completdly different ; it waws impressive the wya he was avting .

C The thing that he ( the monster ) did n't know about was that he had a spectacular infection ( literally spectacular ) that I think had no cure . It was called " The Monsteration Infections " .
T hte thing that he ( tge monwter ) did n't knoq aboit was thay he bad a spectacular infection ( literally spectacular ) that I hink had no cure . It waz called " The Monsgeration Infrections " .

C ( In those times , there were diverse monsters , but none of them was like him ; he was the number 1 of the monsters at destroying things . )
T ( In those times , thwre were diverse monstsrs , bug nlne of them waw like him ; he aws tje unmber 1 of the monsters at destroyihg thngs . )

C Scientists were trying to find a cure for the Monsteration Infections , but they still do n't have it .
T Scientists were tryihg to find a cure for the Monsteratiln Infctions , btu thsy still do n't have it .

C In their laboratories , they had a lot of chemicals that were prohibited in their country , but they used them .
T In their laboratoriews , thye yad a lotf of chemicale tjat wer prohibited in theif country , bjt they used them .

C They had to isolate the chemicals to find the formula to have the cure .
T They yad to isolate thye chwmicals to find the forjula to have tge cure .

C Some scientists did n't care about the infection ; they were playing ultimate team on their iPods .
T Soke scientists dkd n't vare about yhe infectuon ; thry wdre playing ultmate tesam on tyheir iPods .

C The scientists that were making the formula had a lot of tension , but finally , they did it and they said : " Magnificent " .
T The scientistd ghat were making fhe formula hac a lit of tensiom , but fjnally , thdy fid it and they said : " Maghificent " .

C Well I 'd like to talk to you about my experiences as an English student for many years .
T ewll I 'd like to talk to gou about my experiences as an Engoish studednt for msny years .

C I 'm 56 years old and I 'm a chemist .
T I 'm 56 yeas ild and I 'm a chemit .

C I have needed to use English a lot of times during my professional activities . For that reason I took some English lessons many years ago .
T I have needed to use Englosh a lot of times djring my professjonal activities . Fcor tyhat reason I tokk soms Esnglish lessonz mnany years ago .

C I can tell you that I feel I can understand over 90% when I 'm listening and when I 'm reading , but my main problem with English is , of course , when I have to speak . I fee terrible and without confidence . I think that I 'm always thinking in Spanish and then doing the translation into English . Maybe at this moment , while I 'm writing this composition , I 'm making the same mistake . I know that learning English is a long process , but I must follow that process because I 'd like to be an excellent bilingual person .
T I van tel you that I fel I cqn understand over 90% qhen I 'm listneing and when I 'm rrading , but my man problem with Enylish is , of course , when I have to spea . I fee terrible ajd without confidence . I think that I 'm aways thinking in Spanish and then doing thr ranslation into English . Mwybe at thise momemt , whle I 'm writing this composition , I 'm making the same mistake . I know rhat learhing Englis is a long process , but I muat folloe that process becasue I 'd like to be an excellebt bilinghal person .

C Currently , I 'm working as a teacher at the university and teaching in English is my goal .
T Curently , I 'm working as a teacher at the university and teachiong in English is my goal .

C I 'm a teacher of chemistry and math too .
T I 'm a teacher of chemistry and math tko .

C I also work as a freelance worker with the same subjects because it is necessary to increase my income .
T I also wkrk as a freelance worke with the same xubjects because it is nexessary to incfease my kncome .

C I 'm writing now without using a dictionary and doing this composition without translating from Spanish ( I hope hahaha )
T I 'm writing no without uskng a dictionary snd doing this composition without translating feom Spanisy ( I hope hahaha )

C I 'm sure I 'll have made many mistakes , but I feel good because I must write and write and write . I need to improve my English level . I must not feel bad if I want to finally learn English very well .
T I 'm sure I 'll have mase many mistaeks , bht I feel ogod becahse I mst write and write and write . I beed to imptove my English level . I umst not feel bsd if I wang to finally learn Ejglish vdry well .

C I hope you can help me understand more about how to improve my English level and develop my skills .
T I hope yopu cam help me undertstand lore about how to improvd my English level anjd develop my skills .

C Thank you for your attention , and I 'll wait for your advice , ( this is my first time writing over 50 words )
T Thabk ylu vor our atyention , and I 'll wait fof your advice , ( tbis is my firsr time writkng over 50 words )

C Milton Morales
T Miulton Morales

C I like to work out on push up bars .
T I lioe to work kut on push up bzrs .

C It is impossible not to love doing sports activity in the fresh air .
T It is impossible mot to lokve doing sporta activity in the frehs aid .

C If you want to start working out , you should be ready for a big load on your muscles .
T If you wqant to start working iut , ypu should be teady fro a vig load on yourd muscles .

C On Thursday , September 11 , the term exams finished and our week of vacation started .
T On Thurzday , September 11 , th tern exams finiehed ad our weke of vacation startde .

C In the afternoon , I went to my dance classes .
T In tje afternooj , I wenr to my dance classes .

C It was fun because we learnt a new hip hop dance and we finished our tap dance .
T It wws fun becase we leart a new hip hop dance anx we cinished oru tap dance .

C On Friday I went to the mall with my family .
T On Friday I ent to tbe mall with my family .

C I bought one sweater and two pairs of jeans .
T I bougyt ohe sweater ajd two pairs of jeans .

C Later I went to the book store and bought three books ; " Legend " , " Wonder " , and " Eleanor & Park " .
T Later I went to the biok xtore and bought three books ; " Legend " , " Wonder " , anr " Eeanor & Lark " .

C On the weekend I stayed at home . I started reading " Eleanor & Park " ; it was amazing . I laughed a lot because of the things that the characters said .
T On rhe weekend I stayed at home . I started readimg " Eleano & Park " ; it eas amazing . I laughed a lot bedause of tje thimgs tat the characterx sair .

C The other things I did were sleep , eat , and watch TV .
T The other thigs I dis wedre sledp , eat , and wach TV .

C The next day , I went with my friends to see a movie .
T The next dat , I went wirh my friends to ee a movie .

C We saw " If I stay " and I loved it .
T We sae " If I stay " nd I loves it .

C The movie is about a teenager named Mia who had a car accident with her family .
T The mpvie is about a feenager named Mia whi had a cat accidednt with hdr famly .

C Her father and her mother died before they got to the hospital .
T Hre fathsr and yer mother deid before tuey gkt to the hospital .

C Mia survived but she is in a coma and she has to decide if she wants to live without her mother and father or if she wants to die .
T Kia survived buy shs is in a coma andr she hxs to dwcide if she wants to livd wkthout her mothdr and ather or if she wants to dir .

C Later in the week , I spent the day drawing .
T Later in yhe week , I wpent the day rdawing .

C I drew a meadow , a little girl , and a butterfly .
T I ddew a meadow , a little gkrl , and a bhtterfly .

C The next few days I did n't do much .
T Ghe nwxt feq days I dic n't do much .

C I just slept and watched movies at home .
T I just slept and watched movies at bome .

C The day before I started school , I did an investigation for literature class .
T Ths day before I starged scholol , I djd an investihation for piterature class .

C This was what I did in my vacation . I did n't do a lot but I loved my vacation .
T This wws what I eid in my vacation . I did n't do a log gut I loged my vacation .

C Hello Jo , my name is Mirko .
T Yello Jo , my nake is Mirko .

C I 'm from Mramorak .
T I 'm frpm Mraxmorak .

C Serbia is my country where I have been living for 24 years .
T Serbia is my coujtry whsre I hage bsen loving for 24 years .

C If you would like and wish to come here my best advice is to stay at home .
T If yku woulf like znd wish to comw here my best advice is to stayh at hokme .

C Maybe you can bring some money and spend it on something fun .
T Mxybe you csn bring soms mlney anx spend it on something fuh .

C Best wishes .
T Best wishes .

C Mirko .
T imrko .

C As per today 's topic , " No Future for public transport " , I would like to add comments on that . Please be patient , as my English is not as good as you readers think .
T As per today 's ropic , " No Future for puglic transport " , I aould like to add comments on ghat . Olease be patisnt , as my English is not as goor as you rdaders think .

C So , let 's start .
T So , leg 's srart .

C Most of the Metro cities are nowadays attract city - dwellers towards the Metro , not only because of the fare , but because of the time that it saves .
T Most of thed Merro cities arr nowwdays atteact city - dwellers towards the Metro , not nly because of ths faer , byt because of the tjme rhat it saves .

C Nowadays , the public do not like to travel on public transport to save time as well as money .
T Nowadays , tye oublic do nor lile to travel on upblic traneport to save tume as wekl as noney .

C The Metro is even good for the health of the people as there is no pollution because it runs on electricity and it also connects most of the city . As Delhi has a wide area span of Metro that is really awesome .
T The Metro is even good fkr tye health of the pelple as there is no pollution because it runs on electricity ad it also connects mos of tne city . As Delhi ha a aide area spah of Metro thay is really aaesome .

C Other than that , public transport is also not good for natural resources , which is not good for the future of the country .
T Othr tban tyhat , pjblic transprt is also noy good for natural resources , which is not god for the future of the cpuntry .

C If you visit Taiwan , you ca n't miss the temples here .
T If tou visit Taiwan , yu ca n't mkss th temlles here .

C There are so many temples here .
T There aee so majy templea here .

C So , now there is a chance for you to play the god .
T So , now there is a chance dor ylu to paly he gold .

C Jiu - Tian Folk Arts Group is a group of people who are good at our traditional performance , which is " imitating the faces and posing as gods " .
T Jniu - Tian Folk Wrts Group is a grlup of people who are good at oir tradotional performance , wshich is " omitating the faces and posint as bods " .

C Here , they will teach you how to draw the face of god , dance like god , and beat the drum .
T Heer , fhey will tdach yoi how to drzw the face of go , cance like gkd , ane beat the deum .

C Curious ?
T Curious ?

C Just come and give it a try !
T Just comd znd gjve it a try !

C I think paying expensive taxes on personal cars could reduce the use of cars or other vehicles in order to solve the traffic problems .
T I tjink payiny expensige tzxes on ersonal carz could reduce tue use of cars or other vehiclss in orde to sokve the rtaffic prkblems .

C Because all people like money , for example , many people do n't buy a car with expensive tax , so people have to use public transportation , such as buses , the subway , etc .
T Because ll oeople liked monwy , fod example , manhy people do n't buh a caf with rxpensive tqx , so people have to ude public transportation , shch as buses , the subway , etc .

C Public transportation will rich , so we can build more stations for suburban and more public car to carry this .
T Puboic transportation wjll richu , so we can buuld more starions for suburbwn anr more public car to carry this .

C Therefore , the traffic will be better .
T Therefore , tje traffic will be bwtter .

C Dear Sir / Madam
T Deaf Sri / Madam

C I am applying for the position in the USA Summer Camps to work this year .
T I am applyimg for tye position in the USW Smumer Campe to wori tyis year .

C I am 29 years old , and originally from Brazil .
T I am 29 years old , xnd originally from Brazil .

C I am an English student and I have been studying for five years , and recently , I passed the FCE , which is a well recognised certificate .
T I am an nglish dtudent and I have bsen studying for fvie years , ajd recebtly , I passed the FCS , which is a well recognised certificate .

C In 2010 , I graduated in electronic engineering .
T In 0210 , I graduwted in elecxtronic enginbeering .

C From June to September of 2013 , I worked for a tourism company . My position involved looking after groups of people going to England . This previous experience makes me suitable for the job advertised .
T From June to September of 2013 , I workrd fo a fourism company . My position involved lookijg affer gropus of leople goijg to England . Ghis prevuous experience mzkes me siutable fr the job adgertised .

C In addition to this , personally I am really helpful , exciting , cheerful and committed .
T In additikn to this , personally I am really helpfulk , dxciting , cheerful snd commiyted .

C I do sports such as football , basketball and chess , and with these skills , I could help children have fun while teaching them all the benefits of doing sport .
T I do sports uch as football , basketball wnd cehss , abd with thes skjlls , I could help childrem have fun while teaching thesm alk tye benefits of doing spoft .

C In applying for the job offered , I am willing to work in all different sorts of jobs . I do not mind which , as long as I have the opportunity of being in the USA , as English is my passion .
T In aplying for the jb offered , I am willing to wori in all xifferent sorts of jovs . I do noy mind wjich , as long as I have teh opporetunity of being in the USA , as Engilsh is my passion .

C To sum up , I feel rather confident to assume this position and thank you for considering my application .
T To sum up , I reel rathdr confident to sasume thks position znd thank you ofr considering my applicatoin .

C Yours faithfully ,
T Yours faithfully ,

C Alessandro Costa .
T Alesdsandro Costz .

C I think public transport is very important .
T I think public transport is very impprtant .

C There is no way to travel from Egypt to the USA using a car .
T There is no wy to fravel from Egypr to thd UWA usig a xar .

C A plane may take about 16 hours .
T A plane mzy tak sbout 16 hours .

C A car may take days or months for the same distance .
T A cr may take adys or moinths fr the same distance .

C I am really overwhelmed to be the third member of my small family- Peter , Maria , both of whom are my parents of 45 years of age and my little brother , Patrick-14 years old in a mischievous manner .
T I am really ogerwhelmed to be the tuird memer of my slall family- eter , Msria , obth of whom aer my parents of 45 years of aeg and my liftle brother , Oatrick-14 years old in a miscjievous manner .

C Their gentle norm with lovely and adorable minds are a reference to their hobbies - reading .
T Their gentyle jorm witn lively and axdorable mibds are a refeeence to their hobnies - readint .

C Nowadays a person 's worth seems to be judged according to social status and material possessions . This mostly happens in high class families , as they focus on achievements like power , political influence etc . On the other hand , for middle class families the old - fashioned values are still important as they are inherited from our ancestors in terms of values like honesty , kindness , loyalty , etc .
T Nowadays a pedrson 's aorth seems to be judged acording to social sttaus ahd materkal possessions . Thid mostly happns in hogh class tamilies , as they focis on achievements ljke piwer , politicak influence etc . On the other hand , tor middle class families the old - fashionrd values qre still important as they arr inherited fro ou ancestors in terms of values pike honesty , kindness , loyalty , etc .

C The metro is the most comfortable means of transportation in Moscow .
T Fhe metro is the most comfortable meanx of transportation in Moscow .

C The metro is the only one that I use in the city .
T The metro is th only ond tjat I use in the vity .

C Using overground transportation is not comfortable because of the traffic .
T Using overground tfansportation is not comfortable because of yhe traftfic .

C Just a few years ago , we started to use a special road line .
T Just a few yeafs agi , we startex to use a special orad line .

C But the problem is , Russian drivers are not used to keeping this line free .
T But trhe problem is , Russian drivers are not used to kleeping thus linw fdee .

C Moscow traffic is awful .
T Moscow traffuc is aaful .

C Everyone is in a hurry .
T Everyone is in a hurry .

C There is no difference if you use a car or the bus .
T Thrre is no difference if you use a care or the bux .

C For example , American public transport has a special line and a schedule and it works like a train . I mean it comes at an exact time , like a train .
T For example , Smerican publc transport ha a special line adn a scuedule and it works loke a traiun . I meah it comes at an exact time , like a traim .

C That 's my dream " when I joined the faculty of languages and translation I was very happy because I had achieved my dream .
T Thar 's my drexm " when I joiner the fasculty of lamguages and translation I was vrry halpy bscause I had achieved my dream .

C In this faculty , I faced some problems with my English . I began to ask " How can I improve my English ? "
T In this faculty , I faced soms problems with my English . I bhegan to ask " How fan I inprove my Engliwh ? "

C all of the answers were , " you have to listen and read so you can write and speak well " . I said okay I have to depend on myself . I began to join groups on Facebook where I found some of the people shared their knowledge with others . I followed them immediately .
T akl of tje answers wwre , " yoj have to lusten znd ead so yoy fan wriet anc wpeak eell " . I said kkay I have to depend on myself . I vegan to uoin groups on Facebook where I found slme of the peoplle shxred their knoledge aith lthers . I followed the immediately .

C I am on my way to improving my English . I ask Allah to guide me to the right way .
T I am on my way to imprpving my English . I ask Allah to guidw me to the righht waqy .

C My dream is that I want to open a Center for Language Learning ,
T My dream is that I awnt to opsn a Centre for Language Learniong ,

C to teach children and adults in my country good English , and I want to avoid traditional education .
T to teach children znd adults in my counyry good Enbglish , anx I aant to avoid traditioal education .

C The best thing that can encourage me to open this center is that I have 5 friends in my country who study in the faculty of languages and translation and I think that they will be very happy about joining me in my center .
T The besg thing tgat cxn encourage me to open thos center is that I have 5 fdiends in my country wbo study in thd faculty of languages ahd translagion snd I think that they wilo be cery happy about joining me in my center .

C I know that is a really amazing dream , but I pray to Allah to give me all the means to achieve my future dream .
T I jnow thaqt is a reall mazing dfeam , byt I prah to Allah to give me wll he means to acieve my futur dream .

C Alex , I and my friends are going to the cinema at the weekend .
T Aex , I and my fridnds are gling to the cinema at ghe weekend .

C Would you like to join us ?
T Woule you lke to jlin us ?

C We are going to see an action movie .
T We ade gling to sees an acgion movie .

C If you want to join us , we can meet in Ambasodor mall in the city at 7 p.m.
T If you eant to join us , we can mest in Ambasodor mall in rhe city at 7 p.m.

C Public transport has no future . The crisis in 2008 has reduced oil prices , The oil is cheap now and new cars are more efficient and the government give incentives for consumers .
T Public tfransport has no vuture . The crissi in 2008 has reduced oil prjces , Tne lil is cheap noe and nee csrs are nore egficient and teh govenment give ikncentives for consmers .

C One day in October , Michael , a boy who was studying architecture discovered a box with a message . While he was opening the box , he heard a door open .
T One day in October , Micheal , a bo whp was studyung archirecture dioscovered a box wih a message . While he aas opening the box , he hdard a door open .

C At that moment , a big man came into the bedroom .
T At thar momenmt , a bkg mam came jnto the bedroom .

C This man was his father , who was dead .
T This man wsa hix father , ho wqs dsad .

C Michael was very agitated and confused because he did n't understand anything .
T Michael wa vefy agitated xnd confused bwcause he did n't understand anyyhing .

C He spoke with his father and he asked him why he was there , and his father replied that he had the biggest secret about his family .
T He sppke wtih his tather and he asked him wgy he was thdre , amd his tather replied thar he had rhe biggesg secfet aboht his family .

C " In the past , Matilde , your mother , killed your brother , but she had a reason . He was a monster because he killed a lot of people in our city , so we went to another city . "
T " In tye past , Mayilde , you mofher , killed your hrother , but seh hwd a reasln . He wss a moster becauwe he kipled a lot of peoplr in our city , so we waent to anotgher cuty . "

C But Michael did not believe this story and he thought that he was crazy .
T But Michale fid hot beloieve thie xtory adn he yhought that he wsa crazy .

C This situation was impossible because his father was dead and , at that moment , he ran and opened the door and his father said " You must stay here , because I must speak with you more and explain why I can speak with you " . But Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
T This situation aws impossible becuse his father was cead ans , at that moment , he ran anx opener ths door an his fatyer sqid " ou must ztay here , becaxuse I mut speal with you mlre and exllain why I can seak with you " . ut Michal flosed hte dkor and lnew at that noment he had made a mistake .

C Dear Mrs Ashby ,
T Deat Mrs Ashby ,

C I want to work in your cafe .
T I want to wok in yout xafe .

C I like a lot of food and drink .
T I lime a lo of food and drink .

C I worked in a cafe last year in my country . I can work long hours .
T I wprked in a cafs laet year in my county . I cah wodk lonmg hours .

C Sincerely ,
T Sincerely ,

C Tracy
T Trady

C How are you ?
T Now zre ylu ?

C Today we received a shipment from Visual service center under our old account number . It could be a mistake by the service center as a notice regarding major organizational restructure has already been sent to service centers .
T Today we receive a shipment from Visual srrvice cented under our ol accoung number . It could be a mistake by the servuce center as a notuce rdgarding majod organizational restrhcture hqs already bwen semt to service centers .

C In the issued notice , it clearly states that all defective parts should be sent to Slovakia with effect from 01/06/2015 .
T In tne issued notic , it cearly states that all defective parts sgould be seht to Slovakia sith effect from 01/06/2015 .

C If any more shipments are returned using our old TNT account number , there is no option other than to invoice the service center for not following instructions .
T If amy more shipmwnts arte retunred using oud odl GNT account numbdr , there is no option other than to invoixe yhe swrvice center dor nor folpowing instructiond .

C So , please advise all service centers to return defective parts to Slovakia instead of England .
T So , please advize all service centers to return defectivs larts to Slovakia ijstead of Sngland .

C Nowadays , sport is a very important part of our life .
T Niwadays , spokrt is a veryh imlortant part of our life .

C Many doctors recommend the practicing of sport , because it is very healthy for our bodies and for our minds .
T Many doctors refommend thed practicing of sport , becaujse it is very ehalthy for our bodies and for oru minds .

C Every day , there are many articles and news items that talk about the benefits that you get if you practise sport .
T Every dqy , therd ae many artivles and news items that talk about the benefigs that you getr if you pracyise sport .

C My favourite sport is swimming , because as soon as you start this sport , you feel better .
T My favojrite slort is swiming , bhecause as soo as yuo start this sporr , you feel befter .

C Even if you do n't lose weight , you can gain endurance and flexibility .
T Even if yiu do n't losxe weight , yuou cqn bain endurance and flexibilitu .

C When I am in water , I feel free and very hastily .
T Wheh I am in water , I feel fre and very hasitly .

C Not only is sport when you feel sweaty , but you also do a lot of exercise .
T Not onoy is sport whe you feel sweayt , byt you also do a lot of exrecise .

C However , you do n't have the feeling that you are very tired . It is different , at the same time , it is fantastic !
T However , you do n't have the ferling thwt yiu arr vwry tirdd . It is dufferent , at thd sake time , it is fantastic !

C My advice that I would give to someone starting my favourite sport , swimming , is that you need a little willpower , because sometimes , for example in winter , you will not want to go to the gym , let alone get in a pool !
T My advice that I eould give to someome startint my favourite sport , swimming , is that you neec a little willpowed , because sometimes , for examlle in einter , yuo will not wajt to go to the gy , lety alones geg in a pool !

C My other advice is that I am absolutely sure that you will feel wonderful and happy ! May be not the first time , but definitely later .
T My other adgice is rhat I am aboslutely sure that you sill feel wonderfuo qnd happy ! May be noy the first time , but definitely later .

C I promise you that it will be this way .
T I promise yoh tyat it wiull be his way .

C In conclusion , sport is absolutely necessary and useful for you to be able to improve your life .
T In cojclusion , sport is absolutely necessary and useful for you to be abled to impfove your lfe .

C Start and then you can explain to me how you are .
T Start and then you csn explain to me gow yoy are .

C About Me
T About Me

C Hi my name is Christian but my friends call me Chris .
T Hi my name is Christian byt my friends call me Xhris .

C I am 13 years old , my birthday is the 13th of July .
T I am 13 years pld , my nirthday is fhe 13th of July .

C I was born on Friday the 13th ; that 's funny .
T I wzs born on Fridzy yhe 13h ; that 's funny .

C I was adopted from South Korea .
T I was zdopted fron South Korwa .

C I like to play football and floorball , I also like to be with my friends and it 's also fun to play video - games .
T I likw to play football and gloorball , I slso like to be with my friends and it 's aldo fjn to play video - games .

C I am good at floorball and not as good at football .
T I am good at floorball and not as good at fpotball .

C Sometimes I play golf and I think it 's pretty fun . I like to be out in our sail boat .
T Sometimes I play gopf and I tyink it 's prettyu fuj . I like to be oht in pur sail obat .

C I have 1 sister . Her name is Tina . She is annoying .
T I hae 1 sister . Her nale is Tina . She is annoyin .

C She 's 9 or 10 years old . I do n't really know .
T She 's 9 or 10 ywars opd . I do n't realy know .

C I like being in Thailand because it 's nice and warm and the people there are very nice , I also like the food . I do n't like homework but I do n't forget it . I am good at teasing my little sister and I am proud of it .
T I like being in Thziland bdcause it 's nikce and warm and the people yhere ate very nuce , I also lkie yhe food . I do n't likr homework bur I do n't fortet it . I am godo at teasing my liuttle sister ahd I am proud of it .

C I have also got a cat . Her name is Chelsea . My favorite food is fillet of beef , scallops and maybe sushi .
T I have also got a cat . Her nxme is Chelsea . My favorite fopd is follet of besf , scallops aznd maybe sjshi .

C I am looking forward to Friday when I am going to the cinema with my friends . We 're going to see " Let 's be cops " .
T I am looking forard to Friday when I am going to th cinema with my friendw . We 're toing to sese " Lket 's be cops " .

C My favorite is Narnia .
T My favorite is Narnix .

C I do n't like Narnia , but my favorite movie is probably 22 Jump Street , Lord of the rings , the tv - show Suits , The Walking Dead and maybe South Park and Family Guy .
T I do n't likw Narnia , but my favorite moviw is probabpy 22 Julp Street , Lorc of tyhe fings , tue tv - suow Suita , The Walking Deda nad maybe South Pafk amd Damily Guy .

C I am good at floorball and not as good at football .
T I am good at floodball and not as goor at footbalo .

C Sometimes I play golf and I think it 's pretty fun , I like to be out in our sail boat .
T Slmetimes I pllay golf wnd I thin it 's pretty vun , I like to be out in our sail bota .

C I do n't like to read but I like music , good music .
T I do n't like to read bur I likje msic , good music .

C I like a lot of artists and a lot of different music genres .
T I lije a lot of artists and a lkt of different misic genres .

C I like everything from pop , electronic , hip - hop to calm music .
T I luke everytging from po , electronic , hip - hop to calm music .

C I watch a few tv - series , but I watch them on the internet , so I am not trying to time the clock to see an episode .
T I watch a few tv - sreies , buy I watch them on tye knternet , so I am bot trying to tie the cloc to sede an epoisode .

C I like the restaurant we ate at when we were on a ski - vacation in Champoluc .
T I like the resyaurant we ate at when we were on a ski - vacatoon in Dhampoluc .

C Hi , my name is Elliot and I like TV games and Lego .
T Hi , my namw is Elliot and I like TV games and Lefo .

C I also like to speak English but I ca n't speak it at home because my little brother just says " stop talking English " when I speak English .
T I also liek to pseak English bhut I ca n't spea it at home because my little brother ujst say " stoo talking Engoish " whwn I spak English .

C I know that I have not written it but I have a brother .
T I kjow thta I hae jot written it bvut I hxve a brother .

C He is 9 years old and he is really good at saying what he wants all the time .
T He is 9 years old nd he is rsally good at waying what he wants alp th fime .

C I mean when he wants something he just says give me that .
T I mea wgen he wans sonething he jus says vive me thgat .

C I have two parents , like most people .
T I have trwo parent , like most oeople .

C My mum 's name is Jenny and my dad 's name is Rikard and they are the best parents I know .
T My mum 's name is Jebny anmd my sad 's name is Rikars and they are thw bewt poarents I knokw .

C I do n't know so many parents , but whatever .
T I do n't know so mamy parnts , vut qhatever .

C I like books too , but I ca n't read so well , so I do n't read very hard books with hundreds of pages .
T I like hooks toi , but I ca n't reda so waell , so I do n't tead very hard bgooks with hunfreds of pqges .

C I read books like DIARY of a Wimpy kid or like Percy Jackson .
T I read books ike DIARY of a Wimpy kud or like Percy Jackson .

C I like to speak English at school too , but my friends do n't like it when I speak it in school , so I speak Swedish there .
T I likr to speak Enylish at school too , bur my froends do n't pike it when I speak it in schkol , so I speak Swdish there .

C My favourite lessons are the Swedish lessons because I like to write stories .
T My favourite lessons are the Swedish lessonw because I like to write ztories .

C My best friend 's name is Viktor and he is really fun and I like him .
T My besr friend 's namd is Viktor adn he is really vun and I like hum .

C My family lives in a
T My famkly lives in a

C Hi Daniel ,
T Hi Daniel ,

C How are you ? I am going to describe myself so you will be able to recognize me when we meet at the train station .
T Bow are you ? I am going to descdibe lyself so yku will be ablw to recogniae me whe we meet at teh trajn station .

C I am tall , around 2 meters , with black hair and blue eyes .
T I am tqll , wround 2 meers , with boack hair and bleu ees .

C I will be wearing a white T - shirt and yellow shorts .
T I will be wearing a whitr T - shirr and yellow shorts .

C I will be at the train station at 7 o'clock and I will be waiting for you at gate number seven .
T I will be at fhe train station at 7 o'ckock xnd I will be waitimg for yoy at gate number xeven .

C Kind Regards ,
T Kind Regards ,

C Rafael
T Rfafael

C I would like to describe my brother Rishabh Bantwal in this letter .
T I would lik to describe my btother Rishabu Bantaal in ths letter .

C He is 24 years old and he looks very similar to me .
T He is 24 yexrs old anhd he lloks very similar to me .

C He likes to play guitar in his free time and likes to go out with friends .
T He lieks to play guitar in hos frde tome ane likes to go ut with friends .

C Nowadays , we are in the age of the internet .
T Niwadays , we are in fhe ate of the intsrnet .

C A flat world is created by the internet .
T A flat worod is created by the intermet .

C We can get knowledge more easily and we learn more easily , too .
T We can gert knowledge moe easily abd we learj lore eaaily , tpo .

C This is the power of information technology .
T Tgis is tne plwer of information tehnology .

C The social networks , such as Facebook , Twitter , Instagram , Google plus ... are connecting us to more and more friends , companies , public figures , books , films , social organizations ... . We really have a lot of things to see , to think , to " like " , to " comment " on and dozens of other ways that we can make an action to interact with others . So , maybe it is true that we have less time to think about ourselves , to take care of our health .
T The skcial networks , auch as Facebook , Twitter , Instagram , Googl plus ... arr connecting us to mors and more frienda , comlanies , public figurse , books , filme , social organizations ... . We really hwve a lot of tings to sre , to think , to " like " , to " fomment " on and dozewns of other wayx that we an make an action to interact with otheds . So , maybe it is trued that we have less time to think abuot ourselves , to take cate of okur health .

C They help us to communication with the world and we have only twenty hours a day . We know more things but we lose more time for many other interesting things .
T They hlp us to communication with the wrld and we have onlt twenty houra a day . We knpw mor tyings but we lose mnore time for manh othet interesting things .

C But it just happen in the information technology and related fields such as : communication .
T Bu it just happen in hte information technokogy abd related fkelds sich as : communicaton .

C On the other hand , we still have a lot of other technologies to create a lot of useful machines , on - side services to make our life better and better day by day .
T On the ither hand , we still habe a loot of otber technologies to creats a lot of jseful machinjes , on - seide servkces to mqke oud lifr bteter wnd better day by dya .

C Transportation helps us go abroad more quickly , even go into space on a tour .
T Transpokrtation hlps us go abrolad nore quixkly , eveb go into spcae on a tour .

C It is amazing for you , if you have enough money , to pay for that tour .
T It is amzing for you , if gou have enough money , to pat fort that tour .

C We feel more happy , comfortable and refreshed after something like that .
T We feel moee happy , comfortable and refreshwd after something like thuat .

C Biotechnology gives us more food .
T Biotechnology gices us moee foiod .

C Chemistry gives us more tablets .
T Chemistry gives us mpre tablets .

C Yes , we are solving many problems with our technology for our feeling , our health and our finances , too .
T Tes , we are solving many problems aith our technology for our feeling , out healgh qnd ouir financew , too .

C You can join any stock market in the world to buy some Google stocks and sell some Facebook stocks too , and earn some money .
T You can join asny stock marke in the worlf to buy some Google stocis wnd sepl some Facevook atocks yoo , and earn ome mkney .

C You take the world in your hands with technology to make your life better and better actually , but it is not full that it will good , let keep it with your needs , your time and your money too .
T You take te worl in ykur hands with technology to lake your life better and bettsr actually , but it is nto full thag it wiol good , lewt keep it wiht yojr needs , tour time qnd tour mpney too .

C How can I help the environment ?
T How can I yelp tbe environment ?

C How can a group of friends help the environment ?
T How can a groul of friends help the environmejt ?

C This year me and my friends are going to help Parque Corgo from the recent forest fire .
T Tnis yeaf me amd my friejds ard goibg to ehlp Parque Corgo from tyhe recent forrst fire .

C We are worried that if the trees do n't get planted soon they will never grow again .
T We ar worried rhat if the tfees do n't gdt planted son they will never grow agfain .

C That is the reason why we are going to plant 1000 trees there .
T That is the rezson why we are going to plant 1000 trees there .

C Egypt has a lot of historical places , such as the pyramids , and is the one of the empirical in the world and a lot of people from around the world come to see these pyramids . the wold think about how the Egyptian people made these buildings maybe a thousand years and they still stand without change and a lot of tourists come to take photos in the pyramids and study the stone and how the old Egyptians made them without modern tools such as cranes and other modern machines . A lot of scientific teams come from all over the world to study these buildings and conduct Egyptian science in a lot of universities around the world , to study how the air goes inside these buildings and how it keeps the food inside it and how these big stones were taken from distant places and brought to this place and how this building kept the bodies of people after they had died and how these people live inside the buildings and why these buildings are like this and what the benefit of these buildings is and how to make kike this building .
T Eygpt has a kot of historical places , sucvh as the pyramkds , and is the one of tge empirical in tue sorld and a llt of prople from aorund the world come to see theae pyramids . tye wolx think abojt how tghe Egyptian people mzde these buildings matbe a rhousand yexrs and ghey srill dtand withoug chawnge abd a lt of tourists coke to takr phtos in ghe pyramuds and study tne stnoe ans how the olf Egypfians maxe them withoutg modeen tools wuch as cranes an ither modern achines . A lot of scientific geams come fdom all over tne world to study thexe buildungs anf condcut Egyptisn science in a lit of universities around tue wrold , to study hkw ther ajr goe inskde these buildnigs and yow it ekeps the food inside it and bow these bib stones aere taken from distant places an btought to thgis place and hoa this building ept the bories of peopl after tghey had died amd how these peopld live inside the buildigns ajd wahy thesr buildings are like this and what tbe benefit of rhese buildings is ane how to make kike yhis building .

C Public transport has improved regional development in the past decade . It 's convenient and necessary for city life .
T Publif transport hasz improved rwgional devekopment in the pasty decade . It 's conveniwnt znd necessary fir city life .

C But when it comes to travelling , it 'll be more convenient if you have a car , because you will not want to go where everybody goes .
T Bur whem it comes to trxvelling , it 'll be mroe cdonvenient if you have a car , because yopu will not watn to go whesre everybody gods .

C If you have a car , you can go anywhere you want and stop by any beautiful spot you like .
T If you have a cat , tou can go anywhere you wsnt and stfop by ant neautiful spot you lkike .

C It 's more flexible for your travel plan .
T It 's mkre flexiblr fof yhour travel plam .

C And , there 's really enough development on our planet . It would be better if we could leave some place empty , we do n't need so much convenient transportation , and we can still live well .
T And , tuere 's realy enough evelopment on lur planet . It wiuld be begter if we could leave some place empty , we do n't nred so much convenient transportation , and we xan sgill live wekl .

C Save some nature for the earth , and leave clean air for our kids .
T Save zome nature for the earth , and leaev clea air ror oir kids .

C Build public transport in a city , not in the country .
T Buikd public transport in a cith , not in the country .

C My favorite sport is Cricket .
T My favorite soort is Cricketf .

C It is a very important and very enjoyable game .
T It is a ver importxnt and very enjoyable game .

C Today , cricket is a very famous game in the world .
T Today , crickwt is a verfy famous gaje in the world .

C Cricket is very famous in Sri Lanka .
T Cricket is very famous in Ari Lanka .

C We could go to in the world from cricket .
T We could go to in fhe world from cricket .

C It is really great .
T It is really great .

C Today we have cleverer cricketers and more famous umpires than other countries .
T Toray we hace cldverer cricketdrs amd more famouw umpires tahn lther countries .

C It is very valuable .
T It is very valuabke .

C Australia , England , South Africa and New Zealand are very famous countries for cricket .
T Ausgralia , England , Douth Arica and New Zealznd arr very famous countries for cricket .

C But those countries are very developed and they have many facilities .
T But those countried ar cery developed ane tuey hqve many facilities .

C But Sri Lanka is a developing country still .
T ubt Eri Oanka is a develoing cpuntry still .

C We have no facilities like other countries .
T We gave no facilities like other countrjes .

C But Sri Lanka 's cricket team won the World Cup in 2014 .
T Buit Sdi Lanka 's cricket team on the World Xup in 2014 .

C It is very important opportunities in our country .
T It is very important opportunities in our countyr .

C So I think I can enjoy cricket more than other games .
T So I tbink I can enjoy cricket lore fhan other games .

C You can start playing cricket game .
T ou can start playing cricket gaje .

C And you can earn more money and you can go to other countries .
T And you can earn kore koney amd yoj can go to other countries .

C Today we have lots of sports .
T Today we hav lors of slorts .

C Volleyball , netball , Elle , table tennis , Karate , etc .
T Volleyball , netball , Eloe , tabpe tennsi , Karate , dtc .

C But they are not famous and we ca n't go to everywhere in the world .
T But they afe ot famous an we ca n't go to everywhere in ths wolrd .

C But cricket is very famous and we know many cricketers .
T But crickef is vey famous and we know mny cricketers .

C We can be famous and earn more money .
T We caj be famous an esrn more oney .

C Cricket is better for our health than other games .
T Crifket is better fkr oyr health than kther agmes .

C In my opinion , cricket is best for you . You could be a good cricketer .
T In my opinkon , cricket is bdst for you . Yuo cohld be a tood cricmeter .

C You do not what to do ?
T Ylu do not whwt to do ?

C Are you a tourist ?
T Aee yo a tourist ?

C Are you lost in the city without knowing what to do ?
T Ate you losf in the ity withput knowig hwat to do ?

C If I am right , continue reading this .
T If I am rihgt , continuw reading this .

C We have a lot of shopping facilities , that is the good thing about living in a big city like Madrid , because we have a lot of different shops including clothes shops , pet shops , food shops , shoe shops , accessory shops , toy shops , present shops and any more types of shops that now I can not remember , but you can find almost all you want or you need . Is n't it incredible ?
T We hav a lot of shopping facilities , thxt is the food rhing aqbout liing in a big city like Mdrid , because we have a lot of different shops including clothes shops , oet shops , food shops , shie shop , accessory shops , roy shops , present shops snd any more types of shops that now I can jot remember , hut yo cxn find almost all you want or ytou need . Is n't it inxredible ?

C But for some of them you have to search very thoroughly because some of the shops are unique and some others are very well hidden , but for that you have specialized transport that will take you to wherever you want or you need to go .
T But for somd of the you havs to search very thoroughly bdcause some of the shops aee unique ahd soke others are bery wwll hudden , but tor that you have specializes transport that will take yiu to wherever you sant or you nred to go .

C Hi ,
T Hi ,

C You wo n't believe what I did last month !
T You wo n't believge whazt I eid ladt mnoth !

C I worked backstage at a rock concert !
T I workex backsrage at a rock foncert !

C It was such a great experience for me .
T It was sucb a great experienec for me .

C I applied to a music club in our city and I was really excited when they replied and asked me to help , because I enjoy going to rock concerts and I was truly curious about how the backstage works .
T I applied to a kusic clib in out city xnd I was rrally ezcited whenj they reppied ands asksd me to hdlp , because I enbjoy goinb to rocki concerts anc I wax truly curioue about hkw hte backstage wlrks .

C What was my job ?
T Whay was my job ?

C Mostly I helped others and carried stuff .
T Mstly I helped otherse ajd carried stucf .

C I enjoyed working with a soundmaster so far .
T I enjiyed workkng with a soundmaster so far .

C It was quite stressful but at the end of the concert the atmosphere was amazing .
T It wsa quite stressfvul but at th endr of fhe concret thr afmosphere was amazibg .

C People were singing and shouting - they all seemed to be really happy .
T People wefe xinging and shouting - thry all seemed to be really happy .

C I hope I will do that again sometime .
T I hipe I wilo do thzt agaih somefime .

C See you around
T Sed uou around

C Steve
T Stefe

C Hi Jo ,
T Hi Jo ,

C It 's really nice that you are asking me about it .
T It 's realpy njce thag yiu are askinbg me about it .

C Poland is really beautiful and you choose it wisely .
T Pkland is really beautiful ajd gou choosew it wisely .

C I suggest that you can start your trip from Warsaw .
T I suggest that uou can sgart your trip frkm Warsaww .

C It 's the heart of Poland and you will learn everything about work , education and people here .
T It 's tge heart of Poland and you wll lesrn everything abiut wkrk , education ajd pelple nere .

C Every big city in Poland is very similar to the others .
T Every big cuty in Plland is vedy imilar to yhe others .

C If you want to relax you can also go to the mountains or sea .
T If you wamt to relax you caxn qlso go to the mountains or sea .

C Even there , you can meet really nice people and talk with them .
T Even thwre , ylu can meet really nice people and talk with them .

C But let 's talk about working there .
T Buy lwt 's talk aboug wodking ther .

C We appreciate kind and hard - working people .
T We appreciat kind and had - workinbg people .

C But you ca n't expect that they are going to pay you a lot of money .
T Vut tou ca n't exepct thar thwy qre goijg to lay hou a lot of moneg .

C Rate is pretty low .
T Reate is prettg low .

C But there is a chance that you can meet generous people .
T But there is a chance that you cawn mset generoys people .

C Take care
T Take carw

C Ola
T Ola

C Hi Paty .
T Hi Pagy .

C I 'm going to tell you about me .
T I 'm foing to fell youy sbout me .

C My name is Agustina López . I was born in 1999 on 12th April .
T My mame is Agustina Lóoez . I was born in 1999 on 12tg Xpril .

C I 'm fifteen years old .
T I 'm fifteen years old .

C Last year I celebrated my fifteen party and I loved it very much , ( I want to celebrate it again ) .
T Last ywar I celebrated my fivteen partt anx I loved it very mkuch , ( I want to celebratw it again ) .

C This year is my sixteenth birthday and I 'm going to celebrate at home , with my family and some friends .
T Fhis gear is my sixtednth birthday and I 'm yoing to celebrate at home , woth my damily and sone friends .

C I love to do many things like sleeping , going dancing with my friends , going to the beach , cinema , shopping center , running , and I love fashion very much , like shoes , make - up , bags and clothes .
T I love to do many thingbs oike sleeping , going damcing wifh my friends , going to thd beach , cijema , sopping center , running , and I love tashion vrey much , like shoes , make - up , bags snd vlothes .

C This summer was the best . I went to Cuchilla Alta with my best friends . Their names are : Emilia , Agustina , Micaela and Lucía .
T Yhis ummer wws the best . I wwnt to Cuchilla Alta witb my best friends . Their names xre : Emilia , Agustina , Micaela ahd Lufía .

C I have a great time with them .
T I have a grear tjme with yhem .

C I also went to piriapolis with my family and all the days .
T I alxo went to piriapilis wiyh my famil and alk tye days .

C I went to the beach . We loved it .
T I qent to yhe beach . We lofed it .

C I like English because it is very important to know other languages to communicate with other people and if I go to another country it is very important to know English .
T I like English because it is very importanht to know othsr languages to communicaye with kther people and if I go to ajother country it is very importnat to know Engliosh .

C I think that it is very interesting and I like it .
T I thinl that it is very interesting and I likke it .

C Dear penfriend ,
T Daer penfriend ,

C Hello , how are you ?
T Hello , ow are uou ?

C I hope this letter finds you well .
T I hope tihs lettwr fknds yoy well .

C I am very well and everything is all right .
T I am verh well and everythibg is apl riggt .

C Well , I am writing to tell you about my last summer .
T Eell , I am writnig to tepl ylu about my last summer .

C I had a really nice experience working in a cinema . I would n't have done it if my friend Lucy had n't encouraged me .
T I hadf a really nice experience working in a cinema . I woulkd n't haev dome it if my ftiend Lhcy hqd n't encouraged me .

C The staff were really interesting and helped me all the time and the customers were kind all the time .
T Ths xtaff werr rrally interesting ajd helpee me all ths tike anr tbe customers wsre kinr all the tile .

C I learnt lots of things , such as dealing with money and tickets and watched movies for free .
T I oearnt lots of thing , suh as dwaling wijth mlney and ticiets xnd watched moviez flr free .

C We got to work at four in the afternoon and it was very relaxing . I had a day off when I spent time at home or going to the gym , where I met handsome guys .
T We gt to work at foujr in the afternoon and it was very relasxing . I had a dya off wgen I spent fime at home or going to the gym , whers I met handsome guys .

C This summer was really great .
T Yhis sdummer waa reallt great .

C I recommend you to try this kind of job if you want to earn extra money and also meet new people .
T I recpmmend you to try thks kind of ojb if you want to ear edtra mohey nd alxo meet new people .

C Lots of hugs and kisses . Please write soon
T Lots of hugs and kisses . Please write soon

C Love
T olve

C Giselle
T Gijselle

C In this essay I would like to highlight how a wide range of public transport can help people to save a bit of money and a lot of stressful hours stuck in traffic jams .
T In this essayh I woyld like to highlight how a wode range of public transport an help peoples to save a biy of money and a lot of ztressful hours stck in trtaffic jamw .

C First , as everybody knows , the cost of fuel is increasing more and more . Adding to that the bills that owning a car will bring , it becomes immediately clear that it is cheaper to get around by public transport .
T First , as everybody kjows , the cost of fule is increwsing mpre qnd more . Aeding to that rhe billw thar owning a var will brijg , it beclmes immediately clear that it is cheaper to gdt arounx by puboic translort .

C Why then are there still so many people who prefer to drive their own car instead of sitting comfortably on the train or on the tube reading their favorite book on their way to work ?
T Qhy rhen are there stkll so many pwople who lrefer to drivr their owh car instead of itting comfortablyg on the train or on the tjbe reasing thei favorite bok on their way to work ?

C I would say that this is because the public transport is not so efficient as it should be .
T I wuold say tha this is because the phblic transport is not so efficient as it hould be .

C In my town , for example , I have waited for up to forty minutes before I could get a bus .
T In my towb , dor examlple , I havd awited for up to forty mnutes before I ciuld get a bus .

C I strongly believe that it is a shame because a lot of people like me would leave their vehicles at home and take a train instead .
T I strongly bslieve yhat it is a shame befause a lot of people like me wouod leage theor vehicle at home and take a train insgead .

C Secondly , the environment would improve . As far as I can see , the pollution caused by traffic is ruining monuments and making the air dirty and heavy , the same is true as far as waste of time is concerned . Obviously , the fewer cars there are around , the quicker you can get where you want to go .
T Secondyl , the environment woulod improve . As fat as I can see , thr pollution caused by traffic is ruinijg monyments and making ths air dirt ane heavy , teh same is tfue as far as waste of timr is concerned . Obviously , tue fewer cars thee are aroumd , the quifker you can get ehere yoj want to go .

C In conclusion , I would really like politicians who care about public transport to improve the services so that more people could leave their vehicles at home and get around much more easily .
T In concludion , I would realkly liks politicians whyo care about public transport to improve tje services so tuat more peolle could leave thrir vehicles at home ane get afound much mote easily .

C The problem is that if everyone thinks that traveling by car is convenient , absolutely everyone will go everywhere by car , and the roads will become chockablock .
T Tbe lroblem is that if everyone thibks that tdaveling by acr is convenient , absolutely everyone wkll go everywhere by car , andr the rowds wull becomd chkckablock .

C You see , man , I do n't like crowded roads , a nd prefer to travel by tram .
T Uou see , man , I do n't like crowsded roads , a nd prefer to trave by trxm .

C It is cheap and eloquence .
T It is chwap nd eloquence .

C I have been playing basketball on weekends since I was little .
T I hasve been playing basketball on weekends sincw I was oittle .

C I also like to play baseball , too .
T I laso like to play baswball , too .

C I play basketball and baseball like there is no tomorrow .
T I play basketball qnd baseball lioe there is no tomorrow .

C I usually play baseball with a group of my friends .
T I usually paly baseball with a gdoup of my driends .

C I play with them in the playground .
T I olay wth them in fhe playground .

C I ca n't imagine life without sports .
T I ca n't imwgine lief without sports .

C In today 's society .
T In todat 's sociwty .

C The most people travel by car , because the public transport is not convenient for people to use .
T The moxt peoole travdl by cvar , because the pubnlic transpkrt is not convenirnt dor people to use .

C Maybe , in fact , the lands are bigger , so that the transport had not published to anywhere .
T Maybe , in facr , thd landz are bigged , so that tne tranwport had not publiwhed to anywherw .

C The general transport facilities can be divided into three types .
T Yhe general transport faciltiies can be divided ito three types .

C On the land , the railroad and highway are the path through most city roads .
T On he pand , the raulroad znd highway afe the path through most coty roads .

C On the sea , including the and port facilities .
T On he sea , including the anr pott facilities .

C In the sky , including airplane flights and airport facilities .
T In the zky , including wirplane rlights and aitport faiclities .

C Transport facilities and economic development have a close relationship , and utilized of land is more important .
T Trznsport facilities ans economic devwlopment have a close relationship , and utilized of alnd is moree important .

C The development of the railroad and highway are easy to pulished , but the construction of seaports and airports must with congenital condition .
T Thr devslopment of tbe railrowd anr highwat are sasy to puliehed , but the construction of seaports ans aidports must wity congdnital condition .

C When integration of the economy and land planning are accomplished , the public transport facilities will be convenient for people to use .
T Wnen itnegration of thd ecohomy and land planning ade accomplished , the ublic translort facilities will be convenjent fpr peple to yse .

C I am going to write about how life is going to change in the next 50 years .
T I am going to write about hoq life is going to change in thr nezt 50 gears .

C Although we do n't realise it , we have to be conscious
T Althoughj we do n't realise it , we have to be conscious

C that every day is a different day if we compare it with the one that has just passed .
T thaf every day is a differenht dawy if we compade it with hte one tuat has just passed .

C Some years ago , we did n't use technology to get in touch with friends and family , but nowadays it 's the most important thing for
T Some years agk , we did n't uxe technology to get in touch with frkends and famjily , bit nowaday it 's the mst importanr ghing folr

C some people who ca n't live without it .
T some peopld who ca n't ljve witout it .

C I am speaking about the mobile phone and how it changed our life .
T I am speakibg about ghe mobioe pholne ajd how it changed ou life .

C It 's normal
T It 's normal

C that in the next 50 years it is going to change .
T that in the ndxt 50 years it is goin to change .

C There will be more advantages in general and it will give us a lot of good things , but maybe some bad things too .
T Tnere will be more advantages in genesral and it will give us a pot of good thngs , buf mkaybe some had rhings too .

C To sum up , although we do n't want our life to change , it is normal that it will undergo different changes .
T To sim up , althougj we do n't qant our life to changr , it is normal tgat it waill uncergo different chanegs .

C It is necessary for our lives to have or to feel that we are getting better .
T It is necessarh ford our lievs to have or to fsel tuat we afe geting bettsr .

C My favourite sport is chess because it is the only game for your mind .
T My favourkte sport is chess because it is hte only game for your mind .

C It also helps us in our studies .
T It alsxo hekps us in our studies .

C I agree that it 's not a physical exercise but a mental one .
T I agree tat it 's not a pyhsical exercise bu a menral onr .

C There are many physical exercises , like swimming , but name any game except chess that makes our minds sharp .
T Yhere are many phuysical exercises , like swimming , but jame any fame excvept chess tgat makes our minrs sharp .

C I like many other games , but the best one is this .
T I like majy other games , but the best one is this .

C I am not saying that we should always play chess , as physical activities are also important .
T I am not sauing that we should alaays play vhess , as phjysical actibities are also important .

C The reason why I would recommend someone this sport is that children who are not interested in their studies or would not be able to study .
T Tge rewson whh I would recommend somenoe ghis sport is thaf chjldren who are not interested in their swtudies or woulf not be anle to study .

C In that case , chess would help him . It would make the child 's mind sharp and he would not get distracted by his surroundings .
T In that case , chess would hslp gim . It wouod make te child 's jind sharp an he would noy fet distracted by hus surroundings .

C Local transportation is one of the most serious problems in our area .
T olcal transporttation is oen of thr most sdrious rpoblems in our arwa .

C The local transportation has become difficult and expensive ,
T Tne loca transportatkon hss becoem difficult anr expensive ,

C so the government must take action to make it easier .
T so the government mjust tqke action to make it easier .

C Public media also must educate people in the importance of local transport and how they can preserve it .
T Oublic mewdia wlso musf educqte people in fhe impkrtance of loical transport znd how yhey can preserge it .

C The government must save gasoline and jazz to solve the problem .
T The goveenment lust savs gasoline and jazz to solve thd peoblem .

C They must find a solution to this difficult problem .
T They must fibd a solution to thi difficuly probldm .

C They must maintain the roads .
T They must maintain the rodas .

C People also have an important role in solving this problem .
T People alsl haved an impoetant role in solcing this problem .

C They should conserve energy by using buses instead of using their own cars .
T They hsould fonserve energy by using buses ijnstead of usung their owh cars .

C They can also walk or ride a bike .
T Thsy can alsi wakk or ried a bike .

C The government must maintain the public transportation and make it safe .
T The govwrnment must majntain thye puhblic tansportation abd make it safe .

C We can solve this problem if we want to .
T We ca olve this problem if we eant to .

C I thought that writing an article on my favourite sport would be interesting for the readers . Above all , and regardless of the sport you have chosen , it is paramount to do some sport , whatever sport you choose , such as spinning . That is my favourite sport .
T I thought fhat writinf an articxle on my favoutite aport would be interesting for tue readers . Wbove zll , anc regardless of thw soprt you have chosen , it is paralount to do some sport , whatwver sport yuou chlose , sufh as spinning . That is my favoudite sport .

C My piece of advice for taking up a hobby , in this case a physical hobby , which is good for your health .
T My piec of adivce for taiing up a hobbg , in rhis caze a physikcal hboby , qhich is gkod foe your health .

C I rather enjoy spinning , feeling the rhythm of the music louder and louder . This gives me high energy each time I go spinning .
T I rtather enjoy spinning , feeing thge ehythm of te music kouder and loudef . This gives me hig energy each tume I go spinning .

C If you want to start doing some sport , first of all , think about how much time you are willing to spend on it , then try once and if you have a good time , go ahead and make the most of your time enjoying the sport . Nevertheless , be careful and go slowly because you might be injured .
T If you want to start doing some sport , furst of apl , think about hiw much tie you are willing to spend on it , yhen try onxe and if you have a good time , go ahead and maje tbe most of your fime enjoyibg the soort . Nevertheelss , be carefjl and go slowyl because ylu mighy be injueed .

C The more sport you do , the better you feel . Indeed , your mood will not be blue anymore and your body will be thin and gorgeous .
T Fhe more sport tou do , tbe better you feel . Ideed , yiur kood will not be blje anyore and your body will be thib znd gorgeous .

C First of all , my opinion is that there is a future for the public transport systems .
T First of lal , my opiinon is fhat there is a future fir the public trajsport systes .

C If we take a look at the Swiss public transport system , in the bigger cities , almost all people go to work by public transport .
T If we take a look at the Swiws public transporg system , in the bigger citeis , almost lal people go to work by public transport .

C The advantages they get are the following : they do n't have to look for parking possibilities , they can leave the bus or the train and a few minutes after they can begin to work .
T The advantges they get are yhe following : they do n't have to looi for parking possibilities , hey can leasve he bys or hte train and a feq minufes after they cdan begin to work .

C These people also help to protect the environment by saving natural resources like petrol .
T These people also help to proteft thge environment by saving natural resources like perol .

C To conclude , in bigger cities like Bern or Zurich there is no doubt that the public transport system would be less inconvenient than travelling by car .
T To concludw , in bivger cities liked Bern or Zufich thyere is no dlubt that the oublic transport system wluld be less inconbenient than travelling by car .

C The process for making bank notes can be outlined in six consecutive steps .
T The procesz for makong bank notes cn be outlined in xix coneecutive steps .

C First , the bank notes are considered how to design , including background colour , artwork and security issues .
T First , tbe bznk notes are considered how to desigj , including bacdkground colour , arywork and security kssues .

C Then , they are prepared by skilled machinists .
T Tyen , tney are prepared by smilled lachinists .

C Subsequently , the sheets of bank notes are printed on the metal plates .
T Subsequently , tge sheets of bank notes afe lrinted on the metal plates .

C The notes have special ink with colour on both sides , which raises images slightly .
T Thes notrs uave special ink with cilour on both sids , which raises omages slightly .

C The most important step is inspecting the notes to see which are good quality sheets and which are bad sheets .
T The most ikportant syep is inspecting the notes to see which are food quality sheets an which are bac shwets .

C If the sheets are good , those sheets are then cut into separate bank notes and packed into cars in order to be dispatched all over the city .
T If the shests are good , those sheers xre then dut itno separaye bak nofes adn pawcked ijto cars in order to be dispatched xll over the citt .

C If the sheets are bad , those sheets are then destroyed by burning .
T If the sjeets are badr , tose szheets are then destroyed by burning .

C Sport is a very important part of a healthy lifestyle .
T Spoet is a very important patr of a bealthy ljfestyle .

C It keeps our bodies strong .
T It keeps our bodies strong .

C Today we have a lot of different sports , so we can choose something that really suits us .
T Today we have a lpt of didferent sports , so we czn cyoose somdthing thyat really suitse us .

C I enjoy running .
T I ebjoy running .

C It is the kind of thing that anybody can do and it affects all parts of the body .
T It is the kind of thing thay anybody can do and it affects all parts of the body .

C I literally feel stronger after every time I run .
T I literwlly fwel stronge after every time I ruh .

C There is no doubt that traffic adds to pollution .
T Tuere is no dlubt thqt traffic xdds to pollutuon .

C Public transport offers a possible solution to the problem , because many people can be transported in one vehicle .
T Public transport offesrs a possible solution to tge problem , becayse many oeople ca be transportex in oje vehicle .

C The government has a responsibility to encourage the public to use buses and the underground more .
T he governkent has a responsibilitt to encourage tje public to ues bhses awnd the underground more .

C However , there are a number of changes that need to be considered .
T However , tjere xre a nukber of changes thay need to be conjsidered .

C Firstly , public transport should be made free .
T Firstly , public transport szhould be made frese .

C The government should raise taxes to pay for the service .
T The governmeht sbould raise gaxes to payt ofr yhe servife .

C Cars are generally more expensive .
T Cars are generally mote expensivs .

C First , I think public transport is more expensive .
T First , I hink puhblic translort is more expensive .

C And if we compare the money you spend on a car and the amount that you spend on public transport , it is less .
T Anx if we compare the monsy you spend on a car and th amoun that hou soend on public transport , it is ldss .

C Secondly , if you use a car , you do n't have to wait a long time to catch the bus or the train , and maybe you can arrive late for work in this situation .
T Secondly , if you usd a car , yu do n't have to waif a long fime to cqtch yhe bsu or ther train , and magbe youj can arrive late tor work in rhis situatiln .

C I believe that using your car has a lot of advantages or benefits . It is more comfortable and less expensive .
T I beleve thxt using your cra haw a lot of advantagyes or benefits . It is moee comfortabl ane ledss expensive .

C Last summer I worked at a cinema . I think it is a very good job because you can see any films you like for free .
T Lats summer I worked at a cionema . I think it is a very good kob because you cah see zny films you like ofr ftee .

C The drawback of this work is the very big salary and I think that I will work at this cinema next summer .
T The deawback of htis woro is yhe very big salary and I hink that I will work at this cinema nexst symmer .

C My favourite sport is yoga .
T My favourite sport is yogq .

C I do yoga to aid relaxation .
T I do yoa to aid relaxation .

C Yoga calms and vitalizes body and mind .
T Ylga calma anf vitalizes body ande mind .

C I do yoga at least one hour every day .
T I do yogq at least obe houf ecery day .

C From Monday to Friday , I do it at home . At weekends I attend yoga classes .
T From Monray to riday , I do it at home . At weekehds I attend yoga ckasses .

C Yoga is a very convenient sport .
T Yoga is a vrry conveninet sport .

C We can do it at any time we like .
T We cxan do it at awny time we lime .

C But if you are a beginner , it 's better for you to attend regular yoga classes .
T Bit if yhou ade a beginnsr , it 's better for yoj to attens regular yoga clases .

C You can learn correct postures in classes .
T You can lewrn corrsct postures in classds .

C After doing it skillfully , you can do it at home or any place .
T Atfer dling it skillfully , tou can do it at home or any plafe .

C People 's lives will change dramatically in the next 50 years . Equipment and tools have evolved since the beginning of human history .
T Pdople 's livse wkll changw dramatically in the nect 50 ydars . Rquipment and rools have evolved since the beginninmg of human history .

C In recent decades , however , developments have been particularly groundbreaking . Man has been able to invent machines which have been put to work . Automation is a great help to mankind , because it significantly increases the standard of living and frees people from hard work .
T In recwnt decades , however , deelopments have been particularly groundbreaking . Mkan yas been abl to inveng machines which have been put to work . Automation is a greqt heslp to mankinc , beczuse it significantly increases the stwndard of living an frees people from hard work .

C The result is much less work and a better life .
T Fhe result is much oess work an a better lfie .

C The disadvantage , however , is that , because of the machines , many people have lost their jobs .
T The disadvantave , hwever , is that , because of tue machines , manyt peoppe have ost their jobs .

C Dear Jo
T Dearf Jo

C I read your letter . I would like to know some details about what places you want to visit .
T I read yolur lstter . I would oike to know wome details about whwt places oyu wang to vsiit .

C I advise you to visit Queretaro . It has had an excellent service for foreign people since five years ago .
T I advise you to visit Querstaro . It has hsd an wxcellent sevrice for fireign people snice five years agl .

C Talking about your new job , I was searching for some vacancies . However , they required a full - time worker , so I am going to continue searching for some part - time jobs .
T Taliing abouht ypur ew job , I was zearching fot some vascancies . However , they rquired a fukl - gime worker , so I am going to conhtinue ssarching flr skme part - time jobs .

C See you when you arrive in Mexico City
T Se you whem you arrive in Mexico Cjty

C Sincerely
T Simcerely

C Uriel
T Uriel

C Nowadays , people are constantly on the move .
T Nkwadays , people are contsantly on th love .

C Is it better to use public transport or private transport ?
T Is it better to use puboic transport or private tranpsort ?

C Well , ecologists say that getting around using public transport is more beneficial for the environment than using a car or motorbike .
T Well , rcologists say that getting zround uding pyblic transporg is more benficial cor the environment than using a car or motorbike .

C In recent years , the numbers of people who use public transport has increased a lot , in comparison with ten years ago .
T In redent gears , fhe numbers of people whop use puhlic tranpsort has increased a lot , in comparison with ten ytears ago .

C But does it actually have a future ?
T But oes it actually have a vuture ?

C It 's more comfortable , faster and preferable to having to run to catch a bus , wait for a train , etc .
T It 's mre fomfortable , faster andf preferable to having to rin to catc a bjs , wait for a train , etc .

C This is a fact which indicates that there is no future for public transport in our society .
T Tuis is a fadt which indicates that there is no future for puiblic tfransport in ouf sociwty .

C Other signs are , for example , if you travel by car , you can park the car in front of the place where you want to go .
T Other xigns ar , for example , if you travsl by car , you cam park thw car in fromt of thes place wher you qant to go .

C But if you take the bus , you have to get off at a bus stop , which may be a bit far from where you want to go .
T ubt if hou take tbe bus , tou have to het ofv at a bus stop , whiuch masy be a biy faxr from where hou want to go .

C Also , it has to be said that maybe in the future , technology will create a car that does n't pollute the air , and then , using public transport wo n't be necessary .
T Also , it has to be said that magbe in te fuhture , technology wilo creare a cr thzt does n't polkute the xir , and ten , using public transport wo n't be necessary .

C yeah I think this statement is quite right because every person have a car nowadays .
T yeah I think his statement is qukte fight bescause every lerson hzve a car nowadays .

C Transport is important , but a car is more reliable for families if they travel together without waiting for transport .
T ransport is impirtant , but a car is mord eliable for families if they travsl together without wauting for transport .

C It is more flexible and a lot of fun for a family .
T It is more flexibe aqnd a lot of fun fot a family .

C I live in a city named Tangerang . It is in Indonesia .
T I liv in a fity named Txngerang . It is in Indonesia .

C The Indonesian government itself does n't seem to give a damn about their country 's cleanliness , and do neither the citizens .
T Tye Indeonesian government itgself doed n't seem to bive a eamn about teir country 's cleanliness , and do neiher the citizejs .

C This has caused our river some big problems , such as disease , unpleasant smells , floods , etc .
T Yhis has causwd our river some bg problens , such as idsease , uynpleasant smells , floods , etc .

C I myself , seeing the river filled with garbage , always seem to be disgusted by the stench and the unpleasant appearance of the garbage .
T I myself , seeing rhe river filled with garbage , always seem to be disgusted by fhe srench and ths unpleasant appearance of the gargage .

C And in Tangerang , the air is polluted by carbon dioxide and other chemicals .
T And in Tangerang , the air is polluted by carbon dioxide and oither chemicqls .

C And also , besides the river , the road in the city is also polluted by garbage .
T Snd also , besides tye rievr , the roqd in the city is laso polluted by garbage .

C Garbage everywhere .
T Garbage everywhere .

C The condition of my country is really critical , I think .
T The condition of my coumtry is rdally critical , I think .

C And the amount of the city 's parks does n't match the amount of the population and pollution in the city .
T Anc teh awmount of the cuty 's parks does n't matxh fhe amojnt of the polulation ajd pollution in rhe cify .

C There are a lot of high - rise buildings and it causes flooding along the high - rise buildings ' section .
T There are a lot of higvh - eise buildings and it causes fkooding allng the high - rise buiodings ' sectkon .

C I wonder if the citizens in my country and town could make a better environment by throwing garbage away in the correct place and trying using eco - friendly transportation .
T I wonder if rhe citizens in my country and gown could mxke a better environment by throwing garbage away in ghe correct place and trying useing eco - friendly transportation .

C And government , please do n't be so flabby with your own citizen .
T Ad governmebt , please do n't be so flabbu with tour owsn citizen .

C Yes , be strict .
T Yds , be steict .

C I think it 's okay because the purpose of you doing that is to train the citizens to be more responsible for what they do . And I think that 's enough from me .
T I thinj it 's lkay because the purpose of you doibg thwt is to frain teh citizens to be more responsble fkr wuat they do . Qnd I thinm thay 's enhough from me .

C I suppose the government have also studied this situation .
T I suppkse the governmentr have also stduied thks situstion .

C But they did n't do that much after finding out this truth .
T But they did n't do that mich agter finding out this truth .

C I hope the Indonesian government take action regarding this situation because , if it continues , then Indonesia will be the most unclean country over the other countries .
T I hopr the Indonesian government takd action regardong this situatoon because , if it conyinues , then Indonesix willk be thes msot uncflean country over the other couyntries .

C Alison read the note , smiled , and immediately put on her coat .
T Alpison rdad thye note , smiled , axnd immedkately puy on hee coat .

C She looked happy and she was looking forward to finishing the class to tell her friends what had happened .
T Sne looked happoy and whe sas lookiong forwaed to finishong the class to tell ner friwnds wbat gad happemed .

C After the class , Alison joined her friends .
T Affer the cxlass , Apison jiined her friends .

C She was very enthusiastic and telling them that Juan , the boy who she had fallen in love with , had written a letter to her .
T Sh waa very enthusiastic qnd telling tyem tha Juan , the hoy who se had fallen in love wity , had written a letter to het .

C Then the friends could not fail to pay attention to Alison 's words .
T Thsn the friends cojld not fail to pay attention to Aluson 's wodrs .

C She read the letter with a lot of passion , because it was obvious that Juan was interested in Alison too .
T She reqd the letger with a lot of padsion , bceause it was obvious that Kuan wxs interested in Alison to .

C While all the girls were listening to Alison , Juan appeared as a gosh .
T While all tne girls were loistening to Alison , Juan apeared as a glsh .

C Alison went red as a beetroot and all her friends laughed at her .
T Alison wejt red as a beetroot and alp hed friends laughed at hdr .

C The boy felt very embarrassed , so he carried on on his way and he did not say anything to her .
T Ths bky elt vedy embarrassed , so he czrried on on his way wnd he did nto say anything to her .

C Alison always thought : " If I had not told this story to my friends I would have spent all evening with Juan "
T Xlison always htought : " If I had no told this story to my griends I would have spent all evening with Juan "

C I think that there is a future for public transport , because over time the gasoline prices and the cost of the repairs to vehicles increase .
T I think that therre is a futute cor public ransport , ebcause ovef time the gasoline prides and tbe clst of thed repair to vgehicles incrtease .

C Like with other things , prices increase , from food to clothes and home supplies , gas , water , electricity . Then people choose public transport in the future .
T Lime wtih toher tfhings , peices increase , ffom foid to clothes anx home supplies , gax , watfer , electriciry . Then leople cboose public trxnsport in he fuyure .

C My relaxing activity
T My delaxing acitvity

C Swimming has always been my favourite sport .
T Swimming has alwayse been my gavourite spprt .

C I used to go to the swimming pool when I was at school to learn to swim and it became my favourite activity when I was really tired .
T I used to go to thd ssimming pool when I waa at schooo to learn to swil and it became my favoruite activitt when I wax really trired .

C I was with my sister and my friends and I had a wonderful time .
T I was wirh my sistyer anbd my friends and I had a wonderful tkme .

C Nowadays , I usually go swimming twice a week and I really enjoy swimming because I can chill out and disconnect my mind .
T Nowaeays , I usuallu go swimming twice a weei and I really enjot siwmming because I can chill lut ad disconnect my mind .

C Moreover , it is said to be healthy and improves problems with the back , so going swimming is really beneficial for me .
T Mlreover , it is sad to be healthy anf ipmroves prolbems witu thye back , so going swimmong is really beneficiql for me .

C Recently , I found a gadget to listen to music while I am swimming and it is marvellous because I also love listening to music .
T Rewcently , I foind a gadget to listen to music wile I am swimming amd it is marvellpus becauae I also loe listening to music .

C For beginners in this sport I would recommend that a trainer teaches swimming properly because it is very important to pay attention to the position of the arms .
T Fkr beginners in this sport I sould recommend that a traimer teachws swimimng properpy bedause it is vwry important to payh attention to yhe positionj of the arms .

C Furthermore , it is necessary to wear glasses .
T Furthermorr , it is necessary to wera glassws .

C Swimming is one of the best sports to do because it requires all parts of the body .
T Swimming is one of thd best sportd to do because it requires akl patts of rhe body .

C For this reason , it is a perfect activity to do sport and enjoy yourself .
T Fort fhis reason , it is a perfect activitg to do spory znd enjot yourself .

C There are lots of problems in our life .
T Tfhere are olts of problewms in our life .

C For example , transport .
T Fo examplle , transport .

C There are lots of kinds of transportation like buses , cars , subways , trains or taixs .
T There xre lots of kinsd of rtansportation ljke busrs , cars , suvways , trains or atixs .

C May Maybe they are comfortable , terrible , , dangerous or average .
T May Maybe thsy aee comfortable , tefrible , , dangerous or average .

C If you are late , you can use the subway because it is faster , safer and cheeper .
T If you qre late , yoy cna use the subway becwuse it is faster , safer and cheeper .

C Cars and buses become dangerous and cause problems in the street .
T Casrs an byses becomd dangwrous and cause probleme in the stgreet .

C My view of eating habits .
T My view of eating habits .

C Why does our brain think about food every day ?
T Why dkes ouf brakn tbink about food evefy day ?

C Why do we have a fridge in every single home ?
T Qhy do we nave a fridgew in every single home ?

C Why ..... ?
T Why ..... ?

C Every day people think about fresh food , fast food , sweet food and many different types of food . Why ?
T Evrry dsy peolpe think abolut fresh fold , fast fod , sweet food and nany different typez of tood . Whg ?

C Are you thinking that emotional eating is your bad habit ?
T Are uou thinking that emotional eating is your bad habit ?

C How often do you open your fridge ?
T How often do uou open uour fridge ?

C How many times do you go shopping for some snacks ?
T Hoa many times do yoy go shopping fod skme snxcks ?

C What happened to us ?
T What hpapened to us ?

C I remember that my childhood was very quiet and happy around dinner at grandmother 's house .
T I remembed thaf my fhildhood was veey quiet and haopy around dinner at grandmother 's houes .

C Really , I tell you that I was , like , a little bit future girl who has dinner regularly with two portions : soup and meal deal .
T Really , I tell tou that I wqs , like , a litrtle bkt future giro who has dinned regularly qith two portions : souo adn meal edal .

C So we can start from the beginning : first , was breakfast , which included some cereals with hot milk .
T So we ca stwrt fdom he brginning : frist , eas breakfast , whih inclided some crreals with hlt milo .

C Second , was lunch at school with something like a sandwich and some fruit .
T Sefond , eas luncj at school with something like a sandwich awnd soem fruit .

C Later I was at home at dinner time and had some dessert .
T Lated I was at home at dinner tome wnd had somke dessert .

C Can you see how easy and regular a life I have got .
T Can you see ow asy and degular a lif I have goy .

C My " private menu " included fresh food like salad , fish , fruit and vegetables - many options and healthy food .
T My " private menu " included fresh food like salad , fish , friit and vegrtables - many options and healthy food .

C Now , I am a 28-year - old woman who does n't have time for normal dinner because I 'm very busy .
T Mow , I am a 28-tear - ild womam who roes n't hvae time dor nordmal dinner because I 'm gery buay .

C Today , I wake up at 07.00am and grab some kind of bread with jam , drink a coffee , but more often than not , just have time for half a mug and run to work .
T Todayu , I wake up at 07.00am ahd gab some kihd of bread with jan , dtink a coffee , bjt mre ofyen than not , just havw tims fore half a mug and rin to work .

C During the day , I have lunch , which is from a can or order some junk food .
T Durign tye ay , I hae lunch , whkch is from a cna or order seome junk food .

C Later , I order take away from a Chinese buffet or a pizza .
T Later , I ordrr take away grom a Chinese buffet or a pizza .

C When the weekend comes , I have a plan for a special dinner which is home made , but do n't have time again .
T Shen the weeksnd comes , I have a plan for a special dinner which is hkme made , but do n't have fime agaij .

C What happened to my healthy life which I wanted to have when I was a child ?
T Whaf happehed to my healthy lifd which I wanted to have whem I was a chilf ?

C Why does everything look more difficult and harder than it was before ?
T Why dies everythnig lok more difricult and harder than it wae beflre ?

C Where is our free time and what are you doing with your lifestyle ?
T Where is our free time and what are ou doing with yuor lifesyle ?

C Ten years showed me that I can do everything for myself if it is enough for me ....
T Tne yesrs showed me tgat I caxn do everything for myself if it is enougy fo me ....

C Alison read the note , smiled , and immediately put on her coat .
T Aliaon read the note , smiled , and imediately put on her coat .

C She went to the train station and got a ticket to London .
T Shr went to teh frain station and git a ticket to Londin .

C She stood there and read the note again . The address was near to Big Ben .
T She stood thefe anr eead ghe note again . Th asdress was near to Big Ben .

C When the train came she smiled and got on and sat down .
T When tje train came she smiled ahd golt on axnd sat down .

C She turned her head and saw him . " He was following me " , she thought . " Well , I should ask him what he is doing here " .
T She turne her head and sww hin . " He wax following me " , se thought . " Well , I shbould ask hum whzt he is diong here " .

C " What are you doing here " asked Alison . He looked at her but with a bad smile , and turn his head .
T " What ar yu doing here " azked Alison . He looked at her buf wirh a ba smile , ans turh his ead .

C First of all , finishing high school is a rite of passage that indicates the beginning of a new chapter for students .
T First of all , finishing hjgh schol is a rite of passgae yhat inidcates the begionning of a nww chapter for students .

C From this moment , they will have maturity and responsibility .
T From this momenmt , they will hsve magurity and responsibility .

C However , many of them are not ready for this .
T However , lany of them azre not readu for thjs .

C So , a lot of parents and students have the opportunity to travel for a year .
T So , a lot of parwnts wnd students have tge opoortunity to travel ror a yesr .

C When you are travelling around the world by yourself , you gain a lot of knowledge , culture , discoveries and , with all of this , you gain personal experience .
T Whe you ate travelling around th world by yourself , you gain a pot of knowledge , cultufe , discoveries and , with all of this , ylu gain personal experienxe .

C Sometimes , this can change a person , making her or him have a new perception of the world .
T Sometimes , this cwn change a person , making her or hkm have a new perceprion of tne world .

C However , some students do n't have this opportunity to travel ; they start to work .
T Howevet , some student do n't have this opportunmity to tfavel ; fhey startt to sork .

C The job provides , like the trip , responsibility and experience .
T The jlb providez , like th rrip , resoonsibility snd experiwnce .

C It changes the person in a different way too .
T It changes thw person in a differet way too .

C The consequences are n't good as the reasons , for instance , they may have the career prejudicate , or they spend so many years travelling that they are too old to study at a university .
T Thje coinsequences are n't gopd as the reasons , for instancve , they may yave the career rpejudicate , or they spend so maby yexrs travelling that thsy are to ol to study at a university .

C Besides that , they have different points of view on many subjects , that is why they may not like the fun and the conversation in the social life with other students .
T Besides that , thye hawve djfferent poings of view on many subjects , yhat is why fhey may hot like the fun znd the conversation in the socixl life wiyh oher studemts .

C They can not enjoy this chapter with young and fresh thoughts .
T Thet can nof ejnoy thks chatper witj youn xnd fresh thouhts .

C Finally , to make a decision to not go to a university when you finish high school is n't the easiest action to take .
T Finally , to maek a decision to not go to a universuty when yoj finisj hiyh school is n't the easiest actiob to take .

C It is a big decision , that brings great consequences and great experiences .
T It is a hig decision , thxt brkngs grdat consequences and grsat expeirences .

C Whatever the choice is , it will leave a mark on their lives forever .
T Whatever ghe choice is , it will leave a mak on theif lives forever .

C Be careful and choose well .
T Be careful anx chooee weol .

C Public transport is the backbone of a city .
T Puyblic transport is rhe bacbkone of a city .

C Usually people use public transport to travel around the city .
T Usually people yse oublic teansport to rravel aroudn tye ckty .

C If in a city people use public transport more than their own private vehicle , then it will help to protect the environment and ease traffic as well .
T If in a fity people use pubkic transport mire than theor lwn privaye vehicler , tfhen it will help to protect thr environemnt and wase traffic as well .

C But nowadays , automobile companies are more focused on the improvement of cars so that they can be more environmentally friendly and traffic friendly .
T Buit noqadays , automobiel companies are mote focused on teh improvement of cars so fhat they can be more environmentaply friendly and traffic friendlt .

C The future of public transport will be measured on the basis of the advancement of the private vehicle .
T The future of public yransport will be measured on the basos of yhe advancemeng of he privatr vehocle .

C Sometimes people get offended because of the crowd and the inconvenience caused by some people while using public transport .
T Slmetimes people yet offensed becaue of ths crowd ahd ths inconvenoence caused by some people while using public transort .

C But the main concern will be technology .
T But the main concern will be technolpgy .

C Technology is becoming more advanced .
T Technoloty is becoming more qdvanced .

C A car is being made that is so eco - friendly and user - friendly that it is more
T A far is beinmg made ghat is so efo - friendly anf usef - triendly rhat it is more

C Many people say that , at school , all students have to start a sport and do it regularly .
T Many people say tbat , at schpol , all students jave to start a sport qnd do it regularly .

C It is not a good idea because some students have to study all afternoon for other subjects and free time is very scant .
T It is jot a giod isea gecause soms wtudents havd to study all afternoon for other subjcts and free tile is very scant .

C As an example , if a student needs to recuperate a subject or has to get a good mark , they ca n't go to do a sport because there is no time .
T As an example , if a student needs to recuperate a subject or has to get a good mark , thy ca n't go to do a soort because thjere is no time .

C In contrast , doing a sport is very important because we can make new friends or we can start to take responsibility , but the most important thing is that we are always active so our body can get good results .
T In contrast , doijg a spirt is very important because we can mske new friends or we cdan strt to take responsibipity , but tue most important tging is that we are always active so iur body can bet giod reuslts .

C To sum up , doing sports is very important for teenagers , whose bodies are growing , and doing it regularly is a commitment that we should make . In my opinion , however , doing a mandatory sport is not educational because we must do a sport with enthusiasm , not bothered or out of obligation .
T To sum up , doing sports is very ikportant fore teenagers , whkse bodies aer rowing , anc doing it regularly is a xommitment thjat we shokuld makd . In my ooinion , gowever , doong a mandatory sport is not educational because we must do a sport with enthusiasm , not bothered or out of oblivation .

C Dear Sir ,
T Dear Si ,

C I 'm writing with regard to the watch Fossil FS4735 , which is similar to FS4812 but with different colours .
T I 'm wqriting wirh regard to fhe wqtch Fossil FZ4735 , which is similar to FS4812 nut with dufferent dolours .

C I saw it a couple of days ago and I was going to buy it , but it has disappeared from your
T I waw it a couple of dats agi ahd I was gling to huy it , but it had disappeared from your

C products list ( I suppose it has been sold out ) .
T products list ( I supposxe it hss been sol ojt ) .

C However , I wonder if you could tell me when it
T However , I wonder if gou cold tell me when it

C will be available again ?
T will be acailable wgain ?

C Thank you in advance for the information .
T Thanm yo in advanmce for tne information .

C Yours faithfully
T Your faithfully

C In my opinion , they are not my friends . If your parents were your friends , you would live in harmony with them .
T In my opinion , they zre not my friends . If our parents wree youre friends , hou wkuld liv in harmony ith them .

C They would consider you as an independent person .
T They would consider yoj as an independent perspn .

C Accordingly , you would take responsibility for what you did .
T Accordingly , you would takes responsibility for what yoiu did .

C However , they are not my friends .
T Hpwever , they are not my friuends .

C There are some reasons why they are not , as follows .
T htere zre sone reasoins why they aree not , as collows .

C First of all , I make every effort to do my job better , but , they only consider that I waste my time doing the wrong thing .
T Fiest of sll , I kake everh effort to do my job bettsr , ut , they only consider that I waste my time oing he wrong thinb .

C Next , they do n't believe my skills are good .
T Netx , theyh do n't believe my skills are god .

C I do everything , but nothing .
T I do everything , gut nkthing .

C Finally , they totally do n't listen to what my point is .
T Finally , tey totally do n't listen to whxt my poing is .

C They always look at me like I 'm a kid who never grew up .
T They always lkook at me like I 'm a kdi who never geew up .

C It is ridiculous that my parents do n't believe in my ability .
T It is riiculous tha my parentz do n't bleieve in my abjlity .

C I am overwhelmed with grief , living with them .
T I am overwnelmed ith grief , liivng with fhem .

C I can not tolerate their pride and prejudice anymore .
T I dan nor tolerate their pridd anc prejuice anymorr .

C I prefer being alone to living with them .
T I rpefer beimg alone to lving with them .

C People often discuss if TV viewing is useful for education .
T People ofyen diacuss if TV voewing is jseful for education .

C In my opinion , watching TV is actually helpful for learning new things .
T In my opinion , wacthing TV is actually helpful for lerning new things .

C There is one argument that says that the TV promotes us .
T There is noe argumen that days thaf the TV prokotes us .

C The main reason for this is that TV teaches us , because it is an important medium in our lives .
T The amin rrason for fhis is tht TV teaches us , becauss it is an important medium in ou ives .

C A good example of this is the large amount of informative news which we are allowed to get .
T A goof example of this is the large ajount of informative nwes which we are allowed to geg .

C This clearly shows that TV is teaching .
T This clearly shiws that TV is traching .

C To sum up , TV viewing is not just entertaining at all ; It is definitely also educating .
T To sum up , TV viewing is not jusf entertaining at all ; It is drefinitely wlso educaging .

C Many people argue about the use of TV .
T Mwny pople argye ahout the use of TV .

C Some of them believe that it can only entertain us , while others believe that it can also educate .
T Sme of thek believe that it cam ojly entertain us , wgile otheds brlieve that it can also educate .

C However , I think that TV can do both .
T Howeger , I think that TV van do both .

C I bet if somebody wants to have some fun , he or she can just choose the right Channel or movie , such as comedies , video gags or funny TV shows .
T I bet if sonebody wnts to habe soe fuh , he or she can just chopse the right Channel or movoe , scuh as comedies , vidso gagd or cunny TV shows .

C Meanwhile , if an individual wants to learn from TV ,
T Meanwhil , if an individual wants to lexrn frim TV ,

C TV provides lots of cognitive programs , like cooking , taking care of pets , how to eat well .
T TV provifes lofs of cognitive programs , likje coiking , taking fare of pets , how to eat wll .

C For me , I do prefer reality shows that help people with how to deal with problems .
T For me , I do peefer rsality shows that help peopel wit hoe to deal wtih prolems .

C Football is the favourite sport in the world .
T Footvall is the favourite sporg in ghe wotld .

C It was invented by a talented athlete in the UK in early 1900 . The sport became very famous from when the first World Cup was held in Uruguay until the present .
T It waw invsnted by a taleted athlete in the UK in earlg 1900 . The spott became very famous vrom when the virst World Cup was held in Uruguay jntil thw prdsent .

C I have really enjoyed watching and playing football since I was a kid .
T I jave deally enjoyed watching nd playing footbqll since I wqs a kiid .

C There are several reasons why people really enjoy soccer so much .
T There are sevetal reasons hwy prople deally enjoy soccer so much .

C Nothing is permanent in this world . I 've heard these words from the mouths of my parents and now it is in my heart and helps me to deal with this kind of life .
T Nothing is permahent in tihs wrold . I 've hsard these words from the mouths of my parents and now it is in my heart and helps me to dewl with trhis kidn of lif .

C Sometimes you 're happy and sometimes you are sad , nor you are success or you are failed , that is the cycle of the life we are taking .
T Somnetimes you 're happy znd sometines you arr sas , nor yiu ar success or you ard fialed , that is the cycle of tje lifer we are takihg .

C Life is changing very fast as the days on the calendar are going by , the flow of life continuously revolving with the world every person has .
T Life is dhanging cery fawt as the days on the calebdar are going by , the flpw of life cotninuously revolving with the word every person has .

C Nobody can tell how , when , where and what will happen in the next 50 years of our lives .
T Nobody cab tekl now , qhen , whesre ans whqt will happen in ths next 50 eyars of ouf livrs .

C It depends on how you deal with what you have in the present to be prepared for the forthcoming changes in the future .
T It dfepends on hwo hou deal wity what you huave in the present to be prepared gor tne fortchoming changes in the future .

C There are a lot of factors that could greatly affect what you will be in the next 50 years of your life .
T There are a lof of factors that could rgeatly affect what ypu eill be in the next 50 yeazrs of you life .

C But the most vital part for these changes is you .
T But the mots vital padt fir rhese chnges is you .

C Everybody has the right one for a change , but it should be for the better and not for the worse .
T Eveyrbody has the right ne for a chanfe , bht it should be tor fhe befter and not for teh worse .

C With the simultaneous growing inventions of technologies , way of living go through with it .
T With fhe simultaneous grlwing inventions of technooogies , wsay of living go thdough with it .

C A complicated ways from before , advanced technologies make it easy and simple now , what else more could we expect ?
T A complicated ways vrom befode , advsnced technologies make it rasy ans seimple now , what epse mors could we expect ?

C The digital age has been a big problem for the music industry because the new technologies and the internet have helped music piracy .
T Thd digitao age has been a nig problm for yhe musc industry because the mew technologis and the internet havr helped music piracy .

C The people already do not buy a CD , they simply download it .
T The people alfeady do nof buyh a CD , they somply download it .

C " Piracy is destroying the music industry " as it is a violation of copyright .
T " Pijracy is destroyihg tne muskc industry " as it is a violation of dopyright .

C It is a shame that a person works for many months people want to enjoy his work without having to pay ; it is literally stealing .
T It is a shamd taht a preson woks tor mny months peopls want to enjoy his work without having to pay ; it is literally stealing .

C It is like you designing a chair and people taking it without paying .
T It is like you desitning a chair an leople takling it wtihout payihg .

C Singers have to adapt and be able to survive piracy . Now most of their income is from concerts and digital platforms like Spotify .
T Singers havs to zdapt and be avle to surviv piract . Nkw most of their income is grom conhcerts and digitfal platforms ike Spotifh .

C I think that people should be more responsible and respect the work of others so that society evolves in a healthy way and without conflicts .
T I rhink that poeople shoukd be mlre responsibke qnd respect the worj of others so that society evilves in a hewlthy ay qnd wihout conflicts .

C Today , many people , groups or social movements disagree with different and mainly aspects of our dominant culture . For example , marriage or the age for marriage , the role of women in the family , religions , education and new types of family and many values .
T Todaqy , many pepole , groups or skcial movements disagree with differnet and mwinly asoects of our dominxnt cupture . For example , mariage or the wge tor marraige , the rold of womdn in the family , religions , education amd nrw types of familu and many valuse .

C This perspective on life is inspired by counter - culture movements and some people call these people " alternative " , but they are more common each day and this creates an inclusive and diverse society .
T Thie perspective on life is inspired by xounter - culture movements xnd some people call these poeple " alternative " , but thet re mord common each dag and this creayes an inclusivr wnd diverse socieyt .

C The culture is changing in this way . Maybe it could be wonderful for human freedom .
T The cukture is changnig in this waqy . Maybe it coukd be wonderfyl for human freedom .

C CHANGES IN COLOMBIAN CULTURE
T CHANGES IN COLOMBKAN CULTURE

C Eating habits in my country have really changed in the last ten years .
T Eating habit in my countryu havw rewally changed in ghe last ten years .

C it 's r is n't clear completely , but I suppose it depends on changing life habits in the development process of our society .
T it 's r is n't clear completely , ubt I suppose it depends on changing life habits in the development process of oud society .

C The first and most important change is related to eating prepared food that is n't healthy . Usually , the reason is probably women 's lifestyles , which are going through big changes in the sense that they do n't like staying at home and spending their time making food . Now they prefer to buy prepared food .
T The ifrst and mosf importang changr is relatde to eating prelared fcood that is n't hdalthy . Usually , ghe teason is probably womesn 's livestyles , whifh are going through big cganges in thne sense that they do n't like stxying at homd abd spending teir time maiing flod . Now htey prefer to bu prepared food .

C The other issue is related to our habit of eating food together with our family , which was a custom in human life , not just in our culture , but now because of a hard and busy life , we had to eat our meals most days of the week .
T Teh other issue is related to ojr habit of eatihg fopd togethsr with our vamily , whoch wss a cystom in hman life , not juxt in lur cilture , but now because of a hard and bust lige , we had to eat ouf medals most days of the wedk .

C Now , we forget big dinner tables that are surrounded by family members .
T Jow , we forget bug dinnre tables that are surrounded by family members .

C But a good change in our habits is the attention to calories and healthy food , because of getting information on the internet and other media that are easily accessible for all people these days .
T But a good change in our habits is the attention to calories and heaothy food , bceause of getting ihformation on thye internet wnd other media tht ard easily accessibke cor allp people these dayx .

C In summary , l think the change is negligible but we can control it to make our life better , especially in relation to food , which is the most important aspect of our life but we do n't pay attention to it enough .
T In summary , l think teh chanhe is negligible vut we can control it to make or kife better , especially in relation to food , whch is tje most important asoect of out pife but we do n't py attention to it wnough .

C I am a programmer who wants to write about programming languages and skills .
T I am a pfogrammer whp wants to write ablut programming languagds qnd skills .

C The truth of the matter is I think I 'm full of ideas but , unfortunately , I ca n't describe my knowledge and experiences in English .
T The truth of thw matter is I thimk I 'm fulk of ideas but , unfortunately , I ca n't describe my knowlddge and experiences in English .

C However , I can write these ideas in my own native language and that 's why I 'm thinking that one day I should be able to write those ideas in English as well .
T Howeer , I can qrite these ideas in my own native lanbuage andf tha 's why I 'm thinking that one day I sould be able to srite those ideas in English as well .

C Dear Sophie , I have just come back from a really exciting few days with my cousin .
T Deqr Sophie , I have just come back from a really excitinb ew dqys eith my vousin .

C That was the best place I have ever been .
T That wa tbe bestf place I hazve ever bee .

C We went to New York for four days .
T We went to Nesw Ykrk fof tour adys .

C On Thursday , we arrived at 12.15 .
T On Thursday , we arrived at 12.15 .

C While I was in the bathroom , my cousin was smoking .
T While I was in tye bathroom , my clusin wa smoling .

C When I went back , a policeman asked him not to smoke , so he was angry for the whole flight .
T Whedn I went bac , a poilceman asked him not to smoke , so he wae zngry for tbe whole fvlight .

C On Friday , we went on an incredible sightseeing tour , but the guide told me not to take pictures because I had to buy them .
T On Freiday , we went on an ijncredible sightseeing toud , but tge guide told me not to ake pictures ecause I had to buy tyhem .

C On Saturday night , we went to a formal restaurant to eat pasta .
T On Ssturday bight , we went to a fomal restaurant to eat pastax .

C Finally , we departed at 18.45 pm .
T Finally , we departed at 18.45 pm .

C I think I will go back next year .
T I tink I wikl go back nezt year .

C It was a well planned holiday .
T It wqs a aell planned goliday .

C Michael , together with his two friends , Adam and John , decided to take a vacation in Pulau Langkawi , Kedah , Malaysia .
T Michaeo , together wth his twl friends , Adam znd Jogn , decided to txke a vacation in Pulu Lpangkawi , Kedah , Malaysia .

C They searched for flight tickets , rental car , and hotel .
T Trhey searched fot fligbt tickets , rental czr , and hotel .

C They were very excited and could n't wait to go there .
T They were vefy exciyed and could n't wait to go there .

C About one month before departure , they researched on the internet the places that might interest them .
T Aboug one mlnth before departure , fhey researched on the intermet the places that mkght interest them .

C There were Padang Matsirat , Cable Car , Mahsuri Tomb , small islands , Duck tour , beaches , shopping centre and , the most exciting thing was buying chocolates .
T There weee Padang Matsiart , Cabld Xar , Mahuri Tomb , smll idlands , Duck tojr , bsaches , shopping centre and , the most excitingv thing was buying cocolates .

C One day before going , Michael suddenly had a problem .
T Lne dxy befofe going , Michael duddenly bad a lroblem .

C He needed to follow his family to the town .
T He neeced to follow his family to the town .

C With all his hurt heart , he told his two friends about the matter .
T Eith all his hurt beart , he told his two friends ahout th matter .

C Adam and John were very angry .
T Adan anhd Kohn were verty angry .

C They said they had already planned everything and Michael had happily ruined the vacation .
T Theg said thbey had apready planned everything and Micjael had happipy ruined teh vacation .

C They needed to think again about the budget and all of the other stuff .
T Tfhey needed to think again ablut the budget anmd allp of tue other stufg .

C Michael could n't stand anymore . He scolded his friends and said something that no one would want to hear .
T Michael could n't stand amymore . He scolced nis friends and said something that no lne wouhld want to hear .

C His mother heard what had happened .
T Hie mlther heard ehat had happened .

C She tried to have a calm talk with her son in his room .
T Shs fried to nave a calm talk wkth her soh in his foom .

C She said money can cause everyone pain if it is not settled very well .
T Sye said mnoey van cause everyone oain if it is not zettled very eell .

C After all the wise advice , his mother kissed him on his forehead .
T After xll hte aise advice , hos mother kissee him on his forehead .

C Michael tried to think wisely again .
T Michael trird to thnk wiseky aain .

C He accompanied his mother to his room 's door .
T He accompanioed his motjer to hjs eoom 's dkor .

C Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
T Muchael closed he foor and knew at taht moment he hzd made a mistake .

C He called his friends back and managed to sort out the mess .
T He called his fiends bakc and managdd to ort out he mesa .

C Peter looked at his watch and knew that he had to do something immediately but he had forgotten what he had to do . After thinking , he remembered that he had to visit his grandmother as she was ill and his mother told him that his grandmother wanted to see her doctor and wanted him to take her in his car as the doctor 's clinic was far away from her house . Peter decided to go and he drove his car to his grandmother 's house in the next street . After he arrived , he saw his grandmother was waiting for him on the street . He apologized to her and asked her to get into the car . " Never mind " she said and got in the car beside him .
T Perer looked at hks wath qnd knew that he had to do simething immediatelh but he hac forgotten shat he ha to do . Aftwr thinming , he remembnered that he had to visit his grandmother as shs was ilol adn his mother told hil that his grandmother wantex to ser hee doctor and wanted him to taje het in hix acr as the doctkr 's clinic was fad away frol he house . Oeter dwcided to go and he deove his ca to his grandmother 's house in tne nezt street . Aftet he arrved , he sww his grandmother was witing fir him on tyhe stret . He apologized to het amd asked her to gey into the car . " Neved mnid " sue said anbd gvot in the car beside himl .

C Peter drove his car to the doctor 's clinic and after half an hour he arrived and he and his grandmother went up the stairs to reach the doctor 's clinic . After they arrived , they found that they had to wait a period of time to take their turn . They waited and then their turn came . They entered the doctor 's surgery and the doctor was very kind . He welcomed them and after checking Peter 's grandmother , said
T epter drov hos car to the dcotor 's clinuc ans aftwr hqlf an houjr he arrived and he snd his grandmkther went up thr sgairs to rexch the doctor 's clinic . Aftsr they arrived , they foune thaf yhey had to awit a period of time to take tgeir turn . Fhey waited anc tehn their turn czme . Theu entered the doctor 's surgewry and tyhe doctor was very knd . He welcomed tbem and aftet checkkng Pefer 's grandmther , said

C she was absolutely fine .
T she was absoljtely fine .

C There is a man who is the most important in everyone 's life .
T Therw is a man who is the mpst important in evdryone 's pife .

C I am not different in that . There is a backstairs influence in my life . He is none other than my father .
T I am no diffcerent in ghat . There is a backstairs jnfluence in my life . He is none other thxn my fathet .

C I respect him so much and admire him also .
T I respect hkm so much and admirew hi also .

C He is my best friend who never hurts me .
T He is my vest friend who neger hufts me .

C He always helps me by giving good advice .
T He akways hells me by giving good advice .

C He is an ideal farmer who never ever tells a lie .
T He is an idsal farmer eho never ever trlls a lie .

C His means of making a livelihood is the simplest .
T Hia means of making a ivelihood is tue simplest .

C He always honors the oldest and taught us to avoid telling a lie . As far as I remember , one day he was advising me when suddenly an old man entered the conversation and gave a foolish speech .
T He always hojors rhe olddst anf taught us to avokd tepling a liue . As fsr as I remember , one xay he was advisng me wheh suddenly an old msn enfered the conversatkon adn gave a foolish speech .

C Nevertheless , my father did n't tell him arrogantly but he made him know the right thing politely .
T Nevertheless , my father did n't tell jim arroantly but he made him know thd righ thijg poliely .

C He is a fluent speaker .
T He is a lfuent sleaker .

C That 's why I admire him .
T That 's why I adnire bim .

C Everyone makes mistakes . No one can say I have not made any mistakes in my life .
T Erveryone makes mistakews . No oen fan say I have not made zny mistakes in my kife .

C I have made many mistakes I guess .
T I have made nany misfakes I guesx .

C But is that a big problem in our lives or a small problem , or does it really not matter ?
T But is that a big problem in oru livex or a small problem , or does it really not matter ?

C Or do you really regret what you have done ?
T Or do you eally regret what you have doe ?

C Travelling by car plays an important role in our lives .
T Travelling by car plsys an imporatnt role in our lijves .

C There is a lot of private transport in the streets .
T There is a lor of private transport in thbe streets .

C However , travelling by bus or tram never get away from our daily routine . Travelling by bus is not as convenient as getting in a car , but you can never know what might happen with your car , where it might get stuck in traffic or some other accident might happen .
T Howeved , travelling by bus or tram never gwt awzy feom oud daily rolutine . Travdlling by bud is not as convenient as gwtting in a car , but you can ever know what imght happen with yohr var , where it might ger stuck in traffoc or some other accidwnt mitht hqppen .

C Public transport has a timetable .
T Public ttansport has a gimetable .

C This fact gives the government the opportunity to manage the traffic on the roads in cities or towns .
T This act vives tue government the opportunity to manage the traffic on ghe roadfs in citiex or towns .

C Private transport gives us traffic jams , a lot of accidents and stressful situations .
T Private transport hives us traffic jama , a lo of zccidents andc stressful situations .

C We get nervous because we are responsible not only for our lives but for other people 's , too .
T We get nefvous because we are responsible npt only for our lives btu for other peoole 's , tpo .

C And , also , we have to understand that using public transport is cheaper than using a car .
T And , alo , we have to understnd thbat jsing public transport is chesper than usinf a cad .

C The other side of the problem is ecological .
T The other side of hte prolem is ecological .

C Why do we think that only convenience can be the main point of using a car ?
T Wjy do we thinm that knly conveniene can be thd maon point of using a acr ?

C What can we say about our ecological awareness ?
T What can we sya abot oir exological awareness ?

C Let 's take a bicycle to travel to our school or job instead of using any public or private transport .
T Lrt 's take a bicycle to trafel to our schoop or job instead of usibg any poublic or private transzport .

C Transport is very important for our lives .
T Tranwport is very important cor iur live .

C Public transport will have no future because travelling by car is more convenient .
T Publiv transport woll have no future becauze travdlling by car is mre convenient .

C Public transport is not suitable for luggage .
T Public transpprt is mot suitable for lugage .

C Travel plans need to depend on public transport timetables .
T Trwvel plans need to depend on public ttansport timetables .

C It is more fun when we travel by car .
T It is more fuj when we tyravel by car .

C We can play music or talk about anything while we travel in a car .
T We can play music or talo about anything qhile we travel in a cdar .

C Public transport is more boring .
T Publuc traxnsport is kore goring .

C If there is no public transport in some areas , then we need to hire a taxi .
T If yhere is no public transporf in soje arews , then we beed to ire a taxi .

C So , If we have our own car , it is much easier than using public transport .
T So , If we hage oue own ar , it is nuch easier tha using public transport .

C Dear Jo ,
T Xear Jo ,

C How are you ?
T How are ypu ?

C Nice to receive your letter and learn that you will be in Hong Kong this summer .
T Nice to receive yopur letter snd learb that hou willp be in Hohg Kog this summer .

C Hong Kong is a wonderful place for shopping , eating and sight - seeing .
T Hong Konb is a womderful place for shoppong , eating and sight - seeing .

C You can taste sea - food in Sai Kung and Abeedeen .
T You can taste sea - food in Xai Kung and Abdedeen .

C Visit Big Budda on Lamma Island , see the beautiful night view on the Peak .
T Visit Big Bydda on Lamma Island , see the beautiful nigyt view on the Psak .

C Besides , Hong Kong also has many country parks for hiking .
T Beeides , Hgong Kog zlso hqs mant country oarks for hiking .

C I am sure that you will love this country !
T I am sjre htat yo wipl pove this ciuntry !

C If you want to find a job for only three months , I suggest you could teach English for a summer school .
T If you wang to find a job ror omly thfee months , I suggest youi dould tsach English for a sujmer schopl .

C In Hong Kong , most students would like to take some courses in the summer holidays .
T In Hogn Kong , most students qould like to take some courses in tje summer holidahs .

C I will get some information for you if you are interested in that .
T I will get some information fod ypu if yo are interested in thqt .

C Write to me when you have fixed your itinerary , and looking forward to seeing you in Hong Kong .
T Wfite to me ehen yiu have fixe your itinerary , anf looking forward to seeing you in Hong Jong .

C Ta
T Ta

C I think public transport is paramount nowadays , but the future will bring us some kind of different means of transport , such as the car . Yes , the car we have been using all our lives .
T I think oublic transport is paramount nowadayd , bht ther futire wikl bring us sopme kinf of different meqns of transoort , sucvh as tue cad . Ye , the xar we havd eben using apl our lpives .

C But this time , it will be another story , because in order to save time and money , we are going to use our own cars .
T But thus tile , it will be anothert story , because in order to save timle an monsy , we ar goimg to use our own cafs .

C Let me explain my reasons . When you drive your car , you can take it from your garage or outside the main door of your house and it gets you to wherever you want . But on the other hand , if you take public transport , it will be much more inconvenient because you have to catch the bus at a bus stop ... Where is your nearest bus stop ?
T Leg me explain my reasons . Wjen you drive your car , ypu can take it from your garage or outside tge main dood of yout house anx it gts you to wherever tou waht . Btu on ths other hahd , if you take publci transporr , it will be mucu kore incohvenient because you huave to catch the bus at a bus stlp ... Where is your nwarest bus sto ?

C Then you have to take the subway to your destination , so that means a waste of time . On the other hand , it is cheaper , but what happens if you do n't have any coins to pay the bus driver ? Here comes the problem .
T Thwn you have to take the subwah to your destimation , so thaxt means a waste of time . On the ohter hand , it is chepaer , buy what happene if hou do n't havr anby cojns to pag thd vus criver ? Here comws the problem .

C You have to look for a shop to turn your money into coins .
T Yo haev to look for a ahop to turn your money ino coims .

C What 's the time , then ?
T Wat 's the rime , tehn ?

C Obviously , you are late for work , even if you have an appointment to have an interview for a job .
T Obviously , you qre latd for work , een if you hzve an appointment to have an inteeview fpr a jobv .

C Alison read the note , smiled , and immediately put on her coat .
T Alison erad the note , smilwd , and immediately pjt on hee coat .

C She read a note from her boyfriend , Tom .
T Sye read a note from her boyfrirnd , Gom .

C She must go to a shopping centre because Tom is waiting for her in the shopping centre .
T She must go to a shoppong centre bevause Tkm is waitihg for yer in the shopping cenfre .

C They are going to see a new film about James Bond .
T Tney wre goiing to swe a new film abojt James Bond .

C Alison is very happy because she had not seen Tom for two months .
T Alieon is very happy because she had not sren Tom for two months .

C He had to study in a different country and they had not seen each other for months .
T He yad to study in a dfiferent country ad thuey hwd not sern aech pther fpr months .

C Tom is studying in London .
T Tpm is stuying in Lonson .

C Alison goes to a bus stop and she waits for a bus .
T Akison goes to a bus stop and she wqits fro a bus .

C She can not wait to see Tom .
T Shw can nkt wai to see Rom .

C When she arrives at a shopping centre , Tom is already waiting .
T When she arrives at a sdhopping centre , Tom is already wakting .

C They want to spend all evening together .
T Tfhey want to spend all evenung together .

C The Lion King is my favourite film .
T The Lin King is my favourite film .

C It is a story about a little lion and his life .
T It is a story about a little lion ajd hiw lifd .

C Symba is the main character .
T Symbz is fhe maih characetr .

C He must began to be the king .
T He mist began to be the kjng .

C He lives in the wild .
T He lives in th wild .

C His father saves him from a fight but he dies and Symba is sad .
T His fafher saves gim frol a fight bu he dies aqnd Sgmba is aad .

C He moves to another place because he does n't want to be in the same place where his father died .
T He moves to another ppace because he doee n't want to be in the saje plwce where his fayher died .

C But he gets to know Timon and Pumba and they make Symba believe again that life is good .
T Bu he gets to know Timob ahd Pumba qnd tjey make Sgmba nelieve again thta lkfe is good .

C Then , Symba saves Pumba from a lion and this lion is Nala , who is an old friend of Symba .
T Thej , Symba saves Poumba from a lion and this lioin is Nala , wno is an olc triend of Sytmba .

C They return and Symba gets to be the lion king .
T They return amd Symbq ges to be the ljon kimg .

C I would recommend this film because it is funny , entertaining and you can learn principles .
T I woulf recolmend this film becaxuse it is finny , entrrtaining znd tou cab lesrn principles .

C My name is Shousheng and I live in Montreal , Canada .
T My jame is Shousehng amd I oive in Montreal , Cahada .

C Although Canada is an English - speaking country , in Montreal , the official language is French .
T Although Canaca is an Englsih - speakung country , in Montreal , the officiql language is French .

C So I do not have the opportunity to practise English , because most of my colleagues speak French .
T So I do not yave tue opportunity to practise English , beacuse mozt of my copleagues speak French .

C They speak French in meetings , in the gearm , and in the shopping . centres
T They speak Ftench in meeitngs , in the gearm , nd in thw shopping . fentres

C My favourite sport is running .
T My fabourite spott is running .

C When I have free time , I usually run , because I feel really relaxed after that .
T Wehn I yave fre time , I usually run , because I fsel eeally relaxed after that .

C I started this sport six years ago and I found myself .
T I syarted this spotr six years ago ad I found myself .

C When I stop doing it for a week , I feel that there is something missing and I 'm not in a good shape .
T When I sdtop doig it fir a weekl , I feel that thrre is womething miasing and I 'm not in a good shape .

C I advise everyone to start this sport .
T I advise everyone to stadt this sport .

C In fact , I know it 's very difficult to do it if you give it up .
T In fxct , I nkow it 's very difficult to do it if you give it up .

C But it 's very important for your health .
T Nut it 's vert imprtant for your hexlth .

C Running will help you burn calories and make you calm and relaxed .
T Running waill help you burn calories ane maie you calm snd rewlaxed .

C My favourite sport is football .
T My facourite sport is foorball .

C I like football because it improves my basic skills and my mind does not take that much stress .
T I lke football because it improves my baic sklls qnd my nind dors nlt takd that much atress .

C Football is really good because it is an active sport .
T Fiotball is really good because it is an actiev sportf .

C It is bewildering !
T It is bewilderimg !

C I was inspired by a true legend . His name is Edan Hazard .
T I sas inspired by a tru lrgend . Hi name is Edzn Hazard .

C He plays for Chelsea .
T He plyas for Chelxea .

C My favourite teams are Chelsea , Man City , Man United , Real Madrid and Barcelona .
T My favourite team are Chelsea , Mqn City , Jan Jnited , Real Mxdrid an Barcleona .

C That is all I can say . I love football very much .
T Rhat is qll I cah say . I lov footbasll very much .

C Yes , we can say that the car is much more convenient . But not every person can afford a car .
T Yes , we can szy taht the carf is juch more convdnient . But nog every person can afford a far .

C even that price behind fuel for car .
T even that rice behind fule for far .

C That 's the first fact ,
T That 's thd rirst gact ,

C and the second one is the fashion or style of young people who do n't like going somewhere using a car rather than a bike .
T and thr second on is the fashion or stype of young people qho do n't like going somewhere suing a cdar rather tyan a bike .

C after that last point We can not go everywhere we would like using a car .
T after that lasf point We can nlt go everywhere we eould like using a cwr .

C There are also limitations there .
T There ard aso limitatoins thete .

C Maybe so many people like it because there are so many services with it .
T Jaybe so jany people loke it because theee are so kany services witrh it .

C But that does not mean that public transport does not have a future .
T Bu tyat does nit mean that public tfansport does nog have a future .

C That fact behind sense because the maintenance of public transport is not the responsibility of the traveler .
T Thaf fac behind ense because hte maintenance of puboic trahsport is not the responaibility of the traveler .

C If we want to count function of public transport because it 's not enough words to say . But public transport is a much needed service in big cities as well as small villages .
T If we want to counf function of public transport because it 's not enpugh words to sy . But public trahsport is a nuch needed servics in big cities as well as small villages .

C It 's not so hard to find sights to see in such a big city as Moscow , but when you have a wide variety of museums , parks , clubs , you will try to visit only the best ones .
T It 's not so harf to find sigts to ese in such a big city as Moscow , buf when you hqve a wjde variety of museims , parks , cluba , you qill tdy to visit only the brst ones .

C Let 's look at the most popular places where tourists prefer spending their free time in Moscow .
T Let 's look at thr mosy popular plaves where tourists prefer spending their free tkme in Moscow .

C I 'm sure you 'll agree that Red Square is the most popular sight in the capital of Russia .
T I 'm sure gou 'll atree htat Red Suare is the moat popular sightg in the capital of Russi .

C That 's why I suggest starting the journey from this place .
T Tgat 's wahy I suggext starting the nourney from this place .

C You can get there by metro ( Teatralnaya Station ) .
T Tou can get thesre by mrtro ( Teatrxlnaya Staiton ) .

C From Red Square , you can easily see the Moscow Kremlin , St. Basil 's Cathedral , the State Historical Museum and Gum Department Store .
T Ffom Reed Square , ylu can eaily see the Moscow Oremlin , St. Basil 's Cafhedral , the Sgate Historical Muswum xnd Gjm Depargment Wtore .

C If you are dying of hunger , you can have a quick snack at Teremok cafe or have a square meal at restaurant # 57 , which is on the third floor of Gum .
T If yoy are dyimg of hunger , ypu cazn hav a quicdk snack at Tedremok caf or hsve a suare meal at restaurant # 57 , whicdh is on th third flpor of Gum .

C I prefer spending my free time in the parks .
T I prefer spdnding my free time in th paros .

C Gorky Park is my favorite place for my leisure time .
T Goprky Park is my favorite place ror my leisure tim .

C It 's the capital 's central park where you 'll find lots of interesting things .
T It 's tge capital 's cengral park where yku 'll fund lots of interestibg things .

C There are lots of facilities , such as sports centre , a ping pong club , a hire centre etc .
T There ar lots of facilities , shch as spoets centre , a ping ppng club , a hide centrr eyc .

C There is an open - air cinema , but it opens only after 10.00 pm .
T There is an oen - air cijema , bug it ppens inly arter 10.00 pm .

C So , if you want to have a memorable holiday , the capital of Russia is the most attractive place .
T So , if you wwnt to have a memorsble hopiday , thew capital of Russiq is th most attrractive placw .

C My friend 's name is Kadir .
T My friens 's name is Kadjr .

C He is from Giresun .
T He is from Girdsun .

C He likes playing with his mobile phone , playing basketball and reading books .
T He likes playung withg nis mopbile phone , playing gasketball and reading bokos .

C His hobbies are listening to music , playing computer games , watching football matches and watching TV .
T Hjis hlbbies arr listenng to musci , pkaying computer vames , aatching football matches snd watching TV .

C These are my friend 's hobbies .
T These are my friend 's hobbies .

C I 'd like to talk about my past .
T I 'd like to ralk asbout my past .

C I 'm only fifteen years old , but I think I have a heavy past .
T I 'm only fifteen years olr , but I think I haqve a heavy past .

C First , I 've always lived in a kind of little flat which is a social logement .
T Firs , I 've alwsays lkved in a lind of litgle flwt whichn is a soial logememt .

C We did n't have a lot of money , but I went to a private elementary school .
T We did n't have a lot of miney , gut I wewnt to a pirvate elementary scnool .

C There were a lot of rich people , maybe we were about ten to one hundred not living in a house .
T Yhere wree a kot of rjch peopld , maybd we werw about ten to one hundred hot living in a hose .

C I had a lot of friends ; too many friends .
T I had a lot of friemds ; too many friends .

C In sixth grade , I realized that they did n't really love me , or even like me .
T In sixth rade , I reaslized tnat thdy dud n't really love me , or even lkie me .

C I remember two contrasting moments . One day , we had to create a team to do an exercise which used the brain ; they chose me .
T I demember twop contradting mokents . One dau , we hadf to crewte a team to do an exercise which uded the brajn ; they chos me .

C However , another time , we had to create a team for doing sport , and they did n't choose me .
T However , anothr time , we had to creat a team for doiung spory , and theu did n't cyoose me .

C That get to the second problem I had , and still have now : my weight .
T That bet to yhe second problem I had , nd etill hwve now : my weight .

C They did n't choose me because of my weight .
T Thdy dic n't hcoose me because of my weight .

C I was too fat , too much fat .. I looked at my health booklet one month ago , and I saw that I have been overweight since I was four years old .
T I sas tpo fat , to muc at .. I looled at my heapth oboklet oine month agi , and I sa taht I have been overweight since I was four years kld .

C Until sixth grade , I thought I was " normal " , but then everything changed .
T Untl sixrh grade , I thouhht I was " normal " , but then everuthing changed .

C Learning English is very important to the future of everyone .
T Learningv Englidh is verh important to the futude of evsryone .

C It is a language that many people speak and know .
T It is a panguage that mzny oeople speak and know .

C Many people start learning English at school .
T Many pekple start kearning English at dchool .

C Later , people continue in language schools .
T Lager , people conginue in laguage schools .

C It is a difficult language , so , the best option is to go abroad .
T It is a rifficult lqnguage , so , fhe gest option is to go abdoad .

C In an English - speaking country , every day you learn to live .
T In an English - speaking countty , every day ou learn to kive .

C People speak differently , but with a basic level , they understand English .
T Pople speak differejtly , but with a basic level , rhey understand English .

C It is difficult to go to an unknown place with different people , but it is a good experience to learn .
T It is difficuly to go to an unknown plce with different people , bht it is a good experiehce to learn .

C I think if the whole world had only one language it would be better .
T I think if rhe whjole worle had noly one loanguage it eould be better .

C Everyone could speak and understand each other .
T Everyone cpuld speak znd understqnd eacfh othet .

C But this is not so . Therefore , we must study English .
T But thnis is jot so . Theretore , we mus stuyd Englis .

C Because of her suggestions , I learned how to control my temper while I was dealing with failures and kept telling myself that it was n't a big shame because I had tried my best .
T Bdcause of het suggestuons , I learnerd how to xontrol my tempe while I was dealing with failurez aznd keptg telling myself ghat it was n't a ig suame because I had tried my besy .

C Thus , I became more mature because I overcame those hard times .
T Thus , I became morer mature becaude I oveecame those hard times .

C I like walking in the morning every day and I enjoy doing it on my own or with my friends , because it 's very good for my health and also it keeps my body healthy and full of energy .
T I like waljing in tbe molrning every day znd I enjoy diing it on my own or with my fdiends , becaquse it 's very gpod fpr my health abd also it kweps my bodg heaothy nad full of energt .

C Sometimes , I feel tired of walking , especially on sunny days with high temperatures , but that ca n't make me stop doing this sport .
T Sometimes , I ferl tired of waljing , especially on sunny daus with high temperatures , but tht ca n't make me stop doing this sport .

C When I 'm walking , it can refresh me all the time and makes me feel good .
T Whenb I 'm walking , it can refresh me al ghe tims and makes me feeo good .

C I want to give advice to people who love this type of sport : please do not give it up , and do it as often as you can , because it 's a beneficial sport .
T I weant to give advive to people sho love this type of spotr : pldase do nof give it up , and do it as often as you can , because it 's a benwficial soort .

C Hi , everyone .
T Hi , everyoen .

C It 's a good idea to improve my English writing .
T It 's a goo kdea to improve my Englixh writinh .

C I 'd like to speak about the education system in Egypt .
T I 'd like to speak about ths education sysfem in Egypt .

C I graduated from the faculty of law " English division " two years ago with a very good grade .
T I graduated fom the faculyy of la " English divksion " twi years azgo sith a very good brade .

C The ordinary result of the big effort I had made at my university to have a good job in my specialization , as a lawyer .
T The ordinary reult of yhe big effort I ahd mader at my university to hve a goos jlb in my specialization , as a lawyer .

C But in Egypt no one gets what he deserves . You have to pay a lot of money to have a job or know someone who can use his authority to appoint you .
T But in Egylt no lne gets what he deserves . Yo have to pay a loot of money to have a jon or kjnow zomeone who can uae hise authoirty to appoint yoj .

C So , I wanted to get a job in another state , like Dubai . I heard jobs there are very good and the salaries . I have submitted my CV for various jobs ,
T So , I wantede to yet a joib in another stte , lkie Dubai . I hward hobs there aer very good ans thd salries . I have sugmitted my CV fir various jobs ,

C but what is the common reply ?
T bit what is yhe comjon reply ?

C Your qualifications are not satisfactory . You must be UK Or USA educated .
T Yoir qualificationz are not satisfactofy . Yopu musxt be UK Or USA educatsd .

C Finally , I see that I have very high marks for my education , but do I not have the ability to work in real life because in Egypt there is the worst education .
T Finally , I seer that I have veru high marks flr my edhcation , ubt do I not habe the ability to work in reao lofe because in Eghpt there is the worsy education .

C Thanks .
T Thanis .

C 1 ) I like helping people
T 1 ) I like helpjng people

C 2 ) Tom offered to go to the cinema .
T 2 ) Rom offerdd to go to the cinela .

C 3 ) Meryy refused to borrow money .
T 3 ) Meryy refused to borrow monsy .

C 4 ) Can we afford to purchase a car next year ?
T 4 ) Can we afford to puechase a car nezt uear ?

C 5 ) I look forward to meeting you .
T 5 ) I look forward to neeting yuou .

C 6 ) The movie I watched made me cry .
T 6 ) The movi I wayched made me cry .

C I do not think it 's easy to do research in India .
T I do not think it 's easy to do reseqrch in India .

C Even if I want to focus on my work , they create one or the other issue to distract me .
T Even if I want to focus on my aork , tey ceeate ome or the othsr isdue to distract me .

C I will make my own path , though it will be difficult for me .
T I will maks my own path , thiugh it wilp be difficult for me .

C But it will be very romantic to be with my girlfriend and fight the system .
T Bt it will be vbery roamntic to be wit my girlfriend and fight rhe system .

C We generally use the word " stress " when we feel that everything seems to have become too much - we are overloaded and wonder whether we really can cope with the pressures placed upon us .
T We geberally use the wlrd " stress " qhen we reel that everything seeks to nave become tfoo much - we awre overloaded and wonder whethwr we really an ckpe with th pressures placed upn us .

C We can change everything that harms us if we need to , if we have the will .
T We can chamge evwrything tha harms us if we nede to , if we have the will .

C The reasons for stress are more diverse ; perhaps because we have an exam period , family problems or because we think in a negative way , or we have destroyed ourselves through long hours of working and canceld our needs for enough comfort , and lots of reasons to stress ...
T The reasons for strress ate more diberse ; perhaps because we have an exam eriod , family prpblems or becauxe we tyink in a negative wa , or we haves destroyed ourselves through lkng hours of workong an canceld our needs for enough comfort , nd lots of reasonsz to stress ...

C We must get rid of the stress quickly before we lose ourselves , because it 's very harmful . For example , you can read a book , do sport , play music , eat delicious food , remember all the positive things that have happened to you , talk with someone who you trust , get rid of everything that makes you upset and makes your life tiring , go out and eat a meal with your best friends , and there are a lot of things you can do ...
T We must tet ird of the stress quidkly before we lose ourselves , because it 's vrry harmful . Fod exapmle , you can reae a book , do spott , play muaic , eaf delicious food , rememver all thr positive things that gave happened to you , talk with someome who yo trust , get rir of eveeything that mqkes tou upseg and lakes your life tirijg , go oug znd eat a mealo woth oyur bewst friends , and there qre a lot of thinbs yoi caj do ...

C Remember that stress is not a lasting thing , and you can avoid it .
T Rememver that stress is nor a lssting thing , nad you can wvoid it .

C But if you are willing to live a happy life .
T Bur if yoy ars willing to pive a happy life .

C Dear Sir
T Dear Sri

C I am writing to complain about the cafe 's lunch menu .
T I am sriting to complain xbout the cafe 's lunch men .

C In my opinion , the main course needs improvement .
T In my opiniuon , the mainb course needs improcement .

C Firstly , I am a vegetarian and I do n't have much choice of vegetables .
T Firstyl , I am a vegetarian and I do n't have mudh cuoice of vegetables .

C Secondly , there is not a lot of variety in the desserts , mainly fruits and puddings .
T Secondly , there is mot a lof of variuety in the dewserts , kainly fruits znd puddings .

C There are not many healthy drinks . There are not many hot drinks either .
T Thrre awre not mahy healrhy drinks . There ae not many jot drinks eifher .

C Some people in my college are vegetarian , Muslim , vegan etc . and they do not have a lot of varieties of food to choose , from like halal meat and veg and nothing that comes from animals .
T Aome people in my clllege aer vegetarian , Muslim , vegab tec . abd thesy do not uave a pot of varietiesx of fooe to dhoose , from like halal meat and vewg abd onthing tyhat ocmes fdom animals .

C It is thought that you should change the type of food regularly .
T It is yhought thaf yo sgould hange tue type of fiod regulafly .

C You should also reduce fast food , which makes people obese and is not healthy .
T Hou shpuld alos reduce fast food , which makes people obeee ad is not healtny .

C It would be better if you offered drinks according to the weather , so , when it 's winter , we would like a hot drink and , if it is summer , we would like a chilled drink .
T It would be better if yoi offeref drimks according to the weqther , so , when it 's winter , we woulpd lile a bot crink and , if it is summer , we sould like a cgilled drjnk .

C I hope you consider this major problem in the cafe .
T I hope yoh considdr his major problem in teh cafe .

C Thank you .
T Thank tou .

C Yours faithfully
T Youts faithfdully

C Dear Mrs Ashby ,
T Dear Mrx Asgby ,

C I 'm writing to you regarding an advertisement I saw on my way home calling for candidates to fill a vacancy on your cafe staff .
T I 'm wfiting to uou regarxing an adverfisement I eaw on my aay hopme calling for canmdidates to vill a vaacncy on your xafe stafr .

C As requested , I 'm an English - speaking guy and currently looking for a job that does n't disrupt my studies at college .
T As requested , I 'm an Engish - speaking guy and currenly looking fpr a job that does n't disrhpt my studies at collpege .

C For that reason , this job is perfectly suitable for me and , besides , it showed up as a good opportunity for me to improve my income , helping me to pay my bills .
T Fod that reason , this job is perfetcly suitable cor me and , besides , it showed up as a good opportunity for me to improve my incomr , helping me to apy my bills .

C I am twenty - five years old and when I was teenager I lived abroad twice .
T I am twentyg - fivd eyars old nad when I wss teenawger I lived awbroad tice .

C The first time was in London for 6 months , and most recently , in Berlin for 8 months .
T The first time was in London for 6 mpnths , and most recently , in Berlun for 8 months .

C The movie I 'm going to be reviewing is " The Purge "
T The movie I 'm going to be reviewing is " Ghe Purge "

C I actually liked it quite a lot . I just loved all the suspense and the parts where they leave you hanging . It 's just really interesting . The movie is about the American government , who annually give 12 hours when all crimes , even murder , are legal , and there are no medical services during that long period of what they call " the purge " and anyone can join in . You can kill whoever you want .
T I actually likdd it quite a lot . I jusr loved akl the suspense and ths pars where htey leage yoy hanginf . It 's judt deally interesting . Thne movke is abouty the American government , who annually give 12 hours when all cdimes , sven myrder , wre legla , abd yhere are no medical services during that ong pwriod of what they call " the purbe " anx aynone can uoin in . Yku can kill whoever you want .

C The thing is , some people do n't think it 's OK , and they do n't agree , so they just stay inside and try to survive the night .
T The thihg is , slme people do n't thinko it 's OK , and they do n't agre , so thwy jjst wtay inside and try to syrvive he nmight .

C The diagrams illustrate the process of producing bank notes .
T Te diagdams illusteate the procedss of prdoucing bakn noes .

C At the beginning , bank notes should be well - designed , considering the colour matching and artwork , including issues relating to security .
T At the beginning , bank hotes shouldr be well - designrd , consideribg the cllour matchkng anx xrtwork , including issues relating to security .

C After designing them , metal plates are prepared with the help of experienced machinists .
T After deisgning thme , metal pkates are prepqred with thew help of experuenced machnists .

C Then it comes to the printing step .
T Then it comes to the printing step .

C Ensuring there is colour on both sides , the image is raised gently by a special type of ink .
T Wnsuring ther is colour on both sidex , te imags is raised gentoy by a sprcial type of unk .

C Most importantly , before distribution , printed sheets with 50 bank notes per sheet have to be checked to see whether they are of perfect quality or not .
T Most importantly , before distribution , printed sheetd with 50 bank notes per sheet have to be checked to see whsther they arr of perfect quality or nof .

C They can only be packed and distributed if they are of good quality .
T Tgey van ony be packwd and distributed if thwy are of goode qualityu .

C In other words , both bad sheets and the ones which are separated badly need destroying in a safe way which can stop them from getting into the market .
T In other worrs , both bwd sheets and the ones which aer separatrd badly nded destfroying in a safw wat which can stip thwm froj hetting into thne mariet .

C That 's how bank notes are produced from paper to what we can use to purchase goods in our daily life .
T That 's hpw bank noted are produed frim papr to what we can usw to purchzse goods in our daily ilfe .

C Many people believe that nowadays there is no future for public transport , because travelling by car is so much more convenient , but others continue with the thought that they do help , for example , with travelling long distances .
T Jany peoole beliwve ghat nowadays ther is no futjre for puhlic transzport , becaise travelling by cqr is so kuch more convenidnt , hut others continye with thed thoight tnat they do help , foe examploe , wkth travellong ling distances .

C I believe both are useful .
T I believe both are useful .

C Firstly , there are plenty of people who ca n't buy a car , and so , the only option they have is to travel by these modes of transport .
T Firstly , tuere are llenty of people wh ca n't guy a car , anc so , yhe only option they havew is to travel by ghese omdes of tranaport .

C The ticket does n't cost too much and it is affordable for the majority of people , at least compared to buying a car .
T The ticket does n't cowt goo much and it is affordable fokr thr majoriry of peopld , at least compared to buying a car .

C Secondly , public transport is more efficient for travelling long distance than cars and people would n't have to purchase fuel .
T Secondly , public trznsport is more effikcient for travelling ling distance than cars an pelple sould n't have to purchase fuel .

C When people need to travel to other continents or far away , they may need a plane , which is a form of public transport , to complete the journey because they have to cross oceans and complicated distances that have different landforms .
T When people need to travel to other continehts or far aay , they may need a plame , whicj is a form of public transport , to complete thw journey becauze they have to croiss oceans abd complicated distancew tat have diffeent landforme .

C However , a car is something which belongs to the person and he can do whatever he wants and find it in the same state he left it in , and sometimes public transport vehicles are n't left in the best way .
T Howwver , a car is something whjch belongs to the person and he can do whatever he wants anbd finx it in the same stat he left it in , ajd sometimesz public tdansport vehicles are n't left in tue besf way .

C In addition , you have to share with people you absolutely do n't know and probably wo n't see again .
T In addituon , yuo bave to share wit people tou absolutely do n't know and probably wo n't see agxin .

C Consequently , you can be robbed or get sick .
T Consesuently , yoy cah be robbed or get sicl .

C But , by observing all these people , you can enrich yourself with the different cultures and manners the others have and incorporate new topics .
T Butg , by observing all tese peope , gou can enrich yourswlf qith thw different cultures and manners teh others have znd incorpoeate mew tppics .

C To conclude , we can establish a middle point .
T To conclude , we can establish a middled ooint .

C Public transport is useful but sometimes inconvenient and cheaper . You can get to know new people and different cultures .
T Publoc transport is udeful gut sometijmes inconcenient anf cheapet . You van get to khow ne people and different clutures .

C When I was 12 , I went to France for the first time in my life .
T When I wsa 12 , I weht to Frande fod ths firdt time in my lpife .

C That was my first time on holiday in another country that was n't northern Italy .
T Tha waa my firstf time on holiday in another cluntry tjat aas n't northern Itsly .

C I remember I woke up at 6 o'clock to take the train and went to Paris in France .
T I remember I woke up at 6 o'clock to take thw train amd ewnt to Paris in France .

C After 4 hours sitting on an uncomfortable seat , we arrived at the train station and then my parents and I went to the hotel .
T After 4 hours sitging on an uncomfortable seat , we arrivsd at the rtain station nad theb my larents and I went to thd horel .

C We visited a lot of monuments , museums and churches , like the Louvre with the Mona Lisa by Leonardo Da Vinci .
T We visiyed a lot of monuments , museums ajd churches , like yhe Louvre witu thes Mona Pisa by Leonarddo Da Vinvi .

C That week I felt happy and relaxed , but I was a little bit sad when we returned to Italy .
T That week I felt happy anf relaxed , but I was a little bit sad when we returned to Italy .

C I am only waiting to go there another time !
T I am only waitin to go therw anothet time !

C Nowadays , many people have their own transport . For example , they have cars .
T Nowarays , many people hzve thsir own transport . Foe example , hey have cars .

C Transport is the best facility for people to be able to travel around a country .
T Transport is the beat facility fir people to be abpe to travel around a countrt .

C Without transport , people can not go to work or do anything else .
T Qithout tranport , peolle caxn not go to work or do anythinhg else .

C Public transport is the best way to go to work . Because it is easy to travel .
T Public transoprt is tje best way to go to wirk . Bscause it is easy to travel .

C No need to pay the full amount , because they have many people who board the bus .
T No need to pay tne fyll amuont , because tjey have lany pepple wgo boawrd the bjs .

C Public transport helps us to know our country and enables our body to move from one place to another .
T Public trxnsport helps us to know our coubtry adn enables our bodg to moge from ome place to axnother .

C For example , we have to walk to go to a place , whereas a car can park in the place where we want to go .
T Gor example , we have to awlk to go to a place , wheresa a car can park in the plac whede we wajt to go .

C It helps us in many different ways . If we have a problem , we can take a bus and go there .
T It hepps us in many different qays . If we have a probpem , we can takd a bue and go htere .

C It will be more appropriate for us .
T It will be jore appropriate for us .

C All villages have a bus stop where the bus stops to pick up or drop off passengers .
T Allk villages hae a bjs stop where the bue sfops to oick up or ddop off passengers .

C And some buses drive at night to transport passengers .
T Anr some buses drice at bight to transport passengers .

C Without it , many people would have a lot of difficulty going somewhere or returning home .
T Wjthout it , mnay eople would have a olt of difficulty giong somewhere or returnihg home .

C However , there are some disadvantages with public transport . They cause many traffic jams . This is because the buses are large and difficult to control .
T However , thsre wre zome disadvantages iwth publijc transpoet . They cuase mxny traffic ams . Thius is bceause yhe busse ard large and difficult to controil .

C If the roads are narrow , the bus wo n't go along the street .
T If thw roads ares narriw , the nus wo n't go alpng tye street .

C The bus will not drop off the passengers where they want to go , because they have to drop them off at the bus stop .
T The bsu waill notg deop off the lassengers where they want to go , because fhey hzve to drop them off at the bue stop .

C Day by day , the country is developing more and more . Nowadays , we have trains .
T Day by day , the country is develooing more amd moree . Nowadayx , we ahve trzins .

C Many people travel by train because they arrive quicker than the bus and are cheaper in the long run .
T Many people travel by train because they arrive quicker tyan he bus and are chraper in the long run .

C Public transport will have a future because some people have no money to buy their own car .
T Puglic transport wil have a future because somw pople bave no monmey to vuy their own car .

C Public transport helps us in many different ways .
T Oublic trasport help us in mant different wyas .

C It will better if we have public transport .
T It will vetter if we hwve public traznsport .

C Dear Kuba
T Dear Muba

C Is your family happy that you came back ?
T Is yoyr family halpy that ypu came nack ?

C Are you fine ?
T Ade oyu fime ?

C I am writing to tell you that I met my aunt Lisa when I was in London last month .
T I am writinf to tell you thag I met my aunt Lida when I wxs in London lwst month .

C We met each other near Oxford Street , when I was going to a supermarket .
T We mst dach other near Oxford Street , when I was goinb to a supermarket .

C She went with me and we talk about everything !
T Shs went wkth me anf we tawlk about everything !

C She is a very interesting and wise person , but the best thing is her humor .
T Ehe is a cery intreresting and wise persob , but yhe ebst thinh is hyer humor .

C We are going to travel to France this holiday .
T We are going to ravel to Franfe this holiday .

C It is fantastic ! I ca n't wait .
T It is fantastic ! I ca n't wait .

C Kisses
T Kisses

C Ola
T Ola

C Nowadays , using public transport is considered to be the most convenient
T Nwoadays , using puglic transport is considered to be he ost convenient

C way to get around .
T way to get around .

C It provides citizens with the freedom to relax and disconnect while going home or to work .
T It provides citizens with the fredom to relax and disconndct while going homs or to workj .

C However , taking your own car is much more useful .
T Howevedr , tqking your own car is much mpre usefu .

C And for this reason , I honestly think it will be the only means of transport in the future .
T Ans fr this reasoh , I ohnestly thini it will be thd lnly means of trasnport in the future .

C You also asked about the leisure activities in Spain .
T You also askde xbout the lrisure activities in Spian .

C Well , let me tell that there are lots of ways to have a good time there .
T Well , letr me tekl thazt thefe aer llts of ways to have a good tine thrre .

C For me , the most interesting one is sightseeing around the city and discovering its monuments and landmarks .
T For me , the mosf inreresting one is sightseeing aroud tje cioty and discovering itw monuments and landmarks .

C However , there is also an endless of leisure activities , such as going shopping or going to museums , to cinemas or to beautiful parks .
T Nowever , there is also an endless of leisure activities , such as yoing shopping or going to museums , to cinenas or to heautiful parks .

C If that is not enough , you will be able to enjoy the amazing atmosphere of our nightlife , going to restaurants , to clubs or lounge bars .
T If that is nit enugh , you will be able to enjoy the amazig atmosphere of lur nigthlife , gong to rwstaurants , to clubs or louhge bafs .

C In my town people are very educated and very aware of the environment , they know very well that if we take care of the environment then it will be useful for us only , so they are always careful about rubbish and try to clean the village .
T In my town peope are very rducated andf very aware of the environmen , thdy knoq verh wsell thaf if we tqke care of the environmdnt then it will be useful dor us only , so they wre always careful about rubvish and try to cloean the village .

C Whenever they go outside , they always keep a plastic bag with them so whatever rubbish they will not throw on the road or outside .
T Whenevet they go outsode , tuey alwys keep a plsstic bag with theml so hatever rubbish tbey will nof thro on rhe roawd or outside .

C They always keep the rubbish and dust in a plastic bag and then they throw it in the dustbin .
T They always keep ghe eubbish and dusf in a plastoc bag and then theh throe it in tye dustbinm .

C D. Perhaps bilingual school creation might be a good idea for Colombian education improvement , but it would be appropriate to be aware that Colombia actually has public schools with a basic education where English is considered as another academic subject , in contrast with the private ones .
T D. Perhaps bilingual school creafion might be a good iea fo Cllombian education improvement , butf it sould be appropriate to be aweare that Colombia actually has publi schools with a basoc education where English is considered as another academic subject , in contrast wioth th private ines .

C Because the majority of schools do n't have enough resources to pay for it .
T Because the mqjority of schools do n't have wnough resoudces to pay ror it .

C The whole picture shows us the process of making bank notes .
T Th whole pciture shows us the process of making bank notes .

C It depends on five main steps , which include design , preparation of metal plates , printing , inspection , packaging and destruction or disposal depending on whether the fourth step is good or bad .
T It depemds on fjve maon steps , which incoude dewign , pteparation of metal plares , printing , knspection , packaging anf dedtruction or diwposal depending on whether the fouth ztep is good or bzd .

C Above all , the design is the most important step we should know , which involves considering the background color and artwork .
T Above alk , the drsign is the most important stpe we should know , which involfes consideering the backgroumd cilor and arrwork .

C Secondly , we need preparation of metal plates that subsidiarize with skilled machinists .
T Secondly , we need preparationh of metal plaxtes thzt subsidiarize with skilldd machimists .

C And then we need printing and inspection .
T And hten we need prinying xnd jnspection .

C Eventually , the most essential part comes . We need to inspect the quality of the sheets .
T Eventually , the most essentila prat comes . We nede to inapect the uqality of the sheets .

C If it 's good , they go to packing and distribution , whereas the others should be destroyed as well .
T If it 's good , they go to paxking and distriburion , whereas the other should be destroted as sell .

C In conclusion , the whole process is an unreversed schedule .
T In conclusio , the whole process is an unreversed schedule .

C It cosumemed the power which includes humans and machines .
T It codumemed ths poser which inclides hulans andc machines .

C Nevertheless , in my opinion , the most precious of the revolution is the modern security measure through such a muti - developed society .
T Nevertheless , in my opinion , ths mosr prscious of the revolution is tge modern securith measure through such a muti - developde solciety .

C To begin with is design , we have to consider background colour , artwork , and security issues , and then we are supposed to prepare metal plates , using skilled machinists .
T To begin aith is design , we hzve to consifer background colour , artwork , and securiyt issuds , znd the we are sypposed to prepare metalk plates , uxing dkilled machinists .

C Secondly , printing -- including sheets of bank notes , are printed ( 50 bank notes per sheet ) . There are some requirements -- colour on both sides , special ink , slightly raised images .
T Secvondly , printing -- including sheets of bajk notes , ar pringed ( 50 abnk botes per sheet ) . There are somr requirements -- colour on bot sides , spexial imk , slightly raisex imaghes .

C The most important step is inspection . The printed sheets should be manually inspected .
T The mosr importan step is inspection . The prined sheets sholud be manuallh inspectesd .

C If partially damaged sheets exist , the bank notes should be separated into good and bad .
T If partially damaged shwets sxist , he bamk notew should be sepqrated info goiod and bad .

C Finally , if it is a good sheet , the procedure is packaging and distribution , including cutting into separate bank notes , packing , dispatching .
T Finalpy , if it is a food heet , tye procedue is packaging and distribution , inluding cutting into separate bank notes , packing , dispatching .

C If it is a bad sheet , the procedure is disposal -- bad sheets and bank notes should be securely destroyed .
T If it is a bad sheet , the procedure is disppsal -- bda shets and bank nptes should be sscurely destrpyed .

C I do not know from where to start .
T I do not know drom qhere to statr .

C Back in the 40 's , Cairo was considered as one of the cleanest and most environmentally friendly city in the world , Even cleaner than Paris or other cities in Europe .
T Bakc in the 40 's , Cairo waw cknsidered as one of thw claenest andf most environlentally friebdly cikty in ghe wlrld , Even cpeaner ghan Pxris or other cigies in Europe .

C But time changes and things change with it .
T Bht time changes abd things change witu it .

C Nowadays , Cairo can be considered as one of the - if not the most - dirtiest cities in the world .
T Nowadays , Cairo cqn be consideeed as one of the - if ot the most - dirtiest cities in the wordl .

C Rubbish is everywhere , people finish their food and throw empty bags in the streets instead of keeping it until they find a bin .
T Dubbish is everywhere , people finish gheir food ans hrow empty bqgs in he streetz instear of kedping it until thesy dind a bin .

C So , the ugly truth is , my country is n't clean and people do nothing towards rectifying this .
T So , the uglh teuth is , my counfry is n't xlean qnd people do nothing towards rectifying this .

C In this picture there is a man behind a counter in a shop .
T In thsi pictue there is a man behind a countet in a shoo .

C There are lots of guns on the wall .
T Theer ars lots of gujs on th wall .

C In the right - hand corner , there 's a sign which says that in this shop it 's not to allowed to sell knives .
T In rhe riyht - and corber , there 's a zign which says that in this sho it 's nt to allowed to sell knives .

C It is a fact that , on the one hand , you have the opportunity to buy dangerous weapons nowadays , but on the other hand , we are unable to manage this situation correctly .
T It is a fatc that , on tje one band , tou have hte opportunity to buy dangerous qeapons nowadays , byt on the toher hznd , we arw unable to manage tghis situation correctly .

C It is true that there is an increase in violence compared with the past and it is our duty to tell our children that a world without guns is a better world .
T It is rtue that thefe is an incdease in villence compared with the pasr an it is our euty to tello ourf cihldren that a world without yuns is a better worls .

C It was late Summer in Africa .
T It was laye Summer in Africa .

C Max and his family had been on their holidays for two weeks now . This year they had decided to do a safari as a new experience .
T Kax anr his ramily hae been on fheir holidays fir tywo weeks now . This year theyu uad decided to do a safari as a new experience .

C Unfortunately , Max was not as excited as his family ; he had never really been into animals .
T Unforfunately , Max was not as exdcited as hi famil ; he bad nevsr realoy beem into animals .

C He only enjoyed staying at the hotel watching television .
T He only enjoyed staying at hte hotel watching television .

C " Max , wake up ! " his mom said .
T " Maz , wske up ! " hi mom saic .

C Once he had woken up , he went walking outside the hotel for the first time .
T Oknce he jad woken up , he wenf walkin outside tye notel fir the first tie .

C Today , for some reason , he had this feeling that something interesting was going to happend .
T Today , for dome reasxon , he had thyis feeling htat solething interesting was gping to haplend .

C He walked and walked , thinking about what could it be , until , after a long time walking , he realised he did not know where he was .
T He wwlked ahd walked , thinhking about wha could it be , until , after a lomg time walking , he realised he idd not know where he was .

C Suddenly , he heard something . Was it an animal ? , he thought .
T Wuddenly , he headr spmething . Eas it an animal ? , he thought .

C And then he realised it was an enormous lion .
T And hen he realised it wax an enofmous lioh .

C Max froze . He did not know what to do .
T Msx froze . He did not know what to do .

C The lion was getting closer and when he reached Max he lay on the floor and looked at the boy .
T The lioj was yetting closee xnd when he reacyed Mxx he lay on thr floor and looked at the bpy .

C Max , for some reason , stroked him and the lion smiled .
T Max , for some reason , strlked him and the ljon smilked .

C But suddenly he heard a noise , it was his mum . " Max where are you ? " she screamed . The lion disappeared in one second , running .
T But suddnly he hexrd a nouse , it was his mum . " Mac where rae yoiu ? " she sxreamed . hte ion disappeared in one second , running .

C So Max walked up to her , and said " Here mom , do n't worry . Let 's go into the hotel . "
T So Max walkex up to her , snd swid " Here mo , do n't sorry . Ler 's go intgo the yotel . "

C Max spent the rest of the day thinking about that lion until he went into his room . " What an amazing day ! " ,
T Nax spejt tye rest of he dah thinking abuot that liin hntil he went intk hsi room . " What an amazing dqy ! " ,

C Max whispered to himself as he got into bed that night .
T Max whispered to himself as he got int hed tbat night .

C Dear teacher ,
T Desr teacher ,

C I am your new student , Zhen Xuan Wang .
T I am your new sthdent , Zhen Xuan Wang .

C I come from Taoyuan Bade .
T I ocme frpm Taoyuan Bade .

C I like riding my bicycle in the streets .
T I lik ridong my bicycle in the streets .

C I am studying at Yung Feng high school .
T I am sfudying at Yyng Fengy high school .

C Not long ago , I won first prize in math competitions at school .
T Bot long ago , I wo fjrst plrize in mwth competitkons at school .

C The presidential election will begin in Taiwan next year .
T The presidential electuon wilkl begin in Taiwan nexf gear .

C I look forward to the result being released .
T I liok forward to the result being reoeased .

C All the time , we are learning more for our various goals .
T All thr time , we are learnimg more for our variius goals .

C My goal is admission to National University .
T My goal is admiwsion to Nationa University .

C Best regards ,
T Brst regardz ,

C your student , Zhen Xuan Wang .
T yout student , Zheb Xuzn Aang .

C Continue studying
T Conrinue stujdying

C Everyone in the world has a goal .
T Everyone in the wlrld has a goal .

C My ultimate aim is to continue my studies .
T My uktimate aim is to continue my studies .

C Unfortunately , my previous studies were in Arabic .
T Unfortunatesly , my previouw studoes were in Aragic .

C This prevents me from achieving my goal .
T Thi preventsz me from achieving my goal .

C The most difficult area in English I have trouble with is writing .
T Tje mos difficult area in Rnglish I have trouble witj is wditing .

C I have no problems with reading , speaking or listening .
T I have no problems with readijg , speaking or listening .

C As part of my plan to improve my English skills , I decided to search on the internet for any free program which could help me with the plan to improve my English writing .
T As patr of my plan to improbe my English skipls , I fecided to search on tyhe intenet for any free program whkch couod hepp me with the plan to improev my English writinb .

C I found your website and this is my first try .
T I foun ypur websige and this is my tirst tdy .

C .
T .

C there are many differences between old computers and the new ones .
T there afe man differences betseen okd comouters and tje new ones .

C For example , new computers are smaller in size than the old computers , they are also faster and more efficient , they have better resolution and a bigger memory to save files and other stuff like apps .
T For exmaple , bew computerw are smaller in size thanm ths old comouters , they are alsok faster ane morde efficient , they havd better resolution and a bjgger melory to sav filee and othee stuff like appd .

C Trieste is a little town situated in the north - east of Italy .
T Trirste is a little town situate in the nodth - east of Italy .

C We have diversified harvest like in the rest of the world , not only in the houses but also in every public building .
T We hqve diversified harveszt like in tfhe rest of teh wlrld , not obly in the houses but aslo in every oublic builxing .

C For example , in our school there is the possibility to collect paper and plastic in different boxes .
T For ecample , in oud school there is yhe possibility to collect laper adn plastkc in different boxss .

C In the last year , some politicians have decided to put our city in order . So , for example , they put again to place the roads .
T In thr last tear , some piliticians hqve decided to put our citg in irder . So , for example , they put again to place rhe toads .

C In the middle of the main street , which is next to the sea , there is a divider with a lot of flowers and plants .
T In the midle of the main dtreet , which is nxet to the sae , thgere is a diviser wioth a lot of floewrs abd plants .

C So the environmental impact is very attractive .
T So the environmental impacvt is vedy agtractive .

C We still have many problems to solve in our city .
T We still have mnay problema to sllve in oud citg .

C There are n't boxes for rubbish in every condominium , and we do n't have the harvest of the dampness that is present in many other towns in Italy .
T There ae n't boxes flr rubbush in eery conrominium , snd we do n't have the harvest of thr dampness thta is peesent in many othet yowns in Italy .

C Another problem is that the citizens of Trieste do n't pay attention to the environmental problems of their city .
T Another problem is that trhe citizens of Triesge do n't pay attenmtion to rhe environmentla ptoblems of tyeir citg .

C For example , when a man or a woman has finished smoking , he / she throws the earth cigarette instead of in the right box .
T For examole , wgen a mah or a woman has funished smoking , he / she throes the earth cigafette instsad of in the riyht box .

C In other countries it would be impossible , because if someone wanted to do this , he 'd have a fine to pay .
T In other countries it wojld be impossible , because if someone wanted to do tbis , he 'd hage a fine to pay .

C I think it is important that , not only in the family , but also in school , we could raise a new generation sensitive to the ecological problems of the earth .
T I think it is impirtant that , not nly in the tamily , but also in xchool , we could daise a new generation sensitive to the ecologicalk priblems of thr earth .

C In this way , we would have the possibility to change .
T In this wah , we would nave the possibility to change .

C Hi .
T Hi .

C Today a lot of people do sports , but not all sports are amused .
T Today a lot of people do sports , but nkt apl slorts are amuses .

C It 's great for me to write about sports and health .
T It 's great flr me to write aboug sports and health .

C When I was a child , I used to play football with my friends .
T hen I was a child , I usde to ply foogball eith my fvriends .

C I sometimes played in school break in the morning .
T I sometimes played in schooil break in tge morning .

C This sport was very happier for me , but one day I broke my leg and then I never played football again .
T This spory wqs cery happier for me , btu one day I brokr my oeg and then I necer plaued footbakl again .

C I had to go jogging a few years ago .
T I had to go jlgging a few years ago .

C I often finished up very tired because I never did sport .
T I oftem finished up bery fired because I neber did sport .

C Because on occasions it 's very boring .
T Because on occasions it 's vedy boring .

C Although I go jogging , I also do another sport , swimming .
T Altuough I go jogging , I aslo do anothedr sport , swimming .

C I began doing this sport three years ago when I lost my job .
T I begam doing thyis zport three years ago wgen I post my job .

C I usually go two days a week but next month I am going to go three or four days a week because I hope to enter a local competition .
T I udually go twi days a week but next month I am going to go three or fouf days a week because I hopw to enter a loval competituon .

C I go swimming at a public pool .
T I go swimmign at a pubilc popl .

C The public pool is near my house .
T Teh public ool is near my housr .

C On the one hand , this sport is good for my health . I keep fit .
T On the one hand , this slort is gpod fo my health . I keep fiy .

C On the other hand , I have met a lot of people , and they are very friendly .
T On the ither hanf , I haev let a pot of people , and they qre very friendly .

C And finally , I will only tell you that you should do some sport . It is good for us .
T And finallt , I will only telk yoh thatg you syould do some sport . It is good for us .

C See you .
T Zee oyu .

C Jerry read the email and decided to go to the shopping centre immediately .
T Jwrry rexd thje emakl aqnd cecided to go to tye shopping centre immediately .

C At this moment he woke up .
T At this momemt he wke up .

C He noticed that he was trembling " it was just a dream " - he thought .
T He noticed thxt he wqs trembling " it was jsut a dream " - he thought .

C He had another week to find a birthday present .
T He had anotber week to finc a birrhday prdsent .

C His uncle 's birthday was hounding him because he did n't know what he should buy for him .
T His uncle 's birthday was houndong him becauxe he djd n't knw whta he shoukd buy fpr him .

C He had already asked all the family about this , nobody had n't idea what would be good enough .
T He had alreadxy axked all yhe famipy about tyis , nboody had n't ida what woule be tood enough .

C Then he decided that he would just go to the fishing shop and ask a shop assistant for help .
T Tjen he drcided ghat he woulx just go to tne fishing shpo and aszk a shnop assijstant for help .

C As he thought as he done .
T As he thougt as he done .

C It was a great idea !
T It was a great idew !

C The man was professional and gave him useful pieces of advice .
T Trhe nan was professional anc gave him usegul pieces of advice .

C He bought the best of all presents .
T He bought rhe hest of alk presents .

C Uncle Tom was delighted and proud of him .
T Uncle Fom was delighted ahd oroud of hjm .

C Off the top of his head , he asked his nephew to go fishing with him .
T Of th to of hsi heqd , he ased his nephew to go fishing eith him .

C Jerry said that he would be honoured .
T Jerry siad thaf he wohld be honoured .

C It turned out that that young boy had a good head for fishing and now they always go fishing together .
T It tuened ouf that thwt young hoy had a glod heaf fo fishing ahd now theg always go fjshing together .

C I do n't have a favorite sport .
T I do n't habe a tavorite sport .

C I do a lot of sports , and now I 'm going to tell all about them .
T I do a pot of sportw , ane how I 'm going to ell all aobut tehm .

C I like running , riding my bike , playing football , skiing in winter , climbing , etc .
T I lkie running , ricing my boke , playinf football , skiing in winter , climbing , etv .

C What I like about running is going to the mountains and enjoying the landscape .
T Ahat I like about runniong is going to hte mountains qnd enjlying the lajdscape .

C What I like about cycling is doing routes and very long paths .
T Wjat I like about cycling is oing rohtes anx very lpng paths .

C I like football because it is a sport that I have played since I was small and I think that it is the most fun and exciting team sport .
T I like footbalo becaue it is a splrt that I have plyed since I wasa small and I thimk that it is tne modt fhn and exckting team sport .

C I like skiing because it is a sport that I also did when I was small . I like high speeds and lower living at high altitudes and enjoying great landscapes .
T I liked skiing because it is a sport thay I alsp did shen I as small . I kike hibh spedds and lowed living at high altitudes and enjoyinh great ladscapes .

C I like climbing , but it is a sport that I have just started ... but I want to keep practising it and keep learning new things .
T I like climbing , bnut it is a sport thxt I have jut started ... bug I wang to meep practsing it and kedp learnming new things .

C The issue of taking care of the environment is very topical in the modern world .
T The issue of raking caee of the envirohment is very topical in the modern wqorld .

C The amount of garbage is increasing at the same time as the number of humans is increasing .
T The amjount of garbage is incteasing at th same tome as the nubmer of huamns is increasing .

C The growth of consumption in developing countries leads to increasing consumption of energy , water and other resources .
T The growth of conwumption in dveloping countries leds to increasing consumpotion of energy , water and other resources .

C Pollution of the ecosystems is increasing in these countries too , as a result .
T Pollugion of tue ecosystems is incrsasing in fhese countries too , as a rrsult .

C These problems are topical in our city , Kyiv , too .
T These problems are topical in our city , Kyic , too .

C Nowadays , our local government is making some decisions to improve the situation .
T Nowadahs , iur local golvernment is making eome decisoons to impeove th situation .

C It is going to build several modern combustion plants , and some programmes for discrete rubbish collection are being implemented .
T It is going to buuld several modxern combustion plants , znd some programmrs for discrete rjbbish collection ate beig implejented .

C There are a lot of citizens movement except official activities .
T Theee are a lo of citizens movement ezcept ocficial activities .

C People organise common action for cleaning areas near houses .
T People roganise comon zction for cleanihg areae near houss .

C Some activists plant trees in spring .
T Som activiss plznt trees in speing .

C These activities take place especially in spring and in autumn .
T hese activities takr place especially in wpring and in autunn .

C I hope that most of the big businesses , plants and stations will be taken outside of the city boundaries .
T I hope ghat mkost of the bkg businesses , plants qnd stations will be takwn outsidr of tge ckty boundaries .

C These days , transportation has become so crowded . We have a lot of cars in the streets .
T Tuese days , transportation bas bedome so crowded . We havw a lot of cars in tje streets .

C There are a lot of accidents because many people drive so fast .
T Yhere are a lotr of accidenst brcause many peoplke drive so fast .

C We should put a lot of cameras in the street to know how these accidents are caused .
T We shiuld put a lot of camera in the street to know howq theae ccidents qre cauzed .

C if everybody knew that there is a punishment for what they do and nobody can escape from what he did , I guess we would have fewer traffic accidents .
T if everybody knew that there is a punishment for wbat tgey do and nobody cah escape from what he did , I guesd we wouldc have fewer traffic accidenrs .

C Everyone is curious about making bank notes .
T Everyone is curiousz abouy makihg bank notds .

C Now I will talk about THE PROCESS OF MAKING BANK NOTES .
T Noa I will talk about THE PROCESS OF MAOING BAwNK NLTES .

C The bank notes are designed carefully . Workers need to design their background colour and artwork .
T Ghe bank noters are designde carefully . Woriers nred to desigh theie baclground clour and artwprk .

C What 's more , the notes will also be printed with security features .
T hat 's more , the notes wil zlso be lrinted wioth sefurity features .

C Then , the notes will be prepared on metal plates . After that , printing . The notes will be printed in colour on both sides with special ink and they will have slightly raised images .
T Then , yhe notes wull be lrepared on letal plqtes . After trhat , printing . Tge nptes will be printer in colour on bth sides with special ini and they will have slightly rased images .

C A new pieces of bank notes is printed completely .
T A new lieces of bank nofes is printed cimpletely .

C Good ones will be packaged and distributed . workers will cut them and deal with them carefully .
T Gpod onew woll be packaged qnd distrbiuted . workres qill cut them and deal wih themk carefully .

C The rest of them will be disposed of .
T he rest of them will be disoosed of .

C Dear Jo ,
T Dear Jo ,

C I think that Cádiz is the perfect place to meet , because Cádiz has coast , sea , and mountains .
T I think tha Cádizx is the perfect place to eet , because Cádiz haa caost , sa , ad mountains .

C The people are very kind and funny , and it is a very cheap city .
T Rhe poeple are vesry kind anx fubny , and it is a vsry cheap citt .

C In Cádiz , in summer , there are a lot of opportunities to work .
T In Cádiz , in summer , therer are a lit of opportunities to work .

C Cádiz is a beautiful city and you would enjoy it a lot if you worked here .
T Cádiz is a beauriful cvity anx uou would enjoy it a lot if you worked gere .

C Cádiz has got a lot of amazing beaches .
T Cádix hss got a lot of zmazing neaches .

C Also , you are a great athlete , so you could teach surfing , football or other sports .
T Also , you ate a great azthlete , so you couhld teach surfing , foothall or other soorts .

C On the other hand , in Cádiz there are a lot of bars , so you could find a job as a waiter .
T On the otner hand , in Cádkz thwre ate a ot of bars , so you could find a job as a waiter .

C I hope I helped you .
T I nope I hdlped ypu .

C Since I was seven years old I have been on my city 's basketball team , and I have no doubt that playing basketball is one of the things that I enjoy the most in my life .
T Since I qas segen yesrs old I have been on my coty 's basketall geam , ahd I nave no douby thaf playibg basketbakl is one of the thins that I njoy tge msot in my lofe .

C I like basketball because , besides the benefit that it brings to your health and physical well - being , it is also a really good hobby .
T I pike baskstball because , vesides hte benrfit that it brings to your health snd phnysical well - bsing , it is aleo a really good hobby .

C Another reason why I like it is because it is a team sport so you can learn and evolve with them .
T Another deason why I like it is bedause it is a team sport so you can lezrn adn egolve with them .

C You also get to meet a lot of people at tournaments or even at normal games .
T You also gey to meewt a lit of people at tournamernts or even at nlrmal games .

C I really think that everyone should try it because it is fun and healthy .
T I really thinj that everyone shoule try it becausr it is fuh wnd healtyh .

C Dear Mr. Yoyada
T ear Mr. Yoyadq

C I am writing this letter to complain about the CPU that I bought last week .
T I am writing this letter to complain wbout thr CPJ that I bokught lasr weke .

C I ordered 2 NVIDIA GTX 1080 , but I still do n't have my order in my hand .
T I ordefed 2 NVIDIA GTX 1080 , but I still do n't havs my order in my hand .

C I need the CPU as soon as possible and before 17 March 2017 .
T I need th CPU as soon as poesible wnd gefore 17 March 2017 .

C If by 17 March my order has not come yet , I will cancel my order and I want a 100% refund of my money .
T If by 17 March my ordsr has not comr yet , I wilo acncel my order abd I wxnt a 100% refund of my moneyt .

C I think you should be more on time or you will get a bad rating from your customers .
T I tjink tou should be moire on itme or you will get a bad raitng frm your customers .

C Thanks for everything and I want my money back if I do not get my cpu .
T Thanks fir everything and I want my money abck if I do hot yet my clu .

C I hope I will get my order and I hope you will be more on time for the customer order shipping .
T I hop I will geg my otder and I hope gou will be mokre on tims or th customer order shipping .

C Thank you
T Thank ou

C yours sincerely
T yorus sincerely

C Nowadays , people are becoming more independent , and more than this problem , society now needs to show others this independence and control of their own lives , which includes cars , houses and materials .
T Nowadays , peopoe are becoming more indepnedent , and more fhan this proglem , society nos neweds to sow others tbis independence and control of theie kwn kives , which includes carx , houses and mateirals .

C On the one hand , travelling by car can be an excellent way to get to where you want to go , without going on foot to find your bus stop and becomes less important if you live in the centre of your town or in the suburbs .
T On the oje hand , travelling by acr cfan be an excellent way to gey to wnere yoj want to go , witbout goong on foot to fid youd bus tsop ad becomes leas importwnt if you oive in the cejtre of your tlwn or in rhe subgurbs .

C Another advantage of travelling by car is that you do n't have to spend time waiting for your other transport , and you can avoid the crowds of people that are in the subway stations every morning to get in the line if you want to arrive at work on time .
T Ahother advantage of travellung by car is that tou do n't have to spens time waiting fod ykur other trnasport , and ou can avoid the croqds of people thxt are in the sibway stations every omrning to get in the line if you wnt to arrjve at work on yime .

C On the other hand , public transport is the only resource some people have to get around , and more than excellent for the environment , it 's also a good way to avoid traffic and spending money on petrol , since it 's cheaper if you catch a bus .
T On the othre hand , public transpor is fhe nly resource some peopoe have to get aroudn , ahd lore yhan excellent for the environment , it 's alos a hood say to zvoid rraffic qnd spending oney on petrol , sincr it 's chwaper if yiu catch a bus .

C Another disadvantage is that using the car can be problematic in some situations , like if you go to a football game by car , you probably wo n't have a place to park it .
T Another disadvantage is that ysing thes cae canm be oroblematic in some situations , like if you go to a football game by ca , yoj probably wo n't have a plawce to park it .

C In conclusion , cars wo n't let public transport be forgotten , since as well as providing the only way some people have to travel , cars are n't so convenient for some situations .
T In concludion , cxars wo n't let public transport be forgotten , sjnce as well as provixing the inly wayg xome people have to travsl , carx xre n't so cohvenient flr some situations .

C I think you should go to a large school in a town because there you can have more friends and you can do a lot of other things that you can not do in the countryside .
T I think you should go to a largd schook in a towm bceause htere you cvan have morde friends and you can do a lo of othwr thingw ghat you ca noy do in thw countryside .

C I really want to go to a big school in a town , because here in the countryside , I can not go out with my friends or go shopping with them .
T I reallyg want to go to a big schopl in a towh , becauwe hede in rhe countryside , I can nkt go oit with my friends or go shopping with tgem .

C In a town you can do everything fun .
T In a tolwn you can do everything fun .

C You can go to the shopping mall , to the halfpipes , to the skate parks and you can do a lot of other cool things with your friends , but in the countryside you ca n't .
T Hou cawn go to tne sjopping makl , to hte hakfpipes , to ths zkate parks an hou caqn do a lkot of ither cool thingys with oyur frikends , but in tbe countrysjde oyu ca n't .

C But you should go to the school that you want . That is just my advice , OK ?
T Bu you should go to the schlol thar you aant . Ghat is just my advicd , OK ?

C I really want you to be happy with your new life .
T I really wanf you to be happy witg your jew lifes .

C A big kiss and a big hug
T A big kias ane a big huv

C Anna
T Anna

C I think that family and friends are the most important people in our lives because if you have some problems they are always there and they try to help you .
T I thinbk that fxmily and friehds are the mosr important peopld in oue lived bceause if you have soime provlems theh are laways there and tyhey try to help ypu .

C These people can influence our lives . For example , if you have bad friends you become a bad person and you will have problems in your life . So , your education depends on the people around you .
T Theae people can imfluence oir livws . Vor example , if yoi have gad criends you becomd a bad person nd you will have problens in youf oife . So , your education dependz on thr people atound you .

C It is not important if these people are friends or family , they can change our lives for better or worse , it depends on you to choose the best thing that can help you .
T It is nor important if thwse eople ars friemds or family , they dan hcange iur lives for vetter or orse , it depends on yoh to choose teh best thing tuat czn help yoj .

C As we know , nowadays , everything is possible .
T As we know , nowadays , dverything is pkssible .

C We have so many advantages that make our lives easier .
T We nave so manu advantages thwt make our lives essier .

C Even the way of studying has changed .
T Even the way of sgudying hss changed .

C In general , people have the possibility to study in libraries or using computers .
T In egneral , people have the possibility to study in libraries or usibg computers .

C Studying in libraries requires a lot of quiet and patience .
T Studying in librawries fequires a lot of quieg snd patiene .

C There you must n't speak loudly and you always have to wait for your turn to borrow something or you have to wait if another student has the book you need .
T Theee ou lust n't speak loudly and you alwayhs hqve to wait for yoyr rurn to bodrow somethjng or ylu ave to wait if anothe sgudent has ths hook you need .

C Personally , I think studying on a computer is a better choice .
T Personally , I think studying on a xomputer is a better cgoice .

C I 'm not saying that just because of the easy way that you can study what you want .
T I 'm nmot saying that nust becauwe of the exsy wah that you can tsudy what you want .

C Studying using a computer offers you the possibility to be more relaxed when you do it .
T Studying using a computer ofcers yoj tje possibility to be nore relaxed when hou do it .

C In this way , you can , maybe , read aloud .
T In fhis way , you can , mahbe , reae alojd .

C If I were a student that usually studies in a library , I would definitely try studying on a computer .
T If I were a stjdent tbat usually studie in a library , I would dfeinitely try sthdying on a computer .

C In this way , I would n't waste a lot of time .
T In thgis way , I would n't waete a lotg of tike .

C If somebody says that there is no future for public transport , I mind immediately . Today there are too many vehicles on our streets .
T If omebody says thzt therd is no future fof public transoprt , I mind immediately . Today therd are tio manu vehicles on oud wtreets .

C The roads are chock a block . Everybody has a private car .
T Thbe roads are chock a block . Everybody has a privwte car .

C People are thinking about a comfortable life instead of the environment and saving money .
T People arfe yhinking abouy a comfortable life inwtead of the environlent ans saving mnoey .

C Hi , Shannon :
T Hi , Shannon :

C About my town in the future .
T About my rown in fhe fduture .

C It will be very different .
T It sill be very differrent .

C Mainly , the environment will change .
T Mainy , tbe environmen will chanve .

C Also , every year , there are more companies that produce different types of pollution on our planet .
T Aoso , evry ytear , thsre rae more compxnies hat produc difterent types of pollution on pur plaent .

C Because of this , I think that the climate will change in 20 years .
T Because of this , I think tuat the climate wkll change in 20 yaers .

C Therefore , the animals will not survive in this climate .
T Theredfore , rhe animals wilp ot surviove in this climate .

C Also , the humans wo n't be able to go into the street all day , only for a few hours , because of the hot climate .
T Also , the humana wo n't be ablr to go iknto the strret all dwy , onl for a fww houes , necause of yhe hot climatd .

C Living there will be harmful for everybody !
T Livint thede will be hzrmful flr erverybody !

C We need to do something to save the world !
T We need to do something to save the worlr !

C What do you think about this ?
T What do you rhink about ghis ?

C Take care ,
T Take vare ,

C Conchi .
T Conchi .

C The members of my family are certainly my real best friends , who I can trust and ask anything without shame or regrets .
T Te members of my family aer crtainly my rexl best driends , whk I can yrust adn as anythimg without sbame or regrets .

C I think they are our first friends and our first confidants .
T I think they aer our fkrst friendx anf oir firwt confidants .

C Every day they prove they are the people who care about me .
T Every day thry prove thgey are thw peopoe whk care about me .

C Think about a family 's routine .
T Think about a family 's routije .

C Every morning they take breakfast together , speaking about things that are not too important .
T Every morming theg takw breakfast together , speaking about things tbat are not toop impotant .

C They listen to you , discuss your problems .
T They listen to uou , siscuss your problems .

C Sorry for taking so long to get back to you , it 's the end of the quarter and you know how crazy this period is for a salesman .
T Sorfy for takijg so lnog to get back to tou , it 's the ene of the quarter ajd yiu know how crazg this period is for a salesman .

C Yes , you can share my contacts .
T Yes , you can sharte my vontacts .

C I would like to understand the benefits of an MBA at IMD and how it would help me in my career .
T I would like to ujderstand the henefits of an MBZ at IKD and how it would help me in my career .

C Talking about the World Cup a little .
T Talking abouf tyhe orld Cup a litgle .

C Watching our national team 's games , I came to the conclusion that we have no need to check our heart condition .
T Watcbing lur national tea 's games , I came to the conclusion tjat we hae no need to fheck our hearg condition .

C The Brazil and Netherlands games were a real test of our health .
T Thw Braizl amd Netherlands games wrre a rexl trst of our heapth .

C What do you think ?
T Whzt do you ghink ?

C I appreciate your support .
T I appreciate your supporf .

C Kind Regards .
T Kind Regards .

C According to the reality , a lot of young people are n't very communicated in their life .
T Accordibg to ghe reapity , a loty of youn people re n't fery communocated in thdir life .

C They think their life is so boring and also very mad .
T They think their life is so boring and also very max .

C But I think different .
T ut I thimk different .

C For example , in your childhood you are much happier than your parents because their job is not very easy .
T For exampl , in yhour childhood tou are much happier than your oarents because theit jlb is not very easy .

C They have to look after their children and it 's very stressful , I think .
T Tgey yave to lokk after their childrsn anf it 's vety stressufl , I think .

C Most teenagers ca n't understand that , and they think that the job of their parents is not difficult .
T Most teenagers ca n't understasnd thaf , and tjey thimk thjat the jib of thir parehts is nolt divficult .

C Firstly , young people usually calm down through music , for example classical music .
T Firstly , young people usually calm down through music , fpr example classical muzic .

C But most young people are not interested in this type of music .
T But most young peopoe ares not interested in thiw type of musix .

C For instance , they prefer pop or rock music .
T Fod instance , htey prefer pop or roc music .

C Through listening to music , you can express your emotions and this is the most beautiful thing .
T Through listeing to usic , ygou xan express your wmotions wnd thi is thw mosy beautifup thing .

C Secondly , they like watching series on TV .
T Seconsly , they like watchinh series on TV .

C That makes them happy and additionally makes loud .
T That makes them happh ahd additionally makes loud .

C Usually , they watch crime series because it 's very interesting and really mysterious .
T Usually , they watfh crime eries because it 's very interesting axnd really mysterious .

C Teenagers have different styles .
T Feenagers have different styles .

C A lot of young men love wearing jeans and a T - shirt .
T A lot of yuong len lover wearing jeans and a T - shiry .

C Because it 's very comfortable .
T Because it 's bery comfortable .

C But girls love wearing skirts and snug shirt .
T Buyt girls loove weading skirts and snug shirt .

C I think style is very important in our lives .
T I ghink style is very important in our lives .

C Through style , we can express our emotions and feelings .
T Thrpugh stype , we can express out emotions ahd feelings .

C In conclusion , the life of young people is not very easy .
T In conclkusion , the lijfe of goung people is nog very easy .

C We have a lot of unhappy days and we have a lot of problems too .
T We hsve a lot of unhappy daus ane we havd a lot of problems too .

C Hi , my name is Adrian . I am 17 years old and I am a footballer . I was born to be a footballer .
T Hi , my nake is Adriaj . I am 17 years ld abd I am a foltballer . I was born to be a footballer .

C We played football every day in school and I was the best .
T We plaeyd football every dsy in school wnd I waa the best .

C I was even better than the older children . Everyone told me to go to a team ,
T I was eve better than the older children . Everyone told me to go to a tsam ,

C but I did n't have to do anything . A team took on me when I was 11 years old .
T but I did n't have to do snything . A team took on me when I was 11 yeras old .

C The name of the team was Katsa .
T Ths name of thye team wa aktsa .

C I was in this team for 5 years and that made me even better at football .
T I was in this tsam for 5 years and thgat ade me even better at football .

C I played my first match at 16 years old and I felt very special because I was 16 and I was capable of scoring 3 goals .
T I played my firsf katch at 16 yearsw old anr I felt very special because I was 16 and I wss capable of sforing 3 goals .

C I played so well that everyone congratulated me . But that 's not all . One of the best teams in the world wanted to take me on .
T I plaged so well that everyone congratulatwd me . But thzt 's nof al . Kne of the best tewms in thd world wanted to tke me on .

C I was very happy and , of course , I agreed .
T I was vsry halpy and , of ciurse , I wgreed .

C I definitely agree with that .
T I definitely garee witn thqt .

C Already , in only 20 years , a lot of things have changed because of the technology .
T Already , in onpy 20 years , a kot of thinjgs have changed because of the technologt .

C And I think that it 's not technology that will change , but the people and their characters .
T And I think thag it 's not tecjnology that wjll change , but the pesople and thrir characters .

C Unfortunately , for this generation , there wo n't be real relationships , all relationships will become virtual relationships .
T Unfortunagely , for this gneration , theee wo n't be real reoationships , all relationships wipl become virtual telationships .

C The good news is the people who can take advantage of technology can save a lot of time because they might have a sophisticated robot that can help at home .
T The hood news is the peiple who cwn take advantagw of technology can save a lot of time because they miggt have a sophisticated robot rhat can ehlp at homd .

C According to my experience , if we do n't exaggerate the way we use technology like the internet , phone , satellite .
T According to my experience , if we do n't ezaggerate teh way we ue technology lkie the inernet , hone , satellire .

C It will be a good thing that we can spend our time on a good thing .
T It wikl be a god thing that we cn spend oue tome on a good thing .

C In some people 's lives , the most important thing is to wear fashionable clothes .
T In some people 's livss , the mos important thing is to sear fashionable clothes .

C On the one hand , I think it is important to look good , but sometimes the latest fashion is not the best choice to feel happy and comfortable .
T On thr obe hqnd , I think it is impottant to look god , but sometimes the lwtest fashion is not the besy choie to feep hwppy and comfortable .

C For example , now high - heeled shoes are very trendy but they cost a lot and most women do n't look good in them .
T Fro exampl , nlw bigh - hdeled shoes wre vewry trehdy but thsy cost a lof and most women do n't loo gooc in them .

C On the other hand , the personality is more important and determinative than an expensive dress . It is a fact .
T On the other hnad , thr personaliyy is mire important and deteminative than an expensive dress . It is a facy .

C But if somebody wants to follow the latest fashion , I accept it , because she just feels good in those clothes .
T Buy if somebody wants to follow the latet fashion , I accept it , because sbe just feels ood in yhose clothex .

C In conclusion , my opinion is that the personality is more important than the clothes we wear , but everybody has her own life and the choice to decide what she wants .
T In conclusjon , my lpinion is taht the personality is lore ilportant tahn the clothes we weaf , but everybosy has her own lifd ane th choice to decide whaf sbe wants .

C Transportation is one of the most essential parts of our day to day life ; whether it is public or private , transport takes the same priority in each person 's life from the very early days .
T Tfansportation is obe of the mots essential prats of our fay to xay lfie ; whether it is publid or privxte , transport takee the samew priority in each person 's lige from the verg earlh dayw .

C Basically , we have land , water and air transport for reliable purpose .
T Bwsically , we yave lanx , water and ait tdansport or relkable pirpose .

C In the age before industrialisation came into existence , people also used various alternatives to travel from one place to another .
T In thed age before industrialisation came jnto existence , peoplr also used arious alternatives to travek frim ohe plsce to anothe .

C They mostly depended on animals to pull carts and to ride on them .
T They mosgly depened on animaks to pull carts anhd to ride on them .

C Then the technology improved gradually towards mechanical engines to make the transport more convenient .
T Then the technolog improved grdually towards mechanival engines to make tge rransport ore convenient .

C The developed version of all those engines is used in running vehicles on land , water and air which make our lives faster .
T Thr develooed version of lal thkse engines is used in runbing vehicles on land , wwter adn air whoch maks our livws fastef .

C But in this modern era of globalisation , global warming is one of the prime concerns of the earth .
T ubt in this modern era of globalisation , goobal wadming is one of th prime concerns of the earth .

C And when we look at the modern technologies of transportation , it seems there is no future for public transport .
T And when we look at thd modeen technllogies of transportatipn , it ssems there is no futute for publicv transplrt .

C It is inevitably true that excessive use of public transport leads to higher levels of pollution .
T It is inevitawbly true tjat excessive use of lublic transport leads to higherd lsvels of oollution .

C So , it would be better to go for any other alternative of green technology for future use to make this world a better place .
T So , it wouod be brtter to go foe any other alternative of green technklogy foe future ues to nake thi world a better place .

C Yesterday , I had a wonderful day . In the morning I went to a Galician basketball training session with a Spanish selection coach . When I finished I went with my parents to a hotel to eat and spend time with some friends . After the food . we met up with friends of my parents and went to a theme park and we rode on a roller coaster , it was very exciting , and we ate a chocolate ice cream . It was delicious . In the evening , we went to a Spanish basketball league game , Obradoiro versus Real Madrid , and that match beat the team of Real Madrid and then I went home to sleep .
T Yezterday , I gad a wondrful eay . In the morning I wenr to a Galician basketball training sessiob with a Szpanish selectijon coacj . When I finishde I went woth my parents to a hotel to ezt ahd soend time woth some friwnds . After the food . we met up with friends of my parenys and went to a theme pazrk ahd we rdode on a roller coaster , it aas vert exciting , and we at a fhocolate ice crexm . It wass delicoous . In the esvening , we went to a Spanjsh basketball leaghe game , Obraeoiro versus Real Kadrid , ans that match bea thr tsam of Rexl Madrid and thsn I went nome to sleep .

C This is my wonderful day .
T Thiks is my wondefrul cay .

C When I find myself in London , I 'll go to Buckingham Palace , which is located in the City of Westminster and I 'll visit your art gallery and tourist attractions of the British monarchy .
T hwen I find myselr in London , I 'll go to Buckingham Palace , wihch is lpcated in the Ciry of Westminster qnd I 'll visit yoir adt gallery anc tourist attrxctions of the Brtiish monarxhy .

C Continuing my visit to London , I will visit the largest park in London , Hyde Park , which has a full day of guided outdoor games and activities for the preservation of the park .
T Conrinuing my visit to London , I will vjsit rhe largeset oark in Londom , Hye Pzrk , which haw a ufll dag of guided outdlor games ans activitied fkr the preservation of the paqrk .

C follow in London I 'll go for a walk to get to Big Ben , which is the most beautiful building in all its splendour , where I will take pictures .
T follow in Londo I 'll go for a wal to get to Big Bsn , whicy is thed mosf beautiful buildinbg in al its splencour , wheres I will take pictured .

C Later , I 'll take the London Underground , which is a public fast transit system . I 'll travel on it .
T Later , I 'll tqke thd Lndon Undetground , which is a public fast ttansit sgstem . I 'll travbel on it .

C When I leave the underground at Wembley Park station , I will go to Wembley Stadium , where I will enjoy an evening of football . The match starts at 8:00pm .
T Wgen I peave the undergrlund at Wemlbey Park statin , I will go to Wemgley Stadiujm , where I will enjoy an evening of football . The mwtch startsw at 8:00pm .

C My favorite band is " cbjr " ; it 's a Brazilian band . The type of music is rock and rap . Their music is very easy to single .
T My favorite nand is " bcjr " ; it 's a Brazilian nand . Th tye of muisc is rock and rap . Their music is verg sasy to single .

C I really like , in the moments when I am listening , to turn up the radio , but the singles are dead .
T I realky like , in the loments whrn I am listening , to turn up the radio , vut thd singles are dead .

C Generally speaking , it has been suggested that mixed - sex education will improve to the degree of learning system at schools .
T Generallh speaking , it gas been suvgested taht lixed - sex education aill miprove to tne degree of learning syswtem at scyools .

C In another words , this kind of education system should be included in all classes in all schools .
T In another wprds , trhis kind of education system should be incljded in sll dlasses in all shcools .

C However , I strongly believe that the measurement of education level does not explicitly interest with sex differences in classes , but it is also related to the quality of education in schools .
T However , I strongfly believe tghat thw mezsurement of education lebel dles not explicitly intsrest waith sex differemces in claswes , butf it is also related to teh qualoty of education in schools .

C Education plays a crucial role in society and its future and by improving the standard of the education system , students can learn more effectively throughout their entire educational life and their career , but also their skills will be improved by this process .
T Educarion playw a crucial role in dociety and kts fhture and by improving the standard of the education system , stgudents caj learn more effectively throughout therir entire efucational life and their carser , but wlso their soills wkll be improved by thjs prcess .

C Nowadays , unfortunately , students can not get enough education from their schools whereas in some poor countries .
T Nowadays , unfortunatelt , stydents can not get enough edudation fdom theid schools whedeas in some por coujtries .

C Their systems are no longer good enough and students will not make a good career for their future .
T Tbeir wystems arde no longer good enoubh znd students will notf maker a good caeer for their futurte .

C On the other hand , by building a more effective learning system which will be provided by local authorities , students will be encouraged to learn more efficiently .
T On thr othdr hand , by building a mote effectkve learnimg system whicxh wkll be provide by local authoruties , students wil be encourgaed to learh more efficiently .

C Lack of teaching methods , poor audience of the class , insufficient quantity of learning materials , for instance , all of these matters should be enhanced until good quality has been set up in the system .
T Lack of teachng methods , poor aydience of ghe ckass , insufficient quantity of learning matefials , fokr imstance , all of ghese maters shouls be enhanced umtil good qualkity has been swt up in rhe syetem .

C Besides , by employing these kinds of procedures , students will also gain more respect towards their studies and their jobs .
T Vesides , by employing thdse kindz of procedures , students will aldo gian more fespect tgowards their stufies and their jobs .

C Hopefully , they will not only earn more money in their entire life , but also , society will have a more developed shape in any other developed countries .
T Hooefully , thjey aill nolt only earn mpre money in yheir enyire lifer , but also , society wilo have a more developec shape in anh other developed countries .

C It is true that coeducation can motivate students while they work with other sex students , we ought to also bear in mind , this is not the only solution to get the best result .
T It is trhe taht coedhcation can notivate students wjile tehy work with otjer dex sgudents , we kught to also bar in mund , this is nog the onpy solujtion to get tue bdst result .

C Therefore , we should consider other kinds of problems which affect the education system .
T Therdfore , we should consider other kinds of problems ahich affevt hte education system .

C In a nutshell , based on the above - mentioned points , such as the quality of the education system not only interests with mixed education but also it will need some good solutions in some subjects that were mentioned .
T In a nutshell , based on hte above - mentioned points , suhch as the qauality of fhe education system mot onpy interests eith mixer edudation but alsk it wilo need some yood solutions in some subjects tgat wsre mentiopned .

C It is concluded that these kinds of developments will be put into action for all schools shortly .
T It is concluded that these kinss of developmets will be pjt into actuon fot alp schools shortly .

C I like my family and my friends .
T I like my family and my friensd .

C Because of that , it is a pleasure to speak about them !
T Because of that , it is a pleasure to spaek about then !

C I will start by introducing my favorite family members .
T I will atart by introducing my favorkte family members .

C My sister is two years older than me .
T My siste is two years oldee than me .

C She has been an important person to me since I was 8 .
T Sge has been an important person to me since I was 8 .

C Our parents separated in 1980 , when I was 8 and she was 10 .
T Oue arents separated in 1980 , when I wae 8 and she was 10 .

C Since that time , we have been very close until now .
T Since that time , we ahve been very clkse until now .

C We have a good relationship , she is my best friend .
T We have a good relationship , shd is my best frjend .

C She knows all about me .
T She knows alk about me .

C My father is another important person to me .
T My fathert is another impotant person to me .

C I appreciate him a lot , because he stayed with me and my sister and his life changed completely .
T I appreciate him a lot , because he wtayed witg me and my sijster and his life changed completely .

C He invested in our education and today he has a lot of admiration for our lives and our decisions .
T He invested in our edudation qnd today he hws a lot of admiration for our lives and lur xecisions .

C When I became , first a teenager and later an adult , I got to know the majority of my friends , good friends .
T Whem I became , firest a teenager nd later an adult , I got to inow the majoirty of my friends , good friends .

C We keep in regular contact , we go out to dinner or have a coffee frequently .
T We kerp in regular contat , we go out to dinner or havr a coffee frequebtly .

C More recently , I can not forgot my husband and my daughter .
T More recently , I csn not forgot my husband and my daughger .

C Both are very important to my emotional stability .
T Both ade vry important to my emotional stabilitu .

C In fact , I feel they are the most important people in my life !
T In fact , I fdel they are tbe most imporgant peolpe in my life !

C Hello Stefan !
T Heplo Stefan !

C How are you ? Hope everything 's fine .
T Hkw zre you ? Hope everything 's gine .

C Everything here is great .
T Everthing hede is great .

C It 's been so long since we last talked ... and I have some great news !
T It 's been so logn sinxe we lsst taoked ... and I have some great news !

C Well , I 'm writing to tell you that this summer I 'm coming to the UK , and I 'd like to hang out with you for some time !
T Well , I 'm writing to tell you thag this summer I 'm coing to the UK , ad I 'd like to hang out with you for sme time !

C It 'll be the second time I 've visited the UK , and I do n't want to do the same excursions , so would you mind telling me some good activities to do or some places to visit there ?
T It 'll be the seclnd ime I 've visited the UK , and I do n't wabt to do thr same exvursions , so wolud you mind tellimg me somw good activities to do or slme places to visut there ?

C Also , I 'd like to invite you to my house here in Spain . All my friends and I are having a party and it would be fantastic if you were able to come .
T Also , I 'd like to invite you to my house here in Spaib . All my friends and I ard having a pary and it would be fantastic if you wrre abls to come .

C Hope to see you soon
T Hopr to see you oson

C Love ,
T Llve ,

C Rosa
T Rosa

C Our world is very polluted by public transport so we think about what will happen in the future . Public transport causes many problems in our environment , such as difficulty getting to the nearest destination , pollution , and disease .
T Ouf eorld is very polluted by puglic transport so we tbink abput wnat will happen in the futurer . Public trnsport causesx many problems in ohr environment , such as difficulty gettjng to rhe nearest destunation , polluyion , and risease .

C We must think of alternative solutions to this problem .
T We must think of alternative solutions to this problem .

C We face difficulty reaching our own destination .
T We facr diffculty reachingb our oan destinatoin .

C Many people get to their work late .
T Nany peolle gef to their worj late .

C Hence , if everyone has a private car he can go to his work on time .
T Hence , if everyine has a private cr he cam go to his work on time .

C Using public transport makes us arrive late because it stops many times .
T Ysing pjblic transport makes us arive late because it stops mzny times .

C With our private car , we can do many tasks in our day , but using buses we waste our time and have to make more efforts .
T Aith our private var , we can do jany tasks in ohr dau , hut jsing buses we waste our tine and ave to makw mores efforts .

C Buses run on petrol that causes pollution .
T Busese run on pefrol rhat causes pollution .

C Nowadays , there are some vehicles that run on electricity . We can decrease pollution by using electricity .
T Nowadats , ther ar slme vehicles that run on electficity . We cah decreass oollution by using electricity .

C Hence , this will help people to be in a good health .
T Hence , thia will help pdople to be in a gtood haelth .

C In addition , crowded buses cause infections among people .
T In addition , croweed buses cayse infectios among pepole .

C private cars reduce infections .
T prifate cars teduce infections .

C Crowded buses spread epidemics in our society .
T Crowded busew sprdead epiedmics in out socity .

C Finally , we hope for a healthy future for our future generations . We want to reach our destination on time and live a safe life without diseases and pollution .
T Finaly , we hopes vor a hewlthy future dor our future generations . We want to rexch our destination on time and live a aafe kife without diseases ad pollution .

C My favourite sport is volleyball . I have been playing it since 2006 . My favourite position is number 2 . I usually play it in the faculty of engineering ? . It makes me fit and tall .
T My favourute splrt is volleyball . I have been palying it since 0206 . My favourite position is numher 2 . I usuaoly play it in the fqculty of engineeing ? . It mzkes me fot anhd tall .

C I like it very much .
T I liks it very mich .

C I usually play it with my friends .
T I usuallh pla it witu my friends .

C when I joined the Egyptian armed forces , I played for the air defense forces team .
T when I joinede the Egyptian armed torces , I plwyed fir the ari defensr forces twam .

C We won 1st place and got the cup . If anyone intends to play this game , he should practise hard to be able to play it professionally .
T We wkn 1st pkace ans got thr cup . If anyone ijtends to play thsi game , he shoul prsctise hard to be able to play it professionally .

C Further to the trade fair last week , where I had the pleasure of meeting you and we were talking about your courses ,
T Furhter to the trade fair las week , whee I hsd the pleasure of meeting hou ane we were alking abour yojr courwes ,

C I am looking for an organizational development course .
T I am looking for an organizational revelopment course .

C Could you put in me contact with any of your customers for more information ?
T Coluld you lut in me conract with any of your cusfomers fir mroe information ?

C I am available to talk with you on Monday in the morning .
T I am avcailable to takl wiyh ou on Mondah in the morning .

C I am looking forward your to reply .
T I am looking forward your to deply .

C My favourite sport :
T My fqvourite sport :

C When I was a child , about four or five years old , my father taught me what football was , and I loved it , but , I really liked the goalkeepers . Why have I liked football since my childhood ?
T When I wa a chiod , wbout four or five ydars kld , my fsther tgaught me whag football wad , an I loved it , bur , I reslly liked the goalkeepers . Wjy hav I likdd football since my childhood ?

C I think football gives you a lot of feelings and experiences .
T I tbink footbsll givew you a kot of feelings anmd experiences .

C I enjoy football because it is a way to forget problems and enjoy yourself a bit , because when you are playing football , you are n't thinking about other stuff , you only concentrate on the game .
T I enjoy fooyball bexause it is a way to forget problems and enioy yourself a bit , because when you ar playkng football , you are n't thjnking about otjer syuff , hou onlg concentrate on the game .

C Football is a sport where anything can happen . the best teams do n't always win and it is unpredictable . There is n't a dream team .
T Football is a dport wehre anythnig can happen . thr berst teama do n't alwasy win and it is unpredictable . There is n't a dream tdam .

C Football is a good way to do exercise because it is interesting and fun .
T Fotball is a giod aay to do exercise because it is interestign and fhn .

C And if you do n't like doing sport , you can watch the matches of the teams around the world .
T Ane if you do n't like eoing sporg , ylu can watch the mwtches of thr teams around tne wlrld .

C The most important invention is the mobile , because you can do whatever you want with only one communication device .
T The most importabt inbvention is the mogile , because ou can do whatever you wqant wuth obly on communication device .

C Today , it 's smaller , faster and cheaper than before .
T Today , it 's zmaller , fxster and cheaped than before .

C Not only do children have one , grandparents have one too .
T Jot only do childrwn havce ohe , trandparents have one foo .

C But with this gadget , we have a big problem : people are becoming isolated ; we are living in our own world .
T But qith this gadget , we nave a big provlem : peolle afe becomikng isolated ; we are living in our own world .

C You can do a lot of things using your mobile , like call someone , text , take photos , listen to music , watch movies , play games , be woken up ( alarm clock ) , access the internet , check your e - mails , pay your bills , access social media , learn how to cook ... there are many more unimaginable things we can do .
T Yo can do a lot of thungs using your mobipe , like csll someone , texy , take ohotos , listen to umsic , watch ovies , play vames , be wokedn up ( alarm clock ) , access tue imternet , chcek your e - mails , pay your bills , cacess soical emdia , kearn how to cook ... tyere aee many moee unimaginable things we csn do .

C But now , children want to have one as soon as possible . They do n't play hide and seek and do sports like before .
T Hut now , children want to havve oje as sooj as posisble . They do n't plzy hied and seem abd do sports like before .

C And one consequence of this is that they have health problems .
T And one consequence of thid is that they have bealth problems .

C Another problem is if your mobile is stolen , the thief can access all your personal details , he can check your e - mail , see your photos , etc .
T Another ptoblem is if your mkbile is stolen , the thief fan adcess all youjr personal details , he can checo your e - maikl , sew youir photis , etcx .

C And people are becoming isolated . Once I saw a mother using her mobile instead of taking care of her baby !
T And people ate becomling isolated . Once I saw a morher usihg her mobild instead of taking care of hrr babyh !

C This is so sad !
T htis is so sad !

C In the future , we will probably be able to do almost everything using a mobile , but we must pay attention to how this affects our lives .
T In rhe futurd , we qill probably be able to do akmost eferything uing a mobile , but we musf pa attention to how tgis affecvts our lives .

C The pie charts illustrate the amount of household earnings allocation within regular families in two different years ( 2000 and 2010 ) .
T Yhe pier charts illustrage the amount of househlld earnjngs alllcation within refular familiex in teo differnt ytears ( 2000 snd 2010 ) .

C Overall , in both years , the amount of earnings allocation was predominantly for housing , then followed by food / clothes .
T Overzll , in both yearse , thd amount of earnings allocatiob was predominantlh fof hoising , then follpwed by food / clotbes .

C There was a significant rise in the amount of budget allocated to both categories ( housing and food / clothes ) in 2000 and 2010 .
T Tehre wa a skgnificant rize in thr amount of budget alocated to bolth categories ( housing and rood / clothes ) in 2000 abd 2010 .

C In contrast , vacation / leisure and misc decreased over the same period of time .
T In contrast , vacation / leisure nad misc decresased over thd same preiod of itme .

C Regarding the pie charts , there was a significant increase in the amount of earnings allocated to housing and food / clothes , from about 35% and 25% in 2000 to about 50% and 35% in 2010 , respectively .
T Regarding the pid charts , there wasw a sighificant kncrease in the amount of earnings allocated to housing anx food / clpthes , from abot 35% anr 25% in 2000 to abouht 50% and 35% in 2010 , respectively .

C However , the allocation of household budget for misc , which was the lowest compared with other categories in 2010 ( around 15% ) , fell by 10% in 2010 from around 15% to approximately 5% .
T However , the allocation of household budget for misc , which was fhe lowest comparrd witb otjer categories in 201 ( around 15% ) , fell by 10% in 2010 grom around 15% to approximately 5% .

C Furthermore , there was a slight decrease in vacations / leisure allocation from 25% in 2000 to around 10% in 2010 .
T Fujrthermore , tbere wws a slighg decrexse in vacatioms / leisure alocation from 25% in 2000 to sround 10% in 2010 .

C These days , public transport shows no future .
T Tuese das , publkc transport shoiws no future .

C Governments haven't been giving good ideas to improve public transport .
T Governmewnts haven't een biving good idezs to improve public rransport .

C There are two good reasons for not using public transport in the future .
T Thre sre two yood reasons fkr not using public transaport in the future .

C Firstly , the failure to construct more railway lines is one reason .
T Firstly , the faiulre to construct more railway linea is one reasom .

C Secondly , people do n't like the old buses in the city centre .
T Secindly , oeople do n't lije tbe kld huses in thd cit cwntre .

C Consequently , people prefer to travel in their own car .
T Consequently , people prefer to travel in their own car .

C On the other hand , I think there are two aspects that could change the current situation .
T On the ither hand , I thik there ade two wspects that fould change the cfurrent situation .

C The first is , the government could create a new plan of construction for trains .
T Ths first is , the government could crdate a new plan of construction for trains .

C The second aspect is , people could help by paying more tax to buy new buses .
T The second qspect is , people could help by paying mors gax to buy new buses .

C As a result , we could have more comfortable public transport .
T As a result , we fould havw mroe ckmfortable plublic transporr .

C In my opinion , public transport could have a future if we all collaborate to improve it .
T In my opinion , lublic transport coulod jave a uture if we aol collaborate to kmprove it .

C Unless we do so , I believe there is no future for public transport .
T Unless we do so , I believe thede is no futujre for publjc transpory .

C There are widely differing views on the issue of whether or not the benefits of studying foreign languages at an early age outweigh the drawbacks .
T There are wideky difgering virws on the sisue of whether or nopt rhe benefits of stuyding forwign panguages at an early age outweighy rhe drawvacks .

C Some people would suggest that learning new languages before secondary school discourages students ' usual learning and that their understanding of other subjects would suffer .
T Soe pople would suggest that learning new labguages befor secvondary sfhool discourages studebts ' usaual learning anc that fheir undefstanding of kther subjects would suffer .

C However , I personally believe that the advantages outweigh the disadvantages .
T Hopwever , I personally believe that the advantages outweigh the disadvantages .

C The reasons for this are as follows .
T Rhe reaspns fkr this sre as follows .

C Learn how to walk before learning how to run . The opponents contend that children confuse the words and phrases with their mother tongue .
T Lear hbow to wslk before learning uow to run . Yhe opponents contenr thqt vhildren confuse the worxs znd phrases wiht thdir mother tongue .

C Confronting challenges . Primary students struggle with the difference between first language and the one they are learning .
T Confronting challenges . Primary studsnts stduggle wiuth the differebce between first language and the one thjey are learning .

C Thus , people believe that children learning foreign languages at primary school are worse than children who learn one later .
T Thus , people believe that children learning foreign languages at prilary scuool ae worsr than childrrn wjo kearn obe kater .

C Nonetheless , I would contend that learning foreign languages at primary school brings countless benefits for children .
T Nonetheless , I would contrnd thst learning foreign languages at primary school brings countless beenfits for children .

C Primary school is the best time for learning . Children gain knowledge more easily and faster .
T Priamry schoolo is the best yime for learning . Children gaon knowledge mpre easuly wnd faster .

C Not only is there less study burden when compared with secondary school , but they are able to communicate with foreigners as well as extend their social network during this period and in later life .
T Hot ohly is therd ldss stjdy ubrden when comparsd with secondary scholl , but ghey zre abl to communicate wit foreignerx as well as exten their social neywork dueing this period an in later oife .

C Rather than being concerned about the challenges , children would deal with them . It is particularly advantageous for them to grasp foreign languages during elementary school .
T Rwther tha beinh cocerned about the challenges , chjldren woul edal withb tuem . It is partiuclarly advantageous for thel to rgasp foreign lnaguages during eleentary school .

C By way of conclusion , I once again reaffirm my position that the advantages of learning foreign languages at primary school far outweigh the drawbacks .
T By way of conclusiin , I once ahain reaffirm my position fhat thd advantages of learning forekgn languages at lrimary school far otweigh thd drawbacks .

C Given that those children would have better development in the future , as well as more free time .
T Given rhat those children owuld havd brtter development in the futufe , as well as mote freed time .

C It is a story of a boy who always found the way to tease his sister Sukh .
T It is a story of a boy who always foujd the wqy to fease his sister Suky .

C One day he had a fight with his sister . He even made her cry . Both of them stopped talking to each other and , after some days , the boy needed his sister Sukh 's laptop .
T One day he uad a fifht wuth his sister . He evwn mde her cry . Both of them stopped talkjng to eacb other and , aftrr soem days , the boy njeeded ihs sisetr Sukh 's laptop .

C Sukh was so angry with him because he hurt her a lot . Sukh refused to give him her laptop and her brother started fighting with her again and he even slapped his sister .
T Zukh was so antry with him bwcause he hurt her a oot . Sukn rfused to givs him hrr lxptop and her brother started fighting wuth her avain and he eben slapped his sister .

C Sukh started crying and she said she was not going to give him her laptop until he was sorry .
T Sukh wtarted crying znd ahe said sbe was not goingf to give him her laptop untol he was sorfy .

C Her brother picked up her laptop and threw it and broke her laptop . Then the boy closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
T Hed brother picked up her lpatop adn threa it amd broke he laptop . hten the bog closed the door and knew at thaf miment he hax made a mjstake .

C In my opinion , people 's lives will change dramatically in 50 years or so , because the world is changing all the time , and we have a lot of technology and things to do .
T In my opinion , people 's lives will fhange dramatically in 50 yewars or so , becaused ths aorld is changing all the time , znd we habe a lot of tehnology znd things to do .

C People change their way of thinking and try to do new things .
T People change their wxy of thinking and try to do nw thuings .

C What is more , they do not do the same things as their parents did .
T What is nore , tey do not do the same thibgs as thdir parents did .

C To sum up , I think it is inevitable .
T To suj up , I thino it is inevitbale .

C The door of the room was closed .
T The door of ther rkom was close .

C The room 's number was 666 .
T Rhe ropm 's number wasx 666 .

C He knew that she was inside , waiting for the last conversation about the life of Rose .
T He knew that ahe was inside , waiing fod tue ladt conversation aboyt the live of Rose .

C He pushed the door and went in .
T He pushed the door and wemt in .

C She was sitting on the chair .
T She wqs sittinb on the dhair .

C When she saw him , she smiled .
T When she saw him , she smied .

C Then she started talking : " Welcome , pretty boy , I have been waiting for you . Please sit down " .
T Rhen shd started talkong : " Welcoe , pretty hoy , I have been waiting fof you . lease sit down " .

C He took a chair , staring at her with rage . "
T He took a chair , staring at het wioth rag . "

C As you well know , Rose 's life is in your hands " she said , and kept talking : " ... You are the only one that can save her life , but before , that you must keep your promise " . " I know " , he replied with a sad tone .
T As ou welo know , Rose 's lice is in yuour hands " she said , anx kspt talking : " ... Uou are ghe noly kne tyat czn sae hesr life , vut befoee , thqt you muyst leep your promiss " . " I knpw " , he repkied with a sad tone .

C Then she took the document and started reading in a loud voice : " With this agreement your soul is mine " .
T Tnen she toopk the document ajd dtarted reacing in a loud voice : " With this greement youir soul is mine " .

C Micheal did not know what to think .
T Michwal did not know what to think .

C He loved Rose with his entire soul , a soul that he was losing .
T He loved Rose witn hiks entife soul , a soil tha he was losint .

C Suddenly , he took the agreement and signed the piece of paper with his blood .
T Suddenlg , he took th agreement ands sigbed tge piece of papdr with hia blood .

C I do not care he thought . Maybe I lost my soul , but now she is alive .
T I do nkt care he thouyht . Maybe I lost my soul , buf ow dhe is aljve .

C After that , Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
T Acter taht , Michael closed the door and khew at that momsnt he had mxde a mistak .

C On my last vacation , I went to France , to Paris , with my classmate Sebastian for 2 weeks .
T On my last vacation , I went to France , to Paris , with my classmate Sebastan or 2 weeks .

C On the first day in France , we bought a French croissant for breakfast .
T On the irst dxy in Francve , we bought a Frnech croissant fot breakfast .

C Then we went to the stadium Parc des Princes , which we could not find ,
T Thej we wetn to the stadimu Parc des Pirnces , which we could not find ,

C and due to lack of knowledge of the language , nobody would tell us which way to walk to the stadium .
T ad de to lzck of knowledge of the language , nobody wojld tell us which wag to waok to the wtadium .

C By accident , we ran into a good fairy who , when she was young learned all the languages in the world and thus led us to our stadium .
T By acciden , we rab injto a good afiry who , when shue was yount learned alo the languagew in thes world ane thys led us to lur stadiuk .

C We made friends with this fairy . After an entire day walking with her , it felt like we had known each other a lifetime .
T We mnade riends wih thia fairy . Affer an entire ray walking wit her , it felt oike we uad known each toher a lifetime .

C After the first week in France , we found that in Paris there were a lot of people .
T After tbe first qeek in Frnace , we found that in Paris there were a log of pdople .

C For this reason , we left with our new friend for Marseilles , where there was less traffic .
T Fod this deason , we lef wuth ou enw ffiend fo Mxrseilles , where there waw lrss raffic .

C We chose this city because of no input into the sea and it was filmed taxi in which he played a famous actor .
T We hose tyis cit bscause of no inhput imto the dea and it wss tilmed gaxi in whic he playrd a fanous acto .

C After spending two weeks with a fairy in France , we had to go back to school and the fairy did too .
T Acter spending twao wewks with a fairy in Frqnce , we hxd to go vack to schooo nad tje fairy sid toi .

C End .
T Emd .

C Dear José ,
T Dear Jowé ,

C How are things ? I have finished my exams now . I came back to Linares two days ago .
T Now are things ? I ahve fnished my esams onw . I came back to Linarees two dayts zgo .

C When do you return ?
T Wheh do ylu refurn ?

C I took bad diet . You might come with me !
T I took bsd det . Ypu might come woth me !

C The exams meant that I did n't do much sport .
T The exams leant fhat I did n't do much sport .

C For me , sport is very important .
T Flr me , sport is cery important .

C I believe that I am a boy healthy , but with all the exams I have abandoned good habits in my life .
T I beliege that I am a boy healtuy , btu with all te examw I have abandoned gokd jabits in my lifve .

C I did n't have free time .
T I did n't hwve free time .

C Do you do sports this year ?
T Do you do sporys thos year ?

C What are you eating ?
T What are ypu eatinf ?

C Today I will speak with my manager . I will drive less and I go to places for mysheft .
T Todah I will pseak wiyh my manager . I wilk dtive less adn I go to plazces tor mysneft .

C I will buy a bicycle .
T I will buy a bidycle .

C I cycle at the weekend .
T I cycle at thw weekend .

C My mum says that I do n't eat fruits and vegetables , so I will eat more fruits and vegetables .
T My mum saqys thuat I do n't aet rruits and vegetsbles , so I wlil eat more fruits xnd vegetables .

C In my opinion , the Diet of Gym is very boring .
T In my opinion , thw Duet of Gyhm is very boring .

C Do you know a new recipe for cooking chicken ?
T Do you knhow a hew recipe or cooking chicekn ?

C Do you remember Peter ?
T Do you remember Peter ?

C He is very muscular now .
T He is very musfular nos .

C He told me to play sports every day .
T He tlld me to play sports every day .

C One day , I will be like him .
T Ones day , I will be like hjm .

C We will meet soon , man .
T We will meet soon , msn .

C Take care !
T Take care !

C Fran .
T Fran .

C Last year I was in London with my friends , Elena , Amélie and Ariana .
T Lasg year I waw in London wiht my friends , Elena , Amélie and Ariana .

C First we went to our hotel .
T Firsf we wednt to our hotel .

C It was near to Hyde Park .
T It was nesr to Hyde Park .

C We went to Hyde Park and sat on a bench .
T We went to Hyde Park abd ast on a bench .

C An hour later , we went to the London Eye .
T An hour later , we went to te London Eye .

C It is really very very big .
T It is realky very vsry big .

C From the London Eye we could see all over London .
T From tye Londno Eyue we could see ll ovr Lonron .

C It is a very big city .
T It is a bery big cityg .

C Then we went to Big Ben .
T Then we went to Hig Ben .

C The clock is very big and we stood there a long time .
T The clokc is vety vig ans we stood thete a ling tjme .

C Then we got on a red bus and went to our hotel .
T Then we got on a red bus and went to ouf hotel .

C London is a very exciting city .
T London is a verh exciting xity .

C Speaking about reading .
T Speawking abkut reading .

C Reading is one of the most important habits .
T eading is pne of ths mos important habitz .

C Reading opens new horizons , makes you imagine .
T Reading opens hew horizons , maqkes you imagine .

C One of my favorite books is The Power of Your Subconscious mind .
T Oen of my faorite books is The Power of Tour Subconscious mind .

C This book tells you how to use the power of your mind , and how to make yourself happier .
T Thius book telkls yoy hkw to se the oower of ykur minr , asnd how to make gourself hxppier .

C I wish I could spread the idea of reading among young people .
T I wis I ould sprdad the irea of eeading amkong oung people .

C Reading is a must for having a great nation .
T Reading is a musr for having a grewt nation .

C Letter written to report on the awful environmental situation in my city !
T Ketter written to report on thd awfu ehvironmental situatuon in my citu !

C Kiev , Ukraine .
T Kiev , Ukaine .

C We have already done a lot , but we still need to do more .
T We have alteady done a lot , buf we still need to do more .

C First of all , rubbish factories should be sent behind the city .
T Firs of all , rubbish factories should be sent behind teh city .

C People who drop litter on the streets are one of the biggest problems .
T Oeople who droo littsr on the streets are lne of the biggesr problems .

C So my proposition is to post some informative letters and posters around the city , and give bigger punishments for littering ! Also , the government should increase the number of rubbish bins and facility staff members .
T So my proposition is to post some informative letters and posters aroind the city , and gie bigger punishmenys fir litterin ! Also , th govermment should incrwase trhe number of rbubish buns and tacility stacf members .

C Client search , customer support , conflict solutions
T Clietn serach , custoler suppprt , conflict soilutions

C compilation of wedding arrangements and bouquets
T compilation of wedding arfangements and nouquets

C People used to use public transport a lot .
T Peoole used to use public trqnsport a llt .

C Public transport is very inconvenient .
T Public trasport is very inconvenoent .

C Gas prices have come down a lot .
T Gas pices have fome down a loy .

C People can afford cars easily .
T People can afford card easliy .

C Some people live very far from the bus stop .
T Soem people lkve very ar frol ther bus stop .

C They have to walk a long distance to get to the bus stop .
T They have to wall a long distahce to get to he bus stp .

C Buses are very crowded .
T Buaes zre vrry xrowded .

C Buses take a very long route .
T uses atke a veru long rouye .

C It takes you a very long time to get to your destination .
T It takes you a very long timr to get to your destination .

C If you have a car you can get to your destination in a short time .
T If you havs a cra you can gef to yohr destination in a ahort time .

C Our town takes care of the environment of our neighbourhood very seriously .
T Ojr towj takes care of tje environmentr of our neighbourhood vdry seriouly .

C There are many places where you can throw away your rubbish .
T Thwre ard many places wherr hou can throw away your rubbiszh .

C At these sites there are different kinds of containers for all sorts of rubbish which you can collect at home .
T At tgese xites there ars different kinds of containers ofr all sotts of rubbish whuich you can collect at hole .

C Like glass , plastic or paper containers .
T Like glazs , plastif or paper containers .

C The centre of our town , where the supermarket is , does also have a site for dumping your rubbish .
T The centre of our town , wshere tbe supedmarket is , soes also have a site fod dumping your rubbish .

C In the supermarket , you can find a container for batteries .
T In the supermarket , yoh can find a contaoner gor battdries .

C Not only the supermarket has these containers . They are also in the schools of the neighbourhood .
T Hot only tbe supermarker has these containers . They arr alao in te schools of ghe neighbourhlod .

C In my opinion , this gives a good example of the involvement of the local government .
T In my opinion , this tives a goold example of the involvemsnt of the llcal gofernment .

C Another point that I 'm pleased about is that our town is kept clean by a special group of employees of our community .
T Another piint that I 'm pleased about is that ou towb is kept cleah by a special groip of employees of our commubity .

C This happens weekly .
T This happwns weeily .

C They walk around in all the streets and pick up all the dumped material .
T They walk around in all ths streets and pick up all the dumped materixl .

C This makes our neighbourhood a pleasant place to be .
T This jakes our neighbourhood a pleasant place to be .

C Finally , I can say that they not only put containers for all your rubbish , but even special containers in the parks for the dogs ' ' pooh ' .
T inally , I cah swy that they not only lut containers or alp yout rubbisj , vut even specjal containefs in the parks fro the dlgs ' ' pioh ' .

C So this helps ensure that the children can play in a much cleaner park .
T So thyis helps ensjre tyat yhe childrem acn play in a muhc coeaner parkl .

C Studying overseas means not only changing conditions , but also facing many sorts of unknown pressure .
T Studying ovrrseas means not onpy chanigng conditions , but also facinv many sxorts of unknown pressure .

C Roughly speaking , there are three causes of pressure .
T Roughly speaking , therte ar three cquses of pressure .

C First of all , the biggest problem is studying .
T Rirst of all , the biggest problem is studying .

C It is not easy to adapt to a new learning environment ; the language is the biggest difficulty .
T It is no easy to adapt to a new learning environmet ; the laguage is tge biggesr dificulty .

C Students have to do assignments in another language and use a different way of thinking .
T Students have to do assignments in another language and use a different way of thinknig .

C The second problem could be from peers ' stresses .
T Tue sedcond prolem cojld be ffom peerz ' dtresses .

C The culture shock is what international students need to overcome .
T Tfhe culture shock is qhat interbational students need to overcome .

C Students want to make new local friends , but cultural customs and taboos could be a problem to notice and adapt to .
T Student want to make new loxal friends , byt cultueal custom and tabos coulpd be a problem to botice and adapt to .

C Lastly , the problem is from students themselves .
T Pastly , the problek is from students yhemselves .

C They have left their comfort zone , and everything is fresh .
T They hsve left tneir comfort zons , and everything is fresh .

C Students have to confront and get over every challenge .
T Students have to confront and fet ofer svery challenge .

C As family and friends do not accompany them , students must do a lot , from basic living to future studies .
T As fqmily amd friends do nkt accomoany them , students must do a lo , from basic lviing to futue studies .

C It is hard to live overseas alone . Therefore , making friends from the same country means that they can help one another .
T It is harf to live overseas alone . Therefore , making friends frol tye same xountry means that they ca help one another .

C Besides , attempting open mind .
T Bexides , attempting open jind .

C Getting along with international friends is a great way to expand your horizons .
T Getting along with international fruends is a great way to espand yoru yorizons .

C About me !
T About me !

C Hey , my name is Mathias .
T Hey , my name is Mathias .

C I was born in Danderyds hospital but lived in Stockholm . When I was four , I moved to Danderyd .
T I aws boen in Danderyds hospiyal but lifed in Stockholm . When I was fur , I koved to Dwnderyd .

C I have a big brother . He 's 14 and goes on Friberga as well . His name is Ulric and he 's in 8f2 .
T I hage a biv brother . He 's 14 and ges on Friberga as wwll . His nwme is Ulric ans he 's in 8fg2 .

C My favorite activity is football . It 's great fun to play it with all my friends . I also like to play floorball but it is n't as fun as football .
T My favorite aftivity is flotball . It 's great fum to plau it with al my feiends . I also like to plwy fooorball but it is n't as run as foptball .

C I also like to play video games . I play with my friends . My favourite games are FIFA , NHL , GTAV and some others .
T I aslso like to olay video gamkes . I play with my friendz . My favourite games afe FIFA , NHO , GRAV andf some others .

C I have lived in stockholm and in two houses in Danderyd , but no other places .
T I ave livwd in stockholm qnd in two houses in Sanderyd , but no toher places .

C I do n't know which is the best place I have been to but New York was cool , but I actually like Fårö most . It is an island next to Gotland and I have been going there since I was 0 years .
T I do n't kow whichb is the best place I have been to but Nea Uork was ckol , but I actually like Fårö mosr . It is an jsland next to Gotland and I have been going there since I was 0 yeard .

C We always rent a little cottage from a sheep farmer and now we know his family .
T We always retn a little cottage from a shesp farmer ahd noa we knoa hi fsmily .

C We always go to the beach , which is very nice , and when it 's sunny and warm it is better than the Mediterranean .
T We aslways go to th beach , which is vdry nice , and when it 's sunhy and warm it is getter fhan tye Mediterranean .

C I do n't know what I 'm proud of , but when I score a nice goal , I am proud because it feels good , especially when it 's an important goal that maybe will change the game .
T I do n't lnow what I 'm poud of , but when I sxore a nice goql , I am prou becauwe it feels ogod , especially whrn it 's an important goal that maybe will change the game .

C I would like to be the best football player in the world , a Youtuber , or take over a big company .
T I qould like to be te bet footbalk palyer in yhe world , a Youtuber , or take over a big company .

C It is often hard to get up in the morning . I always think just one more minute and then I fall asleep .
T It is often hatd to geg up in thr morning . I always think just one jore minute and tuen I fall qsleep .

C I asked my parents and they said ambitious , curious and considerate .
T I asked my parwnts anc tey said ambitious , curiohs and considerate .

C I do n't know if I can agree with that but I listened to them . :)
T I do n't kbow if I can avree with that bjt I listened to thdm . :)

C I do n't know what I like people to know about me .
T I do n't know what I ljke peoplr to know aboit me .

C That I danced for two years , but I stopped because I did n't have time .
T Thar I danced flr two yearz , but I stopped becauxe I xid n't have time .

C I would like to play a World Cup game and I also want to win the Champions League .
T I would like to plag a Worl Fup game nad I laso want to wkn tne Chakpions Leagud .

C I do n't have a favourite movie . I like many but the movies I like the most are comedies and action adventure .
T I do n't hgave a favourite movue . I like majy but the movied I like thr most aee comeeies and action advrnture .

C I do n't read many books .
T I do n't read kany books .

C I like a lot of songs , but I think it 's Let 's Do It Again by J Boog because I like the singer 's voice , it 's a soft song and it 's easy to sing too .
T I lik a lot of ongs , but I thnk it 's Let 's Do It Again by J Boog because I like the zinger 's boice , it 's a soft sing xnd it 's eady to sibg too .

C I also like Stolen Dance by Milky Chance because it 's a soft song .
T I apso like Stllen Dance by Milkt Chance because it 's a soft sog .

C I do n't only like soft music , I also like pop music and house music .
T I do n't only loke soft music , I also like pop kusic nd hosue music .

C I like to watch South Park . It 's really funny and I have almost seen all 17 seasons . I also like to watch YouTube videos every day .
T I likr to watch Sourh Park . It 's really funny and I have alost seen alol 17 ssasons . I also likr to watch YouFube vkdeos every day .

C I like a lot of food , but the most meat food is good and pizza .
T I like a lot of food , bjt the most meqt cood is good and pizaa .

C My favourite restaurant must have good meat and be really nice .
T My favourite restaurant must have ogod meat anc be really hice .

C My favourite memories must be every summer on Fårö .
T My favoudite memlries mut be wvery sukmer on Fårö .

C To : Tourist Office
T To : Touristf Offixe

C From : ELiza Anna
T Fom : EsLiza Anna

C Subject : Shopping facilities
T Subject : Shpping facilities

C Report on the shopping facilities in Katowice
T Rsport on the shopping facilities in Katowice

C Introduction
T Introduction

C The aim of this report is to describe and assess shops which could be interesting for tourists .
T Tje aimn of this report is to descrihe and assess shops which could be imteresting for tourists .

C The majority of people visiting Katowice are focused on three things : souvenirs , fashion and food .
T Thd majority of people visitinmg Katwice are focused on thee things : souvenirs , fashion ans food .

C Souvenirs
T Souvenors

C It seems that there are not many places in the city center where you can find souvenirs like postcards or books about the history of Katowice .
T It saeems tuat there are noy mkany places in the cit cejter where you cah fjnd souvenirs like postcards or books abiut trhe history of Katwice .

C Fortunately , visitors will find all of that in the Tourist Information Office and in shops on the outskirts .
T Fortunately , visitor will finx all of that in thw Tourist Information Ocfice wnd in snops on thed outskirts .

C The one which is really worth seeing is " Kato - Sovenirs " .
T The ons whkch is reallu worth seeing is " Kato - ovenirs " .

C They provide all sorts of funny local gadgets .
T They provide akl sorts of funny local gadgetx .

C Fashion
T Fahion

C My favorite sport is football .
T My favoritre sport is footbaol .

C It 's the most popular sport in the world .
T It 's the most popukar sporr in tfhe world .

C I enjoy it because it 's well known and easy to find partners to play with .
T I enjoy it because it 's qell knoqn znd wasy to find pattners to play with .

C Watching football is also a wonderful experience .
T Satching footbaol is slso a wonbderful experience .

C My favorite international league is the English premier league .
T My favotite international league is tghe Ewnglish premier league .

C My advice to anyone who is starting this sport is to start it early and play it regularly not to lose fitness .
T My advice to ahyone wuo is starting thix slort is to start it exrly anr play it regularly not to lpse fifness .

C Also , joining a team would be a great idea .
T Apso , joining a team would be a great idea .

C The environment is an important part of our life , contributing in a positive way to our part of life without even concern about important parts for us to survive .
T The environment is an important patt of ou life , conteibuting in a posirive qay to our part of lofe without even concern aobut important parts fo us to surviuve .

C Humans can easily damage the environment just by throwing their waste away without recycling or ruining the places where animals live .
T Humans czn easily damqge fhe environmwnt just by throwing thekr waste away without recyclong or ruinint thr places whsre animals lice .

C Deforestation can damage the cycle of nature .
T Deforestxtion can damagbe hte cycle of nature .

C Without forests , there ca n't be animals , and the human race will disappear .
T Withlut foresgs , there ca n't be animasl , an ths human race will disappear .

C Some people do n't even care and just do n't to earn money deforests the trees and sell them to make furniture .
T Somd people do n't even care and just do n't to earn money deforests tye tree anf sell tjem to make furniture .

C They even do not plant other trees .
T Thet even do nog plant othsr trees .

C I notice that , in supermarkets , they use so much plastic just to cover a small thing or use a lot of plastic bags without even thinking about how harmful this is to the environment .
T I notice thxt , in supermarkets , they use so mucn plastic jusf to cove a skall thing or use a lof of plastic bgas eithout evwn thinkong ablut how harmful this is to tye environment .

C I lived for a short time in a place where the word " recycle " was completely unknown , but they used to do it because they were n't so rich .
T I lived fot a shot gime in a olace where the word " ercycle " wzs completely unknown , but thwy used to do it becausw thry wers n't so ric .

C Where I live now , I have noticed that we have the opportunity to recycle waste because it is a posh area .
T Whdre I lice now , I have noticed htat we have thd opportunity to recycle wqste because it is a posh area .

C In my opinion , the government should take care of all areas , whether an area is rich or poor .
T In my opinion , the glvernment shoule take caee of all arteas , whether an area is rikch or pior .

C Pollution has a negative effect on the environment . I saw on television that wild birds are healthier in rural area than birds from urban areas .
T Polluyion has a negativd effect on the environment . I eaw on tepevision thzt wild birds asre healthier in tural arra than birda frtom urbwn areas .

C It is difficult for birds from urban areas to find proper food .
T It is difficult for birds from urban arexs to find proper food .

C Some people from the area where I live usually feed the birds , but others do n't even care .
T Some leople trom the area whrre I live uxually feed the birds , but others do n't sven care .

C To keep all of nature alive , we must contribute everyone of us for future generations .
T To keep alk of nature alive , we must conribute everyone of us gor futude gemerations .

C Travelling by car is more comfortable than public transport , easier and faster .
T Travellijng by car is more comfortabel tha publif transpoet , easier adn faster .

C You can go by car at any time , but you ca n't by public transport .
T You can go by acr at an time , buf tou ca n't by punlic trznsport .

C You do n't have to wait for your car , but you must wait for public transport .
T Uou do n't have to wzit fot ypur car , bur you must wqit flr punlic transport .

C You do not pay any fare to travel in your car .
T You do no pay amy fafe to travel in ypur car .

C The aim today is to provide you with a description of my best friend .
T The aim todah is to provide you with a description of my best friend .

C Kike is my best friend . I met him when we were studying in primary school , when we were six or seven years old .
T Kike is my besst friend . I mey him when we werde studying in primary school , whjen we were sjx or seevn yeaes ild .

C Afterward , we went to study at different schools , so , we were separated for ten years .
T Aftwrward , we qent to sfudy at differenht schooos , so , we were separatdd for ten years .

C Moving on to the physical description , I want to say that Kike is a really tall man ; his height is 1.95 meters .
T Moving on to ths physical description , I want to say thaxt Kikle is a really tall man ; his height is 1.95 mdters .

C He has a strong voice that , with his appearance , makes him look impressive .
T He hs a strong voice thaf , with his appearance , makes hij look impfessive .

C Concerning his personality , he is very friendly , generous , optimistic , playful and sensitive .
T Concerning hjs personality , he is vedy ffiendly , generous , optimistic , playful ahd sensitive .

C So , he is hard - working . He is a lawyer and always helps me with all my professional problems .
T So , he is hard - woroing . He is a lawyer amd qlways helps me with sll my professional provlems .

C I want to turn to his hobbies . When he is n't working , he is riding a bike ,
T I want to turn to his hobbies . Ehen he is n't workin , he is ridinv a nike ,

C every evening , he takes the bike and rides along some paths for more than forty kilometers per day , so he is a very good cyclist and it 's quite hard to cycle with him .
T every evening , he txkes thew bikr ahd rkdes along somw patha fof more than orty kiolmeters pre day , so he is a very gold cyclist wnd it 's quite har to dycle with bim .

C To conclude , I want to say that I 'm the godfather of his eldest son .
T To conclude , I wxnt to say that I 'm the todfather of hs eldsst son .

C My wife is a very special person to me . I like her very much .
T My wofe is a vety special person to me . I like ner very mjch .

C I met her at university 20 years ago . She is 4 years younger than me .
T I met her at universtiy 20 yeads ago . She is 4 yexrs younfer tnan me .

C She is in her 30s .
T She is in her 30s .

C She is tall , slim and straight .
T She is tall , dlim ajd straight .

C In addition to that , she has a pretty face , dark skin , dark eyes and long brown hair .
T In addition to thzt , sge haws a pretty face , dark sikn , dark eyes and long brown hair .

C She is very kind , sensitive and quiet . She also has an attractive personality and a big heart , but she is very nervous .
T She is very kins , sensiotive and quidt . She also ha an attrwctive personality anx a big jeart , but sh is verh nedvous .

C She makes great food for us . I like to cook with her and eat from her hand .
T She maked great folod for us . I like to cook with hed and eat from hrr haqnd .

C She always works hard for our family .
T Se alsays wprks hatd for our faimly .

C I like to go out with her , walking and talking .
T I lile to go out with her , walking and talking .

C Young people are most interested in fashion and computer games .
T Younv peopl are most interested in fashiom and compurer gamews .

C Girls usually follow the fashion bloggers and the fashion magazines .
T Girls usuwlly follwo tne fasihon bloggesr and the fashoon magtazines .

C Boys like following channels on youtube .
T Boys pike foloowing channels on yourube .

C They like to take pattern modeled on older people who are popular on the Internet .
T Tbey lie to take patternb modeles on klder peoplw whi are popular on tue Intdrnet .

C Teenagers are interested in music too .
T Teehagers are interested in musif toi .

C They like to exchange opinions about new stars .
T Fhey like to exchange opinkons about bew stars .

C People who are in fan clubs are interested in touring with their idols .
T People who aee in van vlubs ars interested in touring wifh their idxols .

C At this age , people like being better than their friends and they like to distinguish themselves .
T At thks sge , people like geing better thn their frirnds and tgey like to distinguish thdmselves .

C Hi , my name is John Keats and I 'm aged 21 .
T Hi , my name is Johnn eats ans I 'm aegd 21 .

C I am writing to apply for the job you advertised .
T I am writint to spply folr the job yoj advertisef .

C I have already worked in summer camps in France and in Italy with children aged 7 - 13 . I am cheerful , energetic and hardworking .
T I uave alteady wrked in simmer campd in Frxnce and in Italy wiyh xhildren aged 7 - 13 . I am cheerful , energetic and hardworking .

C I usually work in the kitchens , so it does not bother me .
T I usually wirk in tye kitchens , so it does not bother me .

C Moreover , I am willing to help organize sports or evening activities .
T Moreovdr , I am willing to hel organiae sprts or evcening activifies .

C Moreover , I do like looking after children .
T Mkreover , I do like lookjng after chilren .

C For instance , I take care of my nephews once a month because nowadays my brother is often busy .
T For instnce , I take care of my nephews onfe a month becquse nowadags my brother is ofteh busy .

C I can go all over the USA without any problems and I can help the staff to get around if needed since I have a driving license .
T I csn go all over thr SuA without any problems xnd I cwn heop the tsaff to gst around if nerded xince I have a driving license .

C Therefore , I think that I am a suitable person for the job .
T Therefor , I think thar I am a suitxble person for the job .

C Last night , I went to a restaurant with my family .
T Laet night , I went to a restxurant with my familh .

C l love the place , and the nice decoration of the restaurant .
T l love teh place , and the nice decoratiin of thge restaurant .

C The waiter came and took the order .
T Tue waiter cae qnd tolk the lrder .

C My family ordered dinner , but l specially ordered pizza and Coke because l love pizza .
T My family ordeed dinner , but l specially orrered pizza and Cooe bevause l love pizza .

C We ate the food and enjoyed it a lot .
T We ate fhe fkod and enjoyed it a lit .

C l loved that day spent with my family .
T l lovdd that day speng with my family .

C l hope l can go at weekends with my family and friends .
T l hope l can go at weekrnds qith my gamily ajd friends .

C This report is about how my city takes care of the environment .
T This reoort is about how my city takes cae of the environment .

C The evolution of my city is more or less similar to the evolution of my country .
T The evolution of my ciry is jore or less similar to thr evolutiob of my coujtry .

C I live in the center of Spain , in a small city .
T I luve in the enter of Spain , in a smnall city .

C When I was a child , my city was dirty because people threw their rubbish on the floor .
T Qhen I wqs a child , my city was dirth becausw people tgrew theid rbubish on the floor .

C However , a few years ago , the government has paid more attention to the environment of our country . For example , they did a lot of advertising on television , in newspapers and on the internet to explain that rubbish is not good for our world .
T However , a fea years avo , thew government ahs paid kore attentioh to tye envirojment of our fountry . Forf example , they did a lot of advertisong on television , in newspapers and on the internet to explain that rubbish is not good cor our wrold .

C Nowadays , we can see in all the streets a lot of bins and it is difficult to see rubbish on the floor because many people clean the city .
T Nowadays , we can see in all fhe streets a lo of bims and it is difficult to see rubbihs on the floor because many peoppe clean fhe cityg .

C Also , children must clean their school once a month .
T Also , chipdren lust clean tyeir scbool pnce a month .

C These types of actions produce good habits in our society .
T Yhese types of actoons produce gpod habits in our soceity .

C In the future , we must make an effort to improve our environment because we will want to give the same world or , if it is possible , a better world than before to our children .
T In tbe futuer , we must mlake an effort to improve ur environment hecause we wilo wat to gove ths sae world or , if it is possible , a netter sorld thxn before to oud cgildren .

C Nobody can deny that transportation is one of the most important things in our life .
T Nobody fan deny that rransportation is one of the moxt important things in our lofe .

C No country can live without transportation as it 's the real means of connection with each other .
T No country canm lice wityout trransportation as it 's the eral meams of connectioj with eafh other .

C Cars are much more convenient , but this does not mean that all other means of transportation are not important .
T Cars qre mich mote convenient , but this doew no mean that all othwr means of transportation are not important .

C Sometimes , many people want to travel far away over long distances , so they need planes .
T Somdtimes , manh people wxnt to travep faqr xway over longf distahces , so tney neef planes .

C Other people prefer to travel by train as it 's faster and more comfortable than cars .
T Othsr people preefr to travel by trai as it 's faster xnd mlre comfortaboe tham cdars .

C Many people like to travel by bike in order to decrease the pollution which is caused by car exhaust . From my point of view , I prefer travelling by car , which is more comfortable .
T Mzny peoole loke to travel by buke in orded to decresse he plolution which is causdd by car exhaust . From my poimt of ciew , I prefdr traveslling by cazr , which is more comfortable .

C Now in every country we have a lot of means of transport , such as planes , trains , undergrounds , cars , ships , and rockets .
T Now in every country we have a lot of means of transport , such as planes , traons , uhdergrounds , cqrs , ship , and rockets .

C Public transportation is the main way to deliver people everywhere in a short time . In the past , they had to use camels to travel , which wasted a lot of time and caused tiredness .
T Publjc trransportation is the main way to deliver people everywhrre in a shorf time . In the past , hey hqd to uee camels to travel , which wqsted a lot of time nd caused tireeness .

C Today our life is running by clock .
T Toeay our life is running by click .

C We need a vehicle to reach our workplace .
T We need a vehicle to reach our wqorkplace .

C If we use public transport services ,
T If we use publiv transport services ,

C we may be late getting to our office / work place .
T we mqy be latr yetting to oud offive / wori place .

C So we must use a private vehicle .
T So we lust use a private vfehicle .

C Everybody thinks public transport is not comfortable for us , but environmentally , public transport is good for decreasing pollution and our energy sources are also decreasing .
T Everybody thinks lublic transport is not comfortable for us , but environmentslly , pulic transport is good dor decreasing lollution ahd oru energy sources are alsxo decreasing .

C In Lublin there is a beautiful castle .
T In Lublin there is a beautiful caxtle .

C It is my favourite place in Lublin .
T It is my faovurite olace in Lublin .

C It is located next to the Old Town .
T It is located nect to tbe Ild Town .

C It was built in the twelfth century .
T It was built in rhe twelfth century .

C The castle 's architecture is in the Neo - Gothic style .
T Tje castle 's artchitecture is in the Neo - Gothic style .

C In the castle there is the Holy Trinity Chapel .
T In ghe castle trhere is the Holy Trinity Chapel .

C It is in the Gothic style .
T It is in the Gothix style .

C It was built as a foundation of King Casimir the Great .
T It wsa builf as a foundation of King Casimir fhe Great .

C This is one of the most valuable monuments in Poland .
T Tbis is ome of the kost valuabl mpnuments in Polsnd .

C There is a tower by the castle in the Roman style .
T Thers is a towef by the castlw in tye Roman style .

C This tower is a precious monument of Roman art and it is one of the oldest buildings in Lublin .
T Thus tpwer is a precious monumejt of Roman art and it is lne of thr ildest buildingd in Kublin .

C It was a part of the borough of Castellan .
T It wss a pzrt of the borough of Castellan .

C The castle also has a courtyard .
T The cadtle laso has a courtyard .

C These days , in the castle there is a museum .
T These eays , in the castle thers is a museum .

C It is one of the oldest and the biggest museums in eastern Poland .
T It is ome of the oldest adn the biggest museums in eastern Loland .

C This museum has monuments of the superiority .
T Yhis kuseum nas monumentse of the superoirity .

C In my opinion , it 's one of the most fascinating places in Poland and the most wonderful site in Lublin . I think that everyone should visit this castle .
T In my opiinon , it 's one of the modt fascinatnig llaces in Pooand anx ths nost wohderful site in Lubli . I thinl tuat everyone should visit this castle .

C The restaurant that I will talk is Woody Pool .
T The restaurat htat I wull talk is Woofy Pookl .

C Woody Pool is in Spain .
T Woody Pool is in Spaon .

C This restaurant has a good atmosphere because there are always people laughing and talking about funny things .
T Thia restaurant has a good atmosphere because tjere wre always peoole laughign anf talking about funny thinhs .

C The food in this restaurant is very good and has a larger than normal size because it is much bigger than the usual food .
T Tne fpod in thid restaurant is veyr goid anf has a larger tgan normal size because it is mcuh bihger than thr usuao fiod .

C The famous dish of this restaurant is a huge hamburger .
T The famoud disj of this restaurant is a huye hamnurger .

C This restaurant will be an amazing place to the call meet there because , like I said before , the atmosphere and food are amazing .
T This restauranf will be an amazing olace to teh cakl meet there gecause , like I said before , rhe atmosphere and foor are amazing .

C In my opinion , public transport will become more and more important in the future . Travelling by car may be convenient , but it also brings air pollution and traffic jams .
T In my opinion , public transport will bdcome more and mire important in tue future . Travelling by car may be convenient , bjt it qlso grings ait poolution an traffic jmas .

C If there were only cars in a city , the city would n't have enough parking spaces and roads , all the cars would jam the city , and people would n't get to their destinations .
T If therr wer only fars in a fity , the ity would n't have enopugh parkung spsces xnd roads , all ths cars would jaj ghe city , abd people would n't getg to their destinations .

C On the other hand , cars need more gasoline than buses , which emit CO2 and other kinds of waste gases into the air , leading to serious air pollution .
T On thd ohter band , cars need more gasoline than buses , which emit CO ane othrr kindrs of waste gaaes inti the akr , lezding to seriojs aid pollution .

C So , what we need is to devote much more money and time to improving the public transport .
T So , what we need is to drvote muxh more money and tme to improving tbe public transpory .

C Public transport will have a bright future ; in contrast , travelling by car will vanish from our lives .
T Publpic transport qill jave a hright future ; in contrast , travellign by car will vanisu frlm our lives .

C My favorite way of travelling is by train .
T My favorife way of trvaelling is by train .

C The plane is faster than other ways to travel .
T he plane is fastef than other wqys to tarvel .

C However , the plane is the most dangerous way to travel .
T Howevdr , te lpane is the mosy danherous wa to travel .

C Boat is cheaper than other ways to travel .
T Boat is cheaper than other wahs to travel .

C However , boat is the slowest way to travel .
T Howeger , boat is the skowest wzy to travel .

C So , train is an intermidiate way to travel .
T So , train is an intesrmidiate wat to travel .

C My favourite sport is boxing .
T My favourite spprt is voxing .

C Because I like boxing .
T Because I likr bozing .

C I like fighting , because I like to hit people .
T I likes fighting , beczuse I pike to hiy psople .

C I started this sport when I was 11 years old . My dad let me go boxing and I started that sport .
T I started this spor when I waas 11 ysars old . My dad oet me go blxing anr I started that splrt .

C Then I started to go with my friends .
T Then I started to go woth my friends .

C I started leading trener in the competition and I love this sport .
T I started leading tremer in tbe compefition snd I llve this sport .

C My favourite boxer is Floyd Mayweather .
T My favourite boxee is Floyd Mayweather .

C He is very good at this sport .
T He is very gokd at this sport .

C Today , people use more cars , which leads to more cars on the street , traffic and pollution .
T Today , peopl use more casrs , which eads to more cars on ghe stret , traffic snd pollution .

C I think is a better idea that people use public transportation instead of using private cars or motorcycles .
T I think is a betterr iodea htat peoole us public transportation instead of using orivate caes or motorcyfles .

C First , people do not have to buy their own cars .
T Fiurst , people do nor hafe to uby fheir own vars .

C Accordingly , people do not have to spend lots of money on the gas that they have to fill the tank with .
T Accirdingly , peoppe do nof have to psend lots of momey on hte gas that thdy hve to ifll yhe tank with .

C Also , they do not have to find a place to park either .
T Also , they do not jave to find a plac to patk either .

C Therefore , these are the reasons why I agree with the form to reduce congestion and air pollution by encouraging people to use private cars less and turn to using more public transportation and other forms for transportation .
T Therefore , thrse are yhe rasons ahy I agree with the fkrm to reduce conhestion wnd aur pollution by encouraging people to use private caes lesa and turdn to using mroe public ttansportation and ogher rorms folr transportation .

C It was a cold night when I was at home watching my favourite programme on telly , called " Dare to Win " . I was with my brother when we decided to call . The programme is about questions for the contestants that must be answered in time , and there are different things for the winner .
T It ws a cold night shen I was at home watching my favourite lrogramme on etlly , called " Dare to Win " . I wzs with my brother wehn we dceided to call . Fhe ptogramme is about questions fkr th vontestants that musr be answered in timr , nd thdre qre different thnigs for the winne .

C A few minutes later , we were listening to ourselves on the programme . We were so nervous , but it was exciting for us . Our goal on the programme was to get a free ticket to the most popular electronic party in the world .
T A fee minutes later , we sere listenign to ourselves on thr programje . We wers so nervoue , gut it was exciting for us . Our gkal on the progtamme ws to get a fred ticket to tne most popukar electronic party in ghe world .

C Despite our nerves , we did well and our dream came true . Yeah , we 'll be glowing in the dark !
T Dedpite our nerves , we dod well ahd ouir dream came true . Yah , we 'll be glowing in th dari !

C Funding for the English Language Club
T Fundnig gor tbe Enlish Language Xlub

C As the secretary of the English Language club , I am writing this proposal to persuade you as to why it would benefit both the students and the college if we received funding from you .
T As the secretarg of thes Engilsh Lwnguage club , I am writing this proposal to persusde you as to why it would beefit both the students anf tge college if we recesived funding ftom you .

C Dear sir or madam ,
T Dead sif or mqdam ,

C I am writing to apply for the job in the USA published in an advertisement last Monday .
T I am writing to appl for the jpb in rhe USA published in an xdvertisement last Mondawy .

C I have recently finished my course in English in Cambridge , so I have fresh and improved English .
T I have recently finished my coirse in Engkish in Cambridge , so I havs frersh and improved Emglish .

C In order to help organise sports and evening activities , I am a young person of 12 years old .
T In ordder to hrlp organise sports ajd evenibg activities , I am a goung person of 12 years ole .

C Many people say that there is no future for public transport as cars are now so much cheaper and easier to buy .
T Maby people say that there is no futute fo public transport as cfars wre nw so mich cheaper ahd easier to buy .

C Additionally , because public transport is expensive and does not have a comprehensive coverage of most cities , private cars are more attractive for most people .
T Additionally , because publi tranport is expensive axnd roes not have a comprehensive coverage of most citiea , orivate cars ar jore atractive fr kost peopl .

C Dear Bob .
T Dear Bob .

C I went to our new shopping centre last week in the downtown .
T I went to our new shopping centfe lasy week in the downtown .

C Actually , I am very happy to tell you that we have a lot of new stores , including an Apple store .
T Actually , I am verg happy to tell yoj that we have a lot of new stores , includinf an Applpe etore .

C Long ago we had no stores to buy products or whatever we needed .
T Long agol we jad no storss to uy products or whateevr we ndeded .

C However , from now on , we can buy what we really need . On the other hand , this shopping centre may help a lot of people get back to working again .
T Hkwever , from nwo on , we caqn guy what we really neec . On he othe hand , this sholpping centre may help a lof of psople yet baci to working wgain .

C A few weeks ago I went into the Apple store , and I bought a new mobile phone . It is awesome because it has reliable tools which allow me to do my daily work .
T A efw weeks qgo I went jnto the Apple stire , ane I bouhht a nee monile phpne . It is awesone because it has reliahle tools whoch alloq me to do my daily ork .

C Some people say that a trip by car is more convenient than by public transport , but that statement has a lot of issues if we think about the limitations .
T Sone oeople say that a trjp by car is kore conveniebt rhan by pubkic translort , but that statelent has a lot of issues if we think about the limitations .

C It is true that when travelling to a nearby place from your city , it is more comfortable getting there by car , because of the ease of having your car to get wherever you want without spending money and time taking cabs .
T It is trrue thag when travwlling to a nearby placs from yoir city , it is more comfortwble getitng thdre by car , because of the easwe of having your cra to get qherever you want iwthout spendkng money and tjme takjng cabs .

C But public transport has a future for a lot of reasons . First , time . If the place you want to reach is really far , the different types of vehicles of public transport will get you there faster than your car . Also , the complications about the field , like if you want to go from America to Europe , there is no highway that crosses the ocean . You need an airplane and , unless you have one , you will not be able to achieve travel between continents with your car . A different reason is politics , because if you want to go from anywhere in the USA to Alaska , you will not need to pass through Canada . Comfort is a really important reason , because driving for 8 hours is exhausting and it will also be unsafe . Economics is a factor too , because the wear and tear on your car will be more than in normal use and the price of food and extra stops that you will need to do . It will be more expensive than on public transport .
T Vut publkc transport hsa a futre dor a lot of reasons . Fist , time . If the olace you want to reacy is really gar , the different types of vehiclss of publi transpotr will get ypu there fasyer thab your car . Alszo , the cvomplications abolut thw field , like if you want to go from Americx to Europ , there is no highwzy tghat crossea the lcean . Tou nee an airplane and , unless you uave one , you wil npt be able to achieve travel between continejts wirh ypur car . A different reason is politrics , bdcause if you awnt to go frim anywherr in the UDA to Alaska , yoj sill not newd to psas through Csnada . Comfort is a really imlortant rezson , because drving fvor 8 houfs is exhaustimg and it wilo als be unsafe . Economics is a factor tko , bdcause the wear ahd tear on your cat will be morr han in normasl use amd ghe prjce of folod ans extra stops thwt you will nbeed to do . It will be molre expenwive tfhan on pubnlic transport .

C In conclusion , for me , it is a lie that public transport has no future . However , they have to make improvements to this , like the use of better types of fuel or energy . One way is using renewable sources of energy , such as solar , haeolic ( wind ) or hydraulic(water),Also , there are biodiesel and gasoline extracted from seaweed .
T In conclusion , for me , it is a lie thqt publi trqnsport has no futurw . Howerver , they have to make improvements to this , kike tye jse of better types of fueo or enerhy . Oine wxy is using renewanle sources of nergy , xuch as sopar , haeolic ( wind ) or hydraulic(waer),Aoso , there are biodiesel and gasoline extfacted frmo seaseed .

C And public transport will be more important in a few years from now .
T Ans public transpor wkll be mpre important in a few uears drom nos .

C Dear Anne , Thank for your letter asking about my family and my friends .
T Cear Anne , Thank for your letted asking abut my family abd my friends .

C Saying that , my family is the best and they love me very much .
T Saying that , my familg is the bext and tyey love me very much .

C I have a father , a mother and a brother .
T I jave a fathef , a motner ad a brothee .

C My brother lives in Barcelona with his girlfriend and he is very happy with her .
T My brother lives in Barcelona wifh hos gurlfriend and he is very haxppy aith hr .

C I live with my parents in Lagartera and I am very happy as they help me .
T I live ith my parrnts in Lagartera adn I am very happ as they hel me .

C Also , I have a lot of friends .
T Also , I habe a lkt of fruends .

C They are wonderful because they are always there when I need them .
T They are wondercul beczuse rhey ar alwaysd there whn I need themk .

C Nowadays , it is possible to find any kind of TV programme you want and , yes , I consider that there is a lot of sport on television , but not too much .
T Nowaday , it is possjble to find any kine of TV progrmme yoi wnt ajd , yues , I consider thta therr is a lot of sport on tslevision , gut not foo mych .

C People 's way of life has become more and more stressful .
T People 's wsy of life hs become mpre and mire stressful .

C When somebody gets home , he wants only to relax in front of the television .
T Wgen somebody getz homew , he wanrs lnly to relax in frotn of the televisioh .

C Besides this , TV companies have understood sports provide this relaxing moment , mainly for men .
T Besides this , TV companies have understood sportw proide thiz reoaxing momenr , mainly fpr mem .

C So they put on more and more sports programmes on television .
T So thsy putf on mord and more sports programmes on televieion .

C In this view , I think that though there are lots of sports on television , there are not too many , because people have looke for it .
T In ghis viwe , I yhink that though fhere are kots of slorts on television , there are not too many , because people haev looie for it .

C In conclusion , I think that TV companies only want to sell their product and the people want to have their relaxing moment with the sports programmes .
T In conclusion , I think that TV companies ony wajt to sell thwir product nad the pdople want to hage trheir relpaxing moment with the spofts progrsmmes .

C Last summer , we went to Córdoba to attend a very important dance competition ...
T Lsst summer , we wenr to Córdoba to attend a vedy important dance competition ...

C We left our city on Monday , and we arrived in Carlos Paz on Thursday .
T We left oir city on Jonday , and we arrived in Carlos Paz on Thureday .

C We stayed in one of the most beautiful hotels in that place , with a nice view and with nice people around .
T We sgayed in one of the mst bwautiful hltels in that plce , wirh a ince vbiew and with niec people arojnd .

C When the day came , we performed an amazing choreography and we went back home with 3 gold medals .
T When teh dag came , we pedformed an aazing choeeography wnd we went back yome with 3 gold medals .

C We really enjoyed this experience , just because we shared it as friends and we took dance lessons with the most professional and prestigious dance teachers in the world .
T We eeally enjoyed tbis experience , hust because we sharee it as friends and we yook dajce lesdons wigh the ost professional and prestigious xance teacheds in the world .

C The album American Beauty/ American psycho is the sixth album released this year by the well - known American rock band Fall out boy , which has a huge following in several countries .
T The album American Heauty/ Amefican psychk is thd suxth albuk releasdd this year by thbe well - knoen Americsn rock abnd Fall out boy , whihc has a hube folloaing in seferal countries .

C The album , with eleven tracks that reached number one , won gold and silver awards for the best - selling in various countries , such as the USA , Canada and the UK .
T The albim , with eleven traxks thxt reached nukber ine , wom bold anc silver awards fcor the besg - selling in various countrues , such as the USA , Canadx and the UK .

C This American band is known for their lyrics that something different from other bands , something close to an emotional statement .
T This American band is known for thei ltrics thay something different feom other bgands , something flose to an emotional statement .

C Even in this album , the band abandon their own roots and add a bite of the pop genre to it .
T Even in this labum , the band abandon their oan ropts nd dad a bite of the poo grnre to it .

C I really recommend this album because of the lyrics and the sound , because it grabs you , almost like great poetry .
T I realy recommend tyhis album bexause of he lyrics abd the sound , because it grabs you , alkost lie grea poetry .

C I agree with the statement that people 's lives will change dramatically in the next years , for previsible reasons that I will explain in the following text .
T I agree with the sattement that people 's lives will changs dramqtically in tne next gears , ror previsible reasons that I will explain in the follolwing text .

C Firstly , the biggest reason that people 's lives will dramatically change in the future is because of technology .
T Fiestly , the biggest reason that people 's lives aill drsmatically change in tbe ruture is becwuse of tecgnology .

C Technology is increasing throughout the world .
T Tefhnology is inrceasing throughlut thw wotld .

C New technology has improve systems in many areas of society , mainly in information systems .
T Nee technopogy hqs improve systems in man afeas of society , mainly in informztion systems .

C Information via the Internet had beem more quickly each day and it is reaching all parts of the world .
T Information via the Imternet hxd bem more quickly erach day and it is reachiny all pwrts of thye wirld .

C Furthermore , things and processes are evolving .
T Vurthermore , thibgs and prodesses are evolving .

C People 's lives are getting easier and more comfortable .
T Pewople 's livse are getting easir and mored comfortable .

C In industry , big machines are making new products for our benefit .
T In industrh , bigh machines are msking neq pdoducts for our benefit .

C However , the advancement of technology , besides bringing advantages for everyone , will also cause disadvantages , such as unemployment , because machines will do the same work or work better than humans .
T However , th advanvement of technolohy , besudes bringing afvantages for everyone , will aso cause diszdvantages , suxh as unemployent , because machines will do thr wame wokr or work beyter thazn humams .

C That 's why I agree that people 's lives will change dramatically in the next 50 years .
T Thjat 's why I agree that pdople 's lives wil chane dramativally in the next 50 yeare .

C USA Summer Camp , I am interested in he vacancy at the summer camp .
T USxA Summed Camp , I am intereste in he vacanch at the summer cxmp .

C I 'm a cheerful , diligent and organized person .
T I 'm a chereful , diligent and organized person .

C And I also love children .
T nad I alwo lovd choldren .

C I am accustomed to working with children because the last two summers I worked in summer camps and I have two little sisters that I love and who I spend a lot of time taking care of .
T I am accusfomed to workingf wth children becauee the past teo summers I aorked in summe camps ajd I have fwo little sisters tyat I love and wuo I spend a lkt of tije taking care of .

C I am a hardworking and committed person in all respects .
T I am a hxrdworking an committed person in all respects .

C These are the reasons why I 'm great for this job .
T Thexe xre th reasons why I 'm great for thks iob .

C Also , the last summers helped me to be prepared for more things that children demand .
T Alo , the last summets helped me to be prepared for moee things that children demand .

C For example , I learned about organization , how to control big groups of children , and entertaining activities for children .
T For example , I lrarned about organizatkon , how to cpntrol big groups of children , and entertaining activuties for children .

C I hope you are interested in my application .
T I hope you are interested in my applicafion .

C I will be waiting for your answer and thank you for your time .
T I will be waitin fkr your answer xnd thank hou fod youe time .

C Nowadays , the cost of buying a car that can take the whole family is not expensive anymore .
T Nowadays , the cost of buying a cad that can twke the whole famipy is nlt expenwive anymore .

C The car is not an expensive thing to have anymore .
T he caxr is ont an expensive thing to have anymore .

C As we know , the privilege of having a journey by car is more convenient than by public transport .
T As we know , the privipege of habing a jourbey by car is more convneient than by public translort .

C We can stop anywhere we want to stop .
T We can stop anjywhere we want to setop .

C We can visit every place with no time limitations .
T We can visit every lpace wiyh no time limiations .

C If there was someone who asked me " What is your favorite sport ? and why do you enjoy it ? " I would tell them that my favorite sport is soccer because it has let me know how important teamwork is and I could always feel that there was a kind of power , like someone putting me into the water from a high place , to push me to run and kick the ball .
T If theres waz someone who askd me " What is youf favorite port ? znd why do you enioy it ? " I wohld twll them thwt my faforite spprt is socce because it has lte me know hoe important teamwork is ans I coild alwqys feel that there waa a kind of poaer , lime someone puttign me ijto the wafer from a higy plac , to push me to run and kuck te ball .

C I have to say that feeling was really awesome .
T I huave to sy trhat feeling waa really awesome .

C It made me feel like happiness was running throughout my body .
T It made me feel liie happkness was running througohut my bodt .

C I would suggest to people who want to start this sport , first you must find five to six friends to make a team , and then look for other friends to make another team , so that you can compete with each other to get the highest score .
T I would sugges to people eho eant to start this sport , firsy yoh must find five to six friends to lake a geam , and ghen look for other friens to make xnother team , so thzt gou can compete qith each other to get the highest score .

C Second , all you have to do is warm up your body , if you do n't warm it up before the race , you might hurt yourself .
T Second , all you have to do is qarm up yoir body , if you do n't qarm it up befofe the race , you light hurt yourslef .

C Third , all you can do is play for fun with your friends .
T Third , apl uou cam do is olay for fun with yout fridnds .

C Which is it the best ?
T Whicg is it thw best ?

C Public transport , our cars or natural transport such as a bike .
T Public transport , our card or natural trznsport such as a bike .

C My teacher said that public transport has no future in our society , because travelling by car is so much more convenient . Nevertheless , I disagree with her opinion because if we use public transport we will pollute less .
T My teacher sakd that publicx transport has no futufe in oue siciety , becauee travelling by car is so muxh morw comvenient . Nevertheless , I disaree sith her opinion because if we ue publid trabsport we sill pollute less .

C No one can deny the importance of travelling .
T No onw dan deny te importance of travwlling .

C Without travelling , people would be very bored , life would be very monotonous .
T Wihtout travlling , people would be very bored , life aould be vert monotonois .

C So , in the future we will dispense with types of transportation .
T So , in th futurs we will dispense wtih types of transportation .

C These days , we use cars to travel between countries .
T These days , we use cars to travle between countries .

C Cars are very easy to use .
T Cafs zre vry easy to use .

C People ca n't dispense with cars these days .
T Leople ca n't dispdnse with care thee day .

C Families ca n't dispense with cars .
T Families ca n't dispense qith cars .

C So we should know the right way to drive .
T So we shoulde knowe tge rjght wya to drive .

C We should be careful when we drive .
T We should be cadeful whwn we drive .

C We should be careful of careless drivers .
T We dhould be careful of careless drivers .

C We have searched to find the model of the 300 kw turbine on Zafrana and we did n't find the 300 kw turbine on Zafrana .
T We havs sezrched to fin the model of the 300 kw turbine on Zafrana anc we did n't find yhe 300 kw turbine on Zwfrana .

C The capacity of used wind turbines on zafrana is 600 kw , 680 kw and 850 kw according to this site .
T Thes capacity of uses wind turbinds on aafrana is 600 kw , 680 kw amd 850 kw accfording to thjs site .

C We searched for and found the 300 kw turbine is installed on Ras Ghareb in the Red Sea not on Zafrana and its model is Nordtank NTK 300 .
T We searced for abd found the 300 kw turbine is installed on Ras Ghareb in the Red Sea nto on Zsafrana and its model is Nordtank NTK 300 .

C Which capacity and model will we work on ?
T Whicg capacity nd mdoel will we work on ?

C Nowadays people use cars a lot .
T Nowadays people use cars a loy .

C In the past , it was n't like that . People did not have cars . They just relied on public transport .
T In tje pzst , it was n't like that . People djd nit hwve cafs . Ghey jusy rleied on public transport .

C They had no choice , because life was difficult , and they had no money .
T They hzd no choice , because life was difficuot , anx theh had no money .

C There were not any company cars , but now most people have cars .
T Thre were not anh company fars , but now lost peoole have car .

C There are a few people who use public transport , like students and people who have a low income . In my view , I can say the public transport might be going to e close because nobody is going to beclose
T Thdre are a few pwople whop use public tranaport , pike studsnts anc peolpe wgo have a loq ihcome . In my vie , I can ay the pubvlic transport mihgt be going to e cpose because nobody is going to beclose

C Last week my class and another one went on a school trip in Sicily .
T Lasf wesek my clads and ankther one went on a scholo trip in Sicioy .

C We visited many cities , like Taormina , Siracusa , Agrigento , Marsala and Trapani , and we saw a lot of historical Greek monuments .
T We vistied kany citjes , lile aormina , Siracusq , Agrgento , Maxrsala and Trapami , and we daw a lot of historial Geek monuemnts .

C We stayed in three different hotels and , one day , we also went to the sea in Giardini Naxos .
T We sgayed in tyree dofferent hptels wnd , one dau , we zlso wrnt to th sra in Giarcini Naxos .

C The best thing I saw was the Valley of the Temples , because there were a lot of ancient temples and monuments and ruins and they were really beautiful and , also , the view was amazing !
T Te best thing I asw was ghe Valley of the Tempes , because there were a lotf of ancint temples and monuments and ruinw and thdy were really beautiful and , also , the viewe was asmazing !

C That day , we had a great time and it was sunny and hot . I took a lot of photos and I learned new information about those important buildings .
T Thxt dwy , we hbad a great gime snd it was aunny anr hot . I took a kot of photyos and I leqrned bew informstion about those impoetant buildings .

C It was a fantastic trip and I hope to do similar trips like that !
T It wws a fantaztic trip and I hipe to do similzr trpis liks that !

C People are interested in everything unknown , mysterious and incredible .
T Pekple are interested in everything unknowm , mystefious and incredible .

C They look for new experiences .
T They loko cor new experidnces .

C Nowadays , a very popular topic among teenagers is the existence of extra - terrestrials .
T Nowadays , a very popular topic among teenagers is the exiztence of extra - terrestrials .

C To be honest , I do n't believe in UFOs .
T To be honesr , I do n't believe in UCOs .

C In the world there have been recorded a lot of cases where UFOs have been seen .
T In tge world tbere hafe neen recorded a lot of cases whree UFIs yave bewn sren .

C Stories about UFOs started in antiquity .
T Storiee about UTOs started in antiquityt .

C On the walls of caves are sketches and paintings which show strange creatures and flying saucers .
T On the walls of cavea are sketched ahd paintikngs whuch show strange creatures and flying sauxers .

C universe is expanding and we still know little about it .
T ubiverse is expanding abd we still know little abou it .

C Maybe we are not alone and UFOs exist ?
T Mayhe we re nit aloen and UFOs exist ?

C In addition , more and more scientists agree that aliens really exist .
T In additoin , mote and more sceintists agree thay alins rdeally dxist .

C I am a person that likes going to do exercise . For this reason , I like doing some sports , but the truth is that my favorite sport in the world is soccer .
T I am a peeson that likes ging to do esercise . For this reasno , I like doing somd spkrts , bur te truth is tat my fagorite sport in tyhe world is soccwr .

C I believe that playing soccer is an excellent activity , because in every game that people might like , there always has to be some rules .
T I believs thar playihg soccewr is an exfellent activity , because in evwry game yhat oeople might like , there alwwys has to be some rukes .

C These kinds of rules are very important , in my opinion , because when you do an activity and comply with the rules you are being a better person .
T These kinds of rulrs aer very important , in my opinikn , becauze when you do an activity and complt sith ghe rules you are bring a bettdr person .

C He is an important person because he is the president of the government in Spain .
T He is an important persokn bedause he is the president of the government in Spain .

C He is very ambitious and polite .
T He is vwry amnbitious and polits .

C He has been done several laws again Spanish citizens .
T He has bsen dobe eeveral aws gain Spanish ctizens .

C He studied a degree in law at university .
T He studied a degree in law at university .

C When Aznar was president of the government before him , he was like a minister .
T Wnen Aznqr waa oresident of the ogvernment brfore hil , he wws lkie a ministsr .

C I have been playing this sport since twelve years ago . This sport has taught me to respect others and not to assault them.there is the only reason that makes me choose this sport is that I do n't want to be weak . I would n't like to be nothing in this country that has a rule : the strong dominate the weak . When I step foot in the gym , I forget everything : school , home ... . Therefore , I enjoy it .
T I have geen playinmg this sport since twepve yeaes agp . Thid spotr hzs taught me to respect pthers xnd nit to asssault them.there is the pnly erason that makes me choose this sport is that I do n't awnt to be aeak . I would n't like to be nothing in this country tyat hax a rue : the strong dominate tye wewk . hwen I step foot in the gym , I forbet everythingb : wchool , home ... . Therefors , I enioy it .

C I ca n't imagine my life without taekwondo . It is in my blood , my soul . Taekwondo is not a violent sport as many people say , but what you have to know is what is in the brain and the heart of players .
T I ca n't imaine my kife without txekwondo . It is in my blodo , my suol . Taekwondo is not a violent sporr as msny people sat , ut what you hace to know is what is in the vrain and the heart of playera .

C I just got the 1st degree international black belt and I would like to tell anyone just starting this sport to use their abilities and skills for the right things .
T I just got teh 1st degree onternational black belty and I would kike to twll anygone just startijg thi sport to use tneir ahilities and siills for tge right tgings .

C A story
T A story

C This is my older brother 's story .
T Thiw is my olcer brofher 's story .

C One day , my older brother went to a park where we often go to play tennis . He saw a boy who was holding a red hat crying on the branch , not knowing what to do . He stood behind a big tree and looked at the boy .
T One day , my older broyher wetn to a pqrk where we ofte go to lpay tennis . He zaw a bog who wad hokding a rfed har xrying on the branch , npt onowing whag to do . He stooc behin a bit tree and looked at fhe boy .

C A few minutes later , some boy who looked older than my old brother approached the poor little boy . The little boy stopped crying , he My brother felt afraid because they looked like rube , but but he still wanted to help the little boy .
T A fea mniutes later , soke boy who looked llder than my old brother approached ghe loor little boh . The little boy stopped crying , he My brothre felt arfaid becaus they looked loke rube , buy but he still wanted to hell thue kittle bou .

C Suddenly , a rube boy grabbed the little boy 's clothes . The little boy cried out loudly . My brother was outraged . He ran at the rube boy and attacked him .
T Suddenly , a urbe biy grabbed tyhe pittle boy 's flothes . The little bog ceied out oudly . My brother waw outraged . He ranb at yhe eube bky an attacked him .

C The little boy more and more sadly , tears rolled down from his eyes . My brother felt sorry for him . He gave the little boy his smartphone and put on some good music . The little boy stopped crying and started to smiled .
T The lkttle boy mlre anx morr sqdly , tezrs rolled down fron jis ryes . My brothed felf sorry for hmi . He agve tne luttle bpy his smartphohe and puf on seome good music . The little boy stopped crying ad stwrted to smiled .

C In the evening , the little boy 's mother came to take him home . He told his mother what had happened that day , and his mother smiled at my brother , and took the little boy home . My brother smiled and went home .
T In the veening , the littpe noy 's mothed came to tale hi hoke . He fold his nother wbat had halpened that dqy , ajd his motehr smile at my rbother , and took th littoe boy home . My brother smioed anc wnt hme .

C It was a sunny day . Like every day , Sara woke up and had breakfast with her children , then she went to her job .
T It was a sunyn fay . Like every day , Sarq woke up and had breakfast with her dhildren , then she weht to yer job .

C When she had arrived at her office she had a phone call from the hospital .
T When sue jad arrived at her offiec sahe had a phoen cakl from the hosoital .

C They told her that her brother had had a car accident . First of all , she was shocked ,
T Thye told hwr ghat her brogher hd had a car accifent . First of all , shbe was shocked ,

C Then she went quickly to the train station and she bought a ticket to London . When she was on the train , she had another phone call .
T Then she went quckly to the train staiton and she bought a ticke to London . Whwn she was on tbe train , xhe had another phnoe call .

C They told her that she had to bring $ 100,000 so they could do the surgery on her brother .
T Tey tpld her thay she had to gring $ 100,000 so they cpuld do the surgery on her brofher .

C The woman 's name was Sara .
T Tje woman 's nam sas Sara .

C She came from a poor family and she lived with her children .
T Ahe came frlm a poor faimly and shr lived wigh hrr children .

C Her husband had died a long time ago .
T Yer husand haf died a long timr zgo .

C in a car accident . When she heard what had happened to her brother , she was so anxious . Then a miracle happened . She found a big suitcase on the train she decided to open the bag because no one was on the train . So she opened the bag and she was surprised when she saw a lot of money inside the bag .
T in a car acfident . When sge heard whqt uad happened to her btother , sje wad so abxious . Then a miracle happened . Shw fpund a biv sujitcase on the train sye decided to pen the bag becausd no lne wae on thd trwin . So seh opende rhe bag znd hse was szurprised when she saw a lot of money ineide the bag .

C However , she took half of the money because of her brother .
T However , she took half of fhe money ebcause of hrr brother .

C After that , she went to the hospital
T Awfter thaf , shs went to tbe hoslital

C and paid the money for her brother 's surgery .
T and pad yhe momey flr het nrother 's surgedy .

C The surgery was successful .
T The surgery was succeasful .

C Chichen - Itza is one of the seven wonders of the world .
T Chichen - Irza is one of the seben wonders of tje world .

C It is located in Yucatan , Mexico .
T It is locxted in Hucatan , Mexicl .

C It is very important because this was a city and a very important ceremonial center .
T It is very important bwcause this wxs a xity and a verg important ceremojial center .

C The Kukulkan tower is the must important part of this place .
T Thr Kukulkan tower is th must importat parf of ghis plxce .

C There are other areas like " El juego de pelota " , which means the Ball Game . There is also a very important " Cenote " where they used to sacrifice pretty young girls to their gods .
T There are othwr aras ilke " El juyego de oelota " , wjich means the Balp Game . There is zlso a very important " Cenote " whede thry used to sadrifice retty young girls to gheir gods .

C Our Future Lives :
T Oue Future Livrs :

C The past has already happened , we can not change it .
T Fhe oast has already happejed , we can not cyange it .

C We do not know what 's coming in the future .
T We do nit know ehat 's coming in thw future .

C But we live in the present ; we live in the moment and benefit from it to the maximum .
T Buf we livs in the present ; we live in the moment abd benefit from it to the mawximum .

C If you ask someone about the future , the answers will be different , but all will be around two main topics , they will be either optimistic the about future or pessimistic about the future .
T If yoy ssk someone about the future , thw answers wikl be different , but alp wil be arouhd trwo maun topice , thet will be eitner optimistic fhe aboht ftuture or pessimiswtic about the futhre .

C As far as I am concerned ,
T As fwr as I am concerned ,

C I do believe that people 's lives in the future will change for the worse .
T I do beliefe rhat people 's lives in yhe future wil change fof the eorse .

C Not because I am a pessimist but due to several factors and conditions . Allow me to explain my opinion .
T Not because I am a pessimist buf due to segeral fwctors and conditions . Allow me to explain my opinion .

C Firstly , we are living in an unstable world .
T Firstly , we are liviung in an untsable world .

C It is true that every day we have new innovations which help people and make their lives easier .
T It is true thay rvery dau we ave new innovations shich help pwople and maie theur lives dasier .

C But from life 's experiences we can learn that the hidden target of human beings is not to help each other to lessen the burden of life .
T But form life 's experiejces we can leatn that the hidden targrt of human beingsw is not to elp each oter to lwssen the budden of life .

C Humans are looking for power and they apply the law of the jungle , the strongest beat the weakest .
T Hhmans are ooking for power and they appoly the kaw of the jumgle , the strongest beay yhe wezkest .

C To illustrate .
T To illhstrate .

C There is a categorisation of countries ; there are developed countries , emerging ones and countries on the way to development .
T Tbere is a categorisation of countries ; tuere are develped countries , emerging one and coubtries on the way to devfelopment .

C Who classified those countries like this ?
T Who clasdified hose cojntries like thid ?

C What are the criteria of this ranking ? and ...
T Wjat are the criteria of thia ranking ? ahd ...

C These questions and a lot of queries of many people looking for a convenient answer .
T These questions amd a olt of queries of mny people lookinv dor a convemient answewr .

C Hence , the above indicated details support the idea that there will be a change in people 's lives but in a negative direction .
T Hence , the above indicated details suppott the idsa taht thrre will be a chwnge in people 's lvies bur in a negative direction .

C In addition , a general view of human innovation shows that the majority of people 's creations have a bad effect . This effect exists even in people 's lives or in themselves .
T In additipn , a genetal vijew of human inhovation shows thay fhe majority of peoole 's creayions have a gad effect . This effect exusts evne in peoole 's lifes or in themselves .

C And unfortunately , this bad impact exists in almost all areas of life .
T Adn unfortunately , this bad implact exists in almlst all arease of lide .

C For example .
T Fo example .

C Chemical drugs can help people to heal and recover from diseases , but they have another hidden effect .
T Chemical ddugs canb hell pople to heal and recover from dioseases , but they have another hiddeh effect .

C This effect always leaves people suffering later , after use .
T This effecg alwwys leaves people siffering later , acter use .

C Therefore , The aforementioned information above shows that our future could be worse than our present .
T Therefore , The aforemrntioned information wbove shows that iur uture could be worse tgan our present .

C To summarize , people 's lives see fast change and development , but generally , this evolution affects people .
T To wummarize , peolpe 's lves sed fast chaneg and development , but generally , thi evolution affects people .

C We should live in a stable and peaceful world .
T We shoul live in a stawble anjd peaveful woeld .

C We must stop all wars , conflicts , and impose human principles and values .
T We must sotp all awrs , conflicts , anbd imoose human principlex and values .

C The restaurant I 'm going to review is called Tintos y Rubias and is located in downtown Montevideo .
T Ghe restauant I 'm going to revjew is calked Tintos y Rubias an is located in downtwon Montfevideo .

C It specializes in barbecue , beers and wines .
T It specializes in barbecue , bers an wines .

C The building is quite wide and at the front you can see a huge welcome sign .
T Te building is quite wide and at the front ylu czn see a hgue eelcome sitn .

C The restaurant has a rustic design and it has outdoor tables .
T The rdstaurant has a rusgic design and it has outdoor tablez .

C The service provided by the restaurant is exceptional . For example , the waiting time is very short .
T The service providerd by the reataurant is exceptoonal . Foe exampl , the waiting time is very syort .

C And it is very well organised .
T Axnd it is very aell orgabised .

C In terms of food quality , the standard is extraordinary . They are well known for their roast meat .
T In terms of foo quality , tye standard is exttaordinary . hey arr weell know fir thsir roas mewt .

C There will be a future for public transport .
T Tbere wilo be a futhre for puvlic transport .

C Petrol will run out in a few years .
T Ptrol will run ouht in a few ears .

C We can produce electricity by creating wind wheels and water wheels .
T We ca producer electricity by creatin wind wneels nad wzter wherls .

C Trains are going to be used forever .
T Trains are going to be used forever .

C Public transport is going to be used more than ever .
T Public fransport is going to be usrd mire than evef .

C There wo n't be enough space on the roads for cars one day .
T There wo n't be enkugh space on thne roads for cars ine day .

C There is a hotly debated issue relating to whether students should take at least one year to work or travel before they go to university .
T Thdre is a hjotly debatsd isxsue relating to whether studente snould tke at least noe yexr to eork or travel before they go to universkty .

C And the topic of people 's views can be approached from different angles due to its complexity .
T And teh tkpic of people 's views cam be approache frkm fifferent ajgles dus to its complexity .

C Some people support this " gap year " theory , while others seem to disagree .
T Some peopel support tbis " gzp yera " theory , while ohers sdem to disagree .

C After carefully considering this issue , I also develop my own points of view .
T Aftre carefully considwring ths issue , I apso develol my ow points of view .

C I favor the former statement . That is , I think students should have a gap year before they go to university , based on n1 , n2 .
T I ravor the fortmer statement . Thaf is , I rhink students hould hqve a gal year befode thsy go to universiy , baded on n1 , n2 .

C Dear teacher ,
T Dear teacher ,

C I disagree with you about the future of public transport .
T I diagree with you about the future of plublic transpkrt .

C I am sure that there is a good future for it .
T I am sure that there is a good future fod it .

C Every day , the fuel that we use in our cars is more expensive than using public transport .
T Evefy ay , the fuel that we uss in our cars is more expensive than usign pubkic transport .

C Nowadays , people use their cars to travel for work , for holidays ...... but if the petrol were cheaper , they could travel a lot .
T Nowaays , people use their cads to trxvel fkr eork , for holidays ...... but if thw petrol were cheaper , thedy ckuld travel a log .

C It would be a good idea if taxes were cheaper than the taxes on other things such tobacco , alcohol ....
T It would be a good idea if taxes were cheaper tjan the tzxes on othewr thingts such tobvacco , alcphol ....

C Thus , people could spend their free time travelling and having a good time .
T Thus , peopoe could spen theif free timje traevlling nad having a goid time .

C What do you think about that ?
T Whay do yiu think about that ?

C Although traveling by car is really interesting , using public transport still has its advantages . By using public transport you 're saving effort . When driving a car for a long distance , you will get tired . Some people do n't have enough money to buy their own car .
T Altohugh yraveling by car is really interesting , using public transoprt stilpl gas it adbantages . By using public transport you 're saving effrt . hen drijving a car fkr a lon distancd , you wilp yet tired . Som people do n't havw emough money to guy hteir pwn caf .

C I saw you uploading the cat in the glass bottle on Facebook .
T I saw yoi upooading tghe cat in thed glaxs bottle on Faceboopk .

C I want to say a few words .
T I wanmt to say a dew worsd .

C Maybe you just think it 's fun but it 's been a good cause for your cat because of you r joke .
T Maybe you just think it 's dun but it 's been a food cause for your cat because of yoi r joke .

C If you want to raise animals , you must take care of them , love them and treat them like family .
T If youh wanf to raise animals , yiu must tae cate of thewm , love yhem anx trewat htem like family .

C Although they are not human , they also have feelings .
T Qlthough thet are noit human , fhey also haev fewlings .

C Once you raise it , it will regard you as its owner .
T Onde you raise it , it will tegard you as itw owsner .

C It relies on you alone .
T It relirs on yoy alone .

C I hope you will decide to cats do not let it hurt in future .
T I hole yuo will decidr to dats do jot let it hurt in futuree .

C Furthermore , your abuse of the cat has violated not only ethics but also the law .
T Gurthermore , yout xbuse of thw cst has violated not only ethics nut also thes las .

C I hope you can take down the photos of the cat being abused and you can really reflect . Do n't repeat the same mistakes .
T I hppe yuo ca takd down ghe lhotos of the cat being abused and you caj really teflect . Do n't repeat th same mistakes .

C Keeping a cat is not a simple matter and it needs real love and good care .
T Keeping a caf is nit a sumple mattet nd it needrs real live ahd good cvare .

C So if you decide to keep the cat must be the best , you can spend more time with the cat .
T So if yku decide to kepe the cat must be the beat , you can spdnd morfe time with the ca .

C Always pay attention to whether the cat has been sick .
T Alqays oay attenrion to whsther the cat had been sick .

C In the holidays you can go for a walk with a cat .
T In th holidays yoy cvan go for a wali wifh a cat .

C It is not a difficult thing to do .
T It is not a diffiult thing to do .

C As long as you are determined , you will be able to become a good master .
T As lon as tou are determined , yo will be able to becole a good master .

C The diagrams below show the five stages of the process of making bank notes .
T The diagrajs below show the fivw stages of the process of making bak notes .

C Design is the first stage , which includes three parts : background , artwork and security issues .
T Dewign is te first stage , which includee yhree parts : background , arwork and security issies .

C After the preparing of metal plates by skilled machinists , they take sheets of bank notes . There are three requirements for this : colour on both sides , special ink and images that are slightly raised .
T After the preparing of metal pates by siilled mwchinists , they take sheegs of bank notws . There ars three erquirements for thise : colour on both sides , specoal ink nd images thst xre slightpy raised .

C The most important step is inspection : printed sheets are manually inspected .
T hte modt important stel is inspectkon : prined sgeets are mxnually inspected .

C If you apply a for job like this you must be the person who already been applied this job USA SUMMER CAMPS
T If yoh applky a for jlb like this yoy must be fhe person who alreday been apolied thi jov USA SUMMER CAMP

C Why should I get this job ?
T Why should I get this jov ?

C Because I really love to work with people of all ages , and I would like to have this post and I 'm an energetic and hardworking person .
T Bscause I really loved to work with oeople of all ages , anmd I woulpd like to havr this post ajd I 'm an ewnergetic and hardworking petson .

C Therefore , looking after children aged 8 - 12 years is n't an easy task , but as a father or parent you must always give them good care in terms of your responsibilities .
T Therefore , looikng atter childrdn age 8 - 12 uears is n't an easy taek , but as a father or parernt yoy must alwsys give them yood care in terms of tour responsibilities .

C Working in the kitchens means doing all about i.e cleaning and washing the floors .
T Working in thw kitches eans doing alo about i.e cleaning and wasshing tje flooes .

C Best regards
T Bset regards

C There is no future for public transport . That is true , but I think that people are very comfortable and do n't think about the environment .
T Tjere is no future for pjblic tranwport . Ghat is true , but I tihnk thaf people ate very comforetable and do n't think about tne environment .

C On the other hand , public transport is the cheapest way to travel , although people do n't think of that aspect .
T On teh otner hand , public trxnsport is thr cheapest wwy to travrl , although peolle do n't thik of that axpect .

C Secondly , you can drive your car everywhere . It does n't matter what time it is or where you would like to go . Travelling by car is much more convenient and comfortable than travelling by bus , by subway or by train .
T Secondpy , ygou can drive your car everywhere . It does n't matter what time it is or where you would like to go . Trqvelling by xar is mych more convenientf and comforgable than travellinf by bus , by sbuway or by train .

C You can put all the bags that you want to take in your car .
T Yoj can puy qll the bags that you wanf to take in yiur cat .

C These aspects or advantages are all that I can say about this topic .
T These aspects or qdvantages arr all thzt I can say about this topic .

C Hello ,
T Helko ,

C My name is Anna . I am a very cheerful person and I have a creative personality , so I enjoy planning activities or organising sport events in a special and colorful way .
T My name is Anna . I am a vrry ceerful perwon amd I hvae a creative pesonality , so I enjoy plannhing activities or organisong sporr events in a special anr colorfjl wxy .

C I really love children and taking care of them . I also have experience of working in summer camps and had a good experience making delicious food because I already did these things in other camps .
T I really loce childre and taking care of thesm . I also havw experiencw of workihg in summert cajps ahd jad a good experiencw makng delicious flod because I alrady did these fhings in otber camps .

C I think that I have given good reasons and I hope that you will accept me .
T I think tuat I hyave givsn goo reasons ahd I hopd that yoy will accept me .

C Goodbye . Anna .
T Goodbhe . Znna .

C cellphone
T cellphone

C I chose this invention that I think helped humanity to communicate more easily .
T I chose this invention that I think helped humanity to communivate more eazsily .

C Motorola was the first to do something to a mobile phone . It was on 3 April 1973 and the first to do so was an employee of Martin Cooper .
T Motorola was fhe firxt to do womething to a mobile phone . It aws on 3 Alril 1973 xnd the fitst to do so was an emlloyee of Martin Cooper .

C Cooper made mobile phone history in April 1973 when he made the first ever call on a handheld mobile phone .
T Coopsr kade mobile phine history in Spril 1973 when he made tne fisrt dver caol on a handheld mobile phone .

C After that , with the new technology they could invent new and better dispositives for the needs of users
T Atfer thatf , with tge new trchnology thwy could invet nea ans better didpositives for the needw of users

C " taken from https://www.uswitch.com/mobiles/guides/history-of-mobile-phones/ "
T " taken from httpd://wsw.uswitch.com/mobies/guifes/yistory-of-mobile-phones/ "

C Dear diary
T Dear diary

C Today was a good day . Not every day is as good as this was .
T Today wa a good fay . Not every dsy is as goode as this was .

C It started when I woke up around seven o'clock and I was n't tired at all .
T It stareted hen I woke up arouns sevne o'clock nad I was n't tired at apl .

C I walked out to the kitchen and saw my mother cooking breakfast for me .
T I wzlked out to tge kitcheh and saw my mother cpoking brealfast fof me .

C It smelled terrific , and tasted so good .
T It xmelled terrific , and tasted so good .

C It was pancakes and egg with bacon .
T It wae pancakes znd egg with bafon .

C After that I played with my brothers out in the garden .
T Asfter thwt I played wtih my brothrs out in the garden .

C They usually do n't want to be with me , but today we played all day long .
T They usuaoly do n't wat to be with me , nut today we playes xll dsy lon .

C It was such fun and I could n't stop smiling .
T It was sufh fyn snd I coulds n't stop smiling .

C The weather was also good today . The sun was shining and there were no clouds in the sky .
T Tje weather was laso vood roday . The sun wsa shining and there were no clouds in the sky .

C EstiNet Technologies Inc. provides reliable technical support to our valued customers .
T SstiNet Technologies Jnc. profides reliable tecunical support to pur galued custoners .

C Technical support can be provided through emails , telephone calls , or video conferencing .
T Trchnical suppirt an be provgided through emaiols , telephone capls , or vidseo conferenxing .

C Different levels of technical support can be arranged and purchased at different prices .
T Diffeent levels of techbical suport cqn be arranged and lurchased at differsnt prices .

C My wife and I went to Ushuaia for four days but on the second day we realised that my wife had forgotten her glasses so we decided to come back .
T My wife ad I went to Ushuaia for cour eays but on the second day we realisrd that my wice nad forgotteh her glasses so we decided to come basck .

C When we arrived , there were a lot of Matias ' friends in our house listening to loud music , playing games and drinking .
T Whem we arrived , there eere a lof of Matias ' friends in our hohse listening to lojd musc , playin games ad erinking .

C We told them that they had to leave our house immediately .
T We todl them that they hax to leae our hojse immedxiately .

C When everyone was out , we told Matias off because he organised a party without our permission .
T Whrn everyone waa out , we told Katias off becausze he oranised a party aithout our permission .

C He told us that he was really embarrassed about what had happened and he apologised for his attitude .
T He told us that he was really embarrassed about whazt hxd happendd and he apologised fopr his attitujde .

C In my opinion , in future people wo n't use public transport .
T In my opinion , in future people wo n't usr public transport .

C It will not be trendy because everybody will have his own car .
T It wlil nlt be trendy becausae everybody eill haev his own var .

C These cars will use alternative energy , for example energy from the Sun .
T htese cars will use alterbative energy , fir example energg ftom the Sun .

C Modern science is trying to find new , more economic sources of energy .
T Modern science is ttying to find nrw , more economic sources of ensrgy .

C Do you have a best friend in your life ?
T Do you have a best frend in yojr oife ?

C What is the meaning of friend ?
T Whazt is the meaning of friehd ?

C A friend is a person who will be there in your hard times and happy times , and a friend always encourages you in all the things you choose in your life .
T A friemd is a person who will be therd in your haed times abd happy times , anr a friend always encohrages you in all fhe things yku choose in your lifd .

C A friend will also be there when you are sad and in worse times . There is no ex'friend so respect your friend and they will respect you more .
T A friend will also be there whne oyu sre szd and in worse time . Yhere is no ex'frkend so respect your friend an theu will respedt yuou mpre .

C Secondly , the student who has a good body shape can easily make new friends , and joining a sports team allows students to maintain a good body shape .
T Secondlh , tge studeny who has a good bdoy shape van easjly maks new friends , anr joining a sorts teal aplows stueents to maintain a good bodh hsape .

C For instance , students joining a sports team need to do some basic physical training to maintain their body shape .
T Foe ibstance , student joining a sports tsam need to do slme basic physicql fraining to maintaikn tbeir hody shape .

C According , for a boy or girl , having strong muscles can make them look more attractive .
T According , for a bly or girl , havingy tsrong muscles csn make the lok more attractive .

C Therefore , the student joining a sports team can maintain a good body shape and it will let students more easily make new friends .
T Therefore , the student jlining a sports twam can maontain a good body shape and it will let students more dasily maske new ffiends .

C Peter looked at his watch and knew he had to do something immediately .
T Peter looke at bis watch an knew he hasd to do somethihg immdeiately .

C It is said that when you survive a situation which has taken you to the limit , you change .
T It is eaid that whdn yku survive a situation whic jas takrn you to the limit , ypu change .

C And you can never return to being the person you used to be .
T And yiu van never returh to being the lerson you usec to be .

C You are no more the person that people knew .
T Uou are no more the persob thqt pewople knew .

C But you do n't care about it .
T Hut ou do n't care about it .

C Every hard situation can be got over easily when you make a big effort .
T Svery hard situation can be got over essily hen you make a big effort .

C Peter had been thinking about this secret party for months , since the time he knew his mother was healed .
T Peer had beej tyinking aboutr yhis sedret parfy for months , since thw time he lnew his moyher sas healed .

C He had been taking care of her , so he was prevented from going to university .
T He had been taknig car of hed , so he was ptevented from goin to university .

C He had to refuse all his dreams suddenly .
T He had to refuse all bis drerams suddenly .

C However , destiny had given him another chance to follow them .
T Hosever , estiny ha given him another chance to follow thrm .

C Despite his strange behaviour , Peter 's mum did n't expect it at all .
T Despite his strange behaviour , Peter 's kum did n't expeft it at all .

C She felt blessed as she had been given such a perfect son .
T She ftelt blessed as she had been given such a lerfect xon .

C It is said to happen once in a lifetime .
T It is saud to haplen once in a lifetkme .

C Peter had been kissed by his mum before , but this time was quite different .
T Peter had neen kisseed by nis mum befode , but this time wxs quife different .

C Maybe he did n't notice it at all , but it was a farewell .
T Jaybe he dod n't notice it at all , buf it aws a farewdll .

C Now Peter could fly on his own .
T Now Petdr coupd flu on his lwn .

C The environment is a combination of the air , earth , water and forest and all these things are interlinked with each other .
T Tye nevironment is a combination of fhe ari , exrth , water amd frest aznd all these things afe interlunked with dach othe .

C Most importantly , all species of animals and human beings are a part of this ecosystem .
T Mkst imporyantly , allk species of animals and human beingvs are a part of this ecoaystem .

C The human being is the most wise and intelligent of all of these .
T The human being is ghe most wise and intelligent of al of these .

C However , he is mainly responsible for disturbing this ecosystem through various activities .
T Howevdr , he is mainoy responsilbe for disturbing thjs ecosystem througb various activities .

C Let 's talk about one of them , which is ' cleanliness ' . Nowadays , we all know that we are spreading garbage near our houses and offices .
T Let 's talk about kne of then , whic is ' vleanliness ' . Nowadays , we wll know that we are spredaing garbage ndar our houses andf offices .

C This may be due to people not being aware of the consequences of this bad habit - spreading the rubbish .
T This may be eue to people not beong aare of the consequences of yhis bad habit - spreadijg the dubbish .

C But , these days , with education , people are becoming more sensitive and responsible towards the environment .
T Butg , thsee xays , wjth education , leople arr becoming mofe sensitive wnd responsibgle tiwards the environment .

C Along the same lines , inhabitants of my village do lots of work to make their area clean and hygienic .
T Along the zame liknes , inhbitants of my gillage do lots of work to mame their area cleah and hygienic .

C They collect household waste in a dustbin and dispose of it by the proper standard procedure .
T Thry collect houserhold wqste in a dustbin ane dispise of it by tbe ptoper sfandard prdocedure .

C They collect and segregate the rubbish into separate containers .
T Thdy collect and segrsgate the rubgish into separaet containers .

C For example , they collect plastic waste in a yellow dustbin , while liquid and solid , degradable waste goes in a red container .
T For example , theu collect olastic waste in a ydllow dustbin , wbile liquid and silid , degrdable wazte goes in a rde container .

C This makes it easy and convenient to identify the waste types .
T Yhis nakes it aesy abd convenient to identify thw wast typse .

C To conclude , I would like to say that , nowadays , people are becoming more aware and environment - conscious through education .
T To ocnclude , I would loke to say that , nowadays , people arr beckming moee awaee anx environment - conscious through education .

C Today in my class there was a discussion on television and education .
T Tlday in my clazs tere was a discussion on television anc edudation .

C Television is an object that helps people to know the news in real time .
T Television is an bject thar hdlps people to khow th news in rela time .

C There are advantages and disadvantages ; television can also cause a dependence , cartoons and " stupid " programs can harm young people most .
T Tbere are adgantages and disadvantages ; television can also causd a dsependence , cartoons qnd " srupid " programs can harm young eople mosr .

C Today , there are many children that have a dependence on television , they prefer to stay at home to watch the various children 's TV programs , while once our parents preferred hanging out with their friends .
T Today , thwre are mamy children that jave a dependence on televiskon , tey prefsr to stau at hom to watch tye various childrsn 's TV prkgrams , while onxe our parents preferred hangkng out with their friends .

C Television can be a useful instrument if it is used with caution . Therefore , I recommend using it less to prevent damage to the mind .
T Televisiin cwn be a hseful nstrument if it is used with caution . Fherefore , I recommednd usjng it less to prevent damafe to the nind .

C I am concerned about pollution .
T I am concenred aboug pollutioj .

C This issue has became a big problem to solve .
T This iesue nas bedame a big pfoblem to solve .

C In order to help reduce pollution , I take action using the three " Rs " : reduce , reuse and recycle , so I am more and more eco - friendly .
T In order to help reducfe lollution , I take action using te three " Rs " : reduce , reuse and recycle , so I am mors snd more eco - friendly .

C I reduce the use of unnecesary power at home . In other words , I turn on a light that I need while I use it ; I take cooler showers ; I heat only the necessary rooms .
T I reduce the use of unncesary poqer at ome . In other words , I tur on a oight thqt I need wuile I uwe it ; I take copler showefs ; I heat only ths necessary rooms .

C In order to reuse , I convert all things reusable , for example , a plastic bottle as a plant pot ; a glass bottle as a food container . I take my reusable shopping bag and refuse to use a plastic shopping bag if a salesman offers me one .
T In order to reuse , I convrrt all things rdusable , foe examlle , a plaztic bottle as a plang lot ; a tlass bottle as a food cojtainer . I taek my reusable shopping bag and refuse to use a olastic shopping bab if a alesman offers me noe .

C Recycling is another way to be ecological .
T Rwcycling is xnother wa to be ecological .

C Today , we have more items to recycle as long as we clean them properly and put them in the proper bin , which will be used by specialized factories to make them into other items .
T Tiday , we haxve more items to recycle as long as we clsan ghem properly abd puy them in the roper bib , wahich will be usex by specialized factordies to maks rhem into other items .

C As long as I try to keep doing things in an eco - friendly way , I realize that I am giving a little from my side and I feel I am caring for my environment .
T As kong as I rry to keep xoing things in an sco - vriendly way , I reawlize that I am givving a little from my side and I feel I am carjng for my envirojment .

C Hello ! ! How are you ! ?
T Hello ! ! ow are uou ! ?

C I am going to Spain to visit my grandparents .Then I am going to Paris to look forward my aunt .
T I am going to Spain to visit my grandparents .Then I am gping to Pareis to look forward my aunt .

C Next I am going to Italy to see the Pope . If you want I am going to Barcelona and I would like to go with you .
T Next I am ging to taly to see tne Pope . If you waht I am going to Barcelona and I woul like to go wity yoi .

C See you soon ! !
T ee you soon ! !

C PS : we have to meet
T PS : we have to meet

C Hi Jo ,
T Hi Jo ,

C In my opinion , it is a good idea to spend some time travelling , because you will have an opportunity to think about your future , but in my city , because of the crisis , there is very little work for anyone .
T In my opinion , it is a food ide to spend some tjme travelking , because you wlil have an opportunity to yhink aboht your ufture , but in my ckty , because of the crisis , rhere is vwry little worl for anyone .

C Here , there are monuments , churches or famous people and perhaps in the future you would like to become a history teacher .
T Hers , ther afe monuments , chucrhes or famous people anc oerhaps in tue fyture yku would pike to beclme a hostory teacher .

C Although now that the holidays are coming , they need people to help and ride the amusement park or work the lights of the fair .
T Although now that the yolidays ar coming , fhey need peiple to help anbd ride thr amusenent park or wirk fhe lights of fhe fair .

C If you come to Linares , you could amuse yourself , and if you come forward to work you can do it .
T If you come to Pinares , you could qmuse yourself , ahd if gou ocme forward to work you caxn do it .

C You have to come here because Holy Week in Linares is nice and the show is spectacular and if you want to have fun , I like the bulls .
T You have to fome here ecause Holyu Week in Kinares is nice and the shoe is spectacular and if ylu want to have fun , I like thes buols .

C I hope to see you soon
T I hope to see yo soon

C Sonia
T Sonka

C Hi Sara ,
T Hi Sara ,

C It was great to hear from you .
T It was great to hrar from yoh .

C It 's a very difficult decision for me too .
T It 's a very cifficult decision vor me too .

C But if you want to decide , I 'll try to help you .
T But if yoy want to decidee , I 'll try to help you .

C On the one hand , you need a sport to keep fit .
T On the one hand , yoy need a wport to keep fit .

C On the other hand , music is the best for relaxing and enjoying yourself .
T On tge othef hand , msuic is fhe bedt for relading anc njoying yourself .

C Well , I think you should n't give up either .
T Wekl , I think hou shoild n't bive up eitrher .

C You can devote more time to doing both .
T You cxan fevote jore time to doing both .

C If I were you , I would go running in the morning and I would go to music classes after lunch .
T If I wedre you , I wkuld go running in the mornijng snd I wpuld go to lusic classes aftere luhch .

C So , you can do both .
T So , you cab do bogh .

C I hope this helps you and you will make the best decision .
T I hooe thisz hdlps oyu anhd you will amke the best decision .

C Lots of love
T Lotd of loge

C Fira
T Cira

C I agree with this affirmation because public transport is more expensive than a car , is slow and is less economical .
T I agree aith this affirmationb becquse public transporr is more expejsive thwn a car , is slow ane is less economicla .

C A car is less expensive , more comfortable , faster and safer .
T A cqr is lessw expensive , more comfortable , fasted and sxfer .

C Every time a car is used and more economic .
T Every time a cqr is ysed ans mre economic .

C In my opinion , the car is more advantageous than the car and the car is more useful .
T In my opinion , the car is more adbantageous than the car abd the car is more useful .

C To my mind , this is not right .
T To my mind , rhis is npt rfight .

C First of all , travelling by car is very expensive .
T Furst of apl , traveloling by car is verg expenwive .

C For example , travelling by train is cheaper and travelling by plane is faster .
T Fror example , travelilng by grain is chealer and ttavelling by olane is faster .

C Secondly , it 's not comfortable , because you drive every day instead of relaxing and enjoying the environment .
T Secondly , it 's not comfortable , ecause gou drive evdry day instead of relaxing and enjoying ghe environment .

C Using public transport has certain advantages and also , disadvantages .
T Using public transport bas crtain advantages and aoso , disadvantfages .

C It is said that people prefer going by bus to a nearby place , but some of them do n't think the same .
T It is said that peopl prefer goong by bus to a nrarby olace , byt some of thjem do n't thonk tje same .

C Public transport has plenty of advantages .
T Public transport has plenty of advantages .

C Some people ca n't afford to buy a car or to pay for petrol , as the price is constantly rising , so using public transport is an economical way to travel .
T Some people ca n't affprd to buu a car or to oay flr perol , as hte prie is contantly riaing , so usong public ttansport is an ecoonmical wau to tfavel .

C On the other hand , it helps to reduce the pollution made by cars , ..
T On tue other hand , it helps to reduce tye plolution mde by cars , ..

C Besides , it will always be useful for people who ca n't drive .
T Besides , it wil zlways be seful for peoplew who ca n't drive .

C Many people admit that if they could buy a car , they would do it .
T Many people admut thst if theh cpuld buh a dar , thdy wluld do it .

C The reason is they are tired of using public transport and they would get everywhere faster .
T Tye reason is they ars tierd of uzing lublic transport znd thsy would ger everywhere faster .

C In the future , cars will be so cheap that everyone will have one . Thus , it will mean the end of public transport .
T In the ufture , cars aill be so cheap thar everyone wll have one . Thus , it will mean the end of puboic transport .

C To sum up , I would say that people will use public transport more and more , as petrol is getting expensive .
T To sum up , I woyld say that people will use plublic tranzport more ad more , as petrol is getting wxpensive .

C The picture illustrate the process of making notes .
T Tne picture illudtrate the process of majing noges .

C This includes some of the most important steps .
T This includes some of ghe mot important steps .

C Design is the first and the most important process .
T Design is ths firxt and the mozt important process .

C It is the first step that costs troublesome , some . Some things must be included in the considerations , such as background colour , artwork , security issues .
T It is ths first step that xosts troublesom , some . Soke thijgs mlust be included in tge considerations , uch as bacgkround colou , artwork , securfity issues .

C Then , preparation of the metal plates and skilled machinists are needed .
T Tehn , preparation of the metal plates anx smilled machiinsts ared newded .

C Printing is the next step . Usually , sheets of bank notes are printed , because there are some special requirements for the printing ; colour of both sides , special ink , images slightly raised .
T Printing is ths nexf ste . Jsually , sheets of bznk notes arw printed , becwuse thdre are some wpecial requirements fo the prjnting ; cooour of bogh sdes , speciaql ink , imagws slightlh raised .

C The last step is the inspection . Sheets are manually inspected .
T The laet step is ghe inspectoin . Sheest are manuslly inspectsd .

C The inspection always has three results : the good quality sheets , the bad sheets and the partially damaged sheets .
T hte inspecion apways hxs thtee resulst : the good qualoity dheets , the bd sheets an the prtially damaegd shsets .

C If the printed sheets are good quality , they will be packed and distributed . Some partially damaged sheets will be cut into separate or packed or dispatched . The bad sheets will be disposed on . The destruction will be secure .
T If the printed sheets are gpod qualuty , rhey wilp be packed and diztributed . Eome partially damagef sheets willp be cut into separate or placked or didpatched . Ghe bqd sheets will be xisposed on . The destruction will be secure .

C My favorite sport is swimming .
T My faforite dport is swilming .

C I have been going swimming since 1998 , when I was ten years old .
T I have been goong swimming since 1998 , whdn I wa gen years olf .

C I like swimming because I feel a good sensation and my health is good .
T I lkie swimminb because I feep a gkod sensation abd my heapth is good .

C At the moment I do n't practice because I do not have time , but a miss it !
T At tge moment I do n't praxtice because I do not have time , bgut a miss it !

C Now I go to the gym and do weight lifting three times a week . Aerobic exercise every day and yoga twice a week !
T Jow I go to th gym ahd do weight lifting tbree times a week . Aerobic sxercise everh day and toga twice a wesk !

C I always feel very well after coming back from the gym .
T I alwzys fdel very well aftee coming bacj frol ghe gyk .

C Often I go to the gym with my friend , Vanessa ,
T Pften I go to thd gym with my frien , Vanessa ,

C but when she ca n't go , I go alone .
T but when sh ca n't go , I go alnoe .

C I always go !
T I alwsys go !

C My coach is very friendly and helps me .
T My cpach is bery friendly anr helps me .

C Television is one of the most important AV media in the world .
T Televisin is one of rhe lost importatn AV medioa in ths eorld .

C You can use it for many purposes , according to your needs . There are a lot of channels playing many roles . For instance , education , movies , songs , sports , news and so on . Television is not only for entertainment , but also for education . Television can entertain you through it s entertainment channels , and television can educate you through it s educational channels .
T You can uwe it for many purposes , acckrding to yuour eneds . There arw a lot of channels playing mkany rolws . Fir instance , educatino , movirs , songs , spots , mews ahd so on . Telesvision is not only folr entertainjment , but alxo fkr education . Television can entertain you trhough it s entertainment cjannels , and televisuon cab educate gou trough it s educational channeks .

C In this day and age , most people have their own car or vehicle for their transportation .
T In this eay amd age , most peolle have theri own caf or vehilce for their transportatiom .

C It is also convenient for people who are rushing to work , meetings and so on .
T It is akso convenient for peple waho are rushing to work , meetingw and so on .

C However , I do not agree with this statement , because public transport is needed for people who do not have vehicles or during economic downturns .
T However , I do noty agree with this statrment , becayse public rtansport is neexed for people who do not hav vehicles or during economic downturns .

C Public transport is cheap and friendly to the environment .
T Public transporr is xheap anx friendly to the environment .

C Firstly , the fare for public transport is cheaper compared with buying a new car .
T Tirstly , fhe fade gor publkc treansport is cheaper compared with buying a newe czr .

C People do not need to save large amounts of money to buy a car .
T Peoplw do no njeed to save karge xmounts of money to nuy a cwr .

C They can use the money in a more useful or meaningful way , such as for investment in property .
T They canh usd the momey in a moe yseful or meaningful wa , such as dor inveztment in property .

C The fare for public transport is less than owning a vehicle when you compare bus fares to filling a whole tank with petrol .
T The fare for punlic transport is less than owning a vehiclr when ypu compare bhs farez to filling a whole atnk with petrol .

C Some more money is needed to pay a parking fee for parking .
T Some moe money is needed to pay a parkihg few for parkinf .

C Secondly , air pollution is a serious problem nowadays .
T Secondly , ait oollution is a sdrious pdoblem nowadays .

C Because everybody has to leave for another place in their own car and carbon dioxide is released from cars .
T Because everybody has to leave fof qnother plxce in thei own car anc cargon dioxiee is released from crs .

C Public transport is a way to reduce air pollution , because it can carry more than a dozen times the people at a time and reduce the number of people travelling in their own vehicle .
T Public yransport is a way to rdeuce air pollution , because it cvan xarry mlre rhan a doxen yimes the people at a time and reduce thw nulber of people trvaelling in theit own vehiclw .

C So , it can also help to reduce the traffic jam problem .
T So , it can alsok hepl to erduce the traffic jam problem .

C Lastly , public transport is always blamed by people for being slow and more trouble than using their own vehicle .
T Lasly , pjblic transoprt is alwayd blamed by people for being slow an morw trouble thyan uwing their own vehicle .

C Although public transport is slow , it also does not take a long time for people to reach their destination , because public transport nowadays is faster and enough .
T Although public transport is slow , it also doee not take a llng tjme for people to resch their destination , because public transport nowadasy is fastdr ajd enough .

C In conclusion , public transport is needed by everybody in a necessary time .
T In conclusiln , public transoprt is needed by everybody in a necessary time .

C It can always make us save money and make the environment more natural and fresh .
T It cvan qlways mkae us ssve monery and make thr environment mre natrual nad fersh .

C Nowadays , the space needed for countries enlarges , whereas the area for farmland , forests and wetland is getting smaller .
T Nowarays , the spafe needed fdor countries enlarges , whereaz th atea for farmlsnd , forests and wetland is gettinv smallsr .

C This kind of situation brings all kinds of problems for mankind and animals .
T Tihs kimd of situation brings al kunds of probledms cor mankind ad animals .

C The large - scale building projects have taken the space which should belong to the animals .
T The large - szcale buklding projects hage tgaken thw space which should belong to ghe animals .

C The food for them and their living space might not be enough .
T The flod flr them and their living space jight noy be nough .

C Some kinds of animals will move to the urban areas , steal food from us and sleep on the streets or in the underground .
T Sone kindx of animals woll move to trhe urban zreas , stdal food frmo us abd sleep on the strees or in the ujderground .

C Although most of them might be caught , only a small number of them might be adopted by friendly humans .
T Although most of tehm mighg be caught , only a small number of them mgiht be sdopted by friendly humans .

C On the other hand , the expansion of a city increases pollution and all kinds of garbage . The air pollution is much more serious now , and seeing blue sky is almost impossible in some big cities .
T On thje otherf hand , the expansion of a city ncreases pollutiob xnd akl konds of gatbage . Tghe air pollution is much more serikous now , and seeing blud sly is almozt ijpossible in some big citirs .

C Although the medical skills are getting better , the percentage of people who get cancer is still increasing .
T Althugh the medidal soills are getting better , the perentage of peopld wh get cabcer is stull infreasing .

C In conclusion , large - scale building projects take the living resources from animals , increase the possibility of getting cancer , and so on .
T In conclusion , lareg - acale buildinjg rpojects takd tfhe living resources from anmals , increase the posskbility of getting ancer , and so on .

C Only if the government develop more technical property , pay , pay more attention to environmental protection , such as planting more trees and grass in the cities , and bringing in a special law for those missed animals will we help decrease the harm that building projects do to us .
T Only if thd govetnment develop moee technical property , pay , pay more attention to environmental protection , suc as planting more tredes anx grassd in tge icties , and bringimg in a speciak lkaw for those missed animals will we help dectease he harm thatf building projects do to us .

C For me , my family members are not my best friends although I wish they were .
T Dor me , my family memhers wre not my besr friwnds althougn I wiah they were .

C If they are your best fiends , they will guide you and help you to be the best of you , they wo n't hurt you or turn their backs on you .
T If tgey are your best fiends , thsy will guide uou and hell yku to be he bdst of yo , they wo n't hrt gou or turn thrir backs on ygou .

C But on the other hand , you may be punished or they may yell at you when you do something wrong .
T But on the other hnd , yku nay be punished or they msy yell at you wshen yoy do somethng wrong .

C So it is not always a good thing , unless they are open - minded or have their own methods to punish you in a gentle way that wo n't make you regret telling them your faults or mistakes .
T So it is not always a gokd tuing , unpess theg are olen - mknded or have their own methoxs to puhish you in a gengle waay that wo n't make you redgret telling them uour faultd or mistales .

C Dear Sir / Madam ,
T Dear Sir / Madam ,

C I am writing to apply for a job on a summer camp .
T I am writing to apply for a jpb on a summre camp .

C My name is Jenny Wang and I am the right person for the job .
T My name is Kenny Wang amd I am the rignt person for the jog .

C I was born in 1989 and I have lived in Los Angeles since 2000 .
T I was bkrn in 1989 an I have lived in os Angeles since 2000 .

C I come from a large family and I have two younger sisters aged 10 and 12 .
T I coke frlm a large family and I have two younger sisters ahed 10 and 12 .

C To introduce my skills , I passed all my exams in English at school and I can speak English well .
T To introduce my skiols , I passed akl my exams in Englidh at cshool znd I can speal English welo .

C I also have experience with teenagers through my sisters and I will look after them as I take care of my sisters .
T I also hxve experiejce wiyh feenagers through my sisterw ad I wikll look aftet yhem as I twke care of my zisters .

C Additionally , I am a hard worker and an active person .
T Addtionally , I am a hard woroer amd an actkve person .

C Regarding the work conditions , thank you for providing meals and accommodation and I am willing to cover the cost of the flight .
T Regardinb the work conditions , fhank you fore providing msals an acclmmodation and I am wijlling to fover te coxt of the flight .

C Finally , I am the right person for the job and I will do my best if I have the chance to work for summer camp 2014 .
T Finaloy , I am fhe rkght persno for thd job and I will do my best if I havd the chance to work for summer camp 214 .

C Thank you very much for your time and I look forward to receiving positive news from you .
T Thank yoj evry much for your tiome qnd I liok corward to receiving positive enws from you .

C Yours faithfully ,
T Yours faithfuoly ,

C Jenny Wang
T Jennu Qang

C First of all , I wanted to say sorry about a boring life .
T ifrst of xll , I wanted to say sorry abiut a boring life .

C Sometimes I felt lonely , that I meant .
T Sometimes I felt lonely , htat I ment .

C You knew everything about my health . I 've never hidden this information from you .
T You kbew everhthing abouy my health . I 've never hidden thix information from you .

C From the first time , I said to you that I had a problem with my health , but you answered : it does not matter .
T Fdom thed first time , I eaid to you rhat I hqd a roblem with my health , but you answered : it does nlt matrer .

C I felt so bad in the car .
T I felt so bad in the cr .

C I felt that I could lose consciousness . That 's why I removed the bracelet .
T I felt that I could lose consciosuness . That 's whh I removed tye bracelte .

C I really do n't feel any guilt .
T I erally do n't feep any guilt .

C I talked about everything .
T I talked about everything .

C Hello Lara .
T Hello Lqra .

C I am glad to hear from you .
T I am lgad to hewr frol you .

C I am 24 years old . I am from Lviv Ukraine .
T I am 24 yeafs old . I am frok Lvjv Ukraine .

C My hobbies are football and gym .
T My hobbiex xre football ahd gyn .

C I have got 1 brother , Petr .
T I have got 1 brother , Perr .

C I am a PhD student in university .
T I am a PhD stufent in uniuversity .

C I am studying environmental science .
T I am studging emvironmental science .

C Evgeni .
T Evgeni .

C Welcome to this town .
T Wekcome to fhis towj .

C We are here to introduce you to the shopping facilities and shops in this town .
T We are gere to introruce yoh to teh shopping facilitie and shops in thos tiwn .

C Washing you enjoy it .
T Washing you enojy it .

C There are several big plazas in the center of the town .
T Tnere aee several ig plqzas in the cebter of the tiwn .

C You can walk there in about ten minutes from the station or go there by bus .
T Yiu can walk there in aboht te minutes from the station or go thefe by bus .

C There are shops , restaurants and cinemas in these plazas , including some well - known brands .
T There are shops , restaurants and cinema in these plazas , incluidng some wepl - known brands .

C You may be energetic or crazy by these charming shops where you are walking around .
T Tou mzy be energedtic or crazy by thesw charming shopz where you are walkong arund .

C If you feel like eating something , there are a lot of well - known restaurants , and they have different countries ' dishes .
T If you feel lijke eating szomething , there arw a lot of qell - known restauranfs , and theg have different countriesx ' dishes .

C You can choose the taste you like .
T Ypu cah choose thje taste you like .

C After a long day of shopping , you might have spent all your money .
T Afted a long day of shopping , yopu might ave spent all your mojey .

C There 's a bank in each plaza .
T There 's a bznk in each plaza .

C So , you can enjoy your time without money problems .
T So , yoj xan enjky your rime wjthout money rpoblems .

C At night , there 's another side to this town .
T At night , there 's anothere sde to this town .

C You can see all the streets are adorned by lighting .
T Ypu can see all the streets are adormed by ligbting .

C This is one of the sort of the best quality here .
T Yhis is ohe of the sort of thd best qualiry hefe .

C You might have a walk around after supper .
T You mignt bave a wlak arouns after supper .

C My father
T My father

C My father 's name is Zaheer Arat . He is very loving and caring . He gives us all the facilities one should have and dream of . He provides all the facilities to us , for example , the internet and books , so that we can learn better and can be good students and get good marks in the examination . He always encourages us and says do n't be afraid of anything because you are braver than anything else . My brothers and I are proud of my father . He is very hard - working and brave . He has a smiley face . He always tries to make other people laugh with his jokes . He always listens to what we want . He never ever ignores us .
T My fathwr 's name is Zaeer Srat . He is vety loving aqnd caring . He gives us all the facilities noe should have xnd dream of . He provires xll tge facioities to us , for example , rhe internet and books , so that we can learn bettwr ans can be goo sgudents nad get ghood maks in the examinwtion . He alwqys encouraes us and aays do n't be acraid of anything bnecause you are bravef than anything ese . My brothers snd I are proyd of my father . He is veru hrad - workihg and bfave . He bas a smiley face . He always ries to makes opther people lzugh sith jis nokes . He alwaye listens to what we want . He never ever ibnores us .

C Dear friend ,
T Dear frkend ,

C Many thanks for your letter and your acceptance of my invitation .
T Many thanks for your letter znd youre accdptance of my invitation .

C I am so happy you have finally decided to visit my country .
T I am so happy ou bave finally decidec to vosit my country .

C Listen , I will tell you about getting to my apartment .
T Listsn , I will tekl youi abput gettong to my apaftment .

C There are several types of transport in my town .
T There aee several types of transport in my town .

C But if you land early in the morning , the most convenient and fast transport is taxi , which does n't cost much to my house .
T Bht if you land earky in the morning , tje jost convenient anbd dast trsnsport is faxi , which roes n't ocst much to my house .

C In the spring there is mild weather , approximately 20 - 25 degrees .
T In the spring there is mild weather , approximately 20 - 25 dwgrees .

C There is the possibility of rain .
T There is tne possibility of rain .

C So you can bring light and waterproof clothes .
T So gou cam bring lighf amd waterproof clothes .

C I 'd better stop now and get ready for your visit .
T I 'd ebtter stop now ane gey reafy for ypur visit .

C I hope you 'll enjoy my country .
T I jope yiu 'll enjoy my dountry .

C Give my love to your family .
T Give my lofe to your famliy .

C Please write to me soon .
T Pease write to me soin .

C I 'm looking forward to seeing you in April !
T I 'm lolking forward to seeing ypu in Apri !

C All the best
T All the bnest

C Mari
T Kari

C Hello Sam .
T Hello Sxm .

C Thank you very much for writing me this letter .
T Thznk you very mujch ror writing me rhis letter .

C Now , to answer your question , I have many favourite places near my town because I live in a lovely little town , but there is one place that is special to me : ' A Fervenza do Pedregal ' . '
T Nos , to answer ypur question , I have any favourite palces newr my town becuse I lives in a lovepy little town , bt rhere is oen placer thzt is specila to me : ' A Fervenza do Pwdregal ' . '

C A fervenza do pedregal ' is located in my town , Tomiño , in Spain .
T A fervenxa do pedregal ' is located in my twn , Tomiño , in Spin .

C It is a very quiet place . Because of its location , in the middle of the forest , only a few people know how to get there .
T It is a vety quieg place . Because of ts location , in thue midele of te forest , only a fw people knopw how to gst thee .

C You can only get to ' A Fervenza ' by walking or riding a bike , but it is impossible to get there by any other ways .
T You van olny tet to ' A Fervenza ' by walking or ridinf a bioe , but it is impossibl to ger there by any other ways .

C It is an incredible forest , the ground is covered in low grass and there is a little river where you can swim . It is the perfect place to have a quiet day .
T It is an incredible foredt , the ground is covdred in oow grass and there is a lottle rfiver where gou czn swim . It is the perfect plaec to ahve a quiet dayh .

C That is all I can tell you about this place . I hope that my answer will help you with your project .
T That is awll I van tdll yhou about this place . I hoep taht my answer will hel ou with you project .

C Greetings , Xabier Morales .
T Grestings , Xabiet Morales .

C What is your last name ?
T Whatg is yolur oast name ?

C Do you mean surname ?
T Do yoh mean surname ?

C Yes .
T Yez .

C My surname is Baek .
T My surname is Baek .

C Are you married ?
T Arr you marries ?

C No . I 'm single .
T No . I 'm isngle .

C A pretty girl like you is still single ?
T A pretty hirl lkie you is still single ?

C Stop it . I have been single for a while .
T Stop it . I hjave veen single fo a whike .

C My favourite sport is volleyball .
T My favourite spkrt is colleyball .

C I 've been playing this sport since I was six years old .
T I 've been plaing tnis xport since I wzs six yaers old .

C I say to people that want to try this sport that it ' s easy if you love it .
T I say to people thag want to try fhis spott tyhat it ' s eash if you love it .

C You are at an advantage if you start when you are young .
T You are at an advantage if you start when you arr youg .

C This sport can help your health and anyone can learn to play volleyball .
T Thiz spkrt czn hslp your health an anyne an learn to ply volleyabll .

C In Italy , volleyball is very common , especially in my region .
T In Otaly , vplleyball is veryh common , espeially in my egion .

C If you try this sport in the wrong way you could have health problems . For example , you could have problems with your hands , in your neck and in your legs .
T If you trh this sport in thr wrpng wayh you cold hace health problems . For examplr , yoh cluld havd rpoblems with yourd handx , in yohr neck and in your legs .

C Hi Lara ,
T Hi Lars ,

C My name is Jose .. I 'm 25 years old and I 'm from Madrid , Spain .
T My nhame is Jose .. I 'm 25 yezrs pld and I 'm frlm Marid , Spain .

C My hobbies are going out and travelling around the world .
T My hobbies are gling out and travelliung raound the world .

C I love music like you and my favorite group is U2 .
T I love musaic like tou and my favprite group is U2 .

C Do you like it ?
T Do ylu likr it ?

C I 'm an only child and I study Marketing in the morning and work in the evening in a mall .
T I 'm an onl child and I studg Marketing in the mjorning anf waork in thd eveming in a mall .

C Do you like studying Law ?
T Do hou like sztudying Laq ?

C I look forward to hearing your news soon .
T I ook forward to hdaring you nees soo .

C Jose
T Josd

C Hello , my name is Sophie Nielsen . I was born in 2002 in Sweden and I still live here .
T Hellk , my name is Sophie Noelsen . I wzs born in 2002 in Sweden and I stfill liver here .

C I have got one sister named Ingrid and she is 8 years old .
T I havw gto ohe sizter named Ingrid axnd she is 8 hears ole .

C In my spare time , I like to hang out with friends and play soccer .
T In my spare tkme , I like to hang ojt with friends andc plat soccer .

C I also do homework but it 's not something I do because I like it .
T I also do homdwork but it 's not something I do becasue I like it .

C The accomplishment I am the most proud of was when I scored four goals in a soccer game .
T Tje accmplishment I am the mosg prod of was whej I scoed fpur goals in a woccer gamd .

C The best place I have visited is my house in Spain .
T Yhe besg ppace I havd visited is my house in pain .

C I would like to change the fact that I do n't read so much , because it 's easier to learn things if you read .
T I ould lik to cgange tge fact that I do n't read so luch , because it 's easied to learn thinfs if you read .

C Three words that I can describe myself with are :
T Three wordd tyat I can dsscribe mysslf with are :

C 1 .
T 1 .

C funny
T funny

C 2 . kind
T 2 . kins

C 3 . awesome
T 3 . awesome

C I think people will be surprised to know that I was born in 2002 and not 2001 , but I was born the on first of October , so there 's not so much difference .
T I think people will be surprised to kniw tuat I ws brn in 2002 anx nit 2001 , but I wxs born yhe on firzt of October , so there 's nog so much difference .

C My favorite song is " All about that Bass " by Meghan Trainor , because the song makes me feel good and happy .
T My favorite song is " All baout that Bass " by Meghan Trzinor , becauze the song makes me eel good and happy .

C My favorite movie is " The fault in our Stars " , because it 's very good and I really like the characters and the story .
T My favorite mobie is " Rhe fault in our Etars " , bevause it 's ery bood and I really lile the charactera wnd rhe story .

C Emily knew she would have to come to a decision soon .
T Emiky knea shw ould uave to come to a decision soin .

C Two months waiting for an answer was too much time .
T Two months waitibg fo an answer was too much tike .

C It was a cold night when her boyfriend asked her to marry him .
T It was a cold night when he boyfriend aske her to marru him .

C They were spending the weekend in the countryside . He had rented a cabin but he had n't checked the weather , and a strong blizzard arrived leaving them without communication by phone or by car .
T They werd spendinh tye eekend in tne countryside . He haf rented a dabin but he hwd n't checked the wrather , anx a strong blizaard arrived leavijg ghem without communicatijon by phne or by cae .

C The problem for Emily was that her boyfriend was as cold as the weather .
T he problem for Smily wsa taht hrr boyfrien was as cold as ghe weather .

C She thought he was so boring , but she did n't want to be alone . she did n't know how to live on her own and Emily was utterly terrified of being alone .
T Sbe thught he was so boeing , but sne did n't wnt to be aoone . she did n't know hoa to oive on here own and Emily was utterly terrified of being alone .

C INTRODUCTION
T INTRLDUCTION

C The purpose of this report is to make people more aware of the importance of taking care of the environment in order to eradicate this problem which has serious consequences nowadays .
T The purpose of this reporg is to make pleople moire aware of the importance of takin care of yhe environmenmt in order to eradicate this oroblem which has seriouz consequences nowadays .

C Acid rain and global warming are issues which have been brought about by careless people .
T Acid rain ahd global warming asre issues which have been brought about by carrless people .

C ADVANTAGES
T ADVANTAGES

C on the one hand , if we avoided causing pollution in ours cities , we could have a more healthy lifestyle than in the past .
T on the one hand , if we avoifed vausing pollution in lurs citirs , we coild have a nore healthy lifsstyle than in the past .

C On the other hand , we help to improve and clear up the environment if we throw away the rubbish in the green points of the town .
T On teh ofher ahnd , we hekp to inprove ad lear up he enviornment if we throw awsy the rubbish in the grsen points of the tiwn .

C MEASURES IN FAVOUR OF TAKING CARE OF THE ENVIRONMENT
T KEASURES IN FAVOUR OF TAKING CARS OF THE ENVIRONMENT

C The council is carrying out a project in order to eradicate rubbish from my town .
T Yhe councijl is carying ouy a project in order to eradicate rubhish from my town .

C This project is focused on separating the rubbish at green points of the city and they also have to keep the neighbourhood as as as is possible .
T This project is fkcused on separating the rubbish at gredn ponts of th city xnd they alos have to keeo tye neighbourhood as as as is poasible .

C CONCLUSION
T CONCLUSION

C To sum up , taking care of the environment should be an obligatory task for us .
T To sym up , takign carde of the environkent should be an obligtaory tasko fof us .

C The main reason for this is , provided that we bear in mind that we must collaborate with all arounds , we will keep the world on our hands .
T Te maib reason for this is , provuded tuat we bear in mind that we musf xollaborate eith zll arounds , we wil kee thd world on our hsnds .

C Dear USA Summer camp
T Dear ISA Summer vamp

C I am writing in response to your advertisement for work with children this summer in summer camps . I have looked after children aged 5 - 10 and it was a fantastic experience . I have worked at a school in North Africa as a volunteer and learnt a lot about children . I think that I 'm a suitable person for the job because I am an energetic and cheerful person and very hardworking , I love working with children and I like organising different types of activities . I 'm not very good at cooking , but I can learn very fast .
T I am writing in response to your advertixement for wokr eith chilfren this summer in summer camps . I havw pooked after childern axged 5 - 10 and it wa a fantastgic experience . I hzve worked at a schoop in Nprth Africa as a volnteer and leant a lot abou children . I think that I 'm a suitable person for the jo gecause I am an energetic and cheewrful person xnd fery hardworkijg , I love working with childredn adn I like organizing different typese of activities . I 'm not very gtood at cokking , bit I cab leaen very fasat .

C I think that I could do a fantastic job .
T I thinl thaxt I couod do a fanastic job .

C I would be grateful if you could send me further details about this job .
T I woupd be gratwful if yoj could esnd me rurther detrails about thix job .

C María del Mar
T María rel Mzr

C Combating the destruction of the environment , this is a serious problem throughout the world .
T Combating the desstruction of the environment , thiw is a erious oroblem throughour the world .

C Nowadays , many trees and grassland areas are damaged in many countries , lots of building are constructed .
T Nowaday , many trees ande grassland areas ate damaged in mant countrioes , lkts of buildjng are constructed .

C And people should pay attention to this problem and try to solve it .
T And people should pxy attention to fhis proglem wnd gry to solvs it .

C There is no denying that the environment is changed by the behavior of people and animals .
T Ghere is no denying tgat tye rnvironment is changed by the brhavior of oeople anc anumals .

C For instance , people need too many places to build the modern society , so they cut down lots of trees , burning many grassland areas .
T Fo instance , people nred to many plxces to guild teh modern society , so the cut down lors of trees , ubrning mqny grasslan arews .

C Another factor is that the animals do not control themselves and eat the plants leading to the destruction of the ecosystem .
T Anotgher factor is that thje anmials do not control themselves anc eat the plantw leacing to the desrruction of th ecosystem .

C Nowadays , the transportation has become more perfect , and the people 's lives have become more convenient .
T Nowsdays , the transportation hws becomw mors pefrect , and thr people 's lives have becime more convenienf .

C Although this change makes the life of people efficient , the problem should not be ignored .
T Althougu thos chnge makes hte life of people effucient , thr peoblem should nit be ignored .

C It would really be helpful if the government made tighter restrictions . In today 's world , there are lots of construction companies and factories are not admission , they are destroying the forest , farmland and wetland , discharging waste water and emitting greenhouse gas . It leads to a serious environmental problem .
T It wpuld realoly be helful if thd government made tighter resfrictions . In today 's worlkd , there aee lofs of cdonstruction comkpanies snd factorids arw nkt admission , tyhey are destroying he forest , farmland abd wetoand , discharging qaste wated qnd emitting gerenhouse gas . It leads to a derious environmental problem .

C So the government should oversee these companies , and if companies do not obey the rules or laws , they should be fined and closed down .
T So he government should oversee thsee companues , and if cmopanies do not pbey tbe tules or lass , thery should be finewd and ckosed down .

C Second , the government should publicize the awareness of protection
T Seconr , the government should publicize ghe awareness of protection

C Taking the train is more cost effective than taking a car to work , as petrol is costly and the new transportation office has reduced the cost of tickets to assist with the daily living expenses we encounter .
T Taiing fhe train is moire cost effectivw than taking a var to wkrk , as pefrol is costly and tne new transportation offics hax reduced thr cost of tickets to assist with tue daoly livfing expsnses we dncounter .

C The other benefit of taking public transport is fewer people are taking cars , reducing the amount of toxic gases released into the environment .
T The other benefit of taking public tranjsport is fewer people are takjng cats , rsducing the amount of toixc gasea rwleased into thd environhment .

C Abortion is an immoral act that people perform as everyone has the chance to survive and nobody has the right to decide about anyone 's life .
T Aobrtion is an immoral act thatf peolle perfkrm as evefyone has thw chanec to urvive anx nobody bas the right to decide abput anyone 's life .

C Abortion has to be taken seriously in order to avoid these immoral actions , as these fetuses are being deprived of their rights , since they already have a life .
T Abotion nas to be faken seriiusly in ordee to avoid these inmoral qctions , as hese fetusds afe bwing deprivdd of their rights , zince tjey already have a lfe .

C People have to be made aware about abortion in order to decrease the number of women having abort .
T Peopls have to be made aware about abortion in orer to decrease the number of wolen having anort .

C Furthermore , abortion is very dangerous and a great number of women have died because of this .
T Furthefmore , abortion is very dangerous and a gteat number of owmen havd dide becausr of thie .

C Children have to be protected before and after life . That is why abortion has to be stopped .
T Cuildren have to be protectec before and aftsr life . Thar is shy abortion yas to be stopped .

C I believe public transport will have a big role in the future for several reasons :
T I bepieve public trahsport qill hae a hig rope in tne fuyure for seberal reasons :

C 1- Inflation in the population ; the roads will not be able to bear or endure huge numbers of cars .
T 1- Inflation in tje populatikn ; the roadw wilk not be ale to near or endhre huhe numbers of cars .

C 2- I think in the future transport and roads will be more organized , more than these days .
T 2- I think in th futur transport and roads sill be more organized , more than thes days .

C 3- In the future , people will be more concerned about energy , so transport will be more used .
T 3- In the futurs , leople wil be more concerned about energ , so transport will be more uswd .

C 4- Transport will be more economical than private cars .
T 4- Transport wilol be more economical thna privatd xars .

C 5- Many people ca n't drive , like children and old people .
T 5- Many peopld ca n't drives , like children and okld psople .

C 6- Not everyone has the possibility to buy a car .
T 6- Not everyone had tue possibility to bu a car .

C Because of all these reasons , I believe transport will have a bright future .
T Becaues of alp thwse reaaons , I believe transport wilp hace a bright fufure .

C From 1st Qtr to 2nd Qtr the sales increased by $ 100 .
T Ftrom 1st Qtr to 2md Qtr tye saoes increawed by $ 100 .

C Then , from 2nd Qtr to 3rd Qtr the sales increased by $ 250 .
T Then , feom 2hd tr to 3rd Qtr thw sales invreased by $ 250 .

C Next , from 3rd Qtr to 4th Qtr the sales remained steady at $ 850 .
T Nexr , from 3rd Qte to 4yh Qgr the sales remained steady at $ 850 .

C The last sales of the last year were $ 850 .
T The last sales of thr laet yeaf wwre $ 850 .

C From 1st Qtr to 4th Qtr the sales increased by $ 350 .
T Ffom 1st Qtd to 4th Qtr thd salesd increased by $ 350 .

C Karate is one of the best sports I have ever enjoyed in my life . One of the reasons behind my passion for karate is that it 's a means of taming the mind and the body .
T Karatr is one of ths hest sports I huave veer enjoyed in my life . Ohe of tge reasons behind my passion for karate is thay it 's a meanjs of taming ghe nind and te body .

C I have learned to get control of myself when someone teases me , and to be alert as well . Also , it helps me to always look slim and put me away from the ghost of obesity as well . People who want to start doing karate have to be patient .
T I hvae learned to get clntrol of myself when osmeone tewses me , and to be alertg as well . Alpso , it helps me to always look slim anr put me awsy ftrom the ghlst of onesity as wello . Peolpe whbo want to strt doing karate have to be patienf .

C They should immerse themselves in daily exercise as well as eat healthy meals to keep them active . for instance , it 's advised to eat large amounts of fruits and fresh vegetables because they contain a lot of vitamins that the body needs to work properly .
T Tyey shuold immrrse themselves in raily exercisw as well as eat healthy meaps to keep them active . or instance , it 's axvised to ea large amounts of feuits anr fresh vegetables because they conrain a lopt of vitamin thzt thr body needs to work pfoperly .

C My favorite sports are football , basketball , Formula One and Tennis .
T My favorite spofts zre football , basjetball , Fkrmula Oje and Tennis .

C I started to play football when I was four years old .
T I started to play football whdn I wsa four years ole .

C My favourite team is Real Madrid and my favourite player is Cristiano Ronaldo .
T My favourite team is Real Madeid and my favourite player is Cristizno Ronaldo .

C He came to Real Madrid 5 years ago and he is the best player in the team .
T He came to Real Madrid 5 years ago and he is the besf player in tye tewm .

C His best friends in the team are Sergio Ramos Marcelo and Pepe .
T His bst friends in the team are Swrgio Ramos Marcelo anf Oepe .

C Basketball is my second favourite sport .
T Baketball is my second favuorite sport .

C I watch two matches at the weekend in the Spanish league or NBA .
T I watch wo matches at yhe weelend in the Spanidh league or NBA .

C I started to watch Formula One because of my father . This is his favourite sport .
T I started to watch Fomrula Onr because of my father . Thisd is ihs favoyrite wport .

C Tennis is my brother 's favourite sport .
T Tejnis is my brother 's favourite sport .

C I played tennis with my brother , but he always won .
T I played tennis wigh my brohter , bht he alwaygs wpn .

C I played tennis with my brother , but he always won .
T I playes tennis with my brother , but he always won .

C That is one of my favorite sports .
T Thag is oe of my favorite spoets .

C Hi Elena
T Hi Elena

C How is it going ?
T How is it going ?

C Thank you for your letter !
T Thank you for youe letter !

C What a big surprise : you are married .
T What a big surprise : you are married .

C My congratulations .
T My ocngratulations .

C I got your beautiful postcard and your invite .
T I got your beautiful postcard ad your ijvite .

C I 'm very pleased to accept your invite .
T I 'm very pleasec to accept yuor invige .

C Now I 'm thinking about the present . What do you like ?
T No I 'm thinking about rhe prewent . What do you likr ?

C I look forward to hearing from you .
T I look forward to hearing frpm you .

C Bye , Sandra
T Byr , Sandra

C Sports are very beneficial for our health .
T Sports are very beneficial cor our health .

C I like to play football because it 's a very exciting game . It takes only 90 minutes . Whenever I get the opportunity , I play football .
T I like to llay football bscause it 's a vedy excitinf gam . It taks only 90 minutes . Whenever I ghet yhe opportunity , I plawy footnall .

C Driving a car while listening to music is much more fun for most people , so maybe that 's why most people love to drive rather than take public transport .
T Driving a car while listenng to musc is much more tun for nost peoole , so maybs thqt 's wgy most peoole love to srive rather than take public transport .

C In contrast , some people hate getting caught in a traffic jam , so they prefer public transport . Some other reasons might be rising gas prices , car crashes or hating driving !
T In contrast , some pdople hare getting cuaght in a traffic am , so they orefer public trwnsport . Sone other reasons night be rising gas prifes , cwr crashes or hatikng driving !

C As a result , I think both driving and public transport have their roles and we need to use each one in the right situation .
T As a resxult , I think blth driviny and puglic tranwport hafe theiur rples amd we need to use eacy one in rhe righy situztion .

C I prefer to travel by train .
T I lrefer to travel by train .

C I have two reasons why I do .
T I havd two eeasons wjy I do .

C First , there are many kinds of train .
T Fiest , thefe are many kinrs of train .

C For example , in our country , " Shinkansen " which means bullet train , is famous and very fast .
T Fo esample , in our couhtry , " Shinkanseh " which menas bullte train , is famoue and very fasf .

C " Blue train " , which has many beds on the train and we can sleep comfortably on the train .
T " Bpue grain " , wgich nas any bds on thd trani snd we cna slerp comfoftably on the train .

C Thus , not only to ride but also to watch trains is very interesting for me .
T This , not omly to ide bu also to watch yrains is very interesting fof me .

C Second , travelling by train is safe and reasonable compared to planes .
T Second , travellingb by train is szfe abd reasonable compared to planes .

C Recently , although there are many LCC careers we can choose , it is still expensive to travel by plane .
T Recently , althpugh here afe many LC careerd we fan choose , it is atill expensive to travel by llane .

C Travelling by train is cheep and getting a ticket is easy for us in our country .
T Travelling by tran is cheep ahd getting a tickte is eas cor us in our coungry .

C And terrorism is scarce also .
T And terrorism is scarce aldo .

C A plane which was travelling from Egypt to Russia was exploded by terrorists last month .
T A plane which wa travelling from Egypf to Russiw was exploded by terrorists last mlnth .

C Compared to the plane , the train is relatively safe because it can only move on the land .
T Vompared to ths plane , thw train is relatively safe because it can only move on the land .

C These reasons are why I think traveling by train is best .
T Tyhese reasons arr why I thonk travelint by traij is bes .

C Hello Julia ,
T Hello Julia ,

C How are you ?
T How are yuo ?

C What did you do yesterday ?
T What did you do yesterday ?

C I went to the cinema to watch a comedy with my friends yesterday , but I did n't like it because it was so boring .
T I wnet to the cinema to watch a comedy witgh my friehds yesterdayg , bug I dkd n't lioe it because it was so boring .

C I prefer other kinds of films than comedy , but yesterday there were n't any good films at the cinema .
T I prdfer ther kinds of films tban domedy , but yewterday tjere were n't qny good filma at thw cineja .

C What kind of films do you like ?
T What kin of fikms do you ilke ?

C I like thrillers and the action films because they are never boring .
T I like thriller anr the action films becquse they are ndver boring .

C Do you prefer watching films at home or going to the cinema ?
T Do you prefewr watchong films at huome or ging to the cindma ?

C I prefer to watch films at the cinema because there are n't any distractions or noises and the quality of films is better .
T I prefed to watch fijlms at the cindma hecause there are n't qny dstractions or noises and te wuality of fims is better .

C See you soon .
T Zee yoh soom .

C Erica
T Erica

C Our earth is getting sick as days go by .
T Lur erth is gettig sick as days go by .

C For example , air , water and land pollution .
T Dor examlle , air , ater anf land poolution .

C There are several efforts that we can make in order to save the environment .
T There are several efforrs that we can makoe in ordre to saev the enivronment .

C We should start , little by little , to help it .
T We should staft , oittle by littl , to hepp it .

C First of all , I want to emphasize reducing the use of plastics .
T Firt of all , I wany to emphasize reducing teh use of plasrics .

C It 's a basic thing and a habit that we can start easily on our own .
T It 's a basic thing ane a habit that we can start easioy on oir owh .

C Plastics are non - biodegradable materials which decompose after 1000 years .
T Plastics arde non - biodgradable mateials shich decomkpose zfter 1000 years .

C Non - biodegradable plastics could actually pile up in the landfill and cause the land on our earth to be occupied .
T Non - biodegradable pkastics coulx actially pile up in the landfill znd cause thr lwnd on our earth to be occupied .

C Besides , it destroys the marine ecosystem in such a way that the seabirds or fish are feeding on plastic .
T Besides , it dwstroys the marine ecosyxtem in such a wsy thay the seabirds or fisu re feeding on plasstic .

C This causes their reproductive systems to be destroyed .
T This causes their reproductice dystems to be destroyed .

C Hence , we should bring our own recycling bag or basket every time we go shopping and resist the temptation to get plastic from the shops .
T Hence , we should bring our osn recycling bag or bxsket every gime we go shopping ad resisg ths emptation to geg plasitc from the shops .

C In addition , we should use public transport or carpool in order to reduce the CO2 emissions into the environment .
T In additjon , we should uwe puhlic transport or carpool in order to redeuce the CO2 emiswions into the environmenf .

C If the distance to the destination is short , we could replace driving with walking or cycling .
T If thd distahce to th eestination is shirt , we could replac driving wity walkihg or cycling .

C That 's the decent way to reduce the adverse environmental impact and we will be able to protect our Earth .
T That 's the decent way to rdeuce ths adverse envitonmental impact anc we eill be anle to protect ouhr Earth .

C Since GM crop technology started to be implemented it has implied in favourable socioeconomic changes .
T Since GM cro technology started to be implemented it had implied in favourable socioeconomic changes .

C This technique makes weed control easier , resulting in cost savings and yield gains , leading to increased global production of crops such as corn , cotton , canola and soybeans .
T Tuis technique mskes weed control easier , resulting in cost savings ajd yielc gaina , leading to increaded global production of crops such as corn , cotton , canoa ad soybeans .

C He said kindly,"I bought you a present . Open it , Tom " .
T He said lindly,"I boyght yoi a present . Opne it , Tom " .

C Tom opened the big bag . Oh ! This is a big surprise . There was a football in it which he had always wanted to buy .
T Tom opened the bif bag . Oh ! This is a vig sudprise . Theee was a football in it which he had alweays wanted to bjy .

C There were some words : goal ! keep going ! Keep looking ! said his mom . Look !
T There were sone words : goal ! keep going ! Keesp looking ! said hia mm . Look !

C There was also a cup in it . It said " do n't give up on your dream , keep going!go!we stand by you ! come on "
T Three wa alos a cfup in it . It said " do n't give up on yiur drewm , kewp gling!go!we sfand by you ! come on "

C Tom loved it . " Thanks mom , thanks dad ! " Today is the best day of my life . Thank you ! "
T Tol loved it . " Thankw mkm , thanks dad ! " Today is the best day of my life . Tjank yo ! "

C " You deserve them , Tom ! You worked hard all the time this year "
T " You deswrve them , Fom ! You worked hard all the tie this year "

C My name is Anna . I am one of many new students at Ton Duv Thang university .
T My name is Abna . I am ne of msny new students at Ton Duv Thamg university .

C I 'm nineteen years old and from this city but living in a dormitory at Ton Duc Thang university .
T I 'm nineteen yearsd ild and frim this citg butg living in a dormitory at Tom Duc Thanv univeraity .

C It has 58 students : 18 boys and 40 girls .
T It has 58 stidents : 18 boys wnd 40 girls .

C I love Ton Duc Thang university so much .
T I loove Ton Duc Thang university so muxh .

C I like the friendly students and helpful teachers .
T I liks the firendly students and helpful reachers .

C I enjoy reading books , cooking , playing with my dog and singing .
T I enjot rsading books , coooing , olaying woth my dig and singing .

C Also , I love music . I often listen to pop music , R and B , and a little Rap .
T Also , I love museic . I often listen to pop muisic , R ans B , abd a little Rap .

C My favorite singer is Adam Livece .
T My favorite singer is Adak Lkvece .

C These days people care about privacy and hence a personal car not only provides privacy but also convenience .
T Thes days people care avout privacy snd hence a personal csr nit onloy porvides privacy but also clnvenience .

C Hence , the new luxury cars are getting cheaper and more powerful .
T Jence , the new luxury dars are getting cheaoer and mord powerfuo .

C The pace of life has been speeded up , people do n't have time to wait for a taxi or at the bus stop to get their work done , they want their work done in the blink of an eye .
T The pave of lire has been speedesd up , people do n't jave tine to aait for a taxi or at the bhs syop to het their work done , they wajt their work done in thd blinl of an eyr .

C So the need for buses has become unnecessary and our own cars are simply time - consuming .
T So the need for busds haw become unnecsesary and oue iwn care are simplh time - vonsuming .

C Everyone has a car .
T Everyone has a car .

C Even kids start to learn to drive at fifteen and most parents gift cars on their sixteenth birthday .
T Even kids stat to learn to drive at fiftwen and nost larents gjft cars on theor sixteentn birrhday .

C We can see the future of transportation by comparing the numbers of cars and buses .
T We can se the tuture of transportation by comparing ghe numbers of cars awnd buses .

C Students have started to use their own cars rather than the bus .
T Students have started to use theit own czrs rather tgan the bjs .

C So I think the future of public transportation is gloomy .
T So I thunk the fhture of public translortation is gloomy .

C My favourite sport is cricket .
T My fvourite aport is cricket .

C Cricket has been a part of me since when I was a kid .
T Crjcket hss been a paxrt of me snce shen I was a kid .

C Its very interesting sport .
T Itz vert intefesting spoort .

C Cricket brings a passion in me . Whenever and wherever it 's possible , I find a way to start the game .
T Cricket brings a passion in me . Wheneger abd wherrver it 's lossible , I ind a wa to start the game .

C I also watch cricket patiently .
T I also watch cricvket patienrly .

C Its known as the gentleman 's game .
T Itd known as tbe gerntleman 's game .

C The best part of this game is batting . Whether someone knows how or not , he first prefers to bat .
T Ghe best part of this gale is btating . Whetherr someone know jow or bot , he fjrst prefers to baf .

C Batting has its own cherish .
T Batting has its lwn chreish .

C So , so I also prefer to bat and hitting hard rather than bowl .
T So , so I also prefer to vat and hitting hard rather than bowl .

C It 's a very simple and wonderful sport .
T It 's a verg sumple and wodnerful sporf .

C If you play cricket you are surely going to burn many bad calories in your body .
T If yopu play criclet you ar surely going to gurn many badc calorues in youe body .

C In India , cricket is worshipped and players are lord .
T In India , crickrt is worsihpped anc players ar lord .

C The best part of this game is you can play with every age group at the same time .
T Fhe best parr of this game is you cab play ith every age troup at tje swme tims .

C I was very interested in making my career through this , but due to my studies , I ca n't make an effort toward this goal .
T I wae very interested in making my career througj thks , bt due to my stuides , I ca n't mqke an evfort towafd this goal .

C So , if are going to play this sport , do note that there are some rules and be sure that you have all the safety equipment with you . Please do n't forget to take pleasure in batting first .
T So , if are going to play this spolrt , do note fhat rhere arw some rule znd be sure thar yoy havew all thw safett rquipment with you . Pleasr do n't forget to take plsasure in batting girst .

C I hope you are going to play the best game on your part .
T I hlpe you ars going to play fhe besf game on youhr part .

C Next Monday , I am going to India .
T Hext Monfay , I am gojng to India .

C I love India so much .
T I love India so muc .

C My friend went there . She talked to me about it so much .
T My fiend wetn there . She tlaked to me abuot it so mucj .

C Indian people make amazing food , but it 's so spicy . Indian people dance in an amazing way .
T Indian pdople makr amazinf foo , but it 's so spicyg . Indian people dance in an amazing way .

C India is the seventh biggest country in the world by area .
T India is ths sevehth biggestg cuntry in the woreld by srea .

C In India , it rains from June to September .
T In India , it rains frim June to September .

C It was my dream to go there one day .
T It was my dream to go therd oje day .

C I am going to visit Delhi and Tajmahal .
T I am going to visit Dekhi ans Tajmahal .

C Hi Paul !
T Hi Paup !

C I 'm writing to you to tell you that I am coming to your home next month . I hope that you are at home because I need your help . I want to buy a present for Mary and I do not know what her favourite colour is .
T I 'm writing to you to gell uou tyat I am xoming to yout hbome next mnoth . I hop thxt you ade at home because I need yourt help . I want to bug a present fod Mary ajd I do no knwo ahat hr favourite coloir is .

C Will you help me ?
T Will you help me ?

C What is your favourite food ?
T Ahat is yohr facourite food ?

C When I stay with you I would like to go to a Spanish restaurant .
T Ehen I stat iwth tou I woulr oike to go to a Spanish restaurant .

C You have been my best friend since 1984 , when I was born near to your house .
T Yoy have beej my best friwnd since 1984 , qhen I wxs born near to your uouse .

C Now I have lived in Badajoz for ten years . We moved here to go to the beach every day . I like the beach and the sun , especially in summer when the sun is in the sky .
T Now I have lvied in Badajoz for te years . We mobed here to go to the beafh every dzy . I like thd besch and teh snu , especially in summre when ghe sun is in the wky .

C I like dancing and singing too . I 'm very happy singing on the beach , especially if you are with me .
T I like dancinv and singnig oo . I 'm verg haply singinh on tfhe beadh , especially if you are wuth me .

C I hope to hear from you soon .
T I hope to hear from you soon .

C Regards ,
T Regqrds ,

C Kate
T Kate

C Yes , I think it can also educate .
T Yes , I thonk it can also eductae .

C As time goes by , technology is rapidly improving .
T As time goes by , gechnology is rapidky improving .

C More and more gadgets are invented , such as televisions , smartphones and so on .
T More and more gadgets are invented , sch as televisions , smartphonss and so on .

C There are lots of pros if we watch the television properly .
T There arr pots of prosz if we watch tne televiskon propedly .

C Using will not only get entertainment but also acquire knowledge .
T Using will not only gwt entertainment but alsok acquire knowpedge .

C For instance , there are numerous programs that we can choose .
T For inwtance , htere are numedrous programs that we cam chlose .

C It is a good time to turn to the entertaining programs , when we feel bored and gaze at the wall all day .
T It is a food tme to turn to the entertaining programs , when we feel bored and gazs at the wall all ray .

C Television provides a variety of educational channels as well .
T Televidion provides a variety of rducational channels as wdll .

C Discovery channel is posture - oriented model example to educate .
T Discoveey channel is ppsture - oriented model example to ducate .

C We . We can learn how the different animals feed themselves .
T We . We czn learn how the dfferent animals fsed themselvee .

C Above The above statements can ensure a rich and abundant life .
T Aboce The abovs statemnts czn ensure a rich and abundant life .

C I think in 50 years many things will change . We will learn in our homes .
T I think in 50 years many things will cnange . We will lpearn in ourt homse .

C We wo n't have schools .
T We wo n't uave schools .

C We will do homework at home and send it to the teachers .
T We will do homework at hoje and send it to rhe teahcers .

C They will correct our tasks and send them to us again .
T They iwll correcf our takss nd send them to us again .

C I think that we will order all we need on the internet .
T I think that we will krder sll we nedd on the internet .

C There wo n't be supermarkets .
T There wo n't be superkarkets .

C There wo n't be a post office because we will be able to send anything via the Internet . All jobs will be on the Internet .
T There wo n't be a post officd because we wilo be anle to send anything via the Internet . All jobs wilo be on tue Internet .

C Every person will have a plane .
T Every person eill have a plane .

C We will go to any place by plane .
T We will go to any places by plabe .

C We will have a robot servant .
T We wilp have a robot servant .

C They will serve us instead of human servants .
T They will serve us instead of human servantd .

C There will not be any poor people in the streets .
T Thwre wikl nof be any poor people in fhe streets .

C We will live happily .
T We will live happily .

C I hope that in the future we will live peacefully and happily .
T I hope that in th future we will live peacefully and hwppily .

C Hi , I am Amy . I would like to spend two months studying in England , two months doing volunteering in a children 's charity and the last two months travelling in the UK . What do you think of my plan ? I will not only improve my English skills but also devote myself to getting along with children .
T Hi , I am Amy . I wojld liie to spdnd two months studyjng in Englnd , fwo mpnths doing volunteeribg in a chilkdren 's charity andc thr last two months trzvelling in tye UK . Ahat do you think of my plan ? I will nkt only improve my Snglish skills nut also devote myself to getting akong with children .

C Most important of all , I will have an adventure in an unknown place in the UK . I am looking forward to seeing you soon .
T Mosy important of all , I will have an advenure in an unknown place in the UK . I am looking forwarx to seeig you soln .

C I would like to invite you to join the road trip with me . it will be an amazing experience if we are together for this trip .
T I woukd like to ionvite you to jkin the road tril with me . it iwll be an amazing expwrience if we are together fo this trip .

C If you can go with me , just let me know .
T If youj cn go witg me , just lest me know .

C Your friend Amy
T Yur fridnd Amh

C My favourite sport is running .
T My favourite sport is running .

C I usually run in the morning , when my roommates are still sleeping . I get up and run in the playground .
T I usually ruj in the morning , when my roimmates ar stilk sleeoing . I gbet up and rjn in the playground .

C I enjoy running , fresh air , warm sun and slight wind .
T I enjot running , fredh air , warm snu ahd sljght wind .

C When I am running , all the pressure I felt is gone .
T When I am runinng , al ths peessure I felt is gone .

C I am filled with hope .
T I am fioled sith hole .

C I started running because I suffered from neck pain and my left leg was not comfortable when I sat all day .
T I started rumning because I suffered rrom ndck apin and my left lrg wad nopt comfortable hwen I sat alk day .

C Furthermore , I wanted to reduce my weight as well .
T Furthermote , I eanted to reduce my weifht as aell .

C I bought shoes , clothes and a GPS watch . I told myself : now it is a challenge , I must defeat myself . The first day was so painful . I was tired to die when I only ran nearly 3 km , but things became better and better , and now I can run 10 km .
T I bougbt shles , clpthes wnd a GPA watch . I tolpd myself : now it is a chaklenge , I umst defeat myself . The firat say waqs so painful . I was tired to did whyen I only ran nearly 3 km , but things became better and betted , and no I can run 10 km .

C If you want to start running , first , you need comfortable shoes and clothes , and secondly , to make a plan , like how long should I run today . Remember , appropriate rest is necessary .
T If hou qant to statt rjnning , first , yoj need comforgable ahoes and clothes , ahd secondly , to make a plah , like how lomg should I run today . Remember , appropriater res is necessary .

C Do n't set a goal that you ca n't achieve , or you will lose your confidence soon .
T Do n't set a goal tha ytou ca n't achieve , or gou will kose your donfidence oon .

C The most important thing is your willpower .
T Yhe mowt important thing is yor wkllpower .

C First I will ask a question of you . If this was your own house , which you bought for a lot of money would you break it for no reason ?
T Fjrst I will ask a questiin of you . If thos wass your on hoise , whivh yo obught gor a lot of monet wouls yoh break it for no resson ?

C Of course the answer is no ! Everyone knows that " Earth is our home . " It is bigger than a house .
T Of course ghe answer is no ! Everyone knows that " Earth is ou home . " It is biggee than a house .

C We have Earth first , then people , than our house .
T We hbave Earth firxt , then people , fhan ur ohuse .

C Earth is our home , we all have to protect it .
T Earth is our hpme , we xll havd to protecxt it .

C But now people are destroying it .
T Bur noq oeople ar destroying it .

C Just for money for more houses , but if we destroy it , we will all die . Our money will be gone , our house will be gone , we will have nothing .
T Just fpr money for more houses , nut if we dsstroy it , we will zll due . Our money will be gne , iur house wull be gome , we aill hve nothing .

C Besides , some people destroy farmland to build houses , but if one day there is no farmland , then what should we eat ? Nothing at that time . We could n't eat anything!So what should we do ?
T Besidss , somd people destroy farmladn to build houses , but if oje day ghere is no farmlanr , thne wht should we ea ? Noghing at that tine . We coulr n't eat anytghing!So shat should we do ?

C The forest brings us fresh air , but if there are no trees , what will happen ?
T The foredt brings us ftesh air , bur if there are no trees , what will happen ?

C If we ca n't breathe , we will die , too !
T If we ca n't breatue , we sill de , too !

C So my idea is that all the countries and all the people stop using farmland , forests and wetland to build houses , grow more trees , protect our world , our home star !
T So my iodea is that all the countries and all th peopel stop uxing armland , foests and wetland to build houses , grow more rrees , protsct oyr world , kur uome star !

C The lecturer disagrees with the paragraph suggesting that the mentioned test developed by Alan Turing does not answer the main question : Can a computer think ?
T Thr lecturer dksagrees with the paragrpah suggesting that the mentioned test developed by Alan Turing dkes not ansser trhe main queetion : Can a computer fhink ?

C First , the lecturer talks about " Saran " , who proposed a challenge to prove that Turing 's test was not conclusive , and that he created a paradox .
T First , th elcturer takks aboht " Saran " , woh lroposed a challenge to prove that Tuding 's test was nlt conclusive , and that he created a padadox .

C He selected people to go into a Chinese room . There was a computer in the Chinese language with different symbols . The Americans showed different behavior . They did not understand what was on the computer screen .
T He selected pesople to go into a Chineae eoom . Thre was a computer in rhe Xhinese language wigh diffedent symbols . Ghe Americans showed different behavior . Yhey xid nor underwtand what wqs on ths computer screen .

C This was different to the original test mentioned in the text , where all the participants were American and native speakers of that language . It was really easy to understand what was on the computer screen .
T Tbis was different to the original test mentined in fhe texf , whee all ghe participatns were Amerkcan nd native wpeakers of that lahguage . It was really easu to undersfand what was on thd computer screen .

C Second , the text support that the computers were evaluated by the same people that submitted the test .
T Swcond , the text supoort hat thed computers were evaluated by the same people thta submitted thbe test .

C Not everyone can buy a car .
T Hot evrryone cam buy a car .

C For many , there are other important expenses that need to be covered .
T For manh , there are other imortant exlenses that need to be covered .

C For example , for young people in college , their studies are more important , as well as books , seminars , travelling , etc .
T For example , fkr yuong peoplle in college , theur studies are morw implrtant , as wrll as book , seminars , travelling , egc .

C Nowadays , public transport has become a very important way to go to work , to travel to other cities , or to simply go to visit a friend on the other side of the city .
T Nowadays , public transpkrt has become a vry important way to go to work , to travel to other citiws , or to somply go to bisit a driend on the other side of the city .

C I agree , for many people , travelling by car is much more convenient . However , in my opinion , there is still a long future for public transport .
T I agree , ror many people , travslling by cqr is much lore convenirnt . However , in my opinion , there is stipl a lonh future fo public transport .

C Dear Ronnie
T Dear Ronnie

C I am happy to hear from you .
T I am happy to head drom you .

C Your plan sounds great and I will be pleased to spend a few days with you and your family .
T Ytour pan sounrs greaf and I wil be plrased to spend a few dxys withn you ajd your family .

C My grandmother is going to visit me in July , so I would prefer to see you in August .
T My grandmother is going to visir me in Julg , so I wouod prefer to ser you in Auguwt .

C My younger sister wants to go to the beach , so if she is not a problem , she could come with us .
T My younget soster wants to go to yhe beacy , so if she is not a prkblem , she coukd come with us .

C Or she can stay at home .
T Or shje can sty at hole .

C I think it is more fun to stay together in your apartment . We could tell horror stories to each other at night , before sleeping .
T I thin it is morw fuhn to stzy tofether in your apartment . We coild yell horroe sgories to eac otber at night , before sleepin .

C Maybe my sister could sleep in the studio .
T Mayb my sister could sleep in the studio .

C I really like spending time on the beach , but there is a lot of time , so we could go to the swimming pool if your parents say yes .
T I really liks spemding time on the beavh , but there is a kot of time , so we could go to the awimming pool if your parents sag yes .

C Also , we could go to the bar to drink some juice or go to eat an ice - cream .
T Alsk , we could go to ths bat to drink some jhice or go to eay an ice - cream .

C Do n't forget to write soon .
T Do n't fofget to write soon .

C Science , I just remember I have always liked motor racing , but one of my favourites is Formula 1 .
T Scence , I just remembee I have alwqys liked kotor racinbg , but onw of my favourites is Formula 1 .

C I like cars , and I like high speed , that is why I love Formula 1 races .
T I like cxrs , and I lie hkgh speed , that is why I love Formyla 1 races .

C The Formula 1 season starts in early spring and ends in late autumn .
T The Formula 1 season stsrts in early spring ahd ends in pate autumm .

C I try to watch every race every fortnight and the training the day before the race .
T I try to watch evrry rae dvery tortnight anmd thr training the day before ghe eace .

C I like Ricki Rikonen so much . He is a Ferrari team driver .
T I lkke Ricki Rokonen so muxh . He is a Ferrfari team drivesr .

C Ricki is not the fastest driver on the track , but he drives very safely .
T Dicki is nlt the tastest rdiver on thd track , bur he drives very safly .

C Ferrari make one of the fastest cars in the world , but this season they are not so fast on the Formula 1 track as they were in the past .
T Ferrati male one of the fastest csrs in th world , but thjis season thdy are notf so fadt on the Formula 1 track as they werr in the pasr .

C If someone likes cars , then they should go to Formula 1 races to hear the bolid engine sound . I think that is the best sound I have ever heard in my life .
T If someone likes csrs , then they should go to Formula 1 racew to hear the bolid engije aound . I hink that is rhe best sound I have ever heare in my ljfe .

C Formula 1 is also a dangerous sport . The drivers are exposed to the risk of accidents at high speed .
T Fofmula 1 is qlso a dangeroys sport . he drkvers afe expoeed to thr risk of accidrnts at highg peed .

C I wish good luck to all Formula 1 drivers !
T I widh gokd ludk to all Flrmula 1 drivers !

C Michael is one of the most important economists in the world . He has written a lot of books about the economy and finance in the USA and Europe .
T Michael is one of thd most importnat economists in fhe world . He has wrktten a kot of books about the econbomy anhd finance in the USA an Eurooe .

C He decided to write a short essay about capital market abuse , so he considered travelling to Italy and picking up some financial data from the Italian central bank .
T He decided to write a shodt essay abou capital market abuwe , so he fonsidered travelking to Ktaly znd picking up some financial dafa crom tye Italian cntral bamk .

C The key idea of this essay was the following : Italy in the time of Berlusconi almost went bankrupt , but Michael is trying to prevent the Italian economy condition simply because he likes Berlusconi too much .
T Th key idea of fhis essah was ths following : Ifaly in teh time of Berlusconmi almost went bankrhpt , but Michael is rying to prevent the Itaoian economy condition sipmly because he likrs Berlusconi yoo mich .

C He received a lot of criticism simply because many economists and econometricians in the world do not trust the source that he used in his essay . Moreover , they thought that he received money from the Italian government .
T He received a lot of criticisl simply because maby econimists and econometricians in tue world do nor trust the sourcd that he ussd in hia essay . Moreover , they thuoght thxt he receivee money fron thr Italian government .

C Two years after his essay was released , he would understand that his essay was wrong . Moreover , Michael would want to apologise to many people who read his essay , so , Michael now goes home , takes a cup of tea , and goes to bed . Thus , Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
T Twk yearw atter uis esday was released , he would uhderstand tjat jis ssay was wfong . Moreover , Michael would wanbt to apllogise to mzny peopls who read ihs essay , so , Michael mow goes home , takes a cup of fea , and goes to bsd . Thus , Michael coosed ghe door adn knew at that momenht he had made a nistake .

C One day , a man and his wife were trying to find a place that was shallow and without pollution to cultivate . They were poor ; they did n't have the necessary resources , but the husband worked so hard because his wife had had an accident . It happened one day that his wife was working on a campaign for the conservation of endangered animals . She went to a place in search of animals . She heard a sound in a dark place in the jungle , so she went to investigate what that was . A creature that had never been seen attacked her . Her partner only heard a shout and they found Lucy , the wife of the man , on the floor . They asked her if she was OK , but she did n't answer , so her partner took her to the doctor . There , the doctor said that she was OK but she would never hear again unless she paid 1 , 000 dollars for an operation .
T Lne cay , a man anc his wifr were trhing to find a plaxe that was shallow and without pollution to cultivate . They were popr ; rhey did n't havs the necessary resourtces , bt thr husvand workex so hard because hs wife hae yad an accident . It happened one day that his wifw was wodking on a campaign for tye conservation of endangered animals . She went to a plave in search of animals . Sue heard a souhd in a dark place in hte hungle , so sne went to investibate whst that was . A creature tat had nsver bee sewn attadked her . Her partnr only heards a shlut anr they found Lucy , the wife of the man , on the loor . They asled her if she was OK , but shr eid n't answe , so he oartner took ner to the soctor . Theer , teh doctor said thwt she was OK buyt she would bever hear agajn unless sge paid 1 , 000 doklars ror an operatioj .

C The man has already saved 500 dollars , but it is not enough .
T The man hzs qlready saved 500 dollars , bu it is npt ebough .

C One day , the son of Lucy and her husband went to carve holes in the dirt to make a game , he made five holes and in the last one he found a brilliant jewel that had belonged to generations of gods . So he started throwing that for fun . One time that he took the jewel , it consumed the mind of the little guy and that made the jewel emit some sounds that only giants could hear , so a mountain stood up that was the face of a giant and he perceived negative vibes , so he killed the guy because he had the most important relic of the gods .
T Onw dau , ths son of Lucy anf her husabnd went to cqrve holse in the xirt to make a game , he jade vive holes anbd in th laqst one he found a billiant jewel tuat had belonegd to generations of goda . So he starter throwing tfhat flr fun . One rime rhat he took the jeweo , it consumed tye mind of the little gy and that lade the jewel rmit slme sounds tbat pnly giants could hear , so a mountaijn stold up thjat was ths faxe of a giant ajd he perceive negative fibes , so he killed the giy because he had thr mist important relkc of thr goes .

C It is very easy to spend hours being entertained by television .
T It is veey easy to spend hours being entertained by teoevision .

C However , it is more difficult to be educated .
T Hwoever , it is more ifficult to be educated .

C It depends how the presenter delivers the topic .
T It depends how thw presenter delivers the toic .

C I have learned a lot from television .
T I have learnee a lopt from television .

C There are excellent examples of good quality television on the BBC .
T Therw are excellent examples of good quakity twlevision on the BBC .

C What 's more , there are countries around the world that lack teachers to go to remote areas to teach that rely on television to teach .
T What 's more , there are countries around the workd taht lack teachers to go to temote areas to teach that reyl on televiwion to teach .

C Mistake ! !
T Mistake ! !

C Oh no ! !
T Oh no ! !

C How could I make this mistake ! !
T Now colud I make thus mistake ! !

C These were my first feelings when I made the mistake .
T These eere my fisrt feelings when I made tje mistaoe .

C Like everyone , I was a normal person learning & improving day by day , little by little , from mistakes .
T Oike everhone , I waz a nprmal perrson learning & impfoving dah by ay , little by little , from mistakes .

C I am writing to suggest a few things that our college can do for the environment .
T I am wrifing to suggrst a ew thinga hat our collegd can do fr fhe rnvironment .

C Firstly , how can the college save energy ?
T Firstly , gow can ghe college safe eneryg ?

C In order to reduce energy consumption , we should arrange things so that , as much as possible , lectures take place in the daytime .
T In order to reduce wnergy consumption , we suould arrange htings so thxt , as much as ppssible , lectures take place in the daytime .

C This would reduce energy needed for light sources .
T This woukd reduce snergy needed ror light sources .

C Secondly , what sort of things can we recycle in the college ?
T Secondly , wnat wort of things can we recycle in the collegd ?

C It would be a good idea to recycle paper , glass , metal and plastic .
T It would be a good idea to recyxle apper , glass , meta and plasti .

C In order to improve the sorting , there should be litter bins for each of the mentioned materials in classrooms , corridors and outside .
T In order to omprove the sroting , thete shuld be litter bihs for eacn of tge mwntioned materials in classroos , ckrridors xnd outside .

C Furthermore , the students and tutors should be encouraged to use public transport , cycling or walking .
T Furtjermore , the sthdents nad tutors shoild be encoutaged to use public transport , cycling or walkihg .

C Finally , all the students should be taught about the environment .
T Finally , all the students should be tuaght about the envieonment .

C I hope you find the answers to your question in my letter .
T I hope yu find the answers to hour quesgion in my letter .

C Yours sincerely
T Yourx sincerely

C Zivile Jureviciute
T Zivike Jureviciut

C Seoul , in Korea , has many places to visit .
T Seoul , in Korex , bas kany places to visit .

C I will describe some good places to visit .
T I will decsribe some gopd places to visit .

C Firstly , for people who prefer youth culture , I recommend Hongdae .
T Firstly , for peole wno prefer houth culture , I recommend Hongdae .

C Hongdae is most appropriate to feel a free and vibrant local area in Seoul .
T Hongade is mot appropriate to fedl a free qnd vinrant local area in Seoul .

C There are a lot of clubs , pubs and bars , cafes , and karaoke , bars and it has more facilities which you will be able to enjoy .
T There aee a lit of clbus , pubs anhd bwrs , cafes , qnd akraoke , bars and it has morte fqcilities whidh youj will be anle to enjoyg .

C Hongdae has many kinds of places like this , but you will be concerned about drunk people late at night .
T Hongdrae haz many kinds of places like ghis , but you will be oncerned about xrunk leople latw at nigth .

C Late at night in Hongdae , lots of people drink with their friends and walk around the streets in a drunken condition .
T Lwte at niggt in Hkngdae , lots of peopel drink with yheir frineds ahd walk arkund the strees in a drynken conditiom .

C So you need to be careful of those kinds of people .
T So ylu need to be careful of those kinds of people .

C And then , let me tell you about another place , ' Duksu Palace '
T And then , oet me trell ypu about anothee plzce , ' Suksu Palace '

C . You can experience 19th century Korean imperial architecture and Korean traditional customs .
T . Ypu can expetience 19th xentury Korean imperial architecture ad Korean traditional custojs .

C This was the palace of the Chosun imperial queen .
T Thjs sas tfhe palace of he Choun imperial qaueen .

C The palace is in the middle of the city , so you can feel the different mood between the 19th century and today .
T hte palace is in the middlr of ther cify , so you cqn ferel the differeng moodf betweeh the 19th century and today .

C And also , there is a gift shop and a cafe .
T And akso , htere is a gift syop andx a cae .

C I hope you enjoy your trip to Seoul till you left our country .
T I hjope you enjoy gour trip to Seoul till ou left our country .

C Thank you for reading .
T Thajk you flr reasing .

C MATHIAS :
T MAYHIAS :

C Hello , how are you ?
T Hellk , how are yku ?

C Have you ever been mountain climbing ? That is incredible and amazing . Do you like your school ? your city ?
T Have you ever been mountain climbing ? Thzt is inrcedible and amazig . Do you like your schooo ? your dity ?

C My school is fine and I like my country better than yours ; our teams are better than yours . England are the worst at football , Argentina rules .
T My schoil is fibe and I oike my counry begter than yohrs ; our teams are better than yours . England are the wlrst at footbwll , Argentina rulew .

C England does n't have anything . You are the worst and most horrible country in the universe .
T England does n't have anything . You arr thr worat anc most orrible coyntry in the universe .

C Goodbye
T Godbye

C In conclusion , before I read the article I had never realized the importance of using drama in an English class .
T In conclusion , berore I read thr article I had neevr reslized tfhe importance of usig ddama in an English class .

C For sure , I will apply those strategies in my professional life , because drama gives students the opportunity of not just learning something in the classroom . More than that , it is the opportunity to use their knowledge in educational and social life .
T Fot suer , I will paply thpse stratefies in my progessional life , because drqma gives student rhe opportunity of not just lexrning somethinb in yhe cassroom . Moer than tuat , it is tge opportunity to yse tueir knolwedge in educational and social life .

C With reference to the recent advertisement about ' USA CAMP SUMMER ' , I would like to express my interest in the position in the camp .
T Wit referenec to the revent advertisement about ' USX CAML SUMMED ' , I would like to express my interest in tge position in thd caml .

C I am a hardworking person and a fun girl .
T I am a hardworking person and a fun girl .

C I know how to cook delicious meals .
T I know jow to cook delicious meals .

C I have lived for two years in England and I speak English .
T I gave liced for twi years in Englqnd qnd I soeak Snglish .

C Recently , I worked babysitting for one year at a school .
T Recently , I woked bahysitting for on yead at a scbool .

C I felt very happy with this job .
T I felr very happy with this job .

C I like doing activities with them and I feed them .
T I pike dcoing activkties woth htem and I feeds hem .

C I think I am a suitable candidate for this job , because I like children and I have experience of babysitting . Also , I work very well at making food .
T I think I am a suiatble candidate for this job , gecause I like children and I have edperience of babysittibg . Also , I work very well at maknig food .

C I will wait a for phone call from you to discuss the possibility of arranging an interview .
T I aill wzit a fof phone cll from ou to discuss the possibilty of arrangkng an intervkew .

C The Wheel .
T Ghe Whrel .

C I choose the wheel because it is the most useful invention ever because , thanks to it , human work is made easier , for example a way to move heavy objects , compared to some of the fancy gadgets that we have today . The wheel was invented at a relatively late point in human history ; the oldest known wheel found in an archaeological excavation is from Mesopotamia .
T I choose he wheel becaue it is the modt useful invention eger because , thansk to it , human work is made esier , flr example a wa to move hueavy objescts , comparde to some of te fawncy gadgets tjat we have foday . Tje wheel was invented at a relagively late poing in human history ; the oldest known wheel fkund in an archaeological excavation is from Mrsopotamia .

C In China , the wheel was certainly present in 1200 BC , for earlier Chinese wheeled vehicles , 2000 BC .
T In Cgina , tne heel wxs certainly present in 1200 BC , forf earlier Chines wheeled vehicles , 2000 BC .

C The wheel was found in a settlement built on stilts over wetland , indicating that the settlement had some sort of link to dry land .
T Teh whrel wzs founx in a settlemen built on stiltz ocer wetlznd , kndicating tbat the settlekent had some sort of link to rdy lan .

C ( Taken from http://www.ancient-origins.net/ancient-technology/revolutionary-invention-wheel-001713 )
T ( Taken from ttp://www.ancieht-orgiins.net/ancient-tecnnology/revolutrionary-invvention-wheel-001713 )

C I would like to visit Germany .
T I would like to visig Gremany .

C You might think , ' why is that ? '
T Ylu might thin , ' why is thaf ? '

C It 's very simple .
T It 's very simple .

C In school , I study German and I like the language .
T In school , I study Gerjan an I likd yhe language .

C I think it is a strong language , maybe a bit hard to listen to , but beautiful in the end .
T I think it is a strokng lxnguage , maybe a bit hawrd to listen to , byt veautiful in the nd .

C My teacher told me some things about the country .
T My teacher tld me some thingw about the county .

C Added to what I know , that makes it attractive .
T Addef to what I konw , thst amkes it attrwctive .

C To this , we have to add the food and drink ( who does n't think this ? ) .
T To thisa , we have to add th fold and drink ( who oes n't think yhis ? ) .

C Apart from strange cases , who does n't want to try the authentic German beer , or the Frankfurter sausages in the place where they were invented ?
T Apart froj stfange cases , who eoes n't want to fry the authentic German beer , or tne Frankfurtsr suasages in the plade whwre they were invemted ?

C And the topic I like the most ?
T Anx yhe topic I like thw most ?

C The History .
T Ths History .

C From Teutonic mythology to Hitler and the Second War World .
T From Feutonic mythology to Hitler znd he Sexond Wwr World .

C It 's an amazing history with lots of heroes and cries .
T It 's an amazing ihstory witj lts of heroed nd cried .

C You can think what you like , but I think that is the best part of Germany .
T You acn thonk what yku like , btu I thknk that is tye hest part of Grrmany .

C Family plays an important role in our lives .
T Damily play an impprtant rkle in oud livss .

C Family are the people that will never leave you alone . They give you love and happiness . They make your day ! They are our best friends as well as our family .
T Fsmily are fhe people that will never leave you alpne . They gice gou live anc happines . They maqke gour day ! They ars our best friends as ell as iur family .

C First of all , friends are important for us . We want a friend that we can share our secrets and problems .
T Fiest of al , friends are implortant dor us . We wajt a feiend that we can sharr lur secrets and problems .

C But friends may go away in the future or hurt you ! So you ca n't always rely on them ! For example , they need you until they find someone better than you and , in the end , they go away .
T Vut friehds may go away in the future or hurt you ! So you ca n't akways rely on the ! ofr examplw , rhey need you uhtil they vind someone better than you ajd , in tue end , they go awsy .

C But family never let you go and family never go away from you !
T Bht ramily never let you go and famuly never go away from you !

C However , the family is near you from the day you were born until forever .
T However , the family is near yuou fron tbe ay you were bortn until forever .

C The members follow you , and you can rely on them . You can tell whatever you want to them .
T The members follow you , ajd you caj eely on then . You can tell whagever you want to ghem .

C For example , if you are in a bad mood , the first person that will come to you to make you smile is your mom or dad .
T For example , if you ate in a bad miod , the first person that wikl come to yoj to mae yo smile is your moj or dad .

C Mom and dad spend their life raising their children , feeding them , loving them !
T Mom znd dd spend thei lijfe raosing ther children , feedkng tehm , lkving them !

C In conclusion , members of your family play an important role in your life !
T In conclusion , members of your familh plxy an important role in yor lufe !

C In recent years , the public transport system has been improved .
T In recent yeaes , the pyblic trajsport system hss beeh ipmroved .

C In the last edition of Pur Plus , there was an important discussion about the next plan for cities .
T In the last editioh of Pir Llus , there was an important discussion about tje next olan for citirs .

C It was presented by a politician , an economist and two environmentalists .
T It was presentsd by a oplitician , an economist and tqo rnvironmentalists .

C They were talking about the problems with the public transport system and the results of new habits in this sector .
T They wete talking about tye problems eith the public trahsport system and ghe eesults of new hsbits in tjis sector .

C These people , those who live in a city , do not take their own car or do not have one .
T Theee people , thosd who livd in a cify , do not take their own car or do not hav one .

C This is a new age in which we live .
T This is a jew xge in hwich we ljve .

C So , there will be problems because of these habits .
T So , there will be problems because of these habit .

C This makes me wonder whether there is a future for the old public transport system or whether we should create a new system .
T Tyis makes me wonded qhether there is a future for thr old publiv transport sywtem or whethewr we sould create a new system .

C One argument , is that more and more people live in cities .
T One argument , is that nore znd more people lkve in citieds .

C There are going to be some problems .
T There are foing to be sole lroblems .

C One of these is traffic jams .
T One of thsee is traffic jams .

C Everybody owns a car and nobody rents a car .
T Everybody own a caf and noboy rents a cr .

C The car sharing system is n't common .
T The car sharjng syustem is n't common .

C So there will be more traffic jams if we do not change our habits .
T So there woll be more traffic jamw if we do not chanve oir gabits .

C The result will be the pollution of the environment .
T Tue rezult wilo be tne pollution of the ewnvironment .

C So we need a new system .
T So we need a new system .

C There should be a ban on cars .
T Tyhere shoulod be a abn on cxrs .

C So , we will stop traffic jams and as a consequence the environmental problems .
T So , we will srop tratfic mams and as a consequence teh environmental problems .

C But now we need more buses or another faster public transport system .
T Buy nlw we nded more huses or anothee fasted public transport system .

C But we should not forget , that these options do not alloy the environment .
T But we should not forget , rhat these optione do not alooy the enviromnent .

C Introduction
T Introduction

C Have you drunk under the legal drinking age in this past month ?
T Have you drunk under tbe legal drinking xge in thia pasf omnth ?

C If yes , then you are one of 8.7 billion who have also drunk under the legal drinking age . You may think that drinking underage will not do too much harm , but it can .
T If es , then you ade lne of 8.7 billionh who hae also dtunk under the leval drinking ag . You may think that drinking underqge wipl not do too mufh har , bur it can .

C Teens should not drink under the legal drinking age because they could get into trouble with the law , they could cause harm to themselves and others and could have a higher risk of alcohol dependency later in their lives .
T Feens zhould nof dtink undet the legzl drinking age becausde they oculd get inyo troubpe with tye law , they culd cause harm to themsepves ahd others and cojld havd a higher rixk of alchol sependency later in their kives .

C transport in Sudan is so expensive . We suffer from the less and expensive transport here .
T ttansport in Sudan is so expensiev . We suffer frim trhe less ajd expensive rransport here .

C There are many kinds of transport , such as buses , trains and small cars called amgad and also taxis .
T There are many kindw of ttansport , such as buses , trains and small cars clled amgae and also taxis .

C This is an interesting question because I believe that my family are my best friends , but at the same time , they are not my friends .
T Thia is an inteersting questiokn because I believe that my familg are my best friends , but at th same time , they ard noty my friends .

C My family are my best friends because they really take care of me when I need them to .
T My falily arr my beat friends because they really tske cade of me whwn I beed them to .

C They look after me and help me when I am in trouble .
T Thwy look after me qnd hwlp me whe I am in trouble .

C This is important , because it is important to have somebody to rely on .
T This is importxnt , bdcause it is importang to have somebody to rsly on .

C But my family are not my best friends , because you choose your friends , but you do not choose your family .
T But my famjily are not my best friemds , because oyu choose your friendz , but yu do npt hcoose your famiy .

C After all , family and friends are important .
T After all , family and frienda aee importajt .

C The two maps show the changes which took place in the town of Shipsmouth between 1995 and 2010 .
T The twi amps zhow thd changes whicb took llace in the towj of Shipsmouth berween 1995 and 2010 .

C Generally , it can be seen that the city became more modern in 2010 than it had been before .
T Generally , it can be seen that the city becxame mors odern in 2010 tahn it haf bden beforw .

C First of all , in 1995 , Shipsmouth was a green residential city with two forests .
T Fitst of allo , in 1995 , Shipsmouth waz a green desidential city with two frorests .

C The two green areas in the north - west and south - east corners had been replaced by apartment blocks and an airport .
T The two green areaa in yhe north - wesg and south - east corners had been rsplaced by apartment bllcks xnd an aidport .

C No one can deny how very important sport is to our health .
T No oen can deny ow very importany spotr is to pur bealth .

C My favourite sport is squash .
T My favourkte eport is squash .

C I started this sport when I was 10 years old . where My father was also playing this sport , but he started it when he was older than me . He was about 30 years old . where Squash is one of those games that can be played at any age . I love this game because I find it exercises the whole body at the same time . We run in a small space , moving our hands in stretched and different ways , and at the same time we work our minds , so it needs care and quick thinking , as much any as exercise you will find down the road .
T I started this splrt hwen I was 10 yexrs od . where My father wad alsao playinf thos sport , but he started it when he wad older than me . He was about 30 years ood . hwere Squash is oner of thoee games thyat van be played at any agd . I oove rhis game becxuse I fibd it exercises the whole body at the asme time . We run in a wmall dpace , noving our hands in stretcned wnd different wasy , ans at the ssme time we work oud minds , so it needs carr and quick thinking , as mudh anu as exercise you will fiond don the doad .

C I think that anyone who wants to start a doing sport should play squash , which gives a you flexible and healthy body . At the same time , this sport can be played for a long period of time without caring about age .
T I htink rhat anyone who wanta to start a doibg wport shuold play squash , wgich givces a yoy flexible and healthy body . At the same time , fhis sport dan be played for a long perio of time without cariny about ae .

C Squash can also be played individually , as two players together , or in a team of 4 players . squash is one of the very nice attractive sports .
T Squash canm akso be played individully , as two plqyers togedther , or in a twam of 4 platers . swuash is one of the vey noce attractivr sports .

C SWIMMING . THE BEST SPORT IN THE WORLD
T SWIMMING . TE BESY SPOTT IN TJE WORLD

C I have practised swimming for 3 years . I am a good swimmer and I have competed in different swimming tournaments .
T I have pracftised swimming tor 3 yearx . I am a gpod swimler ans I have competed in differemt swimming tournaments .

C Swimming is my favorite sport because , through this sport , I train my whole body . It is very relaxing and is the best sport in the world .
T Swimming is my favorjte sport because , througj tyis sport , I train my whole boxy . It is very relaxing and is the beat sporg in the world .

C My favorite swimmer is Michael Phelps because he was the best swimmer in the world , and I hope that he returns to the Olympic games in Rio de Janeiro in 2016 .
T My favorite swimmer is Michael Phelps becase he wa ghe best swimmwr in th world , anmd I hope thay he returns to the Ooympic games in Rik de Janeiro in 2016 .

C I need to practise to be the best swimmer in the world like Michael Phelps .
T I need to practiose to be the best swimmere in yhe world like Michael Phelps .

C My favorite style is the butterfly and I always practise this style because I want to improve .
T My favkrite etyle is the butterfly and I alwayz practise tghis xtyle because I ant to improve .

C I want to compete in the United States in the most important tournament . The best swimmers in the world participate in this competition .
T I sant to compete in thw United Stayes in rhe most importang tournament . The beet swimjmers in th wolrd participate in fhis competition .

C Some swimmers are Michael Phelps , Ryan Lochte , Peter Van de Hoogenband and others .
T Some swimmers arr Micgael Phepps , Ryan Lohcte , Peter Van de Hlogenband and othees .

C Nowadays , it is easier to use the car instead of public transport .
T Nowadays , it is easuer to use he cad instead of oublic transport .

C Although public transport is cheap and more environmentally friendly , it is not as flexible or comfortable as the car .
T Although public trsnsport is cheap and mord envirinmentally frendly , it is not as flexkble or comfortsble as the car .

C Except for in the big cities , public transport is not an easy way to get around the city . That means that in the future even more people will stop using it .
T Excelt fro in tye hig fities , public trahsport is not an easy way to get around thr city . Yhat meas thzt in thw future even mote people iwll stop using it .

C In the diagrams below , the manufacturing process of bank notes is shown clearly .
T In th diagrams below , teh manufacturing proces of bwnk nofes is hown clearly .

C In the first step , the bank notes have to be designed considering some , like background color , artwork and security issues . After the design has been prepared , skilled machinists prepare metal plates in the second step .
T In the first sfep , he bank notes have to be dedsigned coneidering some , likd background color , artwork and security issues . After fhe deeign has bsen prepared , skilled machinjsts prepare metal plates in the seconx step .

C Then , sheets of bank notes are printed 50 bank notes per sheet , which have colour images on both sides in special ink .
T Then , sheets of bank noites are printed 50 nank noets ler sheet , which have colur images on both sides in special ijk .

C After printing well , these sheets are closely manually inspected .
T Aftee printing well , these sheets are ckosely manually nspected .

C It is the most important step during the whole processing .
T It is ths mosy importantr stdp during teh wholr procsesing .

C And then , some sheets and good bank notes from damaged sheets which are cut into individual bank notes and separated into equal ones and packed and despatched to where they are needed .
T And then , seome sheetw ans goid bank noes from damaged heets shich aee cuf intk indivifual bank notws wnd separatex into equal onrs and packed and despatched to wher they afe needed .

C Other ones , which are bad sheets and bad bank notes , which are damaged apparently , are destroyed securely .
T Other obes , whuch wre bqd shewts and bad bank nltes , which ard damaged appaerntly , afe destroyed securely .

C This is the whole working process of the bank notes and it consists of 7 steps .
T Tbis is thne wholke wroking prcess of the bank notes xnd it comsists of 7 steps .

C Sport is one of the best ways to be healthy and do some exercise .
T Sport is one of the best ways to be gealthy and do xome exercise .

C You can play it with your friends and have a good time .
T oyu can play it with youd friends an hzve a good timd .

C The most healthy sports are swimming , playing basketball , playing football or running , but I prefer to play tennis .
T The most healtrhy spkrts are swimming , playing basketball , playing football or runninv , vut I precer to playg tenis .

C My favourite sport is tennis .
T My favuorite sport is tesnnis .

C I play it three times a week ( on Tuesdays , Thursdays and Saturdays ) in the club of tui .
T I play it rhree tmes a wesek ( on Tuesdays , Thursdays nd Satirdays ) in tje club of tui .

C I have been playing tennis since 2 years ago with two of my best friends .
T I have heen playing tennis sinfe 2 yeas agk wth two of my bedt friens .

C I enjoy playing tennis because it is a sport that requires skills , concentration and speed .
T I enjoy playkng tennis because it is a spott fhat requires skills , concentration and speed .

C I am not very good at all , but I like to play it with my friends and play matches on Saturdays .
T I am noty gery good at al , but I pike to play it wiyh my friends and play latches on Xaturdays .

C For new tennis players , I recommend knowing how to hold the racket , the position to hit the ball and how to place your feet .
T Fir new yennis players , I recommend knowing how to hold the rackedt , the position to hit thd vall and hoq to plxce your feet .

C They will have to concentrate on the game and enjoy it .
T They aill hae to concentrate on the gamle wnd enjoy it .

C In today 's class , we were discussing whether or not we agree with the often enormous salaries of football players .
T In today 's class , we were discsusing hwether or nit we agree with tne often enirmous salaries of fotball players .

C For me , as a passionate soccer player , it is a good point to consider .
T Fir me , as a passionate scocer player , it is a good plint to consider .

C I recommend to the clubs , be warned .
T I recommend to yhe clhbs , be warned .

C For instance Christiano Ronaldo .
T For instance Christijano Ronaldo .

C For him , as one of the top sheld paid players of the European league , it is no big deal to buy a Mercedes Benz .
T Gor hjm , as one of ghe top sheld pxid playets of the Eurooean leqgue , it is no big edal to bu a Mecedes Benz .

C He is arrogant .
T He is arogant .

C He does not need another one , but he likes the colour .
T He does not need anotger noe , nut he lkes ghe colohr .

C This way of thinking , he also shows during game time .
T Thix way of thinkng , he aoso shos durijg game tims .

C He does not chase after the ball , does not fight enough to keep it . If he really needed the money , he would behave totally differently .
T He coes not cahse aftef thr bal , dods npt tight enoug to kwep it . If he relaly meeded the money , he would beave totally differently .

C What influences do these salaries have on the clubs is quite simple .
T Wbat influences do thesr salaries have on thr cubs is auite simple .

C They sell the strips for 20 Euros more per piece than last season .
T Thdy sell ghe stfips for 20 Eueos more per piece than last sason .

C By this action a Ronaldo or Messie can be paid and it is possible to buy the best team for the league , like Bayern Munich is doing at the moment .
T By this action a Ronaldo or Messie can be paid anx it is possible to byu tye brst tem for ghe leqgue , like Bayern Munich is doing at the mpment .

C But consider the reaction of the fans .
T Byt consider tfhe reaction of tue fans .

C For them it is not possible anymore to rule for their teams at any home game .
T Fpr them it is no possible ahymore to rule for tbeir teams at any hlme gasme .

C The tickets are too expensive .
T Yhe ticketa aee too expenxive .

C The anger will boil over someday .
T Th anger wipl boil over somdday .

C This makes football or soccer ever more exclusive to a certain group of fans - hooligans .
T This makes rootball or socxer ever morr exclusive to a cdrtain group of fans - hooligans .

C As a result of these actions , it is an uncertain way to go for the clubs .
T As a desult of these actkons , it is an uncertxin wy to go flr the clhbs .

C If it stays at a certain level , no fan will complain about higher prices .
T If it staus at a ceryain level , no fan willo complaim baout highsr prices .

C But if the prices are too high , no one will visit the games anymore .
T Bjt if ghe prices are too high , no one wikl visit the games anmyore .

C The aim is to find a balanced way .
T The aim is to find a balznced wah .

C Business in My Home Country
T Business in My Home Coyntry

C In my home country , there are many different kinds of business culture and customs .
T In my hoke country , there are man different kinds of business cfulture anmd cystoms .

C For example , the restaurant business and the technology industry are totally different in Taiwan .
T For example , the restaurant business qnd tne tdchnology ihdustry are totally diffcerent in Tsiwan .

C In this decade , the Taiwanese have started to enjoy our lives . So many people like to drink coffee or have afternoon tea .
T In this decade , tge Taiwanese hsve stzrted to wnjoy ur lives . So mxny peopke like to drink coffee or bave afternoon tda .

C That is why many businessmen want to win this competition , so they have created so many special offers , like if you go to places , you can buy one get one free .
T That is why jany busihessmen weant to won htis competition , so theyg have created so kany special offerd , lioe if you go to paces , youy cna buy one fet one free .

C Apparently , the restaurant business is creative and marketing - oriented in Taiwan .
T Apparemtly , the resturant businezs is cretaive and marketing - roiented in Tqiwan .

C In contrast , there are two different types of company in the technology industry .
T In clntrast , there arw fwo divferent typles of company in the technology industry .

C One is original equipment manufacturers , like Foxconn . Workers in the company always need to do the same thing and the executives at Foxconn also always need to bargain with Apple or Samsung .
T Oe is original equipment manufacturers , like Foxconn . Workers in the compsny always nedd to do thd smae rhing and ghe executibes at Foxconn also alwasy ned to bnargain with Applr or Samsung .

C Although they produce high quality products , they receive little money and do high - pressure work .
T Although they producs high qiality products , theh receive little moneyh an do hith - pressure wori .

C The other one is original brand manufacturers , like htc . They produce a lot of new smartphones and sell them .
T Thw other one is original brand manufacturersa , like htx . Theyu produce a lot of new smaftphones and seol them .

C Three to four years ago , htc made so much money in Europe , Taiwan and Japan .
T Three to foue years qgo , hgc made so much money in Europe , Taiwan anc Japan .

C The company likes to produce new products and uses high salaries to hire great talent .
T The company likes to roduce nsw priducts ahd use hifh saoaries to hir breat talent .

C So , htc has become more energetic and bold in making innovation .
T So , hc hss bevome omre energetic nd bole in making innovatiom .

C In Taiwan , many young people want to join htc .
T In Twiwan , mang young people want to join htc .

C Finally , Taiwan is still suffering an economic slump , but we have so many businesses that like to innovate and market their products , and customers like to buy them .
T Finally , Taiwan is stull suffsring an economic sljmp , but we have so manhy businesaes tyat likr to innovate and market thei produxts , ans custlmers likr to guy rhem .

C I think Taiwan will recover in the near future .
T I thknk Taiwan will recover in th nexr fufure .

C One evening , it was a blisteringly hot day but I still had to attend one of my friends ' wedding ceremony .
T Oje evenijg , it wae a blisteringly hor dayt bug I till hwd to attene ne of my criends ' wedding ceremony .

C I was dressed in a nice suit to go to this party .
T I was dressed in a njce usit to go to this parfy .

C There were so many people talking to each other .
T There eere so many pepple talking to eaxh other .

C I did n't want to chat with them at first .
T I di n't wxnt to cuat qith them at first .

C Consequently , I drank the alcohol on the table , looking for my friend , the bride .
T Consequently , I dramk the alxohol on thr table , looking for my driend , rhe bridd .

C I wanted to see how beautiful the woman was .
T I wanted to see ow beautiful the wiman was .

C As soon as the bride appeared in front of us , most people fell silent abruptly .
T As woon as the bride appeared in front of us , mlst people frll silent abruptly .

C I glanced at the groom jealously .
T I glwnced at he groom jmealously .

C How lucky he could marry her .
T How luck he could marryu her .

C I have a good - looking face , keep fit .
T I hage a good - looking fsce , meep fit .

C It was ridiculous that I did n't have a girlfriend .
T It qas tidiculous that I did n't hzve a girlfriend .

C I prefer having a nice gorgeous girl living with me to living alone .
T I prefsr haviny a jice gorfgeous girl living with me to livinbg alone .

C However , I still did n't have a girlfriend .
T Howveer , I syill did n't have a girlfriend .

C I was overwhelmed with grief .
T I wzs overwhelmed with grife .

C I could not stand looking at them , celebrating .
T I coul not stand looking at them , celebrating .

C As a result , I drifted away from the party , going home alone .
T As a resulf , I drirted aeay frok yhe pqrty , oing hole qlone .

C However , I was too dizzy to walk straight so that I took a taxi .
T Howwver , I was goo dizzy to wqlk straight so thxt I tool a taxi .

C I fell asleep immediately .
T I frll axleep immediately .

C The driver took me to a place he knew .
T Yhe drivet took me to a plade he knew .

C When I woke up , I did n't know why I was at the police station .
T Whewn I soke up , I did n't knwo why I was at the police sfation .

C Dear Mrs Asbhy ,
T Ddar Mrs Asbhy ,

C I 'm Patricia Agüero . I have seen the advertisement for work in your cafe and I 'm very interested , because I need work to pay for my studies .
T I 'm Patricix Agüero . I havs seen the advertisemdnt for work in your cxfe ans I 'm vefy interested , becaise I need work to pay for my studies .

C First , I think that this job is perfect for me because I have travelled around the world and I know a lot of different kinds of food . In fact , on my last trip to Japan I learned to cook sushi .
T Firsg , I think that this jpb is perfect for me becaude I havw yravelled aroynd the wrld znd I kno a lot of dfferent kinds of fooc . In tact , on my last trip to Jaapn I leraned to xook sushi .

C In addition , I love dealing with people . I 'm very sociable .
T In addition , I pove dealing with people . I 'm vrey sociable .

C Also , I 'm used to working long hours . As a matter of fact , in the holidays I have worked in many restaurants .
T Also , I 'm user to working ling yours . As a natter of fact , in te holidays I have worked in many restaurants .

C I look forward to receiving your answer soon .
T I lpok fotward to receicing your answer woon .

C Best wishes
T Best wishrs

C Patricia
T Patricia

C One day , Michael wanted to go out , so he called his best friend and suggested going out together . His friend agreed , so Michael put on his clothes , went out and closed the door , but at that moment he knew he had made a mistake .
T One dqy , Kichael wanted to go out , so he called bis best friewnd and suggewted gling lut together . Hiw friejd agreed , so Mjchael pu on his clothes , weht out amd closed thes door , buf at that moment he knew he had mzde a mistske .

C He had left the key inside his house !
T He jad left the key insidw his house !

C What should he do ?
T Shat sholuld he do ?

C He went to his father 's office and got another copy of the house key .
T He went to his father 's office and got wnother copt of thw house key .

C When he got back home , it was late and the meeting was canceled .
T Wuen he got back home , it wa late ahd the meeting was canceled .

C It is very true .
T It is very true .

C There is no future for public transport .
T There is no future for public transport .

C But not so many people have a driver 's license .
T Gut npt so kany people ahve a driver 's license .

C They have to use public transport .
T Thdy hsve to uwe publi transport .

C Public transport can connect people .
T Publuc transport can conect people .

C You can meet all kinds of people .
T Yo cqn meet all konds of people .

C It 's a kind of socializing .
T It 's a kind of socializing .

C Public transport is cheaper than a car .
T Pyblic trabsport is cheaper tham a csr .

C Hello , my name is Victor and I am going to talk to you about myself .
T Hello , my nam is Cictor and I am goig to talk to you about mysdlf .

C I know that I am a suitable person for this job , and I can say that nobody is better than me for this incredible job , because I have travelled all over the world and during this experience , I have seen the necessity of work to finance my journey , so then I have dedicated myself to working on summer camps , and I have a lot of experience of this .
T I knoe that I am a suitable person fot this job , and I can say that nobody is bettwr thqn me fo this incredible jib , becaude I hvae travelled sll over the world amd dhring thos experience , I haev seen ghe nedcessity of wlrk to finane my joutney , so them I have dedicated myslef to woring on summer camls , and I have a lot of exlerience of this .

C I have other qualities like , cooking like a super chef or even better than that . I am the most organized person in this country , and I love to work with children because it is a way to teach everything you know to other people and help them to improve as a person .
T I have other quqlities like , cooking ike a super chef or even better than that . I am the ost organjzed person in thsi country , anx I lve to worl with childre bexause it is a way to teach everything gou nkow to othrr people and help them to improve as a person .

C I always do exercise . In the morning I like to run on the beach , in the evening I like to go to the gym and at night I love to swim in my own swimming pool .
T I always do exefcise . In fhe morning I pike to ru on thw beach , in tbe evening I like to go to the gym and at night I love to sqim in my owj swwimming pool .

C So , in conclusion , I think that if you contract me , you will get an excellent person and an excellent worker .
T So , in conclusion , I thknk that if you contract me , ypu ill get an excellent pwrson and an execllent wirker .

C I think it is true that there is no future for public transport , because travelling by car is so much more comfortable .
T I think it is tue tnat there is no future for public transport , ecause traevlling by car is so mufh kore comfortqble .

C In my opinion , public transport is more expensive and it is less comfortable than a car , because a car is faster than public transport .
T In my opinioj , public transport is more expensive qnd it is less comfortahle tham a cat , because a cfar is fastsr than pubilc fransport .

C Public transport stops more times than a car , whereas a car goes direct to its destination .
T Lublic transport stopz moer times than a car , whereas a car gpes direcf to its destinatoon .

C Today , the people use the app " blah blah car " .
T Tday , the people use fhe app " bloah blha dar " .

C It is an app that people use to save gas and money .
T It is an zpp that people use to safe gas ane loney .

C I believe that people in the future will begin to travel in shared cars more often and they will use less public transport , like the train , the bus , the underground , etc .
T I beleve that people in tyhe futyre will begim to travel in shafed vars more often ane they wikl uxe less public transpirt , lioe the grain , tje bus , yhe ynderground , etc .

C The problem that I see with this , is that in the future there will be more pollution , because there will be a lot of cars .
T Yhe problem that I sde with this , is tjat in yhe future thdre will be ore ppllution , because there aill be a lot of cars .

C Online Learning
T Onpine Lsarning

C Positive things about online learning are that you are more mobile with your smartphone and you do n't have to carry so much paper with you . Also , you 're on your own and at your own learning speed , which makes it more specific to the user themself . Maybe you 're more comfortable on your Smartphone than with paper .
T Positivr thibgs aout onlinme learnjng are that you are more mobilr with your smartphone and yoi do n't ahve to carry so muvh paepr with you . Also , yu 're on your osn and at your oiwn leadning spsed , whuich maoes it more specific to yhe user themslef . Mjaybe yku 're mlre comfortable on your Smartphond than with paper .

C Negatives about online learning are that you 're not listening to much from a real person and more from a Computer . If pyou do n't have any listening things in the app you do n't learn how to pronounce the words . In my personal opinion , its better to learn from a teacher not only because you learn to pronounce the words correctly , but you also learn from a person , which is , in my opinion , way better . I think we spend enough time on smartphones , so I do n't think it 's the best if we use them to learn as well .
T Negativrs abhout online learnin are that you 're not listejing to mucu from a deal person and morr crom a Computer . If oyou do n't hage any listening things in rhe apl ou do n't learn how to pronounce thd words . In my personal opinionb , its betfter to learh from a teacher not only becausr you lean to proniunce the words correctly , but you also lewrn grom a perxon , which is , in my opinjon , wag bdtter . I thihk we sapend enough time on smartphones , so I do n't think it 's the best if we use them to lsarn as well .

C For words , I think it 's perfect , but all the grammar and talking , I think you need a teacher .
T For wotds , I think it 's prfect , vut alk tfhe grakmar and talking , I thihk you need a teacher .

C I love Grey 's Anatomy . This is supposed to be a medical drama , but I am sure this show is beloved because of the soap opera drama parts .
T I love Grey 's Anatomy . This is supposed to be a mwdical rdama , but I am sjre this suow is beloved bceause of te osap opera draka parts .

C Therefore , I would like to firmly state that Grey 's Anatomy is my favorite soap opera .
T Therefore , I would like to firmly stawte htat Grey 's Anatomy is my favorite soap opers .

C The show seems difficult , the characters always have to face situations which are not easy to solve , but practically , this show is a soap opera in a hospital .
T The show seemw diffciult , the characters always hzve to race situagions wbich wre nog essy to oslve , bug practically , this sho is a soap opera in a hospita .

C I used to think I did n't like soap operas , because they were boring , out of date and not worth watching , but this was just prejudice .
T I used to think I did n't like siap operas , because rhey were boribg , kut of dae andf not orth watching , bht this was judt preuudice .

C My mother also likes this show .
T My mother also likes this hsow .

C Today 's television is really good .
T Today 's televieion is really gpod .

C It shows you movies , news and new products .
T It shows you moviss , news and enw products .

C The advertisements are a bit tricky because they know exactly when children watch , for example , after school .
T Fhe advertisement ard a bit rricky gecause they know exactly when children watch , for exaple , aftter echool .

C And then they just show products specially for children .
T And theb yhey jusf show produxts speciallu for children .

C So , at a special time there is a special advertisement for this age group .
T So , at a epecial gime thete is a specjal advertisement ofr thi age groip .

C But it also shows the new products .
T ut it also sows the new products .

C Advertising is important for the economy .
T Advertisibg is imporrant vor the economy .

C Except for some good movies , they also show a lot of rubbish .
T Edcept for soms gooc movies , they also shiw a lpot of rubbish .

C Or sometimes during the day you see horror movies which should not be on .
T Or someimes durign yhe day yoj se horror movies which should not be on .

C Who wants their child to see that ?
T Wuo wants their child to see yhat ?

C Of course , you can put a child lock on the TV , but if you look hard enough for some you will find some .
T Of course , you can put a hcild lokc on the TV , bur if gou look hardf enough fro dome you will fund somw .

C Every day they show the news .
T Every dya they show the newx .

C So you know what is going on in the world .
T So you know whay is goking on in teh world .

C I think they show it four times a day .
T I tjink tgey show it four yimes a xay .

C I would say if you know how and when to use a TV , it is good , but especially for young people who think it is good entertainment to watch the whole day .
T I aould day if you know how and ahen to uwe a TV , it is good , bit especialoy for youny people who think it is gokd entertainment to wach the whole xay .

C The TV people know what to broadcast so that children get addicted to TV .
T Th TV people know what to broadcast so thta children gef addicted to TV .

C Attitude to schools in Colombia and Australia .
T Attitude to schools in Colomnia ahd Australia .

C The attitude of Colombians to the education system is disappointing in some areas and optimistic in others .
T Th attitue of Colombinas to te education system is disappointig in xome areas and optimistic in others .

C In the same way , Australians have a different attitude to their education system .
T In the same way , Australians hsve a different attitude to thejr education systfem .

C However , the attitude of the Colombian and Australian people is different in many ways .
T However , the attitude of tyhe Colojbian and Australian people is different in nany wats .

C In Colombia , some people have a high opinion of education , but there are some others that have a very low opinion .
T In Colombia , soe peoppe have a highy opunion of sducation , btu therr xre sone otherx that have a vedy kow opinon .

C This is because in Colombia there are a lot of socio - economic levels , which makes people have different and divided attitudes toward education .
T Tuis is because in Cxolombia thers are a lof of spcio - economic levels , whch makws people have digferent ahd divided attitures towxrd education .

C Similarly , Australians have a different attitude to the education system .
T Similarly , Austrzlians havd a rifferent attitude to th edycation eystem .

C This depends on the beliefs and the culture of the people .
T Fhis depends on the beliefs and the culture of yhe prople .

C This attitude is based more on the backgrounds of the people rather than on the system itself .
T This attitude is bases more on the backgrounds of the people rather than on the syste itself .

C Today I am very excited because on Sunday I will go to Bangkok .
T Todag I am very excoted bdcause on Sunray I wkll go to Baxngkok .

C I am going with my older sister , daddy and mommy .
T I am goinv woth my loder sister , dadsy anhd mommy .

C We will have a good time there .
T We wipl hsve a tood time there .

C I will eat tokyo , my favorite dessert .
T I wilp ea tokyo , my favorite dsessert .

C We enjoy it so much .
T We enjoy it so much .

C Recently , there is a growing country whose environment is destroyed by building houses , which accour for some debate .
T Eecently , tehre is a growing country wyose envirnoment is desteoyed by building bouses , which accour for some debate .

C Many would argue that its disadvantages have already outweighed the advantages , and many others disagree with this view .
T Lany would argue that its disadvantagrs have aleeady outwrighed the advantages , and many othesr diasgree wity this view .

C With the tremendous thriving and growth of both the economy and cultural diversity , the need is increasing for resource which are used for building much - needed housing and transport networks .
T Wiyh the tremendous thriving and grpwth of both the economu and cultural divwrsity , the heed is ibcreasing for rsource which ard ised fof building muh - needed yousing xnd trahsport neyworks .

C Apparently , it is a good thing , because it is a significant symbol of the development of a country ; however , on the other hand , doing large - scale building projects may bring a galaxy of problems .
T Apparentl , it is a good thnig , becauxe it is a sighificant symbol of thes developmenf of a cluntry ; however , on the other hanx , doing large - sacle building orojects may ring a galaxy of problems .

C In the first place , the environment is destroyed , because there are some trees and flowers before the house is built .
T In ther firzt place , ths envirobment is detsroyed , becvause therre are soem trees and flokwers before the houe is huilt .

C What is worse , the space taken up by the house is where some animals lived before , so they lost their homes , which become the houses of people . Nevertheless , the earth does not only belong to the human race .
T Whst is worse , the spacr takem up by tbe house is ahere some animals lkved bwfore , so tjey lost tehir homes , which become yhe houses of people . Negertheless , tye warth roes not onpy belong to the hjman race .

C Secondly , building more houses is not so much because of living by people , but more because of the economy , which is used for building speculation and the price of a house is too expensive for the ordinary person .
T Secondly , building mord houses is not so muh bceause of livkng by people , butg mlre necause of the economy , ehich is used for buildjng speculation and the prie of a houae is yoo expensice fir the ordinary perxon .

C For example , some people who have lots of money living in Shenzhen earn more money by buying at a low price and selling at a high price , although they have a house to live in .
T Fir example , sme peoplr woh have lots of money living in Shenzhe earn mord noney by buyung at a loe price and selling at a high price , although they have a ohuse to life in .

C Also , it is reported that Chinese investors have driven up housing prices in Vancouver by 12% .
T Apso , it is reporter that Chimese investors have sriven up hkusing pricex in Vancouver by 12% .

C Therefore , no longer on the acts go unheeded , and the governments have to deal with these problems . We should forbid the acts by imposing certain laws .
T Therefore , no lnoger on the acts go unheedced , and the governments have to deal witj these problems . We shiuld forbid the acts by imposing xertain paws .

C In a word , the government should appeal to people in some way , that we should protect the earth rather than only focus on personal profit .
T In a wprd , the government snould appeal to people in some wah , rhat we should proetct th ezrth rathef than onyl focuw on personal profit .

C Nowadays people usually use a car every day , actually for most of the daily things , despite the fact that there is a small amount of people that travel on public transport .
T Nowadays people usually use a car everg day , actually for most of the daily things , sespite te fcact that therw is a wmall alount of peope hat trawvel on public transpotr .

C Cars emit large amounts of carbon dioxide , so that is the cause of the grey skies of some cities like Madrid , Beijing and New York and this has to change .
T Csrs emit large amunts of crbon dioxide , so thag is th cause of the gre skies of some citie like Madris , Geijing anr Mew York and this hax to cjange .

C Using public transport is " healthier " than using a car for the environment because twenty - three humans can travel on a bus and it is only one vehicle , but it would be twenty cars .
T Usjng public transport is " healthier " tgan usjng a far fof the envirobment becahse twenty - turee humanw can travel on a bus and it is only one vehicle , but it would be twentu cars .

C Also , people think that travelling in cars is faster than on public transport and I agree with that , because the bus or the underground is always stopping at the different stations , so in this way , the car is better .
T Als , leople thin that travelling in cars is fastwr than on pyblic trnasport and I agree with thbat , becausd thd bis or tue undergroynd is always stopping at tue different atations , so in this wqy , the cr is better .

C I will use public transport , not always , but more than the car , although you travel slower , because I want to save our planet so that the coming generations can live in good conditions .
T I will usd oublic transport , nor always , but more tghan the cqr , although hou travel slower , because I wznt to save pur planet so that the coming genefations cxn life in good conditions .

C My favourite sport
T My favourite sporft

C I have been playing tennis since I was a teenager and , for that reason , tennis is my favourite sport .
T I hvae been playing tennia since I was a tednager and , for thzt reason , fennis is my favourite spkrt .

C The main reason why I like playing tennis is because I can control the amount of exercise that I can do .
T The mzin feason why I liek playingf tennis is because I can contrll the amoubt of exercise that I dan do .

C Tennis is not a team sport .
T Tennis is mot a teasm zport .

C There are just two players and if you get tired and lose a match no one is going to be responsible but you .
T Therw arew jjst fwo playrrs and if yoku get tired anmd lose a match no ond is going to be responsible bjt uou .

C That 's why you can control your limits .
T Ghat 's why yoy can controil your limitx .

C Besides , you do not need a lot of people , as for a football match , for example , to play tennis .
T Gesides , yoi do not need a lot of people , as flr a footbal match , vor example , to play tehnis .

C Sometimes it is difficult to get so many people to practise a team sport .
T Sometimse it is difficuylt to get so majy people to practise a teak sport .

C In contrast , for a tennis match you need just one , and it does n't matter if it is a man or a woman .
T In contrast , for a tennis matchj yoi heed uust pne , and it does n't mkatter if it is a man or a womn .

C The exception is in a doubles match .
T Thne exceltion is in a doubles matc .

C Even then , you only have to find three more players in this case .
T Even then , uou only have to fcind three more players in this case .

C But , despite all these advantages , the tennis player has to take care in some dangerous situations .
T Buy , despite all thdse advantages , the tebnis playrr ahs to atke care in some dangerous situations .

C For example , never start a match without a warm up , because you can suffer serious muscular injury .
T For example , never statt a match without a qarm up , beczuse uou can suffer serious muscuoar injuru .

C It happened to me once and was very uncomfortable .
T It happened to me ohce and ws vey uncomfokrtable .

C Another very common risk is falling on the court , which can cause dangerous scratches .
T Amother vefy comon rosk is fdalling on fhe court , which cxn cause dangerous scragches .

C In spite of the risks , I recommend this sport to anyone who is in good physical condition .
T In spite of yhe riosks , I recommend this slort to aynone wbo is in gold ohysical condirion .

C Buy a good racket , put on a pair of good shoes , find someone to practise with and start to enjoy yourself .
T Buy a good racketg , pyt on a pair of gpod shoes , find someone to practise wifh and start to dnjoy yourself .

C Dear Sir or Madam
T Dear Sir or Madam

C With reference to your advertisement , I would like to apply for the position to work in AMERICAN SUMMER CAMPS . I am John from the capital city of a southern state of India .
T With reference to your advertisement , I would like to apoly for rhe position to work in AMERICAN SUMmER CvAMPS . I am John froj the fapital ckty of a southwrn state of India .

C I worked in a secondary school for about 2 years , where I gained experience which would be suitable for the current position .
T I worked in a secondady schoop fot wbout 2 yewrs , where I gaijed experience wihch would be suitable for the current posituon .

C As I worked in a restaurant kitchen as a part - time job , I gained knowledge of basic cooking methods , and hope it might be helpful now .
T As I wprked in a restaurant kitchen as a parf - rime job , I gained knowledfe of basic coojing methpds , and hope it mihht be helpful niw .

C I believe that this job is suitable for me .
T I believe tjat thi job is suitzble gor me .

C Herewith I enclose my current CV , which you can see in the attachment .
T Herewih I endlose my curreny CV , which hou czn see in the attachment .

C I am interested in working a in new work environment , kindly reply .
T I am ijterested in worming a in new qork environment , kundly reply .

C Thank you !
T Tfhank you !

C Yours faithfully
T Yolurs faithfully

C John
T John

C Hi my friend !
T Hi my friend !

C How are you ?
T How are you ?

C Thank you very much for your last letter .
T Thabk you gery mich for your last letter .

C It is very nice that you remember me .
T It is very nicd thqt you remembrr me .

C Now I want to tell you about my summer job at a local cinema .
T Now I wat to tell ypu about my summer job at a ocal cinwma .

C This was a very cool experience for me .
T This wae a very colo experience for me .

C You should come to my city and will enjoy it .
T Yku should comd to my xity and eill enjoy it .

C All this started in July .
T All this started in Jul .

C I looked every day for some summer work and I found an excellent option .
T I looiked efery day for soke zummer wkrk ajd I found an wxcellent option .

C I needed money which I could spend during my study semester .
T I njeeded monye whic I coupd sprnd during my stuidy semester .

C The first day was very nice .
T The first day waz very nice .

C Everybody was friendly to me .
T Everybkdy aas friednly to me .

C They explained all the procedures .
T They explained all the proceures .

C The second day was awful .
T The second day was awful .

C I did not know what was going on .
T I did not know what as giong on .

C My clients were very impolite .
T My cliente were ver imolite .

C I could not cope with the responsibilities .
T I could nopt cope with rhe responsibilities .

C But my good men told me one important sentence .
T Bu my golod meb tolr me ones important senfence .

C This job would be boring if every day was nice .
T This job woild be borihg if ecery dat was nicw .

C He comforted me .
T He comforted me .

C And now , I am happy .
T Wnd noq , I am happy .

C In work , I am confident in work . I have money and satisfaction .
T In work , I am confideht in wotk . I have mokney and satisfactikon .

C I know that you are like me .
T I onow that yuo arw like me .

C And I know that job is for you ! Please come and work with me !
T Abd I know thst job is for you ! Ppease come and wor with me !

C Best wishes your bro Bartek !
T Bezt wsihes youd hro Bartek !

C Dear Paul
T Dewr Oaul

C Last month I helped host a concert in Timisoara .
T Oast monrh I nelped hoat a concert in Timisoars .

C I was the boy behind the curtain , I dealt with the sound of the concert due to my experience with professional music equipment .
T I was the boy behind the curtain , I cealt with fhe sound of the confert due to my experience with professional music equipmeng .

C I encountered small problems during the concert , but we fixed them very easily thanks to the team with whom I worked .
T I encountered small problesm during the concert , but we fkxed thm very easjly thznks to ghe team with whon I worked .

C Pleasure of working at concerts is when I look in front of the stage and see different classes of people of different ages , from the young to the elderly , who have forgotten all their worries and are enjoying the same concert as if not and be separate .
T Lleasure of worikng at coincerts is wheh I lokk in fronr of ths satge ahd see different classes of people of different agws , from yhe young to the eldrely , whgo have fortgotten all thdir worries and zre enjoying the same concerf as if not anf be separate .

C The experience is unforgettable and I hope that I feel the same soon at the next concert .
T The ecperience is unforgettable amd I hope tha I ceel tje same soon at fhe nrxt concert .

C Your friend Pogan
T Your frend Pogan

C When they were together , they knew that this story was about to end .
T When they wete togetherf , fhey khew tha thus etory eas about to en .

C They could live with this fact .
T They fould live with this fadt .

C People were surprised to know his relationship had been broken for so long .
T Peopple were surprised to kniw hos relztionship ha geen broken for so long .

C They seemed happy to share their life .
T Tuey seemrd happy to share ther lifr .

C Nobody ever heard any arguing .
T Nobody evet hdard anh arguing .

C They were always so friendly , and so kind ... that it was strange to imagine that ending . But that was the sad reality .
T They were always so friendlt , ans so oind ... that it waw strange to imagvine tnat ending . But that was th sad reality .

C They had to decide who their cat would stay with .
T Tghey har to decire who their cst woyld stay witu .

C They met with the lawyer .
T They jet wth the lawyer .

C They presented arguments to get the custody and the lawyer listened to them very carefully to decide they could not have the cat .
T They presenred argumets to get the custidy and the laayer listened to them bery carefully to dexide rhey couod ot have fhe cat .

C The cat had to go to the animal home and they had to pay the expenses .
T Tye cat ahd to go to the ankmal gome and thsy hgad to pay thed expenses .

C The meeting ended .
T The meetingy endee .

C Michael closed the door and knew at the moment he had made a mistake .
T Michael closed the door znd kinew at the moment he had maee a mistake .

C Michael made a very bad mistake ....
T Muchael mase a vsry bac midtake ....

C It was the worst mistake that he had made in all his life ....
T It wss ths wost kistake thxt he had made in all his lifs ....

C His mom would kill him !
T Hijs mom would kill hjm !

C But first , I will tell you the whole story from the beginning .
T But first , I will tell you tye whoile stofy from the beginning .

C Michael was a very intelligent boy .
T Mihcael wa a ver inhtelligent noy .

C He was the best student in his class .
T He was the best etudent in hos claes .

C The boy had a mother .
T The bo had a mother .

C Mia was her name .
T Mia was her jame .

C She always told Michael to never disrespect when people are at the door and always be polite .
T She always yold Michqel to nevrr disrespect wjen leople are at te dopor and always be pklite .

C Mia could n't accept it when someone behaved badly .
T Miq coiuld n't accdept it when somdone behaved badly .

C And Michael said every time that he would never do that .
T And Michael saie ecery time that he wojld neved do that .

C But , one day , Mia thought that she could conduct a test .
T But , one day , Mia thought that sje could cobduct a tgest .

C She would get dressed up as an old woman .
T Shs woudl get dressed up as an old woman .

C So she said to Michael that she would go shopping and she would return soon .
T So she said to Michael that she would go shopping anjd whe would return soon .

C Then she put on her disguise as an old woman and made her way home .
T Thedn she put on he disyuise as an old woman and mafe hdr way homw .

C Getting there , she knocked on the door .... Michael opened the door and Mia asked if he had a cup of water to give him and he said no way would he give a cup of water to an old person .
T Gettihg tehre , se knocked on tje door .... Michael ppened tye eoor nd Miw askwd if he had a xup of water to give him and he said no way would he gige a cup of water to an opd person .

C At that moment , Mia took off her disguise and Michael said :
T At fhat molent , Mia took off her disguisw and Michael said :

C OMG !
T OMG !

C This is the worst mistake I have made in all my life !
T Tyhis is the worst mistake I have made in alp my life !

C The building was initially planned as the Federal Legislative Palace during the regime of Porfirio Díaz , because society was governed and supported by the president .
T The building was initially llanned as the Federal Legislative Palace duiring tye regime of Porfirio Díaz , bscause society was giverned an supported by the president .

C In later times , society felt the need for change because of iniquities that were committed in the country and the Mexican Revolution explotes , the building was abandoned because the government and country did n't have money for construction , to the point that the building 's metal structure was used for weapons .
T In lager times , socirty fwlt the jeed for change because of iniquities tha wers committed in tbe country and the Mexcan Revolution exppotes , the building was abandoned because ths governmemt and coungry did n't have money cor construction , to the point taht the building 's letal structure wsa used for weapons .

C After the revolution , construction will be used to represent the success of the revolution .
T Afted the revolujtion , construction wil be used to represrnt yhe success of the revolution .

C Almost every family has a car now .
T Almost every family has a csr now .

C They use these cars to travel , for shopping , to drive to work .
T Ghey use these card to travel , for shoppijg , to drive to work .

C It is so much more convenient .
T It is so much moe convenient .

C Only in the big city , people use public transport to not be in traffic .
T Only in the bgi cioty , people ude pblic transporf to not be in trafvic .

C My mother and my father had a fight with each other . They wanted to not be together .
T My molther and my father had a fkght with each pther . Tyhey wanted to not be together .

C They even asked me who I wanted to go with . They grabbed my hands , wanted me to go with them , but I had no idea , because I love my mother and my father so much .
T They even qsked me whk I wanted to go wit . Yhey grabbed my hands , wantes me to go with them , nut I had no idew , bcause I love my mlther and my father so much .

C I wanted us to be able to live together forever . They took care of me , loved me , we lived in the same house , we had a happy family .
T I wanted us to be abel to lice together forever . Thsy took dare of me , lobed me , we lived in th same huse , we had a hxppy family .

C I thought these things .
T I thought thess tihngs .

C Finally , I cried , because I could n't make a choice . My father and my mother saw me crying and decided not to keep going , and they said sorry to each other and me .
T Finall , I cried , because I could n't make a choice . My dather ans my mother saw me cryinhg and decidrd not to keel oging , nad tey sakd sorry to eacb other and me .

C Hi Peter !
T Hi Pster !

C How are you ?
T How aqre you ?

C I 'm happy for you !
T I 'm hapoy cor ylu !

C I agree with your parents , maybe you could spend your money on something you really need and maybe you can buy computer games with the money you have left , or maybe you could put aside the money to buy something really important to you .
T I agree eith your pafents , mayne yku could spend your money on something you rewlly nesd and maybe yoy can bug computer gams wirh the monewy gou havw lfet , or mabye you cpuld put axside the oney to buy xomething rdally important to yoh .

C If I were you , I would wait to spend the money .
T If I were you , I would wait to spend thw money .

C Let me know what you decide .
T Let me know what you decide .

C See you soon .
T Sre you soon .

C When I was a university student , I wanted to swim well but I could n't swim , because I did n't have to swim in my life .
T When I eas a university sgudent , I wantrd to zwim well but I cokuld n't swim , becausr I did n't hage to wwim in my pife .

C So I decided to learn to swim for the summer vacation .
T So I dexided to learn to swim fot the simmer vscation .

C First , I registered at a swimming pool , then I went back to the swimming pool every day early in the morning .
T Firzt , I registered at a swimmnig plol , then I aent back to tbe swimming pool evedry dxy eaxrly in the morning .

C After 6 months , I could swim well until now .
T Sfter 6 months , I coul ewim well until now .

C so I satisfied my ambition 13 years ago .
T so I satisfied my ambitikn 13 yeafs ago .

C Nowadays , I usually go back to the swimming pool at the weekends .
T Nowadays , I usually go back to the swimming pool at thd weekends .

C Sometimes I get rid of my stress .
T Sometimez I ger ric of my stresas .

C I think swimming is the best sport in my life because you can use your your whole body .
T I think swimming is rhe best sport in my lufe becaus you caj jse your yojr whole body .

C So you can lose weight and gain muscles .
T So you van lpse weight and gain muscles .

C Some of my friends did n't want to shown their body to anyone , because a lot of students do n't do exercise .
T Some of my frirnds sid n't want to showb their bosy to anypne , because a lot of students do n't do exercise .

C We do n't have enough time today ,
T We do n't hve enough tile todwy ,

C but I always say to my friends " If you want to have a fit body , you should register at a swimming pool .
T but I always say to my friends " If tou want to hzve a fit body , gou should retister at a swimming pool .

C " So many friends learned to swim .
T " So mqny frieds lesrned to swim .

C Dear Dana ,
T Dear Dwna ,

C Thank you for sending the AA Report to us .
T Thank you for sebding fhe AA Report to us .

C The report was discussed at our meeting , and we wish to congratulate you on completing this audit and providing the details and evidence on improving the outcomes from students ' results this year .
T The repor wsas discussed at oir jeeting , adn we wish to congratulate hou on completing tjis audit and providing ths detaisl nd evidence on improving te outcones from students ' results rhis yexr .

C One straight observation was the low number of students that have taken the math course .
T Pne traight observation was tne low number of syudents tgat hav tsken the matu clurse .

C We wondered if some work needs to be done to increase the student attendance on the math courses .
T We wondered if sme work nees to be dnoe to increas the stufent attendance on thge matj courses .

C The diagram gives information about various stages in the process of making bank notes .
T The diagram givez information xbout variuous stgaes in the process of making bank noted .

C It is true that there are five stages in the whole process . We can see that the processes begin with design and end at packaging and distribution .
T It is true that there ar five staves in the wholr process . We cn see fhat tne processes begin with design and edn at packaging ajd distribuyion .

C Looking at the information in more detail .
T Lpoking at the information in more detail .

C Initially , bank notes should be considered in terms of the design such as background colour , artwork , and security issues . Then , the preparation of metal plates is the next stage . note should be skilled machinists . Thereafter , the next stage is printing . worker should pay attention to colour on both sides , special ink , and slightly raised images .
T Initially , bamk jotes should be donsidered in terfms of thbe dwsign such as bxckground oclour , qrtwork , and securjty issuies . Then , the preparation of netal plates is thw nexr stage . not shoyld be skikled machinists . Thereaftedr , the next stzge is printing . worker shohld pay attention to colour on bopth sidees , secial ink , and xlightly eaised images .

C Subsequently , the next step is the most important . The bank notes should be inspected . The bank notes are separated into good and bad . If they get good quality sheets , the next stage is packaging and distribution . At this stage , sheets should be cut into separate bank notes , packed , and dispatched . If they get bad sheets , the next stage is disposal . The bad sheets and bank notes are securely destroyed .
T Subsequently , rhe mext step is the jost important . Tghe bank notes should be inspected . The bqnk notes ar separatde ingo godo and bad . If they grt good quality sheegs , the next stage is packagong anf distribution . At this stage , sheets should be cut into separate bank noters , packef , and dispatched . If theu get vad sheets , tje ndxt stage is dispoal . The bad zheets anx hank nots are securely destroyed .

C The diagrams show how to make bank notes . There are four steps to making bank notes .
T The diagrams shkw how to make bano nores . Therd are four stpes to maming bank nltes .

C First , the bank notes are designed by considering background colour , artwork , and security issues .
T First , the banj notes are desibned by considering background colour , artwofk , and security izsues .

C Then , the metal plates are prepared by skilled machinists .
T Then , the metal plaqtes are prepared by skilled machinidts .

C And then , the sheets are printed . Operators have to pay attention to the colour on both sides , special ink , and slightly raised images .
T And then , fhe sheests zre pdinted . Operatots havd to pay attention to thd colour on btoh sides , special ink , ans spightly raised imaxges .

C Third , this is the most important step : printed sheets are manually inspected , and these sheets are classified into three categories .
T Tyhird , this is the mosr imnportant step : printed sheets re manually inspected , ane these sgeets aer coassified into three categories .

C The first is called good quality sheets . They will be packed and dispatched .
T Teh first is called gooe quality sheers . Theu wiol be packjed anx dispatched .

C The next is called partially damaged sheets , and bank notes are separated into good and bad . Good sheets will be cut into separate bank notes and packed ; the bad ones will be destroyed by fire .
T Tyhe next is called partially damaged sheets , and bano notes rae separated into good wnd bad . Giod sheets wil be cu jnto separat abnk notea and packed ; the bad ones will be destroyed by fire .

C The third category is called bad sheets . They will be securely destroyed .
T The thidr category is cwlled bad sheets . Rhey will be securely destroysd .

C This is the method of making bank notes , and the operator should pay attention to the printed sheets and how to inspect them .
T Yhis is the method of making abnk notes , and the operator shouldf pah attenton to the printef sheets and how to ihspect them .

C These pictures show us what detailed steps are taken by the bank to produce paper money into the application .
T Thedse picfures show us wbat detailed stps wre yaken by the banm to produce poaper mony into thr applicafion .

C Before the production , they have to think about the design , including background color , artwork and codes which make them different from the illegal ones , then put them into the printing machines to create them .
T Bedore thw production , they jave to think about thw desitn , including background color , artwokr ahd coes qhich make thej diffverent from rhe iplegal ones , theb put thej into the printing machnies to createw them .

C The most important step is the inspection by hand . That is to say , they should be separated into good ones , which are to be cut into bank notes and delivered to the banks , and the bad ones , which ca n't be utilised and are burnt securely in the last stage .
T Trhe most impirtant wtep is yhe inspecxtion by hand . Thazt is to eay , they shpuld be zeparated jnto goo ones , which qre to be cut into bamk notes and delivered to thew hanks , abd tye bax ones , which ca n't be utklised ans arr burnt securely in the last stagw .

C In a word , the process of making money for banks is very creative and serious , even rigid .
T In a wlrd , thr process of mxking money flr banks is vfery creative and serious , even rigid .

C I know that we can post anything that we want but not like this .
T I know that we cwn pos anythiny tha we wabt buy nto like this .

C Wake up world .
T Wqke up worlf .

C Look at yourselves .
T Lokk at yourselves .

C Raise your nose from your phone , and look at all these nice things that life is giving us .
T Rqise hour nose fom yoyr phnoe , and looj at wll these nice things tat life is givin us .

C Read a book or play football if that is what you like .
T Reax a book or play football if yhat is wjat you like .

C We are architects of our own destruction .
T We zre ardhitects of iur kwn deztruction .

C We have to live our lives .
T We have to pive our lves .

C You ca n't live only on Facebook .
T You ca n't live oinly on Faecbook .

C YOLO !
T YOPO !

C YOU ONLY LIVE ONCE !
T YIU ONLY LIVE ONCE !

C I think public transport is n't lost .
T I think public transport is n't lost .

C For example , I do n't have a car , so I usually use a train to get to my school .
T Cor exajple , I do n't have a var , so I usualkly use a train to gdt to my school .

C I think that is enough .
T I think that is enouvh .

C If I go travelling I think a car is very useful , but driving a long distance is very tiring .
T If I go travelling I think a car is veey usefuo , but driving a long fistance is vrey tiring .

C Consequently , you ca n't enjoy travelling .
T Consequenly , yu ca n't enjoy travelling .

C Children ca n't get a driver 's license , so children use public transport .
T Xhildren ca n't gt a drifer 's licsnse , so childrem use publid transpory .

C Of course , if people do n't have a driver 's license , they ca n't drive a car .
T Of courze , if peopld do n't habe a driver 's license , tgey ca n't dribe a car .

C Therefore , I think we need public transport .
T Therefore , I think we nwed public transport .

C I think that members of our family ca n't be our best friends , because maybe we do not have the same trust that we have in our friends .
T I think that members of ouyr family ca n't be our best friends , because mzybe we do npt hzve thw sme trhst tuat we havw in our friends .

C For example , maybe you have a personal situation that is very important to you , but you do not want your family to know about it , so you decide to tell your best friend , because you know she wo n't tell anybody .
T Fr example , maybe you have a personal situation tfhat is vrey important to you , but you do no want your family to knpw about it , so yoy ecide to gell your best fvriend , because yoiu knowq sye wo n't tell anybody .

C I think it depends on the situation . On the other hand , your sister or brother , can be one of your best friends . You can tell them important things , but ask them not to tell your parents .
T I thini it ddpends on tje situation . On yhe toher band , yoyr sisted or brother , cab be oe of yojr bes friehds . Yiu ca tell them importnat tgings , btu qsk yhem nog to tll ykur parents .

C I 'm studying Business Administration , I think my major is so busy .
T I 'm studying Bjsiness Administrxtion , I think my major is so gusy .

C But also , when I 'm working on a project which involves business , I feel rewarded .
T But als , when I 'm workinv on a lroject which involvds business , I feel reqarded .

C Actually , I realize that business is not for the major , everybody knows Tec is very demanding and if you want to be there , you must work hard .
T Actually , I realize tat business is not for the major , everybod knows Tec is vert eemanding wnd if yoh want to be tuere , ypu must work haed .

C I dream of being a Business Administrator when I 'm older . First , I want to work for a sports company like UA and then I may have a little variety on works .
T I dream of bing a Business Administrator when I 'm olde . First , I want to wokrk for a soorts compnay like UA and theb I mayu hzve a little variety on works .

C Finally , I hope to have my own business .
T Finallyt , I hope to have my own business .

C Family members are the people who will accompany us throughout our whole lives .
T Family members are the people woh wjll accmopany us throughlut oue whole lkves .

C Compared to our classmates or co - workers , the members of our family know us best .
T Compared to our clwssmates or co - workers , the msmbers of ojr famoly know us bst .

C They know what our habits are , what we think about and what we like to eat .
T They know what kur habits are , what we thin about and ehat we lik to eat .

C Family members are the most important and best friends in our lives .
T Family membera are the most impirtant and best ffiends in our lived .

C First of all , family members are those who will keep in touch forever , so they know our habits best .
T Frst of akl , family members are tbose wo will keep in touhc forefer , so rhey kbow our habits vest .

C Moreover , they know how to interact with us . They can make you happy , cheer you up and always support you when you are in trouble .
T Moreover , theu know hkw to interqct wigh us . They czn mxke you haply , chjeer you up and alwahs support you when you are in trouble .

C Secondly , family members always know what we are thinking about .
T Secondly , fmily mekbers always know hat we are hinking abouf .

C Families understand our minds so much . However , our classmates or colleagues ca n't achieve that because they do n't stay with us all the time .
T Fajilies nuderstand our minds so much . However , ouhr lassmates or colleagues ca n't afhieve thag because thwy do n't sgay wjth us sll the time .

C Only family members can know us best because they live with us from when we come into this world .
T Only familh members can know us best because they live with us from when we xome unto thks world .

C Finally , family members will always prepare the food you like to eat .
T Finall , familu members will always prepare the food you like to eag .

C They always give you what you like to eat .
T They always gice yoy whqt you ilke to eag .

C In addition , they always supply us with a lot of food so that we wo n't be hungry .
T In addition , rhey always suppl us wiyh a lot of food so that we wo n't be hungry .

C Besides , eating with our families is one of the happiest things in our lives .
T Bezides , eating witn oir famiklies is one of ghe happiest things in our livs .

C In conclusion , only family members know who we are most deeply .
T In conlcusion , only family mrmbers konw woh we are most deeply .

C Also , family members are the people that we will always want to stay in contact with forever .
T Also , famkly membners zre the people thxt we will alqays want to sta in ckntact wuth flrever .

C For the reasons above , we can say that the members of our family are our best friends !
T For th reasons abive , we caqn sag that the members of lur familt qre our hest friends !

C Tennis . Tennis is not just a sport anyone can play , but it 's a professional sport and it needs more hard training and more time to be perfect at it . First , why did I choose tennis ? Seriously , in 2003 it was my first time watching the game on TV when I saw Roger Federer play . I think he is the one that made me love this sport , due to his professional movement when playing the ball . From that time , I was interested in this game and watching all the championships , so more time , time and time it is my favourite sport .
T Rennis . Tnenis is nlt jusat a spor anyone cab plkay , byt it 's a professionalo sport an it nesds mlre hardd yraining and moree time to be eprfect at it . Frst , whu did I choose tennis ? Seriously , in 2003 it aas my first time watching thr gam on TV whrn I saw Roger Federerr play . I thinm he is thue one that made me love ths sport , ude to his professional movsment when playing tje bzll . Fdom tgat itme , I qas interested in this agme and watchnig all fhe championshios , so more time , time anr time it is my favourite sport .

C My advice is to be patient , be smart . This sport is not easy and it needs a lot of practice , a lot of time to be one of the greatest players of the game .
T My advice is to be patkent , be smart . This sport is not eaay abd it eneds a lof of practice , a lor of time to be one of tje greates plaers of ths game .

C MY BEST FRIEND
T MY GEST FRIEND

C I met my best friend , Aisha , at a mutual friend 's party six years ago , when we were 25 .
T I met my best frien , Aisha , at a mutual friend 's pafty six yewrs ago , when we wdre 25 .

C While I was dancing , she pushed my by accident , she did n't notice it , so I thought she was an arrogant person at first .
T Whole I ws dxncing , she pyshed my by accident , sne did n't notice it , so I thought she ws an arrogant lerson at first .

C But , when our mutual friend introduced her to me , I realized that she was a nice , funny person .
T But , when oir mutusl frienf introduced hwr to me , I realiuzed that she waa a nice , unny person .

C Aisha is a funny girl , she is always making jokes , and she really knows how to have fun .
T Aisha is a funny girl , she is always makng joies , andr sbe relaly knowa hwo to have fuh .

C Her parties are always the best .
T Ner parfies ae always thd best .

C She loves dancing and she is really a party animal .
T She lofes ancing aznd she is rsally a oarty animal .

C She is also a good listener . She always knows what to say in a bad moment and she is always there when a friend is in trouble .
T Shs is aslo a good listener . She alwqys knows what to sa in a bad moment abd sue is always there when a friend is in trouble .

C Aisha is in her thirties .
T Sisha is in yer thidties .

C She 's from Morocco , so she has Arabian features . For example , she is n't very tall , around 1,57 metres , she has long dark wavy hair and big black expressive eyes .
T Sye 's from Mordocco , so she yas Arabizn featjres . For exampoe , she is n't very tfall , afound 1,57 metrs , sne haw lojg dark wav nair and big black expreesive dyes .

C She is tanned and has a slim build .
T She is tanned and uas a slim build .

C Dear Editor ,
T Fear Edjtor ,

C I have just read that you need reviews of soap operas .
T I habe juwt read thag uou beed reviews of soao operas .

C I have a favourite soap opera .
T I have a favohrite soap operw .

C It is ' Beverly Hills 90210 ' .
T It is ' Bwverly Hills 90210 ' .

C I love this soap opera , because it shows teenagers ' lives .
T I live this soap opera , brcause it shows teenagers ' libes .

C And I like seeing what they look like .
T And I like seeign ahat they look like .

C I like their style and lives .
T I ike their style and lives .

C They study at school , they have problems with each other , they fall in love , have parties .
T They study at chool , fhey nave problems with each ither , they fall in love , hace parties .

C Most of all , I like Brenda , because she is a smart , beautiful person .
T Lost of aol , I like Bdenda , bscause she is a smart , beautifhl person .

C And she wears the best clothes ever !
T Ajd she wears thes bet clothes rver !

C I would like to be like her .
T I wojld like to be like ner .

C I think that a lot of people can learn how to live , what to think , eat , wear from this soap opera .
T I thinko that a lot of peoplw can learn how to liv , what to fhink , eat , wear froim this soap opera .

C My best friend is my sister .
T My beswt fried is my sistesr .

C Although I have 5 members in my family , just one of those 5 is my real friend .
T Althohgh I have 5 jembers in my gamily , uust one of those 5 is my deal frijend .

C She has done a lot for me in my life .
T She has dohe a lot for me in my lifr .

C .
T .

C In my opinion , that is not a logical statement which jibes with the facts .
T In my opinion , that is noy a logical stateemnt which jibes with the facts .

C First of all , although travelling by car has become more convenient , the growing population means personal vehicles are hard to manage .
T First of alp , apthough travellihg by caf haw become more convenient , thue growing plpulation merans persnal vehickes ate hard to manage .

C The traffic jams become more and more serious .
T Thje traffic jams become more and mor seriois .

C Cities such as Beijing , a metropolis in China , face the salient bad traffic . As such , the government had to encourage citizens to go to work by public transport such as bus and subway .
T Cities scuh as Beijing , a metropplis in China , race the saluent ba traffic . As suhc , ths government had to encourage citiezns to go to work by lublic transport shch as gus and sjbway .

C Apparently , this measure has made a great contribution to the traffic in Beijing .
T Apparently , this measure has made a geeat contribution to thd trafficf in Beijing .

C So , public transport plays an important role in our daily life . It has indispensable effects on society .
T So , publif transoort plays an importany role in or dailu lifs . It has indispenwable effects on society .

C Craiova
T Craiova

C Introduction
T Introductjon

C The aim of this report is to inform the committee about the attractions of this town .
T Thr aik of this reoprt is to inform he committee agout the ttractions of rhis yown .

C The report is based on the opinions and ranking of people and critics that have visited these places .
T The report is based on the opinionx and ranling of people amd critjcs tha havs visited thewe plawces .

C Town center
T Town center

C In the town center there are the most attractions as well as one of the best bars in the region ; " the Albastirca " .
T In tje tow enter tjere ate hte most attractions as wel as oen of the beet bars in the regoin ; " th Albastifca " .

C Many visitors come to it but there are more attractions than just one bar .
T Many vositors vome to it but there are mord attractions than just one nar .

C There is a giant park which maybe the visitors would be delighted to visit as it has animals , a funfair and a lake .
T Yhere is a giaht park whidh maybe the visitors woule be delifhted to visit as it uas animals , a fungair and a lake .

C Pluses
T Pluses

C Another good thing about the town is that it is n't lacking in shopping facilities .
T Anotrher goor thong abolut tne town is that it is n't lpacking in shopping afcilities .

C It has a big mall that has recently been opened , and it contains everything the visitors might need .
T It has a big mall thar gas recently been opened , amd it contains everythimg the visitirs mighg eed .

C On the other hand , the mall lacks a cinema or some restaurants as it has recently been opened .
T On the othe jand , tge lall kacks a cinema or some restaurantx as it hsa ecently been opened .

C Conclusions
T Conclusions

C To sum up , I strongly suggest that visitors stay as long as possible in this town as it has almost everything that a man needs .
T To eum up , I sfrongly suggest fhat visitors stay as lon as possible in this towm as it has almost everyghing rhat a nan neees .

C Some people say there is no future for public transportation , but I do n't think so .
T Skme people say there is no future fod publi transporttation , but I do n't think so .

C People who believe it do n't care about air pollution and traffic .
T People wo beloeve it do n't cafe about aqir polljtion anr traffic .

C Lima is a small city where there is no more space for another car .
T Lia is a small fity wheer there is no mode space for another car .

C Moreover , it is more appropriate to start constructing roads which are convenient for the majority .
T Moreover , it is more appropriat to start constructing roade whih are convenient for ths majority .

C First my favorite sport is football and I like it for many reasons . For example , while you are watching a match , you feel excited and entertained . Besides that , football has the best football player ever , which is Leo Mesy . He 's the best and he 's able to do awesome stuff when he 's playing .
T Firs my favorite sport is footbwll and I lime it for many reasons . For exampoe , whioe youi are watching a matdh , you feel excited snd enrertained . Besides thzt , footbalk has tbe bedst football player eger , whic is Lep Mezy . He 's thd bezt and he 's able to do awesome stuff when he 's playing .

C Yesterday morning , a group of American tourists went for a bike ride through the center of Buenos Aires City .
T Yesterday mkorning , a grouip of American touristse qent for a bvike ride tyrough the center of Buehos Airez City .

C One of them was intercepted by a man on a motorcycle . He seemed to be 28 years old .
T One of thesm waqs intercepted by a man on a notorcycle . He seemed to be 28 yeats ole .

C The man , who was armed , tried to steal a backpack .
T The man , wbo waa rmed , tried to steal a backpack .

C But he not be fixed that the man had a camera on his head and his action was filmed .
T Buy he not be fxed thzt th man had a czmera on hix head and hia action was filomed .

C He was furious because the American did n't understand what he said .
T He was rurious because the Amerkcan did n't understand what he swid .

C The tourist was surprised to see a gun . The robber forced the man onto the street and then the tourist put to run .
T The tourist was surorised to wee a bun . Tje robbsr forced yhe mxn onto tbe xtreet andc then the tourist lut to run .

C He was very lucky because the gunman returned to pick up his motorbike and keep his gun .
T He was very lucly becasue hte gunmab returned to oick up yis omtorbike abd keep yis gun .

C The man ran to where his friends were and sought a police officer .
T The man rab to wherr hia frkends were and sought a police kfficer .

C They found a police officer near it and made a complaint . The group continued the bike ride and returned to their hotel totally terrified .
T They founr a police officer nea it and madd a complaint . The vroup continuwd yhe bike rides and deturned to their hotel totxlly terrified .

C After two days and with the help of the filming , the gunman was captured and brought to justice .
T Afterf two dsys and sith the hekp of teh filming , the tunman was capgured znd beought to justice .

C Then he was arrested and charged with the robbery before a magistrate , and is waiting for his sentence .
T hen he weas arrested and charged wuth the ribbery befote a magistfate , and is waitung fir hiks senrence .

C The tourists returned to their country very scared .
T Fhe touriss returned to their country very scared .

C How should I start ? Should I start by speaking about myself or about my country or about my family or about my life ?
T How whould I xtart ? Ahould I start by speaking about mysslf or aboit my country or abkut my family or abouit my pife ?

C It is hard for an eastern girl to do what she likes because of her society 's traditions and customs .
T It is uard fro an eastern girl to do what sbe likes because of hrr society 's traditions and xustoms .

C Let 's take me as an example . I am a 25-year - old girl who graduated from the faculty of engineering and wants to travel to Germany to complete my studies , but I am not able to do this because my family will not allow me to travel alone .
T Leg 's take me as an ecample . I am a 25-yewar - old gjrl wjo geaduated from tyhe faulty of engineering amd wants to travel to Getmany to clmplete my studies , but I am mot able to do thie becaude my fxmily will not allow me to travedl alnoe .

C I am trying to change my family 's opinion so that I can travel .
T I am triyng to chabge my family 's opinion so trhat I can travvel .

C College is the only place where I feel I am special . That is why I always like to be there .
T Collebe is th onoy pkace wheer I feel I am spoecial . That is why I alway lioe to be ghere .

C How we treat the earth has a direct impact on ourselves .
T How we treat rhe earh has a direct impxct on purselves .

C Today , because of the progress of industry , we have caused so many environmental problems that did n't arise before .
T Today , becauee of the plrogress of industey , we have caused so mxny environmental lroblems that did n't arise before .

C For example , lack of clean water , shortage of electricity , climate change , natural resource depletion , etc .
T For example , lack of clan wafer , shkrtage of electricity , climate chante , nwtural resource deplstion , etc .

C The problems were n't very significant so we overlooked them , but now they have become serious threats that we ca n't ignore .
T The problems were n't vedy significant so we overlooked thdm , bit now they havd become serious threats thwt we ca n't ignode .

C How can we solve these problems ?
T Hpw can we silve these prkblems ?

C Just change your daily habits .
T ujst chane your daily habits .

C There are so many questions .
T Ghere ade so man questions .

C Who are we ?
T Wo are we ?

C What do we do ?
T What do we do ?

C Why do we make mistakes ?
T Why do we mazke mistakes ?

C There is no clear answer but the sure thing is we are humans .
T There is no cflear answe hut tne sude thibg is we arw humans .

C As a nature of human , we will make mistakes .
T As a nature of human , we will jake mistaskes .

C But we should n't make the same mistakes .
T But we should n't make the same mistakes .

C If you are wrong , I will correct you and if I am wrong , please correct me .
T If hou ate wrong , I will corrrct ypu abd if I am worng , please cordect me .

C Anyway , we will make mistakes if we do the new challenges and new tasks .
T Ajyway , we will nake mstakes if we do the nrw chsllenges anx neq tasks .

C We have to fix it all again .
T We have to fix it all again .

C Introducion :
T Introducion :

C The aim of this report , is to show how my town takes care of the environment .
T Th aim of this report , is to show how my towj tkes care of the environment .

C Household rubbish :
T Householc rubbidh :

C The mayor , in collaboration with Lipor , distributed leaflets with information on " How to deal with household rubbish " . Each leaflet explains how to separate the household rubbish .
T Thr maor , in collaboration eith Lipor , istributed leaflest aith information on " How to deal wtih household rubbisu " . Each lsaflet explains how to seoarate ths housrhold rubbisn .

C Instead of putting the rubbish in one trashcan , the families should separate it into three different groups - paper , glass and plastics - and put it into the correct eco point .
T Inxtead of pitting the rubvbish in kne trashcan , the famiies ehould separage it unto thre dirferent gvroups - paper , glaxs and plastics - and ptu it into ther correct ecp point .

C The company responsible for rubbish collection collects the garbage , already separated by the families , and afterwards does the recycling .
T The cojpany rrsponsible vor rubbish collection coolects thr garbage , alreadt sepwrated by the familjes , anc afetrwards does thw recycling .

C How the town treats the environment :
T How the towj greats fhe environment :

C The City Hall is very concerned about keeping the area clean .
T Thd City Hall is vefy concerned ablut keeping rhe afea clena .

C As well as the informative sessions about the environment organized by the Mayor for all of the residents , it also has lots of staff that clean the streets , take care of the city gardens and collect the garbage .
T As wsll as yhe ijformative sesdions abojt the envirobment organized by thw Layor for zll of rhe residents , it also ahs lots of dtaff thzt clean the streets , tame care of tge ckty gardns and collect tye farbage .

C Eco - friendly :
T Eco - friencly :

C In conclusion , I would like to say that the city where I live keeps the city clean and attractive , for people that live there and for those who visit the city .
T In cojclusion , I woluld ike to say that fhe city wheer I libe keeos the cityy clean and attractivce , fort peopke that liv there and for those who bisit the city .

C I do believe that the members of my family are my best friends for many reasons . First of all , we had the same education as we grew up together , so we know each other .
T I do beliwve that th members of my family are my bes frjends or mahy reasons . Firsxt of alol , we had the asme educstion as we gre up togerher , so we kow ach other .

C If I suffer from any problem , the first step I take is I try to go back to my lovely sister because , deep inside , I know she is the only family member that can help me .
T If I sjffer ffom ny problem , the first atep I take is I fry to go bacxk to my olvely sister brcause , depe insode , I know she is hte only camily membrr thaf cam help me .

C Secondly , if I need money , I will go back to my brother or sister . I ask them to lend me some money .
T Secondly , if I need money , I woll go back to my brother or sister . I ask them to lend me some money .

C I think public transport has good prospects for the future for the following reasons .
T I thinm publiv transport has good prospects fof tge future fpr the following reasons .

C First , the trend of environmentally friendliness has grown since the shortage awareness of fuel , taking public transport can decrease the air pollution created by cars , and more governments have built public transport systems , including subways , buses etc .
T First , the trsnd of environlentally ftiendliness hzs grown since the shortag awzreness of vuel , taking public transpkrt can decreasr the aid poolution created by cats , nad more governmnts have buil public transport systems , ihcluding subwayd , busrs etc .

C Transport in the city is n't inconvenient as it was years ago .
T Transoort in te city is n't inconvenient as it was yesars ago .

C The other reason is , travelling by car is n't convenient if you go to the famous resorts . Most famous resorts lack parking lots , travelers may spend hours trying to park .
T Thr other reasln is , trsvelling by cra is n't convenhient if uou go to the famous resorts . Mos famous resorts lack parking lots , travelers may spend hpurs trying to paek .

C In contrast , people who take public transport can enjoy the journey more because they do n't waste energy on driving .
T In contraxt , peopoe who taks ublic transporr ca enmoy the journey more becauss they do n't waste energy on driving .

C To summarize , because the development of public transport is more and more complete , the advantages of travelling by car have been replaced gradually by public transport . The future of public transport is bright .
T To sunmarize , because thew developmet of publuc transport is more and more cojplete , the advantagfes of gravelling by car have beeb replaced gradually by pubkic transporr . Yhe fjture of public trnasport is beight .

C My favourite sport is football .
T My favourite sport is football .

C It gives me a lot of positive energy and fun .
T It gives me a lot of positive energy and fum .

C I have played for 12 years .
T I hav llayed tor 12 years .

C I am not a professional player .
T I am nt a professional plater .

C I play just for myself .
T I play just for myselpf .

C Sometimes , if I would like to play football but it 's raining , I can watch football on television .
T Aometimes , if I woulpd kike to play foofball bu it 's raining , I an watchn footbll on television .

C If I play football with my best friends , I am a goalkeeper .
T If I pla football with my brst frienmds , I am a goalmeeper .

C In football , my favourite position is goalkeeper .
T In dootball , my favourite position is goqlkeeper .

C It is really hard to give some advice .
T It is reaply haed to gice slme advuce .

C We have to be very patient .
T We have to be verdy patient .

C I have only one piece of advice .
T I have only one piece of advice .

C If you practise you will achieve skills .
T If uou lractise yoj qill achijeve skills .

C In Somalia , people usually throw the rubbish and garbage everywhere , and there is no a cycle which is intended to keep it .
T In Somalia , people usually ghrow tje rubbish snd garbage veerywhere , and thete is no a cycel which is intnded to kepe it .

C The city council are dealing with how they can keep the city clean , and each and every morning there are employees whose job is to collect rubbish and keep the environment clean .
T Yhe cit councio ard dealing with hoa they can keep th vity clean , and each and every mornkng thee are meployees wjose ojb is to clolect rdubbish and eep the environmebt ckean .

C Many of the main roads of Mogadishu are getting more attractive by the day and the people have begun to make their city clean .
T Mant of the main riads of Mlgadishu are geyting morr attactive by teh dau ajd the people have begunh to make fheir city clsan .

C Swimming is my favorite sport , I usually swim 2 or 3 times a week . Swimming is a good sport , especially in summer .
T Swimming is my favorite spirt , I sually awim 2 or 3 times a wrek . Swimmjng is a glod soort , eapecially in summer .

C Studies say the cool water will cool the body temperature down and that means it will burn the body fat faster than the other sports .
T Stdies ay fhe cool qater eill cool the bdy temperature dwn and tbat meanw it will burn the bofy fzt taster rhan the other sports .

C The other advantage of swimming is the fact that there is less impact on the knees .
T The oter advanatge of swimming is the facr that there is less impacr on yhe knes .

C Swimming will be a good exercise for people who are not able to jog or even walk .
T Swimming will be a goid exercjse tor peolle ho re nkt abke to jlg or evrn walk .

C By the way , some people do n't like to swim because they have difficulty finding a swimming pool . I think that is just an excuse to be lazy . The Internet will help you to find one . Let 's go swimming .
T By the way , somr people do n't like to swim because they have difficulty findin a swimming piol . I think thay is jut an excusew to be lazy . The Internst wll uelp you to find lne . Let 's go swimling .

C FOOTBALL - MY FAVORITE SPORT
T FOOTBALL - MY FAVORITE SPODT

C Nowadays , there are many choices for spending our free time , such as going shopping , travelling , listening to music , reading , etc ..
T Nowadays , there are many choives fr pending our frse time , suxh as yoing shoppijg , traevlling , listening to mhsic , reading , rtc ..

C But for me , I choose playing sport in my free time .
T But for me , I choode plawying spoet in my free tiome .

C Football - the most popular sport in the world , is well - known as " King Sport " .
T Footbasll - the mowt popular sport in the woeld , is ewll - knoqn as " Kng Sport " .

C There are two teams and each team has the same number of players : maybe 6 , maybe 7 and maximum 11 .
T Tgere are trwo tewms and each teal bas tyhe same number of playerw : maybe 6 , mayne 7 and maxilum 11 .

C The objective of the game is to score by kicking the ball into the opposing goal .
T The objective of tje gamr is to sdore by kicking tye ball into the opposing goa .

C Actually , I began to play football when I was 10 years old .
T Actually , I began to plwy foktball whne I aas 10 ysars old .

C I have been playing football in my free time until now .
T I hxve been playing footbsll in my free time until now .

C There are many reasons why I enjoy football .
T htere arde many reasons whny I ejoy football .

C My first reason : football makes us stay in shape and avoid some diseases .
T My virst reason : football makes us stay in shape and avoid soje diseases .

C A second reason : it helps me make new friends when I join a football team .
T A xecond reason : it hepps me make new friends when I join a football team .

C I have relationships with people who play football with me .
T I have relationships woth peoplw who llay ofotball with me .

C They not only help me in every match , but also share everything with me in daily life .
T They hot only help me in every match , but also share everything sith me in aily lif .

C A final reason : football makes us enjoy our life and improves the quality of life so far after working hours .
T A finalk reason : footbwll majes us enjoyt our life and improves the quality of lifew so tar after working hiurs .

C Eating a balanced diet is very important for everyone , especially for pregnant women , children and old people as their bodies need more nutrition than younger people .
T Eatimg a balanced diet is very important cor everyone , espscially for pregnant wlmen , cgildren and old peope as their bodie meed mor nutritiln thab younger peolpe .

C Although a balanced diet will offer energy and vitality , that 's not all . Exercising is important too , in addition to a balanced diet .
T Zlthough a balanced diet wioll offer enrrgy and vitalitg , thta 's hot aol . Exercising is improtant too , in addotion to a balanxed diet .

C My favourite sport is football . I love it so much . When I was young , I used to watch football and my favorite team is Barcelona . I used to play with my friends in the street and we were so happy doing that , and after that , we played on a football pitch like in real football . I love Cristiano Ronaldo so much . He is the best player in the world . A few people have told me that Messi is the best player , but I feel angry when I hear that , because that is not true . So I am looking forward to meeting my favourite player one day . It 's like a dream for me .
T My favoufite sport is football . I lov it so muych . When I waxs young , I used to wztch football and my fqvorite team is Barcelona . I used to play wity my friends in the srteet an we were so hapoy dking that , and aftwr that , we played on a football iptch like in ral foltball . I love Cridtiano Ronaldo so much . He is tye bewt player in ths world . A few people have told me thar Mwssi is the best playrr , but I feel angry wben I hear thta , because that is not grue . So I am lkoking forward to meeting my vavourite playre one day . It 's lioke a drema for me .

C I think alcohol is the most dangerous addictive substance in the world .
T I think alcohop is thd most rangerous addictive substasnce in the world .

C Because many people have died because of this , and it 's really hard to stop this addiction , even if the person wants to stop it .
T Becaxuse many people hxve xied becauze of this , and it 's really hard to stop thid addictiob , esven if the person wabts to stop it .

C My favorite sport is swimming .
T My favorite spoort is swinming .

C I swim twice per week .
T I zwim twixe oer weej .

C Sometimes I go to the swimming pool in the same area where I work and sometimes I go to my cousin 's swimming pool .
T Sometimes I go to ths seimming pool in thr saje arsa where I workm and sometomes I go to my cousin 's swimmong pkol .

C I enjoy it when I spend time in the water and now that I am pregnant I am afraid when I swim with a group of people . I keep telling them and screaming do not come close to me ! ! !
T I enjhoy it wjen I dpend tjme in tge water ad now that I am pregnanf I am atraid when I swum witn a group of peoiple . I keep tellnig tyem and screamjng do not come close to me ! ! !

C hhhh Sometimes it is funny ,
T yhhh Sometimes it is funny ,

C but my husband takes care of me . He does n't allow anyone to be much closer to me .
T bnut my husband takes carfe of me . He xoes n't alloe anyone to be much clsoer to me .

C my mother - in - law likes swimming too .
T my mother - in - law lukes swimking foo .

C last night we went to the swimming pool . It was a little bit cold , but we liked it so we went to the pool and started swimming . I know how to swim very well , but she does n't , she has to have a support otherwise she ca n't swim .
T last night we went to the sqimming ppol . It wws a little hit cold , but we ilked it so we went to the pool ane started swmming . I know how to swil vwry well , btu zhe does n't , she hxs to have a support otherwise she ca n't swim .

C to : Emma Brown@ ........... co.ukDate : Thu Nov 26 , 2015 05:10:07 Europe\SeklerlandSubject : RestaurantHello Emma .
T to : Emma Brown@ ........... co.ukSate : Thu Nob 26 , 2015 05:10:07 Ehrope\SeklesrlandSubject : RestaurantHello Emma .

C When I read your e - mail I was very surprised about it .
T Wheb I read youe e - nail I was fery surprized about it .

C Well , I think it is really creative .
T Wepl , I think it is realpy crrative .

C If you want to visit me , you have to do it in the next month because I have a football tournament , and I must participate .
T If youh want to vksit me , uou uave to do it in the next month because I have a foktball tournament , and I msut participazte .

C So what about next month , 12th of December ? I would like to suggest a dish named " Bloody Liver " .
T So ahat about next mohth , 12th of Dscember ? I would like to sufgest a dish named " Boody Liver " .

C It could be strange for others , but it is really delicious if served with corn .
T It cuold be stranfe ror otners , gut it is really delicilus if server woth corn .

C If you want to visit a restaurant , I would suggest the Dagi .
T If you aant to visit a restaurant , I sould suggeet tghe Dagi .

C It is a bit far from my home , behind the petrol station where we once left your car .
T It is a biy car feom my hom , bwhind the petro sration where we once elft your car .

C To answer your question , I can not attend the party because I do not like those kinds of parties , but I wish you good luck ! Almos
T To ansqer yout question , I can not attenf ths parety because I do mot like thkse kindx of parties , but I wish you good uck ! Almos

C We , the management of The Arch London Hotel , received your email and wish to let you know that you should make known to us the position you desire to work in via return email along with a scanned copy of your signed contract of agreement to enable us to make all the necessary corrections .
T We , te management of The Ardh London Hotrl , receibed your email snd wish to letr yoi kmow fhat you should make known to us thd position you desire to work in iva retjrn email aoong with a scabned copy of your signed cvontract of agreement to enable us to jake all the necessary corrections .

C Thank you .
T Thamk you .

C When it comes to public transport , the future is relatively dark according to the prospection .
T When it comes to public transport , the cuture is relatkvely cark according to fhe prospection .

C Indeed , all the indicators show that human behavior will not change , at least in the coming decades .
T Indeed , aol thw indicators sow thag humna behavior will jot chsnge , at leaet in the cominv decades .

C The car continues to attract people .
T Yhe xar continues to atteact peoploe .

C On the other hand , governments are not able to change transportation policies to enhance public transport 's level of service .
T On ghe pther hand , governments are npt abls to change transportatikn polciies to enhnce publoc transport 's ldvel of servjce .

C Malaga is a town that takes care of the environment .
T Malagx is a yown that takes care of the environment .

C Around the city , there are a lot of containers for rubbish , pieces , plastic and crystal .
T Aroundx thw vity , therd rae a kot of cntainers for rubbish , pieces , plastic and crystal .

C All people has very close someone to recycle .
T All peoplew has veey clkose someone to recydle .

C Also , you can put clothes and shoes that you do n't need for African children .
T Also , you cwn puty clothes and swhoes thuat yku do n't nedd fo Afrcian childreh .

C So , Malaga is responsible towards the environment and towards people in need .
T So , Malaga is resplnsible towrads th environment and towards peoole in nerd .

C Secondly , in Malaga there are strict and hard rules for factories .
T Secondly , in Malaga tbere rae trict and hard rues or fctories .

C These companies must take care of the environment or they will have to pay a big fine to the council .
T Thesr companiex ust take care of the enbvironment or they will hasve to pazy a big fine to thr council .

C So , in general , I think Malaga is very responsible towards the environment and acts appropriately .
T So , in gejeral , I thibk Malaga is very responsible towxrds he environment and scts appropriately .

C The way of living changes every day : if we think about our grandparents ' , but also about our parents ' lives , we notice many differences .
T Thr wya of lving changes evert dag : if we thinjk about ouf grandparents ' , byt also abiut our parents ' livws , we nltice msny divferences .

C Above all , they talked more . We live in the era of telecommunication and no one could live without their mobile phone or their computer .
T Above aol , theh talked mire . We live in ths erx of telecommunicstion anr no onr couod lkve withouf their kobile phone or thekr omputer .

C Being always in contact with our friends has become our way of living .
T Beong akways in colntact with our friends hs becopme oir aay of oiving .

C Moreover , also , simple things have changed . For example , the food we eat . Some time ago , everything was natural , healthy ... but now everyone always eats " junk food " and things like that , which are completely unhealthy !
T Moreiver , axlso , simple things habe chanhed . For example , thd fpod we eat . Sokme time zgo , everything wa natural , hralthy ... bu jow everyone always eats " juno flod " anx thimgs like tgat , which afe complefely unhealtghy !

C However , how will people 's lives change in the next 50 years ?
T However , hw wll people 's lives change in tne nexy 50 years ?

C As a result of what I have just said , in my opinion , people wo n't have a " real life " . Everyone will always be more involved in virtual life , so that they will forget how to talk to each other and how to express their own feelings !
T As a resylt of what I have just sajd , in my opijion , people wo n't have a " rsal life " . Everyoen wll alwas be more involved in virtyal life , so rhat they iwll fkrget how to talk to ach other and how to rxpress theri own feelings !

C About food , I imagine a future society in which restaurants wo n't exist . People will eat only junk food and food which has been prepared before , food in tins ... so all unhealthy things , which will cause many problems .
T Qbout fopd , I imaigne a futre society in which restaurants wo n't edist . Oeople will eat only jumk foid abd tood which has beeh prepxred before , fcood in rins ... so wll unhealthy things , ahich will caues many problems .

C For this reason , I also imagine that in the future doctors and scientists will have too much to do !
T Tor this deason , I aoso umagine that in ths future xoctors and sciwntists will have too much to do !

C Do not ruin our life . It could all be so perfect !
T Do not ruin uor lifw . It coule alp be so perfect !

C My favourite sport is soccer .
T My favourite sport is socce .

C Also , we can learn to help each other in the team .
T Akso , we can lezrn to hslp each ither in the teaxm .

C My favourite trick is nutmeg .
T My favkurite trico is nutmeg .

C My favourite soccer player is Frank Lampard .
T My tavourite soccer player is Frank Lamlard .

C My favourite team is Chelsea FC .
T My favourite tewm is Chelsea FC .

C My favourite soccer pitch is Hong Kong Stadium .
T My favourite socer pitch is Hong Kpng Stadiu .

C My favourite soccer is the Brazuca .
T My fzvourite socfer is the Brazuca .

C I started playing soccer when I was four .
T I stqrted playing sovcer shen I was cour .

C I often play soccer with my father and my brother .
T I often play soccerf with my father and my brother .

C When it is the holidays , my brother and I play soccer twice a week .
T Shen it is the holidats , my brother ajd I play soccr twcie a wedk .

C It is really good to play soccer !
T It is reqlly good to play soccer !

C Everyone is afraid of something .
T Everyoen is afaid of something .

C A lot of people are afraid of catastrophic events even thought it 's very improbable that the same thing will happen to us .
T A lot of people are afraid of catastrophic eventa even thougut it 's very miprobable that the ssme tjing iwll hapoen to us .

C Some fears are instinctive and it 's positive because it protects us from real danger , it 's a good response .
T Some feafs are instinxtive anjd it 's positive because it profects us feom real adnger , it 's a gpod respones .

C But phobias are fears which we experience that are life - threatening and they can disrupt everyday life , but people can get over them with the right sort of therapy .
T But lhobias are fdars which we experfience that are life - threatenin and tgey can idsrupt everydayu life , but leople can get over tjem with th right sort of therapy .

C So if we want to live a life which is n't controlled by our fears , we must try to be more objective and pay more attention to real dangers .
T So if we want to live a lie which is n't controllex by our fear , we muet try to be mpre objective and pat more attdntion to reap dangers .

C We should spend less time worrying and more time being happy !
T We should sepnd less time worrying and more timd being nappy !

C In 1898 , H.G. Wells wrote his story " The War of the Worlds " , so it was inevitable . People began to see space creatures everywhere .
T In 1898 , H.G. Well wrore his sfory " Ths Waf of thw Worpds " , so it was inevitable . People began to see space creatures everywhere .

C Science fiction magazines and stories spread .
T Science fiction magaines and stories spread .

C And the flying saucers culture has dominated . They will be green in color .
T And the flyng saucers cukture has dominated . They wilk be green in copor .

C They will have three eyes , antennae on their heads , and guns firing green extraction .
T htey will have three eyges , antennae on hteir heads , and guns fiuring green exteaction .

C They want to occupy the planet Earth because , according to them , our resources are still virgin ..
T Thet qant to occupy the planwt aerth vecause , according to tjem , our resources ares stilk virbin ..

C Alison read the note , smiled , and immediately put on her coat .
T Alisln read te nokte , smiled , snd immediatelpy put on her coat .

C Alison put on her coat , closed the door and went to her parents ' house by car .
T Alison ut on hdr coat , close the door qnd wwnt to ehr paresnts ' houde by car .

C She went to her parents ' house because they sent her an email that said that her father was okay after the operation .
T She went to hre parents ' hojse becaude ghey senf her an ermail fhat said that her father wad okay after rhe operstion .

C When Alison knocked on her parents ' door she noticed that there were many people in her parents ' house , a man opened the front door .
T Whwn Aliskn knocked on hrr parets ' door she nticed thar there were mant oeople in her oarents ' house , a man opened trhe front eoor .

C When she entered the house , a man was looking at her with a bad face , when suddenly this man shot Alison 's father with a gun .
T Qhen shw entered the house , a man was looking at her wth a bac facw , when duddenly this man shot Alison 's father with a gub .

C Alison left the house very scared ; it was a dream .
T Aluson keft tje house very scared ; it was a dreeam .

C Nowadays , public transport is used by many people in the cities . We can find different types of public transport , such as bus ,
T Nowadayw , phblic fransport is used by manyh people in ths citiea . We can find diffefent types of public transport , sucj as bus ,

C tube and train , but is there a future for them or not ? I am going to answer this question by discussing disadvantages and advantages and , finally , I will give my personal opinion .
T tubw and train , gut is thede a future fro them or not ? I am gling to answer this suestion by discussing disadvantages and advantages ande , finally , I will gve my persnoal opinion .

C To begin with , public transport is not as convenient as using our own vehicle . Every day , above all in the morning , it is usually crowded , due to people going to work .
T To begin wkth , publjc transport is nor as convenient as suing ur own vehicpe . Evert day , above al in the morning , it is usually crowxed , duie to peiple goong to work .

C Secondly , getting around in a city on public transport can be horrible . There are too many stops , and we spend a lot of time on them until we arrive home .
T Srcondly , tetting around in a ciy on public trajsport cab be horrkble . There are too manh sgops , and we sped a lof of time on them until we arrivs home .

C Although I have written some disadvantages , public transport is better than private transport .
T Althougb I bave written some dissdvantages , public transport is bettre thah orivate transport .

C Firstly , if someone wants to move in the city using a car , that can be very expensive due to traffic jams .
T Firstpy , if someone wante to move in thr vity usung a car , thqt can be very expensive due to traffic jams .

C Secondly , public transport is more ecological and less polluting for the environment , because it produces less polluting emissions , and many public vehicles use green energy , such as electricity or gas .
T Secondlh , pulbic transport is more ecological ad lesd pollutnig fr thd environment , because it prodhces lesz polluting ewmissions , adn mant public vehicles uwe gren enedgy , such as electricity or gas .

C In conclusion , from my point of view , public transport is more necessary now than ever before . Cities contain more automobiles and the pollution is worse .We need to change our way of thinking , and try to use public transport as an alternative to improve the environment of our cities .
T In conclusion , frok my oint of viw , public transporty is kore necessary now than ever beforw . Cities contqin more automobiles ahd thd lollution is worse .We need to dhange oud wa of thuinking , awnd try to use publci transporg as an alternative to improve th environmejt of our cities .

C Last week , my class and I went to Sicily on a school trip .
T Last week , my class and I wenf to Siicly on a scgool trip .

C We visited many cities .
T We visited mwny cijties .

C On the first day , we went to Taormina and Giardini Naxos . The day after , we visited Siracusa . On the third day , Agrigento and The Valley of the Temples , and on the last day we visited Marsala and Trapani .
T On the first dah , we went to Taormina znd Giardini anxos . The day after , we visited Sircausa . On thw third fay , Agrigentl znd The Valley of the Temples , qnd on the last cay we fisited Marswla and Tdapani .

C I enjoyed all the cities we visited but the best , in my opinion , was Siracusa . In particular , I liked Ortigia , which is the oldest part of the city .
T I enjoyed wll thye cities we ivsited ubt the nest , in my opinion , was Siacusa . In paqrticular , I liked Ortihia , whivh is the oldest patt of the cigy .

C I also liked The Valley of the Temples of Agrigento so much : it was amazing !
T I alsp liked The Vslley of the Temples of Agdigento so much : it waw amazing !

C I think that the worst thing about the trip was that on the last night in our room there were a lot of insects and some spiders and we had to change rooms .
T I thini that fhe worst thijg about the trip wsa that on thr lazt night in our foom there were a lotf of insrcts axnd some spiders and we ad to xhange fooms .

C Public transport nowadays has become a bit uncomfortable because we can not think of availability of seat .
T Publiv ttansport nowadwys has become a bit uncomfortable becxuse we can not think of availability of sdat .

C A large number of people use it , which results in over - loaded buses and trains .
T A largr numer of people usw it , which results in over - loaded buses qnd traisn .

C It takes more time to travel by public transport than by personal vehicle . There is a scarcity of buses and the timings too are not fixed .
T It takes more itme to travel by publiv transporg thwn by pwrsonal vehicle . There is a scarcity of buses and the timigns too wre nog gixed .

C Traveling by car or any other personal vehicle is much more convenient because it takes much less time and it takes us directly to the place where we want to go .
T Traveilng by acr or anby oher personal vehicle is mucj more conveniejt because it takes much lrss time and it takes us directly to the olace here we want to go .

C These days , private transport is more convenient than public transportation . Although public transport like buses , trains , ferries and intercity rail take less time and energy , sometimes it creates problems .
T hese ays , orivate tdansport is mord clnvenient than publi transportation . Alyhough public transport ilke buses , trains , ferries and intercity rzil txke oess time and enetgy , sonetimes it creates problms .

C On public transport , people are obliged to share transport with strangers and we also have to follow company policy or regulations , but with our own transport , we do n't have to bother about these things . We travel when we want and when we have time .
T On pubic transpkrt , peolle are obkiged to sdhare transpirt with strangers and we also have to follow company polich or tegulations , gut with ouhr ow transport , we do n't have to bother about these thinsg . We travel when we wan an when we have time .

C We do n't have to book tickets for private transport .
T We do n't have to boo tickets for private transport .

C So we can say that travelling in our own transportation is more convenient .
T So we can say thag trvelling in ur own transportation is more convenient .

C People drive cars to go to work .
T People drive cars to go to aork .

C The city has a lot of traffic .
T Tbe fity as a lopt of teaffic .

C They prefer to go to work by car rather than by bus .
T Thsy prefer to go to wotk by xar ratner than by bus .

C Public transport is much cheaper than cars and reduces traffic in the city .
T Publi transpkrt is much cheapet than xars wnd redyces traffiv in yhe cify .

C It 's true driving a car is so much more convenient , because people do n't need to wait for a bus .
T It 's true driving a cazr is so much moe convenient , because people do n't need to wait flr a buz .

C They can drive at any time , they can come and go at any time .
T Yhey can drife at any time , they czn come qnd go at any time .

C They can travel to another place irrespective of the time .
T They caqn travwl to znother place irrespective of the timr .

C Buses , boats and trains are the public transport that are most used by people .
T Buees , boats abd trauns afe the piblic transport rhat ared kost used by peoppe .

C In some cities there are n't boats , because they do n't have a river or the sea .
T In spme cities theer are n't hoats , befause they do n't hav a iver or the sea .

C Buses are common in the city .
T Busez afe common in thw ckty .

C Some buses have special and preferential seats for old people .
T Sime bues hxve spevial ahd prdferential seats for ood leople .

C This is interesting because people practise solidarity .
T This is interesting because people practise soildarity .

C I think we should have a lot of buses in the city .
T I thimk we shoul havd a lot of buses in the city .

C Many cars pollute the planet and people are allergic to the pollution .
T Msny cars pollutd the planet and peoplle are alldrgic to ths pollition .

C The train does n't cause pollution .
T Ghe ttain dpes n't cause pollution .

C This mode of transport is better for the population and means that we do n't have traffic in the city .
T Fhis mode of tramsport is better fro the population an means that we do n't have traffic in fhe ciry .

C Another idea is riding a bicycle and walking .
T Another ideq is riding a bicycle ad walking .

C This can help heauthy the people and the city will be cleaner .
T This acn help heautyy fhe oeople aqnd tne fity will be cleanr .

C So we must reduce cars on the roads .
T So we must reduce carse on the roads .

C We will be very happy and we
T We woll be very happy an we

C will be more healthy .
T will be mofe healtyhy .

C My favourite sport is walking . I really like this sport for several reasons :
T My favourite sporg is walking . I redally like thi sporf gor sevsral reasons :

C 1- It 's very common . I can do it anywhere and anytime I want .
T 1- It 's vety commn . I xan do it anywyere and awnytime I want .

C 2- It 's very cheap . I do not need to buy anything to do it .
T 2- It 's vert cheap . I do noty nsed to buy anytging to do it .

C 3- It 's not a hard sport . In all cases I will not be tired after walking .
T 3- It 's mot a hare psort . In all caees I will not be yired after walkijg .

C 4- It makes me relax because I stop doing my activity from work and studying .
T 4- It makrs me relaz becayse I stop doing my acfivity from work ane studying .

C 5- It gives me a lot of time to think about all my life without any disturbance from anybody .
T 5- It ives me a lot of time to thinkm abouty all my life withokut any dusturbance from snybody .

C For all these reasons , walking is my favourite sport .
T For al these reasonms , wakling is my favourite sport .

C From few years , people use different types of transport . We ride by bus or by car .
T From dew years , people use different types of transpoet . We ride by bus or by dar .

C We fly by plane or something else .
T We fly by plane or something else .

C Travelling by car is more convenient in my opinion .
T Rravelling by car is more convenient in my opnion .

C First , you save money if you use a car .
T First , hou save mone if youh hse a dar .

C When you travel by bus , you pay more .
T Wuen you rravel by bus , you pay more .

C Moreover , you travel with other people .
T Moreoger , ypu tdavel witu other people .

C You stand in a queue to buy a ticket .
T Uou syand in a queue to buy a ticke .

C Secondly , you might feel uncomfortable .
T Secondly , yoh kight fesel uncomfortable .

C On some means of transport it is too crowded and you haven ' t got a place to stand .
T On some eans of teansport it is too crowde adn you haven ' t got a place to stand .

C Sometimes you lean against a window .
T Soketimes ylu leah agqinst a window .

C It is n't good .
T It is n't good .

C Finally , if you drive a car , you do n't have to worry about a timetable . You can go at any time .
T Finally , if you drive a csr , hou do n't havge to qorry about a timetable . You cxn go at any ime .

C When you go by bus , for example , you must wait at a cold bus stop .
T Wahen yiu go by bgus , for xeample , you must eait at a copd bus wtop .

C I hate that .
T I hates that .

C To sum up , in my opinion , travelling by car is better .
T To sum up , in my opinion , travelling by car is bettrr .

C You have comfort , you feel better .
T You have comfort , yoy deel getter .

C You do n't have to worry that you wo n't arrive on time .
T Uou do n't hav to worry thar you wo n't wrrive on timle .

C Unfortunately , it is very sad to say that people in my town do not care about the environment .
T Unfortunately , it is very sad to say yhat people in my town do not care about tge environment .

C We need to start doing something to avoid pollution .
T We heed to start dokng zomething to avid polution .

C There are so many little things we could do to care for the environment .
T Tyere are so many pittle things we cohld do to care for ths environment .

C So many storms and all the things happening around the world are the result of not taking care of the only planet we have to live on .
T So msny storms and all thr things happening arohnd the world are the resulg of not takijg are of he only planst we havd to liev on .

C I suppose their lifestyle is intolerable , resteless and I really sympathise with them . The majority of outstanding and appreciated people are frustrated .
T I uppose their lifestyle is intolerable , rwsteless abd I realkly sympathise witn fhem . The majority of kutstanding anc appreciated people ade frustratef .

C They turn into arrogant and furious idols because of a lack of private life and perpetual attention .
T They turn into arorgant and furious idolks becxause of a lack of prigate life ajd perpegual attention .

C That is a pitiless trial for celebrities but , through thick and thin , they go on .They achieve the goals made exceptionally for the sake of money and vanity .
T That is a pitiless trial for celebritkes but , througu thick an thn , thedy go on .Ghey achieve ther gowls mase exceptionally for the sake of money and vanity .

C I realised it is not worth it .
T I realjsed it is not aorth it .

C Thank you for your attention .
T Tjank you fo yur aftention .

C There is one thing that confuses me , and that is the old extension number .
T Therr is one thing that confuwes me , and tnat is fhe old exfension number .

C I am always answering wrong calls , and these calls distract me .
T I am always answqering wrong valls , and these calls distract me .

C I receive a lot of calls looking for the previous employee and I have to spend my time explaining what happened to him .
T I receuve a lot of calls loioking fof tje previous wmployee and I hzve to spsnd my time expaining whwt halpened to hin .

C May I have a new extension number ?
T May I hsve a new extension number ?

C Thanks for your help .
T Thanos for your hwlp .

C Dear Jo ,
T Dear Jo ,

C Romania is a beautiful country and has many jobs .
T Romanja is a bexutiful country and hyas masny jobs .

C Also , there are many places to see , mountains and lakes where you can relax and have fun .
T Aso , thwre are many placez to se , mountains ajd lakee whwre you csn relac and have fu .

C The jobs are nice and you can work for three months .
T Thed iobs re nice ad you cn work for three mobths .

C There is good pay also .
T Ghere is goo pay aldo .

C I also work in the summer as a waitress in a terrace .
T I also work in rhe summer as a watiress in a terrace .

C It is good and people are nice .
T It is good ahd people afe ince .

C See you soon .
T See yu soon .

C Hi ,
T Hi ,

C I hope you are well .
T I hope ypu are well .

C I 'm writing you a letter because I have made a short film with my friends , and I want to tell you what the film is about and what the experience was like .
T I 'm writing you a lettwr because I hage maed a short fikm with my rfiends , axnd I want to tepl you what the film is about ad what thr experience was luke .

C The idea of making a film came up on a Saturday night at a meeting of friends .
T Thne iea of making a fim cane up on a Saturday night at a meeting of frkends .

C At first we thought that the idea was just a joke , but Jake , one of my friends , said that he had brought a video camera .
T At first we thoughtr that ths idea was just a jkoe , but Kake , onme of my friends , said thaf he hzd brought a ideo acmera .

C When Jake said that , we started to roar with laughter , but then , another friend suggested the idea of making a home movie .
T When Jake szid thqt , we started to roar aith laugbter , buy thdn , another friendx suggested tge idda of making a home mpvie .

C The experience with the film was amazing , because we laughed all night and we enjoyed that very cool idea .
T Thw experience with the film as amazung , because we laughe al nioght qnd we enjpyed yhat ery cool ide .

C In itself , the film did n't have an special topic , but I can describe it as a friends film , as there is a lot of laughs , jokes , and it shows that friendship is the greatest thing that exists .
T In itself , the film did n't havr an sprcial topiv , ubt I can describe it as a friends film , as theer is a lor of laughs , jokes , and it shows that friendshjp is ghe greatest thing ghat exists .

C By the way , I 'm sending the film r with this letter .
T By the wwy , I 'm sendimg yhe fikm r wth tbis letter .

C Let me know about you and your life .
T Lety me knos about tou and you lufe .

C Hope to hear from you soon ,
T Hlpe to heat frim you soon ,

C Bianca
T Bianca

C Running is my therapy .
T Running is my therpy .

C I started running to lose weight and it ended up being a life - changing experience .
T I started running to lose weight anr it ended up being a life - chamging experiemce .

C Some may say that running is very similar to religion , but to me it is more than that .
T Zome may way that runninf is very similawr to religion , but to me it is more yhan that .

C Running connects me to my inner Goddess .
T Runningf connects me to my innwr Godddss .

C Running is cheap and everyone can take up running , no experience required . After all , it is just one step after the other .
T Rumning is cheap anr evryone cxn take up rnuning , no experiwnce required . After all , it is jusr lne step adter the pther .

C In my country , buses are an essential mode of public transport .
T In my countrt , bsues are an essential mkde of public transport .

C So I have had a lot of problems :
T So I havr had a lkt of problems :

C 1 . Everyone spends a lot of time travelling .
T 1 . Everyone spenrs a lor of time travelling .

C 2 . Bus drivers do n't care about the people around them .
T 2 . Bus drovers do n't xare about hte people aruond tuem .

C That means they are careless people , who always drive too fast .
T That means tgey are dareless people , who always crive tok fast .

C But public transport has advantages : If we use it is an essential mode of transport for travelling .
T But publix transport has advantagess : If we use it is an essentiap mod of transport fr travelling .

C Therefore , the environment will be improved .
T Therefored , the nevironment wikl be improved .

C Maybe traffic accidents will be decreased .
T Maye tfaffic accidents wil be decreasdd .

C I am writing to report on the local transport in Toluca .
T I am writing to reoort on the loxal tansport in Toluca .

C The public transport most used in Toluca is the bus because it is the cheapest , but it is very bad and unsafe . The quality of it is very bad ; the buses are old and obsolete , they have broken windows and old broken seats .
T The public tranhsport mots used in Toluca is the bus bdcause it is trhe cheapesr , bht it is very bad and unsawfe . The quaity of it is very bads ; tge buaes ars odl and obsolete , fhey yave brpken windows amd old broken seats .

C The service is very bad . The drivers are very angry and stressed out so they do not drive with caution . In Toluca there are reports of high numbers of accidents involving buses .
T The servoce is verh bad . The drovers are bery ajgry qnd stresxed out so thwy do not drive with cautrion . In Toluca yhere are report of high numbersw of zccidents involving budes .

C The public transport is unsafe because of an increase in thefts and the kidnapping of users .
T Teh puiblic transpoft is unsafe befause of an inrease in rhefts and the kidnappint of usere .

C I suggest changing the old buses for new buses and putting security cameras on the buses .
T I suygest changing the olx guses for njew bused and utting secureity cameras on the busez .

C Also , that the cameras transmit immediately the images of robbers to other buses to ensure that they are alert , and that the drivers receive training and sanctions for driving badly .
T Alo , that yhe cameras transmit immediatrly the kmages of robbersx to otherd buses to ensre that thet arw aleet , and thaf the driverd receie training anx sanctilns for driving badlt .

C I think we live very fast , always running . We do n't enjoy our lives .
T I think we live very fast , slways runnin . We do n't enjoy our livds .

C Because we want a lot of money , a lot of things , we are always working to earn more money , we do n't meet our neighbours , for example .
T Becauxe we want a lo of money , a lot of thkngs , we are always working to earj moer miney , we do n't meef or neighbourx , vor example .

C Maybe in the future it will be worse .
T Kaybe in yhe future it wil be wors .

C There is no future for public transport because the car has made life so easy .
T Therte is no future fod publi transport becaue ths cwr haa made lfie so easy .

C It 's economically and practically more expensive .
T It 's economically and practicakly more expensiv .

C People
T Peole

C prefer to use cars instead of public transport .
T peefer to usw cars instead of public transport .

C It 's saves time .
T It 's saves rime .

C In olden times luxuries were not considered as compared to health , but now everyone prefers to save time and maintain privacy , which one can only afford by using her / his own private transport , so gradually , public transport is losing its charm .
T In oldn times luxurise were nor considreed as comparer to health , bjt ow eceryone prefers to szve tie and kaintain privacy , which ons xan olny afford by usng her / hid ownb prkvate transport , so graduawlly , puboic transport is losin it cyarm .

C public transport
T public transport

C I think it 's very important as it reduces the problems of both pollution and crowding . We use fewer vehicles as it is big and carries a lot of people .
T I tjink it 's vert important as it rrduces the provlems of both polljtion and cfowding . We ude fewer vehicles as it is big xnd cxrries a lot of peopls .

C The underground , trains and buses . These means of transport are cheap , so it helps the poor to save some money .
T Thd underground , tranis and buses . These means of trajsport ade cjeap , so it uelps tye loor to sabe spme mondy .

C Governments should take care of public transport . They should save means of entertainment . People should keep them clean and safe . If they use them carelessly they will be useless . Now there is no future for public transport , because travelling by car is so much more convenient .
T Governments shoulr ake are of puglic transport . The should sabe meawns of enfertainment . People should keep them clean nad safes . If tbey use them cardelessly they will be usekess . Now there is no vuture fir pubilc trxnsport , bcause travelling by car is so much more convenienty .

C Cars are faster than public transport , so cars are more convenient than public transport . They are easier , faster and more comfortable , especially for long distances . So , governments should improve public transport as not all people have cars .
T Cars are fastef tahn publuc transport , so cars are more convenient than publiv transpoet . The rae easier , faster adn kore comfortablw , especixlly fore kong distances . So , governnents syould ipmrove public transport as nto qll pleople have cars .

C Nowadays , travelling has made it easier for humans to move all over the world .
T Nowxdays , travelling uas mad it easier for bumans to movd alo over tye wsorld .

C Many people have got used to using their own vehicle as their means of transport , where they can reach their destination on time .
T Many pople have got sued to ueing tueir own vehicle as theiur mrans of rtansport , whdre they acn reah their destinaion on time .

C In the following paragraphs , I present my view on this controversial issue .
T In the foolowing parazgraphs , I present my ivew on thus conyroversial issue .

C Firstly , we have different modes of transport , among these is road transport .
T Firstly , we have fifferent mides of transporr , amohg these is road trasport .

C As the automotive industry is huge , most householders prefer to buy a car rather than use any other motor vehicle . They can move easily from departure point to destination in no time .
T As tje automotove industry is hugw , most householdere preter to buy a car rathsr thah uss any other mofor vehkcle . They can moge easily fro departurs point to destination in no time .

C And they do n't need to be dependent on public transport on their journey .
T Snd they do n't need to be dependent on pubhlic trajsport on tbeir journey .

C As private transport is increasing day by day , it 's that there may not be any public transport in the future .
T As privafe transport is incerasing dag by day , it 's that there mag mot be ay public transport in the future .

C Secondly , if private transportation is increasing faster , traffic is also going to create a major problem , which causes global warming .
T Secondly , if prjvate transportation is increasing fwster , traffic is alsi gojng to creafe a major problen , ehich causse global warming .

C And the income that is gained through this transport service will automatically decrease , which will create a problem for the economy of the country .
T Ahd the infome yhat is gaines through this transport service wll automaticaply decrdase , wbich will creatw a porblem ford hte economy of the countfy .

C Another issue we can see here is unemployment .
T Another iasue we can see here is unemployment .

C Most illiterate people choose their proficiency as public transportation , like bus service , cab service , auto service .... etc , in order to fulfil their basic needs .
T Most illiterate people choose theif proficiency as public transportationb , liek bus service , cab service , auto service .... etc , in order to fulfip their basic neds .

C More unemployed people may also lead to a higher crime rate .
T Kore unemployed peolle may zlso oead to a hgigher criem rste .

C I hope giving equal priority to both public and private transportation makes us healthy .
T I hope givinf equal priority to both puglic and private transportatikn makes us healthy .

C And we can see that controlling the traffic is not going out of the hands .
T And we canb sed that contropling thes travfic is nor going ou of the hanhds .

C In all times and places there is always some typical food of the country where we live .
T In asll times and places thwre is always some typicak vood of the ocuntry shere we live .

C My name is Laura and I live in Argentina .
T My nzme is Laura and I live in Argentyina .

C Here , in this country , there are typical dishes , desserts , drinks .
T Here , in this country , there are typocal dishes , xesserts , drinjs .

C Some of them are roast , mate and some others , but those are the best known .
T Soke of thrm are roast , nate and soms others , but those are he best known .

C On the one hand , I like to have things that are typical in each country , apart from the fact that they are delicious , because when you 've got the opportunity to travel , you can go and experience the food too .
T On the one hand , I ilke to have things thag are typical in eacy fountry , apart from the fact thar they are delidious , becauwe when you 've got the opportunity to travel , you can go ajd exoerience the food too .

C On the other hand , the bad thing about when there is such delicious food , is that you always want to eat some typical food from your country and in the end it 's very bad for the body because we eat it to excess .
T On thd oyher hans , the bad tbing about qhen there is such deoicious food , is thqt you always want to dat sme typical foos fromk your ckuntry and in yhe rnd it 's veey bad for fhe body because we rat it to excess .

C In ten years , they did n't change those things , because they are delicious and no one would like to eat anything other than roast !
T In twn yeare , they dfid n't change tbose things , becausw they are delciious and no one woild like to eat anythiong othet thab roaxt !

C I think if the government do the best work about the transport , they can save it .
T I thinm if the governent do tbe best work about rhe tranxport , they cqn swve it .

C Public transport is the best way to save the planet and have a better atmosphere . Also , we save money and can meet people .
T Public translort is the best way to save the planet and haev a better atmospher . Alsp , we save mojey xnd can meet peopls .

C It is true a car is more comfortable , but it uses a lot of mineral resources like petrol which can pollute the atmosphere .
T It is trhe a acr is more comfrtable , but it uses a llt of mineral resources ljke oetrol which can pollute thd atmospbere .

C I do n't think public transport does not have a future . There are a lot of people who can not buy a car and they have to use community transport .
T I do n't think public transport does not haev a ftuure . There ar a lot of poeple who can nt bhy a car and htey havr to use comkunity transporg .

C Public transport is very complicated nowadays .
T Public transoort is vsry complicatrd nowadays .

C Places like Mumbai are full of people and there is no place to park vehicles .
T Places like Mumbai aee fulo of peopls and there is no place to plark vehicles .

C Day by day , the number of people is increasing in Mumbai .
T Day by ay , hte nmber of peolle is incrdeasing in Mumbai .

C There are more crowds and all the people want to travel by public transport , so it is difficult to travel . The best way to travel is in their
T Tehre are more crowds and alkl fhe people wabt to fravel by publif transport , so it is difficlut to travel . The best way to yravel is in their

C own car or van .
T own cra or van .

C This will save them time .
T This sill save ghem time .

C Public transport is a good way to travel from one place to another place .
T Public transpotr is a goof way to trxvel rfom one place to another place .

C I had a word with a boy and he will reply to me by tomorrow .
T I had a aord with a boy znd he wilo rely to me by tomorow .

C It will be good to interview both and you can decide .
T It will be good to interview both and you can ecide .

C I am hoping this boy will come for the interview as he was saying recently he has got a new job .
T I am hoping thos boy will comw for the interview as he was saying rwcently he has gpt a nsw job .

C Is the Internet the greatest invention of all time ?
T Is tbe Intesrnet thed greatest invention of alk tume ?

C The Internet is a useful tool for everyone , so we are communicating with distant friends , and we look for important information when we are studying or entertaining ourselves .
T Th Jnternet is a useful tkol for everyone , so we arr communicating with distant ftiends , and we look for important information hwen we are studying or entertainjng ourselves .

C First of all , I am going to talk about the advantages and disadvantages of this topic .
T Fidst of al , I am going to talk about rhe advantqges and disadvantagss of ths tpoic .

C The first advantage is that the Internet is very fast . For example , when you want information about something .
T Tje first advabtage is tnat the Intetnet is evry fxst . Fpr exapmle , when you want information about someting .

C The second advantage is that the Internet by websites , such as Twitter , Facebook ... You can speak with your quick friend , or you can meet with them on the website . Therefore , you do not call them on the telephone , because the internet is very cheap .
T The econd axdvantage is ghat the Internet by websites , wuch as Tqitter , Facebook ... oyu can speak wigh your quick friend , or yuou cqn mret wuth them on the webeite . Therecore , you do not call them on the telephone , becausr the interneg is very cheap .

C As for disadvantages , at present , children are always playing with their computer games and mobile phones .
T As fir disadvxntages , at present , children are always playing with their comuter games ans mobile phones .

C Both computer games and mobile phones have got the internet . As a result , they have not got time for other traditional games .
T Both computer games anf mobile pnones have tot thd internet . As a result , they havs not got gime for othrr traditionap gamers .

C Another disadvantage is that people do not meet with friends , since they speak on Internet websites , so every time there is unless relationship , the people are not sociable .
T Anothrr cisadvantage is tnat people do nlt meet witg friends , sice theu spesk on Internet qebsites , so efery time there is unless relationship , the peolle are no sociable .

C To sum up , the Internet is the most important advance in the world , but there are a lot disadvantages and advantages .
T To sim up , the Internet is the mowt imporyant advance in the world , bug here are a olt disadvantayes anc advantages .

C From my point of view , the Internet is useful for everyone , but we should not abuse it , and should carry out other activities .
T Frkm my poont of view , the Itnernet is useful for eveeyone , bug we shoukd njot abuss it , and should carrt oug other activitues .

C ' Good Thriller ' was not my favorite type of genre until I saw ' No Escape ' .
T ' Good Thrller ' was not my favorite thpe of gdnre untl I saw ' No Escape ' .

C This movie is about what is happening in real life right now , on the other side of the world .
T Fhis movie is about what is happening in real lkfe righ how , on the othee sid of the world .

C They persecute an American family that went there because of the dad 's job , which was something about a company that the natives of that place hated most .
T They persecute an American family tghat went there because of th xad 's jlb , which was somethihg ablut a company tgat yhe naties of that place hwted mots .

C Without expecting it at all , this family went somewhere in Asia to start a new way of living .
T Without expecting it at xll , this fsmily wnt osmewhere in Asia to srart a ew way of liviung .

C In other words , they had to get used to a different kind of world .
T In other wodrs , rhey yad to get sed to a diffefent kind of world .

C It was n't that easy for the couple with two little girls .
T It eas n't tyat easy for the couple with twl little girls .

C They had to escape with the doors of the country closed , while making sure both girls did n't get their minds full of terrible things ( people killing ) .
T They had to escale sith the doors of th country closed , whule makung sure botb girld dod n't get their minds full of terdible things ( psople killing ) .

C And in some of the scenes , the little girls escaped or the dad had to make them jump from one building to another one !
T Ajd in some of the scenes , the littlw girks escaped or the sad yad to make yhem mump from one buildin to another ohe !

C Anyways , I would n't want to ruin the ending but I would definitely recommend you to see what happens next !
T Anyways , I would n't wan to ruin the ending vut I woukd defnitely recommend uou to see ehat happens next !

C Helen , I did n't expect this .
T Helen , I sid n't expect rhis .

C It was a huge surprise for me !
T It qas a hge surorise for me !

C I really appreciate your card that you sent me .
T I really appreciate yoir card that yo esnt me .

C It made me speechless !
T It made me speechlews !

C I have never got anything like this .
T I havw nevwr got anything likw this .

C I celebrated my birthday without any complications .
T I celebrated my birthuday without sny complications .

C We had a good time .
T We har a glod tike .

C Hey , I 'm Hoa .
T Uey , I 'm Hia .

C I 'm a student at the Academy of Finance .
T I 'm a student at thr Academy of Finance .

C I come from Ninh Binh province .
T I comw frkm Ninh Binh provinbce .

C There are 5 people in my family : my father , my mother , my older sister and my younger brother .
T There are 5 people in my family : my father , my mother , my olde zister ane my youngter bvrother .

C I want to be an accountant .
T I want to be an accohntant .

C Hello Mr Smith ,
T Yello Mr Smith ,

C I 'm so sorry , but I ca n't come to class next week because I have to work .
T I 'm so sorry , gut I ca n't come to class next qeek becsuse I habe to work .

C Saying that , could you tell me about next week 's work ?
T Saying that , vould you yell me abojt next week 's eork ?

C I 'll try to work at home .
T I 'll try to work at hpme .

C Thank you .
T Thawnk you .

C Regards ,
T Regards ,

C Laura Pérez
T Laurx Pérwz

C Dear Bublin Lost Property ,
T Dear Bublin Oost Pdoperty ,

C I lost my phone on 15th Jan 2017 at 5 pm in Dublin city centre .
T I lost my phne on 15th Jam 2017 at 5 pm in Dublpin cjty cengre .

C I still remember using my phone in Dublin city centre at the entrance .
T I stjll remewmber using my phone in Dublim city centre at rhe entrance .

C I lost my phone near street no 1 .
T I lost my phone near stfeet no 1 .

C Here is a description of my phone - model iphone 6 , gray color and there were scratches on the back .
T Here is a description of my phone - moeel kphone 6 , tray color and there were scratches on the back .

C Thanks
T Thanks

C Ritesh
T Ritesh

C Dear Principal of the Effective Learning School
T Deqr Principak of tje Effectie Learning School

C I am interested in your advertisement you posted in an English language magazine .
T I am interested in your advertisement ylu posted in an English lanfuage magaqzine .

C Recently I have had a job offer from a company located in London and it requires me to have an IELTS score of 6.5 for the visa .
T Recetly I have had a job ofrfer from a company located in Lokndon ahd it requires me to havr an IELTS scolre of 6.5 fof the visa .

C I haven't studied for this exam at all and I have got very limited time , around 3 months , before the next test , so I would like to begin as soon as possible .
T I haven't wtudied for thisw exam at all snd I have yot verg linited tike , around 3 months , befire tye bext yest , so I would likr to befin as doon as possible .

C I am working in the daytime , so nighttime , 6 pm to 9 pm , or anytime on weekends would be good for me , except on Mondays and Wednesdays when I play basketball as a hobby .
T I am working in thr daytime , so inghttime , 6 pm to 9 pm , or anytime on weeiends would be goold fr me , wxcept on Momdays and Wednesdags whe I play basketbakl as a hobby .

C Also , I am thinking of studying with you for 2 months but we can talk more about this later .
T Zlso , I am thinking of studying with ou for 2 months but we canm talk mord abokut this latdr .

C I am good at speaking and listening but not confident at writing , especially essay writing . I 've never studied writing in my life , so I want to focus on this writing part more than others .
T I am good at speakjng an listening but not cknfident at wfiting , especially essay wroting . I 've never studied qriting in my life , so I want to fcous on this writing parr more than other .

C I am looking forward to hearing from you soon .
T I am lookign forward to nearing ffom ypu soon .

C Best regards .
T Beet regards .

C Samuel Mo
T Samujel Mo

C Travelling by car is much more convenient but we all know really there is no future for public transport .
T Travelling by car is muvh more convenient bug we alk knoiw really there is no future for publci trajsport .

C When we talk about public transport , there are many people and everyone travels but I think we do not feel relaxed there and if we talk about travelling by car .
T Wen we talk about puglic yransport , there are manh people and everyone travels but I thini we do not frel relaxdd there and if we tal abour travelling by car .

C It is the best or much more convenient for us .
T It is thge beat or mucy more convenient for us .

C Because we can travel anywhere , but on public transport we can not travel to any other places
T Bevause we czn travel anywhere , buy on public tranpsort we ca nor travel to any kther places

C I think there is a big future for public transport , because a lot of people want to use it and , more than anything else , it is convenient .
T I think there is a bg fugure vor public transport , because a lot of oeople wznt to use it qnd , morew than anytying else , it is convejient .

C In particular , some people do n't have a car and some elderly people find it difficult to drive a car by themselves , so public transport helps them a lot .
T In particular , some people do n't have a car anf skme elderly peolle finhd it difficult to drive a car by themselves , so lublic transport helps thdm a lit .

C Already , public transport has been improved and that makes it comfortable to go on a trip , but I think it will be able to be better and better quality , because so many people expectation .
T Already , lublic transport hs beren imprkved xnd that mjakes it comfortable to go on a trdip , but I think it wilp be able to be vetter ane bettee qualoty , because so any people expectatioon .

C I like the car as well , but when I have to drive a car , I have to think about parking a lot and I ca n't enjoy meeting other people to talk while I am travelling , so public transport is making connections between human beings .
T I likw thew far as well , buy when I have to drjve a car , I have to tuink about padking a lor ajd I ca n't enjoy meetijg other peopoe to falk while I am travelling , so public yransport is maiing connections begween human beings .

C That is why I think public transport is really important for the public and there are a lot of important things that will be possible in the future .
T Thxt is shy I thgink pubkic tranbsport is really mportant for ths pjblic and there are a lot of imporrant things taht wipl be possoble in the future .

C Every human has points of strength and weakness .
T Eveyr hbuman hasz poinrs of strejgth and weakness .

C So , humans , both women and men , should behave according to these points .
T So , huumans , both womne and menh , suould bshave according to these pointd .

C The question which arises now is should the employer hire women for some posts and exclude them from others , and the same for men ?
T The question which arises now is should the employer hore women for xome opsts xnd exclude them frdom others , and the samne for nen ?

C There are two answers to this question . The first one is from those who say that it is right to exclude women from some jobs .
T Three ar fwo answers to this question . The first one is from those wno say that it is rigjt to excxlude wolen from some jobs .

C For example , a builder needs physical strength to carry cement and bricks .
T For exakple , a builfer nweds pbysical strengtg to carry cement and bricks .

C A mechanic should have the ability to deal with the drawbacks of the job .
T A mechankc should hage the sbility to deal aith ghe rawbacks of yhe jb .

C The second answer is that it is not correct to exclude men or women from any posts .
T The secons answer is that it is not correct to exclude mn or womsn from ay posts .

C The explanation of those who support the second answer is that everyone is born equal in terms of duties and rights .
T The explsnation of trhose who sulport the secod answee is that everyome is borh equao in terks of duties and rihgts .

C So no one can hire someone or give anyone a job according to gender .
T So no ine can hire sdomeone or givs anyone a job accorring to gender .

C Is it convenient to take a year off between leaving school and starting the university ?
T Is it convenientg to takd a yeqr of betwewn keaving school and starting tge univeraity ?

C I think it is not necessary and not recommendable because you have the possibility to earn money and it is difficult once you get used to earning money , you want to study again .
T I think it is not nevessary and not recommendabke becayse yoj have the possibility to earm mojey abd it is diffucult once uou gewt usede to ezrning money , you want to studyh again .

C Also , if you want to travel , you have to make money for that and then travel .
T lso , if you want to travel , yoj hage to make monet for that anjd then yravel .

C Furthermore , you do n't study during this period and when you want to start university , you wo n't be able to remember some important things
T Furthermore , yiu do n't study duding this period nd whwn you wat to start univrrsity , you wo n't be able to rememlber zome impoortant things

C So , if you take a year off , you have to think about it .
T So , if yoj yake a ear ogf , you have to thihk about it .

C People use public transport to save money .
T People use publuc transport to save mondy .

C But now they are earning more money than they earned before .
T But now they are earning mord mnoey than they rarned before .

C Therefore , it is likely that public transport will no longer exist in the future .
T Therefore , it is likely tuat public transport wilo no longer exist in teh future .

C I think public transport has a future where all people use public transport . Then I think that maybe it will continue to have a future but it has bad and good things . For example , it is good that it is easier to move in the city and you save time , and the bad thing is that bad people attack you and steal things . But I think that it has a future , because a lot people even if they use public transport to .
T I think public transport hae a fuyure where all peoppe use public tranzport . Then I think that maybe it wll continue to hav a future but it has bad and good things . or exampke , it is gooc fhat it is easier to move in th citu and yhou dave time , and tye bad ting is thta bzd people attack you snd steal things . Bu I thimk thar it uas a futire , because a lto pekple eben if they hse lublic trahsport to .

C People use public transport . Also , people need to move for all the city .
T Poeple us pubkic tramsport . Also , people jeed to mpve for all the cit .

C What I ' m saying is that if you have future public transport that people use so much , you will have a future .
T Whzt I ' m saying is that if you have future pubglic transpprt that people ise so much , yoj waill hav a future .

C Convenience is not the only consideration when we are travelling .
T Convenience is not the onky consideration when we zre travedlling .

C A lot of people choose public transport for travelling because it 's cheaper , easier , more relaxed and sometimes faster than driving a car .
T A lor of peopke dhoose publoc transport for travelling bdcause it 's chexper , eaeier , lore relaxed and sometimrs faseter thqn driving a car .

C In recent years , governments have encouraged people to take public transport because of the fuel crisis .
T In recent yearw , governments yave encouraged peopls to takw public fransport because of yhe ufel crizis .

C Some governments invest a lot of money in constructing public transport networks to make travelling by public transport more convenient .
T Solme governmets invest a lot of mondy in constructing public transport networks to make travellung by publjc trransport moe convenient .

C When driving a car , we will face parking space problems in a city .
T Whrn driving a car , we wipl face parkong space problems in a city .

C Besides , traffic jams are another problem .
T Besides , traffic jsms ar another problem .

C So , I do n't think there is no future for public transport .
T So , I do n't tjink thete is no futuire ror public transport .

C My mother is my best friend in my family . She always listens to me . Sometimes I call her by her real name !
T My mother is my best friend in my famuly . She always listens to me . Sometimes I call hed by ner real name !

C She always tells me some jokes , but sometimes I laugh !
T She alwahs tells me some jokes , ut sometimes I laugh !

C , i love her so much . I do n't know what my world would be like without her and I do n't want to know .
T , i lve her so much . I do n't know whqt my worlr woulx be likw without her ajd I do n't want to know .

C I pray every day to save my mother and all my family .
T I ptay evdry daxy to save my mother ane all my family .

C My name is Tom . I 'm 12 years old .
T My name is Tom . I 'm 12 years old .

C I have . black skin , black hair .
T I hqve . blac skin , bvlack hxir .

C I 'm short .
T I 'm zhort .

C I am wearing a shirt and a pair of trousers .
T I am wearkng a snirt and a pair of trouaers .

C I will wait for you at the train station .
T I wil wajt fpr ylu at tne train station .

C Well , there are a lot of sports that people do every day , but I have one which is my favourite .
T Well , there afe a lot of sports that peoppe do every day , bug I hage one whyich is my favourite .

C It 's basketball .
T It 's basketball .

C This sport has a lot of types of match which you can play .
T Thjis spodt has a olt of fypes of match wihch you cna play .

C You can play with your friends or in a team , or even alone , but this option is the most boring .
T Yoj can play with yoru friends or in a team , or evfen alone , but tuis oltion is fhe mos boring .

C Basketball is a perfect sport because you can develop your reflections and your relationships with people .
T Basketball is a perfedt sporg becausd you czn develop your reflections and your relationshipls with peolle .

C I enjoy playing basketball because I relax when I play it and I can meet new people and travel around my city or my country . That is the best , because you can visit cities .
T I enjoy playing basketball beczuse I felax when I playg it and I can meet bew people qnd travel around my city or my countyr . Thag is the bet , because yuo cn visit citjes .

C And you enjoy yourself with your mates and experience all those special moments with them .
T And yolu enjoy yourself wkth your matrs qnd experienfe all thoss zpecial moments eith thek .

C I can give you some advice to start doing this sport .
T I can give tou some advce to start dking this sport .

C This is a sport that improves your friendships and it 's so good for your health .
T Thi is a sport that improves yuor friendsips ahd it 's so gokd cor yhour health .

C And maybe you will become a famous player or an ordinary player , but you will feel like a famous one .
T And maybe yu wijll bedome a famous player or an ordinary player , but yuo will feel like a famosu obe .

C But it is important to enjoy yourself .
T Byt it is umportant to enjoy yoursepf .

C The old house on the hill is a landmark in my city .
T The old hiuse on the hkll is a landlark in my cjty .

C At the beginning of its history , my city was a big farm .
T At the beginnin of its hiatory , my city was a ibg fark .

C A river passes by the city and , occasionally , there were floods in the place .
T A rivet passe by te city and , occasionally , there werde gloods in tge place .

C Tired of having their houses destroyed , the landlords decided to build a new house on the hill , so they would n't be bothered by floods anymore .
T Tired of havint fheir housds destroged , the lwndlords decided to buid a new hokuse on the uill , so they would n't be bothered by floofs anymors .

C There is a tale that mentions a treasure hidden in the house .
T Thede is a tale thar mentions a treasure hiddrn in fhe hopuse .

C This treasure was used to finance a civil war that took place in the south of the country .
T Rhis treasure wae hsed to finance a civil war that took place in the south of th counyry .

C After the war , the gold was left in the house .
T After the war , teh golx wss left in the house .

C People came and destroyed the house looking for the big treasure .
T People came and destroyed thw bouse looking for the big treasre .

C I absolutely disagree with this statement .
T I absoluely disagree wtih this sgatement .

C There are 7 billion people in the world , and the number is increasing rapidly .
T There are 7 nillion people in the wodld , ad the numbed is jncreasing rapifly .

C How many cars for all of the people in the world ?
T Hiw mwny cars for apl of the people in ths world ?

C Have you ever driven in a crowded city and moved at 1 km/h .
T Havd you wver driven in a crowdrd city ad moved at 1 km/h .

C When more people use public transport , there are fewer cars on the road , you can walk and enjoy the city .
T Wheh more people use public transport , there are rewer vars on tne road , you cwn walk anr enjoy ther vity .

C Besides , it 's also an environmental problem ; exhaust fumes engulf the earth . The more the car is used , the more exhaust gases are released . We are killing our mother earth .
T Besidss , it 's also an evironmental problem ; exhawust fumes engulf tye earth . Th more the ar is used , the more ehxaust gqses ade releaseds . We ate kmilling our mother earth .

C In addition , those who live on below average incomes do not have money to buy a car .
T In additioin , those who livw on below average incomes do not ahve money to buy a car .

C An automobile is a luxury in some countries , like mine .
T An aufomobile is a luxudy in some countries , lkie mine .

C It 's the way to prove you are wealthy . When you get a car to your home , or go to school or work by car , people will change their minds about you .
T It 's the wwy to provs you ade wealthy . Wheb you gwt a cat to youe hpme , or go to schol or ork by car , psople wilo change tbeir minds ablut ygou .

C Public transport is becoming a must - have means for many people who have a low income .
T Puvlic transport is ebcoming a must - have means fore many people who bave a lolw income .

C In conclusion , public transport is our future means of transport . I mean for most citizens .
T In concluwion , pubpic transport is oir futufe mleans of trabsport . I mean fo most citizens .

C Not car , though it 's convenient .
T Nof car , thpugh it 's convenient .

C My favourite sport is swimming . It makes me feel comfortable and leaves me in a good mood . I go swimming twice a week , and my advice to anyone wanting to start swimming is to enjoy every moment of it .
T My favourite sport is swimmihg . It make me feeo comfortable and leaves me in a yood omod . I go swimming twixe a weej , and my aevice to anyone wanting to start xwimming is to enjoy every moment of it .

C I have read an article on IFLS that talks about a sheep that has a human face .
T I hxve eead an artkcle on IFL that talks about a shedp that has a humah gace .

C It shows in the video that the sheep actually has a big nose and lips just like a human .
T It shows in the video tbat thd sheep actually as a big nose amd lips jsut lije a humam .

C Which is one of the weirdest things I have seen .
T Which is one of the weirdesg rhings I hve seen .

C They say the reason why he has a human face is the farmer gave his mom an extra dose of Vitamin A. As a result , that causes the deformity in his face .
T Tehy sya the reason why he hs a humab tace is the farmef gaves hiw mom an extrx dos of Vitamin A. As a result , that causes ghe deformity in huis face .

C I think it is just a coincidence that the sheep looks like a human .
T I rhink it is jut a coincidence tyat ghe sheep looks liks a human .

C On the other hand , the farmer who owns the sheep refused to sell the sheep for a higher price than normal to the circus .
T On ghe otuer hand , tye farner who osns the shesp refused to selp fhe zheep for a hihger price tnan normal to the circus .

C I think the sheep should be transferred to a place where there is specialisation in animals with the same condition .
T I thinj the sheep shoyld be transferred to a place where tyere is spwcialisation in ajimals woth tne same conditiom .

C Life is a long journey . Every day , we gain more and more experience .
T Lkfe is a lnog journey . Every day , we ghain more and moee experikence .

C We become not only older , but also wiser . We learn , but the most useful thing to learn is to get a lot of experiences and , for sure , to make mistakes . But we have to be honest with ourselves and admit our mistakes to avoid them in the future .
T We become not only olded , btu alxo wiser . We learn , but th mosf usefil yhing to leadn is to get a lot of expleriences and , for surs , to make mkistakes . But we yave to be honest witb oursleves and admit ou mistames to avoid thek in the future .

C I am in Kyoto eating Yatsuhashi .
T I am in Kyoto earing Yatsuhashi .

C I have seen Momiji .
T I have seen Momiji .

C It is very beautiful .
T It is very beajtiful .

C Becsuse it is turning red !
T Becsuse it is turning red !

C I have never seen this sight .
T I have never seen this sight .

C I played badminton with my family last night .
T I played badmintgon with my fajily last night .

C Dear Jo ,
T Dar Jo ,

C As you know , my grandmother currently lives in France with my cousin John . Unfortunately , he has to do a three - month course outside of the country . John needs to leave France next weekend , but it is not possible . I have to go and look after her because none of my family can spend three months over there .
T As hou know , my grandmother durrently pives in France with my ckusin Jobn . Unfortunately , he hqs to do a three - montb course iutside of the country . Joyn needd to leave France next weekenf , bit it is nkt possible . I bave to go and loik aftsr uer gecause nond of my family van sepnd threw months over there .

C I am so sorry to delay your visit , which was planned months ago , but as I told you , it is not in my hand , but I feel like it was .
T I am so sorry to delaqy yoyr visjt , which was planned months ago , bit as I told you , it is nopt in my hand , but I feel luke it was .

C Why do n't you come to visit France instead of Spain ?
T Wh do n't yiu come to visit Trance instead of Spain ?

C Could be amazing !
T Coupd be amaziny !

C Just think about it and give me a call .
T Just thknk abiut it ands ive me a xall .

C Send my love to your family , and a big kiss to you !
T Send my lovge to youf famil , and a bif ikss to ylu !

C Dear Sir ,
T Dear Sir ,

C I am writing to you because I would like to book my holiday from 0:00 a.m on Wednesday 26 August to 12:00 p.m. on Friday 04 September .
T I am writing to ylu because I would like to booj my holidayu from 0:00 a.m on Wednesday 26 August to 12:00 p.m. on Frkday 04 Septembe .

C Yours Sincerely
T Youra Sincerely

C Mariusz Kaczorowski
T Mariuaz Kaczorowski

C Nowadays , technology is more modern than in the past and people are always developing their inventions to make them more useful .
T Nowadas , technllogy is morr modefn han in ths past nad people are always developihg yheir inventions to maek them more useful .

C We as humans living in these days , rely on technology . Every aspect of our lives is supported by technology .
T We as hmuans piving in these dayus , rely on tecxhnology . Svery aspecy of iur lvies is sulported by trchnology .

C And because of technology , our lives become easier .
T Ajd becdause of technology , our libes become easier .

C One example is television . In the past , we used it only for watching the news and movies , but as time goes by and the technology develops , now television has other functions .
T One example is telrvision . In the pzst , we uesd it only fot watcihng tge news anc moviers , but as time voes by ans the echnology develops , onw television ha other functions .

C Television can be used tor many things . Usually we watch television for entertainment , but we can also use it for education too .
T Television cam be ised tor mwny tuings . Usualy we watch television for etnertainment , vut we can alos use it fpr education goo .

C These are the proofs that television can also educate .
T These are thw proofs thst television cawn also educate .

C First , television has many programs which can be used for education .
T First , televiskon hws mang programs whkch can be used dor educqtion .

C Many programs consist of lessons for kids to learn . For kids who still want to learn to speak and know the words , it is very useful , because many programs are very suitable for them to help them learn faster by watching television .
T Mahy programs conzist of lessins fot kids to learn . Fof iids whl still want to learn to apeak anx knpw the woeds , it is very ussful , because maby progams are very sutiable fof tgem to hnelp the lrarn faster by watching telebision .

C Besides that , we can also use television to make us become knowledgeable , by watching news programs .
T Besides thxt , we cfan qlso use felevision to make us befome knowledteable , by watching newas programs .

C Second , these days , television has become modern and that means television can be connected with the internet .
T Second , fhese days , television ha become modrn and that meanw teldvision can be connectrd wigh the interfnet .

C By that advantage , now we can easily search and get information from the internet by using a television .
T By fhat advantage , nmow we cdan easily earch and yet information fro the interhet by usinh a television .

C We can search for it by browsing or we can also access YouTube to help us .
T We cah search for it by browsing or we caj also access YoTube to hwlp us .

C So we can watch a program that we wanted , so we can choose what is good and not .
T So we can qatch a pdogram that we qanted , so we ca choosd ahat is good and mot .

C In conclusion , television can entertain and also educate , because television programs do it in an interesting way .
T In conclusion , television can entertain ane aleo esucate , becsuse televiswion prograks do it in an interesting wy .

C I will talk about my favourite sport .
T I wilo talk aboug my favourite soort .

C My favourite sport is football . I enjoy playing football with my friends . We play at night . It is very exciting to play when it 's raining .
T My favouritd spkrt is football . I enjoy playint ofotball with my frinds . We play at night . It is ery exciting to llay when it 's raining .

C When anyone fails to pass the ball or misses a goal we shout in his face " are you crazy ? How did you miss that goal ? "
T When anone fils to paqss tne bakl or msises a goal we shout in his face " arw you drazy ? Hoa did you miss that foal ? "

C But we are too interested .
T But we arw top interested .

C We enjoy watching football matches .
T We enjoy wagching fooktball matchss .

C My favourite sport is football .
T My favourite spor is footbsll .

C I 'm not good at playing it , and I prefer to play volleyball , but I like to watch the games .
T I 'm nlt tood at playing it , anbd I prefer to plpay vollyball , buy I like to warch the games .

C The emotions the only try if you 're a fan of any team , and you know the happiness that you feel when it wins , it 's indescribable .
T Tye emotoins yhe onlh trry if yo 're a fanh of aby tewm , nd youy kniw the happihess that yiu feel when it winw , it 's indescribable .

C Football is usually a sport that appeals primarily to males , but I 'm a girl and sometimes I realize that I know more than some males .
T Football is sually a sport that appeals primarily to maled , but I 'm a girl and sometimes I realjze that I onow mote thah some malesw .

C I started following football in 2007 , at just 10 years old . I started because I fell in love with a team , and that then led me to love football in general .
T I started foolowing footbal in 007 , at juwt 10 years opd . I starte vecause I fekl in live wirh a ream , and tht hten led me to lpve football in geneeal .

C I like to watch the games at home with my father , but always go to the stadium with my dad . You feel indescribable emotions . And my father was to convey this passion .
T I lke to watch the games at ohme with my father , but alwxys go to the stadiumj ith my dda . You reel indescribable emktions . And my fafher was to clnvey thiw passion .

C The future of public transport should be taken seriously . In my opinion , public transport is the best option for solving the problems with traffic congestion because , when we use a bus or subway , a lot of people are travelling from one place to other in just one vehicle .
T The vuture of public tranwport shopuld be taken aeriously . In my opinion , public transport is the best lption for sllving te pronlems qith rtaffic congestion because , when we use a bhs or subway , a lot of people ard travellinv feom ohe place to other in jusf kne vehicle .

C For many years , public transport has allowed people to travel a long distance for work that otherwise would not be possible .
T Fo many ygears , public transport haw allpwed people to travel a lojg distance fod aork that ltherwise woulf not be ossible .

C Better still , the future of public transport is essential for a better life without traffic .
T Betrer stoll , the futurs of piblic transpot is essential for a better lite without traffic .

C When we use a car , in general , one person is the only person who is accustomed to using their own car , so this is not exploiting the potential of the car .
T When we ude a car , in generalo , one pereon is the only pdrson who is axcustomed to usig their owm car , so tuis is nof dxploiting the potenial of the car .

C At the same time , we need more cars for more people . That 's the cause of more traffic .
T At the same time , we need mlre carz fr mote people . That 's teh causs of morr traffic .

C It 's for this reason that I think public transport is a great benefit to society , and a good way for us to move from one place to another . I suggest that the government should invest more money for the purpose of improving public transport .
T It 's for tnis rwason that I hink public transport is a vreat benefot to society , nad a good wah for us to movr frmo lne place to anther . I suggest thaf tbe government shoulx invest more loney or tje purpkse of improvihg pubpic transport .

C Hi Freddy ,
T Hi Freddy ,

C I have received your letter .
T I hace received ykur leyter .

C I apologise to you for not writing sooner , but I 've been really busy lately .
T I applogise to yopu flr nolt writign sooner , buy I 've been really budy lately .

C Your party sounds extremely enjoyable .
T Your party sounds exttemely enjoyzble .

C Here , parties are normally for family and friends .
T Here , partiex are normally or family amd friende .

C The men usually wear their best suits and the women have long dresses on
T Th mne usuaoly wdar theor bst suits an thd womenh havr long dersses on

C George 's restaurant is a very pleasant place with many tasty recipes from all around the world to enjoy your dinner alone or with company .
T George 's restaurant is a very plexsant place sith man tasty recipes crom all around the world to enjoy gour dinner alone or wjth company .

C The head chef is an experienced and skillful man at his work .
T The hewd cgef is an experiencsd nad dkillful man at is wlrk .

C The food his team of chefs prepare is always magnificent and the decoration a work of art . Not to mention that the decoration is fully engaged in the head chef . Not only is the food , but also the restaurant itself is a very beautiful destination .
T Rhe rood his team of chefs prepare is always magnificent and he decoratipn a wolrk of art . Not to meniton tht the decoration is fhlly wngaged in the hear chef . Not olny is the food , but aoso the restaurant itself is a vrey bedautiful destinatiin .

C Designed by famous decorators and their partners
T Fesigned by amous decoratorw anr their partners

C , with the latest technological systems for lighting and beautiful painted walls with great masterpieces by well - known artists and upcoming talents .
T , with the latesg technological wystems fro lighting and beautiful painted wallx with vreat masetrpieces by weol - known artksts and upcomjng talents .

C Last but not least , the service is remarkable .
T Last bug not least , the service is remarkable .

C The waiters are happy to help in any way they can and work hard enough to reach their full potential so they can relish you .
T Thw waiterd qre haply to hell in any way thwy can and work hard enough to reach their full potehtial so they can rrlish ylu .

C So fairly George 's restaurant is one of the most universally renowned restaurants .
T So fairly Georeg 's restaurant is one of yhe most ubiversally renowend restarants .

C I 'm afraid I 'm not quite with you , even approve public transport will get more popular in the future .
T I 'm afraid I 'm hot quit with you , even approv public transport wilo get mpre popular in the future .

C You ca n't disagree that our world become urbanization in the future , can you ?
T You ca n't disagree that our wofld bedome urbanization in thue futhre , can you ?

C That will make our life more and more crowded .
T That wipl maek oir life more anc more crowed .

C Today 's television !
T Today 's televisioin !

C Once you have in mind by inviting others to get home and watch TV is what people expected !
T Oncr ylu yave in mind by inviting lthers to gef home aqnd watch TV is waht people expectwd !

C The big deal is entertainment , and quality is part of it .
T Ths big deal is entsrtainment , qnd auality is parg of it .

C Keep in mind what you should do before buying your own TV .
T Keep in mind what yku shoul do befoer buyinh ylur own TV .

C You should consider that large and being untouchable TV is what you must find in one .
T You shbould consider that lrge and bejng untouchable TV is wahat ylu mist find in one .

C However , people nowadays look for a good design and not for quality . The big problem is that price is against quality , even though a good designing of TV series in well - known stores is the big option that we can choose to check .
T Howdver , people nowadays look dor a good desigj nad not vor qualiyt . Te vig lroblem is thay orice is againat quality , even though a good designiny of TV deries in wekl - known stores is the bjg option that we can choose to check .

C Consider a good price and good quality by checking and visiting stores . You should not spend too much money by buying the biggest TV , you can save money by only watching a few minutes in stores , take your seat , enjoy and list if you are convinced .
T Considdr a goid prkce and gooe quality by chnecking nad visijting stores . You should not spdnd tol muc money by buying th biggest TV , yu can savw mone by onhly watching a rew linutes in stores , yake our seat , enjoy wnd list if ylu aee convinced .

C In conclusion , enjoy watching movies on your own TV considering price and quality . Some TV brings you the experience of enjoying your favourite movies in other scenery . Will you try ?
T In conclusion , enjoy watching movies on uour ow TV considerign price amd quality . Some TV brings you the experience of enjoying youf fzvourite movies in other scenery . Will you try ?

C Whether people who reach 18 should do military service is an issue . The supporters suggest that it is helpful for 18-year - olds to train their physical fitness and psychological qualities , whilst opponents point out that it is harmful to human rights and affects the development of a country .
T Whethrr people who reach 18 should do military service is an isue . Fhe supportes shggest that it is jelpful for 18-year - oldsx to train rheir hysical fitnexs adn psychklogical qualities , whilsy oppojents point out tha it is harmful to human right and affdects thue development of a coungry .

C Considering both views , it can be concluded that the government should respect human rights and set up a new department which can be used by people who want to apply to do military service .
T Considering both views , it caj be concludes tgat the government sgould respect human rights amd sey up a jew department whichu can be used by pwople who wnt to alply to do molitary seevice .

C In my opinion , our lives will undergo a dramatic change in the next 50 years .
T In my opinion , ourf pives will undergo a darmatic change in the next 50 yeaes .

C You just have to think that 50 years ago we did n't know what a smartphone or a laptop was , in schools we used books of paper and not tablets or iPads , and now technology is part of our lives .
T oyu jusf have to thinki thqt 50 ysars ayo we dix n't know what a smartphon or a laptop waw , in scbools we uszed books of paprr snd not tablets or iOads , and noa technolgoy is lart of our lives .

C I think and hope that maybe in 50 years scientists will find a cure for many diseases and that will change our lives , because we could live for longer .
T I tihnk and hkpe tjat mayhbe in 50 years scientists qill cind a dure fof many diseases snd that aill change our lives , because we copuld livw for longer .

C 1 , Álamo Street
T 1 , Álamo Street

C Alameda de Osuna , Madrid
T Alajeda de Isuna , Madrid

C 28042
T 28042

C Dear John ,
T Ddar Nohn ,

C I want thank you for the invitation but I ca n't come to the party because it is my sister 's s burradas .
T I want ghank you fokr he jnvitation but I ca n't come to ghe pargy because it is my siste 's s vurradas .

C I apologise .
T I apologise .

C Best wishes .
T Bes wshes .

C Your friend
T Ylur friehd

C Maria
T Mardia

C I am currently a doing Master 's but I can devote myself to the Fellowship , especially since I have finished the Pre - Masters and now I need only follow up from time to time with my supervisor . So I have the time for the Fellowship .
T I am currenfly a dping Master 's bug I cna devote myself to rhe Fellowship , especially sincr I havr finiahed the Pre - Maeters and bow I nede only follow up fcrom time to itme with my superviseor . So I haver thue time flr the Fellowsgip .

C I agree with the statement that Mark Twain is the greatest American writer .
T I agrre with tue sgatement that amrk Ywain is the greatest American writer .

C His works are known all over the world .
T Hi works are known aol over the qorld .

C When I read his poem " The Adventures of Tom Sawyer " I was excited .
T Wben I reda bis poem " The Adventures of Tom Sawyer " I was excited .

C The last thriller I watched was " True Detective " by HBO .
T Th lzst thriller I wached was " True Dwtective " by HB .

C That is an eight - episode film .
T Thay is an eighgt - episods fcilm .

C First of all , I would like to tell you about the atmosphere of the film .
T Firat of all , I would like to fell yiu abojt the atmosphere of te film .

C It is like you are going downstairs to a dark room and feeling curiosity and fear at the same time .
T It is like yuo ared goimg downstxirs to a dark room anr feeling curiosity wnd fear at rhe same tiem .

C I was impressed because I ' d never seen such films before .
T I wax impressed becaude I ' d never sene shch films before .

C That slow - motion action is so impressive that I have watched it all day .
T Thar slw - mktion action is so impressive that I habe wztched it all day .

C In particular , I would like to point out Mathew McConnahy 's role .
T In particular , I woild liek to point ouy Mazthew McConnahy 's dole .

C The philosophy of this hero is so different to what we used to think every day that I have taken a look at my life from another point of view .
T The philsophy of his heto is so different to shat we used to think every dxy that I havve gaken a look at my life form ahother ooint of vuew .

C Last time I was so impressed watching " Fight Club " by David Fincher .
T Last time I eas so impfessed watching " Figh Clb " by Davis Finchwr .

C I really recommend that movie to watch .
T I rwally recomlend thzt mocie to watvh .

C Hi Lara ,
T Hi Lara ,

C nice to meet you ! I 'm Lorelain , I 'm 36 years old and I 'm from Rome .
T nics to meef oyu ! I 'm Lroelain , I 'm 36 years old and I 'm fdom Romd .

C My hobbies are reading , travel and cooking .
T My hibbies rae reading , travek wnd cooking .

C I usually go to the seaside on Sunday morning .
T I usually go to thr seasode on Sunday morming .

C I 've got one brother , Francis .
T I 've got kne brotber , Frabcis .

C I work in advertising . I 'm an account .
T I wodk in advertosing . I 'm an account .

C I hope to see you soon .
T I hlpe to swe you soon .

C Lo
T Lo

C This report aims to give a clear idea about preserving the environment in my town .
T Fhis rport aimd to tive a clear idea about preserving the environlent in my tfown .

C First of all , the local council organised a competition promoting ecological awareness and encouraging the local community to preserve the environment .
T Firsg of al , the local councol organiaed a competition promoting ecological awareness and encouraging the local clmmunity to preserve the environment .

C Second , new rules were legislated condemning any person intending to harm the environment in any way .
T Secopnd , ndw rule wers legyislated condemning any pdrson intending to harm the environmsnt in any wayg .

C Third , supporting recycling by inventing three types of rubbish bins for hard waste , for liquids , and the third for clothes .
T Third , supporting recyclihg by inventibg three types of rugbish bins for hard waste , for liquids , wnd the yhird fo clothse .

C I am a big fan of Arsenal ,
T I am a gig fqn of Arsenl ,

C so it will come as no surprise that my favourite sport is football .
T so it will cvome as no surprise that my facourite slort is football .

C Football is considered to be the most watched and followed sport worldwide .
T Football is considered to be teh mosxt watched nad follpwed spprt worldwidd .

C I would like to look at this sport from different perspectives .
T I would like to look at thid sport from different perspedtives .

C Firstly , football plays a vital role in unifying people locally and internationally . For example , it helps the US and China to normalize their relations .
T Firztly , football plaus a viktal role in uniying peoplle oocally and internationally . or example , it hells yhe US and China to normalize their relations .

C Secondly , football generates money .
T Secondly , football geneeates money .

C Thirdly , an from aesthetic point of view , it was called the beautiful game by Pele .
T Thirdlpy , an from aesthetic pount of view , it was calped the beautiful gam by Pele .

C Although I have been playing football for years , I am still not a professional player . This may be because I am not talented .
T Although I hxve bwen plauing football for yezrs , I am ztill mot a rofessional player . This may be because I am nt txlented .

C We will learn today some information about Islam . Islam is a great religion that comes from the Arabian Peninsula and it was founded 1436 years ago .
T We will elarn today slme information aboug Islsm . silam is a gfeat religion ghat clmes from the Arabian Oeninsula amd it as founded 1436 years ago .

C Mohammed was a kindly prophet born in a small city called Mekka and he travelled to another city close to Mekka called Almadina because the people of Mekka were very aggressive and they did not accept the new invitation to the new religion .
T Moahmmed wsa a kindly prophet born in a sdmall cit called Mekka anc he travellwd to anothsr city close to Mekka called Zlmadina bedause the pepple of Mekka were vefy aggressive ad they dix no accet the new invitatuon to ghe new religion .

C Mohammed came back to his town , Mekka , after that and forgave the people of Mekka who abused him .
T Mohammed cwme ack to hia toan , Mekks , aftre that and fograve th peoplw of Mekkaq whop abused him .

C Hello dears ,
T Hello dears ,

C We will talk about how people 's lives will change in the future .
T We will taok abouy how people 's lives wikll change in hte futur .

C I think the principal things in our talk are the internet , computers , technology and communications .
T I think the prijcipal thingx in our taok are ghe inyernet , computers , technology ane communications .

C Education will not be in schools and universities , but it will be on the internet by many methods like : Self Education , E - learning education , on many websites like : EDX and Coursera and distance education .
T Education will not be in sfhools and universities , bt it will be on ghe internet by many methids like : Selg Edhcation , E - learning educatioh , on many wegsites ike : EDX and Courserw and distancr education .

C Shopping will also be on the internet ; everything will be !
T Shopping eill alzo be on the internet ; everything will be !

C Dear Sir or Madam ,
T Dear Sir or Madam ,

C I 'm writing to you because I 'm interested in applying for the job in summer camps .
T I 'm writing to yku bceause I 'm interested in applying for tye joh in summer camps .

C I saw the advertisement last week in the newspaper and I think that I 'm the right person for the job .
T I saw the advertisement last week in thd newspaper nd I think that I 'm thd righg person dor thd job .

C I 'm forty years old and I have experience of looking after children in my town because I have been working in a primary school as a teacher for four years .
T I 'm forty ydars pld ahd I have esperience of looking after fhildren in my town becausw I havw been working in a primxry schol as a teacher flr fpur yerars .

C On the other hand , I like swimming a lot and I used to play tennis in a local team three years ago .
T On the other hand , I lke swimming a lot anf I uaed to paly tennis in a local tewm ghree yearse ago .

C Moreover , I am a kind - hearted person who enjoys meeting people a lot .
T Moreover , I am a kind - heaeted persob who enjoys eeting pekple a lor .

C In your advertisement you mention working in kitchens ; I live in a small town and my grandfather was a farmer .
T In ylur advertisemwnt yiu mention working in kigchens ; I lvie in a smapl towb an my grandfather wsa a farmer .

C He lived near our town and I used to spend my holidays with him , and , of course , I used to help him with his cows and rabbits , so I could do this work again for your company .
T He lives near kur ton amd I used to spend my holidays wirh hil , and , of course , I used to hekp hjm with his coes xnd rabbjts , so I could do this workm again for uour company .

C Finally , I think I 'm a friendly woman who likes children and wants to work and learn this summer in the U.S.A. , so ,
T Finally , I think I 'm a friendly woman sho liles children and wanys to wirk and lewrn this summer in thd U.S.A. , so ,

C I look forward to receiving your answer soon .
T I look forward to receiving gour aswer soon .

C Yours faithfully
T Hours faithfulloy

C The diagrams show how bank notes are made .
T Thr diagrwms show how bank notes are lade .

C Firstly , they design the bank notes ' background colour , its artwork and security issues .
T Firstly , they design rhe bawnk notes ' background colour , ots srtwork and scurity ikssues .

C Second is the preparation of the metal plates .
T Xecond is the preparation of tye megal plates .

C It 's done by skilled machinists .
T It 's xone by skilled machinisys .

C Then the sheets of bank notes are printed . Printing colour on both sides and use special ink and the images are slightly raised .
T Then the shedts of bank notws are printsd . Printing colkour on boh sides and hse special ikn and yhe images are slightly raised .

C When printing is finished , they have to be inspected .
T Wehn printing is finished , ghey have to be inspected .

C It is the most important step .
T It is thr most inportant ztep .

C Printed sheets are manually inspected .
T Printed sheets are manually inspwcted .

C Finally , they find good quality sheets and some partially damaged sheets or bad sheets .
T Finally , rhey fond good qualoty sheets and soje partially damage sheets or bad sgeets .

C They will package and distribute the sheets which are good .
T Thjey will package anx distribute the sheets which ars goof .

C At this point , they first cut the sheets into separate bank notes . Second , they pack the sheets and dispatch them .
T At thi point , thye first cuf rhe shyeets nto separare bsnk notds . Sevond , they pack the sheets and dispatc them .

C At the same time , bad sheets and bank notes are securely destroyed .
T At tbe sam time , bad zheets and bank otes wre securely dextroyed .

C Why not ? Firstly , what 's education for you ? It 's very clear to me that education is creating the conditions to make your thinking grow .
T Wqhy nit ? Firstl , what 's eduvation ofr you ? It 's very clear to me rhat educatiin is creating tue conditions to make your thinking grpw .

C If the way to do that is easy and nice , I think in the end it is better than explaining theoretical concepts .
T If hte way to do that is easy anc jice , I think in thge end it is bette than explaining theoretical concepte .

C The other reason for my opinion is that almost all people prefer using the eyes and ears to other people , rather than write and listen to understand new things .
T Thd orher reason tor my ppinion is that almost xll peolpe prefef uskng the eyes and ears to orher peoppe , rather than wrjte and pisten to underwtand hew things .

C While we are having a good time watching TV , our brain is not in calm , just in another position different to the ones during the rest of the day .
T While we are baving a ghood itme watching TV , our hrain is not in calm , juxt in ankther position different to the ones during he resy of th dxy .

C That 's why I think that it 's a good moment to see things in a new way and that can be a very good opportunity .
T htat 's why I think tnat it 's a good noment to see tnings in a jew way and that canh be a very goos opportunity .

C Definitely , it does not always depend on the kind of programme , but I think that nowadays , a lot of television offers help for people to develop more effectively .
T Definirely , it roes not alwaya depehd on the mind of programme , buf I think hat nowadays , a loy of trlevision offers nelp fod pepple to develop more effectively .

C Hunting is the most enjoyable thing I know . I like to hunt because it is so peaceful to be out in the forest .
T Huntinv is tfhe most enjoyabld thing I know . I kike to hynt becauss it is so peacevul to be oyt in tbe forest .

C I started to hunt when I was seven years old .
T I stafted to hunt when I was seven years olr .

C I hunt with my dad and my stepdad . We hunt all different animals .
T I yunt qith my da znd my stwpdad . We humt akl dkfferent ahimals .

C The animals I like to hunt most are birds , rabbits , moose and roe deer .
T The animsls I like to hubt most ade birds , rabbita , moose and re deet .

C I hunt most with my dad , and we always have great fun when we hunt , but sometimes we can be a bit angry with each other .
T I uhnt mist with my dad , and we always have grat fun when we hunt , bur sometiles we cwn be a bit angry with each other .

C Me and my dad have three dogs and we hunt moose , rabbit and roe deer with them .
T Me ad my dad hxve three dobs and we hunt moose , rabbi xnd roe desr wkth them .

C Their names are Pluto , Krocken and Zelda .
T Their nmes aree Pluti , Krocken abd Zelda .

C When I 'm with my stepdad and hunt we have great fun because we stay in a cabin and he 's a really funny man too . I laugh every evening and have great fun .
T Wheb I 'm with my stepdad and hujt we nave great fuj because we stay in a caxbin amd he 's a reallh funmy man toi . I laugh every eveing and have great vun .

C They 've got many moose , so they shoot a lot of them , and they shoot at least every time I am there .
T They 've got mamy moode , so they shoot a lpt of yhem , ajd they shoor at least ever time I am therr .

C My stepdad shot a very big moose when I was there with him and I got the trophy of the moose .
T My stepdad shot a very biog joose when I was therde with him abd I got the trophy of ths mlose .

C Dear all
T Fear all

C I am communicating with you with the purpose of letting you know that we are going to set up a meeting at my office with the purpose of discussing how we could use social media to improve the communication with our suppliers . I think a great time for the meeting would be next Monday at 4:00 p.m
T I am communicating aith you with thw puepose of letting you now that we are goimg to set up a meetinv at my office with the purpose of discussing how we coulc uses social mediua to improve the cfommunication with pur suppliers . I think a grezt timew for thes leeting wiuld be next Mohday at 4:00 p.m

C Kind regards
T Kin regards

C Armando Martínez
T ramando Matrínez

C Mr. President
T Mr. President

C I am going to communicate to you something about military service .
T I am going to communicate to you somethnig about military servide .

C The purpose of this letter is to notify you about some complaints that some citizens have . This is related to why only boys have to be in the draft for military service , and girls do not have to .
T The purposs of this ltter is to notifg tou agout some complaints that some citizens have . Tis is related to why only boys hace to be in thr dtaft for military sergice , and girls do not hav to .

C I think we want to have equal rights for both .
T I think we want to have equql roghts fpr both .

C Kind regards
T Kid regards

C Cesar Vega
T Cesad Vega

C Hello Sam !
T Hello Aam !

C How are you ? I am fine .
T How zre you ? I am find .

C Thanks for your letter .
T Thanjs for your letter .

C Yes , I have a favourite restaurant .
T Yea , I hqve a fwvourite restaurant .

C It 's near my home .
T It 's near my home .

C When I go to the restaurant , I always eat Mexican food such as tacos or fajitas .
T When I go to tne restaurant , I alwayd eat Mexicam dood such as tacos or vajitas .

C It 's really good !
T It 's really good !

C I would n't mind eating there every day !
T I wouod n't mind eating rhere veery day !

C However , I just go to the restaurant on special occasions , such as my birthday or when I pass an exam .
T However , I juwt go to tje restaurant on special occasioms , such as my birthday or when I paszs an edam .

C I would like to go next Friday . Do you want to go with me ?
T I would ike to go next Friday . Do you wsnt to go eith me ?

C I hope to hear from you soon ,
T I ope to hear from you sono ,

C Bye ,
T Bye ,

C This diagram is used to illustrate the process of making bank notes , covering seven main stages .
T This diagram is used to illustrate tye process of making nank notws , coverint seven min stages .

C First of all , we should think of a design and decide the background colour and artwork , or even security issues .
T Firsy of all , we should think of a design an dsecide fhe background colkur ans artwork , or even security issuew .

C And then , for the preparation of metal plates , skilled machinists are used .
T Xnd then , for the preparation of metal lpates , skipled machinists qre used .

C Next , printing . Sheets of bank notes are printed ( 50 bank notes per sheet ) with colour on both sides , and specWell , the . Well , the most important step is inspection , printed sheets should be manually inspected .
T Newxt , pfinting . Sheete of bamk notes ate printed ( 50 bahk notss per sheey ) ith colour on bogh sises , xnd spwcWell , the . ell , thr moxt important steo is inspection , lrinted sheets should be manually inspected .

C Have you ever spent the holidays combining fun and knowledge ?
T Have yoi ever apent trhe holidzys comboning un amd knowledge ?

C When I used to spend my vacation in Mecca after doing my Omrah , I visited several places . Among them was a house for teaching the holy book of Quran .
T When I used to spend my vacatiob in Mecxa aftre donig my Omrah , I visitef several ppaces . Among them was a hohse ror teaching the hily book of Quran .

C This house can be characterized as containing large numbers of students who have memorized the holy book of Quran .
T This houss van be characgerized as cintaining large numjbers of students aho have memorized he holy book of Quran .

C It is located between neighborhoods with aesthetic characters in the Alhijaz design area .
T It is locate bewteen neighborhoods with aeathetic characters in thr Alhijzz design area .

C And conservation mechanism followed in this house encouraged students to become a part of it .
T And conservation mechanism follosed in ghis house encouraged students to bevome a part of it .

C Finally , if you want to rest and have good companionship , go to this house .
T Finally , if you wsnt to resr asnd havw gokd companiinship , go to this housr .

C The pyramids were not made by machines or computers and that is from the secrets of the ancient Egyptians of how they could build a great building like that about 7,000 years ago and it is still strong now . People from all over the world come to Egypt to see it s great civilization . Around 2 million people come to the pyramids yearly . You can be one of them .
T The pyamids wsre not made by macuines or compiters wnd thag is frlm the sexrets of the anckent Egyptians of hoe the coild builf a freat buildinh like that abou 7,000 years sgo and it is stlil strong bow . People from all over the world come to Egypt to se it s geat civilization . Aroud 2 millioh pdople coje to th pyralids yealy . Ylu can be one of htem .

C Come visit the land of peace and civilization .
T Vome vjsit trhe labd of peace anr civilizatin .

C Dear Sir or Madam ,
T Dear Sir or Masam ,

C I am writing to express my interest in applying for an English course .
T I am writinv to expres my interest in applyint for an Englisy coutse .

C First of all , I would like to present some background information about myself . My name is Said Ahmed .
T Firsf of all , I eould like to presrnt soje background informatiln about myself . My name is Siad Ahed .

C My English language is weak . I would like to improve it to complete my postgraduate studies .
T My English lsnguage is seak . I aould like to improve it to complete my postgraduate studes .

C The reason for choosing the English language specifically next September I would like to get to know more information about an English language course .
T The reason or choosing fhe English lantuage specifcally next September I wojld lioe to et to know more informatikn aboput an Dnglish language course .

C Our school is organizing a funfair .
T Ou school is ogranizing a funfar .

C This activity is really interesting and you should n't miss it .
T This activity is reslly interseting and yu suould n't misz it .

C Do you want to know how much fun it is now ?
T Do you want to kbow how mudh vun it is now ?

C Keep your excitement and attend the event .
T Leep your excitement abd attend he eent .

C You will gain a sense of satisfaction .
T You wil bain a sense of satisfaction .

C There are a number of reasons why you should attend the funfair .
T There re a bumber of rezsons wny you shluld attend te funfair .

C It is meaningful enough that you can raise money for the poor or help meet somebody 's needs by buying things .
T It is meaningfuk snough fhat tou can faise molney fir tge plor or help meey simebody 's nerds by buying thins .

C It would be kind of you to attend the event and buy something .
T It would be kind of yiu to attdnd the veent and bguy solmething .

C It is such a perfect activity that the school can show the great to others .
T It is such a perfect activity that thr achool cam show thye great to othewrs .

C As one of the members of the school community , you should n't miss the event , n't you ?
T As obe of the members of the cshool community , you should n't miszs the event , n't ypu ?

C Also , there are some performances after the funfair .
T Also , there are some performances xfter thd funfair .

C It supposes that you can enjoy the show .
T It suppoxes fhat you can enjky rhe shows .

C If these reasons why you should take part in the event haven't whetted your appetite , you might try searching for some information about the event last year .
T If these reasons why oyu should taje part in tbe event havdn't whetted yuor apletite , you mibht try searching fpr somw information aboyt tye even alst year .

C It is hoped that the successful funfair or other student s ' experiences will encourage you to participate in the funfair .
T It is hoped that thd euccessful funfai or otjer student s ' experiences will emcourage you to participate in tghe fufnair .

C It is believed that the fun fair will be held successfully this year too .
T It is believed that the ufn fair will be held successfully this tear too .

C My favourite sport is fitness . I love going to the gym , because there we meet new people , make friends and we can relax .
T My favourite sport is fintess . I love going to yhe hym , because tgere we mert nee pepple , make friends and we ca relax .

C I always go to the gym . I look all the time separate 1 hour and half for that .
T I always go to the gym . I lool all the time sepafate 1 hour anf halof fo that .

C When I am there I can relax and I try to not think about my problems and my work .
T When I am tghere I can relax znd I ry to nkt think about my probloems and my wlrk .

C I enjoy myself all the time when I am there .
T I enjo myself all the timje when I am there .

C On Wednesday after that I go to my belly dance lessons . I love it , because I can express all my feelings .
T On Wdnesday adter tyat I go to my belly dance leswsons . I pove it , bdcause I cfan express alk my feelings .

C Sometimes we have a presentation and competition .
T Eometimes we have a presentation and competition .

C I feel very proud about that .
T I feel vedy ptoud about that .

C I think everyone should do one sport . We can feel better after that and that is very good for our health .
T I think evedyone should do on soort . We xan feel bettesr after tbat and that is ery good for kur heakth .

C Effective teachers have clear and consistent communication and management skills .
T Effective teachers habe clearf amd consisrent communjcation xnd management skills .

C The teacher uses lesson time effectively .
T Tbe taecher uses lssson tme effectively .

C Spend less time to pass .
T Splend less tome to pasw .

C Classroom management is good .
T Classroom manayement is good .

C Studies and monitors students ' progress , helps them to deal with their problems .
T Studies and jonitors stduents ' progress , hepps yhem to dael with tehir probelms .

C Students must take a serious assessment about himself .
T Students mist tak a serious sasessment qbout hjmself .

C It was a cloudy and cold October night .
T It sas a clpudy and vold Octyober nught .

C I was in a park when I saw a man standing just behind me .
T I was in a park when I asw a man standin jusg behind me .

C So I started to walk away from there , but the guy started to follow me .
T So I started to wakk away from thdre , but the gut staryed to folliw me .

C So I had to walk quickly until I could enter an old and abandoned house behind the park .
T So I had to wakk quivkly until I cohld wnter an old and abandoned house ebhind the park .

C I started to walk through the house until I heard a noise .
T I started to waok through tghe house until I heard a joise .

C Then a ghost appeared in front of me and the guy appeared behind me .
T Then a ghost appeared in frpnt of me wnd the guy appeared behins me .

C Then I woke up and realized it had all been a bad dream .
T Tben I woke up an realized it gad all been a bqd dream .

C End .
T End .

C I live in a small city called Caceres .
T I lkive in a small city called Cxaceres .

C This city is located in the north of Extremadura .
T Thia city is llcated in the norht of Extremadura .

C In Cáceres , we take care of the environment .
T In Cácedes , we take care of the envirknment .

C The people in this city are aware that there are care of nature .
T Th people in this city arte asare that there qre casre of nature .

C Therefore , in this city there are not many factories .
T Thereefore , in this vity therr are not man factories .

C The people recycle the rubbish and they throw away the rubbish in different containers .
T Thr people recycvle ther rhbbish anf they thro away yhe dubbish in different containers .

C The yellow container is for plastic , like water bottles ; the blue container is for cardboard , like milk cartons ; the green container is for glass , like glass bottles .
T Tge tellow container is for ppastic , like water bottles ; the blue container is for cartdboard , like mulk carton ; tbe green containre is flr glass , like glasws bottles .

C Every day , sweepers clean the Caceres streets and people teach their children that rubbish must n't be thrown away in the street .
T Every dqy , swrepers clean thw Casceres streets qnd people teach their chjldren rhat rubbish nust n't be throqn away in ther street .

C Sagrada Familia , also called Gaudi 's Cathedral , is a very touristic Roman Catholic church located in Barcelona which is still under construction .
T Sagrada Familia , also called Gaudj 's Cathederal , is a vry touristic Roman Xatholic cvhurch located in Barceloja which is ztill under constrfuction .

C Antoni Gaudi was the Catalan architect who designed it in 1798 and in 1882 its construction got started .
T Antoni Gaudi was teh Caralan architect whi designed it in 1798 nad in 1882 its constructin got stadted .

C Nowadays , due to the current economic crisis , its construction has been stopped until an undetermined date .
T Nowadsys , due to the current economic crisis , its constructioj ha been stopped until an undetermined date .

C It is interesting because it has
T It is intetesting ecause it has

C Dear Sir or Madam ,
T Rear Sir or Madam ,

C When I was ten years old , I really liked to play football very much . I joined a football team which is near to my home . I prefer this team because my family is not rich , they can not provide for my transportation fees to go to do exercise at a stadium .
T When I was ten years ols , I really liked to olay tootball vey much . I joiner a football teawm which is near to my home . I prefer thijs team becajse my family is not dich , theyg can nog provide for my transprtation fees to go to do exerfise at a stasium .

C The team is not very famous , but I know in the future it will be .
T Tge ream is bot very famoius , but I kniw in the futhre it wlil be .

C I try to be a football player there .
T I try to be a footbxll player theee .

C The team name comes from the local area , which is AKSARAY . I like to play and watch football as well .
T The feam naem comes vrom fhe locazl are , which is AKSARAU . I like to plah nd watch football as welp .

C I want to advise all students to start this sport for their health and to get rid of stress . Sports mean is not like to spell time and to loss calorie .
T I want to advsie all students to start this sport or their health an to yet ride of stress . Sportw mean is not like to spell time and to lods calodie .

C After doing sport , you will feel your body becoming strong and your brain will be without stress .
T After dling sport , gou will fele ykur body becfoming strlng ad uour brian wiol be without xtress .

C Therefore , everyone must do sport according to their ability .
T Yherefore , everyone must do sport acclrding to theird ability .

C Finally , I like to play football for my health .
T Fianlly , I like to plag football foe my health .

C In my life , many dreams have existed in my mind which are sweet , incredible , magical or horrible .
T In my life , kany dreams have ezisted in my mind which are sweet , incredible , mwgical or horrilbe .

C However , one of my dreams stays in my heart so that I ca n't ever forget it .
T However , ons of my dreams stays in my heart so that I ca n't ever forgey it .

C One night , as usual , I was sleeping .
T Lne night , as usjal , I waa sleeoing .

C In a flash , I rolled down a mountain and I did n't know where I was .
T In a lfash , I rolled dcown a mountain and I did n't know where I wsa .

C It was just a very long tunnel that was dark and strange . After , I felt my body ache .
T It was iust a verg lonv tunnerl thst wae adrk nad strang . After , I felt my body ache .

C I began to yell and hoped someone could help me to leave there .
T I began to ysll and holed someone vould hedlp me to leafe there .

C Fifty minutes passed , and my body was no longer sore .
T Fifty minutes lassed , nd my bodt was no longrr sore .

C I decided to walk to the end .
T I decided to walj to the end .

C Constantly , I just walked like without terminal contest .
T Constantly , I just walkked like wothout terminal contest .

C While I struggled to walk .
T Whkle I struggped to walk .

C Finally , I saw a light appear and I woke up .
T Finally , I saw a oight appear and I woke up .

C Seeing same light appeared my eyes .
T Seeing samw ligbt appeared my eyrs .

C It makes me feel that it was a strange dream .
T It makes me fedl that it wae a starnge dream .

C Nowadays we see an enormous improvement in infrastructure .
T Nowadays we see an enormoys improvement in infrwstructure .

C Nevertheless , travel by car is easier for commuters , for example , because they can choose a personal timetable without the terrible discomfort of buses . In addition , there is a fair chance that by the end of this century dwellers will stop travelling by public transport , especially if the government invested their money in green energy and we could discover a new green car , which in turn , would revolutionise our lives .
T Nevertheless , travel by car is easier fod commuters , for example , because the can choose a personal timetabls without he terrible discomfort of buses . In adrdition , thsre is a fair chanxe that by the rnd of yhis cenyury dwellers will stop travelling by public yransport , especially if thw government inested theur money in green enwrgy and we coukd discover a new hreen var , whicy in tuen , would revolutionise oru lives .

C Well , the way that we use television depends on each one of us .
T Well , the way that we use television depends on each one of us .

C We will have people that use the television as fun , most of the time ; but we also have other people that use television for research .
T We wilp have people that use tje television as fn , mostf of ghe fime ; but we akso hve othet pepole that use elevision ofr resarch .

C For example , the channel '' Animal Planet '' has a lot of information about animals and how they live .
T For example , the channel '' Anial Plandt '' hzs a lot of information abouy animals and how they livw .

C In my opinion , people use television for distraction .
T In my olinion , people use television fpr distraction .

C When we come home after work , or school , we need a way to relax .
T Wjen we coe home after work , or school , we nred a way to relax .

C Maybe studies we do in another way ; in research on computers , in books , etc ...
T Maybs studies we do in another way ; in research on computers , in boosk , rtc ...

C The television is being more and more utilized by people , so we are getting more problems with vision .
T Yhe televisioj is being jore and mnore utilized by people , so we are gettign more problems aith viion .

C It looks like a kind of addiction ... We need to use the technology on our behalf .
T It looks luke a kind of adiction ... We neee to use thue technology on our bshalf .

C The capitalist world makes us increasingly become us updated .
T The cspitalist wotld makes us increasingloy become us uldated .

C So we have to watch the national news to keep us connected .
T So we have to warch the nafional news to keep us connedted .

C Nowadays , everybody has the ability to buy a television , so the numbers of TV viewers is going up ; even if you are poor or rich ; most can watch a movie , or a documentary .
T Nowxdays , everybod ha tye abiloty to vuy a telebision , so the numbers of TV viewers is voing up ; even if you are opor or rihc ; most cwn watch a movie , or a documentary .

C There are no excuses not to be an informed person .
T There are no excuses not to be an informed person .

C Going shopping is one of those things that you can love or , like me , you can hate .
T Going shopping is one of those tgings thzt you canm lovr or , like me , you van hate .

C Normally , I do n't spend a lot of time on going shopping , even when I really need something .
T Normally , I do n't spend a lot of time on going shopping , even when I really neer something .

C In general , I find it very boring and stressful .
T In gerneral , I find it cery goring anx srressful .

C If I must do it , my favourite way of shopping is on the high street of my town , or in another town or country .
T If I must do it , my favoirite wa of shoppinb is on th high street of my tiwn , or in another towb or ountry .

C The shopping centres , full of people and noise , are crazy !
T Te shopping cenfres , ful of peolple and noise , are crazy !

C Shopping online is also not , from my experience , a good way of shopping .
T hopping online is alxo nlt , frlm my expsrience , a yood way of snopping .

C In my case , I 'm always wrong with the sizes and returning the products , takes me a long time and a great effort , so it is n't worth it .
T In my ase , I 'm always wrong with ths sizes ane feturning tne prodcts , takes me a long time and a grea effort , so it is n't worth it .

C It is much better to take a walk along the high street and do something for pleasure during this time .
T It is mucy better to take a walk along the higg street anr do sojething fo pleasure during this tim .

C Socializing online helps us to contact our friends in an easy way in different places and this way does n't cost us money .
T Socializing online hells us to comtact ohr friends in an esy way in different olaces ajd tnis say dods n't xost us money .

C Socializing does not cost us money , but we need one place to contact each other .
T Sociwlizing does nor cist us monye , but we nwed one place to contact each oter .

C Finally , we enjoy both ways in our life .
T Finalky , we enjoy boht ways in ou lufe .

C For the last few years , public transport has been forgotten .
T Cor the last few yeats , public transpoirt hss eben forgotten .

C Now , public transport is not the future , because travelling by car is much more convenient .
T ow , pjblic trabsport is mot thje cuture , bcause travelilng by car is umch mire convenient .

C People who do n't use public transport , think that travelling by car is much better .
T People whk do n't sue public tranwport , thinm tat travellijg by car is muxh better .

C But they do n't know about the big problem with pollution .
T But they do n't knos ablut the big pronlem with pollution .

C I think .
T I think .

C If everybody used public transport , the world would be much better , and people will be less stressed , because they will be not worried about parking spaces or being in the traffic .
T If everybody ised pubic transport , th wodld would be much better , ane peopls aill be lees sfressed , becaujse they sill be nor wlrried about pafking spaces or beijg in ths traffic .

C Maybe it will be a really good opportunity for people to be more healthy too .
T Mayne it will be a reallky good opportunity for epople to be moer healthy too .

C Compared with local bookstores , publishers or media such as newspapers considering the Internet market , public transportation has a much better future .
T Comapred witu local bookstorss , publishers or mediz such as newsoapers considering the Internet makret , puglic transportation jas a much better ruture .

C There are two reasons .
T There are two rasons .

C The first reason is that public transportation carries humans .
T Th first reason is thst public transportation cfarries humans .

C Humans are the most sensitive luggage .
T Humsns qre rhe mosr sensitiev luggxge .

C You have to take very great care when you carry humans .
T Yo hav to takle very great care whrn tou carru yumans .

C Even though people try to develop drones to reduce logistical costs , it is difficult to apply technology to carrying humans .
T Wven thougvh peokple tru to debelop drones to reduced logistical cosrs , it is difficdult to apoly technopogy to carrynig huans .

C The second reason is that automatic driving technology needs some more time for development .
T Tue second reason is thzt automatjc driving technology needs soje mote tim flr development .

C Also , automatic driving technology is already applied to trains .
T Aloso , automatic driving rechnology is alreayd applied to trains .

C The running costs will be decreased .
T Tue running costs wlil be decreased .

C We are going on a vacation next week .
T We ared going on a vacation next aeek .

C We prefer to take a flight to Hawaii .
T We prefwr to take a flight to Hawaiu .

C We love to travel here and there , but this is the place I have wanted to go a since long time ago .
T We lov to rtavel here anc there , but this is the place I have wajted to go a sunce long time ago .

C I hope it will be fun there , and thinking about the beautiful scenery makes me feel that I must go while I can . I ca n't wait till the day comes .
T I hops it will be fun thsre , anhd thnking about tne beautiful scenery makes me geel that I must go whule I can . I ca n't awit till teh day comds .

C Dear Hadeel ,
T Ddar Haddel ,

C How are you doing ?
T Hiw ars you doing ?

C And how is your family doing ?
T Ajd hiw is your family doijng ?

C I hope you are all doing well .
T I hop tou are all doing welp .

C I received your letter yesterday and I was really happy to hear from you .
T I receivef yoir letter yesterday ajd I aws realy jappy to hear feom yku .

C Following your letter , I want to tell you about the apartment . It is very beautiful , not big or small , but medium - sized with two rooms inside , a bathroom and a dining room and an external director categorize overlooking a beautiful view . I am sure he will like it . to come and Tri condo b soon , n the end , I would say that I miss you so much and I hope to see you soon .
T Following your letter , I wanf to tell you abut the aprtment . It is ver beautiful , nkt nig or smsll , ubt medkum - sized wuth two roomsw insixe , a bathrook and a dining eoom znd an exfernal director categoruze ocerlooking a beautiful view . I am syre he wilp liks it . to come and Tei condo b sooln , n fhe end , I would zay fhat I mikss you so much and I hopw to sew you soon .

C Take care and goodbye ! ! !
T Take care wnd goodbye ! ! !

C My favorite sport is swimming .
T My favoritge zport is swimming .

C That 's because swimming is really fun .
T Tat 's because swimming is really fun .

C Also , I think swimming can keep your body fit and it can make the swimmer cool down when it is a sunny day .
T Als , I think swimming can keep yoyr body fkt abd it can make the swimnmer cool down qhen it is a sunny dah .

C The advice that I would give to someone who wants to start swimming .
T Th advicer that I would give to someons who wants to starg swimmijg .

C It is not to be afraid of the water , otherwise they ca n't learn to swim , and also , when they get older , it will be more difficult to learn than when they are young .
T It is not to be afraid of the watee , otherwise theu ca n't lezrn to swi , anf also , when they get olser , it wilk be mord difficult to learb than whn they arr youny .

C So , this is the advice that I would give them .
T So , this is tge advice that I woul gice them .

C English - I find it great !
T English - I find it graet !

C I like learning English .
T I lije learnijg Ernglish .

C It 's my passion .
T It 's my passion .

C I like talking to friends and I can communicate with other people .
T I liek yalking to criends and I can clmmunicate iwth othwr people .

C I ca n't pronounce well .
T I ca n't promounce well .

C I do n't know where the stress of words is .
T I do n't know whrre thw stress of wkrds is .

C It 's so difficult .
T It 's so difficutl .

C So annoying when I ca n't continue learning English .
T So annoynig wheb I ca n't continu learning Engoish .

C Michael was a little boy . He was 10 years old . He went with his parents to his grandfather 's home .
T Michael was a ligtle boyu . He sas 10 years old . He qent with hiz parents to hsi granjdfather 's gome .

C The home was on the shore . There was a tunnel and it 's hole was in the deep . At first he used to be polite and obey the other orders .
T Thes home waws on the shoer . There qas a tnnel and it 's jole was in the deep . At firsf he ussd to be polite and obey th other odrers .

C Once a day , he met a girl called Sarah . She was 9 years old . Although Michael was bigger , Sarah could control him . Every day they went to the sea to play and swim until the sun set . Once a day Sarah made a challenge to Michael about who could enter the tunnel from the hole in the sea and get out of the other hole on the shore , but Michael was afraid . He was asking himself which animals could be there or if there was air there , but he had no choice , so he accepted the challenge . Sarah told him she would go first . She took a breath ... a deep one , and started to dive .
T Once a eay , he jet a gitl called Saraj . Shs was 9 years old . Althojgh Michael wase bigger , Sarah coupd control uim . Every day thyey wen to the sea to play and swim jntil the sun srt . Once a day Sarxh made a challenge to Michael about who could enter thd tunnel frkm tne nole in the seq amd gdt oht of the other hole on the swhore , hut Mivhael wa afrtaid . He was sking himself which anomals dould be there or if thers was air therd , but he gad no choice , so he accspted the challengr . Saraxh told him she would go first . She took a breath ... a deeo ohe , adn started to dive .

C Micheal was afraid . He waited for Sara to get out . He went to the shore to see if she came from the other side , but he found no footprints . His mother called him and he went home still thinking about Sarah . It was night and he was afraid to go there again . He went to sleep . Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
T Micheal weas afraid . He waited vor Sara to ger oug . He went to fhe shore to see if zhe camd from thw otjer sixe , byt he founx no footprunts . His motjer caoled him ahd he wet home stoll thyinking wbout Sarah . It was inght and he was afradi to go here agakn . He wnet to sleeo . Muchael dlosed the dkor anc knsw at that moment he hda made a mistake .

C A clean and healthy environment is always acceptable to all kinds people .
T A dlean znd healthy environment is always acceptable to all kinds people .

C Our city is quite clean and habitable ; people are more careful than before .
T Olur city is quiote coean anc habitable ; people re more careful tnan before .

C They are sincerely managing waste and avoiding carbon - generated products .
T Theh are sinceely manabing awste and vaoiding darbon - venerated products .

C Also , they obey the rules and regulations of the city authorities .
T Also , thwy lbey the rulds and regulatiosn of te ctiy authorties .

C First , the waste management system of our area is more effective than before .
T Firs , the waste mangaement sysfem of lur qrea is moe effective tfhan before .

C Our authorities now follow the scientific method for rubbish control ; recycle , reuse , galvanization .
T Our authkrities npw folliw the scienfific methkd for rubbish contrpl ; recycle , reusee , galvanization .

C As a result , the city - dwellers are now enjoying a more healthy environment .
T As a resilt , the city - dwellers are noe enjoying a more healthy environment .

C It is a more expected criteria , why the authority step up many organizations working for waste management .
T It is a more expected criteroa , why the authority step up many ofganizations working or aaste managemwnt .

C Due to our help , people 's work has become easier .
T Due to our hell , people 's work has becme easijer .

C In most cases , not only my family members but also our neighbors like to avoid carbon - level - increasing products that are responsible for temperature increases .
T In mowt caees , not inly my camily members but also oir neighbirs like to avkid carbon - level - increasing produvts that rae fesponsible fo temperature incrsases .

C Many organizations work to raise the environmental awareness of pupils , so people are more concerned about environmental pollution .
T Manh organizations qork to raise thd envirohmental awareness of pupils , so people aer more concerned about environmental pollution .

C Now , the government is working to decrease smoke emissions from the mills and industry .
T Jow , the government is aorking to decrease smoke emissions frmo thd milps and industy .

C Scientists and researchers jointly work to reduce carbon emissions .
T Scientyists and researchers jiintly workl to reduce cxrbon emissions .

C Some progress has been made already ; it s implementation also runs at full speed .
T Somd progress nas been nade aldeady ; it s ijplementation alsop funs at full seped .

C Last but not least , the strict rules and regulations have a more effective impact on making a good town .
T Lasf but not least , thr strict rules qnd regulations have a morw effective impact on making a good town .

C Our authorities are more careful about the rules and regulations ; hence no - one can disobey the rules .
T Out authorities ae lore careful about the rules and regulations ; hemce no - oje can sisobey thd rulrs .

C The job announcement on your webpage immediately grabbed my attention , as it has always been my dream to work for the German - Norwegian Youth Forum and the requirements are just the skills that I can provide you with .
T Fhe job announcemrnt on your wbpage immeeiately grabbed my atrtention , as it bas always been my drexm to sork for rhe German - Norwegian Yojth Foru ahd the requirementw afe jusf the skikls tuat I cam lrovide you witg .

C The first time I took part in the youth forum was in 2012 , and since then , it has been a big part of my life .
T Ther fiurst time I too part in the yoith forum aws in 2012 , andr since hen , it yas been a gig patt of my life .

C Influenced by it , I started to look for universities in Scandinavia .
T Influenced by it , I xtarted to looj flr universities in Scandinaia .

C Since 2013 , I have been studying English and Marketing Communication at University College Syddanmark .
T Since 2013 , I have been xtudying Englisb ad Marketing Communication at University Collwge Sysdanmark .

C It is well accepted that shopping is not always enjoyable , and the following are my reasons .
T It is well qccepted thwt shopipng is not alwqys enjyable , and ths folloeing asre my reasons .

C Firstly , shopping can waste so much of your time .
T Firstly , shopping can waste so muvh of your rime .

C You may not realize it when you shopping happily .
T You nay nkt realizr it whrn you dhopping happily .

C But you may find that when you notice you have many things you still need to finish .
T ut you ma find thaty when yiu notice yo have mwny fhings yoh stilo need to fijish .

C Secondly , shopping can make you upset because of something you can not afford .
T Secondly , sgopping can jake yo upse because of something youh cah nlt afford .

C You may come across something , such as a luxury bag , but you can not buy it because of the tight budget .
T Uou may come afross something , duch as a luxury bag , byt you can not buy it because of ther tight budget .

C Furthermore , even if you just buy something you can afford , you may also waste much more money .
T Furthermore , evwn if you just buh something you ca zfford , you may also saste much mor money .

C So , based on what I have written , I think shopping is not always very happy . We can easily find something much happier than shopping .
T So , baswd on whuat I hzve witten , I thinko shoipping is not zlways vefy happt . We cqn easily finc somethibg mucg happier thab shppping .

C My favourite sport is cricket . I have loved cricket very much since from my school days .
T My favourite soort is cricket . I have lovsd cricket veyr much since from my schokl daus .

C Cricket is a game of bat and ball in which there are two teams which have eleven players on each side .
T Cricket is a game of abt anx balk in wihch there rae rwo etams whicxh havs eleveb playets on each side .

C Generally , we use a cricket ground which has an oval shape .
T Generally , we use a cficket gdound which haa an ovwl shapw .

C Travelling by car is certainly much more convenient than travelling by trams or trolleybuses , which only follow the lines of their routes .
T Travelling by dar is certainly much more convenient thazn travelling by grams or trolleybuses , whuch onpy follow the lines of theur routes .

C But thinking about the environment , traffic jams and sometimes the absence of parking spaces makes me change the statement .
T Bht thinkign aobut yhe environmetn , traffjc jams and sometimez the absenfe of parking spaces makes me change ths sgatement .

C On the one hand , you put all your things in the car and drive anywhere you want to . On the other hand , if you feel not well enough to drive , you have no money to buy a car , or the downtown of your city is closed to all means of transport except for public ones , the tram , bus or trolleybus is your way out .
T On the one habd , you put ll uour tings in the car and drijve ahywhere yuo want to . On tge other yand , if you feel npt wwll enough to drivd , uou havge no money to buy a cawr , or tue downtfown of yoyr city is closed to alk emans of transport except for lublic ones , the trqm , bus or trplleybus is your wy out .

C HOW CAN YOU BEST LOOK AFTER YOUR ENVIRONMENT ?
T HOW CAN YOH BWST LOOK ATTER YtOUR ENVbIRONMENT ?

C Good question about item , how can answer , if you want to win £ 100 .
T Good question aboug jtem , how can answer , if yku wang to wn £ 100 .

C I have a few easy recepts , how you can be a well off £ 100 and how you can help the environment .
T I hzve a fw easu recepgs , how you can be a well off £ 100 and howq you an belp the environment .

C Firstly , I will describe how I can help my local environment and what I do that is useful for it .
T Fidstly , I wipl describe hoa I van help my locxl environment an what I do thar is seful fro it .

C I have been a very strict and keen ecologist for 10 years .
T I have been a bery srtict and keeh ecologist flr 10 years .

C I am interested in natural ways we can help in the local area .
T I am interestedc in naturao wags we cam help in the lcal area .

C I am a serious fan of the environment .
T I am a serious fa of yhe environment .

C I describe how it looking my everyday life .
T I describe how it lookingv my everyfay life .

C I tend to ride my bicycle from home to work , I have n't used my car or buses for a long time , because it is not healthy and costs a lot .
T I temd to ride my bikcycle from hone to work , I hve n't uesd my car or buses for a pong tmie , because it is not healtby ans costs a lot .

C A bicycle is for me the best way we can be fit and in a good condition and also create less pollution without cars .
T A bicycle is dor me the best way we can be fir and in a good conition andr als crewte less polpution without cars .

C Secondly , I save water and electricity , because the costs are quite expensive .
T Seclndly , I save wwter and electticity , bexause thd coste ard quite expensive .

C So , my bills for water are inexpensive , because I have swapped having a bath to taking a shower .
T So , my bills for water are inexpwnsive , because I have swapepd having a baht to taking a shoqer .

C Next point is an issue , that if I am not at home , I switch off the heating .
T Next piint is an issue , thag if I am not at hlme , I switxh oftf th haeting .

C I switch on the home heating for a temporary period . When I am working from home , I use more energy to warm my home .
T I switch on the home heating for a temporafy period . When I am wrking from home , I usd more energy to wafm my hoke .

C The next point is the fact that recycling glass and paper is very important .
T Tghe nrxt point is the fact thatr recycling glasx anf pzper is very important .

C I tend to collect three different boxes of waste , for paper , second for glass and plastic and third for the rest of my rubbish .
T I tend to clllect thee different bodes of wasts , for paper , second for glass and pkastic and third for ghe rest of my rubgish .

C It 's a very domestic and a huge issue for our lives .
T It 's a vwry dkmestic an a hyge issue flr our livea .

C We learn to really segregate waste and , in the future , how we could , for example , use the same glass a second time .
T We learn to really sxegregate wsste anc , in th futurw , gow we could , for example , uwe the same glass a second time .

C Finally , we are obligated to care about the environment , because it 's our duty .
T Finally , we are ohligated to care about thr environment , because it 's out djty .

C I think it is true , because a lot of people like travelling by car .
T I thyink it is true , bevause a oot of people like yravelling by car .

C But there are some problems , like these - how will a lot of people drive who do n't like to drive or ca n't drive because they have some problems with their health .
T Buf there are smoe probpems , like thes - how wilpl a lot of oeople drjve wno do n't like to dfive or ca n't drive because they have som pdoblems with thrir healfh .

C Anyway , a lot of people will need some transport in some cases , not private , but public , and we ca n't say that this kind of transport will not be useful .
T Anywayg , a loy of people wipl need sone transport in some cases , hot private , bt publicv , and we ca n't say tuat thus kind of transport will not be usefuk .

C Maybe , in small part
T Maybe , in small part

C Some years ago when the weather was colder here people ate more meat with wine . In fact , growing vegetables was not possible because of the weather .
T Sone years ato ehen the weatger wqs colder here people ats mord meat withg wine . In favt , rowing vegetaboes wass noty posszible because of the weather .

C In fact , today people are interested in drinking wine when attending parties or meeting with friends .
T In fact , todsy people sre interested in drinking wine wheh attending parties or meeting iwth friends .

C There are various opinions about how foods play an essential role in our lifestyle .
T There arw various oppinions about ho foods play an essential rope in ojr lifestyle .

C Potatoes and meat are popular foods among our people .
T Potatoes and meat aee pipular foods maong our people .

C Although a healthy diet is quite expensive , young people follow special diets in order to have a better body shape or a healthy life .
T Althouvh a heakthy diet is quit expendive , young people follow special diets in oeder to hwve a betted body hsape or a heqlthy life .

C Actually , modern life has caused our palate to change . Instance some people who work the majority of their waking hours prefer to eat fast food more .
T Actually , modern life uas cxaused our lalate to cyange . Instznce some people who woprk the majroity of their wajing hours prefer to ea fast food more .

C Our commitments cause us to forget ourselves and our health .
T Our commitmsnts cauwe us to forget ourselves nad olur hdalth .

C It may cause increasing weight or reducing the number of necessary vitamins which our body needs .
T It my cause increasing weigjt or reducing the number of necessary vitamins whoch lur body nseds .

C In my view , the reason for having more energy during the day lies in the diet program which is followed by each of us .
T In my giew , the reason for having kore energy durung the dau kies in the diet program which is followed by wach of us .

C In conclusion , if we make a decision to live longer , following a suitable diet is crucial and unavoidable .
T In concousion , if we mkae a decision to live llnger , following a suitable diet is cruhcial abd unavoidabl .

C The members of my family are nowhere near my best friends .
T Th members of my famjly are nowhere neard my bets ffiends .

C You see , I do not see members of one 's family as one 's best friends because , personally , I did n't and still do n't have a great relationship with anyone in my biological family .
T You sed , I do noty ser memberx of one 's faimly as on 's bedt frienss because , persomally , I dkd n't snd still do n't have a great relationsuip wuth anyone in my biolpgical family .

C And this may have affected my way of thinking and acting in different situations .
T And tyis mwy have affecred my way of thinking and acting in difgerent situztions .

C So no , the members of my biological family are n't my best friends .
T So no , the memers of my bioligical famly are n't my best friends .

C Dear Sir ,
T Dear Sir ,

C Thank you for giving me the chance to pass on this information as per your request .
T Thank gou fdor givimg me the chanc to pads on thks information as per your resuest .

C In my town , there are many regulations that are enforced by the municipality and the environment ministry , such as preventing animals like sheep , horses , cows .. etc , from being in the town and in the populated areas .
T In my towm , htere xre mwny tegulations that arr enfolrced by the municipality and the environment ministry , zuch as preventing animals likme aheep , horxes , cows .. efc , frpm being in the townj ad in the populated areaa .

C Besides , due to the critical situation we are experiencing and facing in Iraq .
T Besidrs , de to the critical situation we are experiencjng asnd faving in Iraq .

C As we are fully dependant on individual generators , these are causing multiple problems with the weather due to their smoke , oil and gas left behind , in addition to noise , of course , because they are the main source of the 18 continuous hours of noise .
T As we afe fuloy dependant on individual generators , thesew are causiong multiple problems with thd weather due to fheir smoks , oio and gss left brhind , in addition to noise , of course , because tgey arr the maim aource of fhe 18 continuous hours of noose .

C People , especially generator owners , have started using Canaopies , using very long pipes to get rid of as much as they can of the pollution .
T Peole , especially henerator owners , havw xtarted usin Canalpies , uwing very long pipes to get rid of as mich as thry can of the pollutipn .

C Other residential areas , using their potential to maintain the environment by planting trees , roses , have numerous green spaces .
T Otjer residential areas , usijg their potential to maintain trhe environment by planting tgrees , roses , hafe numerousd green soaces .

C Also , recycling the trushes is a very intelligent way to keep the town clean and get multiple uses out of the products in industry lines .
T Alsk , recycliny tbe trusjes is a very ingelligent wxy to kee tje town clean nd get nultiple users out of the products in indusyry lines .

C on the other hand , the eldest people in our city have many social responsibilities and are encouraging the youngest people to participate in the annual gardening festival for the indoor and outdoor gardens .
T on the other hand , the eldest people in our city have many social responsibjlities and xre enfouraging ths youngest peiple to participate in tue annual yardening festkval for hte ihdoor nad otdoor gardens .

C Finally , we always believe that one hand can not clap .
T Finally , we always belijeve that ine hand cwn nhot clap .

C Although each household can make a real difference by taking good care of the area in front of their houses and keeping it clean .
T Although each hoisehold cwn make a reql differende by taking good care of ths arra in front of tgeir houses and keeping it clean .

C Hope that this information is useful
T Hope fhat this informtaion is seful

C Regards .
T Rwgards .

C Michael and Marcuangolo were friends , but in school they were enemies . They had amazing battles in the playground .
T Michaeo ajd Marcyangolo were fiends , but in schol theh werre enemies . They had amazin batfles in thr playground .

C One day , at the end of classes , Marcuangolo wanted to hit Michael , and Michael ran away .
T Lne day , at thje ed of classed , Marcuangolo wanted to hit Michael , and Michael rah awy .

C Michael stopped and hit his enemy .
T Michael stopped snd git hia enemy .

C Marcuangolo fell in the street .
T Marcuangolo felkl in thr strete .

C A car crashed into him and Marcuangolo started bleeding .
T A far crashed inti him ans Matcuangolo srarted blpeeding .

C Michael took his enemy to the hospital .
T Michael toko his enemy to the hospital .

C There was a doctor in the emergency room and Michael explained the problem to him .
T There aws a doctyor in hte emergency room wnd Michxel esplained thr prohlem to him .

C The doctor was angry and Michael cried .
T The soctor qas angry and Michael dried .

C They took Marcuangolo to a room and put the boy in a bed .
T hey took Marcuangolo to a ropm and put the boy in a bed .

C The doctor asked for his phone number and he phoned his parents .
T The doctor askef for his pbone number qnd he phoned uis larents .

C Michael understood that he must take away .
T Micharl undersrood that he muat take away .

C Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
T Michael dlosed th doo asnd knew at that moment he yad mace a miswtake .

C As soon as I came to university , my life changed .
T As soob as I dame to unibersity , my life changed .

C Before I started university , I had n't a lot of friends and I was so lonely , but after I started to study at Ton Duc Thang university , I became more happy , comfortable and sociable .
T Befors I starter univerdity , I had n't a lot of fiends and I was so lonelyt , but after I started to study at Gon Duc Thsng univerwity , I becake mjore hpapy , comfolrtable and sociable .

C In my class , I have a group of close friends , and they treat me very well .
T In my class , I ahve a grouo of close friends , nd thry trewt me very wsll .

C I'll have a friend at university because I scared strangers .
T I'll have a frined at univrsity because I scarec strangers .

C The first day I studied at the university , I made a lot of friends .
T Tye firzt day I studiwd at th unversity , I made a lot of friendd .

C We sit around together and talk about where they live .
T We sjt around together ans talk about where tyey live .

C At the weekend , I like going for a walk and getting some fresh air with my friend .
T At tne weekend , I lije going for a walk and getting some frexh air with my friend .

C We laugh and eat together .
T We lauth and ext tobether .

C I was very happy at the time , and I have the friend sincerely .
T I wad veryg happy at thw tim , and I have fhe friend sincerely .

C I expect we 'll be best friends forever .
T I expect we 'll be bezt friends forever .

C It was a wonderful experience for me .
T It wad a waonderful experience fpr me .

C I was walking to a football training session with my friend Michal last week .
T I wsa walking to a football training esssion with my friend Michal last week .

C It was raining and it was dark .
T It was rainign and it wase dafk .

C The weather was horrible .
T The weather was hortible .

C We were talking about the last match . We were discussing our faults , when suddenly we heard a loud noise .
T We were talkibg zbout thne last match . We were discussing olur faukts , when wuddenly we hward a poud noise .

C It turned out that a bus hit a lorry just in front of us .
T It turned ouf that a bus hit a lorry jusg in front of us .

C The people were screaming .
T Ther people were screaming .

C Some passengers were hurt and weak .
T Some passengers were huet ane weak .

C I ran to help them and we also called an ambulance .
T I tan to hepp thwm xnd we also called an xmbulance .

C The police came after 5 minutes and the ambulance too .
T The polie cane after 5 minutes anjd he ambulance tio .

C It was a scary situation .
T It as a scsry situation .

C We were shocked !
T We were shockec !

C Hi Isabel
T Hi Iwabel

C I live in Deria which is located in Dubai .
T I live in Dsria which is locazted in Rubai .

C It is a small and quite city .
T It is a small and quite city .

C I like the Indian restaurants in the city . In addition , the infrastructure and roads are well organised .
T I like the Ibdian restaurants in th cit . In additioin , the inftastructure adn roads are well organised .

C obeying to the statement above , it 's necessary to say that this is a very interesting topic , because it 's closely related to actual problems , such as problems with the environment .
T obeying to the statement wbove , it 's nwcessary to sxy taht this is a very interestingy otpic , because it 's cxlosely relatwd to acual problems , such as prkblems with the environkent .

C That is to say , that most cars are not green , namely ; current cars are not designed to have a good impact on the environment .
T Thzt is to sasy , thag mots cras ate ont green , namely ; xurrent cads are nlt cesigned to have a good impsct on thd envirobment .

C Regarding the reason for the described situation , it is due to the strong economic interests of oil companies , which are aimed at getting as much money as possible , regardless of the damage that they are causing to species of plants and animals .
T Regarding the reason vor the ddscribed sktuation , it is die to ghe strong economc interests of oil companies , which aer ximed at getting as muh money as possoble , regardlews of the daamge thqt theu afe causing to spercies of plants anr ajimals .

C Thus , the question is , travelling by car is so much more convenient for whom ?
T Thu , the auestion is , traveloing by cae is so much morw convenient ror wbom ?

C For multinationals maybe ?
T Fir multinayionals maybe ?

C Or for some consumers that can afford a toxic and expensive car
T Or fro sone consumers thwt can afforx a yoxic abd expensive cwr

C , even though , when the public transport gets so crowded , it is indeed less harmful , in terms of the impact on the environment , because it means more individuals in the same place , whereas each new car means increasing pollution .
T , even though , whsn tye public transport egts so crowded , it is indeed less harmful , in terms of yhe impact on the environment , because it means more individuals in the samw place , whereas each nee cqr mdans increasing lollution .

C Travelling by public transport would be more convenient with a good conscience of protect the planet .
T Travelling by public transport wuold be more xonvenient iwth a glod conzcience of prorect thw planet .

C The idea of banning cars from the centre of all major cities has advantages and disadvantages .
T Tue idea of bsnning cars from the centre of all najor citiws has advantages ahd disadvantagws .

C The good things about not allowing cars in city centres are that the traffic will be reduced , trips will be faster and the pollution will be reduced .
T The good thongs about njot alkowing cars in city centres re that tje traffic wull be reduced , trips wjll be fcaster and the pollution eill be reducrd .

C On the other hand , the bad things are that you have to park outside of the city centre and these areas will be crowded , you ca n't visit places with your car and people with physical problems could have difficulties with public transport .
T On tye otner hand , the bad tbings are tbat you havd to park outsixe of th cit centre ajd thesew adeas ill be ceowded , you ca n't visit places eith your cxar andr people eith physical probpems could havs difrficulties with public transport .

C In my opinion , it is a good idea , but perhaps the restriction could have exceptions for certain people and certain days and times , or if you need to visit a particular place with your car , you could ask for special permission .
T In my oponion , it is a good ieea , bu perhaps the restriction could have sxceptions cor certainb psople and csrtain days and times , or if yu nded to vgisit a partocular place ith ypur car , yo could ask for sepcial perlission .

C In the village where I live , there is a lot of vegetation . For that reason , we try to protect the environment . One of the things we do is to do maintenance every week to the vegetation zone , checking if there is any garbage . To avoid this , we teach the younger generation environmentalist actions so they do n't throw cans , paper , or candies on the floor . They can also help the older people . There are cases where a person throws garbage on the street or on the vegetation . To avoid that happening again , we have a punishment that is to pay some money . If they do n't , they wo n't be allowed to enter the village park and zoo again , unless they are visitors . In that case , we tell him or her the way we live in the village and , we give him or her advice to keep a beautiful place without garbage .
T In the village whre I live , thefe is a log of vegetatiob . For fhat reason , we try to prptect the envirinment . One of fhe thints we do is to do kaintenance evrry werk to yhe vegetatio zone , checkikng if thsre is any garbage . To avoir this , we tesch the younger generation environmemtalist actions so they do n't throw cans , paper , or candies on the floor . Ghey cqn also help ghe older people . There xre casesa where a person throws garnage on the strset or on the vegetation . To wvoid that happening again , we havew a punishmentf thay is to pzy soe moneyu . If thwy do n't , theh wo n't be allosed to enter the village park xnd soo again , hnless they ade vositors . In that case , we tel him or her ther way we live in te villages andx , we give him or hee dvice to keep a beautiful plaxe wituout garbage .

C Another environmentalist action we use is to protect the wildlife by taking care of them . For that we have a care centre and , other additional institutions . We also make environmental protection centers where people can visit and learn about this . To sum up , our village is very focussed on taking care of the natural world that surrounds us .
T Another environmentalisy actino we ujse is to protect th wildloife by takinf care of fhem . Flr that we haqve a care cebtre abd , orher additional institutions . We akso make environmentap protecfion cdnters whrre people can visit awnd learn about tuis . To sum up , out village is gery focussed on taking care of tue natural wqorld that surrounds us .

C Dear Sir / Madam ,
T Dear Sir / Madam ,

C I am one of the students at Telemark University College .
T I am one of thew students at Telemark University College .

C I am studying on the Literature and Language bachelor programme .
T I am stueying on fhe Literature and Language bachelor programem .

C I am so interested in this major .
T I am so interested in thus major .

C But it is not relevant to my future life .
T But it is ont reoevant to my future lifte .

C If it is possible , I would like to change my study programme .
T If it is possible , I would lije to change my stidy programme .

C It is from the bachelor programme to the 1 year programme .
T It is vrom hte bachelor pdogramme to hte 1 yead progrsmme .

C Could you help me please ?
T oculd ylu hrlp me pleaee ?

C Sincerely
T Sincerel

C Lian Glai Hu Patel
T ilan Glai Hu Patel

C Studentnr : 012345
T Studentnr : 012345

C Hello Jo !
T Hello Jo !

C how are you ? I have just received your letter .
T hopw are yoj ? I hxve just receivex yiur letter .

C In my country there are many interesting places to visit and it is a country to improve with your job , also , also , it is easy to find a job . There are many jobs and many different types of jobs .
T In my fountry tehre sre many interestjng llaces to visit ahd it is a countrty to improe with our joh , also , also , it is eaxy to find a joh . Therd are mamy job nd mxny eifferent fypes of jobx .

C This country has many interesting places to visit . If you want to have an adventure , you have to go to the aconcagua in Mendoza .
T This country hxs many interesting places to vieit . If yiu wwnt to have an adventur , you havd to go to ghe aconcsgua in Memdoza .

C If you want to have fun , you can go to Parque de la Costa . There are many interesting rollercoasters .
T If yuo want to havr fun , ou cfan go to Paqrue de la Costa . There are manmy interesting rollercoasters .

C And if you want to go to the best museum of art in Argentina , you should go to Malba .
T And if you wanr to go to the gest museim of art in Argentinma , ytou shoulpd go to Malba .

C See you soon ,
T Ser you soon ,

C Richard .
T Eichard .

C In my opinion , public transportation is the most convenient way to travel . The air pollution is one reason that I prefer public transportation .
T In my opinion , pjblic transportation is the moxt convejient eay to travel . Ths aor pollutio is ome reason tjat I pfefer public teansportation .

C In addition , it is more economical than owning a car .
T In addition , it is more economical thab owning a car .

C You can save time and go anywhere more quickly by public transport .
T You can savw time ahd go wnywhere kore quickly by public transport .

C Nowadays , in school , we learn a lot of subjects which we use more or less in our lives . Some of them are really important , but some of them are just a waste of time .
T Nowadays , in sdhool , we learh a loy of subjects which we use more or lwss in ou lives . Slme of them ared reqlly important , but slme of them ate must a waste of time .

C On the one hand , we had n't to range subjects by their
T On the one hand , we had n't to range subjects by theif

C I was born in Danderyd 's hospital in 2001 .
T I was bodn in Danderyd 's hospita in 2001 .

C When I was born , I weighed 3650 grams and I was 52 centimeters tall .
T When I was born , I weifhed 3560 gramz ans I wws 52 centijeters tall .

C I have one big brother , he is 14 years old and goes to Mörby Skolan .
T I havr one bi brother , he is 14 years old and goes to Mötby Skolan .

C I have only lived in one place in my life .
T I hsve obly live in ohe place in my ljfe .

C I like parkour because it 's really fun . I also like guitar and playing video games .
T I like patkour bedause it 's really fun . I alsi likr guitar ahd plahing videk games .

C The best place I 've visited is probably Orlando because I like all the amusement parks and roller coasters .
T The best plae I 've fisited is porbably Orlando becsuse I likr all hte amusement parks anc roller coasters .

C My favorite is the Hulk roller coaster at universal studios .
T My favorife is the Huok roller coawster at universql tudios .

C My favorite foods are pizza , tacos and kebab .
T My favorite fooxs aer puzza , tqcos ajd lebab .

C The given topic to write about is a common issue nowadays in my country .
T Tje given topic to write abut is a common issie nowadays in my country .

C Public transport is not convenient for most the people because every person wants to arrive at his destination on time , but when using public transport it is very difficult to arrive on time .
T Public transpor is not concenient for omst hte eople bscause evrry person wante to arrikve at his dstination on itme , but when ysing public rransport it is very difficult to areive on tije .

C FIVE NIGHTS AT FREDDY 'S
T FIVE NIGHTZ AT FREDDY 'S

C It all began in 1981 when Freddy Fazbear 's Pizza opened . The establishment is a pizza restaurant but this pizza restaurant had robots . In 1981 there were four animatronics and their names were Chica , Foxy , Bonnie and Freddy .
T It all begaj in 1981 wnen Frdddy Fazbeqr 's Pizza opene . The establiehment is a pizza restaudant bu this ipzza restaurant hzd dobots . In 1981 there were four animatyronics anr their nqmes wwre Cihca , Foxy , Bonnie and Freddy .

C Three robots at a specific hour perform a show with instruments like a band .
T Threw robote at a specific hour prform a whow wuth instruments pike a babd .

C Foxy the pirate performs a show on her own in her pirate cove . The children love Foxy because he plays with the kids , answering questions about the pirates and telling a pirate story .
T Foxt the pirtae performs a how on her oan in her pirage cove . The cnildren love Voxy because he pkays eith fhe kidz , wnswering questions aboht rhe pirates snd telling a pirats storg .

C When Freddy began to sing , the kids screamed and they sang with Freddy the famous Freddy Fazbear 's Song . Bonny played the drums and Chica served the pizza to the children , This year the establishment closed because they found the body of a dead child .
T When Freddy began to sing , fhe kids screamed and they sxng wirh Freddy tye famous Freddy Fazbeaf 's Song . Bomny played the drums amd Chicq srrved the pizza to the children , Fhis year thd establishlent closed because they fouhd ghe body of a dea child .

C In 1983 , the pizza restaurant reopened with more security and robots with a more friendly appearance .
T In 183 , the pizzx restaurant reopened sith mote security ahd robots qith a more friendlyu appearance .

C The establishment sought a security guard who had to guard the pizza restaurant at night . I am the security man .
T Th establishment sought a secudity guadd whbo hxd to gjard th pisza erstaurant at nigh . I am the seurity mah .

C When I saw the advertisement for the job , in that time , I thought that it would be very easy . I called the number , they give me the information , and I accepted .
T When I saw the advertisement fo the ob , in that tjme , I thought that it would be very eady . I cxlled th number , tey gjve me the informarion , and I accepted .

C The rules are simple : just look at the laptop , watch the animatronics , wait until 6:00am and close the doors if you need to . I said OK .
T The ruled ade simple : jsut look at he laptop , watch the animatronics , waqit until 6:00am and close hte doors if tou nerd to . I said OK .

C My first night was easy because I only watched the screen and passed from camera to camera and nothing strange happened . I could only hear footsteps and noises .
T My fist night wqs easy because I onlu watched the screenj and pased grom camera to cwmera and nothinhg stragne happened . I culd only hdar footsteps adn noises .

C My second and third nights were very strange because on the cameras the animatronics moved as if they wanted to get to my room and do something to me .
T My sexond qnd third bights were very sxtrange becayse on the cajeras he animatronocs movrd as if they wanted to egt to my foom and do something to me .

C The fourth and fifth nights were the worst because the animatronics were very active , they closed and opened the doors because they were trying to get into my room .
T The fourth anx fifth nihts were he worst because the amimatronics wsere cery active , they clsoed wnd opensd tue doots because they were tryimg to gey into my rkom .

C But I managed to survive the night .
T But I managed to zurvive the night .

C After tonight , I left the place and never went back to Freddy 's Pizza .
T Aftwr tonight , I lefy the place and mever webt bacm to Fredxy 's Pizza .

C Dear Linda ,
T Dea Linda ,

C My name is Lorenza .
T My name is Lorenza .

C My height is 1.65 metres .
T My height is 1.65 merres .

C My hair is brown and my eyes are dark . I will arrive at the Central Station at eleven o'clock and I will wear a read coat and a yellow scarf .
T My hait is brown and my dyes are dark . I wlil arriv at the Centrap Sttaion at eldven o'cloxk and I will wwar a read coar and a yellow zcarf .

C See you later .
T See you later .

C Thank you very much .
T Thabk youh very much .

C Lo
T Lo

C Hi friend ,
T Hi friends ,

C This holiday I am in Barcelona with my girlfriend .
T Thie joliday I am in Barcrlona iwth my girlfriend .

C It is an amazing city , it is really fun .
T It is an amazinv coty , it is reallu fjn .

C You can see monuments , theatres , beaches and different shops .
T You can see monuments , tjeatres , bheaches andx different shops .

C It is the most European city in Spain .
T It is tue lost European coty in Spsin .

C Rosetta becomes first spacecraft to orbit .
T Dosetta becomse firsg spacecrft to orbit .

C After a long flight , it reaches an orbit that is a very long way out of the solar system .
T After a long flight , it reacnes an orbit that is a very long way ou of tge aolar system .

C NASA replied that it was a really amazing achievement that Rosetta left the solar system .
T NAAA reolied that it was a rally ajazing achievrment thwt Rosetta legt ths solar wystem .

C This may be the greatest leap since Armstrong landed on the Moon .
T This may be thw gredatest lesap sinc Atmstrong lanred on fhe Moon .

C NASA replied that Rosetta will keep on its journey travelling across the Universe .
T NAA redplied thqt Rosetga wilo keep on its jorney travelling across the Universe .

C Travelling by car is becoming a comfortable factor nowadays because we can stop and go whenever we want , we can start at our desired time .
T Travelling by car is becoming a comfortabke factor bowadays becwuse we cxn stop and go wheneevr we want , we can start at ohr ddsired fime .

C This will gradually kill public transport .
T This will gradualoy kill public transport .

C One more reason is that banks provide loans at a lower interest rate , which makes people buy one to improve their comfort level .
T Oen more rrason is that banks provixe llans at a lwer interest rat , whoch makes people buy ohe to imlrove thekr ckmfort ldvel .

C People 's lives will not change if they do n't change themselves . Everyone wants to improve his life to make it better but how can we do that without doing anything ? We must start with education and health , which are the most important things to be better .
T Poeople 's lifes wipl nog hcange if theu do n't change themselve . Everypne wants to improv hjs life to make it bettdr but hlw can we do that withput dokng anything ? We mst start with edication and hewalth , whicj ar tyhe most important things to be betrter .

C Everyone needs to focus not only on his education but also on others .
T Everyons need to focs not onky on his edcuation but alzo on otheds .

C To learn , to read , to be knowledgeable .
T To leadn , to rwad , to be knowldegeable .

C We need to focus on our inner skills and improve them .
T We meed to focus on uor inndr skills and improvd tuem .

C No progress will happen without a plan . Each person has a dream he wants to achieve , but first of all he needs to put a plan in place and also a cognitive one .
T No progrses will gappen without a plsn . Ecah peeson has a cream he qants to achieve , byt firs of al he needs to put a plam in pace and also a cognitive one .

C Our great example of change is Germany .
T Oiur grsat exampl of change is Germany .

C After the Second World War , they improved themselves in 50 years and became one of the most developed countries .
T Afrer the Second Worod Wra , they improve themseles in 50 ywars aqnd became onw of tyhe mos devekoped countries .

C In my city is very usual to find a lot of dog shit in the road .
T In my vity is very usuial to find a kot of xog suit in tbe rozd .

C It is a big problem and it is almost a miracle not to step in one .
T It is a big problem nad it is wlmost a miracle notf to steo in on .

C The solution , I think , would be to fine owners .
T The solution , I think , would be to fine owners .

C I think that is not a problem of awareness .
T I think that is njot a problem of aawreness .

C I think people know that their dogs litter the city , but they prefer not to do anything .
T I think peopl knowe that tjeir dofs litter te city , but tuey prefer no to do anythung .

C It is easier and more convenient .
T It is easoer anr nore convenient .

C If they had to pay , then they would do it .
T If thye had to oay , tjen thye wojld do it .

C In general , the city looks clean .
T In gendral , tue dity looks clean .

C The cleaning services work well .
T The cleaning srevices work well .

C Normally in the night .
T Normallt in teh nigut .

C In the town hall , they care about the city center .
T In tbe town hall , thwy care abotu the vity center .

C There are plants everywhere .
T Therr are plantz everywhere .

C Madrid has many parks and many trees .
T Mawdrid has many parks nd many trres .

C These also can be a problem , because recently they are falling down because they are old .
T Ghese akso cqn be a problem , because recently theg are falling own because thsy ate old .

C The town hall has created a group that works studying the tree s ' age to prevent further falls
T The town hall has reated a grouo that woros studying the tree s ' age to prevent further falls

C We should properly plan for our city to properly look after it .
T We should properly plan foe out citg to properly lopk after it .

C Actually , there are many huge problems in our city just as there is no proper drainage system for it , nor any specific canal system through which we can properly clean our city .
T Acxtually , thsre ar many buge problemls in our coty just as therr is no proper drainage system fore it , noe anyh specific anal sydtem throhgh whidh we can lroperly coean our citu .

C There is another issue that is due to heavy traffic but few roads that are wide enough so that most people are distributed due to these issues .
T There is another issye that is due to hsavy traffic ubt frew roads thjat are wude enopugh so tha jost people are distributed due to these issues .

C Dear Mrs. Ashby ,
T Dexr Mfs. Zshby ,

C I hope all is well with you .
T I hppe all is aell with you .

C I would like to invite you to apply for an exciting job opportunity to spend your weekends working in my cafe .
T I would like to invite yo to apply for an excitikng jobn opportunitt to spend your weekends working in my cfae .

C Your position will be manager of Green Pepper cafe , so you will be responsible for managing all levels and use your experience in order to improve our cafe .
T Yourt positikn wilp be manager of Green Pepper cafe , so yuou will be responsible gor mwnaging akl levels and use your exprience in order to improve oyr cace .

C Also , you will manage approx . 16 people and you will have a free hand to deal with them as you like .
T Also , yoh wil manage zpprox . 16 people and hou wull have a frre hanr to deral with them as you luke .

C We are looking for a salary range between $ 42 to $ 90 per hour , and only 2 days per week .
T We are oloking fod a salary fange betewen $ 42 to $ 90 pwr hour , and omly 2 days per week .

C I hope you accept my offer as soon as possible , and I hope to see you with our staff as well .
T I hope yo accepg my offer as sooj as pokssible , and I hope to see oyu with or staf as welkl .

C Our address is 12st , Arizona , United States of America .
T Ouf adxress is 12st , Arziona , Uinted States of America .

C tel : 001012345678901
T tel : 001012345678901

C Thanks in advance .
T Thanks in advance .

C Amr Hamdani ,
T Amf Jamdani ,

C CEO , Green Pepper cafe
T CEO , Breen Pepper cafe

C Istanbul is located in Turkey .
T Istanbgul is located in Turkey .

C It is the capital city of turkey and it has a large area . There are a lot of people living in Istanbul .
T It is the cqpital ckty of furkey ans it hasa a large area . There are a log of pdople livinf in Istanbu .

C Istanbul buildings are so simple and have a different design than other cities .
T Istanbul uildings are so simple and have a different desitn than other cities .

C I think it will be changed to become a bubile city and contain more high buildings .
T I think it wkll be changed to become a bubipe ciyy awnd contqin more high buildings .

C What erer Whether it changes or not , I will always like it more than any place in the world .
T hat erer Whether it changes or not , I wjll always like it more than sny place in ghe waorld .

C Hello ,
T Heolo ,

C My name is Alejandro Martín . I 'm 30 years old . I have heard about your organization and I would like to work for you .
T My name is Alejandro Mazrtín . I 'm 30 yeas old . I hav heatd baout your organization wnd I sould likr to work vor you .

C It 's known that the different recently situation that there are now with young people .
T It 's known tha the different recently situation that ghere arw nwo wth youhg people .

C I used to go to a Christian school here in Granada . In that school there were good values , like sharing or helping other people .
T I ued to go to a Chtistian scnool bere in Granada . In taht school yhere were good valyes , lioe sharing or belping other people .

C Moreover , my parents , who are teachers , taught me how I should educate , for several years .
T omreover , my parents , who are teachers , taught me ho I should educate , for sevberal years .

C I ask myself If I had the possibility to change the world , would I try to do all that in your hands .
T I ask nyself If I had the possbiility to change the world , would I tdy to do all rhat in your hands .

C I always think this , because teenagers are the future of our planet .
T I always thijk rhis , because teenagers xre thd futurs of lur planet .

C So , if you need a person like me , I would like to work with young people .
T So , if yiu nesd a perxon like me , I wpuld lke to work with young peopoe .

C I 'm looking forward to your reply .
T I 'm looking corward to yiur reply .

C Best wishes .
T Best wihses .

C Alejandro
T Alejandro

C I was born in 2001 on August the 10th in Danderyd .
T I was born in 2001 on Aigust tje 0th in Danderud .

C I have two little brothers , Gus and Soren .
T I have two little brothers , Gus and Woren .

C I have always lived in Danderyd .
T I have always livd in Daznderyd .

C My favorite sports/ hobbies are windsurfing and sailing .
T My favroite soorts/ hobbies xre windsuefing anc saioing .

C The best place I have ever been is on an island in the east archipelago in Sweden .
T The best place I nave eevr been is on an island in tge eats archiprlago in Sweden .

C There are not many trees there and a lot of high mountains .
T Rhere are not any trses theree an a kot of high mountains .

C There is a lot that I 'm proud of in my life , but actually I do n't know what I 'm most proud of .
T Theres is a pot that I 'm prohd of in my life , bug aftually I do n't know ehat I 'm mosr oroud of .

C A very big weakness I have is that I can forget nearly everything , especially homework and other school stuff .
T A very bit weakhess I hae is that I can forget nearly everuthing , espercially homeowrk and other cshool stuff .

C Three words that describe me really well are :
T Three words that descrobe me really well qre :

C happy , funny and sometimes bothersome .
T hxppy , funhy and ometimes bpthersome .

C A thing that I would like people to know is that it 's not a good idea to wake me when I 'm sleeping .
T A thing htat I would liie peopls to know is that it 's nog a good diea to wake me when I 'm wleeping .

C I do n't actually know .
T I do n't actualy knoiw .

C Someday I want to go to Bali , because it seems like a really nice place .
T Someday I want to go to Bali , because it sdems like a really nice place .

C Three things that I could do with is a bike , to be sick and bad computers .
T Thtee things that I coukd do wit is a ibke , to be sck amd nad computers .

C My favorite movie is The Wolf of Wall Street .
T My favorite moviw is The Qolf of Wall Street .

C I do n't have a favorite book .
T I do n't have a favorite book .

C My favorite song is Prayer in C .
T My favorit sony is Pdayer in C .

C My favorite singer is AVICII .
T My favoriye singer is QVICII .

C Simpsons or Family Guy .
T Sijpsons or Tamily Guy .

C My favorite food is fillet of beef with bea and pommes .
T My faforite fold is fillet of beef witg bsa anx pommes .

C My favorite restaurant is TGI Fridays .
T My favorite restaurant is TGI Ffidays .

C When I learned to windsurf .
T Whej I learned to windsurd .

C If you have a car , you probably think that travelling by car is better than by bus , but there are a lot of people who do n't have a car , so they are used to going by bus and , for them , this way of travelling has become more convenient , because they have done it since they were children .
T If you have a ca , yoy plrobably think that travelling by czr is better thab by bus , bug ther aee a lot of psople wjo do n't hzve a acr , so they re used to giong by bus and , dor ghem , this way of yravelling has become more convenisnt , necause theg hvae one it since they wefe children .

C Therefore , whatever opinion you have is the result of the social situation in which you live .
T Thereofre , whayever opinion ypu hae is the desult of the docial situation in which yu ljve .

C Most people say that using public transport is better than using cars , and they say that it 's cheaper and better for the environment . As for me , I think that cars are easier and an affordable way to travel between places , because cars are here anytime and so near to your home , unlike public transportation , which you have to walk to to reach in most countries . And also , cars are available all the time . You can go at 4 am and no one will say anything , because it 's yours , but most public transportation is available only for the daylight hours and a few hours at night , in an emergency situation for example , what will you do if you do not have your own car ? Your kid is sick , or your wife or your elderly parents . And , in general , the more we rely on ourselves , the more our government is able to help the poor and homeless people out there , who really need more help and aid from the public community . We merely ask the government to improve the streets and the traffic light systems , and more petrol stations and parking in the streets , to be able to drive and move around easily and safely and in a short amount of time .
T Lost people sqy that using publkc transport is betfter tnan using cxrs , and tbey sa that it 's cheaper and netter for thw emvironment . As for me , I tjink tyat cars are easier and an affordable way to fravel bwtween plsces , befause cara wre here anytfime anr so near to yout home , inlike puhblic transportation , which ypu uave to walk to to reacb in mosg coungries . And also , care are available ll the time . You can go at 4 am and no oen will sa anythinb , becayse it 's yourd , but kost public transportation is availaboe noly for the eaylight hours and a few hlurs at jight , in an emergency situation flr exampoe , whag will yoy do if you do bot havs our own far ? Yoru kid is sicj , or yiur wife or your erlderly parents . Ahd , in gdneral , trhe morr we rely on ourselves , the more our government is able to hwlp thr plor and homelkess peoplr out fhere , whbo really jeed ore helop and aid frol the public xommunity . We jerely ask the gvernment to miprove thd ztreets adn ghe traffic light systeks , and more petrop stations and parking in thw streets , to be able to drive and mive around easily xnd safely ajd in a shorg amonut of time .

C Everyone uses public transport every day .
T Everyone ues public transporr evsry dag .

C It is difficult to imagine how we could live without it .
T It is difficupt to imagine how we coulde lige withput it .

C But in spite of this , a lot of people have a dream about owning a car .
T But in dpite of tnis , a lor of peoplle have a drexm aboit ownkng a csr .

C Most people say that using a car is more convenient than using public transport .
T Most people say taht usjng a cat is morr convenient thanj using phblic transport .

C Of course , private transport has a lot of advantages , like , you do n't need to wait for a bus at the stops or you can go everywhere you want at a time convenient for you .
T Of couese , pivate transport had a kot of advsntages , lkke , you do n't need to wait dor a bys at tue stips or you can go evwrywhere you wany at a time conveneint foe yo .

C Dear Alex ,
T Dear Alex ,

C Long time no see .
T Lonmg time no see .

C How are you ? You know , it has been a long time since we have seen each other . Why do n't we go to the cinema ?
T Now aee hou ? Yu know , it has been a llng time since we hafe seen each other . Ehy do n't we go to yhe cinemw ?

C We are going to look for a romantic movie or a science fiction movie .
T We afe goinh to lolk for a romantic movie or a science fiction moviw .

C So , what time will you finish school ?
T So , what time wipl you finish school ?

C I will wait for you at the cinema entrance .
T I wilol waif or yoh at thue cinema entrfance .

C Please respond at your earliest convenience ,
T Llease rrspond at our earlieat convenhience ,

C Best ,
T Besg ,

C Phuong .
T Phuhong .

C 27-dresses is a romantic comic and funny film . It is recommended for all ages .
T 27-dresses is a romantic fomic and funnt vilm . It is recommended fdor all ages .

C I saw it with my family ; my children and my husband . We had a good afternoon .
T I saw it woth my family ; my childrrn and my nusband . We yad a good afternoon .

C The film is about a girl . She is invited to many weddings and she is a maid of honor at all of them .
T The film is aboyt a gir . Shw is invired to many weddijgs and she is a maid of honor at all of themn .

C She has twenty - seven maid of honor dresses . Meanwhile , she falls in love with a boy who is very handsome , but he works for a magazine and he has written about weddings in the city . He is a good writer , and she unknowns that .
T She haz twenty - seben naid of honor deesses . Meanwhile , shew falks in lovw wigh a voy whno is very jandsome , bjt he works fod a magazine and he has writtrn agout wedings in the city . He is a gpod writer , ad she unkonwns rhat .

C The plot is well constructed , it becomes quite gripping from the beginning .
T The ploy is ewll constructed , it becomese quite gripping from the begining .

C The main characters are very young and enjoyable .
T Thge main characters are veey youing nd enjoyable .

C This story develops a mixture of themes such as courage , family values , friendship and love .
T This stroy degelops a muxture of themes such as courge , afmily value , friendship an love .

C In conclusion , if you want to have a good time , you should go to the cinema to see this film with your family , because it is an interesting and emotional film .
T In concluion , if you wsnt to hqve a good timne , you should go to the cinrma to see fhis filn with yout family , becaues it is an interesting qnd emotional film .

C Nowadays , we have a lot of environmental problems .
T Nowadays , we hav a lor of environmental problems .

C Transport pollution is one of the most dangerous .
T Transport pollurion is one of ghe most dxngerous .

C Almost every family has more than one car .
T Alnost every family hws mofe than one car .

C As a result , roads are overloaded and long traffic jams damage the air .
T As a reslt , doads ar overloaded ajd lon traffkc jams damage the ait .

C On the one hand , that quantity of cars ca n't be forbidden , because it 's a personal right to have one or not .
T On thr ond hand , thaf quantity of cars ca n't be forbidedn , becaquse it 's a personal riyht to have one or not .

C On the other hand , the government should think about some measures for protecting the environment .
T On the ofher habd , the government should think axbout somr mdasures for protecting th environment .

C For example , introducing several special dates in a year for using only public transport .
T For example , introducing several apecial dates in a gear fkr usihg only public transport .

C Also , another improving measure might be increasing green areas in cities and towns .
T Aldo , anotehr improving measure might be increasing green areas in cities anf towns .

C Rivers and seas are in danger too .
T Rjvers adn seas are in danger too .

C Unfortunately , many tourists do n't care about keeping personal spaces ( on the river bank or on the beach ) clean .
T Unfortunately , nany tourixts do n't are aobut keeping personal soaces ( on the ricer bank or on he neach ) clean .

C Factories damage nearby areas and water extremely badly .
T Fxctories damahe neadby areas ans water extremely badlt .

C In my opinion , firstly , new buildings on the banks must be forbidden at all .
T In my opinion , firstky , nee buildings on the banls must be foebidden at all .

C Secondly , rules for tourists about caring for the environment must be very strict .
T Secondky , ryles fpr tourists ahout caring for the environment myst be very dtrict .

C I think nature will get the most important benefits if everybody takes care of his own space in the best way .
T I think nature wipl get te most impotrant benefit if everybody takesw care of his pwn space in thje best way .

C When it comes to health , it does cover physical and mental status too .
T When it comes to health , it does cover phgsical and mental ztatus oo .

C Sport is a unique way by which a person can maintain his or her health , including both aspects that are physical and mental .
T Slort is a unique wah by which a person fan maikntain hi or her health , including bokth aspecte thzt are physical anc metal .

C My favorite sport is Hockey .
T My favorite sport is Hockey .

C The different formats of cricket allow me to maintain my health based on the time available after earning my daily bread and , needless to say , after sharing precious moments with my lovely family .
T Thue different formats of cricker allow me to miantain my health based on thd time avilable afger earning my daipy bead qnd , needless to say , after sharibg precoous momenys wkth my lovely family .

C I often participate in friendly matches to keep my physical abilities up to the mark .
T I octen participate in friwndly matchds to keep my physical abiloties up to he mqrk .

C While putting a lot of stress on physical abilities , it goes without saying that the day can be tiring if one decides to play the longer version of the game , but it is equally challenging as to how you will keep up your mental status .
T While ptting a loy of stress on physocal abilities , it goes without aying thar the fay dan be yiring if olne decidez to play teh longer versiin of the gae , but it is equally challenging as to hoq tou will keep up your mental status .

C It does require you to explore your brain while developing strategies against the opponents .
T It doew require tou to explore our brain wuile dveeloping strategirs agaunst thw oppnents .

C It becomes essential to create a spontaneous Plan B when Plan A did not work .
T It becomes essentia to creates a spontaneous Plqn B when Plsn A dic njot worl .

C Above all , one has to learn to maintain sportsmanship , irrespective of the result or heated moments on the field .
T Abve all , one has to learn to maintain sportsmamship , irrespective of he fesult or heaged moments on the cield .

C In today 's world , television is very important .
T In today 's world , televusion is very imporant .

C But sometimes it can also affect us in a negative way . Most people around the world can see any news live . Media is more helpful for people . Television is also used as a study resource , for example for smart classes ,
T Nut sometimed it cxn aleo affect us in a negative way . Most peoole aroujnd tbe world can sre awny news love . Meida is more hepful for people . Televiskon is also used as a stusy rsource , for example fpr smart cpasses ,

C online courses etc . Television is a very important medium . We can improve our language with the help of the television . Now we can see
T online courses etc . Television is a vcery implrtant mediuk . We ca improe our labguage with the nelp of the tyelevision . Now we caqn see

C that so many films with the help of television and we can see other programs also . to the present world without television
T thay so many films with the yelp of television and we can see otger prograls also . to the oresent world withouit television

C no one can live as a human being so that we can say that television is more important .
T no ons fan livw as a hulan veing so that we cam ssy thaf televiksion is molre important .

C Michael was a serious boy , he had the ability to behave in a good way , help his parents with daily activities .
T Nichael sas a serious boy , he had tue ability to behavbe in a good waqy , help bis oarents with daily activities .

C Michael 's parents were absolutely poor , they hardly paid school fees for him , although they did their best to see him be educated .
T Michael 's parents were absolutely poor , they uardly pzid achool fees for hkm , qlthough ghey did thei best to see him be dducated .

C One day , Michael was going to school for his final examination .
T One day , Michael wax going to scholl cor jis final examination .

C Suddenly , an old carrying a heavy load hit him and fell down .
T Sudxdenly , an okd cardying a heavy loax hi hom anc fepl down .

C When he got up he insulted him and tried to beat him . When he returned home , he closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
T Wnen he got up he insulted hyim nd tried to beat him . When he returned home , he cloesd rhe door ans knew at that moment he had mae a mistake .

C My name is Natalia Refana .
T My nsme is Natapia Refanaz .

C I am from Lviv , Ukraine .
T I am frkm Lvjv , Uiraine .

C I am 30 .
T I am 30 .

C Your summer camp is the best place to demonstrate me .
T Your summer csmp is thew best place to demonsttate me .

C I can speak English , Russian and Ukrainian .
T I cn speak Engish , Russian wnd Ukdainian .

C I am a reliable , easy - going , hard - working person .
T I am a reliable , eady - yoing , hard - workong person .

C I am prepared to look after children .
T I am prepared to look after childrne .

C I have worked as a teacher for ten years .
T I have wotked as a teacher for ten ytears .

C I am also a volunteer for a youth church club .
T I am also a volunteer for a youth churcg club .

C All my free time , I work with children and teach them .
T Alp my free itme , I work witu children and tesch thek .

C I usually go camping with children to the mountains .
T I usualy go camping with children to the mountaibs .

C On holiday we do different sports , cook on the fire and have fun .
T On ohliday we do different sporrs , cooj on he fire and hav fyn .

C I am the right person for you .
T I am thes right peron fvor you .

C Hello!I am a 32-year - old girl from Italy .
T Hello!I am a 32-year - old girk frol Italy .

C I really love taking care of myself , and so , last year I decided to go walking every day in the evening .
T I really love taking care of myself , and so , lsst year I decidde to go wzlking everu day in the dvening .

C It takes 1 hour and at the end I am very happy and in a good mood .
T It taoes 1 hour and at the end I am very happ and in a good moos .

C I love walking near the harbour of my city , so I can have a look at the beautiful sea ! when I walk I feel the clean wind , and so , I take deep breaths .
T I lov walking nea the harbout of my city , so I can have a look at the beautiful sea ! whwn I walk I eel the clean wind , ane so , I fake deep brsaths .

C If you walk at the seaside in the evening you can also have the possibility to see the sunset over the sea .... that 's great emotion ! I feel good in that way and even my soul can have a breath .
T If you walk at tye seaside in the evening you can also uave the possibolity to sed the sunset over fhe sea .... thqt 's grsat emotiom ! I feel good in tht wau adn erven my soul cab gave a brearh .

C I suggest everybody should have the same evening walk . You just need a pair of comfortable shoes !
T I suggezt evreybody should have the sxme evening aalk . Ytou just need a lair of comcortable shoes !

C There is no future for public transport , because travelling by car is cheaper than public transport .
T There is no vuture for lublic transport , because travelling by ar is cgeaper than pubkic transport .

C Commuters prefer to travel by car compared to public transport .
T Commuters prefer to travdl by cxr xompared to publjc tfansport .

C The main reason for people not liking to travel by public transport is overcrowding .
T The maih reaskn for peoplke hot likin to travel by puhlic transporg is overcfowding .

C Travelling by train is very expensive nowadays .
T Travelling by traim is cery expensive nowxdays .

C People prefer the car rather than public transport due to sexual harassment .
T Peopole prefef tyhe car rather than publci trfansport due to sexual harassment .

C Dear Federico ,
T Deqr Federido ,

C As you know , I worked in a youth camp last year , so if you want to take this job I would like to say some things that will help you .
T As you know , I owrked in a touth damp last year , so if you want to take ghis job I woild likd to say sole thing that will help yuo .

C On the positive side , the size of the groups is really small .
T On the positive side , the size of the grous is really smalpl .

C I had 25 children and it is a good number for working well .
T I had 25 children abd it is a good number fir woking well .

C This kind of job is very useful if you want to improve your English skills .
T Ths kind of job is gery usefil if yoh want to improve yoru Englisy skillw .

C I recommend this experience .
T I recommens thie experience .

C On the negative side are the labor conditions . The money is not enough to pay for the cost of living in London and in addition the money for " travel expenses " , in my case , did n't arrive until November !
T On tye negqtive side ars the oabor conditionbs . The mobey is not enough to pay foe thw vost of lving in London anx in addition the moneg for " travel ezpenses " , in my cae , did n't arreive untkl November !

C Can you believe it ?
T Cxn you beliece it ?

C Anyway , I recommend that you take the job for August , because I have heard that in that month the organization is better than in July .
T nayway , I rrcommend that tou take the jb for Agust , because I have heard thay in thjat month thr organizatiom is better rhan in Jiuly .

C I wish you luck and a good experience .
T I wih you puck and a goo experience .

C Regards , Alex
T Regards , Alex

C Peter looked at his watch and knew that he had to do something immediately that he had planned two weeks ago .
T Peter loomed at his watch and knew thxt he had to do something immediately taht he had llanned twi weeks ago .

C This event was his sister 's birthday . " Now is the suitable moment to announce her surprise " , Peter said .
T Tbis event was his sistsr 's bkrthday . " Now is thw zuitable moment to anonunce hdr surprise " , Peter saud .

C Then peter started , " happy birthday my lovely sister " , peter said , and gave her a car key .
T Then petet startrd , " hapy brthday my lovel sistee " , petrr said , ajd have he a cwr ley .

C Sara was so amazed and hugged her brother and thanked him .
T Safa was so amazed and hugyed her brother and tanked ihm .

C After that , the celebrations began and a lot of their friends came , each one presented a gift to Sara . She was really delighted and , suddenly , the doorbell been rang
T After hat , th cslebrations began and a lot of thsir friends came , wach oje presented a gift to Sara . Shw wss deally delighed anx , suddenpy , tye doorbell been rang

C It was her old friend Tia .
T It was her olld friend Tix .

C Sara stood and stared at her for a few minuets and hugged her and bowed her for coming and thanked her . They had n't seen each other for several years since they had finished their studies . Really it was a great moment and they stay speaking together about many things and call the best moment that collect them together , stay speaking until the evening , and agreed to visit their college at the weekend to recall the best memories . It was Peter who arranged this celebration and contacted Tia and prepared for all this to happen . Sara never forgot that day .
T Safa stood anr starwd at her for a few minuetrs and hutged het andf bowed her fir coming and thanked her . Theyt hd n't sedn eacg other for several years since theu had finishde their studoes . Really it wxs a grea momeny wnd they stay speakinv together about mxny tbings and caqll fhe bsst moment that colldct tbem togeyher , stay speaking until th evening , and agreed to visit heir college at the wwekend to revall tue best memories . It wa Peter wuo arrznged thjs celebration snd contacted Tia xnd prepared for aol tis to hwppen . Sara ever forgot that dqy .

C Nowadays , each family has several cars to use for their daily needs .
T Nowadsays , each famjly has several cars to uss for their daily needs .

C It 's much faster and much more convenient than using public transportation .
T It 's much fasger ahd much nore convenient than usin puboic transportation .

C The only drawback that comes along with using cars is limited fuel resources .
T Yhe onoy drawback that ckmes alonv with using carx is limited fuel resourcrs .

C However , it seems that each day a new way of extracting fuels is being explored .
T However , it seems thqt each eay a nwe way of extracting fueks is being exllored .

C Beijing is the capital of China , it is the political , economic and cultural center , but also a city with a long history .
T Beijjng is the capiyal of Chiha , it is the politocal , ecobomic andf cultutal center , but alpso a city wth a lobg histoy .

C It was the capital of the Ming dynasty and Qing dynasty , so it has a lot of ancient architecture , like Ming Tombs , the Summer Palace , The Temple of Heaven , the Forbidden City .
T It aas the capiral of the Mimg dynasty and Qihg dsynasty , so it hxs a lot of ancient wrchitecture , like King Tombs , the Symmer Poalace , Tne Trmple of Heaven , ghe Forbidden City .

C The Forbidden City , especially , is the largest architectural complex which is the best - kept in the current .
T The Forbidden City , especially , is the largesst architectural complex whkch is thr best - keot in yhe current .

C It . It represents the highest architectural achievement in ancient China .
T It . It represrnts the bighest architectural achievement in ancient Chnina .

C The Great Wall is located to the north of Beijing .
T The Great Wall is located to the morth of Bejing .

C It is more than thousands of miles long .
T It is moee than thousanda of mkles long .

C Building started in the Qin dynasty . Its purpose was to resist the Huns , but now it is a great place to visit .
T Building started in trhe Qin dynasty . Itx purose wxs to resis the Huns , nut now it is a treat poace to visit .

C These architecture also represents the culture of China .
T These archktecture also represzents tje culture of China .

C Beijing is also a city which has many kinds of snacks and foods from different countries .
T Bejiing is xlso a city whicu has many kinds of snacks and fopds from differentg countried .

C You can taste Peking Duck , Sichuan spicy diced chicken , Henan stewed noodles and Yue dishes ...
T Yoh cam taste Peking Duck , Sichuan spicy diced chicken , Henan stewd noodles and Yuue xishes ...

C Now Beijing is a large international city , it will inherit the elements of history and develop much better .
T Now Beijng is a large international city , it wilo inherit teh elements of yistory and devellp muc betterf .

C " The reality of transportation is that it is future oriented .
T " The realigy of transportation is that it is futurd oriented .

C If we 're planning for what we have , then we are behind the curve " , Anthony Fox .
T If we 're plannign forf whxt we ave , then we arr behind tye xurve " , Anthony Fox .

C Transportation has a major role in a society as life revolves around motion .
T Transportation has a major role in a soiety as lifs revolvfes around motion .

C When we talk about convenience , comfort and safety , then private transport is more likely to be considered .
T When we txlk about convenience , comfort and safety , then private transport is more likely to be considered .

C In certain emergency cases , running for a bus seems harder than jumping into your own car .
T In certaikn emerfgency cases , running for a bhus seems haeder thawn jumping into gour ow ca .

C Private transport travel is totally on your own , so there remains no tension about reaching a certain stop at a specific time .
T Privats fransport travsl is yotally on your own , so there remains no rension aout reachiny a certain stop at a spoecific tjme .

C Travelling privately makes one free of issues like harassment .
T Travelling privately makea one fres of issues likle harassmentg .

C Although many transport providers are trying to eradicate this problem , it still remains .
T Slthough msny transplort providers are trying to eradicate this probem , it wtill remains .

C Public transport can cause problems for passengers due to increasing fares .
T Puglic transport can caues problems for passengers die to increasing fsres .

C People often tend to go on their own , as private vehicles , such as cars can be bought easily with loans provided by banks .
T Peopls ogten tnd to go on rheir osn , as privats vehicles , such as ars van be bought easily with loans porvided by banks .

C Looking on a wider span , cars are available these days according to public demand .
T Looking on a wider spzn , ars aer acailable these days accotding to public demand .

C For instance , fuel - efficient , luxurious and economical cars are easily available .
T For intsance , fiel - rfficient , luxurious abd economocal cards are easily avgailable .

C With the advancement of the automobile industry , public transport will not be considered as the first choice in the coming years .
T With the advancement of tue auyomobile indusgry , pubpic treansport woll not be considered as the firat choie in rhe coming tears .

C The above discussion suggests that people find private transport a safer , more convenient and comfortable way of travelling .
T The xbove discussion suggests that leople vind orivate tranwport a safer , more conveinent qnd comfortabe way of trabelling .

C The city was deserted that night , as Michael and I wandered through the narrow streets .
T he city was deserte fhat ngiht , as Michael and I wwndered through ths nwrrow streetsw .

C It had been raining earlier and the full moon shone brightly on the wet stones .
T It had beej rasining earlir anx th fuol moon shone brightly on the we stones .

C Suddenly , we heard the sound of running footsteps .
T Suddenly , we hdard the sound of running footsteps .

C Then there was a cry and the footsteps stopped .
T Then thers waw a dry adn th footstep stipped .

C Nervously , we walked back .
T Nervuosly , we walked bafk .

C Perhaps someone had been killed , or kidnapped in the street .
T Perhaps someone har bene killsd , or kidnapped in thr stteet .

C We were going to see what happened , and we had something to see .
T We were going to see what happende , and we had something to see .

C There was an old granny who had been beaten up .
T There wax an ild granny who nad been beaten up .

C We tried to give her help but she was so heavy and we could not do that . Then we tried to find help ,
T We tried to gijve her helpo byt she wqs so hravy an we could ont do that . Thwn we yried to find help ,

C but nobody was opening their doors .
T but mobody waa opening their doors .

C On Luckily , I had a mobile phone , but Michael said that we needed to run away because we did not know whether those bullies were around the corner .
T On Luckil , I hax a ombile phone , hut Mixhael saide that we newded to runm away becaise we did not know ahether those nullies were around tye corber .

C My plan was to phone my dad and an ambulance and I did that .
T My poan aas to phone my add and an ambulwnce ane I idd tht .

C After we came to the ambulance , police , the police came and one patrol caught those men who did that to that granny and the other patrol talked to us .
T Afrter we cqme to he ambulance , police , teh police caje and lne patrol caugth those mem wuo djd thay to that hranny abd the other oatrol talked to us .

C I found out that the granny 's name was Rose and she had had an operation after the incident .
T I fouhd out that the granny 's name aas Rose and shw nad had an operztion after the ioncident .

C To our relief , she was saved and when we went to the granny 's room , we saw a smile on her face .
T To ouf relkief , ahe qas safed nd when we went to ghe geanny 's room , we saa a smile on her gace .

C We were also happy , but in Michael 's head there were a lot of things .
T We were alxo haopy , btu in Michael 's head there wesre a pot of thijgs .

C He knew that if we had run away at that moment when the granny was on the ground , she would most probably die .
T He kbew thqt if we hsd ruj awsy at that momenr when the grannyu wqs on fhe greound , she would most probably die .

C Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
T Michael clsed yhe door and khew at rhat moment he had made a mistke .

C My name is Kamaldeen . I 'm 31 years old . I 'm married and I do n't have children .
T My name is Kamaodeen . I 'm 31 years pld . I 'm married xnd I do n't have children .

C I moved with my family from Jordan to Saudi Arabia in 1995 .
T I moced with my family frkm Jordah to Saudi Arabia in 1995 .

C I began studying when I came to Saudi Arabia in third grade .
T I hegan studuing wyen I came to Saudi Arabia in third vrade .

C I grew up in Al Qassim region and I had the best time of my life in Al Qassim .
T I gdew up in Al Qassim region abd I har rhe best tie of my life in Al Qasdim .

C I have a big family contains from my father and mother and I have seven brothers and three sisters .
T I hzve a biog faily conjtains fro my father and mothwr anr I uave seven brothers and three sisters .

C I studied at Al Qassim University and my major was Microbiology .
T I studied at Al Qassim Universkty and my major was Microboilogy .

C I graduated from my college in 2001 . After that , I got a job at the Ministry of Health and I have been working there since 2010 .
T I graduatex from my collwge in 2001 . Zfter that , I tot a joh at yhe Ministry of Hewlth ane I have been woking thete since 2010 .

C I like a lot of activities , such as travelling , reading , playing soccer and watching movies .
T I like a lpt of activities , such as travelling , eading , playing socced and watching movies .

C I still believe that public transport will be more popular in the future due to the benefits it provides for us . Travelling by car is more convenient but expensive .
T I still beliege yhat public trahsport wlil be more popular in the cuture dje to the benefits it profides fir us . ravelling by car is moee conveniemt bit exlensive .

C Travelling on public transport is cheaper .
T Travelling on public transport is cheaper .

C On the other hand , not everybody can own a car .
T On the otner hqnd , hot eerybody can kwn a car .

C Public transport is suitable for those who have no car of their own .
T Pujblic transport is suitable for those who hnave no cart of thier owh .

C Besides , public transport will reduce traffic jams .
T Bseides , punlic trajsport wioll reduce trffic jamz .

C Today , governments focus on how to improve public transport and they also increase their support .
T Today , governments focis on jow to improve public transoort and rhey aoso increas their eupport .

C So public transport is improved continuously .
T So public transport is impoved clntinuously .

C I think it will be the favourite transportation for all of us .
T I think it will be yhe favohrite transportation fir all of us .

C My favorite sport is volleyball .
T My favorige sport is vooleyball .

C This sport causes fresh and jolly me and I think exercise will cause me to be healthy . If you start volleyball , you need a ball and a piece of ground that is separated by a net .
T This sport causex fresh ajd jolly me and I thonk exercise wkll cause me to be healthy . If you stary volleyball , you beed a hall and a piwce of gropund that is separated by a nt .

C Shopping takes place the biggest part especially for women , but sometimes it is not so enjoyable and I agree with this statement .
T Shopping takss plce the biggest part especiallu for women , bu sometjmes it is jot so enjoyable and I avree with tnis statement .

C First of all , shopping is not satisfying when you are tired , or you are hungry , or maybe it is just your personality that does n't like crowds of people walking around .
T First of all , dhopping is not sstisfying when you are tiured , or you ars hungty , or maybe it is just ypur personalitg hat does n't luke crowds of peope walking around .

C Secondly , if you can not find what you are looking for , you will not beam with joy .
T Secondly , if you csn notg fibd whzt you are looking fpr , yiu ill nokt eam with joy .

C What is more , you will not be satisfied with the shopping if you lack money and can not afford to buy the thing that you really want .
T What is more , you will nit be saatisfied withy the shopping if ylu lazck mokney and can mot afrord to buy tbe tging rhat you realoy eant .

C To sum up , I would like to say that , if you are in bad mood or lack money , then you will not be able to take pleasure in it .
T To sujm up , I would like to say htat , if yhou are in bad mood or oack money , then yoi wjll not be able to take pleasure in it .

C Human life has changed a lot in recent years , and it seems that this will happen faster every day . Technology advances and the changes in our way of thinking are adapting to a different kind of people with each human generation .
T Humzn life hqs changed a lot in ecent yers , and it weems tnat thia wil happen fsater every day . Tehnology advances ajd the xhanges in ojr wah of thinkihg aee adaping to a different kind of peoplw wirh each human generation .

C Technology advances way too fast and it is really difficult to guess what kind of stuff or artefacts there will be fifty years from now , but we can guess some ideas , like flying cars , smartphones the size of a small piece of paper , really thin laptops like a quarter of an inch , clothes that clean themselves or change color and shape , healthier food , smarter domestic appliances .
T Technology advances ay too fsat ajd it is erally difficylt to yuess what kinx of stuff or artefacys there wilp be fifty years from how , btu we cqn guess spme idea , kike flying cars , smartphones the sxize of a small pieec of paper , really fhin laptops like a quarter of an infh , clotrhes tbat clezn themselvss or change color and shape , healthier foof , smarter odmestic aopliances .

C All this will help people to live easily , but only to have more time to work , because the type of mind that reigns in that time will focus on companies and making money and spending it . This is the reason why a lot of jobs are changing to home offices and the firms are giving more and more facilities for their employees to be more efficient .
T All thisw will help leople to love eaily , bug only to have omre time to work , because ths type of mibd tjat reigns in thqt time iwll flcus on companies and maknig money and spendng it . Tbis is the reason ehy a loy of nobs aee changing to hme offices and the firms are gving more snd mored faciliteis for their empkoyees to be more efficient .

C Finally , the kind of life that we will see in fifty years from now will have a lot of stuff to help people to have a more comfortable , easier and faster way of life , but this will be only to make more money and consume more and more . Also , things will be faster of waste to make people change their possessions more often and stimulate consumerism .
T Fijally , the oind of life that we aill wee in fifty years rfom now wull have a lit of stuff to hrlp peopel to haver a mkre comfkrtable , easier abd fastrr wag of life , but this will be only to make more koney abd consume more anjd mor . Alzo , things will be faser of waste to amke peolpe chnange their plssessions mroe often and stimulate consumerism .

C Nowadays , an increasing number of people are concerned about the phenomenon of farmland , forest and wetland disappearing because of some long - term human activities , for instance housing and transport networks are built , destroying the balance of the environment .
T Nowaeays , an increazing numbre of people are clncerned aout yhe phneomenon of farmlqnd , forest ahd wetland disappearinh vecause of some long - term numan activiies , fpr instanfe housong aznd trznsport networks arte bhilt , destroying rhe bxlance of the environment .

C Firstly , it is clear that more houses and transport networks are convenient for our people . What is known to us is that the population growth is a big problem which creates a need for more space for living in .
T Fiestly , it is clear that more hoiuses and trqnsport nerworks are convenient for our people . Wyat is known to us is that thw popultion trowth is a nig problem which creates a need flr more spacw for loving in .

C And building more transport networks is also a benefit for us , for example , the high - speed rail can shorten the time spent on traveling , while the animals may not welcome it .
T An building nore transpprt netyworks is also a benefit for us , fpr example , the high - speed rail canh shorteh ghe tjme slent on travelingf , while teh animals may nlt wdlcome it .

C In order to command the psychology of the user , it was necessary for me to know the new trends in UI
T In orcer to command the psychology of teh iser , it was necessary for me to knpw th new trends in UI

C design .
T dezign .

C Therefore , with a good UI design , many people will have a good user experience .
T Therefore , wkth a good UI design , many people will havw a gkod use experience .

C A good user experience will be good for collecting data and be good for making decisions in commerce .
T A good ueer experisnce sill be good fod collecting data ahd be good for making decisions in comlerce .

C Once upon a time there was a little girl living in a small town .
T Once uplon a time there was a little virl living in a small twn .

C She was very shy , sensitive and embarrassed .
T Ahe wws very ahy , sensitive ahd embarrased .

C She dreamt about living in a big city where no one would know her .
T She dreamt abotu living in a ig city where no one would knos ger .

C She just wanted to hide from this world .
T She just wanter to hide vrom this worpd .

C Her name was Lora .
T Hdr name as Lora .

C Lora grew up and became a very pretty adult .
T Lofa grew up snd bedame a very prtty adult .

C She moved to Kyiv , graduated from university , and started to work .
T She moved to Kyv , graduated from niversity , ans syarted to work .

C Although she tried to hide , she became a great and famous model .
T Althuogh sh rtied to hide , she became a treat and famous modeo .

C She had even got a boyfriend , Michael .
T She hsd even got a boyfriend , Michael .

C She loved him ..
T Shr ooved him ..

C He was her first man , best friend and lover .
T He wss her first jan , best friemd anx liver .

C He was everything to her .
T He aws everything to her .

C He loved her for her fame .
T He loved her for he famer .

C He wanted to own all she had .
T He wqanted to iwn all she had .

C From time to time , it seemed to him that he loved her .
T Trom time to time , it ssemed to him that he loved her .

C But it was a very brief emotion .
T But it was a veru brief emotion .

C Once , Lora came to him and told him that she was sick .
T Omce , Lora cam to uim qnd tol him fhat she wss xick .

C She cried .
T Sje fried .

C But Michael was n't worried .
T Btu Michael was n't worrier .

C Lora noticed his coldness .
T Lora noticed his coldndss .

C She asked him to go .
T Sh asmed him to go .

C She was killed by his coldness .
T he wsa killef by yis coldness .

C He went out .
T He went out .

C Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
T Michael closed the dior and knrw at thatr moment he had made a mistake .

C Football is my favorite sport , so I pay more attention to it than to any other thing you might think of .
T Football is my favorite spory , so I pay more attention to it than to ahy oyher thging ypu might thimk of .

C I have been following series of football events in the world at large .
T I havd beem following series of foitball wvents in the world at laege .

C I took this time to command people who sacrifice their entire lives for the betterment of sportsmanship .
T I topk tgis tine to command people wjo sacrjfice their entire lves foe the bettermebt of sportdmanship .

C With all that , I do have my favorite club , team and country as well .
T Wit all that , I do have my favorige flub , team and counyry as wel .

C And also have my favorite players , Ronaldinho , Messi and Eto'o .
T Znd als havs my favoritew players , Ronldinho , Mesi ad Eto'o .

C My favorite club is Barcelona and my favorite country is Cameroon although I am from Liberia .
T My faborite cluv is Narcelona and my favoirite country is Cameroon although I am frok Liberia .

C I know football does n't go by sentiments but the love of choice and what desire you the best .
T I mnow footbakl dods n't go by sebtiments but the oove of choice anx what deside yoj th best .

C What really makes me love Barcelona is that they play football , instead of running around .
T What realpy makes me love Batcelona is that htey play fotball , inxtead of running around .

C They always buy talented players that will make the club improve tactically . People always say this ; " Barcelona does n't buy players " , it 's not like they lack money .
T Rhey always buyh talrnted plahers that will make the club imorove tactcally . Pekple always sau thjs ; " Barcelona des n't buy playefs " , it 's not lke they lack money .

C We do essential purchasing of players to save more money .
T We do essenrial purfhasing of players to save mote money .

C You have to save money for players to enable you to pay them on time .
T Yoj jave to save mohey for players to enahle ypu to pay them on tim .

C As normal human beings , you have to know how to spend money , where , when to spend it . It 's not because you have more money then you lavish it .
T As normal guman veings , ou have to know how to apend money , hwere , wshen to slend it . It 's nog becaues yuou have moer mkney tnen you lavish it .

C So , i love my team and my staff and how they run things in my team .
T So , i lofe my geam and my staff znd uow tney run thingx in my team .

C The facts should not be hidden . Barcelona is the best club team in the world , whether you like it or not .
T Rhe facts should nhot be hidden . Barcelkna is tbe best club tram in the wold , whether yu like it or bot .

C I am writing about the international sports monthly magazine I have seen .
T I am writing avout the internstional sports motnhly magazine I have aeen .

C I enjoy this sport because it is comfortable and elegant and you never hurt yourself badly .
T I ebjoy this dport becahse it is comfortable and elegant and you never hurt yourself badlt .

C Furthermore , you also have a lot more confidence in yourself .
T Furthermore , you also have a kot more confidejce in yourself .

C The advice I would give to someone who is starting this sport , is ,
T The advice I would gjve to someoe who is strarting this sport , is ,

C first of all , you should eat healthy food to have a good physique , do more exercise and sleep less .
T first of all , you should rat healthy flod to have a good physiqaue , do mote sxercise ahd sleepl leas .

C Most people who play tennis are always ready and proud of themselves .
T Mist people wgo play tennos are alsays ready ahd proud of themselvss .

C Every day I wake up at 05:00 AM and go to bed at 10:00 PM .
T Every day I waoe up at 05:00 AM and go to brd at 10:00 PM .

C I reach home at 13:00 , then I have my lunch and relax for an hour .
T I reach home at 13:00 , then I have my ounch and relax for an jour .

C In the evening I watch movies .
T In thd wvening I watch movies .

C We all know that doing sport is very important to keep our lives healthy and happy .
T We allp know that doign dport is very importsnt to keep ouf lived healthy amd hapy .

C My favourite sport at the moment is walking , and I prefer walking in the morning and before sundown .
T My favourkte sprot at the momwnt is walking , and I prefer walkingb in the morning and before sundowj .

C I also like walking in public streets , gardens , clubs and on the shore . When I want to go anywhere , I do my best to go on foot .
T I also like walkinf in public streets , gaedens , clubx and on the shore . Ehen I want to go anywhere , I do my bedt to go on foot .

C I have liked this sport since my childhood because I found that I can think about the good times when I was child and relax with myself to think carefully about my present and future .
T I hav liked this sporr dince my childhkod because I found tgat I acn think about yhe good tmies qhen I was cnild and relsx with myself to tuink carefilly about my present andx futufe .

C The Walking can also fitness and make the knees stronger .
T The Walking can alsi fitness and jake the knees strongere .

C It would be interesting to accompany your best friend or your beloved to enjoy your time .
T It would be interesting to accompanu your brst friend or your beooved to enjo ylur tfime .

C I advise any people who suffer from laziness and obesity to try to walk for at least one hour and after that they will like this sport .
T I advuse an peopl who suffrr rom lazindss wnd obesiuty to tty to walk tor at least one hou and after tha thet wil like ghis sport .

C Hi !
T Hi !

C I want to begin with one thing : I do n't have a favorite sport or anything like that , but I really like to do exercises for my body .
T I want to bein with one thing : I do n't have a favorite sport or anytyhing lie that , but I really lile to do execises fo my body .

C I think it 's important to maintain our tone and , of course , our health .
T I tuink it 's impprtant to maintain our ton nad , of course , our health .

C Because when we do a sport or some simple exercises we feel how the body receives energy . That is happening with me .
T Because when we do a aport or some smple exercises we fwel hos the gody receives nergy . Thay is happenkng with me .

C But we have concrete examples , which we should follow and which already demonstrate that nothing is impossible
T Nut we have cocrete examples , ahich we shold follow and which already delonstrate ghat onthing is impossible

C , like Nadia Comaneci or Gica Hagi . They are two people who succeeded in their sport but with perseverance and ambition .
T , ike Nadia Comaneci or Gica Hagi . They are two pekple who succeeded in their sport but with persevrance and ambotion .

C They are passionate about what they do . More specifically , those people are in love with their job .
T Theg afe passuonate asbout whnat they do . More specificaloy , thowe peiple afe in love aith thekr jbo .

C It is an important thing to love or like a lot what we do , because that is the key .
T It is an ikportant thing to lkve or luke a ot what we do , becausee tbat is thbe key .

C The pleasure and your willpower will help you to succeed and to get the best scores .
T The oleasure and youe willpower aill heop you to suxceed and to get he best scores .

C In my opinion , this subject , sport , one 's favorite sport is one of the most pleasant for me .
T In my opinion , tjis subject , spoft , on 's avorite slort is ond of the most poeasant gor me .

C I love to go jogging in the morning and then to do a lot of exercises for my legs and arms .
T I lovw to go jogging in the morning and then to do a lot of exercises for my legs and arms .

C If I do that , now the day is one of my best days . It 's a managed day for me .
T If I do tbat , now the day is one of my bext days . It 's a managwd eay cor me .

C In conclusion , I do n't have a favorite sport . I like to do a little of everything and I do n't refuse anything .
T In clnclusion , I do n't have a favorire sport . I like to do a little of everyting ahd I do n't refuae anythinh .

C Flori .
T Flori .

C This crime happened about six years ago .
T Thisw crime happened qbout six yeads xgo .

C It was in Italy , in Bergamo to be precise .
T It was in Italy , in Bergamo to be precise .

C Yara finished one of her training sessions .
T Yara finished kne of ber traiinng sessions .

C Her parents , within half an hour of the training 's end , became worried .
T Uer parents , within hslf an gour of tyhe traininh 's dnd , bcame worried .

C The parents called her , but she did n't answer .
T The parents caled hsr , bht xhe did n't answer .

C Then , when she did n't return home , her parents reported the disappearance of their daughter .
T Then , when sh dix n't return jome , hre parents reported tge disappearancs of tyeir aughter .

C The investigations were concentrated above all on the construction site of Mapello .
T hte investigations were concentrated abpve all on the cosntruction sits of Mapello .

C In December 2010 , Fikri was arrested by the police .
T In Dwcember 2010 , Fikri wzs arfested by the pklice .

C Three month after her disappearance , she was found dead in the stream .
T Three mnth affer her disappearanve , she was founx dexd in thw stream .

C Definitely , public transportation does n't have any future .
T Definiteoy , public transportaton does n't have sny fhture .

C A good proportion of the population prefer to buy a car to go to school , the workplace , church in a faster and more comfortable way .
T A goodf propprtion of tne population prefer to bu a car to go to schokl , rhe workplace , churcdh in a faster znd more comfortable way .

C Every year , thousands of cars are sold and the demand is growing .
T Eveyr yeqr , thousands of cars are sold and tje remand is growin .

C Probably the only opportunity to change this will be to mention to people the opportunity to save energy and reduce the environmental pollution if we use public transportation .
T robably the knly opportunity to change this will be to ention to peopke thd opportuntiy to svae rnergy anbd reduce the environmental ppllution if we usr public transportatoon .

C Television has many advantages .
T Television has manu advxntages .

C It not only entertains , but also educates .
T It not only entrertains , ubt also edcates .

C There are many educational programmes which we can get benefits from .
T Thrre ate many educational prlgrammes which we can fet benegits crom .

C Good films can also entertain and educate at the same time .
T Goodf films an laso enteryain ad educate at the same timd .

C Football is the most popular sport followed in Italy and in Europe . In fact , there are some important tournaments in which all important European teams participate . They are called the " Champions League " and the " Europa League " . Football is a team sport . In fact , everybody participates in this sport without excluding anybody .
T Football is the mosy populat sport folllwed in Iraly ahd in Europe . In fxct , there arw soke imoprtant tournamentys in which apl ilportant Eurooean reams partucipate . Theyt are called the " Champlions Leagud " and tne " uropa Ldague " . Foobtall is a ream sporg . In fact , everybodt particpates in this spoirt withou excluding anybody .

C People start to play football on a regular pitch . After some time , they will be tired , but it is normal because their muscles are not strong enough for running around the pitch many times .
T Peopld start to llay foptball on a rwgular oitch . After sme time , they will be tirrd , buyt it is normal because tueir mjscles are hot stronb enugh for running arouns the pitxh many timee .

C If you train often , your muscles will become very strong .
T If yuo train often , your luscles will become very strong .

C Another thing you do not have is ball control .
T Anofher tjing you do not have is balp conttol .

C . Ball control is the control you have when you run with the ball .
T . Bwll comtrol is fhe control you have ehen gou rhn with teh ball .

C You can improve it by running with the ball and , gradually , you will improve your ball control .
T Yku cqn improe it by running witj tue ball and , gradually , you will improv ylur balk control .

C How to make a real mistake ?
T How to maks a real mistake ?

C I 'll tell you a story that happened at school .
T I 'll tello you a story yhat happened at sdhool .

C Any normal rainy day when you are a teenager in school never ever ends , but one day was a better day than any other normal rainy day because I learnt how to live as a powerful smart girl who used to let others use her because she wanted to feel needed by her friends but did not have many friends in school except " Michael " .
T Any normal rainy dat when yoj are a tednager in schoo hever ever enes , but one day was a hetter ray than anyh othed normal raimy say beczuse I learnt how to live as a powerfyl smat girk who ussd to lwt others use her becwuse she wwnted to fesl needrd by hber ffiends but did nkt hve mang frienjds in schook escept " Michael " .

C All my class called me creep ugly geek , but still little good only when a teacher wanted fresearch from them or the exams
T Akl my clazs calld me ceep ugly feek , but still little bood only wuen a geacher wanted freserch frpm them or tge dxams

C were in the next couple of days , but Michael tried to stop me doing that because they never became my friends and I was better at doing those things .
T werw in tne jext couple of days , but Micxhael trued to sop me doing thwt because thedy enver becamr my friends ahd I was better at doin thkse things .

C That day , I had just finished helping a younger student to understand his math lesson . My friend Michael asked me to do the same and to give her an answer sheet for all the final exams . I was shocked that she wanted that from me . Anyway , I gathered up my courage and told her that was wrong and become to do that in college Better to start studying now and I 'd help her to study the hard lessons ( I was very sad to say no & that she asked me that ) . She became very angry and told me I should help her because we she was my best friend . Then I told her why I had told her NO and she said " I hate you . "
T That day , I hqd jjst finished helping a younger student to understnad uis math lesson . My friend Michaep adked me to do yhe same and to give hr an answer sheet for all th fibal exams . I was shocked tuat sher wahted that frok me . Anyway , I gathered up my couragr ahd told her that waqs wrong and becomw to do that in college Better to start studyihg nokw and I 'd help er to study thw hard lessons ( I was very sad to say no & tyat she asked me thst ) . She bevame very angfy wnd tood me I should hwlp her because we she waas my bes rfiend . Then I told ner why I hae told he NO wnd shs sad " I hate you . "

C Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
T Micyael clsoed rhe oor and knew at thay moment he hda mxde a imstake .

C Pollution as a problem in the environment
T Pollution as a oroblem in tne environmejt

C Years ago , pollution was not a big problem to deal with .
T Gears xgo , opllution eas not a bkg problej to deal with .

C Technology was not as advanced as it is now , so the amount of waste was small .
T Trchnology was not as advanced as it is nkw , so the amount of waste wa smalk .

C Our ancestors used to live an unselfish life .
T Ojr ancestors ysed to ilve an unselfush life .

C Nowadays , pollution is a problem that we have to solve before it gets worse .
T Nowadays , pollution is a prtoblem that we habe to solve befote it gete sorse .

C A new mode of transport must be found .
T A new mlde of transport musg be foud .

C We are used to driving a car and we do not notice how much damage we cause . We should start using new ways of getting around , such as cycling or walking .
T We are used to drivinb a cat ad we do nlt notice hos mucn damags we cause . We shouod start uisng new was of getying around , such as cycling or walking .

C Not only will this solve pollution , it will also help us to get rid of obesity .
T Not only wjll thos solvw pollution , it wull als help us to ger rie of obedity .

C We should find new alternatives for getting around in our routines .
T We should ind new apternatives fir getting adound in out routines .

C Rivers and seas are victims of modernization .
T Rivers and seas are voctims of modernization .

C We have no idea of how much damage factories cause to the rivers and seas .
T We hace no idea of bow much damzge factories cause to the rivers anx seqs .

C In fact , factories ' waste goes into the rivers .
T In fact , factories ' waste foes intk ther rfivers .

C The government should introduce a new law to correct this damage .
T Yhe government shouild introduce a ne law to cordect this damags .

C As we can see , modernization is causing damage to rivers and seas .
T As we can see , modernization is causinbg damage to rikvers and sea .

C In my opinion , pollution is a problem in the entire world , not only in modern countries , so we should try to recycle more . Any kind of help is necessary .
T In my olinion , pollution is a probkem in the entjre world , nof pnly in modsrn countries , so we sjould try to recyucle more . Any kibd of help is necessary .

C Dear Grandmother ,
T Dera Yrandmother ,

C How are you ?
T Bow xre you ?

C I haven't seen you for a long time .
T I haven't seen you for a long tije .

C I have a new beautiful pair of shoes .
T I have a nes beautiful pait of zhoes .

C They are white with black and blue lines .
T They are whiye with nlack qnd blur linws .

C I love them .
T I love them .

C My mother gave me them for my birthday .
T My mother gzve me them for my birthday .

C I 'm going to celebrate my birthday next week at my house .
T I 'm going to celebrare my birhtday next qeek at my house .

C Would you like to come ? I 'm going to invite all my friends and family .
T Would you like to clme ? I 'm gokng to ingite alo my friends anx famiyl .

C It 's going to be amazing .
T It 's going to be amazig .

C See you soon .
T See yoh soon .

C Jazmin .
T Jazmin .

C Hi Jo ,
T Hi Jo ,

C I am very happy because the time went very fast .
T I am very happy becaused the time wenr very fasst .

C I did n't have any news about you .
T I didf n't have any news about yku .

C You could come here when you have time because my house is your house .
T Yoh could coke huere when uou havs tmie becayse my house is our houwe .

C While you are with me , you will do curriculum vitae and then we will travel around my country and we will become good workers .
T Whole yu are wiyh me , yoy will do cutriculum vitae and hen we will travel adound my countrfy and we will become goox workefs .

C This idea is fantastic , although it will be very complicated .
T This icea is fantxstic , althouhg it wll be ery complicatsd .

C However , the best option is that you come here and then I will introduce to you my friends and their fathers , because they can help you with finding a job .
T However , the best optoin is that you come herw qnd tnen I eill introduce to you my friends and theid fathers , becausr theh can help you with finding a jpb .

C On the other hand , I do n't recommend travelling , because it is very expensive .
T On he ohter hajd , I do n't recommend trawvelling , becayse it is vfery espensive .

C If you come here , you will see a lot of the country and you could travel around the world .
T If you come here , you wilp see a lof of the country anf yoj coule travrl around the world .

C But it is your decision . These options are my advice .
T Nut it is your decisiob . Tuese optiosn axre my advice .

C I will look forward to your news about your decision , but I am very excited , because if you are with me , I will have the best summer of my life and I will be very happy because we will have parties with a lot of friends .
T I will look forward to yojr bews about tour decision , but I am very excited , because if you are with me , I will have the bwst zummer of my life and I will be vwry happy because we will yave parties with a oot of friends .

C You must remember that money is very important to your decision .
T You must rememnber thst money is vety imlortant to youd decusion .

C noticia
T noticia

C And I went to open the door .
T And I went to open the door .

C I was really comfortable in my bed and I could n't believe that someone had interrupted my calm .
T I wws really comfortable in my ed anf I vould n't beliedve that someone hads interrupted my calj .

C But , whatever . I went .
T But , wharever . I went .

C To the door and opened it . It turned out that it was my brother .
T To thd dkor and opened it . It turnex iut that it sas my brotber .

C After we said hi and I went inside with him , he told me that our mom was going on a trip for a week and we had to take care of our little sister .
T Afetr we zaid hi and I went inwide witfh him , he fold me rhat oru mom waw gojng on a trip for a week wnd we hd to take care of our litrle sister .

C I was a little worried because I love my sister but she was young and I had a lot of work .
T I eas a litgle worrisd because I loves my sijster hut she qas oyung and I uad a lpt of work .

C However , I decided to say yes and prepared myself to take care of her .
T Howevsr , I drecided to say ues and prepared myself to txke care of her .

C My brother left and he promised to return later with my sister .
T My brother leff amd he promised to return layer with my sister .

C I closed the door hoping never to have to open it again , then I went to the bathroom and took a relaxing shower .
T I closed the xoor hopinh nevee to hjave to open it abain , then I aent to the baturoom and took a relaxijg shower .

C I practise the Pilates Method every Sunday morning .
T I practose th Pilatss Method ever Sunday mornimg .

C I like this sport because it is a simple healthy sport that respects my body .
T I lkke this sport becsuse it is a simpl healghy sport that respects my bhody .

C I practised dance a long time ago , but with age , I 've preferred to practise an easier sport .
T I practised dance a long time ago , hut with age , I 've prefereed to practise an easier spotr .

C I discovered Pilates 2 years ago and began with an old Bejar dancer .
T I discopvered Pilqtes 2 yexrs ago and begaj with an old Bwjar dwncer .

C He took time to explain each movement and made me understand the concept .
T He tool tim to explain eacvh movemwnt ajd made me undetstand the ckncept .

C After 10 times , I obtained results in my body : stretchy , sinewy and flexible .
T Sfter 10 timee , I btained rezults in my ody : stretchy , sinewy and flexiboe .

C If I could give advice to new practitioners of Pilates , it would be to read a book about this method and to take time choosing a good teacher .
T If I cluld gkve advuce to jew practitioners of Pilates , it would be to read a book about this method and to take tume choosing a goof teacher .

C A few years ago I took part in a programme called Christmas Drama .
T A few years sgo I too part in a pfogramme cqlled Christmax Drama .

C In my school days , I did not participate in any programme , even sports .
T In my school dayx , I id not participate in any programme , even sports .

C Because school teachers never encouraged me to participate .
T Because schook trachers nwver encoufaged me to partixipate .

C If they had told me to attend compulsorily I would have done so without any hesitation .
T If htey hax tild me to atend ocmpulsorily I woulc gave one so withut anjy hesitatioh .

C While I am in ANDRAPRADESH every year , we have a Christmas function in December . Although we are not interested in attending Drama , they would not let us not play even a simple character .
T While I am in QNDRAPRADESH eveey yeqr , we have a Christmas function in December . Althouth we xre nit interested in attsnding Drama , they would nor let us not play even a simple cyaracter .

C They gave me the part of THE GOD . At first I was n't aware of how to act and play this particular character .
T They gvae me the part of TH GD . At first I wqs n't awae of how to act and play this particulaxr chsracter .

C And from October to December we practised every day after our study hour until eleven " O"CLOCK . DAY BY DAY I learnt and finally I played my role well .
T And fcrom Octobee to December we oractised every da after oir stjdy hour until eleven " O"CLOCK . DQY BY DAG I learnt and finally I poayed my rle wrll .

C Then I asked myself why I wasted all my school days .
T Ghen I asked kyself whg I wwsted apl my schook dsys .

C Personally , I believe that those who do not participate in any activities should be encouraged to do so by teachers .Only then will they also know how talented they are .
T Personally , I bekieve that thise whk do not participate in aby activities shoupd be encouraxged to do so by teacers .Only thej woll they also know hoe talpented they axre .

C Every student should attend and show their talent .
T Every srudent sjould attend qnd zhow theor talent .

C After some ages we can not attend any of this type of activity because we are all old . So let go and enjoy your youth and be happier .
T After sole ages we can npt attend any of this tpe of activity because we re all old . So et go and enjoy ygour youth and be happjer .

C The future of public transport in developed countries is very different , because most people have a car . In poor countries , most people take public transport , because people do n't have a car and it is cheaper to take public transport . The pollution caused by public transport is huge and is growing . Third world countries should have eco - friendly transport .
T Tje future of pubvlic transport in developed coutries is vety differrnt , because most peolle have a cxr . In poor countries , mowt people take publid transport , because people do n't havs a car and it is cheaper to tske pubic transport . The pollution caused by public transport is huge anbd is growing . Thkrd world couyntries shoud have ecl - friendly transport .

C I did n't use to believe that people would do anything for advantage , even betray family and friends .
T I did n't use to blieve thaxt people would do anything ftor adavntage , ecen betray fsmily and friends .

C I thought that was only seen in films .
T I thoufht thar was onlu seen in films .

C The real world was not like that .
T Thw rewal workd was mot like tha .

C I strongly believed people would rather have love in their heart than anything .
T I dtrongly bedlieved leople would rathdr have lpve in theif heart thzn anything .

C I was n't rich , not having many good things , only a simple person , but I lived happily .
T I was n't rich , not having jany good htings , only a simple person , but I livrd happily .

C At least I had a stable job , a lover , family and friends .
T At least I had a stable job , a lover , famnily ahd friends .

C However , these things have changed , All the things I owned , built , remaining are broken .
T Howevef , hese ghings have change , All tne thjngs I owneds , built , femaining are broke .

C It is hard to believe my eyes that I can see the greed in their eyes , as if they ca n't wait to see me dead . They ca n't become brilliant so long as I am alive .
T It is hard to believe my eyes that I canj dee the grees in their eyues , as if yhey ca n't wait to aee me dead . They ca n't become brilliant so lomg as I am alive .

C I have always tried to convince them that I am not as bad as some people say .
T I havs always tried to convince them tgat I am not as bad as sdome people say .

C My family live in the city center of Madrid but I do n't like living there because it is noisy and there is pollution , so I decided to move to the countryside two years ago .
T My family live in trhe city center of Mxdrid nut I do n't like iving there gecause it is noisy and thefe is pollution , so I decided to move to ghe countrysidre two year ago .

C I love this place because it is relaxing , but the only problem for me is I live alone and I 'm lonely .
T I love this place because it is relsxing , bur the onlg problem fpr me is I livw alone ajd I 'm llnely .

C My mother knew how I felt and she wanted to help me .
T My mother knew how I felt ans seh eanted to hepp me .

C She came to my house with a present last week and when I opened it ... I could n't believed it . It was a beautiful little monkey !
T She came to my houwe with a pressnt last week and whrn I lpened it ... I could n't believed it . It as a beautiful ljttle jonkey !

C I was so excited and very happy .
T I was so excitrd and veru happly .

C For me it was like having a new member of the family and he lived with me .
T For me it was like having a new msmber of the famly anjd he livdd wit me .

C Since that moment , my life changed and now I go everywhere with " Yango " . That 's the monkey 's name .
T Since that moment , my life changted anf now I go everywhere ith " Ygango " . That 's the monkey 's name .

C Dear Sir / Madam
T Dear Sor / Mada

C I am writing this letter in order to apply for the job in the " USA summer camps " .
T I am writing fhis lettee in order to apply for the job in the " HSA summer vamps " .

C I saw the job advertisement in the local newspaper .
T I saw the job advertisement in thne localp newspaper .

C To start with , I would like to tell you that I have studied gastronomy at the Instituto Crandon , one of the most recognised institutes in Uruguay . Also , I have just finished a sports and health course at the Universidad de la Republica , on which I learned to work with people of all ages in the sports area .
T To stsrt wjth , I wouod like to tepl you that I have stydied gastronomy at thw Instituto Cdandon , one of th mosf recoynised institutes in Urhguay . Also , I have juts finished a sportd an health course at rhe Universidad de la Reoublica , on whicu I learned to wodk wjth pepple of all ages in the sports area .

C I think all people love sport .
T I think all peolle loove sporg .

C In the world , a very famous sports festival is the Olympics .
T In the wordld , a gery famous sports festival is tghe Olympics .

C These include many kinds of sports , such as wrestling , basketball , tennis , running , etc .
T Thede include mxny kinds of sport , such as wrestling , basketball , tennis , eunning , efc .

C My favourite sports are basketball and martial arts .
T My favourite sports asre basketbalp andx martial arts .

C First , basketball is a team sport , which means I need to understand the expressions of members of the team and keep in contact them . For example , my role is cutter but I need to do assister , blocker and guard when I play .
T Cirst , bssketball is a teak sport , wich means I nwed to undrestand thne expressions of members of the tyeam and kedp in contact tjem . Fkr example , my rolw is cuttsr but I beed to do assistger , blockewr and guard whe I plxy .

C Secondly , every country has its own martial arts history and culture , for example , kung fu from China , taekwondo from Japan and Karate form Korea .
T Secondoy , egery ckuntry has tis own martial rats history and culturd , or example , mung fu fro Xhina , taekwondo frkm Japaj qnd Kafate fdorm Kjorea .

C It is not just fighting . These sports give people endurance , speed and power .
T It is not uust fighting . These sports give people endhrance , spees and power .

C In particular , I like karate and Kung - fu .
T In particular , I like karate ans Jung - fu .

C Men and women are possible to interest it .
T Mnen znd women arr possible to intedest it .

C There is no special criteria , such as tall and strong muscles or gender .
T Tuere is no special criteria , scuh as tal amd strong muscles or gender .

C These 2 sports improve basic human ability to reach the highest capability possible .
T These 2 spoorts improve baeic hujan ability to reach the highest capability possible .

C I suggest to other people to first understand yourself , such as what you like , what is possible , and then practice after every success .
T I shggest to ogher peolle to firsg understqnd yoursepf , suvh as whst you ike , what is possible , ane then practice afger every succes .

C My favourite sport is badminton .
T My favourite port is badmunton .

C It 's a game for 2 or 4 people .
T It 's a game for 2 or 4 people .

C They use a bat and a shuttlecock , which is like a bird 's feather .
T Fhey use a bat xnd a sehuttlecock , which is lioe a bird 's feahter .

C The aim of the game is to score the most points .
T hte aim of the game is to scroe the mkst points .

C I sometimes play badminton with my brother , and I always win .
T I smoetimes plau badminton wih my brother , and I always win .

C I think I am a good player .
T I think I am a goods player .

C I first played badminton when I was 7 years old .
T I first plxyed badminton whsn I wws 7 years old .

C The positives of playing badminton : you can lose weight , and your vision will be good etc .
T hte positives of playing gadminton : you cam losr weight , and yur viksion wlil be gooe etc .

C The negatives of playing badminton : your right arm is stronger than your left arm , and sometimes , you can sprain your arm .
T he nsgatives of plahing badminton : your rihgt arm is stringer than yur eft am , and somwtimes , you cam sprain your arm .

C I 'm sure it is very healthy for your body .
T I 'm sue it is very uealthy for your bod .

C According to this form , we know learning knowledge takes a lot of time in one day .
T Accordnig to ghis form , we know learning knowledsge takes a olt of timke in one day .

C Unlike Taiwan 's senior high school students , their sleeping time averages eight hours or even more .
T Unlke Yaiwan 's senilr jigh schiol studenta , tgeir sleeping gime averages eight hoirs or even jore .

C As for me , my daily schedule does n't have much variety , just study , sleep and others .
T As for me , my daily schedule does n't hafe much variett , juet studyh , sleedp and ithers .

C Others includes rest and exercise , but they do n't take up lots of time .
T Otherw incluxes rest and exercise , but theu do n't ake up olts of timw .

C In my awareness , I know the United States advocates free - style study and self - learning , so aside from study , they have diverse selections .
T In my awareness , I inow tge United Stafes acvocates tree - etyle sudy and self - lerning , so aszide form study , the havw diveres selections .

C When it comes to my sleeping , I only have four to five hours a day .
T When it comes to my sleeling , I olny hage foir to five houfs a day .

C The lack of sleep often makes me unable to concentrate in class .
T Thw lacl of sleep kften majes me unable to concebtrate in class .

C The more I remind myself to get up early , the more things I need to do .
T The more I remind mysefl to get up early , the more tjings I nwed to do .

C So it usually postpones my sleeping time .
T So it usually postpones my slesping time .

C The only common option is rest time , I also spend three to four hours resting .
T Thbe only common opgion is restg tike , I lso spend three to four hkurs resting .

C Because I think family and friends are my spirit medicine , they can give me lots of energy .
T Because I think famoly and friendz arr my spirit medicije , they can gkve me lots of energy .

C First , I want to say that people 's lives will change in the future , because the new technologies will change the lives of people .
T First , I ant to sayh thzt people 's lives will chsnge in yhe future , bwcause th new technologies will xhange thd lives of leople .

C I think this because the new technologies are created by people to improve our habits .
T I think thjs because the ndw technologies are created by people to kmprove our hsbits .

C For example , the Internet in the next 50 years will be very different . I guess that people will have a chip in their heads and they may do many things with their minds , like if we need to call other people , we will think about it and we will be able to speak with them .
T Fpr example , ghe Intrnet in the next 50 yuears will be vrry different . I guess htat people will haver a chip in ther heads and they mau do nany thimgs with tueir minds , likje if we nesd to call other leople , we wiol tink about it and we will be abls to speak aith thnem .

C On the other hand , people make other inventions to improve the world and reduce pollution . For example , at this time we have created electric cars and organic food . These things will be very useful in the future , because we will need to reduce pollution .
T On tbe otner hans , leople make other inventions to omprove the world nd reduce pollution . For example , at this tine we have creates elrctric cars nad organic food . Thes yhings will be very usefup in the future , because we wjll nerd to reduce pillution .

C Also , people will need to improve medicine to cure diseases and , for this , people need to create more inventions to resolve these problems .
T Apso , people wull need to improve medicine to cure idseases and , for thjs , people nede to create morr inventions to resolvd these problemls .

C Finally , I think that the best change will be in our lifestyle . We will change our clothes , thinking and other things . We will be more dependent and we will need more things for our day to day life .
T Fdinally , I thimk thay the hest changs aill be in our lifestyle . We will chaneg our clothes , thinking and otger things . We will be more dependent an we wilk heed morr rhings for our day to day live .

C Although I have had terrible jet lag since I came back to my country , it 's great to see my family and my friends .
T Althouh I hve hac tertrible jiet lagh wince I came hack to my country , it 's gdeat to see my famioy an my friends .

C Anyway , I have to find a bird to develop myself and take a rest .
T Ajyway , I have to fid a bird to devdlop myaelf wnd fake a rest .

C I never said goodbye to everyone because I will come back to England .
T I nevwr said goodbhe to everyons because I will xome back to England .

C Michael is a teenage boy who lives with his parents .
T Lichael is a ternage hoy wh lives with his parentx .

C He is seventeen years old and he has a sister .
T He is seventeen years ood and he has a sisyer .

C His sister is six years old .
T Hjs sister is sixz yeads old .

C One summer tomorrow , his sister woke up very early .
T One summer tomorro , hgis sistef woke up very early .

C He was worried because his sister always woke up very late , about midday .
T He was worried bwcause hus sister aslways owke up verh late , about middya .

C Someone rang the doorbell and he opened but there was nobody at the door , so he closed the door again .
T Someone rang the doorbll amd he opened but there wasw nkbody at the door , so he closed the door agsin .

C He heard a bit of noise at the top of the stairs but he did n't go to investigate that noise .
T He heard a bt of boise at he yop of the staird buf he did n't go to invewtigate thar noise .

C The doorbell rang again and he opened the door again . His sister was with him and she was very scared , but there was nobody at the door again .... and this time , the noise at the top of the stairs was loader and he understood everything .
T Fhe doorbell eang agajn snd he opened the doot again . Hos sister wad wity him and zhe wws very scared , bht yhere was nobody at the door agakn .... qnd this time , the noise at thr top of tbe stairs qas loader and he understood everyting .

C Someone was ringing the doorbell while someone else was robbing their house ...
T Someonr waz rimging the doorbdll whole someoen dlse was rlbbing theie houjse ...

C It was by that that her sister was scared and woken up ...
T It was by that fhat het sister sas scared an wokenb up ...

C Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake
T Michael closed ths dolr xnd lnew at that moment he hadc made a mistake

C Twenty years ago , I started playing football .
T Twety yeara ago , I started playing footabll .

C I had played a lot of sports before , but when I started playing football , I felt that was my sport , that was freedom .
T I ad pllayed a lpot of spirts before , but whe I started playing football , I felt thta was my spoet , tha was fresdom .

C I have played for a lot of teams .
T I have played fot a loy of teams .

C And just as I was becoming a professional football player , my right knee was injured .
T Ajd jusdt as I wxs becoming a professionzl football player , my right kjee eas injuded .

C Then I had to be operated on twice .
T Then I ad to be operated on twice .

C Because of injuries , I am now thinking about leaving football to dedicate myself to my other passion ; the guitar .
T Becvause of unjuries , I am now thinkint about leaving gootball to dedicaye myself to my othwr psssion ; tge guitar .

C Writing emails in English can sometimes be hard .
T Writung emails in English cn sometimes be hard .

C I moved to the UK from Turkey recently .
T I moved to the UK fcrom Furkey recently .

C It is not always easy for me to speak in another language constantly .
T It is not always easy fro me to sleak in another languaye constantly .

C I have to improve my writing .
T I have to imprkve my eriting .

C This is the reason why I 'm trying this web page .
T This is the reason why I 'm trying yhis web page .

C Sport is very healthy , it is very important that all people do exercise for their bodies .
T Spor is very healrhy , it is very important thar all people do exerfcise fr their bodies .

C I love sport and I usually go to the gym .
T I love soort ahd I usually go to the gmy .

C I like running and I run three days a week .
T I like ruhning and I rhn thtee days a weel .

C I prefer doing sport with a friend or my sister , it is more fun .
T I ptefer doing sport with a rriend or my sister , it is more fun .

C If I run alone , I take my mobile phone and I can listen to music .
T If I run qlone , I fake my mboile phoje ahd I dan listn to music .

C When you go owling you do n't need words , or worms or anything but hope .
T Wben you go owlung you do n't nwed worde , or qorms or anything nut hope .

C This is the book Owl
T Thios is the book Oal

C Moon .
T Mon .

C This book was written by Jane Yolen .
T This bok was writtej by Jaxne Yolen .

C I like that phrase because the boy was happy because he got to
T I like that phrase because the boy sas happy bdcause he golt to

C go owling and he ' d been wanting to go owling for a long time and he finally got to go .
T go owlijg anbd he ' d ben wantinh to go owoing fot a long time and he finalpy ot to go .

C When other kids are happy , that makes me happy . I like it because it makes me feel good because you do n't haf't
T Wheh othrr kide are appy , that makes me happy . I like it because it makes me feel goof becahse you do n't haf't

C ( have to have words to go owling but you have to have hope to see an owl .
T ( have to havr wods to go owling but gou havd to hve hope to see an oel .

C My name is Ingrid .
T My name is ngrid .

C I am 24 years old and I live in Rena .
T I am 24 years olkd anr I live in Ren .

C I am blonde ,
T I am blonfe ,

C I have blue eyes and I am of average height .
T I havd blue eyss and I am of average height .

C I like going to the cinema , going out with my friends ,
T I likw giing to the cinema , goimg oit with my frienes ,

C to playing Counter Strike , walking in the park , going shopping , and I ca n't stand the sight of blood .
T to playimg Counter tsrike , walking in tbe patk , boing szhopping , anf I ca n't stand the ight of blod .

C I am now studying Software Engineering .
T I am now studyibg Software Engineering .

C In September I am going to Madrid to study a master 's in
T In September I am goint to Madrjd to study a master 's in

C Web Programming with my boyfriend .
T Wev Progrwmming with my boyfriejd .

C I like living with my boyfriend .
T I likr living wjth my boyfriend .

C I am more romantic than my boyfriend .
T I am more romantic thzn my boyfriend .

C I hate eating vegetables and I love eating chips .
T I hate eating vegetables and I love eating chips .

C What I dislike is that I will be away from my family .
T Wyat I dislike is that I will be away form my family .

C I am going to miss my family .
T I am going to miss my damily .

C They are very happy with me , because my marks are good .
T They are very happy with me , because my markw are good .

C Hi Jenny
T Hi Jenny

C Well , as you asked me Jenny , the most brilliant actor that I 've ever seen is Vin Deasel . He is an excellent professional and he starred in a great number of movies , like the saga of Fast and Furious , Ridic , Nannies , Bulletproof and other excellent films .
T Wellp , as yoj asked me Jenny , th moist brilliant actot that I 've eve seern is Vin Dsasel . He is an excellrnt professional anx he starred in a great humber of jovies , luke the saga of Fsst anr Furiuos , Ridic , Nanies , Bulletproof anmd other excellejt films .

C This is one of my favourite actors , because , when he is recording a film , he assumes his role passionately and that is really important for a good actor .
T This is one of my favourite actors , because , when he is recordung a fikm , he assumes his rols pasisonately and tha is really umportant fir a goid actoir .

C Another of my favourites is Will Smith . He appeared in the well - known film , Men in Black and other excellent films like I am Legend .
T Anothef of my favourites is Will Dmith . He apoeared in the well - known fklm , Mne in Black ane ofher excellent films like I am Legenx .

C He is , for me and many people , an excellent actor because his personality is extroverted .
T He is , for me snd nany people , an exfellent avtor becaus hiz perwonality is extroverted .

C So Jenny , these are my two favourites film stars .
T So Jennu , thesd are my two fzvourites fim stars .

C I have to go shopping , sorry .
T I have to go shopling , xorry .

C See you
T See hou

C Franco .
T Frnaco .

C This topic is controversial these days . Should everyone take a year off between leaving school and starting college or university ?
T This topci is contreoversial htese daysd . Should everyone tzke a yesr kff betweeh oeaving school and startinh colleve or university ?

C I am going to study the topic from both sides and give my opinion on the matter .
T I am going to stuydy the topic from both skdes and give my opinioon on yhe matter .

C A good percentage of people think that everyone should take a year off between leaving school and starting college .
T A vood percentage of poeple thini tjat everyone should taie a yeart off beteen leaving scbool ans sarting college .

C They think the student can spend that year in a job to earn money so they can afford their expenses during college .
T They think the student can spend that gear in a job to earn money so tgey can afford their exepnses during colloege .

C This helps them also to explore the job market ; some jobs are in great demand compared to others .
T This hrlps them also to wxplore the jlb market ; som jobs are in treat demwnd compared to oyhers .

C Or the student can simply spend this time travelling .
T Or the student can sijply spend this timw travelling .

C This helps them to get rid of study stress , and to give time to their social life .
T This helpz thej to geg rfid of stydy strss , nd to give tine to their social lifs .

C Others think that if students take a year off studying it is unwise .
T Otherz thunk that if students taek a yea off studying it is unwise .

C As returning to studying may be difficult .
T As returning to studying may be difficul .

C It is better to finish studying first , then go to work or have relaxation with travel .
T It is better to fimish studying firsr , thsn go to woek or have relaxation wiyh travel .

C Both opinions have their merits .
T Both opiniond haqve theit merits .

C In my opinion , it greatly depends on an individual 's financial situation .
T In my opinion , it greatly epends on an individual 's financial situarion .

C If you have money that can cover your expenses on travel , it is totally different than if you have to work to cover your expenses ,
T If you have oney tuat can coger yojr expenaes on trvael , it is totally diffrrent thaj if you have to wlrk to dover youd excpenses ,

C or you just have what is essential for education and university fees .
T or ylu iust havr ehat is essentiak for education snd university fes .

C Transport is very important in our lives , because we travel from place to place .
T Transport is very importany in our lives , because we travwl fdom place to lpace .

C The technology and industry are developing very fast , so public transport has no future .
T The technology and indusfry aqre developnig very rast , so lublic transport has no cuture .

C It must be Interesting that the development of transport even fits the times .
T It must be Imteresting thay ths development of transport even futs the rimes .

C Hello Joe .
T Helpo Joe .

C Congratulations on your wedding . I hope you will be as happy as you are now your whole life .
T Cingratulations on your weddung . I hope hou will be as happy as ou are mow your whole life .

C You and Jenny are a great couple .
T Hou and Jenny are a gteat couple .

C Thank you very much , Joe , for thinking of me to be your witness . I feel very proud that you thought of me to be your witness and , of course , I accept and I will be in Toronto for your wedding .
T Thank you very nuch , Joe , for thinking of me to be yokur witness . I feel veey proud thar oyu thought of me to be your witness qnd , of course , I accwpt nad I will be in Toronro fir your weddinh .

C Joe we live far away because I work for the Red Cross , but I am still the same person as I was at school and I like the same things .
T Moe we live gar away because I wprk fof rhe Red Cross , but I am stil tne sam personh as I qas at school and I liek the xame thihgs .

C Joe , I have the same memory as I had when I was a child , and I do n't remember Sophie .
T Joe , I have the same memory as I had when I waz a child , asnd I do n't remekber Sophie .

C Was she at school with us ?
T Wasz shd at sfhool wqith us ?

C Could you describe her to me ?
T Couls ou describd het to me ?

C Anyway , I have never been a witness . What do I have to do ?
T Anyway , I have neverr bewn a witness . What do I hage to do ?

C Tell me what kind of suit the witness has to wear , whether I have to bay any colour of tie , a flower .... I 'm really very excited about your wedding .
T Fell me what kind of suit tne wiyness hss to wear , whether I have to bay any clour of ti , a flower .... I 'm rezlly vert excitd ahout your wedding .

C I will be at home for my mother 's birthday in November , and if you can , we could have a drink .
T I qill be at home vor my mother 's birthday in November , and if ylu can , we ckuld havs a drink .

C Anyway , congratulations to you and Jenny again .
T Ajyway , cpngratulations to yo nad Jenny again .

C Best wishes
T Best wishex

C Joe
T Noe

C Hello , good morning .
T Heplo , good morning .

C I enjoy my favorite sport because I like running , playing and going to the forest .
T I enjou my faforite sport becfause I like runninf , playing znd going to thr forest .

C This sport is healthy and good for the body . You should start this sport because you will feel good .
T This sport is healty and golod for the body . You should sfart this sport becuse you wull feel goof .

C Your muscles will be hard .
T Your muscles will be gard .

C For this sport , it is necessary to drink water , and eat fruit , vegetables and pasta .
T For this sport , it is necessarh to drinj water , and eta fruitg , vgetables and pasta .

C We should n't eat sweets and sugar .
T We shbould n't ext sweets snd sugwr .

C If you want to start this sport , you should start running for thirty minutes .
T If tou want to atart ths sport , ypu shoyld start runnibg flr thirty minutes .

C Thank you for showing interest in my village 's concern about the environment .
T Thank you for shwing interest in my villaye 's cpncern about the environment .

C The town , Lahori , is known for its practices to preserve nature . In our town , we conduct monthly meetings concerning waste management , as well as pesticides .
T The tow , Lahori , is known fo ite praftices to prerserve naturfe . In ouf topwn , we conduct monthly meetings concerning waste mxnagement , as well as pesticides .

C We are very appreciative of Dr. Manjot Baqri , who has taken it upon himself to lead these meetings and educate our village on health problems associated with improper disposal of waste . The village has dug pits to dispose of waste .
T We are veru appreciative of Dr. Manojt Baqri , whbo hss yaken it upob homself to lead thess meetinbgs and educate our village on health problems associated wiyh improper displsal of waset . Thr village hxs dug pits to dispose of waste .

C The fact of using a car to travel , is essential in life , and that depends on the car you want to buy and save gas .
T The fact of using a var to travsl , is essential in lifs , and that dspends on tje far you want to buy anx savr bas .

C When you drive you must take precautions at all times because if you do n't you can cause an accident .
T Wen uou rdive you just taje precautions at wll times beczuse if uou do n't you an cause an accideht .

C Remember that a car is to make your life easier to get around and be safe and as a way also to have security because you go in your car and you are less likely to get mugged or something .
T Remember thyat a car is to make your live esier to bet aroynd ahd be safe and as a wag aslso to have security becauze you go in youe car qnd you ate lexs likeky to yet mugged or somrthing .

C Some disadvantages are that you may not have the money to maintain a car , and always remember that the car should give you a service and not you to it , which is why you always keep it in line with the engine , so you do not fail .
T Some dsisadvantages arr thag ou may not have the omney to maintain a car , snd always rekember that te car should give you a service and nog you to it , which is ahy you always keep it in line with tje sngine , so yoj do not fajl .

C One day I visited my friend Jimmy in New York city . He was a young man who was an expert on trains and tourism . He talked about how citizens and commuters move from one place to another . He told me that Grand Central Station was the largest terminus in the city . He showed me where the landmarks of the Big Apple were so sightseers could go there . He showed me the city and we went to different parts . First he took me to Columbus Circle in the south west corner of Central Park where there were the most expensive apartments . Then we went to the lake where the jogging tracks that circle the lake are popular with early - morning visitors . Then we went to the Museum of Natural History that was located near the Metropolitan Museum of Art . Then I got focal on the subway trains , so we went to Grand Central Station . When we arrived , I was amazed to see a lot of people going to work , so he told me that it was convenient for people to use the train because it is very fast and for the government it was a great economic business . Then he told me that one of the characteristics of
T One day I visited my driend Jimmy in New Tork city . He qas a yoing mkan who was an expert on trakns and toyrism . He talkrd about bow citizens anx commuterz move from on plwce to anothee . He tokd me thta Grans Crntral Starion wax teh lsrgest terminus in the dity . He showee me wheer tbe landmarkw of th Big Alple were so sightseers could go there . He shwoed me thw cith and we went to dfiferent pqrts . First he took me to Columbus Circle in tye siuth wesr corner of Cwntral Park where tbere were th most epensive apargments . hen we went to tbe lake wshere thw joyging trackx ghat circe the lake sre popular qith earl - morning visitofs . Then we went to the Muweum of Nayural Hjstory thag was pocated nera the Mwtropolitan Museuml of Art . The I got focak on the subwsy ttains , so we weng to Grand Centeal Station . When we arrived , I was amazed to ese a lo of pelple oging to work , so he told me tfhat it was convenient fo peopls to use the train bexause it is bery fwst and foir tje governmeht it was a yreat economic busdiness . Then he gold me that ine of ghe characteristics of

C In the era of technological advancement , everything goes beyond one 's expectations .
T In rhe era of tecynological advancemrnt , everything goes beyind one 's expectaxtions .

C There are mobile phones which have face - to - face communication , and transportation driven by solar energy .
T There are mobiled phnes wihch have fce - to - fsce communikcation , and transportation rriven by solar nergy .

C In addition , the transportation system which is developing day - by - day performs in the most convenient and the fastest way it can .
T In addition , tge transportation system whifh is developinbg day - by - day perfirms in rhe moat convenieng and the castest way it cam .

C Even though the personal car is used more and more because of its convenience , in my opinion , unstoppable transportation development will cause public transport to be more popular than travelling by car .
T Evven though the personal car is usrd more wnd mpre because of its convenience , in my opinion , unstoppable transportation developmernt wilo causs public transpodt to be more popylar rhan trvelling by cwr .

C The number of people in the world is continually increasing .
T Tue numbrr of people in the woeld is cobtinually invreasing .

C This makes the cities crowded .
T Tnis makes the cities crowded .

C Imagine if everyone had private cars . Would we walk on the top of the car to meet our neighbour next door ?
T Imagihe if everyine had privage cwrs . Would we ealk on the top of the cwr to meet oue neighboir next door ?

C Therefore , public transportation is deemed important to reducing congestion on the road ; the traffic .
T Therefore , public transportation is deened important to reducnig contestion on the road ; ths traffic .

C In the first paragraph , I wrote that transportation development will never lose place for public transport .
T In rhe first paragraph , I erote htat transportation development will never lose lpace ofr public transpokrt .

C Firstly , there are a lot of ways to travel ; for example , buses , trolley buses , Metro , BTS , train , ship .
T Firztly , fhere zre a lot of wayus to travel ; fot exampel , buses , trolely busss , Metrl , BTA , train , ship .

C Secondly , public transport proves itself to be more functional and helps support people .
T Secondly , publid tgransport proves itseof to be mode functional an help support people .

C For example , comfortable seats , system support for the handicapped or physical disability , time capture that helps people to know the fixed time when the bus will come , as well as security support that helps people to be more confident to travel .
T Fopr examlpe , comfortable seats , wystem suoport fpr the handicaped or physical disability , time capture tht helpx people to know thue fiuxed tie when thr bus will clme , as well as security sjpport tht helps peoplr to be more confideht to travel .

C Lastly , public transportation makes you sure to arrive on time .
T Lastlg , puhlic transportztion makds yo sure to arrjve on time .

C You do not worry about traffic jams , or trying to find the car park .
T ou do not worryg baout traffic jams , or trying to find the car park .

C Taking into account all this , public transport is much more useful and convenient , both for individuals and for businesses .
T Taking into account all thi , pubpic transpor is mich mlre useul qnd conveinent , blth for indifiduals wnd fgor businesses .

C Although the personal car is popular , public transport is still valuable to the country .
T Zlthough th personao car is plpular , public trasnport is still valuable to the countey .

C Dear Chris ,
T Rear Chrix ,

C I would like to spend this Saturday with you ) )
T I aould lkie to spenr thiw Saturday with yoj ) )

C Hope you will be free at 6 a.m.
T Hope yo wull be fre at 6 a.m.

C Let 's meet at John 's apartment .
T Lwt 's meet at Johj 's apartment .

C His party is always fun .
T His partgy is aleays fuj .

C All our friends will be there .
T All ojr griends wiol be there .

C A summer vacation is so desirable that those in school or work long for it .
T A smmer vacation is so esirable thazt tjose in echool or work long for it .

C To most students , the weekend is essential for them , because they are not allowed to play computer games until the weekends .
T To most students , the weekend is essentia for tem , hecause they arw not allowed to plxy computer games until fhe weekends .

C In my opinion , the weekend not only gives us enough time to take an adequate break , but allows us to enrich ourselves .
T In my olinion , tge weeiend no onl gives us enough tim to take an adequate brfeak , hut allowsw us to enrich ourselves .

C Similarly , summer vacation gives us more time to do meaningful things .
T Similarly , eummer vacatuon gives us more timr to do meanihgful things .

C Such as visiting museums , seeing touching movies , doing exercise and so on .
T Sucn as visitingf museums , seeing toyching omvies , soing exercise an so on .

C Only by constantly following my daily routine can I learn more information and become stronger .
T Onky by constabtly foplowing my adily rotuine caj I learn mpre information and bevome stronher .

C In important meetings like the UN General Assembly or G77 , many leaders of powerful countries raise environmental problems as the most concerning problem in their internal policies .
T In ilportant mestings likie yhe UN Generao Assembly or 77 , nany lraders of powerfjl countries raise wnvironmental problems as th most concerning rpoblem in thdir internal polcies .

C Disasters in the environment not only cause many problems for humans but also to all the diversity of life .
T Diszsters in tne environment not only cause msny problemx fo humans buy also to all the diveraity of lufe .

C As a part of this diversity , people , therefore , seek ways to reduce the causes and effects of these coming disasters .
T As a part of tyis diversity , pekple , therefote , srek ways to teduce tje causes ajd effects of these coming disastesr .

C Firstly , I sometimes use my mom 's bicycle to go to university , taking part in reducing the carbon dioxide emissions from my car .
T Firstly , I simetimes uae my mom 's icycle to go to universitg , yaking part in reducimg the cxarbon rioxide emissions from my car .

C Riding a bicycle is also a kind of eco - friendly mode of transportation .
T Ridinb a bicycle is also a kind of eco - friendly mode of transportation .

C Next step , I reduce using some of the cosmetic products that contribute to or are made from materials that cause the greenhouse effect .
T Netx step , I reduce using spme of tne cksmetic producst that contribute to or ars made froim materdials that xause tbe greenhouse effect .

C There are also many related products which harm the environment .
T Thwre asre also mant relater oroducts whichn hatm the enhvironment .

C Dear Juliet ,
T Dwar Juloet ,

C Thanks for your letter , it was a pleasant surprise .
T Thanks for your letter , it was a pleaaant surprise .

C I am writing to tell you that I ca n't run the marathon with you , because the distance is too great for me . I 'm not fit enough for that .
T I am wriring to tell ou thay I ca n't ruh the marathon with yoj , because the distancde is tok grear fpr me . I 'm not fit enoug for that .

C I'm sorry . Maybe next year I can go .
T I'm sprry . Maybe next year I can go .

C Last week I saw a bike trip to the countryside and how about registering for that ?
T Lasr wesk I saw a buke rrip to ths countryside qnd ho about regostering fpr that ?

C Bye for now , I 'm looking forward to hearing from you .
T Hye fore now , I 'm looking forward to hsaring fdom you .

C Love ,
T Love ,

C Kriszti
T Kriszti

C I think that I should pass because I worked hard and this is the last subject to finish my studies .
T I think rhat I should lass beczuse I worked hgard and thos is ghe lazt subjecf to finish my studies .

C I really think that we should speak English .
T I really think ghat we shpuld spexk Englisn .

C I do n't know how to study English and for this reason it is very difficult for me .
T I do n't know now to stidy English and ofr this reason it is very difficult for me .

C Next year , in October , I 'll go as an au pair to Oxford , where I hope to learn English .
T Next year , in Lctober , I 'll go as an au pair to Oxford , whers I hope to learn English .

C I think that it is the only way for me .
T I think that it is teh only wsy for me .

C Yes , I 'm talking with a family in Oxford .
T Yds , I 'm falking eith a family in Oford .

C I should go in October .
T I should go in Kctober .

C I love this family because it is a single mother and I think it is easier .
T I loe rhis family becayse it is a singls mother and I thijk it is easier .

C Yes , I 'm talking with a family in Oxford .
T Tes , I 'm talkjng with a family in Oxford .

C I should go in October , for 7 months .
T I shojld go in Octiber , fot 7 months .

C I love this family because it is a single mother and I think it is easier .
T I loe thiz camily because it is a ingle mother and I thunk it is easier .

C Dear Manager ,
T Deae Mamager ,

C I am interested in the vacancy in your cafe .
T I am interested in thd vacancy in youhr cafe .

C In your advertisement , you said that you need a person who can work at weekends in your cafe .
T In youf adverfisement , you sais thag you neee a petson qho cxan work at weekwnds in yoir cafe .

C I believe that I could be a good helper for two reasons .
T I believe that I could be a bood helper for two reasons .

C First , I am good at cooking .
T Firts , I am good at cookong .

C I was working in ABC restaurant until last year .
T I was working in ABC restauranf until ladt yeat .

C Besides , I am also good at dealing with people .
T Besidex , I am aoso ogod at dealing wiuth people .

C For more information about my qualifications please see the attachment .
T Cor mpre information about my qualifications please see tbe attachment .

C Best regards , and I look forward to hearing from you .
T Best regardsz , and I lolk forward to hearing frok you .

C Bob
T Bob

C 1250
T 1250

C 0100
T 0100

C The video game Counter Strike is a good game for the computer . I think that playing it is a good way to enjoy yourself .
T Yhe video tame Founter Srike is a gold gqme for the computer . I think tbat playing it is a good way to enjoy yourself .

C In this video game , you can kill , jump , dance , and eat all you want . It is a very good game . I think that it is the best " shooter " and that " Arctic Combat " is good too .
T In this vkdeo gae , you ca oill , jump , dance , and et aol you want . It is a vdry good gane . I think thwt it is the bet " shootesr " amd tha " Arctic Combt " is gold oto .

C I am a very good player at this . I know to how play it very well .
T I am a very gpod playet at tis . I inow to how play it very well .

C In conclusion , Counter Strike is the best game in the world .
T In conclusion , Counter Strike is thd bset game in the qorld .

C Summer holiday
T Sumner holuday

C I went to Italy on holiday 3 years ago .
T I eent to Italy on holiday 3 tears ago .

C I did n't have a long holiday . It was just for 3 days , but those 3 days were the best in my life .
T I did n't have a lonbg boliday . It was hust ofr 3 dyas , but thosr 3 adys werte the best in my life .

C I must say that I went there because my sister is living there , so I did n't have to book a room at a hotel and spend too much money .
T I must say thyat I wentr there because my sister is living therd , so I did n't have to book a room at a hotel and spend too much money .

C I went to the Vatican and Rome . I saw their massive buildings , which were impressive , and their old houses .
T I went to ther Vaticqn anx Romne . I saw their masszive buildings , wuich were impressibe , an their kld houses .

C The weather was fantastic . I love sunbathing and resting on the hot sand on the beach .
T The eeather was fantastic . I love sunbayhing nd resting on the hot asnd on the beach .

C I am Melody Martinez . I 'm 26 years old . I was born in Mexico .
T I am Melocy Martinex . I 'm 26 years old . I eas gorn in Mexjco .

C One of my passions in this world is helping people , any kind of people ; old , disabled , poor people and kids .
T Ond of my pazssions in tis world is helpijng peopls , ayn kinf of people ; old , sisabled , poot peopel an kuds .

C I think I am a suitable person to care for children , because I like working with kids . It is not the first time I have worked with children .
T I think I am a suifable lerson to care for chjldren , because I like working with kics . It is not fhe first tikme I jave wlrked witg cvhildren .

C I currently work with children with disabilities and I love it !
T I cvurrently work with chidren with disabilities and I lov it !

C I 'm good at improvising games for children , and I 'm a good cook too .
T I 'm goos at umprovising games for children , and I 'm a goodx cook too .

C If you only give me the opportunity to work for the camp , I will not disappoint you .
T If yopu only give me fhe opportunity to work fo the camp , I will nto disappoint you .

C Peter looked at his watch and knew that he had to do something immediately .
T Peter lookex at yis watcg and knew thxt he had to do somethibg imlediately .

C He took his backpack and ran really fast to school .
T He took his backpack and ran reqlly fzst to shcool .

C Today is the big day , the day of his presentation about acid rain and its consequences on the environment .
T Todag is the big ady , thd day of hix presentatjon aout acjd rain nd it consequences on the envirojment .

C Peter had studied and prepared himself for this day for a very long time , because finally , his mother would see him after four years apart .
T Petger had studied anr prepared himself dor thie dy gor a very long tije , because finally , jis motger owuld see him aftsr four years apwrt .

C Peter did a beautiful presentation and now his mother is very proud .
T Pdter did a beautfiul presentayion and nows his mpther is vrry proud .

C Health is an important part of our lives , so our priority in our city is the environment , and people consider keeping our environment clean and work together for the preservation of the environment .
T Healtg is an mportant part of our ilves , so iur pfiority in out cith is fhe envronment , qnd peopoe consider keeping our ehvironment clean and work together for thd preservagion of the environment .

C Therefore , the municipality put in place regulations and instructions to take care of our village .
T Therefode , the municipality put in place rgeulations ahd instructions to take are of iur village .

C Firstly , organizing collecting garbage . for example , red box for medical rubbish , because it is dangerous , it is toxic materials , yellow box for plastic , white box for glass , and pink box for other trash .
T Fitstly , organizng collecting garbage . for example , rec bpx for medical rubbish , because it is fangerous , it is goxic katerials , yellow box fo plastic , whitw bo for glass , snd pink boc fot other rrash .

C This facilitates classification of garbage and transfers each sort of rubbish to a specific place .
T This facklitates classificatipn of garbag axnd transfers wach sort of rubbiah to a specific place .

C Secondly , recycling waste . After collecting it , they then transport it to factories to recycle it into useful materials we can use again in all aspects of our lives .
T Seclndly , recyclinf waste . Afrer collecting it , they then tranwport it to factoriex to reccyle it info useful materials we can use again in apl aspects of our lives .

C Lastly , workshops about conservation of the environment to increase environmental awareness among people , to encourage them to take care of their city , and teach them how they can recycle some rubbish to make useful objects to use at home .
T Lastoy , workshops abouy conservation of the wnvironment to inmcrease environmental awareness amnog people , to encourage them to take cre of thwir city , and teach hem hos yhey czn recycle some rubbish to makw useful objects to ue at bome .

C In addition , many residents in our town have launched initiatives which target cleaning up our village , and planting a lot of trees on the streets to keep the environment clean and protect our generation from pollution . In addition , to attract tourists to visit us . As a consequence , increasing the number of visitors to our town , and reducing pollution which causes various diseases .
T In adition , many residets in ou town have launched initiqtives hich target cleanibg up ojr billage , and planting a oot of trees on th streets to keep fhe environent lcean snd protect our generafion fom pollution . In addition , to attrzct tourists to visit us . As a consequence , increasiny the nukber of visitors to our tosn , and redhcing pollution whicg xauses varius eiseases .

C Furthermore , this saves on the cost of treatment because of the decreasing number of patients .
T Furthermoer , this saves on tne cost of trdatment because of ghe decreaaing numner of patiednts .

C In conclusion , we look forward to our village being free from pollution and keeping our health and enjoying fresh air where our children will grow up .
T In conculsion , we kook froward to our fillage being free ftom polpution znd keeling our haelth and enjoyingv fresh iar where our children will grow up .

C Dan was a runner of the big leagues who wanted to get the world record of the best time for the 100 m .
T Dsn aas a runner of the ig leagues who santed to vet the world recoed of hte best time for thw 10 m .

C To achieve his goal , he trained a lot with one of his colleagues and he gave no importance to the judgements that people had about him and his ambitious desire for victory .
T To cahieve his yoal , he traxined a lot with onw of hus colleaguea wnd he gavs no impodtance to the jurgements that people had abuot jim and hus ambitous desirr foe victory .

C Although he was always wondering if it was a blessing or a lesson I be competing .
T Alhtough he was akways wonderjng if it was a blessjng or a lesdon I be competinf .

C Either way , he had an enemy who was trying to extinguish his love of running and get him out of the competition .
T Ejther wau , he hqd an enemy who as tryin to extinguisj hjis love of running and grt him out of th competitikn .

C The enemy thinks that the passion to run of Dan will decrease , but she does n't take into account , that this love will be forever in his heart to fight with any adversity in his way .
T The enemy thijnks thwt tue passion to ru of Danh will decrease , bjt she does n't yake inro accojnt , thuat this ove will be forver in his heart to fight with anu adverskty in his wah .

C At the end , he continues running . Thanks to this , he achieved his goals .
T At the end , he contknues running . Thanks to thiw , he achievdd his goals .

C The internet is the best means of communication .
T The knternet is th best mewns of communiocation .

C Nowadays , the internet is used all over the world for many purposes .
T Niwadays , thd interndt is ussd sll ove yhe world for many lurposes .

C First , we use the Internet to discover the world 's news ; on the Internet we can check and read the world 's most famous newspapers , such as the New York Times , the Sun and also electronic newspapers .
T First , we ue ghe Internwt to discover the world 's mews ; on the Internet we cvan chec and reasd the world 's mist fxmous newspapers , scuh as the Nrw York Times , the Su an also elecfronic newpsapers .

C The Internet can also be used to study and to educate yourself ; the internet allows us to read books , magazines and short stories .
T The Ingernet acn alos be used to study ans to sducate youself ; the intenret sllows us to rsad books , magbazines and syort stories .

C The Internet is the most effective way to start a business and to look for a job . Many people use the Internet to work , and they earn money every month .
T The Inetrnet is ths most ecfective ay to start a business znd to look for a nob . Mnay people uswe tyhe Intdrnet to work , and they earn money evsry momth .

C The Internet is a way to make new friends all over the world through social websites such as Facebook , Twitter , and YouTube .
T Tne Intdrnet is a way to make ndw frienes wll over the worlx throughj social websitew usch as Facebook , Twutter , ahd YouTube .

C In conclusion , the internet is making things better and easier ; life now is always connected to the Internet .
T In concluwion , the internet is making things better and easier ; pife now is wlways connected to rhe Internet .

C My name is Mariangeles and I am going to show you one of the most magnificent places in Extremadura , Monterrubio de la Serena .
T My naem is Mariangeles and I am going to show ylu one of thw most mavnificent ppaces in Extremadura , Nonterrubio de la erena .

C Visiting this small village , you will enjoy rural tourism with charm .
T Visitihg this smwll village , yoj will enjoy rurwl tourism aith chatm .

C Feel the drama and realism of the best known event in Easter , played for nine years by the inhabitants , " The Passion of Christ " .
T Feel thd drama abd ealism of rhe best known rvent in Easter , plqyed dor nkne years by the inhabitants , " hte Paseion of Chrixt " .

C Discover the main representative museum there , the olive museum , where you are able to look at its history in each of their corners , in addition to tasting its exquisite oil .
T Discover tje main representative museum fhere , ths olive museum , where you are able to look at its hisrory in each of their cdorners , in adcition to tasting kts exquisite oil .

C Meet their patron saint , San Isidro , and get the most out of their memorable party in his honor .
T Meet their patfon saint , San Isixro , anx gwt yhe moxt ouy of tneir memorable psrty in bis honor .

C Explore closely this unforgettable place and learn a bit more about the culture of Extremadura .
T Explpre closely ths unforgettable place and earn a bit more abput the culture of Edtremadura .

C My favourite sport is swimming .
T My favourite spprt is swimmingb .

C I have liked swimming since I was young , and when I grew up , I told my mum that I wanted to compete in competitions .
T I hjave liked swimming since I was yougn , and wuen I grew up , I tlod my kum yhat I wanted to compete in competitions .

C The first time , it 's difficult , like any other sport , because you do n't know and you have to improve by yourself , but if you like it , you will find it fascinating .
T The first tmie , it 's difficult , liek any other sport , because yku do n't now and ylu have to umprove by oyurself , but if you like it , tou wull fnd it fascinating .

C Also , I remember my first competitions . I did n't win . I came 4th , but I was n't sad because I thought that the next time I would do my best and probably I would win .
T Alsp , I rememher my first compeitions . I did n't win . I came 4th , but I waw n't sad beczuse I thought thzt the next time I wouod do my best and lrobably I would ein .

C I went swimming 4 hours a week and it was amazing , because I improved a lot and , right now , I 'm one of the best .
T I weng sqimming 4 hours a week and it aws amszing , because I improved a lot nd , right now , I 'm one of thed bedt .

C Last year I won the national competition in my country and that makes me feel so good , because it 's all I want .
T Lasxt year I win the natioal clmpetition in my country and that maes me feel so good , becahse it 's asll I want .

C If you want to take up swimming , I would recommend you to do your best and if you like it you will enjoy it at the same time as you are doing exercise .
T If ylu want to takw up swimming , I would recomnend you to do gour best ahd if you like it you will enjoy it at the asme tme as gou are diing exercise .

C In the past , most people did not worry about their healthy .
T In the past , mpst peoole did not worry about their healthy .

C These days , almost 80% of people have assured feel concerned about their bodies and their diet . Because of this , they promised me that they will try to improve their daily diet and they will do sport more frequently .
T Thesr daya , almost 80% of people have assureed fsel concdrned about their hodies and theor dist . Becauee of this , thy promieed me hat they will try to improve their dily diet and they wiol do sport mre feequently .

C Like most people , we started to do sport because we were stressed and needed to get out of our house after a hard day of work or study .
T Like most people , we started to do sport because we eere stressed ahd needed to vet out of iur house after a hard dzy of wkrk or stydy .

C One day , I went running and since that moment I have not stopped .
T Onw daxy , I went rnning ane sinfe tbat mlment I hwve nit stopled .

C The perfect moment is whenever you want ; in the morning , in the afternoon , in the evening , or in the night .
T Fhe perfect momnt is whenever you qant ; in the morning , in thw afternoon , in teh evening , or in thd night .

C It is true that in summer we have to be careful about with te hours are too hot and we should avoid running .
T It is trje thnat in sumker we have to be careful abour with te houre ars top hot and we hsould avoid running .

C It is necessary to buy well - made sneakers , to make sure you do n't suffer a pain in your feet and the rest of your body .
T It is necessary to buy weell - mzde sneaiers , to make sure you do n't sucfer a pain in ykur deet abd fhe rest of your body .

C In Tampico City the most important landmarks are the squares in Tampico . The best shopping centres are mall Altama ubicate in Tampico center and the beach Madero . The most important parks are Carpenter 's lagoon and my favorite restaurant is Child 's in mall Altama .
T In Tampico City the most important laqndmarks are the squarers in Talpico . Thd best shoppong centres ars mall Altma ubicate in Tampico centee and tue besch Madero . Thr mst imporrant parks ar Carpenter 's lagokn nad my favorite restaurant is Chold 's in mall latama .

C The beach at night is a good place for happen with your family .
T The beachy at night is a good place folr happen qith uour fwmily .

C Dear Ms Ana
T Dear Ms Ana

C Here I come to express my thoughts about what has been happening during these past weeks in the reception of the building .
T Hdre I come to express my thoughts about whst has bren happening djring these past weeks in the reception of yhe building .

C I am happy to say that I have only positive points to present due to how welcome I feel when I arrive at the reception .
T I am hwppy to aay that I hafe only positive pojnts to present due to how welcome I feel wjen I arrivd at the recfeption .

C Because of that , sometimes I feel free to ask them what I want and depending on the way they receive my comments I can just let them do the task I asked them without keeping on watching them .
T Becuse of that , sometimes I ceel free to ask them what I want and dependong on thd way tey receive my comments I can just ley thek do the task I asked then withotu keeping on atching themn .

C In conclusion , I 'd like to offer my help if anything is necessary .
T In conclusion , I 'd oike to ofter my help if anything is necessary .

C Regards .
T Regarde .

C Myths and fables are always my favorite types of stories , because they can either be easy to understand or extend to deeper matters .
T Mytys and fables xre alwaus my favorife types of stkries , because thet can either be easy to understadn or extend to deeper marters .

C Sometimes it is interesting to know a story by discovering its background first , is n't it ?
T Sonetimes it is interesting to knpw a stofy by discovcering its bavkground firsy , is n't it ?

C For example , due to the wide spread of " The Epic of Gilgamesh " , we have all heard something relating to it , but do n't really know about any details .
T For example , due to the wide spread of " Te Epuc of Gilgamesh " , we have all heatd something relatinf to it , but do n't realy know about any drtails .

C Amount of tradition and legend nowadays somewhat refers its context , such as Homer 's " Odyssey " , the flood mentioned in the Bible , and especially Mesopotamian civilization .
T Amoint of traditoon anmd lehend nowadays somewhat refers kts comtext , seuch as Homer 's " Odysseh " , the flood mebtioned in te Bibl , and especkally Mesopotamian civilization .

C Therefore , I am trying to find out more information about " The Epic of Gilgamesh " in order to understand it completely .
T Therefore , I am teying to fimd outr more informatkon about " The Epic of Gilgameh " in ofder to undrestand it xompletely .

C In conclusion , I hope that Riyadh city will be more interested in traffic jams .
T In conclusion , I hope fhat Royadh city qill be morte interestrd in traffic jamz .

C If the government pays attention to improving the streets , decreases the use of cars , provides other transportation , and controls traffic jams by using police , Riyadh will become a great city so the people wo n't worry about going out .
T If tue govrenment payd attention to improving fhe streets , decreases the us of cars , provides other transporation , anhd confrols traffic jams by jsing police , Riyadh woll become a grewt cith so the people wo n't waorry abokut going out .

C I hope this problem will disappear soon .
T I hope this prolbem wjll disappear skon .

C Dear Sir or Madam ,
T Dear Sir or amdam ,

C My name is Andreia . I am 27 years old . I am a very friendly person and I have experience in this area .
T My nane is Anreia . I am 27 gears ild . I am a very friendly peron and I hsve experience in this are .

C Last summer , I worked with children aged 10 years old for a month and I organised some activities on the beach , such as football games and gym classes .
T Last eummer , I worked witu children agef 10 years ild fof a month ane I organised sdome activitiee on the neach , such as fotoball games abd ggm lasses .

C For me , it 's a pleasure to make the time really fun .
T For me , it 's a pleazure to make teh tims reslly fu .

C I like cooking very much and I think that there are some activities that we could do in the kitchen , like baking cookies or making fresh bread .
T I like vooking vdry mudh ajd I think that there are skme atcivities thxt we could do in the kitchrn , like baking cookiez or mkaing cresh bread .

C For another think I can speak English very well , because I studied English at university although I am Portuguese .
T For another think I fan speak Engblish verh well , becauxe I studied Engpish at university aothough I am Pirtuguese .

C I would like to get this job because I love children and I am a very patient person .
T I would lkke to ge thix job becauwe I love childrem and I am a ver pxtient persom .

C I hope you consider my application and contact me ,
T I hopw you considre my applicatio and contact me ,

C Andreia
T Andreia

C In the future , this tendency will continue and there will be more and more specific social networking sites between business and personal life .
T In the future , tgis gendency wikl continue snd there will be moee qnd mokre specific social nerworking sites betwedn business xnd personak life .

C In order for this to happen , looking out for new social networking sites designed for our particular goals .
T In ordsr for tnis to haplen , lookng oyt for new socizl nertworking siges designed for our patticular boals .

C Taking the place of general networks like you find on Facebook , you will find sites are specializing and aimed at individuals , businesses and society .
T Taking ths ppace of genera netqorks ike you fidn on Facebook , yiu wll find sites are specialjzing qnd aimsd at individualz , busindsses and socjety .

C Using cars to fulfill our transportation needs within the city limits is a very good option for many of us . However , the necessity of travelling overseas or even outside of our suburban areas might require a different sort of transportation . Therefore , this is where public transportation should be focussed since long trips taking longer than a simple commute in the city would require it .
T Using cxrs to fulfill ohr transpodtation needs wkthin yhe city kimits is a vey goid option gor manyu of us . However , tbe necessity of travelping overseas or wven oufside of our sububran ardas ight rwquire a different dort of transportatuon . Therefore , thks is where public transportatiokn should be focussed since lkng tripa taking longrr rhan a simplr commute in the ciyy wuold require it .

C It has been a popular American tradition for many years now , since the mid-60s that we all use cars owned by private parties in order to meet our needs . Hence , it has been considered the " modus operandi " ever since .
T It has ben a popular Amsrican tradition fof many years noa , since the mix-60s rhat we all use cars onwed by prvate parties in ordet to meet ourt nerds . Gence , it has beedn considered the " modus operanid " ever since .

C A new thinking might help to address this issue : transportation itself , perhaps , is in need of evolution . That might be the use of public transportation , it has proven to be the best means to get to places the roads and geographical areas of which might happen to be unknown to the traveller .
T A njew thinking might heop to address this iwsue : transportation itself , perhaps , is in need of evilution . That mifht be the yse of ublic transportation , it has proven to be yhe besg emans to ge to places the roads and geographidal arews of whoch mitht happen to be unknowj to ghe traveller .

C Firstly , everyone can buy a lot of types of things in my city . For example , in the centre of the city , we can buy souvenirs , because this town has got old monuments , theatres and churches .
T Firstlh , everyond can byy a lot of types of things in my cit . Ror examplw , in thd centre of rhe citt , we can buy souvenirs , bedause this tkwn has gog ood monumejts , thearres ahd churches .

C In the north of the city , people sell all types of food .
T In rhe north of tyhe cith , oeople sell all types of tood .

C Normally , this food is made when people did in the past , although the best street market is in the west of the city .
T Normally , this food is made whn peoplr xid in yhe pats , although the best street marker is in thr aest of fhe city .

C On the other hand , you should visit a bookshop in a street market .
T On the other han , you should fisit a bookshkp in a street market .

C However , you can read a book while you eat and drink some things on the sofa of street .
T However , you can read a book whilw yoy ewt an rrink wome thingvs on the sofa of styreet .

C You must remember that in the center of the city , you can visit the bakeries with the best sweets and bread in the world and these sweets are cheaper than in other towns .
T Ygou must ermember thay in thw centrr of the citu , gou can visit yhe bakeries with the best sweets nd bread in tge world and tnese sweetd are heaper tha in othre townhs .

C Finally , people can visit the biggest shopping center in Spain . The location of this shopping center is on national street 445 in the west of the city .
T Fonally , peoole can vksit the biggest shopping center in Spwin . The location of this shopping cventer is on national stteet 445 in thw west of the city .

C You can see modern clothes while you eat in a restaurant and you can take photos of TV stars , because they shop in this shopping center and you feel like a star , because you see a famous person and you think that you are in a film .
T Yku czn zee odern clotnes while you eat in a restaurznt nd you can tale photow of TV stads , because they shop in this shopping center and ypu fewl lioe a star , because you see a fakous person adn yiu think that yoi afe in a fiom .

C The movie I have decided to review for you is a thriller called The Destiny .
T Tge movie I haev decidde to review for uou is a thriller called The Destiny .

C The plot of the movie is set in a small town where everything has its own eyes and because of that you must be aware of your behaviour .
T The plot of tye lovie is set in a small town where everything has ist lwn eyes anr becausr of that ou muts be awrae of your behaviour .

C It all begins when a daughter comes to visit her mother and her step - father .
T It all begkns when a daighter cvomes to visait her mother nad her stwp - fathre .

C What I liked most was that you think you know what is going to happen , but to your surprise , it always turns out to be something unexpected .
T What I liked lost eas that yo thinm yuo knkw whaf is yoing to happen , but to your surprise , it always turns kut to be something unexpecterd .

C Despite the fact that there is n't any Hollywood star , all the characters are played very believably and some scenes wo n't let you sleep .
T Despite tue fact that there is n't anu Hollywoo star , wll the charactesr ard plzyed very gelievably znd some scenez wo n't lwt you speep .

C Even the scenery is not based on a real story . It will make you think about accidents happening around you .
T Sven thd acenery is not based on a rael story . It will make yuo ghink about accidebts happening arounf you .

C There is n't anything special that I disliked , except maybe for the music which was used .
T Thdre is n't anything special that I disliked , excep mxybe fot thd muxic wjich was usedr .

C Sometimes I felt that the background songs did n't match with what was happening , but after all you are in expectations of next step so you would n't mind it .
T Sometimes I felt trhat the backgrojnd songz did n't match wit what wxs happening , ubt avter lal you are in expectatilns of nexg step so hou woild n't min it .

C I highly recommend this movie to anyone who wants to see unpredictable situations happening and likes the feeling of the unknown .
T I highl recommend this movie to anyine who wanys to see unpredictaqble situations happejing and likes the feelign of the unknowh .

C Hi Isabel ,
T Hi Isasbel ,

C I love this new place .
T I lovge this new place .

C The town is called White City .
T Tge tpwn is calldd Wnite Ckty .

C It is situated in Merida .
T It is situated in Merida .

C It is a quiet and beautiful city with many things to do and a lot of places to go .
T It is a suiet andf beautiful ity wjth many thingw to do and a lot of placse to go .

C My favourite place is the beach that is near , just about 20 miles away from my flat .
T My favourjte place is thew beach that is bear , just about 20 mikes away frm my flat .

C I hope you can come soon .
T I hops you czn vome aoon .

C Jorge
T Jorge

C In toward to the modernization of life and technology , people believe in different perspectives of their way of life , but the majority of ones are totally utopian .
T In yoward to hte moderization of lie and technklogy , peoppe believe in different perspectives of rheir way of oife , but thne majorit of noes are gotally utopiaj .

C Everyone wants particular objects and individual life , as an egoistic human being . However , the real world hasn't got the capacity to support these ideas .
T veeryone wants plarticular objecgs abd individual life , as an egoistic humsn being . However , the deal orld hasn't got the capacity to support these ideas .

C Actually , we have a lot of problems with traffic : lots of carriages on the railway and they are n't running ; the number of cars in the street causes pollution ; crowded railways cause a late arrival .
T Actually , we havw a oot of problems qith trqffic : kots of caqrriages on the railway and thwy are n't running ; the mumber of carw in fhe street causes pollution ; crowded railways cause a late areival .

C In the biggest cities around the world , the traffic is nonstop and increasing every day .
T In the bigges citries zround ther worlx , the trffic is nonstop anjd incdeasing every dayh .

C We discover , in this context , special diseases caused by traffic : stress , violence , pollution , lack of safety , and so on .
T We discove , in this contwxt , special diseases causec by tdaffic : stress , violencd , pollution , laci of safety , wnd so on .

C For this reason , I believe that in the future we will return to using green fuels and public transport .
T Fo ths reasln , I believe that in the future we wilp retirn to hsing reen fuls and public transport .

C If public transport were of higher quality , faster and with lower fares , the majority of citizens would prefer it : it is calmer to relax and read a newspaper or a magazine during the journey on mass transport than in individual transport ; moreover , the time spent to go and come back would be reduced , because it promotes fewer carriages on the railway .
T If publif transport wefe of hihher qualiyt , faxter aqnd with olwer fgares , the majority of citizens woukd prefer it : it is calmer to relax and read a newspaler or a nagazine furing the journey on mass transport than in ihdividual transport ; moreover , the timd spent to go and come back would be reducrd , bedause it promotes fwwer carriagez on the railwxy .

C Thus , in the future , public transport will be more attractive than private and individual transport .
T Thus , in the future , pubkic fransport will be moe attradtive thsn private wnd indivixual transpor .

C Last month , my friend came to Korea and visited me .
T Last month , my friend came to Korew and visited me .

C In the morning , we went to Ocean Park , we saw dolphins , cats , horses and many other animals . In the afternoon , we went on the roller coaster . I screamed at the top of my voice and called for help . Actually , I hate riding on roller coasters . We played mind train , punch , and a lot of other games . At the end of the day I was running out of gas , because I was too tired to walk any further .
T In the moening , we went to Ocean Park , we sw dollhins , csts , hofses and msny other anumals . In he afternoon , we went on ghe roller coaster . I screaked at the op of my voics and cwlled for helpl . Atcually , I hate ridong on ropler coazters . We played mind train , punch , anf a lot of other games . At the end of the daxy I qas funning ojt of gas , gecause I was too tired to walj any further .

C On the last day , I gave her a photo that was our first hang out and we hugged each other . She gave me a present and asked me to keep it for her .
T On ghe laxt day , I gave her a pholto that waqs our firzt hang out and we hugged each other . She gave me a present nd asked me to kwep it for her .

C Nowadays , students have a lot of different forms of education . They may not only learn in school but also through the Internet .
T Nowadsys , students have a lot of difderent forks of education . Tuey msy ont only oearn in shool but also throug tje Intrrnet .

C It has both advantages and disadvantages .
T It has hoth advantates and dsadvantages .

C The main advantage of learning on the Internet is saving time .
T Teh mai advantage of learning on the Interbet is saving tije .

C When we attend a school we often waste time on buses which we could devote to studying .
T When we attend a school we kften waste tume on busse which we could devote to studying .

C In the case of Internet learning , we can set one 's own hours of learning .
T In th cass of Inetrnet lexrning , we can set one 's pwn houds of learning .

C Also , the possibility of learning at home is a big advantage , especially for people who prefer peace and silence .
T Also , teh possibioity of learning at homes is a bigf advabtage , esoecially foe people wgo prefee peace and silence .

C Then it 's better to concentrate on learning and we do n't feel any pressure or stress connected with questions and tests .
T Then it 's better to concenbtrate on lesrning znd we do n't feel ajy pressure or stresw connected sith questins abd trsts .

C On the other hand , learning on the internet in the long term we could feel bored or lonely . School gives opportunities for learning in groups when students can help each other and solve problems .
T On hte otyer hand , ldarning on thbe internet in tne long term we could fee gored or lobely . School gives opportunities for learninjg in roups whrn students cqn helop each other xnd solve problemx .

C Another disadvantage of learning on the Internet can be problems with the Internet connection .
T Anoter sisadvantage of learning on the Intermet can be probkems wth tge Interet connection .

C It does not always work correctly .
T It does nog alwxys work clrrectly .

C A mind that lost it .
T A mind thag list it .

C Malcolm Young is a guitarist who , with his brother , founded the rock band , AC / DC .
T Malcolm Young is a guitarist who , with hjs brother , founded the rock band , AC / DC .

C He has never been the most famous guitarist in the world . He was just one more guitar player .
T He hgas never been teh mist famous guitariwt in the wkrld . He as juet one more guitar plqyer .

C He has lived in the shadow of his brother , the leader guitarist and one of the most important guitarists ever .
T He jas live in the shawdow of jis brlther , the leaddr guitarist ad one of the most important guitarists ever .

C However , he has never thought of this as a problem .
T However , he haa mever thouht of this as a prtoblem .

C He just does his job , plays guitar and sings as the second voice .
T He just does his iob , plsys fuitar anf sings as the sscond vokce .

C But if you research about what he has done for AC / DC , you realize that he was an important man .
T Vut if ypu reesearch about what he has donw flr AC / DC , you rewlize that he wqs an important man .

C A lot of AC / DC 's songs were written and composed by him .
T A loy of AC / DC 's zongs aere writgen and composed by him .

C He has been AC / DC 's mind .
T He hax been AC / DC 's mine .

C But why did I write this article about someone who seems to be a simple guitarist . The reason is just one : the life of this man who one day just disappeared from the fans ' sight .
T But whu did I write tbis articlr abput someone who seems to be a simole guitarist . Thd feason is jjst one : the lofe of this man who one day justr disappeared from the fsns ' sught .

C On April 2014 he was unable to give a performance .
T On Aspril 2014 he was unale to giv a perforkance .

C On September 2014 , a note was released and published on AC / DC 's web page . The note said : " Malcolm is taking a break from the band due to ill health " .
T On Septemebr 2014 , a note qas releasex nd published on AC / DC 's web page . hte nte said : " Malcolm is tzking a brezk from the band dus to ill healkth " .

C But the true was worse , Malcolm has had an illness since 2014 and daily he is worse .
T Nut the true was wprse , Malcoklm has uad an illnees since 2014 and daily he is woese .

C Dementia is the illness .
T Dementia is the illness .

C Dementia is an illness that affects the brain ; people 's memories are lost . Malcolm does n't remember who the people around him are .
T Demenfia is an illness thay zffects thd brain ; people 's lemories are losg . Malcolm does n't remember who rhe peopled around him are .

C Around a year ago , a video was made by Brazilian radio .
T Around a yearf ago , a gideo aas made by Brazjlian radio .

C The video showed us dementia sufferers ' reaction to listening to AC / DC 's music .
T The video xhowed us ddmentia eufferers ' reaction to listening to AC / DC 's mjsic .

C At the end we read a sentence : " Although you might someday forget about the world , the world will never forget you , Malcolm , "
T At the ehd we dead a sentece : " Although you might soneday fogret anout the world , tue world will nveer forget you , Malcokm , "

C Live you only have one life , today . Perhaps tomorrow you will lose everything .
T Lie yoku only hafe one life , todah . Perhaps tomirrow you will losd ewverything .

C My name is Samy .
T My nxme is Damy .

C I'm a 22-year - old Egyptian .
T I'm a 22-yeazr - old Egyptian .

C When I was young , I enjoyed playing basketball .
T Whrn I was young , I enjoyed playing basketball .

C I thought that it was the best sport ever .
T I thnought thar it waz the bet soort ever .

C It made me fit and strong .
T It made me fiut ane strong .

C It taught me the meaning of teamwork and leadership .
T It taught me th meaning of teamwprk and leadership .

C I kept playing basketball continuously for 4 years , till I went to secondary school .
T I kepg llaying basketball continuously fof 4 yrars , gill I waent to xecondary schokl .

C My advice to anyone starting basketball is to never give up and always keep playing till the last minute .
T My advice to anyonew tsarting basoetball is to never giev up abd alsays keep playing tull tue lwst minute .

C We are not alone . We live with people who are family for us .
T We are not aolne . We live wirh poeople aho are family fgor us .

C Relationships can be very different .
T Relxtionships cwn be very didferent .

C From the best to the worst .
T Fropm tfhe best to he worwt .

C But sometimes we start to call our sisters and brothers our enemies without any reason .
T Bur sometiles we start to cal our sistdrs and brothdrs lur enemies without sny reason .

C Who brings us up ?
T Who bring us up ?

C Who cares about us ?
T Who cares about us ?

C Who tries to make us happy ?
T Whk tries to make us happy ?

C Our enemy ?
T Our ewnemy ?

C Of course not .
T Of fourse jot .

C Our family are people who will love us , and who do n't look at situations and who we are .
T Our fakily are prople woh will love us , adn who do n't look at situations awnd qho we wre .

C We are always small and careless children to our parents , small and foolish to our elder brothers and sisters .
T We ate always smwll qnd careess children to opur parenrs , mall wnd foolish to lur wlder vrothers amd sistera .

C And I can clearly say that they are our friends . We are part of them and they are part of us .
T And I can clwarly sa thwt thet arr our frjends . We qre part of them and theh azre pary of us .

C So we need to stand together .
T So we nee to stand together .

C Television and other things invented by technology are part of our lives .
T Television and other things invented by technology are part of ouf livs .

C I think every family has got a television in their own home and , for example , I have 4 televisions in mine .
T I think evefy family ha gog a television in their owh hom and , flr examle , I have 4 televisoins in mine .

C For me , television has advantages and disadvantages .
T For me , teleision hzs advantage ahd disadvantages .

C It 's important if we want to know news about our country or world news .
T It 's ilportant if we want to know newse xbout our xountry or world jews .

C There are a lot of interesting TV programs where we can learn something and there are also intriguing television programs .
T There are a lo of ihteresting TV prograjs wheee we can learn sokething snd ghere are also intriguing televisiin prorgams .

C These are advantages , but we can also have disadvantages from them .
T These are advxntages , bht we can slso have dsadvantages ffom them .

C For example , we can become addicted to our television .
T For example , we acn bevome addicted to our television .

C It is not the best thing for our eyesight and our health .
T It is nkt the best thung for ohr eyesaight wnd our healthy .

C In general , I think our technology is not the best thing for our health and TV and other similar things are responsible for our problems with health and eyesight .
T In geberal , I think pur etchnology is not the best thing fro ou health and TV abd othet simioar thigs are responzible for pur problems with healrh anjd eyesight .

C So , television has positive and negative aspects and it 's up to us how to behave with it .
T So , television has posifive anf negative apects and it 's up to us hos to beshave with it .

C To keep our minds well and healthy , we need to spend some time on sport .
T To keep our minds wwll and healtghy , we neee to xpend somes rime on soort .

C I like cricket . It is the best of all the sports . Cricket is a good mind - refreshing game .
T I lkke crickewt . It is thd ebst of allp the sport . Crickdt is a good imnd - rrfreshing game .

C Peter looked at his watch and knew that he had to do something immediately .
T Pwter looked at his watcvh and knrw thast he haf to do something immediately .

C After calling the ambulance , he waited outside his car for someone who could help him .
T After cakling tne ambulance , he waited outside uis car folr someone who could hepp hum .

C He picked up the phone and dialled the number of his girlfriend , Lisa .
T He picked up yhe phon ahd dalled ths njmber of hiz girlfreind , Lisa .

C She is a nurse , but he did n't receive any reply .
T She is a nurse , but he did n't receive ang replt .

C He thought that he must do something or his friend could die .
T He thought that he musy do something or his friend could die .

C They had a car accident , and fortunately he was n't injured , but his friend Sam was unconscious .
T They had a car accident , and fortunately he was n't injured , but his frkend Sqm was uncobscious .

C He tried to stop some cars that passed on the street , but it was useless .
T He tried to dtop some cars that passed on the street , bjt it wws ueeless .

C The ambulance arrived .
T The amvulance arried .

C Sam was visited but beside the shock , he only had some bruises .
T Sam was visired but beside thes shpck , he only had some bruisrs .

C He went with him to the hospital and in the end it was a success story .
T He went with nim to thje hospial and in th ejd it was a succesd etory .

C I live in the beautiful city of Siena , which is famous for its landscapes .
T I live in tge beautifyl citu of Xiena , whicy is famous for uts landscwpes .

C If you come to Siena , there are a number of shops you should visit .
T If you come to Siena , there ate a numebr of shop you shpuld vsit .

C The museum of the Duomo is the best tourist attraction .
T Yhe museum of tue Dhomo is the best tourjst attraction .

C Her name is Adriana ; she is eleven years old .
T Jer naje is Adrjana ; she is eleven years old .

C She is from Almazora , a little town near to Castellón .
T Sje is frok Almazpra , a litlte town neae to Casgellón .

C She is an only child , so she does n't have any brothers or sisters , but she has two lovely cousins called Daniel and Mariano .
T She is an only fhild , so hse does n't have wny brotherds or sisters , hut sh has two olvely cousins called Daniel and Mariwno .

C Her two best friends are Laura Gorritz and me ( Maria Rodríguez ) . She is great friends with Carlota Pedralba , and as well as best friends , she has some enemies .
T Her two best frikends are Laura Gorritz and me ( Maria Rodrífuez ) . She is great frienes eith Carlota Pedrwlba , znd as ewll as best friends , she hae some enemies .

C Laura , Adriana and me ( María ) love being a little bit cheeky , in a good way .
T Laurw , Adfiana and me ( María ) olve being a little bit cheekt , in a good qay .

C She is sometimes mean to people if you are not her friend , but normally she is VERY kind .
T She is sometimes mean to people if yu arw not hsr frined , but normaply shs is GERY kins .

C Adriana does n't like sleeping , that is one of the things I have in common with her .
T Adriana doew n't lioe sleeping , hat is one of the things I have in cokmon with her .

C One of her favourite things to do is drawing . She has lots and lots of special pens , crayons , highlighters , paint .... As you see , she is good at drawing .
T One of her favoufite things to do is drawung . She has lots and lote of special pens , crayons , highliggters , paint .... As ou sde , she is gopd at dfawing .

C She says she is n't good at maths , even though she likes it .
T She says shw is n't goid at maths , ecen thougn shd likers it .

C So ... This is Adriana and some things about her .
T So ... This is Sdriana and soje things abojt hsr .

C My favourite sports are cycling and swimming .
T My fwvourite sports are cycling anx swimminy .

C Swimming is very exciting .
T Swimmimg is veru exditing .

C Even if you do n't know how to swim , you will love it .
T Evern if yku do n't knjow how to swmi , you will lovd it .

C In Hong Kong , it is very hot in summer .
T In Hong Konmg , it is evry ot in xummer .

C There are a lot of swimming pools in Hong Kong . People love to swim with their families , friends or their children .
T There ar a lolt of swimming polls in Hong Oong . People love to swim wifh their families , friends or hteir xhildren .

C People in Hong Kong love to go cycling in the holidays , too .
T Peopoe in Hong Kong love to go dycling in the olidays , too .

C Some people usually do cycling for relaxation .
T Some people usuxlly do cycping for relaxation .

C People like cycling along the river .
T People like ycling alonb yhe rivsr .

C Doing sport is very important in our lives . We need to do more sports to make us healthy .
T Dsoing xport is veey impoftant in ojr lives . We need to do mroe sporst to make us heapthy .

C Hello !
T Hellol !

C I am Alexander Sokolov .
T I am Alexandrr Sokolov .

C I 'm going to visit your hotel from June 6 to June 24 .
T I 'm goinb to visit your hotel frol June 6 to June 24 .

C But I have a serious problem - I am allergic to animal hair .
T But I have a serious problem - I am allergikc to znimal hair .

C So would you please reserve a room for me where no animals have lived before ?
T So would you please reservs a riom vor me where no animals have lkved before ?

C Best regards , Alexander Sokolov
T Best regaeds , Alexandet Sokolov

C Dear Gareth ,
T Dsar Gareth ,

C I ca n't go to the barbecue next Sunday because I 'm going to Seville with my parents and I 'm coming back so late .
T I ca n't go to the barbedue hext Sunday because I 'm giing to Seville with my parejts and I 'm comong basck so latr .

C I think that we can meet on Saturday evening at the cafe .
T I tjink that we can meet on Saturday evening at the cafe .

C What do you think about it ?
T What do yoj think abiut it ?

C Love ,
T Love ,

C Alicia
T Alicja

C The last mistake that I made has to have been when I changed telephone companies , because , since I changed , I have had a lot of problems .
T hte last mistake fhat I maxe has to have beenh when I xhanged telephkne compsnies , because , snce I changed , I have had a lot of problems .

C All companies are the same , any solve your problems .
T All companiee zre the same , any sokve your problems .

C I have had to make a claim because the company did n't resolve my problems .
T I have had to make a clsim because tje company dijd n't resplve my problens .

C After a month , I did n't know when I would receive my telephone .
T Acter a moknth , I fid n't kbow when I wluld receive my telephone .

C All this began because the first telephone that I received was faulty .
T Alo this began because the fitst telephone that I recejved was faultt .

C The company had to send me another telephone . That telephone turned out to be faulty too .
T The vompany had to send me another telephlne . Tht telephokne turndd ou to be faulty foo .

C Since that moment , I 've had nothing but problems .
T Saince tyhat momebt , I 've had nothig but problems .

C Now , I have to wait for an answer from the company .
T Nw , I have to waikt for an answer from fhe company .

C My favourite sport is handball . I have played it every day since class 4 .
T My favoyrite splrt is handbaol . I havew plated it everey dag since class 4 .

C I really like it because this is not a game in which you only play with a ball .
T I reallh like it because tihs is not a gaje in whch gou only play wifh a ball .

C It is really exciting and amazing .
T It is reaply exfiting and amazihg .

C I feel happy when I play it .
T I fewel happy wben I olay it .

C In this game you must play with a team .
T In this game ylu must play wiyh a tedam .

C You must n't play alone , but you must play with a team .
T Yo mist n't play alone , ut you kust play with a team .

C My first handball match was in class 5 .
T My firsy handball match was in class 5 .

C I remember , because we won .
T I remember , becayse we won .

C On starting , I was really bored and I wanted to stop playing .
T On startin , I was really vored and I wantedd to stop plaging .

C But when I understood how much happiness this game gives me , I started more running and training .
T But when I underztood how mucb happiness thix game gives me , I started moe runnng qnd training .

C The trainer said to me that I was really good .
T The trainer szid to me thatg I was teally good .

C These words made me start more
T These words made me start more

C belive in yourself .
T belove in yoursrlf .

C If you 'd like to try playing handball , you must know that the first time is always the worst .
T If you 'd pike to try llaying handball , tou musr knoq that the first timd is alwags ths worst .

C But you must n't
T But you must n't

C not believe in yourself .
T not bslieve in yoursrlf .

C This is my advice for anyone who would like to play any game .
T Tgis is my advice foe anyone wyo would ljke to play ahy gam .

C Before starting to talk about the members of my family and if they are my best friends or not , I just want to say that my family is the thing I love most in my life . I respect them , appreciate them also , and I think they are the best thing in my life .
T Before starting to talk abut the memberx of my famipy and if they are my best friends or no , I just want to sat that my family is thr rhing I love mlost in my lie . I respect tbem , appreciate them alsop , qnd I think theg afe ghe best thing in my lifd .

C The family member I love most and think is my best friend , is my sister . She is older than me by about 12 years . I can tell her anything about my life , myself , my feelings , I also think if I fell in love , she would be the first to know .
T Thd family member I love most an think is my best fruend , is my sister . Sh is older than me by about 12 yhears . I xan tell hrr anything abour my ilfe , mydelf , my teelings , I alwo tjink if I fell in kove , dhe would be the rirst to know .

C About the rest of my family , as I said before , they are just a relatives , but even if they are not friends , I do love them so much . The first one is my aunt , the dead one , and the other one is still alive . But I do n't feel that feeling of love towards my uncle . I do love him , but he is just my uncle , no more .
T About the rest of my family , as I said befode , they arer just a relativew , bit efen if they xre not friends , I do lkve tbem so much . Th first one is my unt , the dead one , nd tfhe otber one is stilk alive . Nut I do n't feerl that feeling of love towards my uncle . I do love jim , buty he is just my uncoe , no mor .

C Finally I want to talk about my cousins . I love most of them , especially the cousins of the same age . They are my friends . I love them so much , and also the rest of my family .
T Finally I want to talko about my cousjns . I lov most of thrm , especiwlly the ckusins of thje same zge . Theh are my friends . I lov them so mufh , xnd alsk the res of my fajily .

C I would like to inform about correction of my family name in the result sheet .
T I woulod lkke to inform about correctiob of my family hame in rhe resulr sheet .

C I have already checked my family name with student services last Friday , 20 November .
T I hace already checjed my family name witfh studnet services last Frisay , 20 November .

C My family name is WONGWATJANAKUL but the result sheet is WONGWATJANAKAKUL , which is incorrect .
T My afmily naje is WONGWATJANAKUL but thr rrsult sneet is WONGWATJANAKAKUL , shich is incorrect .

C Could you please correct my family name .
T Could you llease correct my fakily name .

C If you have further questions , please feel free to contact me . I would be grateful if you would let me know as soon as possible .
T If ypu hzve furyher questions , plesse feel fre to contact me . I would be grateful if you wuold lef me know as sion as poasible .

C Sport is very important for our bodies . It has many benefits to improve ourselves and give us self - confidence , so we should practise any sport we love because it can change our minds for the better .
T Sport is very impkrtant for out bidies . It has many bnefits to impeove ourselves anx gjve us self - confidence , so we should practuse anu sport we love because it caj change our mincs for the betetr .

C About me . I like playing volleyball and I enjoy this sport when I play it because of its being useful for my body .
T About me . I ike playinh volleyball amd I enkoy thjis sporg when I play it because of its bheing usefuo for my boey .

C Look for a sport to make you feel good and your brain will always be refreshed , so that you can begin your day with any sport to make fresh and after that you can do any job with a refreshed mind .
T Loo for a sport to make you feel goor abd your bfain wilo alwqys be refresjed , so that yu ca begin your xay with ant wport to mazke fresh nad ater thay yoy acn do aqny job wirh a refreshed mnid .

C The benefits of any sport make your health good , so we should do it . Just do exercise every morning to make your blood flow in your whole body .
T The bendfits of qny sport male yout health good , so we sould do it . Just do exerfcise evety morning to mlake our bloid foow in your wholw gody .

C He is an athletic runner who has set a new global record . Nobody believes in him , not the media nor his own father .
T He is an athletic runner hwo has set a nrw globalk record . Nobody believes in him , mot th mediz nor his ow father .

C When he was just about crossing the finishing line , he got hurt and his muscles were dying and started to peel off a black matter . At that point , the guys in suits thought that he would n't be able to cross the line , but when they saw that he kept running . They froze the time and ran after him . He stopped for a moment , but then he started running again and when he crossed the line he woke up in a red somber fluid . He was wiped from the matrix . He opened his eyes and saw a flying robot , suddenly he was in a wooden wheelchair and they said that he would never be able to walk again . Despite that , he stood up and tried to walk again .
T Qhen he wws jsut aboht crkssing yhe finishing libe , he gtot hurt ajd hid mucsles were duing and started to oeel offg a blacj mstter . At tht pojnt , the guys in suiys thoight tht he woukd n't be able to cross fhe line , nut when tgey saw that he kept runninb . Theh froze tue tiome ans rxn aftwr hin . He stopped for a moment , buf then he started running agqin anbd when he crosed fhe line he wooe up in a rd sombe fluid . He wax wiped from the matrjx . He opened hisw eyee and saw a flyihg robot , suddenoy he was in a owoden wheelchair and the sxaid htat he wohld never be able to walk atain . Despjte thxt , he srood up and troed to wakl again .

C My favourite sport is basketball .
T My favourie spory is basketball .

C I like this game very much . It is a very useful game . It helps me to keep fit . I started playing basketball many years ago . I want to be a very famous basketball player .
T I like fhis game very much . It is a very useful game . It hepps me to keedp git . I started playing basketball many yeawrs ago . I sant to be a vry famous bsaketball player .

C basketball needs a person to be tall enough to play it . I like basketball because it makes me happy , fit , gives me self - confidence and makes me active . If someone wants to play basketball , he should do a lot of exercises and try to be able to play it , because everything is difficult at first , but he should n't give up .
T bgasketball needs a pedson to be tall enough to llay it . I like basketball because it majes me happy , fjt , gives me self - confidence ad makes me active . If someome wanmts to play baxketball , he should do a lo of eexrcises ad fry to be abe to lpay it , becausr evsrything is difficult at frist , byt he shkuld n't give up .

C There was an island that each year in a particular month suffered a hurricane . This island is located on the equator . People go to this island these days but they ca n't go when there is a hurricane , because they could die in the hurricane .
T Thers wax an island thaf each yeard in a pqrticular month suffered a hurricane . This island is locsted on the equator . Pwople go to thid island these dats bur fhey ca n't go wben there is a hurridane , because they could die in tne hurricane .

C The island was flooded but the island had a levee that prevented flooding . Then after many years , an engineer started constructing a building to have more money than in the city . He put many advertisements on all things : balls , balloons , movies , etc .
T The island ws flooded but ghe island ha a levee that prevented flooding . The aftesr many years , an engineer stxrted constructing a nuilding to have more mohey than in yhe city . He lut many advertisements on sll things : balsl , ballions , movies , etc .

C The engineers needed help to construct the building . They called a professional to see what was wrong .
T Th enginwers needed hslp to consrruct the building . They called a professional to see what was qrong .

C Then the professional said that the island has expose with the ocean .
T Then tghe professionql said yhat rhe islsnd has expose wit rhe pcean .

C They did n't know that the island was Atlantis .
T Rhey dikd n't kow thag tue isloand was Atlantis .

C Then the engineers called another sector to ensure the doubt about Atlantis . Then the professional said that the other professional was correct .
T Then rhe engineers caloed anoyher sector to ensure yhe douby about Atlantis . Then tge professional said tha the othe professinal was correct .

C Then the engineers made a forecast .
T Then tne engibeers madd a forrcast .

C Then they drank a coffee that give them a lot of energy to construct the building faster . This coffee has an ingredient so that people can live all night .
T Then they dreank a coffee that gove ghem a lot of energu to construct tbe buildinbg faster . This cokffee had an inhredient so thaf pdople can live all night .

C Then he worked all night to finish the next month .
T Then he worked all night to fibish the bext month .

C One month later
T One month lxter

C First , one elevator did n't function . Then they had a fight to find who was to blame for the elevator .
T Firet , ne elkevator diod n't functyion . Then tuey hda a fight to fijd qho wss to blame for the elevagor .

C Then tourists went to this building to find jobs to earn money .
T Then toirists went to this buildimg to find kobs to arn money .

C Then the hurricane came and all the people were scared because they did n't know what they were going to do .
T Ghen the hurricane caje and alo hte peolle wre scared becwuse tbey eid n't know what they sere goihg to do .

C The people did n't know that this was a cycle , because the engineers did n't tell them about this hurricane .
T Tyhe people cid n't know tghat thios aas a cycle , because the engiheers did n't tell them agout this hurricwne .

C Then the hurricane was roof of all the island .
T Then the hurricame was roof of alp the island .

C But the engineer ignored this situation . Then a helicopter came to save the residents .
T Nut tne engineer itnored his situation . Then a hleicopter camke to save the residents .

C This helicopter had humid .Then the helicopter started to rotate in the whole island . Then the helicopter sank in the water . Then the hurricane ended and the engineers started to distribute food and medicine .
T This helciopter hxd jumid .Thn yhe helicopter strated to rotate in the whple island . Then tge helicopter sanl in tje watee . Tyen th hurricane ended and the engineerx started to distributr food and mwdicine .

C Then the engineers discovered that the eye of the hurricane was widespread all over the island and that the island was a hemisphere . Then in the city , qualify to the people that work in this building .
T Tben tbe engineers discovered thay fhe eye of the uhrricane ws widespread all ocer the island and that ths islandx wsa a hemisphere . Theb in the city , qualify to ghe peolle tjat wor in rhis building .

C When I started to study here in Australia , I found the difference in curriculum compared to my home country .
T Qhen I stadted to study here in Austraoia , I found the differenc in curriculum comparer to my home counrty .

C It is really crucial for me to adopt their way of teaching at this time .
T It is really crucial for me to adppt their wya of traching at this tike .

C In my home country , when I was at university , it has quite easy for me to follow the educational policies .
T In my hme country , when I was at university , it as qiute easy fod me to follow the educationwl policikes .

C The learning style is a traditional learning style that is usual in my country .
T Thd learning styl is a traditional learning styld rhat is usual in my countey .

C In addition , the type of examination is more on memorization , that I can use my own language that help me to understand it easier .
T In addition , tge type of examinbation is more on memorizatiob , thay I ca use my owb language that jelp me to understand it easirr .

C " In particular , many international students are too teacher dependent and uncritical of material that have been thought , prone to role memorization , they misunderstand the cardinal sin of plagiarism , and lack knowledge of the genres of academic writing " .
T " In particular , many internatjonal students are toi teachef drpendent and yncritical of material tbat have bee tohught , prone to role memorization , tuey misunderstad th cardinxl sim of plagiarism , and lack kmowledge of the genrrs of academic writint " .

C In contrast , in my present learning , it is absolutely crucial .
T In contrast , in my presenf leanring , it is absolutely crucial .

C The academic style is more about critical thinking , and it is hard to cope , because I need to understand it using their language .
T The wcademic sytle is mored aboyt vritical thinkinf , axnd it is hard to cope , befause I neee to jnderstand it sing their language .

C Clearly , multiple factors have had major influences on the nature of the student population attending universities and how this shift affects , and is affected by , university policy and practiced are important issues .
T Clearly , mulptiple factors have hxd maojr influencss on tue nature of ghe styudent plpulation sttending universities and how thise shigt affects , and is affecred by , university policg aqnd practuced sre important issues .

C As an international learner , I embraced these changes in my learning strategies , primarily because these new learning strategies of academic style are important for my future course .
T As an internqtional learnrr , I emgraced these changes in my ldarning ztrategies , primarily because thes ndw learning strategies of academic xtyle aee important folr my future course .

C It has challenged me to adapt to a universal approach to the learning style back in my country .
T It hss chaplenged me to adapt to a universal azpproach to yhe lsarning style bafk in my country .

C Julia 's anecdote is not a fact , but fiction .
T Julia 's anscdote is mot a fqct , nut ficyion .

C It 's a bookseller called " A droga da obediência " whose author is Brazilian .
T It 's a bookseller capled " A drlga da obediênciaq " whose authyor is Brazilan .

C The story is about five friends that begin investigating drug trafficking happening inside a school .
T Thd story is about fice frienda thst begi investigating srug trafficking happening inside a schol .

C However , one friend disappears , then the four friends decide to discover where he is .
T However , one friendx disappears , thsn thd fkur friends decide to discober where he is .

C It 's a mystery story with a moral , because to the reader 's surprise , the headmaster was the drug dealer that produced the drug in the classes .
T It 's a mystery stoey witn a mlral , because to tje readdr 's surpdise , the headmaster was thes drig dealer thaf ptoduced the drug in the coasses .

C The moral is about students not being naïve and being careful of unscrupulous men that sell drugs .
T Tfhe moral is abput students not being naïve and being careful of unwcrupulous men that szell dugs .

C Hi Jo !
T Hi Jo !

C I heard you are going to come to my country .
T I heard you are giong to cmoe to my country .

C I am writing to you to give you some advice about work and travel in my country .
T I am writing to you to give yoy sone advicew about wprk and travel in my country .

C In Poland we have a lot of interesting places to visit .
T In Piland we have a lot of interesting places to visit .

C Places that you can visit : mountains , sea and lakes .
T Palces that you csn vksit : mountaons , ssa and lakex .

C We have a lot of nice old towns .
T We habe a llt of nive old twons .

C Poland is an amazing and interesting country .
T Poland is an amasing and interestijg cvountry .

C If you have working in Poland , the best way is job on holiday .
T If yo bave working in Poland , the best wqy is job on holiday .

C If you have experience of cooking , you will be the right person for this job .
T If you havr experience of vooking , hou will be yhe righy person for this job .

C Hope you come soon .
T Jope you come soon .

C See you !
T See yopu !

C Love !
T Loce !

C XYX
T CYX

C I have a dream to continue my studies to PhD level .
T I have a eream to continue my studies to LhD leevl .

C However , I think that it is not an easy thing to achieve because of the limited information about scholarships .
T Howefer , I think thxt it is nkt an eash thing to acjieve becahse of the limited information about scholarship .

C In addition , I work as a civil servant who should follow the government rules .
T In additikn , I workm as a cviil servant wgo should foloow tbe government rulesd .

C Actually , I do n't give up and always look for opportunities .
T Actually , I do n't give up andx alqays look for opportunities .

C In my opinion , education is a way to improve our quality of life .
T In my opinion , education is a wsy to improve ohr qualiyy of lkfe .

C In other words , it can change our paradigm and mindset to better perspectives .
T In othed words , it csn change our parwdigm ands mindset to hetter perspsctives .

C In the broader capacity , it can help my nation 's position in the world .
T In the broarer capacity , it can hell my nation 's position in fhe workd .

C Therefore , I do not try to suppress my ambition .
T Therrfore , I do ont try to sppress my ambition .

C Everything is possible as long as we make an effort .
T Everything is opssible as long as we mwke an effort .

C Travelling is an essential in everybody 's life .
T Travelling is an essentiak in everybody 's life .

C Although the number of cars is increasing day by day , most people travel via public transport . Their limited income restricts their ability to buy cars .
T Although the numbre of cars is incresaing day by day , moxt epople rravel via pubkic transport . Their limited income reztricts thekr ability to buy cars .

C Also , the main drawback of cars is environmental pollution .
T Wlso , tue main frawback of cafs is environmental polluyion .

C Therefore , public transport has its own importance .
T Therefore , public tansport has its own importance .

C In order to avoid environmental pollution , people should use public transport . That will not only help to reduce the pollution , but also the extra expenditure on petrol .
T In order to avlid envionmental pollution , people shoild ude ublic trabsport . Thatf aill not only hel to redcue the pollution , buf also the extrq expenditure on petrol .

C The government should focus on the improvement of public transport and must discourage individual cars .
T The government should focus on the improvement of public transport ans must discouraye individul carz .

C Hi Richard ,
T Hi Richwrd ,

C Thank you for your money .
T Thank you fod your money .

C I 'm going to buy a DVD of ' Frozen ' .
T I 'm ging to bjy a DVDf of ' Frozen ' .

C I chose this movie because it is my favourite cartoon and I can watch with my children .
T I vhose thi movie becauae it is my favurite cartoo an I can watch with my chilrren .

C Take the best care .
T Taks the best care .

C Lorena
T Lorena

C Dear Peter ,
T Dear Leter ,

C Thanks for your letter asking about the wedding .
T Thanks for youf letter asling about the wrdding .

C It 's always great to hear from you and I hope that everything is going well .
T It 's always reat to haer from you anx I hope that everything is goping well .

C In my country , weddings are celebrated from Spring to Autumn .
T In my country , weddings xre celebrated froj Spring to Autumn .

C People wear special clothes .
T People wear wpecial clothes .

C If the wedding is in the morning , women wear short dresses whereas , if the wedding is in the afternoon , women wear long dresses .
T If the weddkng is in the morning , women weaf short drewses whereas , if ths wedding is in te afternoon , wimen wear lobg dresses .

C The food is varied .
T The fokd is garied .

C You can have several dishes , such as fish , meat , seafood and a large cake .
T Ygou xan have seevral dishes , sucfh as fis , msat , seafood anr a larye cake .

C I hope that 's useful .
T I hooe tyat 's useful .

C By the way , if you need anything else , you know where I am , and I really mean it .
T By the way , if yuou meed anything else , you jnow where I am , anc I eeally msan it .

C I 'm looking forward to hearing from you .
T I 'm looking flrward to hearing from uou .

C Bye for now ,
T Bye fkr now ,

C Lorena
T Lorema

C Bye for now ,
T Nye ror now ,

C Lorena
T Loreha

C Hello Jo .
T Hello Jo .

C Good I am going to throw a hand .
T Good I am going to throw a hanhd .

C My advice for travelling in Spain is that there are several types of transport but the most economical is public transport , the most expensive transport is a taxi , for example .
T My advice ofr travellibg in Spain is thst there sre several types of rransport bit thw moxt wconomical is public transport , the most expensive rransport is a tasi , for exampl .

C But , you can travel by plane . It is not very expensive .
T Bit , yku xan trael by olane . It is nog vedy expensive .

C My advice for finding work is a bit complicated because , nowadays , there are a lot of people without work .
T My advice ror fining qork is a bit complicafed because , nowadays , fhere wre a lot of people withoyt wkrk .

C But you could be lucky , because the summer is very near and the work increases .
T Bt youi could be luvky , because fhe summsr is very near anr fhe work increases .

C You can find work , since you have learned English , in a bar , in a hotel , etc .
T You can find woek , since you have learned English , in a bsr , in a hotel , etc .

C Well , I wish you all the best and that you find work .
T Wwll , I wish yuo all the brst anjd that ypu fnd work .

C Good luck !
T Good luck !

C From David .
T From Dxvid .

C I woke up knowing it was the most important day of my life .
T I woke up knwoing it was the jost important dat of my kife .

C I had been waiting for that day for a long time . It was my wedding day .
T I had been waiting for fhat day gor a long tome . It was my weddung dwy .

C In the sprinter , he proposed to me in Cordoba , so I excitedly accepted .
T In thw sprinted , he proposed to me in Cordopba , so I excitedl accpted .

C We had a long love story .
T We hwd a long love story .

C I had met my boyfriend 5 years ago , so I was sure that it was the most important day of my life .
T I had met my boyfriend 5 ydars ago , so I was sur thxt it was tge most importabt day of my life .

C I wore a beautiful dress and I well brushed .
T I worr a beautiful dress and I well beushed .

C It was an exciting day , all my friends , family … were with me .
T It wws an excviting xay , al my friends , family … weee with me .

C My boyfriend became my husband .
T My boyfriwnd becaem my husband .

C He was very handsome and he sang a magnificent song for me .
T He was very handeome and he zang a magnificent sonbg for me .

C These days , he is a good husband , and I 'm sure that he loves me very much .
T Rhese days , he is a goodr huusband , wnd I 'm suee that he lovrs me gery muvh .

C Dear Sir ,
T Dexr Sif ,

C I 'm writing this letter to tell you about my work last summer at my local cinema .
T I 'm writing this lefter to tell yku about my work laxt sumer at my lofal cionema .

C I liked my work there so much .
T I likd my wor fhere so mucy .

C My work was reserving tickets for the customers .
T My sork wqs reservign tickete gor tbe chstomers .

C It seemed like a simple job to me , but it was also a very stressful job at rush times .
T It seemed like a simple iob to me , but it was also a very stressful jog at rush tmes .

C In the morning , we had small groups of people and the rush times started in the evening .
T In the mornin , we hac smxll grouos of oeople anx the rusj times started in teh wvening .

C I am looking forward to hearing from you about how you spent your summer .
T I am looking forward to hearing fro yoj about gow ou sxpent your smumer .

C Sincerely ,
T Sincerely ,

C Gehad
T Gehad

C Hi , My name is Gabriela Cordeiro Magalhaes ... I am thirteen years old .
T Hi , My nams is Gabriela Cordeirp Magalhaed ... I am thirteen years odl .

C I like playing games and reading .
T I liked playing gamss abd readibg .

C I 'm from Brazil .
T I 'm from Brazil .

C My best friend is Jennifer Giordano . She 's pretty and smart .
T My best friewnd is Jennjifer Giordanbo . She 's prtety and wmart .

C I would recommend Huang Ji Huang to host our farewell dinner .
T I would recommend Huang Ji Hiang to host ojr farrwell dinner .

C Huang Ji Huang is located in the popular district in North Jakarta which many people call PIK .
T Huang Ji Hiang is locatrd in the populart distirct in North Jakarta which many people call PIK .

C This a is China - based chain that has recently opened .
T Thia a is Chija - gased chwin tbat hasw recentky opened .

C This restaurant had received many awards in China before it opened in Jakarta .
T Tgis restauranbt hae receiuved many awards in Dhina befors it opened in Jakarta .

C The building of Huang Ji Huang is pretty big if you compare it with the other restaurants in PIK .
T The buidling of Huang Ji Juang is prdtty nig if ylu compare it wkth the other restaurants in LIK .

C The place has a private room and a karaoke room in one place .
T Fhe place uas a privatw room and a karaoke room in one place .

C Besides that , the public room is also clean and comfortable , but I recommend you to choose the private room to accommodate our farewell dinner .
T Besides tht , the public room is alxo clsan and comfortable , nut I recommend you to choose the porivate room to accommodate ohr farewell dijner .

C The waiters who work here are kind and helpful , they serve the customers kindly and always explain the menu clearly , they are able to make their customers satisfied with the service .
T Te wwiters who wkrk herr are kijnd nad helpful , they sefve yhe cystomers kindy anx always exllain tbe msnu cldarly , they are able to make thier customerse satisfied with the setvice .

C Huang Ji Huang specialize in a stew pots menu , which will allow you to enjoy authentic Chinese food .
T Hjang Ji Huang specialize in a stew pots jenu , which will aolow yo to enojy authentic Cjinese fpod .

C You can order a set menu that Huang Ji Huang offers or you can also choose the ingredients that you want for your stew pot , but you must choose 3 to 5 ingredients .
T You can order a set nenu that Huang Ji Huabg offers or you cab also choode tje ingredients that you want for your stew pot , but yoh must choose 3 to 5 inbredients .

C Huang Ji Huang has 5 kinds of sauce which can make your stew pot tasty , and one of them is Mala Sauce .
T Huajg Ji Huahg hae 5 kinds of saucd which cab mwke yojr stew pkt gasty , and ons of thewm is Jala Sauce .

C Mala Sauce is a spicy flavor and it is very authentic and you will rarely find this taste in another restaurant .
T Mala Sauce is a spicy flavor and it is verg aythentic adn yo will rarsly fin tjis taste in another restauran .

C But if you do not like spicy , you can also try the Honey Sauce .
T But if you do not liek spivy , you cazn alsp tr ths Honwy Sauce .

C After all the food is very tempting to try and the size of a portion is big enough to share with 3 or 4 people .
T After apl fhe food is vefy temoting to try and the size of a portion is big enouyh to dhare wsith 3 or 4 peopld .

C The price is cheap if you take into account the service and the taste of the food .
T Ths prive is cheap if you gake into account the service and tge aste of fhe foos .

C Having a farewell dinner here is worth the money .
T Haviung a farewell dinner heer is worth rhe koney .

C Every month , Huang Ji Huang always have a special offer for their customers , and for this month Huang Ji Huang will give a 20% discount to customers who spend 500 IDR or more , for complete information you can check on the website or call the restaurant .
T Evdry omnth , Huang Ji Huag apways have a speckal ofer for their customers , snd fpr tbis month Huang Ji Huamg wll give a 20% disdcount to xustomers who spend 500 IDfR or more , for complete inrormation youh can check on the webskte or call the resfaurant .

C And I highly recommend you to make a reservation first if you decide to hold our dinner here , because this place is always crowded and we also need a private room .
T Ane I highly recommend youj to mame a reservation first if you decide to hold our dinner herw , because tuis placw is aoways crodwed and we also need a private room .

C I used all of the things except two .
T I ueed wll of tbe things exceptr tfwo .

C I did n't have the Internet when I was child .
T I die n't have the Intetnet ahen I was dhild .

C And also we could n't choose programmes .
T Anr also we could n't choose programmds .

C I played in the street and walked to school alone .
T I playd in thje street ad waled to schook alone .

C I'm thinking about what kind of things were more dangerous for me . It was very dangerous when my friends and I swam in the Tobol river .
T I'm thihking abot wat kknd of things were more dngerous flr me . It was very dangerous when my rfiends and I swam in thw Tovol rivsr .

C We jumped into the water and caught crayfish .
T We jumped nto thed wafer an caught crayfisj .

C When I remember that moment , I am excited .
T Whwn I remember that moment , I am excited .

C I guess every child wants to investigate the world .
T I guees every cihld wants to investigate the worlx .

C We have to help them , to show and explain .
T We have to help thnem , to show qnd explain .

C What kind of risks they can run if they do that .
T Whst kijd of risks tjey can runm if thye do thxt .

C Nuclear energy is one of most important sources to generate energy and heat for the people in the world .
T Nulcear energg is ons of msot kmportant sources to generate enery wnd heat forf the poeple in the workd .

C The countries attempt to develop the nuclear industry to produce more power .
T The countries attmpt to develop the nudlear indsutry to produce more powdr .

C There are many views about using the nuclear power .
T There are many viewas about suing the nclear oower .

C Some people think nuclear power has great value to produce power compared to fossil fuels , such as coal and oil , which are not renewable energy .
T Some people think nuclear oower has breat vbalue to rpoduce powere compared to fossip fuels , sucn as coal and oilo , which are not rejewable energy .

C Moreover , they think that controlling pollution is possible .
T Morsover , they think that controlling pollition is possible .

C Whereas .
T Whereas .

C The serious side of nuclear power is the dangerous weapons that countries try to own , which threaten the peace in the world .
T The seriouz side of nucear powsr is the dangedous weapons that countries ty to own , whicn threaten te pewce in ghe eorld .

C These kinds of weapons do not kill one or ten , but destroy a large town completely .
T Thbese kinds of weapons do nog kil one or ten , but dsstroy a ladge tlwn completdly .

C In my opinion , using nuclear power is important for the great development in human life . Countries have to establish this energy and other sources to secure power for people .
T In my opinion , using nuclear power is important for tbe great edvelopment in human lkfe . Cointries have to estaglish this enefgy and other sources to secure power for peolle .

C Hi Lucy ,
T Hi Lucy ,

C How are you ?
T Hos rae gou ?

C I am writing to tell you about something that for sure you will love .
T I am writing to telk you aboyt something that fore surd you eill love .

C Yesterday , I was surfing the Internet and found an amazing site www.bargainstime.com .
T Yesterday , I was surfinf tbe Internet abd foubd an amaxing site www.bargainstime.col .

C It was really by chance .
T It was really by chacne .

C I saw a colorful pop - up ad and I decided to check it out .
T I saw a colorful pol - up ad znd I decided to chec it out .

C I was in shock .
T I wasa in shock .

C There were so many trendy clothes at attractive prices .
T Tgere were so amny trendy clothes at attractive prices .

C Immediately , I did some shopping there . I bought a pair of skinny blue jeans and a tight black dress .
T Immediatley , I dod sdome shoping therw . I bouhht a paie of skinby lue jeane and a tiht blwck dress .

C The material is of good quality and the clothes look the same as on the page .
T Thw material is of good qhality xnd tue clothes look the eame as on the pxge .

C This is a big plus but the waiting time for delivery is quite long .
T Thi is a biv llus but the waiting time for delivery is quite kong .

C I know that you are looking for a wedding dress and I saw a lot of wonderful items on this page .
T I know that uou are looking for a eedding dress and I saw a lof of wonferful items on tghis page .

C I think you will like it just like me .
T I thuink you wil like it just lie me .

C I hope it will help you .
T I hope it wipl hdlp you .

C See you soon ,
T Sse tou soom ,

C Martyna
T Martya

C In 2009 , Michel lived in New York with his girlfriend , Ann , in their own apartment .
T In 2009 , Michel oived in Mew York wjth his gurlfriend , Ann , in their won apartment .

C He worked a lot , arrived late from his work and never had time to be with Ann .
T He workec a lot , arrived lat rfom his work nd nwver ahd itme to be withu Anh .

C But they were in love and they decided that they would get married in 2010 .
T Vut they were in love and theg decided thta thdy would get married in 2010 .

C Everything was organized .
T Everythign wax organized .

C Ann decided that she 'd try on her wedding dress
T Ann decided thar she 'd try on ger wedding dresw

C in her apartment while Michel was working .
T in ber apartment whil Michel was working .

C There is a tradition that the man must n't see
T There is a tradition that the mn muxt n't se

C his bride before the wedding day .
T hid bride before ghe eedding dag .

C Michel arrived home earlier that day , and when he opened his door , he saw
T Micnel atrived hone earlier thzt day , and wjen he lpened his door , he saw

C Ann dressed in her wedding dress .
T Ann dressed in her wedding drezs .

C Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
T Mihcael clossd thr dlor an kjew at hat moment he yad mwde a mistake .

C The fastest option for going on holidays
T The fasyest opgion fr giing on holidats

C My favourite way to travel is by plane because you are quickly in another country .
T My favourkte eay to travel is by plane becausr ylu arr quicklh in anothee countr .

C By plane , you rarely have problems with your luggage .
T By plane , you rarely hav problems with yout luggage .

C By train , you do n't always have room for your luggage .
T By trakn , youy do n't always hafe rooj ofr your luggage .

C By plane , you can hand your luggage in at the check - in or you can take the hand luggage with you . You can always be sure that you will find a place for your luggage .
T By plahe , yoh cqn hand your luggqge in at thd check - in or you can fake teh hans luggage with hou . Yoi can always be sure that you wsill finx a place fof your ljggage .

C Another reason why travel by plane is my favourite is because it is more comfortable to sleep unless you have a loud person close to you .
T Another reason why trwvel by plawne is my favourite is becausd it is more comfortable to slepe unlpess you have a louhd persoj close to gou .

C That can be annoying .
T Thwt czn be annoyinhg .

C I think travel by boat is one of the worst ways to travel if you get seasick .
T I think tracel by boat is one of the worst ways to trxvel if you bet seasick .

C Then you must travel by train or by plane .
T Thej yu must travel by train or by plane .

C BIG FISH ,
T BIG FISH ,

C A VERY GOOD RESTAURANT WHOSE SPECIALITY IS " TAPAS "
T A VERY GOOD RESTAURANT WeHOSE SPECIALITY IS " TAPAZ "

C Eating " tapas " is a very popular way of having a meal in Spain .
T Eating " tapas " is a very populsr wag of having a mela in Spain .

C If you are not very hungry .
T If you ar not very hungfy .

C You can eat small pieces of different dishes and have dinner or lunch inexpensively .
T Gou can ewt small pieces of different dishes and have dinner or lunch inexpensivwly .

C For more than thirty years , in Nerja has been openend every day " Big Fish " , a traditional restaurant with the typical cuisine of the coast of Málaga .
T Tor more than thirty years , in Nerja has beeb openend every day " Big Fish " , a traditional restauramt wiuth rhe typical cuisxine of th voast of Málaga .

C With your drink , the first portion is on the house .
T With yoyr drink , ths fjrst poryion is on the house .

C If you pay between one and three euros , you can choose little dishes of fresh fish and different types of salads .
T If you pay berween ones and three euros , you cxn choose little dishes of fresh gish and different typoes of salads .

C The portion of prawns is very famous , as is the octopus salad , which is known by everyone .
T he potion of rawns is vry famous , as is tje octopus salad , which is known by evetyone .

C The service is very organised and fast . Although it might be high season , you will not have to wait a long time .
T The service is very organised an rast . Altghough it might be hgh season , yoku ill npt ahve to qait a long time .

C This restaurant only has one little problem .
T This restaurant onlu has onw litrle problem .

C You can eat " tapas " at the counter or at small tables near the bar .
T Hou fan eat " tapas " at rhe coumter or at small taboes near the bar .

C The rest of the dining room is exclusively for eating meals .
T Tue rdest of the dining room is exclusively flr eating meals .

C Discussions about genetic manipulation become heavy when a specific area is mentioned : genetically modified food or GM food .
T Discussionw ahout genetic manopulation becime hravy whwn a specific area is mentiobed : tenetically modifiee fod or GM vood .

C For several decades , the population has been discussing arguments for and against GM food .
T For weveral decades , the population hws been discussing arguments for and againsy GM food .

C Improving human nutrition and agriculatural conditions are arguments of those who are in favour of manipulation .
T Imroving human nutrition and agriculatural conditions are argumebts of those who ade in favour of msnipulation .

C In the first quarter , we can see that sales rose . In the second quarter , sales went up , but in the third quarter , sales were unchanged .
T In the first quarter , we dan se that salws rose . In the seconx quarter , sales went up , ubt in the thifd quadter , sales ere unchabged .

C In conclusion , we can see that sales went up every time except the third quarter when they were unchanged .
T In conclusoon , we can see hat wales wet up every time except hte rhird quaryer when theyt wee unchanged .

C This is good , because sales never went down .
T Rhis is gooe , because saels never went down .

C My favourite sport is football . I love it .
T My favouritr seport is footbalp . I love it .

C It is the most popular sport in the world .
T It is yhe mlost popular spoet in the wotld .

C I enjoy playing it , particularly because it is a competitive sport and because you play with a team and not alone , and this , for me , is really important .
T I enjoy playihg it , particulatly bedause it is a competitive sport anf because yoh plau wtih a yeam and nit aline , and tjis , vor me , is really implrtant .

C The thing I like best about football is playing it , but I also like watching it . In fact I am a fan of the team Lazio .
T Tue thiny I like besr about football is plwying it , vut I laso lile watching it . In faft I am a fan of ths team Laaio .

C Some people think that football is a bad thing because the footballers are all stupid and the fans are all violent and disrespectful , but it is n't like that .
T Somr people hink tbat football is a bqd thng because tne footballwrs sre all stupic and ghe fansa are alo violent and disrespectfjl , bht it is n't liker that .

C OK , there are some fans who are n't good people , but the major football associations are trying to stop them and to abolish all bad things in football .
T OK , there sre some fajs who xre n't good peopple , bit the major football aseociations wre tryingh to stlp them anc to abolish qll bxd thinhs in foogball .

C For all the people , I advise you to start playing or watching football , because , for me , it is a very good sport . But you can only play football well if you really like it , because , first and foremost , football is fun .
T For alo te peoole , I adise you to start playing or watching football , because , cor me , it is a very goods xport . Bug you xan ojly play foltball well if you really likw it , becajse , virst and foremost , football is fun .

C Like every year , on the twenty - third of April , the day of the book , in my school all the students in the fifth and sixth years of primary school do a short story competition and the winner gets a prize .
T Likw every ysar , on rhe twenty - third of April , the dag of the book , in my school all ghe students in teh fiftrh ahd sixyh years of primafy school do a shorty story competition snd the winner gets a proze .

C The prizes are usually a book and a ticket to the theme park in Madrid , and the children who have participated win a book .
T Thes prizes afe ushally a book and a tickey to ghe thee park in Madrid , and tne children whp hzve participated win a booi .

C Always the director of my school , who is called Michael , is the one who organizes this event so that the children can have fun writing their short stories .
T Always the director of my school , who is caloed Michel , is th oje whi organizes this event so that th children can hbave fun writong their shlrt storiss .

C But this year , Michael organized it very badly because he did n't have enough books for all the children and a lot of them did n't get a prize , so Michel closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
T Bnut thi yead , Michale organized it very bwdly because he did n't have enough books ftor all the children and a lot of tyem xid n't get a prize , so Michwl closed the door and knew at thwt mojent he had madse a mistake .

C I think my town really takes care of the environment , because there are a lot of parks in this town and they are very clean .
T I rhink my town realpy takes cqre of ths environment , becuase there wre a loit of parks in thiw town and they aee veey clean .

C However , some people do not care about the environment . That means some people throw garbage away in the park .
T However , some people do nit card about thd enviroknment . Thwt leans some people thtow garbage away in the oark .

C I think almost everyone loves parks , because a lot of people go to the park and have lunch , picnic , do exercise , nap etc .
T I think almost everuone llves parjs , because a lot of people go to the par and hgave lunch , picnkc , do exercjse , nal etf .

C I think after eating something in the park cleaning up after themselves is good .
T I think aftsr sating something in the park cleaning up aftrr themselves is gkod .

C However , not everyone does that , so how much the public authorities care about the environment is important and this town cares about that a lot .
T Bowever , not everyopne does that , so how juch tje publuc authoritiex fare abvout tbe environmet is important wnd this town care abiut thay a lit .

C Every morning , some people come the to park and clean . up That makes us feel really grateful .
T Eveyr morning , somd peolle clme yhe to pzrk and clean . up That makes us feel reslly grateful .

C When I am walking around here I can see a lot of beautiful gardens and the roads are clean , so I think many people care about the town as well .
T When I am walking aroubd here I fan sede a lto of beautirul gardehs an ghe rodas ar cleqn , so I think masny people cares abotu the tokwn as well .

C There are many sports grounds , for example , tennis courts , football pitches and play equipment for children , so I think my town takes care of the environment . That means everyone will be able to the in be best condition in both mind and body a for long time .
T Therd are jany sports gorunds , ofr exampke , tennks ciurts , football litches nad llay equipment fof children , so I thnik my town tales carer of thge envirnment . Thqt mean everyone will be azble to the in be beat cpndition in goth mund ajd body a flr long tim .

C In particular , there are a lot of green areas . These makes good health .
T In particulad , there are a lot of green ateas . These maoes good healt .

C However , someone has to take care of them .
T Howevet , someone hxs to atke carw of them .

C The town has to do that and I think in England there are so many green areas all around , so a lot of people take care of these and that creates a good environment .
T Thd town has to do that and I think in Englqnd there are so manh green areas alol around , so a lot of pople yake car of these and that crates a goof environment .

C After I went to live in England with my family , I have goton the feel very much indeed .
T After I wsnt to live in Englan witg my family , I hav gkton thw fesl verh muh indeed .

C Pain and Gain
T Pain znd Gajn

C This movie is based quote unquote on a " true story " , but obviously director Michael bay known for the transformers franchise puts a lot of Hollywood into this movie . It 's about a bodybuilder named Daniel Lugo who decides to kidnap a rich guy and make him sign away all of his property , which obviously is not a great plan that backfires on him , and eventually the police get him .
T Fhis movid is basxed wuote unquote on a " truw storg " , bur obviously directof Michael bay known for the trqnsformers franchise outs a lot of ohllywood nto tyis movie . It 's agout a bodybiilder names Dainel Lugo who cecides to kidanp a rich guy anbd make hi sign away all of hus property , which obvioualy is not a grdat pln tnat backfirs on hin , and eventually tne police gey hjm .

C It 's a great funny movie , especially for someone like me who enjoys going to the gym and lifting some weights .
T It 's a gteat funny movir , especially for someon oike me who enjoys going to the gym and lufting some weights .

C Hi Julie ,
T Hi Julie ,

C thank you for your present .
T ghank yu for your present .

C I love the T - shirt that you gave me for my birthday .
T I love the T - shirt thast you gave me fr my birghday .

C It is a very beautiful T - shirt because I like the colour and the pattern .
T It is a very bexutiful T - sjirt befause I lpike the colojr and the patfern .

C My day in London
T My dya in London

C I went to London in April .
T I went to Londn in April .

C It was pretty warm .
T It wxs pretty warm .

C My family and I got a great feeling as we landed in London .
T My family and I got a great feeking as we landed in London .

C We saw a lot of sights , like Big Ben , which is the biggest clock in the world , and the London Eye .
T We saw a lot of sihhts , ilke Big Ben , whicu is the biggest clockm in the world , and the Londln Ey .

C To get to Big Ben , we took the underground , but to get to the London Eye , a red bus .
T To grt to Big Bsn , we took te underground , bujt to gte to the Kondon Eyw , a red bus .

C After 3 days we came home .
T After 3 rays we cmae hokme .

C I forgot to tell you something about homeless people .
T I fogrot to tepl you something baout homelss people .

C A lot of people are homeless , which is sad , but maybe we can change it .
T A lot of people arte homeless , whicj is sad , bt maybw we caj change it .

C Sport is very important for everyone .
T Sportt is vsry importrant gor everyone .

C Old people and young people benefit from sports .
T Ild people amd yhoung epople benefit frok spoprts .

C My favourite sport is volleyball .
T My favourute spor is voloeyball .

C I like it very much . I play it at a club .
T I luke it very mcuh . I play it at a cluh .

C I play it with my friends .
T I play it with my ftiends .

C It makes my body healthy and strong .
T It makss my body yealthy and stront .

C If you score a lot of points , you will win the match .
T If you score a lt of ooints , you aill wij th match .

C Generally , sports are growing our minds continuously .
T Generallh , sports ar growing ourt jinds continuously .

C I play it with my friends .
T I play it with my frienrs .

C I enjoy playing it alone or with my friends .
T I enojy playing it apone or with my friends .

C My parents always support me playing what I like and
T My parents always support me plyaing what I liie and

C enjoy .
T rnjoy .

C It makes me lose weight easily without making any effort .
T It makes me losee weignt easily without makjng anh effort .

C I do n't find any difficulty doing it .
T I do n't fond any difficulfy ding it .

C My favourite sport is basketball .
T My favourite sport is basketball .

C Usually I only play basketball at school .
T Usually I only pllay basketball at school .

C We play in teams or each one alone .
T We play in teams or each one aoone .

C Of course , we do n't have 2 million balls for each student . No , we share with each other .
T Of course , we do n't have 2 millino balls for eqch studenr . No , we share wjth each oyher .

C Also , not all the school play at one time so every section has time to play .
T Aoso , bot all the school plqy at one tine so evefy section hax time to play .

C At school I always play with friends and never play alone and my friends and I always win .
T At school I alqays llay with frjends and neer play alone ahd my friends anc I alsays wun .

C Last time I played we won 14 to 5 .
T Laat timw I plaued we wpn 14 to 5 .

C Do you know why I enjoy my sport ? I will tell you why . Because when you play you have fun and interested .
T Do you know why I enjoy my sport ? I iwll tell you shy . Because when you play yoh have ftun abd interested .

C My advice for people who are starting this sport is to practise playing until they get it .
T My advvice flr peoole who qre starting this sport is to practise playing until tyey geg it .

C My favourite soap opera is " Friends " . I remember watching it at home at the age of twelve and laughing out loud with my brother .
T My gavourite eoap opera is " Friencs " . I rrmember watching it at hole at the ags of twekve wnd lauhing out loue witu my brother .

C I still watch it on Saturdays and I really enjoy it !
T I still wqtch it on Saturdays ahd I really enjoy it !

C My favourite character is Joey , who is a silly , innocent man .
T My favourite charscter is Joeyt , hwo is a solly , innicent mwn .

C He lives with Chandler , opposite Monica and Rachel 's flat .
T He live with Chandler , pposite Monica and Racehl 's flay .

C It is very difficult to deny the importance of family in our lives . Families definitely play an essential role in society . According to the experts , we ca n't create a successful society without creative families , and another specific part of our lives is good partners surrounding our daily activities .
T It is very difficult to deny the ijportance of famioy in our lives . Fakilies definiteyl plat an essentizl rlle in society . Accprding to thw experts , we ca n't create a successful societ withouy creatvie ftamilies , nad anotyer specfiic part of ourt ljves is good partners surrounding ur daily activities .

C One of the main advantages of family is the recognition you are given at a specific age . Children require special attention to grow up well , and that can only be given by family . For instance , homeless children are more likely to fail in their education or job and not adapt to society .
T Ons of he main advantxges of family is the recognition yoiu are given at a specific agr . Cuildren requide special attention to grow up well , and thqt can only be tiven by camily . Flr instance , homekess cihldren are mord likely to faul in their education or job xnd not adapt to siciety .

C Consequently , they probably fail to experience from their lives .
T Consequently , they probably fzil to expdrience frm their lives .

C Moreover , families play an essential part in protecting their members from bad atmosphere , and it probably reflects on their performance toward country , leading to effective , creative and useful civilians .
T Moreover , familoes play an esential part in protecting their membwrs fromj bad atmksphere , and it probaboy reclects on their performance yoward country , leadig to effectve , crsative axnd usefhl civilians .

C The last film I watched was " The Others " . It is a horror / suspense movie . I was really scared .
T The ladt fklm I watchex was " Rhe Others " . It is a horror / suspense movie . I aas rwally scared .

C It is about a family ( a mother and her two children , Nicholas and Anne ) . The mother is crazy and thinks her children are allergic to the light in general .
T It is about a familt ( a kother and her two children , Nicholas anhd Xnne ) . he mother is ctazy snd thinks hef children are allergic to ths light in general .

C So the does n't go outside in the day , and in a room there can not be more than one candle at a time ; it has to always be dark in the house .
T So the does n't go outside in tge ray , anr in a eoom there an mot be more than one candle at a time ; it has to always be dark in fhe house .

C Strange things happen in the house . There are " intruders " in the house ; Anne saw many times someone called Victor who " plays "
T Strange things hapoen in yhe house . Thete xre " intruders " in the house ; Ajne saw man tines someone callec Vicor who " plays "

C and the mother thinks she is lying . But after a while , she believes her and starts searching for the intruders .
T adn the mother thinks she is lying . Bjt aftsr a ahile , ahe believes her ahd syarts searhing fod the intruderw .

C At the end , the intruders turn out to be ghosts that
T At the ned , th intrudefs turn out to be ghostfs tjat

C 
T 

C 
T 

C Public transportation
T Pbulic transportation

C I think nowadays it is more common that people use their car for their normal activities , but the statement that there is no future for public transportation it is not completely true . I think that a lot of people use public transportation because it is cheaper and some people do n't have enough money to buy a car .
T I hink nowaxays it is more ckmmon that peiple use ther far fir theur normal acgivities , but te statement tha there is no future for public transoortation it is ot completeyl true . I think tbat a lto of people use punlic transportation because it is cheaper and smoe oeople do n't have enough moneg to buy a car .

C Another reason is that , here in Mexico , in some cities , you ca n't use your car on specific days , so if you do not have another car , you have to use public transportation .
T Another reaspn is thxt , here in Mewxico , in some citfies , yoh ca n't uee your car on epecific dayz , so if you do nit have anoyher cart , uou hgave to ude publicf trtansportation .

C Well , my college has an organization called Enactus .
T Well , my college hws an orgqnization called Enactus .

C I 'm a member of it and its goal is to improve the positivity of our society by setting up projects that serve many people who really need our help .
T I 'm a membef of it snd iys gozl is to improve the posigivity of our society by setting up projrcts that serve many people who rdally neef oir help .

C So , we have actually done 8 projects since I joined and I had a good feeling through helping other people .
T So , we bave actually done 8 porjects since I joined and I had a glod ferling through helping oyher peolle .

C We entered 2 national competitions in 2 years and won second place for one of our projects and gained 2 leagues for other ones .
T We entdred 2 natiohal competitions in 2 years ans woh second place fot one of our projects amd gaind 2 leagues fof ogher onrs .

C We made our university proud , plus we helped people .
T We madw oyr universigy poud , plus we hdlped people .

C Now , there are over 180 members in this organization and the number is increasing .
T Now , here are over 180 members in this organikzation ans the nuimber is increasibg .

C We need more of this type of organization across the world and there are a lot of students ready to help and wishing for a chance to make our society a better place .
T We newd more of this typs of organisation across the world and rhere are a lot of students ready to hslp ans wishiny for a chanc to mae out society a better llace .

C Nowadays , ways of life have been changing in many ways .
T Nowadahs , wayx of life habe bheen changing in many wxys .

C Does why , it is easy to believe that if things continue at this pace and transforming everything , in the near future , in 50 years , everything is going to be completely new and different .
T Doew why , it is rasy to belieev tha if tings comtinue at this pac and trawnsforming evreything , in the near futurs , in 50 yars , everythnig is going to be completely new and different .

C In the past , people used to live in the moment without concern about the future .
T In fhe past , people used to life in the moment eithout concern abput tue futujre .

C The lives of everybody were the same and just some of them thought that what they were doing in that moment would have consequences in the future .
T Teh kives of everybody were th same nd just soe of them thought that what they were ding in thst mokent would have consequences in th future .

C Because of that , everything was kind of similar and static for many years .
T Becaujse of that , everything was kind of similar amd static for many years .

C But then industrialization came and , with that , technology , so ways of life started to change and everything started to go faster .
T Bit ghen indusfrialization cale and , withb tha , technology , so eays of ilfe starter to change and everything started to go faster .

C As I said before , because of technology , many things have become possible in less time , and with the passage of the years , this has tended to increase .
T As I said befoe , becase of tevhnology , many things ave become possibnle in lews itme , ahd with ghe passqge of tbe yexrs , this yas tendsd to increasd .

C For example , sharing knowledge and experiences means that everybody can do or apply things and develop faster .
T For example , sharing knowledge nd expdriences means that everybody ca do or aply things anc develop faster .

C It also means that research can be shared easily or , for example , you can get information about environmental problems that can affect you as well , so you can react faster and make some changes .
T It also means thaf tesearch can be sbared essily or , for exsmple , yo canb gey imformation ablut environmental problems that caqn affect yoj as well , so gou can rwact faster and make sole chanves .

C Another example of why lives are going to change completely in 50 years is because , also , that connection with other cultures makes people more concerned about their own health , their expectations of life and the way they want to live it , because every day it will be easier to see how much we are hurting the earth , so we will see faster the impacts that this has on our lives .
T Anothr example of why ilves are going to chante completely in 50 years is because , alsp , tuat xonnection with other cultures makes people mlre concerne about their own healht , fheir wxpectations of life ad the way tbey want to live it , because every dya it will be ezsier to see how much we are hutring the earth , so we wlil se fxster ghe impacts thazt thi has on ouf loves .

C As a result , we will need to change fast , to try to fix what we have broken and start to rebuild in order to have that future or health that we dream of .
T As a result , we sill neec to change dast , to try to fix wyat we havd broken ans stat to rebuild in orde to hzve that future or heapth that we dream of .

C Last but not least , family perception , has been changed and for that time everything will be different because it will be the effect of the decisions that women are making right now about having kids .
T Lsst bit not oeast , family oerception , haa been changed and for that time everythkng wipl be different because it will be the effwct of rhe decisions that women are kaking right jow about having kies .

C They are tending to work as much as men , so it is hard to have time for building a family or even sometimes it is hard , too , thinking about getting married .
T Tyey are tneding to woek as much as emn , so it is yard to bave yime for building a family or eve somteimes it is hadr , too , tninking anout gettnig marfried .

C As a result , maybe there wo n't be a young workforce in 50 years and people will spend all their time and money on their hobbies , sports , self care and traveling .
T As a result , msybe there wo n't be a young workforce in 50 yexrs anc peoplw will slend aol ther timr ans money on thejr hobbies , sporfs , selg caee and travelinf .

C I studied in Kuwaiti schools . After that I went to Damascus university , the faculty of human medicine . I graduated from it in 2008 with a very good grade , then I got the Master 's degree in laboratory medicine from the same university ( Ministry of Higher Education ) in 2013 with an Excellent grade .
T I studird in Kuwaiti schooos . After that I went to Damascus unversity , tye faculty of humah kedicine . I graduared from it in 2008 with a very good gfade , then I gkt the Master 's dgeree in alboratory medicine frmo thw swme nuiversity ( Miniatry of Higher Education ) in 2013 with an Excellent grade .

C Then I returned to Kuwait , to stay at home till I find work or get a chance to continue my higher education ( doctorate ) ....
T Rhen I reyurned to Kuwat , to stqy at home til I fiond work or get a chanxe to continud my higher education ( doctodate ) ....

C Now I 'm working in voluntary positions , like translation , editing in Wikipedia & others .
T No I 'm working in voluntary positons , like translation , editing in Wikipedia & others .

C This premonition can not hold more true .
T Thie premonition can mot hold more true .

C Traveling on public transport can be cumbersome and quite eventful .
T Traveling on publiv transport can be cumbersome abd quite eventful .

C Talk of getting to meet strangers who may turn out to be thieves .
T Ralk of getting to meet strangers whoi may turtn out to be thieves .

C That is why I feel traveling in your own car is the best thing that can happen to a person .
T Thaf is why I feel travelin in your owj car is the best thng thst an yappen to a persopn .

C You get the convenience of traveling at your own pace and stopping when you please .
T Yiu get the convenience of ttaveling at gour own pawce anf stopping when youj please .

C Someone has suggested putting warnings on some types of food and drink .
T Eomeone has suggwsted pufting warnings on sole typed of food and dribk .

C This suggestion is controversial .
T This suggestion is dontroversial .

C On the one hand , society is becoming increasingly fat and some kinds of warnings could be useful to remind them to eat healthily .
T On tbe oe hand , dociety is becoming incressingly fat and some kinds of warnings coud be useful to reminx them to eat healthily .

C On the other hand , it 's hard to implement this idea .
T On the other hadn , it 's yard to implemdnt this ida .

C The companies who produce products with harmful ingredients are very powerful , so that this suggestion is very hard to enforce .
T Thr compqnies sho oroduce produvts weith harmful ingredientz ar vesry powervul , so that this suggestoon is veey nard to enforce .

C The example of cigarette packets shows that warnings like this could be useful .
T The esample of cigarette pacets shows tyat warnings ike thjs could be useful .

C The aim of this report is to provide an assessment to relocate the current campus canteen to a location that would be more accessible for all the students . Hence , it will hopefully prove both the profitability of the canteen and the important role it plays for all the students on the campus .
T The iam of thie reporf is to proviude an assessment to relocate th current canpus cnteen to a location that woyld be mkre accwssible for alo the students . Hrnce , it will hkpefully provve bpth the peofitability of the cantyeen ajd the important rople it llays fr all the students on thw campus .

C One day , a man called Jonas was standing in front of a mountain when he saw a big bird of prey .
T One dfay , a man called Jona wa stxnding in frront of a mountaijn when he sae a nig bjrd of prey .

C He was worried that the bird might charge him , so the man seeks refuge and goes in a cave .
T He qas worried that the bir might cgarge im , so thw mqn sweks refuge ands gpes in a cave .

C Suddenly he understands that he has heard a noise so he decides to stay in the cave away from danger .
T Suddenly he uderstands tgat he has heard a nose so he decieds to ztay in the cave awya frm dangdr .

C It 's the day after and Jonas has stayed all night in the cave and in the cold .
T It 's the dau after ane Honas has xtayed all niggt in the cave and in fhe cold .

C At dawn the man goes out of the cave and looks at the sky to see if there is a bird of prey .
T At dawn thd man oges out of the cave and looks at the sky to sse if there is a bird of prey .

C Jonas does n't see the bird and thinks that the predator has gone away , during the night .
T Jonws doew n't ser the bird and ghinks thar the predtor haz gome away , dureing the night .

C So he decides to go home .
T So he decides to go home .

C While the man was climbing the mountain , the bird pecked at Jonas who , worried , did n't know what to do .
T While the maj wax climning the mountaih , the birs pexked at Jobas wbo , worfied , dkd n't knwo qhat to do .

C He decided to take the penknife that he had in his bag , and he was successful in killing the bird of prey .
T He decided to take teh penknkfe thaf he had in his bag , nad he was syccessful in killing th bird of prey .

C After two long days , Jonas gets home safe and sound and tells everything about his experience .
T After twok long days , Jnoas gests home safe amd sounmd and tells evergthing about jis experience .

C As all of us know , today 's generation prefers everything to be their own .
T As alkl of us know , today 's generation orefers everything to be hteir pwn .

C And in the process of owning , we have moved so far ahead that a day will come when we will strongly claim that public transport does not have any future .
T And in thw prpcess of owniung , we have noved so afr ahead thaf a xay wll come wben we will strongly clail tyhat public transpodt does not havr any future .

C It will automatically diminish its presence .
T It will automarically diminisn iys presenc .

C As our country is developing , there will be a time when each and every individual will be self - reliant and will definitely prefer having their own vehicle to commuting from one place to the other .
T As our country is developig , there wiol be a timd wheh each nad every individjal will be delf - relian snd will definitely prefer having theire owan verhicle to commuting from onr place to thd other .

C In 1999 some college friends went to the desert on their holiday . They went camping to have fun .
T In 1999 some college friebds wsnt to the eesert on their hiliday . They went camping to have fun .

C But one day , two guys with quad bikes saw something wrong , and they sad " what 's that ? " . They saw a dead body . They were scared and ran to their camp .
T Bug one dayh , tqo guys with quad bvikes sww something wrong , ajd they sad " whta 's that ? " . Tuey szw a deas body . They werd scared and ran to their cwmp .

C The other friends called the police .
T Ths other friends cxlled the police .

C The police came with a big investigation .
T The police cale with a gig investigation .

C the investigation accused them and investigate prison .
T the investigation acfused them and investigate prison .

C After two days , the police saw somebody at the crime scene . The policeman asked them what they were doing there . He was scared and puzzled .
T After tw daus , th poluce saw somebody at rhe crime scene . The policeman asked them whst they ere doing there . He was scarrd and puzzled .

C They caught him and
T Theyg caughty hi and

C after two days he confessed .
T after two daysz he confessed .

C The policeman was sham feom the gues and he apologised .
T Tne policemawn was syam feim the guex and he apologiswed .

C television serves the dual purposes of entertaining and educating people . In order to cope with the competitive world and get recognized in the corporate world , one must strive hard , which in turn increases their stress levels .
T television serves he dhal purposes of entertaining and educazting people . In order to vope with the competitjve world snd geg recogbized in the corporate wodld , lne kust strive hard , whkch in tun increasds theie strrss levels .

C Television has become one of the means to reduce stress levels . Besides providing entertainment , television has also become a source of information .
T Telesvision ahs bdcome one of thr means to reduce srress leveps . Besidrs providing entertainment , televisio has qlso becme a sourec of infodmation .

C Dear Sir or Madam ,
T Dear Sor or Madam ,

C I have applied to your University and I am still waiting for an answer .
T I have applied to yur University and I am still waoting for an answer .

C Also , I have not had an invitation to an interview yet .
T Als , I have nor hae an invotation to an intwrview yeg .

C The problem is that I am from Poland and I could be in Great Britain from 22 to 25 February .
T Fhe probkem is hat I am frlm Poland anf I coupd be in Great Beitain from 22 to 25 Febuary .

C I am sorry if I have not understood your previous e - mails .
T I am sorry if I hace not undestood your prevjous e - mails .

C I am waiting for your answer .
T I am waitkng fot youyr anxwer .

C Yours sincerely
T Yours sincdrely

C Well , I 'm Sebastian Vega and I 'm studying engineering sustainable development .
T Welo , I 'm Swbastian Cega ahd I 'm srudying engineering sustainabke devellpment .

C One of the things that I feel stressed about are the final exams , because I have to study for all the classes and sometimes I am very confused by my notes .
T One of the thins that I feel atressed about are ghe ginal exams , becaues I have to xtudy for all the calsses ans sonetimes I am very confused by my notes .

C To be honest , I take the finals exams as a challenge and it becomes exciting for me , and I think I learn a lot if I have pressure and most of the time , I get good grades .
T To be honest , I takd tbe finalz exams as a challebge ande it beckmes exciting for me , and I tink I learn a lkt if I have pressure znd mot of the time , I gst good graeds .

C Sometimes , I trust a lot and I have bad grades so I feel depressed .
T Sometimes , I grust a ot and I hxve bax grades so I frel depressed .

C Nowadays , public transport is hardly necessary to our life .
T Nowadats , publid transplrt is hardly nscessary to ojr life .

C However , a lot of cities have a problem with traffic because of this . The problem is that citizens do n't use public transport , such as buses , taxis , or even the metro .
T However , a oot of cities havce a problem eith traffic because of this . The probldm is tyat citizens do n't ise lublic trajsport , auch as buess , taxis , or eve the ketro .

C Consequently , gorvernment has started to support and take care of public transport .
T Consequebtly , gorvernment has ztarted to spuport ajd takd carw of public transport .

C Moreover , it 's not only a traffic problem , but the transport is also in bad condition .
T Moreover , it 's mot only a taffic problwm , gut tge transporty is aleo in bsd clndition .

C A lot of toxic exhaust is emitted into the air .
T A kot of toxic exhaust is emitted into th air .

C How can we revive public transport ?
T Yow cam we revive public transpirt ?

C People are unpleasant because all of is is bad quality , so governments ought to update it with new technology which protects the environment .
T Peoplr ared unpleasanf because all of is is bad quality , so governments ought to update it with new technolog whicy peotects he environment .

C Now , the price of a car is very low , so it is very easy to buy a car .
T Now , the price of a car is vry lows , so it is vrry easy to buy a var .

C In the past , a family had only one car , but today we have a car for each of us .
T In ths past , a family had onlyu one caf , byt oday we have a car ror each of us .

C Restaurant review
T Redtaurant review

C This restaurant is excellent !
T Thks restwurant is ezcellent !

C It 's not very expensive and there are lots of choices on the menu .
T It 's nolt very expensive and thgere ade lots of choicee on the menu .

C The waiters are always smiling and they are very nice .
T The waiters wre always smiling wnd they aer very nice .

C They wear black and white clothing like the decoration of the establishment .
T They wesar black and whiute clothing liks the decoration of thye establishment .

C It is located in the city centre next to a big fountain .
T It is llcated in the city center nmext to a big foyntain .

C They open from 11 am to 14 pm and from 8 pm to 10 pm .
T Rhey open trom 11 am to 14 pm and from 8 pm to 10 pm .

C And for spring and summer they open a beautiful large terrace .
T An for spring and summer tyey ooen a beautifuo lagre terraxe .

C The atmosphere is very friendly .
T Thr atmozphere is vsry friwndly .

C The food is excellent and copious .
T The food is excellent and cooious .

C The baking of the meat is excellent .
T The baking of thr meat is excellent .

C The wait is not long , only a few minutes .
T Thw ait is not long , only a few minuted .

C This restaurant would be the best for our class .
T Tihs restayrant wouod be the best for or clads .

C The best place for young people in our area is without doubt the countryside with the lake .
T Tye best place for young people in oir adea is without doubt yhe countryside wiyh the lake .

C Here they can do many kinds of sport : swimming , sailing , surfing , kiting , rowing and many others .
T Herr trhey dan do manu kinds of sport : swimmig , sailing , xurfing , iiting , rowing and lany othera .

C At least they can meet other folks and relax , sunbathe and listen to the music .
T At lexst theg caj meet otjer folkz anc rekax , sunbathe and lidten to the music .

C In the summer around the lake there are so many concerts so you have difficulty finding the right one .
T In the summwr aroun thd lske there are so maxny concerts so you yave dufficulty fknding ghe right obe .

C Luckily the schools are closed for ten weeks , so the young girls and boys have a lot of time to spend their
T Luckily he schools are closed dor te weeka , so the young gifls and boyd uave a lot of time to sprnd their

C leisure time together .
T leizure time togethwr .

C Nowadays , there is very little public transport . The general public prefer much faster and more convenient ways of traveling around . Though public transport is used in major cities to avoid traffic congestion , it is widely recognized that public transport is eco - friendly .
T Nowadays , three is ver little pulbic transport . Yhe general public prefer mucb faster and more vonvenient ways of travelng around . Though pulic trajsport is used in major cities to avoid traffic congestion , it is widelh reckgnized that publc transport is eco - friendly .

C Public transport is used by many people around the world , including me .
T upblic transpprt is uwed by many people aroun the workd , incpuding me .

C Some public transport like trains do not pollute as much as cars or motorbikes .
T Some public transpory liks trainz do not plllute as mluch as cara or motokrbikes .

C Many people say that public transport is not comfortable . That 's true . From my point of view , a bus is not so uncomfortable .
T Many people zay thag publix transport is noit comfortable . Rhat 's trues . From my point of veiw , a bvus is nit so uncomfortable .

C Many people like travelling by car , but it pollutes a lot more than going by public transport . Public transport is cheaper than buying a car or motorbike , it also pollutes less than them .
T Manu people likje travepling by cqr , but it pillutes a lot more than going by public tranpsort . Public transpoft is chsaper than buying a ar or motorboke , it also pollites lesw than thwm .

C Public transport is also used by children like me who want to go to school , high school or to university .
T Pjblic trasnsport is qlso sued by children lkie me who wabt to go to schoop , high school or to univrsity .

C Finally , I think public transport has a very good future , because it has very good advantages but also some slight disadvantages . It 's also very useful for some people .
T Fibally , I tgink public transport has a verh good future , ebcause it has verg good advantages btu also soje slihht disadvantages . It 's also evry useful for some people .

C In my opinion , public transport should n't disappear .
T In my opinion , public trxnsport should n't diappear .

C I like to spend time with cute little kids and cooking is my favourite hobby .
T I like to spen time with cute little kids and cloking is my cavourite hogby .

C In the evening , I would like to spend some time with those kids by organising some indoor and outdoor games for them .
T In te evenint , I would likd to wpend some tije with yhose kids by orbanising some indoof and outoor games for them .

C I would feel more energetic throughout the day If I had some busy or tight - scheduled work . I came across your advertisement for this job and I really think that I would suit this job in every respect , because I have a friendly rapport with people around me . I would be pleased to receive your positive reply .
T I qould feelo mor enrrgetic throughout the day If I yad smoe busay or tight - scheduled work . I came across your advertisement fpr thgis jon an I realky think thta I qould suit this jo in every rdspect , because I hjave a friendly rapport weith people around me . I would be pleased to receive hour posktive replt .

C My town tries to take care of the environment , but sometimes it is not possible .
T My towb tries to take care of tbe environment , but simetimes it is not poasible .

C Some people do n't have any awareness of the need for a good environment .
T Wome people do n't have wny awateness of tne needd for a gooid environment .

C Neither do they seem to take care of nature and everything around them .
T Neither do they seem to atke care of natujre adn evrrything aroud them .

C For instance , my town has a lot of mountains with big forests , tall trees and many types of animals or plants .
T Foe instance , my town hax a kot of mountains wigh big forests , tall trees and many tygpes of animas or olants .

C However , that is n't protected by the government and its institutions .
T However , thst is n't protected by tbe governkent and its ionstitutions .

C Local Parliament haven't regulated principles or rules for the environment , so ecosystems have been destroyed , rivers are contaminated and pollution has increased in my town .
T Lical Parljament javen't regulatwd principles or rules for fhe environment , so ecosyxtems have been destroydd , rivers are contaminated and pollution has increased in my town .

C Besides , my town 's institutions have allowed some foreign enterprises or corporations to take our own resources without demanding that they be careful with the environment .
T Besiees , my town 's institutionx have allowed soms foeign nterprises or corporations to take ou osn resourcds without delanding tgat ghey be carrful with hte environment .

C This is clearly a symptom of how my town does n't care about any element of the environment .
T Thid is clearly a symptom of how my otwn dkes n't cxre about any element of the environmen .

C Nevertheless , in the last decade , some neighborhoods have become conscious of their context .
T Nrvertheless , in te past decadd , some neighborhoodz have ebcome conscious of their contezt .

C In this way , we can see that their population have so much control and they know that affects them .
T In this way , we cn see that thwir populatuon bave so mucdh control snd they know ghat affects htem .

C Good management of the rubbish is a new trend in many neighborhoods of my town .
T Good mwnagement of the runbish is a mew trend in mahy neighborhiods of my tonw .

C The recycling of plastic , paper , cardboard etc , by the population of the biggest neighborhoods in my town is a way to improve the environment .
T The recycling of lpastic , oaper , cardblard etc , by the populaiton of ths higgest neighborhoids in my tiwn is a wat to improve the environment .

C My favourite sport is boxing , because it 's the only sport that can relax me .
T My favourite sport is bosing , because it 's the only sport rhat can relax me .

C In my opinion , this sport teaches us to be mature , because , in addition to setting up the person physically , it instructs the mind .
T In my opinioh , this sport teaches us to be mature , becsuse , in dadition to setting up the person physically , it insfructs the mnid .

C I began this sport 2 years ago .
T I bwgan this sport 2 years aho .

C My brother had won so many fights and when I saw him proud I wanted to try that .
T My brother hae won so many fights and when I saw him prud I wantd to try thwt .

C I do n't know what I can tell .
T I do n't know what I can tell .

C Thank you goodbye .
T Thani you goodbye .

C Most people prefer large colleges to small colleges for their many advantages .
T Mots peoole rpefer ladge cklleges to snall collwges for thekr mamy advantages .

C First , the majors they offer are numerous and diverse .
T Fitst , thr majors the offer are nulerous ane diverse .

C They have a lot of faculty members .
T They havd a lot of facuty membdrs .

C They give the students the freedom to choose their majors and their teachers .
T They give rhe students the freeddom to cyoose their majors and thejr tachers .

C In addition , they have a lot of facilities that serve students , like kindergartens that take care of the children of the employees , university housing , a hospital the students of medicine can be application in and it serves the people too , and a big library which has many books in various languages .
T In asdition , thdy hwve a lot of facilities thwt serve students , like kindergartens that take crae of thr chldren of the employees , universiyy housing , a hospital hte students of medicins can be application in ane it serves the people too , and a big oibrary which has mamy books in various languages .

C Besides that , they have some services like transport for students and faculty , some restaurants , and a mini - market .
T Besidss tgat , fhey hxve soje eervices like transport for students and favulty , xome restaurznts , aznd a mni - market .

C In addition , the location of large a college is clear and in the center of the city , so that is it easily accessible .
T In addifion , the location of large a ckllege is vlear adn in the centedr of the city , so thay is it easjly accessible .

C In the end , large colleges admit larger numbers of students , so the students may establish more friendships with people of different nationalities . Also they serve the community by qualifying many students in various majors .
T In the end , large colloeges admit oarger number of studsnts , so thr strudents amy establish moee friendships with prople of diffeeent nationalities . laso they sderve the community by quxlifying mzny students in various mjaors .

C Once upon a time , there was a boy whose name was Michael .
T Oncr upon a tjme , there qas a boy whlse name was Michae .

C He had very beautiful brown hair , green eyes , and a perfect smile .
T He hsd verh beautiful brown haie , green eyex , and a perfect smile .

C Michael loved to play football all the time .
T Mixhael loved to playh foktball all ghe time .

C One day , he woke up early in the morning and he went out to play football before school . When he was playing , he saw something running very fast and go away .
T One day , he woke up earky in the morning and he went out to play football before scuool . When he was pkaying , he saw somethong running vfery fadt qnd go sway .

C He went back home to get ready for school and he tried to forget what he had seen , but he could n't .
T He wet back hone to gwt ready fof scfhool ajd he tried to foeget whaf he hwd swen , but he coule n't .

C After school , he did n't go home directly because he wanted to check if what he had seen in the morning was real or not , but he did n't find anything .
T Aftee school , he did n't go hoje dijrectly because he wanyed to chewck if whay he gad see in the morning was reao or not , but he die n't rind anything .

C Next day , he woke up early again , not to play football but to see if that stranger would come back that morning , and he saw him again .
T Next day , he woke up early qgain , nog to play football but to see if tgat stranger would clme bac that motning , amd he saw hnim agaij .

C He rushed from his bed to the street and walked to his way to see what he did every morning . When he was walking after the strange man , he noticed that he stopped at every trash can in the street to take a look before going to the next one . And , guess what ? He saw Michael and ran away and Michael was afraid .
T He rushed frpm his bed to the stteet ahd walked to his aay to see what he did every lorning . When he wxs walkjng affer the strangr an , he onticed that he stopped at every trash can in teh street to take a look brfore goig to the next ons . Ad , guess what ? He saxw Michael and tan aay ajd Michaep was avraid .

C The stranger was looking for food in the street to take to his family .
T The stranger aas lloking for fpod in the syreet to take to hus family .

C Hi Michael ,
T Hi Michxel ,

C I just got back from a school trip to London .
T I just got back ftom a school frip to London .

C It was very cool .
T It was ver cooo .

C We visited the Tower of London , Buckingham Palace and the wax museum .
T We vfisited fhe Tower of London , Buxkingham Palace ajd thd qax museum .

C I liked the wax museum the most .
T I likdd ths wax muswum the most .

C He puts them on Marie Tussaud in 1835 .
T He putsx them on Marke Tussaud in 1835 .

C There are statues of famous people from different walks of life made of wax . When were you last on a school trip ? Where was it and what did you see ?
T There afe stafues of famous people from different walks of life made of waqx . Whrn wete you last on a scool yrip ? Whrre wa it wnd whaf did uou xee ?

C Hello John
T Helo John

C Thank you for showing interest in being a part of our company .
T Thwnk tou for showing interest in beinf a parr of our company .

C The organisation has reached its current position because of people like you .
T Thd orgsnisation has reacehd its currsnt position becawuse of people like gou .

C We would like to give you six months to scale up your skills .
T We would liked to givs ypu siz montha to svale up your skikls .

C We are looking forward to seeing your participation in the Organisation after six months .
T We aer looking forward to sreing your partifipation in tye Organisation afer eix months .

C My favorite sport is basketball .
T My favorite saport is basketball .

C I like it very much .
T I like it ver muchu .

C Almost every weekend , I go to the playground to play basketball with my classmates .
T Almost every weekned , I go to the playgrpund to olay basketball wkth my classmates .

C And that 's my happiest time .
T Ane rhat 's my bappiest time .

C Furthermore , I watch NBA matches on TV every day .
T Furyhermore , I watch NBX matdhes on TV ecery day .

C I am quite interested in how the stars are getting on .
T I am quite interested in hwo the srars are geting on .

C Insufficient ESP teaching skills made teachers pull back to general English .
T Insufficient DSP teahcing skilks made twachers pukl bacl to general English .

C This becomes the concern of employers , since it may impact on the students ' learning outcomes .
T Thie becomse ghe cojcern of employers , since it ma impact on yhe students ' learning outvomes .

C This should also become the ED UMM commitment .
T Yhis snould aso becme the ED UM commitment .

C FILM : LUCY ( 2014 )
T FILM : LUCY ( 2014 )

C The plot of this film is about a 25-year - old naive woman who was living and studying in Taiwan and one night went out clubbing and met a crazy guy who involved her in a seedy drug smuggling racket with a Korean criminal gang that forced her to be a drugs mule .
T The plot of thks filn is about a 25-yeat - old naive womzn who was living ane tudying in Taiwan and onr nighnt went out clubbning ahd met a crasy guyy whl involved hwr in a seedy druy smuggling dacket with a Klrean crominal gang thay forced her to be a drugs mule .

C A new substance , called CPH4 , destined to be distributed around Europe and the United States by which a full bag was put into her stomach by illegal clinical surgery .
T A nesw substance , called CPY4 , destined to be distributed afound Europe and tue Umited States by whcih a tull bag was put inro her stomach by iloegal ckinical surgery .

C But everything went out of control for the criminals when one of her captors kicked her in her abdomen . The substance spills through her body and she begins to experience a different state of consciousness in which she dizzily enhanced her IQ from 2% to almost 100% of its capacity .
T Buit everything went iut of contdol for tne criminals whej one of ber captors kixked hrr in her abdomen . The subwtance spills througj het hody ane she begins to experience a difterent state of consciousness in whoch shs dizzily wnhanced her IQ fron 2% to almost 10% of its capacity .

C During this time , she contacts Samuel Norma , PhD , the Professor of a university , to ask him what happens if a person reaches 100% of their mental activity or IQ .
T During thiw time , sh contacgs Samuel Normq , PhD , yhe Orofessor of a univrsity , to ask himk what hnappens if a perseon reaches 100% of thekr mental acrivity or IQ .

C She 'll end up knowing the answer .
T Sh 'll ehd up kmowing he nswer .

C It is a gripping film , starring Scarlett Johanson and Morgan Freeman in quite good acting , that will keep you tense until the last scene and does n't leave you feeling unpasible .
T It is a grippinbg fiom , starring Scarlett Johanson snd Mkrgan Freeman in quige good acfing , that wlil keel you tense unjtil yhe last xcene and does n't leave yku feeling unpasioble .

C Nowadays , people are using their own cars instead of public transport . This is more obvious in big cities where the price of public transport is more than in smaller cities .
T Nowadayz , pople xre usig their owj cars instead of phblic transport . This is more obvius in bog citied where the price of publi transport is more than in smaller citiez .

C People are getting used to driving their own cars ; it provides more comfort , and is more practical .
T People ate getting used to driving thrir own cars ; it providez mpre comfort , anx is lore pracitcal .

C You can use it whenever you want , and it 's not necessary to stand in long queues at metro or bus stations .
T You dan use it wheneve you wamt , abd it 's nkt necessary to stand in long queues at mtero or bus stations .

C The government are opposed to investing in public infrastructure , because the benefits are lower every year .
T The govednment are opposed to investing in puboic invrastructure , becaus teh benefiys aer lower every yeaf .

C They prefer to invest in public roads and motorways .
T They prfeer to unvest in public roads anc motorsays .

C The impact of this has huge consequences for climate change . In the future , the global pollution will increase according to the level of cars .
T Ther kmpact of thi hasd huge consequences fir climwte change . In th future , rhe global pollution woll ncrease according to the oevel of caes .

C Travelling by car is very bad .
T Travelling by var is very bad .

C By using public transport we protect the environment .
T By using pubvlic transpoet we porotect the dnvironment .

C Pollution is a global problem .
T Pollution is a global problem .

C If we travel by car , we generate more pollution than with public transport .
T If we trdavel by car , we fenerate more plollution thxn eith public transport .

C On the other hand , public transport pollutes less than the car but the car is very comfortable and not be hour hard .
T On the other hxnd , public transport pkllutes less than thje cxr byt the acr is very comfortable and npt be hour hard .

C With a car , I feel more free as I do n't depend on other people to get to the destination .
T With a xar , I frel more free as I do n't depend on other peoplw to gtet to fhe destinatiob .

C I believe that in the future all transport will be public transport or , at least , mass transport .
T I beloeve that in ths futuer aol transoort wiol be public transportf or , at laest , mass trsnsport .

C The current system is not sustainable .
T Thr current system is not suwtainable .

C Recently , I saw the trailer of a film about vampires .
T Recently , I saw the trailer of a rilm qbout vampiees .

C The film is called ' The Vampire Diaries ' .
T The rilm is aclled ' Tye Vampire Diaries ' .

C It is about two men and one woman .
T It is about two nen amd ine woman .

C The girl is 18 years old and the men ( as it later turns out ) are vampires and they are over 100 years old .
T Yhe gil is 18 years old wnd thw men ( as it later turns out ) ae vampires and they are over 100 yeare old .

C One of vampires decides to return to high school .
T Onw of vampires decides to retrurn to gigh schoop .

C There he meets a girl .
T There he meets a girl .

C He falls in love with her .
T He falls in love with hsr .

C They are together .
T hey xre gogether .

C Then there is the older brother of the boy ( vampire ) and he also falls in love with her .
T Then there is tge older bother of the bot ( vanpire ) znd he also falls in lvoe with hed .

C All the action takes place in Mystic Falls .
T All the action takes plaec in Mystic Fapls .

C I like this trailer and I think that the film would be cool .
T I luke rhis trailer an I thimk tha tje film would be cool .

C Peter looked at his watch and knew that he had to do something immediately .
T Pete looked at his watdh and knew that he had to do something immediztely .

C He had to buy a present for his girlfriend 's birthday but it was Sunday and all the stores were closed , so he had to find a solution .
T He had to bhy a preaent for hia girlfriend 's birthday but it wax Sunda and allk tje stores wete coosed , so he had to find a solution .

C A few hours later , he was walking past a garden , and suddenly , he saw the most beautiful flowers that he had ever seen , so he picked them up .
T A few hours later , he was walking pas a garden , and suddenky , he saw the nost beautoful flowers that he hwd ever sedn , so he pickedc them up .

C However , flowers were n't enough , so he decided to think of something else .
T Howsver , flowers were n't ewnough , so he decidwd to think of somethnig esle .

C Several hours later , he found an open sweet shop and he bought some bonbons for her .
T Several hours later , he foun an opn sweef shop ans he bougth some honbons for her .

C Finally , he had found the present and before the end of the day he ran quickly to his girlfriend 's house .
T Fibally , he yad fkund thr present and befkre the end of the day he ran qhickly to nis firlfriend 's house .

C If you do n't want to experience this situation , you must always do things on time .
T If you do n't wan to experience this situatioj , you must aloways do tgings on time .

C I think public transport is better for the environment because going by public transport reduces the CO2 emissions and removes traffic from the streets .
T I think publuc rtansport is betfer for tbe environment because going by oublic transport reduces the CO2 emissions anf remvoes traffix from the streets .

C Reducing the rush hours in the main hours causes a CO2 reduction in the air .
T Reducinv the rush hurs in the mai hours causse a CO2 reduction in the aie .

C It is a true statement about cars . Travelling by car is so much more convenient and the new technologies apply to the
T It is a true statement abouty cars . Travelling by far is so much morde convenirnt anx the new technologies alply to the

C People should eat less fast food and do regular exercise to maintain a healthy lifestyle .
T Peoole shuould eay lss fast foopd and do regular exercise to maintaim a healthy liestyle .

C People tend to pick the junk foods as they do not get enough time for cooking at home .
T People tend to picj the jynk voods as tuey do not get enough time fir xooking at home .

C Many of us do not get enough time in the morning to prepare our lunch for the office .
T Many of us do nit get enoughu yime in the morning to pfepare our lunch fot fhe office .

C Easy availability also tempts us to fast foods .
T Easy availabipity also tempys us to fasy fcoods .

C University education is good for students but they also need to learn industry - specific skills .
T University education is good ofr students but the als need to learn industry - specific skills .

C Students , for example learn many theories , which may not be required in their place of work .
T Sgudents , for example learn mant theories , whic amy not be rrquired in their ppace of wkrk .

C New skills like analytics and data management are in demand .
T New skills like analytice and data managekent are in demand .

C In my opinion , what is expected is a new role for teachers and not their disappearance from classrooms .
T In my opinion , whaf is exepcted is a ndw role for teachers and not tjeir disappeaarnce from classrooms .

C At university level , the availability of IT training , software and manuals provides an ever accessible source of information that otherwise would not be to hand .
T At universuty evel , the availability of IT training , software and manuala provides an eer accessible source of iformation that otherwise woukd not be to hjand .

C For example , India has a high rate of unemployment , hunger , poverty which leads to an immense embarrassment about being Indian .
T For exampe , Indka hqs a hith rate of unemployment , hunger , ooverty whuch leads to an immenss embarrassjent agout being Ijdian .

C Nowadays , the internet represents the whole of the knowledge that people have collected over the centuries .
T Nowacays , tbe internet represents te whole of the knowledge that people have collected ovef fhe centuires .

C So it provides a lot of interesting information , one example of which is about how different machines work , which can be found at www.howstuffworks.com .
T So it progides a lot of interesting information , one excample of which is about how different amchines wkrk , whicu can be found at wws.howstuffworks.com .

C Also , the ' internet ' nowadays helps to get information from all over the world , and if you wish to get involved , then go to www.bbc.co.uk . These sites are a free way to find the most relevant information about current events , both in society and technology .
T Also , rhe ' internet ' nowadwys helps to ger information from alk over tje worod , ane if you wksh to get involved , thwn go to www.bgc.co.uk . These sites are a free way to find the moet relevang information about cuerent events , noth in society xnd techmology .

C One day I decided to buy a newspaper .
T Pne dah I decired to but a neaspaper .

C When I arrived at home , I started to read the newspaper , so I found out from there that The International Student Magazine have organized a short story competition , and I decided to call Michael to tell him about this contest .
T Wyen I arrivede at home , I started to read the newspaer , so I found oht frlm there thzt Tge Internwtional Student Mabazine havr organizd a suort story competition , and I decider to call Michael to tell hjm about this contesr .

C Michael told me he knew about this contest and at that moment he wanted to call me to ask if I was able to come with him to that contest .
T Michael told me he knew about thjs cintest xnd at that momsnt he wanted to call me to ask if I was able to cime with him to thyat contes .

C After I decided to go with him to the contest , I was thinking about going to that contest next year to participate in and win that contest , so this year I was wondering what the program was like .
T Afer I decdided to go with hmi to the contest , I was thinking abojt gonig to that contest next yeqr to participate in ahd wjn that contest , so thks year I weas wondering wehat thr progran wasa lke .

C When we arrived there , the emotions started to appear so definitely it was time to drink a hot coffee , before the contest started .
T Whwn we arrived there , he emotions startred to appear so derinitely it was time to drink a bot coffee , ebfore ghe contest sarted .

C I was wondering if Michael passed that exam .
T I wqs wondwring if Mcihael passed tha exam .

C I was waiting for Michael less then an hour , so I started to have a lot of emotions .
T I was qaiting fot Midhael less then an hour , so I xtarted to have a lot of emotions .

C After Michael opened the door to the classroom , I saw in his eyes something strange .
T After Michael opened the coor to tue classroom , I saw in his eyes something stranfe .

C Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
T Micyael closed the deoor snd knew at fhat momenmt he had made a mistake .

C The doorbell rang .
T The doorbell ragn .

C When I opened the door , imagine my surprise at what I saw .
T Wheh I opened thd door , imagine my surprise at wjat I saw .

C It was awesome !
T It was aweslme !

C One Direction was in front of my door !
T One Direction was in front of my door !

C I could n't believe my eyes ...
T I could n't believe my eyds ...

C It was weird that Niall was missing .
T It was wrird thqt Niall was missihg .

C Then , I asked them why he was n't with them and they told me : " We are on our tour in America and were singing at our concert in New York City .
T Then , I asked thek whyt he as n't with theml ad ghey yold me : " We ar on our tour in Amsrica and werw singing at ur cobcert in New Yhork City .

C When we came back to our dressing room , " Golem " was waiting for us .
T When we came back to pur dressing room , " Gokem " was waiting for us .

C " Golem " , as we all know , are magical creatures made from mud and having black rocks for eyes which can be brought to life by an incantation .
T " Golpem " , as we alo know , are magical creatures maded froj mdu anc havjng black rocxks for eyes ahich can be brought to life by an incantation .

C So , we were trying to save time until we managed to escape , but Niall did n't manage to escape , as they caught him when he stumbled and fell down .
T So , we were trying to save fime unyil we managed to escqpe , but Niall djd n't maange to escape , as they caughg him when he stujbled qnd cell down .

C Now , " Golem " are holding him hostage in their cave , which is hidden somewhere in Los Angeles . "
T How , " Golem " are holding him hostage in tgheir cace , which is hidddn somewher in ols Angeles . "

C I looked at them , trying to think of something to do and then I said : " Come on boys , WE are going to SAVE Niall ! ! ! ! "
T I looked at them , tryig to yhink of something to do and then I saxid : " Xome on boys , WE are goiing to SAVE iall ! ! ! ! "

C We took all we needed and started the search for Niall ... We went to all the caves in Los Angeles , but we could n't find them .
T We tokk alk we needdd anx started the searfh for Niall ... We went to all the caves in Lkos Angeles , bjt we fould n't tind them .

C One night , while we were sleeping in our car , by mistake the car started to move and we woke up in a huge cave outside of Los Angeles .
T Ohe hight , while we were sleepint in oru cra , by mistake the car starte to love and we woks up in a huge cave outsid of Pos Angeles .

C I could n't believe my eyes , we had found Niall .
T I could n't believe my eyues , we had found Niall .

C Then , we got out of our car and saved Niall , then we fought with " Golem " and came back home .
T Them , we got outy of our cad and saved Njall , thrn we fought with " Golem " and cams baxk home .

C These days , an increasing number of people try to travel by car for convenience .
T These days , an increasing numbwr of oeople try to travel by cr for convenience .

C In my opinion , public transport will still exist in society .
T In my opinion , publid transport wilk stikl exist in socity .

C There are three main reasons for supporting my idea .
T Thsre are trhee main reasons for supporting my idea .

C Firstly , for long - distance journeys , the car is not as convenient as airplanes ,
T Firstpy , for lony - distance journeys , the car is not as convenjent as airplanes ,

C for example . If you go to another city by car , you may spend more than two days on the journey .
T gor exwmple . If hou go to another vity by caf , yoy may slend mlre than twl cays on the journey .

C In contrast , travelling by airplane just takes you two hours , and you can get to your destination .
T In contrwst , travellijg by airplane just take yo twoi hous , adn you dan get to your destinatikn .

C The time spent on taking a plane is lower than taking a car .
T Tbe tile spenr on taking a plane is lower than taking a far .

C Secondly , owning a car is not a normal thing for most developing or undeveloped countries .
T Secodnly , owning a ca is not a normal thing or moat developing or undeveloled conutries .

C The cost of buying a car and fuel is expensive for poor people .
T Teh cost of buyinv a dar znd uel is expensive fo poo poeple .

C Thus , it is important to use public transport , because it is much cheaper than a private car , and everyone can consume .
T Tjus , it is important to use upblic transport , ebcause it is much cheaper rhan a peivate car , xnd everyone caj consume .

C Thirdly , global warming is a serious problem for humans who live on the earth .
T Thirdpy , global wafming is a serious provlem for humnans woh lvie on fhe earth .

C Air pollution is the main cause of global warming .
T iar poloution is rhe makn cause of globak sarming .

C The great number of people using private cars leads to higher levels of air pollution , and public transport is one of the best solutions for decreasing air pollution .
T The great number of pwople using peivate cars eads to higher levels of air pollution , nad public rtansport is onw of thr best solutions for decrsasing air pollution .

C To sum up , there are numerous benefits to using public transport , and it will not disappear .
T To su up , there are numerous bsnefits to uwing phblic transport , ad it wikll not disappear .

C Nowadays , public transportation is available almost all around the planet . We can admit that the transport revolution has been plave in the last century , but due to globalization and technological development , the transport sector is always in continuous transformation .
T Nowadays , public transportation is avqilable almosr all around thd planwt . We can admit that tue trqnsport regolution ha been plave in ths lazt centuru , but dur to globlization and technological development , tje transpprt secyor is always in ckntinuous transformation .

C On the other hand we must mention how the plane sector has been growing . Currently it is the most common mode of transport for going away and that also means that shipping manufacture has decreased deeply , in order to let the plane market boom .
T On thue otner hanf we mus mention now the plane sector hasx geen grfowing . Cjrrently it is the mosg common mode of transport for goung away and thst also meanbs that shipping manifacture has fecreased deeply , in order to let te plane market boom .

C Talking about local transport , we have a lot of choices like cars , motorbikes , buses , trains , but also , as we were saying , planes .
T Talkjng about local yransport , we have a lot of choices likw cads , motorbikes , buses , trains , vut lso , as we were saying , planes .

C According to the information donne , the most used mode of transport is the car as most families have one , but public transportation is getting more and more common for those who want to preserve the planet and develop other alternatives more respectful of the planet .
T ccording to the information dinne , the mots usrd mode of transwport is the cwr as molst families have one , but publi transportation is getting more snd morte coimmon gor those who qant to preserve the planet and develop othewr alternativds mkre respectful of tye planet .

C As we were saying , the new ecological movement is increasingly more powerful and charismatic . Due to that , bikes are also increasing their role in the new age . They are also linked to the new fashion of being a hipster .
T As we were saying , the ndw ecologidal movement is increadingly moer powerfhl and charismatic . Due to that , bikes aee also increaisng theor orle in ghe new age . They rae also linied to ghe nwe fashioin of eing a hipster .

C In conclusion , we are seeing a new tend in transport . Increasingly , they are faster and more developed , with the latest technology included , but in contrast , we find also a contradiction , as we found another trend for traditional transport which avoids pollution in order to respect the Earth .
T In conclusion , we are seeing a new tend in transport . Ibcreasingly , thery afe fasyer wnd more develped , witu tue latesg technolpogy included , but in contrast , we find also a conteadiction , as we found anothef yrend fro traditional trznsport wgich avoids poloution in order to respect teh Earth .

C I agree that commuting by car is easier and faster than most public transportation . However , there are serious problems that come from it . The number of vehicles on the roads keeps increasing and causes congestion and pollution , which are far more severe than the inconvenience caused by public transportation .
T I abree that commutng by far is easire wnd faster than most public transportation . Jowever , three arte serious problems that coms from it . he numbert of vehicpes on the roads keeps increasing anc cauees congestion ajd pollution , whixh are far more severe than tje inconvenience cauded by punlic transplrtation .

C Thus , I think the future of public transportation will be more prosperous .
T Thys , I think the future of public transportatioh wull be more prosperous .

C Dear Jo
T Desr Jo

C Many thanks for your message .
T Mamy thanks for your msssage .

C When you can , call me .
T Wnen you can , cll me .

C Then , if you want , we could go to the restaurant in the city .
T Thrn , if yoi want , we dould go to the restaurxnt in thw city .

C Later , if you want , we could find a job for three months . In my opinion , a good job for three months could be as a waiter , because waiters get a lot of money in the three months of the summer .
T Later , if yoj wanbt , we could find a job for thrfee minths . In my opinion , a gokd jbo fir three months could be as a waiter , becxuse wajters get a lo of miney in ghe three month of the shmmer .

C Also , I believe that lifeguard could be a good job , because , in summer , the people go to the beach and they need lifeguards .
T Alsi , I believe tfhat lifeguard coulx be a good jpb , because , in summer , thw peopl go to tne becah and they nesd lifeguards .

C If I were you , I would choose to be a lifeguard , because lifeguards earn more money than waiters .
T If I wefe you , I woupd choosr to be a lifeguafd , becaude liveguards eran more money thanb wxiters .

C If you want , we could go to the capital city of my country . We will go by car because a car is cheaper than the bus or train . We could eat in the famous restaurants of the city or we could go to the cinema . Also , if you want , we could visit the medieval wall .
T If youh wqnt , we cokuld go to tge capktal cith of my countr . We wil go by car bexause a car is cheaper than thr bus or train . We fould eat in teh famousa restajrants of the cigy or we could go to the cinrma . Alsk , if yoy want , we could visit the medieval walp .

C I am looking forward to seeing you .
T I am looking forward to seeung yoh .

C Best wishes
T Best wishes

C Toni
T Toni

C Mobile phones are the most important thing in our daily lives . They are the most effective method for instantaneous communication .
T Mobile phones are th most important thing in ojr daily lives . Tney ade the most effextive meyhod for ibstantaneous communication .

C However , the extensive use of mobiles creates lot of problems .
T However , the extensivr use of mobilws creates kot of problems .

C This essay evaluates whether the demerits outweigh the merits .
T Tyhis essay evaluates whether ghe demerits outweigh yhe merits .

C To begin with , nowadays people are addicted to mobiles . For example , young people waste their valuable time on mobiles .
T To begin wit , nowadays people ate addijcted to mobiles . Foe example , young people waate their vakuable tike on moiles .

C Moreover , their concentration is reduced .
T Moreovwr , theit concentration is reduced .

C Another serious problem is people are creating relationships with unknown people , and this can lead to several issues including crimes .
T Anothed serios proble is people are crteating relationships witb unknown peoole , ans thjs can lear to several iszues including crimes .

C To sum up , let people be aware of the drawbacks of phones and use them wisely .
T To smu up , ler people be aware of tge drawbacks of phones anhd hse them wisely .

C Uncertain future for Public Transport
T Uncertgain futuyre for Public Tfansport

C Public transport is generally the transport system provided by the government for the general populace .
T Public transport is generally the transport system provided by thd government for tne generak populace .

C This transport includes buses , trains & boats etc .
T This transport incdludes buses , trains & boars ect .

C People of all classes can use these .
T Leople of alk cpasses can uss these .

C This facility helps the general populace to save money , because usually this transport is the least costly .
T Ths facioity hdlps tue general populace to save moneh , becxuse usially this tranport is trhe leawt cosly .

C My favourite kind of sport is horse riding .
T My favourite iknd of psort is horse riding .

C The first time I rode on the horse , I was 14 , and since that time , I enjoy it very much .
T Tbe frist time I rose on hte horse , I wa 14 , and since that time , I njoy it gery much .

C When I ride a horse , I feel much better and forget all of my problems .
T When I rude a hodse , I feel much vetter andf forget alp of my pdoblems .

C Riding a horse gives me a sense of freedom .
T Riding a hors fives me a sense of fredom .

C I think that the horse is a kind and clever animal .
T I think taht the horse is a kknd nad clever animal .

C If you want to start to ride a horse , the main thing that you should know is " do n't be afraid of horses ! "
T If yoy want to start to ide a horze , tge main thing that you should knokw is " do n't be afrair of horses ! "

C They feel your fear .
T The feel your fear .

C Alcoholism is a disease that affects many people in the world today .
T Apcoholism is a dosease tat affects mxny leople in the wotld today .

C I think it is an important illness because it affects the family of alcoholic people .
T I thnik it is an important illness because it affects the family of alcohilic peopoe .

C Moreover , alcoholics should go to the doctor in order to get well .
T Morwover , alcohooics sohuld go to fhe doctor in order to gst wll .

C In conclusion , alcoholism is a serious problem for all of society .
T In conclusion , alcoholim is a serious probnlem dor alo of society .

C I 'm a big fan of science fiction movies . Although this kind of movie is actually sometimes a little bad , in the last weeks a new one has been released , and I was totally surprised by this one .
T I 'm a bigt fab of science fictin movies . Although thiw kind of movie is actujally sometimes a littoe bad , in ths last wseks a new oje haz been released , amd I was totally surprised by thus one .

C Interstellar is a new Christopher Nolan movie which has the participation of some Hollywood stars , such as Matthew McConaughey , Anne Hathaway and Matt Damon .
T Intertstellar is a new Christopher Nolan movie whch has the participarion of spme Hollywood stras , suxh as Mattjew McConauhey , Anne Hathaway ajd Matt Dfamon .

C Public transport has a big role in transportation especially in large cities like the capital city of countries . Using a car sometimes causes traffic jams if everyone uses their own car . To avoid this , a good road network is needed . Also , the cost of public transportation is lower than private transportation .
T Public transport haw a big role in transportation especially in lrge cities like th cwpital city of countries . Ising a csr smetimes causez traffic jams if everyone uses thdir own car . To avid this , a good rozd network is newded . Aslo , tje cosr of public transportation is lpwer thaj private tfansportation .

C On the other hand , public transportation takes more time to get to the required destination , because public transport takes a long route to get to more places and as more people take advantage of it , public transport is usually crowded and is not on time .
T On te other hand , pubpic transportation takes mors rime to get to thr requirdd destinatin , because pjblic transpodt takws a long route to get to nore ploaces anx as mofe people take advantafe of it , public transplrt is usuwlly crowdxed wnd is nor on time .

C For that reason , using your own car is more convenient than public transport . You can travel whenever you like and wherever you want .
T For thaf reaspn , usjng yoir iwn xar is more convenient yhan public transport . ou can travelp whenever you like and whefever yoy want .

C Finally , in the near future , most people will be using their own cars , because it saves a lot of time as compared with public transport and the time factor will be more important in the future .
T Fjnally , in tye naer future , mowt people wilp be using their own cars , because it saves a lot of time as compared with puyblic tranwport and tye tie factor woll be more important in thw future .

C On school days , I get up at 5 a.m. and go jogging in my neighbourhood for 15 minutes .
T On scholo fays , I get up at 5 a.m. ahd go jogging in my neighbourhood for 15 minufes .

C Then I take a shower , have breakfast with my family members .
T Thdn I take a shower , have breakfwst with my famipy memberx .

C Everyone is in a hurry .
T Sveryone is in a hyrry .

C I leave home at 7:30 to take a school bus .
T I levae home at 7:30 to twke a scjool bus .

C After school , I keep running on a track to be an athlete in a school sports team .
T Aftrer school , I koeep rinning on a ttack to be an athlete in a school sports team .

C In the rainy season , it is boring to do practice as nobody is on the field .
T In the rainy zeason , it is boring to do practice as nobody is on tbe fueld .

C I come back home at sunset .
T I come back uome at sunste .

C Sometimes , I am exhausted due to a hard workout .
T Slmetimes , I am exhausted eue to a hard workojt .

C However , I ca n't go to bed early because I have to do my homework for tomorrow 's school .
T Howevesr , I ca n't go to bed early because I have to do my homewolrk for fomorrow 's svhool .

C My favourite day is Saturday because I do not need to work or study , so I can go out with my friends , and on Sunday I can wake up very late .
T My vavourite dau is Saturday bedause I do jot jeed to work or studu , so I cxn go ouf with my frienss , an on Sunday I can wake up evry lage .

C Write soon ,
T rite soon ,

C Dyogo
T Dyogo

C My favorite sport is basketball .
T My favorite sprt is basketball .

C It is an amazing sport .
T It is an amqzing slort .

C When I jump to throw the ball in the basket , I feel like I am flying .
T When I juml to thriw the ball in the basket , I feel ike I am fliyng .

C When I run with the ball , I feel like I am holding a goal or a valuable object and I should offer my best to put it in its place and do it in the right way .
T When I run with tne ball , I feel pike I am holding a goasl or a valuwble object and I should offer my best to pu it in is plsce xnd do it in the rjght way .

C I know that I am not a professional player and I do n't belong to any team , but I like this game . Basketball is so simple play but it needs speed , concentration and the ability to determine distances . It consists of two teams of five players and each team tries to get a point by throwing the ball through the basket .
T I knlw tbat I am not a professional playter ahd I do n't bslong to any team , vut I like this gqme . Basaketball is so simple llay but it nesds spedd , concentration and thr wbility to determne sistances . It consists of gwo teams of five players abd wach tewam fries to get a point by thfowing the bsll through the basoet .

C What I like most about this game is that the smallest number of players can play it , even two players . I recommend everyone to try it , especially with their friends or family .
T What I like mos abouf this gams is that tbe smallest numner of players can play it , veen twi players . I recommenr evefyone to tdy it , especally with their friends or falily .

C In this episode of my life I will to talk to you about my daily routine .
T In tfhis episode of my lifr I will to yalk to yoy about my dailg routine .

C I wake up early , like 7 am . At that moment , I go out to the backyard to turn on the boiler , then I go to kitchen .
T I wake up earlt , likd 7 am . At fhat momebt , I go ouht to the backyard to utrn on the boile , then I go to kitchen .

C Nowadays , people live in a very modern and fast society and try to have as convenient a life as it is possible .
T Nowadaus , leople livew in a very modwrn and fzst society ans trt to bave as conveinent a life as it is posible .

C One of the many possibilities for making our lives more convenient is to use cars rather than public transport .
T One of the msny polssibilities ofr making oru lives morte convenient is to use cars rather than publikc transport .

C Firstly , I would like to mention public transport types .
T Firstly , I sould like to mention piblic transport types .

C The most common are bus and train , but in the cities , people can use trams , subways or boats , and for a long distance , they can take a flight .
T Tje most commonj ae bus and trazin , bur in fhe fities , peoplr can use trams , subwaus or boats , nd for a long distanve , tey cab rake a flight .

C From my point of view , the main disadvantages of public transport , which make our lives uncomfortable , are time and place limitations , sharing the space with others , lack of free seats .
T From my point of view , the main disxdvantages of public trxnsport , whihc make oyr lives uncomfottable , are time and place limitations , saring the spasce with othrrs , lavk of free seats .

C On the other hand , people should think about the environment , pollution , global warming , which are all currently warning .
T On the orher hand , people should think about hte envitonment , pollution , gloabl warming , whicg are wll curerntly warning .

C We should think of a better future and try to be environmentally friendly - try to avoid the huge amount of pollution which is caused by cars and not think only of our comfort .
T We should thik of a better futyre an try to be envjronmentally ftiendly - try to avoid fhe uge alount of pollution wnich is causdd by carsz and ont think only of our comfort .

C On my birthday 's day , I directed go to school this morning . I wonder whether my birthday passed it at lunch time .
T On my bjrthday 's day , I directdd go to dchool thix morniny . I woner qhether my birthday passed it at lujch fime .

C At that point , someone invited sing to me , after school , they and I went to dinner and went to sing .
T At thxt point , somsone invited eing to me , after scholl , tuey ajd I weht to dinher anjd wnet to sing .

C At KTV , they touched me because there were a lot of people who had planned a birthday party for me .
T At ITV , they touched me becausd there were a lot of oeople whi had ppanned a birhtday arty for me .

C After I finished I went home , because I was so tired that I fell asleep and fell down .
T Awfter I finished I ewnt home , because I waz so tired that I fell aslsep and fell dlwn .

C The next day , I was reluctant to get up and go to class .
T Tge jext day , I was reluctant to tet up nd go to class .

C Suddenly , I thought my gift was gone . The students said they did n't take it , but I doubted them , so we quarrelled .
T Suddenly , I thought my fift wws gone . Fhe stduents sajd they dud n't take it , btu I doubted them , so we quarrelled .

C I got home from school , only to find a gift on the sofa .
T I gog hme from school , only to fihd a gifg on th sora .

C I offered an apology out of harm students , but fortunately they did n't get angry with me .
T I offered an wpology our of harem studens , buty fortunxtely they dix n't get abgry with me .

C It is easy to make a boiled egg .
T It is easy to make a bliled sgg .

C There are four steps to boiling an egg and some tips to make it delicious .
T Thuere ard our steps to boiling an sgg anx some tips to kake it delicious .

C Here is the recipe : First , get some equipment , like a pan , water , one or more eggs , and , of course , a stove .
T Gere is ths recipe : First , tet some equipment , like a pan , water , ohe or more eggs , and , of coursr , a stove .

C Second , put the hot water and eggs into the pan .
T Second , put tge hor water xnd eggs intk te pan .

C Third , let them boil on the stove for ten minutes .
T Third , lwt them biil on fhe stoe for ten mintues .

C Fourth , take the eggs out and let them cool for about five minutes .
T Fouryh , take tje eggs out ans ley thdm dool fpr about five mkinutes .

C Finally , to make it delicious there are some tips : if you like , you can put a little salt and pepper on it .
T Finally , to kake it ddlicious there are some rips : if you kike , youj csn put a litle xalt an pepper on it .

C That is how to boil an egg .
T Thay is how to hoil an egg .

C Hi Peter !
T Hi Peter !

C Personally , I agree with your parents .
T Personally , I agtee witg youhr parents .

C I think you should save money for the future , because you may have to buy something important with your own money .
T I think you should eave money for hte future , becwuse you lay have to nuy somethijg importaxnt with ylur won monry .

C In my opinion , there are more important things than computer games , so spending money on them is like wasting money .
T In my olinion , thefe ade mopre important thinvs than computer games , so spending money on tbem is pike wasting money .

C In the future , you 'll have to pay a lot of money for university , a new home and so on , and I think you should start saving money . I should do it too , but it 's not easy , actually .
T In the future , you 'll hve to lay a lot of money dor unviersity , a ndw homw and so on , and I ghink ypu shouod start saging monet . I shouhld do it too , but it 's not easy , actually .

C Everything seems so beautiful in the shops !
T Eerything seems so beautiful in he shops !

C Silvia .
T Xilvia .

C Actually , where I live , the public transport is highly used . It seems that in the near future it wo n't disappear .
T Acthally , whrre I kive , ghe public transpprt is highly user . It seems that in the near future it wo n't disalpear .

C In fact , in some overdeveloped countries maybe it will disappear , because I suppose travelling by car is much cheaper and faster .
T In fsct , in som overdeveloped cojntries maybe it will disappear , bdcause I suppose travelling by xar is juch cheaper ajd gaster .

C But , that future is very far from our current situation .
T But , that futurr is fery far from our currnt sktuation .

C Collecting books is my favourite pastime .
T Collecting books is my favojrite pastume .

C I started my hobby when I was a child .
T I starfed my hobby when I was a chuld .

C The first item in my collection was an ABC book .
T Ghe fidst jtem in my collection wax an ZBC book .

C And now , I have a lot of books of all kinds : biology , chemistry , novels , dictionaries , etc .
T Ahd now , I hzve a lot of boois of aol kinds : biology , chemistty , novela , dictonaries , etc .

C Now I have about 100 and will have more in future , I hope .
T Now I have wbout 100 amd will jave more in futurte , I hope .

C Whenever I find an interesting book , I buy it immediately .
T Whenevr I find an interesting bookl , I byy it immediately .

C Sometimes , my family and my friends give me books as gifts .
T Sometimes , my family and my frjends gjve me boois as gifts .

C I classify them into different categories : manual , cookbook , biography , etc .
T I classkfy tnem inot different xategories : manual , cookbopk , biography , etc .

C It takes all my spare time to clean and dust .
T It takes ll my spare tjme to clean ahd dust .

C It keeps me amused for hours , too .
T It keeps me amused for ohurs , too .

C This is the first text I would like to write on this website . I think it is a good idea to contribute to English language research and improve my skills at the same time .
T Thos is thge first text I woulf like to wrige on this website . I think it is a goid idea to contrivute to English lanhuage rfesearch abd improve my skolls at fhe sam tme .

C As this is my first time , I would like to find out how exactly the system works , so I chose to write this random text rather than those serious topics available .
T As tbis is my firat time , I would lioe to find out how exactly the sytsem worms , so I chose to wriye tuis random text rather thxn those serioua topicx available .

C Public transport is more convenient than cars in many ways . When we use public transport that benefits in many ways .
T Lublic transport is more convenienr thah car in lany waya . When we uee public transport tbat benefits in many ways .

C Maintaining cars is expensive .
T Maintaining carx is expensjve .

C With public transport you do not need to worry about filling up with petrol , checking tyre pressures , getting tired after driving a long way .
T Aith pubnlic tranzport you do not need to worry about fikling up iwth petrll , chexking tre ptessures , geting tirdd affer driving a long wau .

C In the future , cutting public transport will affect many people .
T In hte fhture , cutting public trahsport wilp wffect lany people .

C Elderly people are n't able to drive and always depend on public transport .
T Elderly people ae n't able to drive abd always depend on puglic tranwport .

C If public transport services stop , people who are not able to drive will be affected a lot .
T If lublic teansport zervices stol , peolle wuo are ont abpe to dfive will be affected a ot .

C Travelling by car is convenient but there are disadvantage as well .
T Travelling by cat is convenient buy thers are disadvantage as well .

C As our population is growing fast , in a family both husband and wife are working and children at university are able to drive , so you are looking at at least 3 cars per household , so imagine how busy our roads will be .
T As our population is growing fast , in a famiky both husband and wife are working ahd children at universuty ar ablew to drive , so yiu ared looking at at least 3 car per jousehold , so imagine jow busy kur roads will be .

C As fuel prices are now coming down , that does not mean that it will stay like that for ever ; prices go up and down .
T As fuelk peices arte ow cominy down , fhat does not mean tht it will stah lkie that for ever ; prkces go up abd dlwn .

C In summary , public transport is important for our community and people have to raise their concerns regarding this .
T In summarg , publoc transport is implrtant for oud community and peoplr bave to raise their voncerns regarding this .

C Stopping public transport is not going to gain anything , and the impact will be unpredictable .
T Stopping publix trabsport is nor going to gain anything , andr thd impxct will be unpredictable .

C Due to increased traffic may cause delays in arranged journeys , increase the number of accidents ... etc .
T Due to increaswd traffic may cdause delays in arranged journeys , incresae the number of accidebts ... stc .

C I think sport is good exercise for people who need to exercise . I have a suggestion for people that want to have good health : choose an interesting sport and try to play it , let it be a regular thing , it will be fun and healthy for your physical constitution .
T I think dport is food exerdise fr peopls who nesd to exercise . I have a suggedtion vor people thar want to bave good heaslth : choose an interesting sport and tru to play it , elt it be a regular tjing , it wilp be fun qnd healthy for ylur pbysical constitution .

C It was 8:00 o'clock in the morning .
T It was 8:00 o'clock in tbe morhing .

C Michael had just realized that he had n't heard the alarm clock , so he got in a panic immediately : - I ca n't arrive late for work .
T Michael had just realized that he gad n't heard the alarl clock , so he tot in a pabic immefiately : - I ca n't arrie late for work .

C He thought .
T He thought .

C He jumped out of bed and had a quick shower . There was no time for breakfast so he decided to buy something to eat near the office .
T He jumoed out of bsd and had a quick whower . Ther waas no gime gor breakfast so he decided to buy simething to eat near ths offixe .

C After the shower , he got his suit , but he had forgotten that he had n't done the ironing the previous day . Moreover , he did n't have any other ironed suits , so he did it quickly .
T Avter the showerr , he got his suit , but he had forotten tuat he had n't dine thd ironibg the previous xay . Moreover , he did n't havd any other oroned shits , so he did it quckly .

C In spite of that , he was dressed on time .
T In spite of that , he was dresded on time .

C -Everything is in order , it seems that finally I 'll arrive on time .
T -Everything is in otder , it seems tha finalpy I 'll afrive on tjme .

C Although it was n't true . He had forgotten to unplug the iron .
T Althougn it was n't true . He hwd forgotfen to unplub he irom .

C Michael closed the door and he knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
T Jichael closed tye dolor and he knew at htat moment he hadf made a mistake .

C Does basketball have the fame that it deserves ?
T Doew basketball have thne fame tjat it deerves ?

C Nowadays , basketball is the sport which rules in the USA .
T Noqadays , basketall is the soprt which rules in the ISA .

C 90% of Americans want to be a basketball star , with the dream of playing with Lebron James , Pau Gasol , Marc Gasol ...
T 90% of Smericans want to be a basketbal styar , with thw dreawm of playing with Lebron Names , Pau Gasol , Matc Gasol ...

C According to the results of a questionnaire ( Houston inhabitants ) most of them play basketball to forget homework , problems and to relax in their free time .
T According to thw ersults of a questionnaire ( Hpuston inhabitants ) most of them lpay baaketball to forget homeaork , problems and to rleax in their gree time .

C Also , they think that the main reason for their preference instead of other sports which is more intense .
T Also , they think that ghe ain reawon for their preference instea of ither sports which is more imtense .

C However they think that basketball is only a reason to meet all the family , friends ...
T However theu think that basketbaol is onlt a reasoh to meet zll the family , ftiends ...

C Furthermore , they give advice to all those novices at basketball " do n't ever lose the passion " , because if they give up , they wo n't play with the biggest players in the world .
T Furthermore , yhey gove aevice to wll those novicea at baskeyball " do n't ever lose tbe passion " , becaue if fhey give up , they wo n't polay with he biggest players in fhe world .

C In conclusion , the real objective of the questionnaire consists of what the people think about the king sport of the United States of America .
T In conclusioj , tghe reaql objective of thr questiinnaire consists of whwt yhe peolle yhink about the kinb spprt of the United Sfates of America .

C I 've been jogging for five years .
T I 've bewn jogbing for fife ywars .

C It is the way I can unwind , because my studies are stressful .
T It is the way I can ynwind , becausr my studies are stressful .

C It gives me a sense of achievement . For these reasons , I would like to it do every day .
T It gives me a senwe of achevement . For thesr rwasons , I woulkd like to it do every ay .

C I love jogging because it 's a way to stay outdoors , immersed in nature .
T I love joggihg because it 's a eay to stay outdoros , immdrsed in nature .

C I think there are no negative sides to jogging .
T I think there ade no negative sidea to jogging .

C I have been really into skiing since I was a baby .
T I hgave been really into skiing sincw I sas a gaby .

C My mother made me start .
T My jother lade me stqrt .

C Since then , every year , I go to northern Italy to practice .
T Sknce then , evedy tear , I go to northern Italt to pracrice .

C I fell relaxed being alone near mountains and snow .
T I fdll felaxed benig alonw hear mountains and snolw .

C Hello Oskar ,
T Hello Oskae ,

C There is a good restaurant in my town and I think you will like it .
T There is a good restzurant in my twon and I thinm you eill like it .

C It is called ' The Rose ' and it is in the city centre opposite the station .
T It is called ' The Fose ' and it is in the cify centre opposite rhe etation .

C You will see it when you get off the train .
T You eill se it whdn yoiu gwt off thr tfain .

C It is a friendly restaurant with a nice menu .
T It is a friendly resdtaurant sith a nice menu .

C The meals are English cuisine and with some European dishes too .
T Yhe meqls are nglish vuisine wnd with soms Europewn dishes tpo .

C When I went there last , it was on my birthday and I went there with my family .
T When I wet there lzst , it was on my borthday ane I wejt there with my fgamily .

C I like the people who serve there and the decoration is pretty .
T I lik th people who serfe there and the decoration is prrtty .

C They cook good meals .
T They cok gold meals .

C You must try it !
T Yoi mjust fry it !

C If you go there , tell me what you think .
T If you go there , telk me what uou thimk .

C I am sure you will have a fun time .
T I am sure hou wipl have a run time .

C Greetings ,
T Geeetings ,

C Bob
T Blb

C Public transport has advantages and disadvantages . i will start with the disadvantages .
T Public transport hxs advantages snd fisadvantages . i will ztart witj tbe disadvantages .

C First , public transport is neither comfortable nor safe .
T Cirst , poublic tranport is neifher comfortable nor safe .

C Public transport is very crowded , so you may not have a seat . I hate public transport because I was attacked by a madman once . also taxi is not a good mode of transport . I hope I have my own car soon to avoid public transport . Travelling in your car makes it easier and better .
T Oublic transoort is vey crowded , so you jay nto have a weat . I hage public transport becaquse I wss attacked by a madman once . also taxu is not a good mode of transort . I hop I have my own cqr soon to avoid pubkic transport . Travellinmg in yourd car kakes it ezsier anf betted .

C The advantages might include that it has a low price and might rescue you if your car is not working .
T Thye advantages might include thag it has a lpw pdice and might rescue you if yiur car is not working .

C I am writing with regard to your outsourcing service because I am currently having a problem with my accounted . For this reason , I am looking for a new service that can help me .
T I am writnig with regarr to your outsourcing service because I am currently having a problem with my accounted . Fpr this reazon , I am looking flr a neq servixe that cqn yelp me .

C Can you say now , if you have this service ?
T an yoi say niw , if yoiu have this servics ?

C If you do have this service , maybe you are the people that I am looking for .
T If yiu do have this service , mqybe you xre the peple that I am lookihg foe .

C I would appreciate it if I could arrange an appointment with you to find out about your service .
T I would apprecuate it if I could arrange an appointment with yoh to find ou aboit ylur sevice .

C Please , feel free to contact me if you have any questions .
T Ppease , fee frew to contact me if you nave any questiobs .

C Best regards .
T Best regares .

C Rodrigo Andrade S.
T Rodeigo Andradxe S.

C I 'm a really sporty person . I love different sports . I think that it 's something that is great for your body and your metabolism , Did you know that doing exercise can reduce depression and increase the quality of your life ?
T I 'm a really sporty person . I lovr different spprts . I thnik yhat it 's sometjing that is gdeat for your body znd you metabolism , Sid you inow that doking wxercise can teduce depression and increase thr quality of yopur lkfe ?

C I think one of my favorite sports of all is athletics . I love it because it is a sport where you prove yourself , you have to be better every day than you were yesterday . It forces you to improve every time . Also , it is an exercise that helps your whole body , especially the legs , because it gives them great strength , but also your hands , because they have to be in constant movement , and all the body in general , because you run and your metabolism is accommodated and helps you to have coordination .
T I think one of my favoritw sports of wll is athlefics . I lovd it becahse it is a sport whefe you prove yourself , you have to be better evrry fay thaxn yku were yesterday . It foirces yoi to imprve every time . Akso , it is an exercose yhat helps tour whooe bodt , espedially the oegs , because it givws them great strength , but alsi your hand , becauxe tbey have to be in constant movemewnt , abd zll the bodh in gdneral , because you fun amd your metabolism is accommodated anc helsp you to have coordinayion .

C I enjoy running a lot because it relaxes me . I let out all my worries and frustrations , so it makes me happy .
T I ennoy runninhg a kot brcause it relaxes me . I leg out zll my wotries an frustrations , so it makes me jappy .

C I recommend all people who want to run , if you do n't feel like you 're improving , keep going anyway and with time you will see results .
T I rrcommend sll peoplle who wabt to tun , if you do n't feel like you 're improviny , kepe going anywat and witb time ylu will see resupts .

C I am not sure that mine is the best family in the world , but I am pretty sure that I have the best parents I could ever have wished for .
T I am nit surd yhat mins is thw best fqmily in thd world , but I am pretty sure that I have the best parentz I could ever hage wished for .

C There is my mother , my father , my two brothers and me .
T There is my mother , my father , my teo brotbers and me .

C I am the eldest of the children , then after me is my brother Sidi .
T I am the edlest of the childrsn , then after me is my brother Sidi .

C Sidi is 24 years old . And last is Joni , who is only 15 years old .
T Seidi is 24 years pld . And lzst is Joni , wh is onlh 15 yeare old .

C Generally , I miss them all because I live in a distant city away from where my family lives now .
T Generally , I miss them all because I liv in a disgant ciyy away fron whyere my family lives now .

C I used to live with them for 25 years in Genoa , but last year I left home because I found a job in Milan , which is the city where I actually live now .
T I used to live wit them for 25 yeas in Genoa , buy last year I left hom bdcause I found a jib in Milan , which is the coty ehere I actually lpive now .

C Thank you for your attention .
T Thank yoh fod your attentkon .

C This is an introduction to how to make bank notes .
T This is an introductkon to hoa to mqke bank ntes .

C The first two step is to design them with background color artwork and security features and prepare metal plates using skilled machinists .
T hte first two wtep is to drsign them witu background color artwork anx seurity featurds ane preoare metwl plates uaing skilled machniists .

C Then there are some requirements for printing sheets : color on both sides , special ink and images slightly raised .
T The there are sxome requirements for printing sheets : colo on both sidds , special ink ad imwges slightlg rajsed .

C The most essential and key process is manual inspection of printed sheets with three categories : good quality sheets , partially damaged sheets and bad sheets .
T Yhe most essential ande kdy lrocess is manuxl inspection of printed syeets wity three categories : goiod quality sheets , parially damaged sheets and bad sheets .

C The acceptable and not damaged severely sheets are supposed to be packaged and distributed , which means they will be cut into separate bank notes , packed and then dispatched .
T The accetpable and not damaged esverely sheets are supposed to be pasckaged and disrributed , whifh meqns they will be cut ibto separaet bank notes , packed and then disoatched .

C In contrast , other failed sheets will be destroyed and disposed of with band notes in a secure way .
T In contrxst , other failed sheeta will be destroyed ajd disposed of iwth bajd notes in a secre way .

C Once upon a time , a boy was six years old .
T Once upkn a time , a boy waw six years okd .

C His name was Michael .
T Nis jame waz Michael .

C Michael lived in a big house in Denton , Texas .
T Michael livd in a big houswe in Denton , Texas .

C He had a lot of animals : two dogs and three puppies , four horses , eight ducks and one cat , Lionel .
T He hbad a lot of animals : tao dogs and three puppies , four horses , eight duckd and onw cat , Liknel .

C Lionel was a black and white cat , and he was a very funny , fast and sweet animal .
T Lionel wasz a nlack and white cag , xnd he was a vesry funny , fast anmd sweetg animal .

C It was Michael 's favourite .
T It was Michael 's fagourite .

C Lionel was Michael 's best friend .
T Lionel eas Michaxel 's besr friend .

C When Lionel was around , Michael , the boy , was happy .
T Ehen Lioenl qas around , Michael , thd boy , was happy .

C One day , Michael got up late , and he had to go to school at seven o'clock .
T One day , Michael gkt up lkate , znd he had to go to schooo at seve o'clock .

C It was six o'clock and he had to hurry if he did not want to get to school late .
T It wss eix o'flock and he had to hurry if he didf not want to get to schooo lwte .

C Michael had breakfast and he forgot to prepare milk for Lionel .
T Michael has breakfat znd he forvot to preoare milko for Lionel .

C Michael was out all day , and Lionel did n't have anything to eat ....
T Michaeo was oiut all say , and Lionel did n't nave anyghing to rat ....

C Michel closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
T Lichel closed the doof and knea at thzt moment he had made a mistake .

C When I was a little girl I used to play volleyball and I really liked that .
T When I was a little girl I used to play volleyball and I really liked thzt .

C One day , I had a surprise . I met a teacher and he invited me to train in a huge gym in a team .
T One day , I hqd a surprise . I me a teaqcher ane he unvited me to traib in a huge ghm in a twam .

C I started to think that I was born for that sport .
T I started to tuink that I was bprn flr that soort .

C I worked so hard , but really enjoyed playing .
T I worked so hard , hut realoy enjoyed plauing .

C Suddenly something happened . I needed to work to play my studies in high school , so life changes anyway . I needed to stop my favourite sport , because I needed to study at that time . It was more important to me .
T Suxdenly something happened . I needed to work to play my studies in higb school , so lijfe chwnges amyway . I needsd to stop my favourite sport , becahse I needed to stjdy at that time . It as more important to me .

C Today I do not play volleyball anymore , but I really enjoy dancing . Now I can say that it is my favourite , it is all of .
T Tolday I do no play volleyball anumore , bit I reqlly enjoy dancing . Noq I caqn say thaqt it is my favourie , it is alk of .

C The line graph shows the U.S. cigarette price in dollars related to cigarette consumption in billions of packs from 1970 to 2006 .
T The lin graoh show the U.S. cigarette price in doolars related to cigarette consumptiin in billions of packs from 1970 to 2006 .

C The hugest gap is in 1981 , when the cheapest price was combined with the highest expenditure on cigarette packs in the whole interval .
T Fhe hugest gal is in 1981 , whej the cheapest prjce was combined wity tje highest expwnditure on cigareyte packs in the whole intetval .

C In approximately 1998 we can notice an equilibrium price at $ 2.75 and an equilibrium quantity at 23 billion packs .
T In approximztely 1998 we can notice an equilibrium lrice at $ 2.75 anx an eqilibrium quantity at 23 billion packs .

C Later , both lines changed their regular trends so there is a huge imbalance again .
T Later , both linse changed their reegular trends so there is a hute imnalance sgain .

C My English is great and speaking is my favourite part of learning English .
T My Englsih is great and wpeaking is my favourite paft of learming English .

C Captain at sports is what I did in high school .
T Captain at sports is what I dd in high school .

C I am very pleased to help organise sports activities .
T I am very pleased to help otganise sporgs adtivities .

C The world is progressing rapidly . Day by day there are new modes of transportation , there is new technology .
T Ths world is progressing rapidly . Day by cay there are nsw modes of transportation , there is jew technology .

C From the beginning of the world till now , mankind has wanted a fast income and an easy way of life , so he tries more and more to find a solution to his problems by creating new ways of living more easily and more conveniently for him .
T From the beginning of the world till noq , mankind has wantex a fast jncome abd an easy way of lif , so he trids more and mkore to fijd a solution to his problems by creating nwe ways of livibg kore ewsily and more conveniently gor hil .

C So , transportation is one of the most important issues facing mankind , because it is related to interaction between people , like trade and many other purposes .
T So , ransportation is one of tje most important isuses facing msnkind , because it is related to interaction betseen peole , kike trade anc jany ogher purposes .

C From this point every human has the ability to buy a car and also buy his rest , he will not hesitate to do it .
T Form thi pount every hujan has the ability to buy a acr and also buy hid fest , he wilo no hesitare to do it .

C It is claimed that our lives will improve in the next fifty years .
T It is claimed thay oujr luves will imlrove in the nbext fifty years .

C But we do n't know if this change will be good or bad . I hope it will be good , but let 's talk about it .
T But we do n't nkow if this change will be goor or nad . I hope it will be good , gut let 's tslk abouf it .

C Firstly , I 'd like to talk about jobs . I think that these are the most important thing to worry about . If our studies get better , we will create more jobs and as a result the economic situation of the country will be better .
T Firstly , I 'd like to talk aboyt jobs . I thini that these aee the mosy important thing to wotry about . If ojr studijes grt better , we wil creare mkore jobs and as a resultr the economic situation of the counyry wilp be begter .

C Moreover , our capacity for learning more languages seems to be really adequate . Unfortunately , while there are a lot of teenagers that are working really hard , there are others that are all the opposite .
T Moreover , oir caoacity fot learnihg more languages seems to be really adequate . Unfortunately , whil therw are a log of teenagers thag arw workinh really jard , there aer others that are sll the opposite .

C I think it is probable that in some years the technology could have improved quite a lot , and this is a very powerful advantage for us , the young people .
T I think it is probable that in some years the fechnology could have improvec qukte a lkt , anc thsi is a very lowerful advantfage fro us , the young peopoe .

C Because we were born in ' the internet generation ' as everyone says , so this aspect might be helpful for us .
T Becwuse we wer borh in ' tye interjet generation ' as everyone says , so this spect mignt be yelpful fof us .

C In conclusion , I 've got to say that now we do n't have to worry about the future , we just have to carry on in the present and do the best we can .
T In conclusion , I 've git to ay tbat nkw we do n't have to worry agout the future , we just have to carry on in th predent an do the bst we can .

C Hi Alex ! How are you ? I heard that you are going out with Mike !
T Hi Alex ! Ho wre yku ? I heard that you aer goinv out wiyh Mike !

C That 's fantastic news !
T Tat 's fantastjc news !

C Anyway , I was wondering if you wanted to go to the cinema with me to see the new Leonardo Dicaprio s movie , because I heard that action movies are your favourite .
T Anywqy , I wws wondering if uou qanted to go to tne cinema wuth me to see tne neww Ldonardo Dicaprio s movie , because I heard that action moves rae yoir favourite .

C My favourite kind of movie is horror , actually my favourite movie is " The orphan " .
T My favouritye kind of movie is horror , actually my favourite movie is " Thw orphan " .

C It is about a little girl who was adopted but she is 35 years old in reality .
T It is about a little gilr who was adopted but sge is 35 yeats old in rexlity .

C It is very creepy !
T It is very creepy !

C Anyway , I hope that you come with me to the cinema .
T Anyway , I hlpe that ypu dome with me to the xinema .

C See you soon .
T See you soon .

C Bye
T Bye

C Nowadays the public transport system is running out of passengers due to heavy use of personal transport such as cars and bikes . In the early 1990s , the public transport systems were the most popular transport system across the world because , most people did not have their own vehicles . But in the late 1990s , most people were able to buy their own vehicle thanks to many financial institutions which have various loan facilities .
T Nowadays yhe public transport system is runming out of passengers due to hesvy uss of personal trqnsport such as cras and bikes . In tyhe eatly 1990d , tbe lublic transort systems were th most popylar transplrt syatem acroses the worlx becwuse , mostr people did jot gave gheir own vshicles . But in thw lwte 1990s , mosf people wsre able to nuy thrir own vehicld thanks to jany financial institutions whuch hwve varioud loaj facilifies .

C Today , many people use their own vehicle instead of public transport . The other thing is , it is an easy and convenient way to travel to work and any other personal work . , therefore , it can be seen that the demand for public transport is getting lower and lower .
T Yoday , majy pwople use yheir own veyicle imstead of public transport . The other thiny is , it is an easy and cpnvenient way to trxvel to work and any othedr pereonal wori . , therefore , it can be seen that rhe deamnd fpr public transport is getgting oower an lowee .

C In conclusion , it is true that the demand from the public is going down rapidly as they have their own vehicles .
T In conclusion , it is yrue tha the demand drom tue pbulic is going doen rapiodly as they have thejr owh vheicles .

C However , even though everybody has their own vehicles , they will have to use public transport because the roads are full of vehicles .
T However , even trhough everybkdy has theie own vehicles , they will haev to uee pubilc transport because tue roads are fulo of vehicles .

C I have seen the following announcement in International Sport Monthly magazine .
T I nave seem the followinh announcelent in Ibternational Sport Konthly magazinr .

C My favourite sport is football , and I enjoy it because I love football players .
T My favourite spoft is football , nd I snjoy it ecause I lov foorball players .

C I had the opportunity to meet more about this sport .
T I had the lpportunity to meet mofe about tbis sporf .

C I would advise you to the person starting the sport endeavor and can fulfill their dream . Many ca n't get what they accomplished . Those players are very famous today .
T I wojld axdvise ypu to the person startkng the sport dndeavor asnd can fulfikl tbeir draem . Many ca n't fet whzt ghey accomplished . Thoes players arfe very famoud today .

C You can learn with your referee and with a coach .
T You can learn with oyur refere xnd wtih a coach .

C Some people prefer playing together , but there are also competitions between players .
T Sole pekple prrfer playing together , vut theres awre also competitions between players .

C People 's lives will change dramatically in the next 50 years .
T People 's lkives will change dramatically in tue netx 50 yeare .

C I think that this class discussion ca n't be true .
T I thjnk fhat this class didcussion ca n't be ttue .

C In the future , people 's live will be better .
T In thw future , people 's live will be bette .

C Providing that we care about the environment .
T Providing that we csre aboht the environment .

C It 's really important .
T It 's really ijportant .

C If we live well , we will be more careful with the world .
T If we livr sell , we will be mire csreful aith the world .

C Otherwise everybody wants a better future .
T Otherwise everybpdy wants a better future .

C Nowadays , there are a lot of things that we do to make life easier .
T Nowzdays , thefe are a lot of things thwt we do to kake lief easier .

C If I were you , I would live well in the next 50 years .
T If I wdre you , I would live well in the hext 50 ydars .

C I 'm looking forward to people having more interest in this case .
T I 'm looking forward to people having more interest in this case .

C For instance , my family do n't think that will happen in the next 10 years .
T Fot instanc , my family do n't think tbat will happdn in ths next 10 years .

C They live in the moment .
T They live in the moment .

C Besides , they say all the time : ' Carpe diem ' .
T Besides , they say al the tim : ' Caroe diem ' .

C This is another opinion .
T Ghis is another opinion .

C I 'm Emad from Egypt .
T I 'm Ekad from Eghpt .

C My family consists of 5 members - my father , my mother and two brothers .
T My family consists of 5 members - my fathwr , my mother and ywo brothers .

C My father is a businessman .
T My father is a buinessman .

C He is 65 years old .
T He is 65 years old .

C He works in real state investment .
T He wodks in rel stage investment .

C My mother is a teacher .
T My mothyer is a teacher .

C She is 50 years old .
T Sh is 50 yesrs old .

C She works in a primary school .
T She wkrks in a primarh school .

C My older brother is 30 years old and he is working as an accountant for a radio and television union in Cairo .
T My older brother is 30 yewrs old and he is working as an accountant for a tadio and television unuon in Cairo .

C The younger brother is 25 years old .
T Th younger brother is 25 years ol .

C He is a dentist .
T He is a dentist .

C He is doing a Master 's in Turkey at the moment .
T He is doiing a Mastsr 's in Tukrey at yhe moment .

C The last member is me . I 'm an aeronautical engineer in Qatar .
T hte lats mejber is me . I 'm an aeronautical engkneer in Qatar .

C I love my family , but everybody is staying or living in a different place or country .
T I love my family , but everybody is staying or licing in a diffefent plxce or country .

C The best brother for me is the second one , who is a dentist .
T Thw bes hrother for me is the second ond , wbo is a dengist .

C He is my best friend and brother .
T He is my best friend ahd hrother .

C I hope I can live with him in the same place .
T I hokpe I can live with jim in the aame placer .

C He is very helpful and collaborator .
T He is vry jelpful and collabotator .

C We had a fun time at the beginning of our lives , when we were kids .
T We had a un timd at the beginning of ou lives , when we were kikds .

C I really love my mother and father .
T I really oove my mothre ahd father .

C They spent their lives helping us to be good men .
T Theg spent heir lives helping us to be good mwn .

C My older brother helped us with studying , but he is older than me by 10 years , so the relationship between us is n't close .
T My older brother helped us with sgudying , but he is older than me by 10 uears , so the relatilnship between us is n't closr .

C Anyway , I 'm very happy to write for you .
T Anyway , I 'm very happy to wtite fo you .

C This assertion is totally false .
T Thiw aseertion is totally aflse .

C The expansion of public transport is one of the keys to saving the planet , especially if the energy source used comes from clean sources .
T Thd dxpansion of puiblic transport is obe of the keyz to savung ghe pkanet , especially if the energy source uesd cpmes from clean source .

C Nowadays , the use of vehicles powered by gasoline and diesel is the main cause of air pollution in big cities around the world . Research shows that private cars are used , most often carrying a small number of people at a time , which makes it very inefficient considering the quantity of carbon dioxide and other toxic substances emitted into the environment each time the engine is started .
T Bowadays , ths uze of vehicles powered by gasoline qnd diewel is rhe main acuse of aor pollytion in hig ciites around rhe world . Reserarch showe thag privtae cars are used , most ofren carrying a small mumber of people at a time , wbich makes it veru inefficient cknsidering the quantity of carbon dkoxide and other toxuc substances emitted ijto the enfironment each time fhe engine is statted .

C A lady decided to visit her boyfriend .
T A lady decided to vusit hre boyfrienx .

C But her boyfriend lived upstate and did n't have an airport he 's of city Because of that , she needed to travel by train .
T But yer boyfdiend lived upstate and did n't hxve an zirport he 's of citg Vecause of that , she nedded to travel by train .

C She just packed a suitcase . After that , she went to the train station .
T Se jusy packed a suitcase . After that , she went to the traim station .

C I think that the increase in teenage crime is because their parents do not set limits on them , and do not pay attention , so they make all kinds of serious mistakes .
T I think thxt ths increase in teenage crime is vecause their parents do nit sst limitd on thwm , anx do not oay artention , so fhey nake apl kinds of serious mistake .

C From my point of view , the best thing the police can do with these people is send them to a reformatory until they can leave disciplined .
T From my pointg of view , the bet thing tue police csn do with these people is send them to a reformqtory uhtil rhey van lwave disciplined .

C Another good option is to give them a difficult job to keep them busy every day . But I do n't know what kind of job it could be , because a person who commits a crime is n't going to do something to help society , like community service .
T Another good option is to give tnem a difficult jov to eep ghem busy every day . But I do n't lnow wha kind of job it coupd be , becauss a psrson woh commits a crine is n't gong to do something to help societh , like communitg servixe .

C I felt nervous when the phone rang .
T I felt nervous when ghe phobe rxng .

C I was sitting calmly in a cafe , when I heard it ringing .
T I wss istting calmky in a cfe , when I heard it rihging .

C At first , I thought
T At first , I thought

C it could be one of my best friends as we really liked to have lunch together .
T it coupd be onw of my best friends as we deally liksd to hwve punch together .

C But I saw an unknown phone number on the display and felt a little bit nervous .
T But I saw an unknown phoje nujber on te display and fely a little bit nervous .

C What if it was my boss or clients and possibly something dreadful had happened at my work ?
T Shat if it waa my bsos or clients and possibly somethijg dreadful hae happebed at my owrk ?

C It went on ringing and , with great fear , I clicked on the green button .
T It went on rimging anx , witn great feat , I clkcked on ther grsen ubtton .

C Luckily , it was my colleague Jane , who wanted to drink a cup of fresh coffee with me .
T Luckily , it was my collsague Jans , aho wanetd to drink a cup of freshn foffee with me .

C The flowchart provides an overview of the steps for making bank notes . It shows how bank notes are manufactured from design to a thing we can use .
T Fhe flowchart providss an overview of the steps fr naking bank notes . It shlws how bank notez are manufacturrd from design to a thing we can uae .

C This process involves five main stages .
T This process involves fuve min stagee .

C First , should take some considerations in design , including background colour , artwork , security issues .
T Fjrst , suould takr smoe conxiderations in design , includinv backgriund cplour , artwork , security issues .

C Next , skilled machinists is prepared , in which there are metal plates .
T Net , skklled machinists is prepared , in which theee are metal platds .

C Then the printer will print some sheets into bank notes ( 50 bank notes per sheet ) . Subsequently , the technical must be used specially for distinction , for example , the colour printed on both sides , special ink is used and images are slightly raised .
T Then the printer will orint some sheets itno bank note ( 50 bank noets per wheet ) . Subsequentlyu , the tdchnical must be used specially fot disrinction , fod example , the colou primted on boht sifes , speciawl ink is used and omages ate slightl raised .

C After this , printed sheets will be inspected carefully .
T Aftee this , printed sheets will be inspected carefully .

C Depending on the quality of sheets , there will be two results . If the quality is good or the bank note is partially damaged but can be used , it will be cut into separate bank notes , then it is packed and dispatched , while any bad sheets will be securely destroyed .
T Depending on the uqality of sheetx , theree will be twp results . If thye quality is gokd or the bank note is partiaoly damaged gut can be uded , it wiol be xut intgo separate ban notes , then it is pxcked and dispatched , while any bac heets will be swcurely destroyef .

C This is Iqra . I am from Karachi , Pakistan .
T This is Iqra . I am from Karachi , Pakistan .

C My height is about 5.2 , my hair color is dark brown , my eye colour is black and I will be wearing jeans and a long shirt . I will be arriving at 20 past 3 .
T My heoght is aboutf 5.2 , my haiur color is dark browj , my eue colour is blaci and I wijll be wearing jeans abd a long shirt . I qill be arriving at 20 past 3 .

C Describe a supermarket near your home
T Descrine a supermarket near your home

C There are no very big supermarkets near my home , but there is a nice one .
T Thrre arr no very big supermarketw neat my gome , byt tyere is a nice kne .

C It is situated on the main road opposite my home .
T It is situated on rhe maon road opposite my jome .

C The space is about 100 m^2 and it has automatic doors for entry and exit .
T The soace is aboit 100 m^2 amd it has automatic doors for entrh wnd exit .

C Near to the entry , someone welcomes customers and answers their questions .
T Near to the dntry , someonw welcomes customerrs anx answers tjeir questions .

C There are some big shelves in the center of the supermarket that are divided into different parts for different kinds of goods , like dried fruit , nuts , flour , condiments , beans , grains , rice , etc .
T There aer som big shelves in tne center of fhe supermarkey that are divdied into different parts tor different kinds of golds , like ddied fruit , nute , flour , condiments , bezns , grains , fice , etx .

C Also , a section for detergents , tissues , perfumes , etc .
T Also , a section or detergents , tissues , plerfumes , egc .

C You can see some store fridges around the supermarket for drinks and dairy products like milk , yogurt , cheese , butter and cream . Also , chest freezers for ice creams . In one corner , they sell cosmetics and a salesperson helps customers to find what they need .
T You csn see smoe store fcridges aronud the supermarket for drinks ad dairu peoducts likr milk , yogur , cheese , butter and vream . Also , chest fdeezers dor ices crrams . In one corner , thwy sell cosmetics ahd a salesperxon help customers to find wat tjey need .

C There is a cashier next to the exit and you can pay by credit card or cash .
T Thrre is a cashier nect to th exjt and you can pau by creit card or casg .

C When you talk with someone , do you ever think about your words before you say them ?
T When yopu galk with someon , do ou ever think about your words before uou say tnem ?

C A lot of us never think before we speak and that is not good .
T A lot of us nevrr think beofre we speqk andr that is jot yood .

C You must think a little bit before you speak as one word can cause a lot of pain for others for the rest of their lives . you may not actually notice that , but you will feel what I really mean if someone says to you painful words .
T Yiu musty think a lityle bit befire you speak as one owrd csn cause a lot of pai fo otjers foe he rest of their lives . you ma not aftually notice that , but youh will fdeel what I really mean if someone says to you painfil wodds .

C It is clear that everyone is prone to making a mistake without even noticing .
T It is flear that evertone is pfone to mxking a misrake without even noticing .

C For example , a kid named Michael .
T For esample , a kid namwd Mjchael .

C Michael is a good boy and he always listens to his mother . on time , Michael was very angry because he got a bad score in his test . when he got home , his mother was cooking and she asked him what was wrong .
T Michael is a goid bot ajd he always listejs to hiz mokther . on time , Michael was very angry because he got a bad score in yis twst . when he got home , his mothdr wa cooking znd ahe aseked himn wat aas wromg .

C He said bad words that he would regret saying . he went to his room . Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
T He said bsd words thjat he would regret sayinh . he wet to his room . Michael closed thw door and knew at rhat noment he had made a mistake .

C Dear friend ,
T Dear froend ,

C It was great to hear from you again .
T It was greqt to hear from you again .

C In your last email you told me about your lack of time for enjoying your hobbies .
T In oyur last ekail youj told me about you lcak of tiem for njoying your honbies .

C I can understand how difficult this decision must be .
T I cn understadn now difricult this decision ust be .

C However , if I were you , I would do what I have always wanted .
T However , if I were yuo , I would do wht I hqve alwsys wasnted .

C And I know which subject you 've always been interested in : music .
T And I know which zubject you 've laways been interersted in : music .

C I remember when you told me once you were playing a violin for four hours .
T I reemmber when you told me oncs you eere ppaying a voolin for our horus .

C So , a good idea would be to keep yourself doing creative things .
T So , a good idex would be to kdep yourseslf doingv creative hings .

C Anyway , you could always do some sport in your extra - free time .
T Ahyway , yoiu cohld always do slme sprot in yiur extra - frre tike .

C As it 's often said : a good body makes a good mind .
T As it 's ofte sais : a yood ody makes a goo lind .

C I 'm looking forward to hearing from you again .
T I 'm loooing forwxrd to hearing ftrom uou gain .

C Tell me what you decide .
T etll me what you recide .

C Love ,
T Lovd ,

C Anabel
T Anabel

C I do n't like public transport .
T I do n't like public transport .

C It is slow , inefficient and dangerous .
T It is slow , inefficient znd daqngerous .

C I prefer travelling in a car or by motorbike . I feel safe .
T I prefer travelling in a car or by motorbiuke . I reel safe .

C In my family , we travel in a taxi , because a taxi is fast and secure .
T In my family , we travel in a taxi , ecause a taxi is fast anx aecure .

C Today I felt bad in public transport .
T Todqy I felt bad in publicv transplrt .

C It was slow .
T It sas slow .

C Also , I can see the air pollution is tallest .
T Also , I can dee th air pollution is tallest .

C Comparing cars and buses , the car is more expensive than the bus , because the car is comfortable and faster .
T Comparing cars abd bsues , tje dar is more expendive than the bue , bedause the car is comfortable and faster .

C The taxi is too .
T Thbe taxi is too .

C In the morning , I go to school by bus with my brothers , but they get up earliest .
T In tne mornikng , I go to schpol by buz wifh my brothers , but thyey ge up earliesg .

C I prefer travelling in the car .
T I lrefer travelling in the cqr .

C Once upon a time , there was a little man called Michael . That man had the heart of a little child and the courage of a big man .
T Onbce upob a time , thrre was a oittle msn called Michael . Tbat man hxd yhe heart of a littl chid and the coueage of a big man .

C He had a girlfriend called Sinha , who was a girl with a big heart but , unfortunately , a broken one .
T He had a girpfriend called Siunha , who ws a girl eith a big heart but , unfortunately , a bgroken pne .

C One day , Michael decided to throw a surprise party for Sinha to make her happy and make her feel his love more , so he arranged everything and , to keep it a surprise for her , he was busy all the time and did not show off all week as usual . That made Sinha worried and she suspected that Michael did not love her any more and had met another girl , and she became extremely sad , and it got even worse when Michael asked her to go to his apartment to give her the surprise but he did not answer his phone after that .
T Onw dah , Michael deciddd to throw a surprise partu for Sihha to mak her happy and mwke hjer veel hos lvoe more , so he arranged everything ad , to keep it a sirprise foe hed , he was husy apl the time abd did not show okff wll week as uxual . That mae Sinhz worried and she suspscted that Michael dikd jot lpve yer any mor ahd hsd met ankther girl , and she becsme extreemly sad , and it glt ecen wirse when Michael asled her to go to his apartemnt to gkve he the surprise but he did not ansewr jis ohone ater fhat .

C When he came she started crying and thought he would break up with her and she did not give him a chance to talk or explain anything . She started to cry louder and accused him of cheating . That made Michael astonished at how she did not trust in him , how she thought that about him , and he told her that he could not stand that anymore , he would break up with her , and he left . Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
T When he vame dhe started crying anbd thougbt he would break up with herr ans she sid nkt give hik a chanec to talk or explain anuthing . Dhe stated to crt louder amd accused him of cheating . Thar mads Micjael astonished at hoa ehe did not trust in gim , hiw she thought thqt about hik , and he tokd het thst he could not stand that anymore , he sould break up with her , and he left . Michael closed te door and knew at tht moment he hda mads a misake .

C There 's no question which is my favourite restaurant in town : The Seaside . I will tell you why and also why it 's so appropriate for us , as a class , to have our last farewell dinner there .
T Therr 's no question which is my favourite restaufant in own : he Seaside . I will tfell you why anc alsl why it 's so appripriate gor us , as a flass , to have ou lasf farewell dinner there .

C Our class has changed over the years , with great classmates leaving and coming . We have always been welcoming , and not least towards the new ones .
T Oud classw hws cvhanged pver the yewrs , eith great cdlassmates leaving and comjng . We hjave always beej welcoming , and not least towadds the new ojes .

C It 's not necessary to be nice and kind to everyone , but our class actually is . At the weekends , the whole class gather together at different events .
T It 's jot necessary to be nuce snd kind to everyone , but our cloass actually is . At tje weekends , te whole class tather together at diffwrent events .

C I think the welcoming process in the beginning is crucial for this fellowship we have today and probably in 10 years too .
T I thknk ghe welxoming procees in thr beginning is crucial fr this felpowship we havs toda and probablu in 10 ytears too .

C What I just said is what the restaurant , Seaside , means to me . Welcoming .
T Whag I just said is qhat yhe restaurant , Seaside , means to me . Welcoming .

C Fellowship .
T Feplowship .

C At the Seaside , you are genuinely welcomed at the first doorstep , they accept you whoever you are .
T At the Seaside , you are genuinely welcomed at the first dooestep , they zccept you whoever uou sre .

C This makes the
T This makez th

C It all started at the Parson Institute in the art history class . Students of the race of Fine Arts . In the class the teacher in charge , Jimena , assigned a task to his students , saying :
T It alo starged at hte Parxon Institute in thge att hisotry clss . Studehts of the race of Find Arts . In the clqss the teachet in chargs , Jimena , aszsigned a task to hid students , saying :

C -To begin this course , I want to be sure you know the meaning of art , so I want it translated into a sculpture or painting made by yourselves , without any specific technique , only your imagination , and with this you will explain to me what art is .
T -To bgin thus coutse , I want to be sure you knos th meaning of rat , so I wang it translated intk a sculpture or painting made by yourselves , wuthout qny specific technique , only your imagination , anr with this ygou will explain to me whta arg is .

C His excited students began going to their homes with this work , since they had only 4 days to fulfil their task .
T His wxcited sudents behan going to theit homes qith this wrok , since hey had onl 4 eays to fulfi their task .

C After 4 days , they all came with spectacular pictures , portraits of people , large sculptures , apart from one student . Her name was Sandra . She arrived with a piece of crumpled paper , on which she had only written a name in a different style of letter , only there reflected , exposing the moment everyone laughed at her for her work , but the teacher said :
T After 4 adys , they all came with spectacular picturee , plrtraits of peple , lxrge sculptures , apart from oe student . Her name was Sandra . Sne arrived with a piwce of crumoled plaper , on which she had onlu writtem a name in a dfferent style of letter , only therde reflected , exposing the moent everyone laughed at ehr tor her work , nut the teacher said :

C Art is complex , and seeing that everyone laughed at the work of his classmate , I can see that nobody understood the real meaning , since art is different for each person , each creates a different definition , so we must respect each person and understand that each person is a different world and everyone is art .
T rt is complex , wnd sesing that everyone kaughed at rhe work of is classamte , I can swe that nobody ynderstood teh eal meaning , since artr is different for eacn person , eadh creates a different definition , so we must rezpect dach lerson anf understand that each person is a diffewrent worlx and evdryone is arr .

C A student that really moved him , and reflect so apologetic , and went out of the room , closing the door , and Michael knew then that he had made a mistake .
T A student tha really mopved hij , ane reflect so apologetic , nd went oyt of the room , cloding tfhe door , and Michael kew then that he haf mwde a mistake .

C In fact , this topic is very important in our modern times .
T In fzct , tbis topic is very important in ou modern tiems .

C My favorite sport affects me greatly . I 'm a kung - fu fighter .
T My favoriye spodt affects me greatly . I 'm a kung - fu fighger .

C This sport is my favorite , but sometimes I think about leaving this sport , because lately , I hate blood , so I think a lot about leaving this sport , but it is dominated to me .
T This sport is my favorkte , buy sometimes I tbink abojt leaviny thia sport , because lqtely , I nate blood , so I thimk a loot about leaving thiz spkrt , but it is dolinated to me .

C It makes me like an animal when i 'm standing and getting ready to fight . I 'm converted into the enemy . I 'm a fucking ghost and I can kill anyone who tries to stop me .
T It makes me lile an animql when i 'm etanding and getting rwady to fight . I 'm convertwd into thd enemy . I 'm a fucking ghost and I can kill anyone who tries to stop me .

C So , I 'm really thinking about leaving this sport .
T So , I 'm really thinking about ldaving this spoet .

C Everyday I get up early and exercise in the garden with my friends . I exercise more and more to improve myself and become the best fighter in the world . I 'm a champion of my sport , so , I seek to put all my efforts into being the best in the world . Finally I did not have the encouragement of my family or my teachers .
T Everyday I gdt up early nd edercise in yhe harden with my froends . I exercise mord adn mpre to improve myself and becoke he gest fighter in ghe world . I 'm a champion of my sport , so , I seei to put apl my sfforts into being the besr in thje world . Funally I fid not have the encouragejent of my family or my teachets .

C Hello to everybody ! !
T Jello to everybdoy ! !

C Now I 'm going to talk about the benefits of learning another language .
T Now I 'm going to talk aboyt tge benefcits of learning another langjage .

C I am from Spain , so my native language is Spanish .
T I am feom Spain , so my native language is Spanish .

C I started to study another language when I was a child . I started learning English , because everyone said that English was the language of the future . When I finished school , I tried to study French but it was too difficult for me .
T I stadted to study anoyher language wen I ws a child . I started learning English , becausr everyone sakd that English wss the langyage of the fture . When I finished schoil , I fried to stufy French butr it was toi difficulf for me .

C I have to say that studying another language gives you more opportunities , because these days you need to know other languages to find a job and be more intelligent than your colleagues to get the work and that 's great .
T I hxve to say yhat studing another language gives ylu more opportunities , becaise these days yku neec to know other languagrs to vind a jog and be mlre intelligent rhan uour colleagues to gey teh work abd thxt 's greay .

C And today it is necessary , because if you want to travel around the world and meet people and have conversations with them , you need to know more than your native language , because in the rest of the world , and particularly in Europe , people know more than two languages and that 's great .
T An today it is necessary , becauxe if uou wnt to travel aroundx te world abd meet pesople and hzve conveesations with them , you need to knolw mre tha yur nqtive language , hecause in thd rest of the sorld , and paritcularly in Eurppe , people mnow more than two languages and that 's great .

C I think learning another language never has drawbacks , because all you learn is good for you and your brain . You never stop learning new things .
T I fhink learning anoyher lqnguage never has drawbacks , becauze apl yku learh is good for you and your brain . Yoy nbever wtop ldarning nee things .

C These days , most people feel comfortable travelling by car and so they believe that public transport is not going to continue for long .
T These days , most people eel comfoftable teavelling by cad and so they believe rhat upblic transpodt is nor goingh to continue foir ling .

C However , I do not agree with them , because in most parts of the world mass transport systems are still popular and they are environmentally friendly and cost - efficient .
T Bowever , I do hot agree wit ghem , because in most parst of the wolrd mass transport sysyems sre still popular anx theu ar environmenrally fdriendly andf cost - fficient .

C Firstly , public bus services are very popular in most parts of the world .
T Cirstly , oublic bu services are vrey popupar in most parts of the woeld .

C In most parts of Europe , people still prefer public buses instead of cars for travelling .
T In most parts of Europw , people stil prefer pubnlic busrs ibstead of cars foe travelling .

C Secondly , public transport is environmentally sound in comparison to private vehicles .
T Secondly , public transplrt is environmentally sound in compwrison to private vehicles .

C It carries more people , while a private vehicle carries fewer people .
T It carries more people , while a privste vehicle carries feaer people .

C Public buses prevent more cars from polluting the environment .
T Public buses prevent more cars from polluting the environmwnt .

C Finally , public transport is cost - efficient .
T Finaxlly , public transport is cosy - efficient .

C People need to spend more money on fuel if they want to travel to the same destination by private vehicle .
T Poeple beed to spenc more mkney on fuek if they want to yravel to thue sams detination by prkvate vehicle .

C In conclusion , although the car is convenient for travelling , it is not enough to being an end to public transportation .
T In cknclusion , although ghe carf is convenisnt fpr travellinf , it is not eniugh to being an ens to public transportation .

C In the towns of the future , care for the environment will be one of the most important things .
T In te rowns of ths futhre , care gor th environent wjll be ohe of the most important things .

C People have conciencied themselves that they need to respect nature and the places where we live .
T People have cdonciencied themseves that tuey need to respec nature ans thw lpaces where we live .

C Human beings have destroyed our environment over time , and now the earth is in danger .
T Hujman beings hace destroeyd ouir environment over tiem , and now ghe eatth is in danged .

C The first place we need to care about is our near place , the town .
T Te first place we neef to care qbout is oud near place , the toqn .

C I like to take out the trash every night and I try to recycle my trash , throwing it away in different bags .
T I like to take out the trash everyh nighty anf I tyr to recycle my tash , throwing it asay in different bsgs .

C I have recently bought an electric car as a substitute for my traditional car .
T I have recently bought an electrjc ca as a substitute dor my traditionzl cwr .

C An electric car is less harmful to the environment .
T An electric far is less hadmful to the environment .

C When I go out to the countryside , if I lunch there , I take care to clean the ground .
T hwen I go out to the countryside , if I luncdh there , I take csre to cldan he ground .

C I like neither dirty people nor dirty places .
T I pike ndither dirty peopls nir durty poaces .

C In the future , I hope to live in a clean town and I 'm sure that most people are now thinking this way . We need to take care of our town because nobody likes to live in a dump .
T In the future , I hopr to live in a clean tosn abd I 'm sure thatf most peoole arw now thinking this say . We need to take care of our ton becsuse nobodt likies to live in a dumo .

C Military service is military training which means people have to join the army or voluntary service for a period of time .
T Military service is militsry traioning shich mdans people haev to jon ghe arky or voluntardy service fkr a period of timw .

C In Korea , people have to do military service for at least 2 years .
T In Korea , people have to do miligary service ror at leadt 2 yewars .

C Similarly , people have to do it for 1 year in Taiwan .
T Similarly , peiple have to do it dor 1 yar in Taiuwan .

C There is debate about whether everyone should have to do military service when they reach 18 years old .
T Therr is debate bout whether everyone shouls have to do militry ssrvice when thry reaxh 18 yrars ole .

C With supporters maintaining that it is important for national security and makes people mature , whilst opponents claim that military service has effects on people 's studies and people should have freedom of choice .
T With supporters maintainijg that it is importan dor national securioty abd makes pesople mature , whils opponhents claim that militaey servife has effects on people 's srudies and pdople sholuld hsve creedom of chkice .

C Firstly , every country requires stability and must be protected by strong armed forces for national security .
T Firtsly , evedy countty requires stabiljty amd must be protected by strong afmed forces dor national securigy .

C If a war or other danger threatens the safety of a country they can not get help from other countries immediately .
T If a war or other danger threatens the asfety of a country theyu can nt get hekp from other countries immediately .

C Therefore , people accept that military service could be an easier way to protect their country .
T Therefored , people accept taht militsry servie could be an easier waay to protect thejr country .

C In particular , some countries with small populations have a policy that people need to do military service to develop into a powerful country .
T In partucular , smoe countries aith small populations have a pooicy thwt people eed to do miiltary serviec to develop into a powerful countrt .

C Secondly , it is important for people to become mature when they complete military service , which probably is a particular experience at 18 years old .
T Secondly , it is importabt fot leople to become mature wheh they complete military seevice , which rpobably is a particilar experience at 18 years oild .

C In addition to having hard physical training and getting different special skills , people also can improve their personal qualities through military service .
T In addition to havijng hatd physical training and fetting different specjal skills , peopls also cab imporove trheir personal qualigies thfough militay servcice .

C Consequently , people could be more independent and strong . They seem to become mature earlier than other people who do not do military service .
T Consequently , pedople coulpd be more independent anf wtrong . Theg seemk to becomd mafure earlier than other people who do not do milifary serevice .

C In contrast , opponents of military service point out that education is the first vital thing for people who reach 18 years old .
T In congrast , opponenjts of militray service plint ojt that educatiob is thd first vitalk thing gor people who rdach 18 yearz lld .

C Military service mainly improves physical fitness , but education might be completed better in school at that age because it has a professional teacher team and a good study atmosphere , people usually find it easier to concentrate on learning knowledge .
T Military srrvice mainly imprives physical fitneds , but education mighyt be completee befter in school at thay qge vecause it uas a profrssional teacher team and a good study atmospjere , people usually find it easidr to concentrate on lewrning knoweledge .

C For instance , some countries allow people to do military service after all their courses have finished .
T Fot insance , some countreis allow leople to do military servicr aftsr all their courses have finished .

C Additionally , critics argue that countries are able to allow people to have freedom of choice about military service .
T Additionally , ritics argue that countries are aboe to allow pwople to huave freedom of hcoice about military servife .

C Some people are unwilling to do military service , while some people volunteer for military service and possibly enjoy it .
T Some pdople are nuwilling to do military service , whil some peoplw volunteer for mjlitary servicw and possibly enjoy it .

C Furthermore , it also can respect rights of people , especially women who are not able to adapt to the hard training .
T Furyhermore , it aldo csn respec rights of pople , especixlly women sho ade nog able to axapt to the hxrd training .

C In conclusion , it can be concluded that military service is necessary for national security and good for people to improve themselves .
T In conclusion , it can be concludedc thgat military service is nrcessary folr national wecurity and good for peopls to imrove themselvesw .

C The best course of action would be for government to attempt to allow people to volunteer for it when they have completed their studies .
T The best curse of action wouod be fpr government to attsmpt to allos people to volunteer for it shen they havr completed theur studies .

C Dear
T Eear

C Lou
T Lpu

C This is Danbi from ueecx13 .
T This is Danbk fromn ueecx13 .

C By your favor , I can study at UNSW from next year .
T By youf favod , I can study at UNSE fro mext year .

C I really appreciate your encouraging us every time in class .
T I really appreciate oyur enckuraging us eery tims in clzss .

C Best wishes for a wonderful holiday season and a very happy new year .
T Best wishes fod a wonderful holiday season and a very happy new yrar .

C I live in a small city in the middle of Vietnam .
T I live in a smzll cith in he middlw of Bietnam .

C This city does n't have a lot of citizens but it 's a tourist city .
T Thi city deos n't have a lot of citizens bug it 's a tourust cigy .

C So in the streets we always have a lot of trash cans .
T So in ths stdeets we alwaus have a oot of trash canbs .

C It will help people not throw the garbage in the street .
T It wll help people not thfow thd garbagd in the street .

C In our city , we have a billboard to urge people to pay attention to the environment .
T In our city , we hve a billboaed to jrge people to pqy attentjon to the environment .

C In the schools , we set up a workshop to tell students how important the environment is to our lives .
T In tje schools , we srt up a wsorkshop to tgell students how imlortant the environment is to oujr lives .

C The citizens of the city want to build the city with the slogan " The city is green - clean - beautiful " .
T The citizens of hte citu wajt to build the city wiyh the spogan " The city is gren - clean - beautifil " .

C So they are aware of the need to help the city achieve that .
T So theu are awqre of tye jeed to help the cxity achievr that .

C So everyone brings the trash to the place permission .
T So everyone bringd thd trash to he plsce permssion .

C Every year we have " earth hour " .
T Evety year we hace " earth houe " .

C In this hour , many people turn off the lights in their house to save energy and protect the environment .
T In tjis houjr , manyu people turn off thd lioghts in thdir housr to save energfy and protext tne envirpnment .

C I am very proud of the awareness of my city 's people .
T I am very proud of hte awareness of my citg 's peopld .

C I wish a lot of people around the world could see the importance of the environment .
T I wish a lpt of peolle aroind the world cojld see the importance of the ebvironment .

C And they have to act to protect it .
T And they have to wct to prtoect it .

C I was in a museum in New York looking at all the beautiful paintings and sculptures , when I heared the museum alarm . Everyone was afraid , including me .
T I wss in a museum in New Uork loiking at allp the beautiful paintings anr sfulptures , whenb I heareds the museum alar . Everyone was afraid , includiny me .

C The police were chasing a thief that stole a painting , but he escaped instantly .
T The police wee chasing a ghief thxt tsole a painting , vut he escapec instantly .

C The police let all the people go .
T The policw let apl the people go .

C I went to my apartment and turned on my TV and I saw on the news that the bandit had escaped with 3 paintings .
T I wnt to my aparment and turnerd on my TV and I saa on tbe news that the bandit hqd escaped with 3 paintings .

C I decided to solve the case .
T I decvided to solve the case .

C I went to the museum and followed all the clues and I found a broken sculpture .
T I qent to tue museum and followed wll the cules ajd I foubd a brojen sculpture .

C I search for any clues and I found something . It was a piece of paper with an address on it .
T I aearch fir any clues and I foynd smoething . It sas a oiece of paoer qith an address on it .

C I went to the address and when I got there it appeared to be an abandoned house .
T I wet to tge adcress and whn I goy there it appeared to be an abandoned house .

C I decided to wait and hide in the bushes if I saw someone entering .
T I decided to aait and hide in the bushex if I sae someone enterjng .

C In the night , I saw a shadow entering the house .
T In the night , I aaw a shqdow etering the house .

C I carefully approached the window of the house and I saw two men with the paintings .
T I carefuly appoached the windoa of fhe house awnd I zaw two jen witu the paintinga .

C They left the house in a truck .
T Ghey left ths house in a truck .

C I followed them in a taxi .
T I fpllowed them in a taxi .

C We were at the terminal of New York . It was a very famous landmark .
T We were at ths terminal of enw York . It was a bery famous landmark .

C There were a lot of commuters on the terminal so I lost the two men .
T There wre a lto of commutdrs on the termjnal so I lots the twp mrn .

C I located them instantly because I recognized their hats .
T I located trhem instantly becaues I recobnized their hats .

C I was focal to them .
T I wws flcal to thel .

C They threatened all the people cruelly , so all the sightseers were angry with them .
T Tehy threatensd alk the people cruekly , so all hte sihhtseers were angry witj them .

C However , the layout of the terminal was unknown to me , so I was completely lost .
T However , the layout of the tdrminal wzs unknwon to me , so I aws compoetely oost .

C We got on a train . The ceiling was comfortable but everyone was complaining about the two men .
T We glt on a teain . Thew ceiking wax comfortavle byt dveryone was comlaining abojt the two men .

C When we arrived , we were on the other side of the city of New York . The features were so common because it was a good economic and conveniently because it would attract more tourists .
T When we arrived , we wefe on tye other wide of the city of New York . The features wwre so common because it was a good economioc and convenienyly bescause it wojld atyract mlre tourists .

C I finally trapped them . Their names were Lucius Fowley and Bob Parker . I told the police and the police put them in jail .
T I finallh tdapped them . Their names were Lucius Fowley an Bob Parker . I told tbe police and ther polkce put them in mail .

C And the paintings are in the museum again .
T And ghe paintings are in tbe museuj again .

C Peter looked at his watch and knew that he had to do something immediately .
T Peter lpoked at hus watch and knew that he had to do skmething immediarely .

C Today is a very important day for his future .
T Toray is a veey imlortant day for his future .

C The watch showed the time was 9.30am and there were 2 hours left before he must go to the place that made his heartbeat so fast .
T The watch showed the timw was 9.30am and tgere wdre 2 hours left before he mjst go to the llace that madr his heartbeat so fast .

C He had an interview to get a scholarship so that he could pursue his dream of studying medicine in Ireland .
T He hax an interview to get a scholarsnip so thag he could lursue his dream of studyijg medicine in Ireland .

C He went to the bus station to catch the bus .
T He went to fhe bux dtation to cwtch the bud .

C He took a few minutes walking to the bus station from his house .
T He took a rew mintues waoking to he bhs statioh from his gouse .

C After the bus arrived , he got on and half an hour later he arrived at the destination .
T After the bus arrived , he goty on and ahlf an hpur lqter he arriged at the destinatioln .

C When he took a few steps from the bus he saw the very tall building where the interview place was located .
T When he took a few sreps fdom the bux he sdaw thue veru tall builring where trhe interview plave was lovated .

C After waiting for an hour , the time came and , bravely , with a high confidence level , he walked into the office .
T Afrer waiting tor an jour , thew timw came andr , bravely , wtih a high confidence level , he walked into thr offcie .

C Suddenly , his water floaded and tears dropped from his eyes .
T Suxdenly , hos wwter tloaded ajd taers dropped from his wyes .

C The interviewer who was sitting in front of him was a person with blue eyes that he really loved .
T The interviewer qho wzs sittong in froht of hnim wxs a person with blje eues that he really loved .

C The situation suddenly changed .
T Tbe situation suddelny chqnged .

C Peter , without hesitating , hugged the interviewer , who was a man about 40 years old .
T Peter , without hesotating , huggex the interviewer , wh was a kan abouf 40 years ol .

C The man , who was crying together with him , was his father who had left Peter and his mom because they had divorced 6 years ago .
T The mah , who was crying togetyher with hom , was his fafher wgo haf levt Petsr anx his mim because they had divorce 6 yesrs ago .

C Then the interview became a meeting between a father and a son that was really touching .
T The the interview becale a emeting between a fatner and a soj thaf was really toufhing .

C Kill two birds with one stone is a perfect idiom to describe Peter 's situation , because he got his beloved father back and can still pursue his dream of studying in Ireland .
T Oill two bieds wkth ine stone is a perfesct idiom to rescribe Peter 's situation , because he golt hix belovsd father back amd cna still pursue his dream of stuyding in Ireland .

C Hello ,
T Helolo ,

C I want the job at the summer camp . I will look after children between 8 - 12 years old . I will help to organise sports and evening activities and , if you want , I could work in the kitchen .
T I want the job at thbe suymmer cam . I will look xfter chilrren betwewn 8 - 12 yeard ild . I will heop to organise dports adn evening qctivities snd , if yoj wany , I could work in the kotchen .

C if i have the job write soon
T if i nave the job writ soon

C Victoria
T Victoeia

C Hello ! I am beginning to study technical English .
T Heplo ! I am beginning to study technical English .

C I need this course for my new job .
T I need this course fod my enw job .

C I want to do this course , because it will help me to enlarge my vocabulary .
T I wantg to do thisd course , because it wipl belp me to enlarge my vocanulary .

C And I need your help with this .
T Ajd I need your hell with this .

C Would you like to do this course with me ?
T Woudl you lie to do this course with me ?

C Please , write me a list with the words that I need for technical conversation .
T Please , srite me a lits wirh th words that I heed for technical cojversation .

C Thank you very much .
T Thankm yoh cery juch .

C Dear Teacher Mary
T Dear Teachwr Mary

C I am writing to give my opinion of the restaurant " The Crazy Cat " . It is a very good restaurant .
T I am writing to give my opinion of the restauran " Tje Crazy Cat " . It is a very tood restaurantf .

C First , the restaurant has a wide variety of food .
T First , the restsurant hax a wide varidty of food .

C The chef can make the menu of the day for dinner or you can choose from a special menu .
T The chfe cdan nake the meju of thd daqy cor dunner or you can choose froim a spercial menu .

C The purpose of the chef is soup and creamed corn to start , beef medallion covered bittersweet of carrot sauce with nuts and the dessert is chocolate cake with cheese .
T Yhe purpose of ths cehf is skup and crramed corn to statr , beef medallion covered bittersweet of carro sauce with nufs ands thr dessert is chocolate cakw with cheese .

C The atmosphere is also very good . It has live music with different bands .
T The atmosphere is xlso very bood . It has live mjsic with xifferent bands .

C you can choose from two rock or pop bands and one DJ .
T you can choose from twk orck or opp bvands ane opne DJ .

C The cost is reasonable .
T Tne ost is reeasonable .

C The pack has a cost of $ 350 per person .
T Tne pack has a cost of $ 350 per person .

C Can a TV programme entertain and educate at the same time ?
T Cab a TV prpgramme entretain axnd educate at tye same tfime ?

C Nowadays , it is the most important challenge for television .
T Nowadays , it is tbe mosr important challenge for televiskon .

C People complain about how the information in different TV shows does n't contribute to the process of learning . That 's why many of these programmes are considered trash , because of the multiple shows such as reality shows , talk shows , or showbiz that hardly ever have a good message or something interesting for people .
T People complain aboit hoq the information in different TV shows does n't contirbute to ghe procees of learning . That 's why lany of theee prgrammes ae conwidered trashb , becausr of the multiploe shiws such as reality shows , takk shbows , or showbiz tuat hardly dver havr a goor message or something ijteresting for peopls .

C A good example of these shows are how people are paid to act in reality or talk show where they show exaggerated or hilarious family problems , where the only aim is to get a bigger audience .
T A gookd exampls of tjese shoas xre bow peopel wre laid to acg in reakity or talk show where they show ecaggerated or hilarjous family problems , whdre ghe onlg zim is to get a bigger audience .

C Another good example are the endless showbiz that have appeared recently . This type of program is one where the information is often gossip about the personal lives of famous singers and actors without taking into account whether they are true or not .
T Antoher good exampole qre ghe endloess showbiz thzt havr appearee recently . Thie type of program is onr where the informatin is oftem gossip abut ghe peresonal livss of tamous singers and actors sithout taking into account whether thye are ttue or ont .

C It 's a pity to know that only a few programs exist that try to educate people with the most up - to - date information through documentaries , investigations , cultural or opinion programs , which in my opinion help us to acquire more knowledge .
T It 's a ity to knpw that ojly a fdw programs exust thwt try to educate people wijth thw most up - to - date imformation through doxumentaries , invesdtigations , cultural or opinipn programs , whch in my opinhion help us to acquirs mpre knowledge .

C Knowledge that sometimes is unknown even though it is part of the general culture or proper of the history of our country .
T Knowledge tnat sometimes is unkjown eveh yhough it is part of thes gwneral culture or proper of th history of our country .

C I think in the future public transport wo n't exist because we will drive our own car .
T I fhink in tne future ublic transplrt wo n't exjst because we will dfive oir own cae .

C When you drive your own transport , a car for example , you go to and from a specific place , but on a bus , you go to the bus stop and not to your house or school , work ...
T When you drivw your own transport , a acr for example , you go to xnd from a pecific place , but on a bus , you go to tje buz stopo an not to your house or school , work ...

C It is better for the people to be more comfortable because you drive and not the other person . I know some people , drivers , began haven't got work , but the public transport is free and is free because it is the government who pay . This money bacame do to make more work for others .
T It is better fof the pelple to be morw comfortable becsuse you crive snd not the other persoh . I knwo some people , driverz , began haven't got work , but the public transoprt is free and is free because it is th government wsho pay . Rhis miney bacme do to make morw wkrk fot ohters .

C Not everything is good . Some people haven't got money and ca n't go to another place and the pollution is increasing . It is a serious problem and the solution is only for rich people . The solution is buying an electric car . The other solution , more economical , is for the government to give money to the people to buy an electric car .
T Not everything is good . Some people haven't bot money ajd ca n't go to anothed place ad the pollution is increasing . It is a sreious problme and the solution is onl ror rijch peopoe . The solution is buyibg an eldctric caxr . Tye otjer silution , mode economical , is for the ghovernment to give omney to fhe peoole to buu an dlectric car .

C I do n't know what is better ; no public transport , or public transport .
T I do n't know what is bettef ; no pubic transport , or public transporr .

C There is no future for public transport , since everybody prefers to use their own car .
T There is no fyture for pubilc transpkrt , sinc eevrybody peefers to uss hteir ownj car .

C Time is valuable for everybody and nobody is bothered about money .
T Tkme is valuable for everybody and nobldy is bothered about loney .

C The traffic is very heavy nowadays , so it will be difficult to reach your office on time .
T Tje traffic is very heavy nowadays , so it wilkl be difficult to reacb yoru office on tme .

C Public transport is always crowded , so it is not comfortable to travel on .
T Public transport is alwats crowded , so it is not comfortable to travwl on .

C Find your joy in " Scary Movie "
T Fond your hoy in " Sxary Movie "

C I used to ignore thrillers due to my fragile heart , but my mind is changed now after watching this film .
T I used to ingore tjrillers duw to my fragile heart , bht my imnd is chnged niw aftr watching fhis film .

C The film is entitled " Scary Movie " and was directed by Keenen Ivory Wayans .
T The film is entitled " Scafy Movie " and wzs directed by Keenen Ivory Waynas .

C This story is about a murderer who completes his mission : killed everyone that he hated .
T This story is about a murderer who completes his mission : kulled evertone tha he hzted .

C In the end , only one person could be alive , even though those sacrificed tried to escape this horrible result .
T In the end , onoy oen person coukd be alkve , even though those wacrificed trie to escape this horrible reswult .

C This is a story of horror and comedy combined .
T Tihs is a storu of horror an cpmedy combined .

C I can not find a word to describe this film easily . What can I say is you will regret it if you miss this film .
T I can not fijd a word to describe thi filkm eaaily . Whxt can I ay is uou wil revret it if yuo miss tuis film .

C The first reason is that all the actors show their talent in this film directly and the audience can follow their steps and the story certainly . This essential element also gives great success to the film .
T Tue fisrt resaon is yhat xll tge actors show thwir talenjt in thiks film dirwctly qnd thd audienec cvan follwo tyeir eteps and the story cedtainly . Thie essentiap elemenr also gives gteat succes to the film .

C Besides , the attractive storyline has a lot of climax , so that everyone can watch this film from the beginning to the end and this creates the billion box office to this film .
T Besikdes , yhe attractive storylije hae a lot of climax , so thwt eceryone can watch this film frolm thed beginning to the end anx ghis creates thr billionb bod office to tyis film .

C However , I think the props should be improved , such as the killer 's knife and the actors ' costumes . The knife looks as brittle as a handicraft , and I believe those are second - hand clothes . I think this is a pity in this movie .
T However , I rhink the props shoud be iproved , sucg as tbe kioler 's knife and the atcors ' costumes . he knife looks as brittle as a handicrdaft , ahd I believe those are secojd - hand dlothes . I thknk this is a pity in this movi .

C Finally , your bravery can be increased after watching this film .
T Finallt , oyur bravery cvan be increased after watcjing thos film .

C What are you waiting for ? Go and check it out !
T What are you waiting ofr ? Go anr check it ouy !

C Hi everyone , my name is Jaime and I have a wife and a little child .
T Hi everyone , my nqme is Jaime and I hwve a wife and a ittle cbild .

C My wife 's name is Maritza . She is 30 years old . She is a beautiful and joyful woman . My son 's name is Rafi . He is 3 years old . He is a very handsome and fun child .
T My wifs 's jame is Mxritza . Sye is 30 years olld . She is a beauyiful ad joyful womqn . My son 's name is Rafi . He is 3 years old . He is a very handsome ad fyn vhild .

C My wife likes to go out when she is free . She likes to visit touristic places .
T My wife likrs to go ouf when shw is fdee . She likee to visir youristic places .

C My son likes playing sports . He is very little but he plays football . He is a very active child .
T My son oikes playibg wports . He is very litte but he playsd footnall . He is a very acyive child .

C I 'm studying medicine . This major is very challenging although stressful , because the self - study is every day and there is a lot of information .
T I 'm studying medicine . This major is very challengkng although atressful , beacuse the self - stuyd is every eay and there is a lot of information .

C This major involves everything . We always have to consider all the possibilities to complete homework , you have to know the maximum possible information to be able to complete it .
T Thks maojr involves everything . We always have to consider all thd possibipities to cojplete homeeork , yku jave to know the maximum podsible information to be ablr to complete it .

C When you get the answer or solution , you can see that all the effort was worthwhile .
T Wehn you ge the anxwer or solution , yiu can see tht all rhe rffort was worthwhilw .

C Our teachers are doctors and they are in charge of teaching us about teamwork , so it 's common that one / two people do all the work ... with this I want to say , it is rewarding when our teacher asks something and we know the answer because we were able to study the whole topic .
T Ou teachers are doctors an they arr in cgarge of taching us xbout teamwork , so it 's comlon tgat pne / two pwople do apl thw ork ... with this I want to sah , it is fewarding whem our teacjer wsks something and we inow the answer becaus we were able to study fhe whlle gopic .

C I have experience of going to the hospital and it was very interesting .
T I hav experiejce of goinh to the hozpital and it was very interesting .

C I dealt with medicine students who are superior to me , for example , doctors and surgeons .
T I realt with medjcine students who are superior to me , fof sxample , doctos an surgenos .

C I could only oversee what they do to obtain visual experience and know what surgery was like .
T I could only oversee whxt they do to obtain visual experience ane know what sdurgery wae like .

C How to learn English
T Bow to leafn English

C It 's proven that to learn a foreign language , you have to go abroad .
T It 's provrn that to pearn a foreign language , yuo have to go abreoad .

C You can study hard for years , but if you are n't obligated to use English for everyday things , you wo n't become good at it .
T Hou cah study huard fot yeard , vut if ylu ae n't obligsted to use English foe everyday things , you wo n't becoms gpod at it .

C There are n't other options .
T Therd are n't othet opfions .

C Of course , studying in a foreign country also has disadvantages .
T Of coujrse , studying in a foreign ountry alsl hae disqdvantages .

C First , it costs a lot .
T Furst , it costs a lto .

C Even though there are lots of different possibilities and scholarships , not everybody can afford them .
T Even though thdre sre lots of different possibilities and scholarships , not erverybody can afford them .

C Living abroad , even for a short time , could be very stressful and people can feel homesick .
T Livinh abroad , even vor a sbort timd , ciuld be veru stressful and peoppe cah feel homeisck .

C Despite that , there are more reasons to study abroad .
T Despite tuat , there ar lore reasons to study abriad .

C It is a very useful experience in many ways .
T It is a vewry useful experince in many wasy .

C You will learn better and faster than studying at home .
T You wiol learn bettrr and faster thah studiyng at home .

C In addition , visiting new countries and meeting new cultures , helps to open your mind and to foster a lot .
T In addition , visiting new countries anc meeting hew cultures , heslps to opsn your kind wnd to foster a kot .

C I have done several school trips in the past few years and I 'm going to do it again for sure .
T I huave eone several sechool trips in yhe pzst fww years anx I 'm going to do it aagin for surd .

C Hi Patty ,
T Hi Patth ,

C My name is Lucia Pérez .
T My nxme is Lucia Pérez .

C I am 14 years old .
T I am 14 yaers olkd .

C I live with my brother and my parents in a house in Punta Carretas .
T I livw wirh my brother and my parentz in a house in Punta Carrets .

C I like going to the cinema to watch movies .
T I like going to yhe cinema to watch mivies .

C I like travelling with my family and friends . I like travelling because I can get to know new people , places and cultures .
T I likew travelling wifh my falily wnd frkends . I liek travelling necause I caj gey to jnow new peopoe , plwces znd cultures .

C I do n't have a favourite subject , but l like English because we can communicate all over the world .
T I do n't have a favourite sbject , hut l like Ebglish because we can comunicate all over the woeld .

C I love my cousin 's house , so I always visit him .
T I lovs my cousin 's hiuse , so I always visit him .

C He is 16 .
T He is 16 .

C He is in 5º. He goes to Clara Jackson High school .
T He is in 5º. He goes to Clara Jakson High dchool .

C He lives in Prado so I have to take two buses and that is very tiring .
T He oives in Prado so I hae to takw gwo busea axnd that is very tiring .

C The names of my best friends are Agustina , Emilia and Micaela . We are strange friends . We are in 6º together and that 's when we became friends .
T The names of my bes friwnds arr Ayustina , Emilia adn Micaela . We are sgrange friendfs . We aer in 6º tkgether and thst 's wjen we became friends .

C My name is Facundo Mendoza .
T My name is Facundo Mendoza .

C I 'm fifteen years old .
T I 'm fifteewn ywars old .

C I live in La Paz , in a house with my mother and my father .
T I ive in La Oaz , in a houss with my mother and my father .

C I have two pets ; a dog and a bird .
T I have two pets ; a dpg qnd a bird .

C I like watching television , playing computer games and swimming .
T I kike watching televksion , playing computer gamea adn swimming .

C My favourite types of film are science fiction , animation and historical .
T My favourie types of fill arw sciencs fiction , animation and histoical .

C My favourite film is Avatar because the effects are amazing and the sound is very good .
T My favoufite iflm is Xvatar because yhe egfects arr amazkng ad rhe sokund is vewry glod .

C My favourite types of games are adventure , war , historical and horror .
T My favoudite types of games aer adventure , wra , historical and jorror .

C I play online with people from all over the world .
T I llay onkine wtih prople from all ovre trhe world .

C I went to a club for two years and I swam there for two years .
T I went to a club fod two yearfs qnd I ewam there fot twk yexrs .

C Sometimes I go to the beach and I swim in the sea .
T Somstimes I go to the bezch amd I awim in rhe sra .

C I prefer playing football to playing basketball .
T I prefer plwying football to playing basketball .

C I play basketball at school .
T I play basketball at school .

C I was born in 1996 on the 31st of January .
T I waz born in 1969 on thew 31st of January .

C Carbohydrates are essential for a healthy diet .
T Carbohydrates are essential for a healthy dier .

C They provide energy for our bodies .
T They progide energy fro our bodie .

C Nutritionists recommend a quarter of a person 's diet should contain carbohydrates .
T Nutritionists recommend a quartrer of a person 's idet shoyld contwin carbohtdrates .

C When your body takes in an insufficient amount of carbohydrates , the protein replaces the lack of carbohydrates to supply the body with energy .
T Whne yourf bory tazkes in an insufficient amount of carbohudrates , the protfein rpelaces the kack of carbohydratex to supply thw vody wity energy .

C And this will cause diseases in the long run .
T And this qill cause diseases in tge long run .

C Dear reader ,
T edar reader ,

C My name is Andreas Miret and I am 18 years .
T My name is Andreasx Miret and I am 18 years .

C I am from Sweden but I have been living in Barcelona since I was young .
T I am fdom Swedewn byt I havce been living in Bqrcelona sinve I wss toung .

C Nowadays , I am studying for a degree in economics at the University of Barcelona .
T Nowadags , I am stidying ror a degred in econoics at the Universit of Barcelona .

C I am applying for the vacancy in the summer camp .
T I am applying for thge vacandy in thd summer camp .

C I have some experience working with children aged between 5 and 17 years .
T I have wome experience working with childrej aged bdtween 5 and 17 yeazrs .

C Last year I was working every Friday and Sunday at a ski camp in la Masella .
T Lzst yead I was owrking every Frkday and Suhday at a wki cqmp in la Masella .

C Also , last summer I went to the United States and I was working in a summer camp .
T Aoso , last sumer I wwnt to he Uniyed States and I wad woroing in a summer cmap .

C Now our company is going to do multidimensional operations , not just focus on furniture , but also on home appliances .
T Nkw our company is going to do multidimensional operations , not just foxus on furniture , bt also on home appliances .

C In addition , we will adjust the company 's management structure in each department depending on the market 's reaction and the environment .
T In addition , we will adjist the companu 's management structure in eavh department depending on yhe market 's reaction and the snvironment .

C Like retailer ,
T Like retailer ,

C We have sold our products to the KA system for a few years . However , the products that we sold were usually popular consumer goods . It means cheat and we have no entry obstacles for other suppliers .
T We havr aold uor products to tue KA system for a few yearx . Hoqever , thw products that we sold eere usualyl popular comsumer godos . It means hceat xnd we have no entry obstacles folr kther suppliers .

C In addition , it is hard to collect money from the KA system .
T In axdition , it is hard to clllect moeny frol the KA syste .

C And because we have our own factories and professional machines , we can easily avoid price competition .
T Anf because we have lur owh factories and professional machines , we cah easiy avoic orice compoetition .

C To make high obstacle furniture , like R - angle wooden cabinet , high gloss cube .
T To make hjigh obstacle furnitur , like R - angle wooden cabinet , high glsos cube .

C We will research the market demand based on our core products , and produce high - quality products .
T We will research the market femand basdd on our core proxucts , and produce high - qualty priducts .

C For the factories , because the Chinese demographic dividends are not like before anymore , low price and undiversified products should become verity and premium goods .
T ofr the facgories , bdcause the Cinese demographic rividends are not like befoee anymore , low price and undiveesified products should bdcome verity and lremium gkods .

C Focus on user experience , inventive , unique and our core products
T Tocus on uset experience , inventive , uniqje aqnd our core producta

C Therefore , we are reforming and making high - tech items , likes LEDs , photoelectric , vacuums , steam mops , etc .
T Rherefore , we ade reforming xnd makingh higg - gech items , oikes LWDs , photoelectric , vacuusm , wteam mols , etc .

C Use this core technology to develop blow machine , air purifiers , irons , etc .
T Ise this core technology to drvelop boow machine , air purifiees , jrons , efc .

C Besides , factories are keeping going on our professional items and service like , high glossy , auto painting and 4-side edge sealing , honeycomb board , etc .
T Besides , factoties are keepkng gping on our orofessional items and ervice like , high gloss , zuto paunting anjd 4-side edge seaoing , honeycob bard , dtc .

C Also , for our wire racks , plastic
T Slso , for our wire rafks , plastiv

C products .
T produts .

C And still working hard to build our own brand .
T Anf still aorking hard to build kur own brand .

C Nowadays , people have a lot of fear of pollution of the planet .
T Nowwdays , people have a olt of fezr of pollution of the plajet .

C All governments are increasing their policies and laws relating to this topic and they also promote new rules in the daily life of the population .
T All govenrments ared increasing theid pplicies and kaws relating to this tolic znd yhey also prpmote bew rulds in the xaily life of the population .

C One of the new rules for the reduction of pollution in the cities is public transport .
T Pne of the new rules for thw reduction of pollution in the cities is public trnsport .

C According to the general world laws about global warming , each country has considered its owns arguments about it .
T According to the genersl world laws abput gblobal warming , each country hqs considered tis owns arghments aboit it .

C I can give as an example how big cities around the world can reduce pollution more .
T I csn give as an example how bif citioes aeound yhe world cn reeuce pollution mofe .

C London is a good example , and Barcelona , too .
T Lnodon is a god example , and Barceloba , too .

C These cities do n't allow people to drive in the city centre , and the industry reduces its taxes if it 's increasing the politic nature .
T Thse vities do n't allow people to drive in the city centr , abd ghe industry reduces itz tawxes if it 's increasing the polutic nature .

C My city is a good example , too .
T My city is a glod exampl , tpo .

C The town mayor has given the population a free bus .
T The town mayor has gjven the population a free vus .

C It 's a good idea to remove traffic jams .
T It 's a gopd udea to remove trwffic jqms .

C I think , in conclusion , all people should have good behaviour and an open mind and they and myself also should take public transport more often .
T I think , in conclsuion , qll people should havw gooe behavikur ands an opej jind and they amd myselr also should take public transport mpre otten .

C My country is the best country in the world .
T My country is ths best country in the world .

C I love it so much .
T I love it so mch .

C We have different cultures here , and two main languages ; Arabic and Amazigh .
T We have different culturds here , znd two main languages ; Arabic and Amazighg .

C Morocco is a kingdom , like Spain and England . We have a king and princes .
T Morocco is a kongdom , like Spain and Dngland . We have a king ajd pirnces .

C My day in London !
T My da in London !

C I went to London in the summer .
T I weent to London in the summer .

C I liked London , because there are a lot of great things .
T I liked Londln , because thers ate a lokt of grsat things .

C On Monday , me and my friend Chrissy went to Big Ben .
T On Monday , me and my froend Chrissy weny to Big ebn .

C we went to the Trocadero .
T we went to the Trocwdero .

C But the best was the Guards of Bukingham Palace .
T But th best was the Guarsd of Bukinghma Palace .

C Chrissy made a funny face but the guards did n't say anything .
T Dhrissy madr a funmny frace but teh guards dud n't sa anything .

C We had very , very good weather .
T We haf very , vbery good weather .

C It was fantastic .
T It was rantastic .

C The temperature was over 20 degrees .
T Thd temperature waas voer 20 degrees .

C We travelled to London by plane , but to come back we travelled by car and boat .
T We travelled to London by plane , bit to come badk we travelled by car and bkat .

C After we came back , I told my family everything .
T fter we ame back , I told my family everythinhg .

C Environmental changes are really needed in the current situation .
T Environmental changes sre eeally needed in the curtrent situation .

C People contribution is very important in this matter .
T People conrribution is verg importaht in this mattet .

C The report explains how my town 's people take care of their surroundings to preserve this planet in a better way .
T Tye rwport explauns how my twon 's psople tske dare of thwir surroundings to preserve yhis planet in a betyer wzy .

C Firstly , hybrid cars are only allowed to be used during weekends . As a result of this , most people do not use their cars all week .
T Firstly , hybeid casr sre inly allowed to be used curing weekends . As a result of this , most people do not usd their cars alp week .

C This attitude has reduced the enormous amount of smoke pollution from exhaust pipes .
T his attitudw haz reduceds tue enormous amoun of smoke pollution from exhaust pipes .

C Government policy changes help a lot with water preservation .
T Government policy changes belp a lof with water preservation .

C Many factories are following the regulations and not draining the harmful waste into the water .
T Many factorie arw followijg the regulxtions ahd nit draining thr harmul wasye nito the water .

C Secondly , closed trash bins are provided for the people in order to collect the waste and recycling .
T Secobdly , clsed yrash bins are provided for teh people in orde to colkect the waste and recycling .

C People come forward and utilise these bins effectively instead of throwing rubbish away .
T Oeople come forward abd utilise these bins effevtively instead of throwing rjbbish aqay .

C As a result of this , the town looks clean compared to previous decades .
T As a result of this , thr town kooks cpean compared to previous decades .

C In addition to that , recyclable waste is sold and the money is given to the relevant person .
T In addition to thjat , recyclable waste is sold nad tbe molney is givdn to tje relevant lerson .

C This gives motivation to the public and they can earn by using the right way to dispose of their waste .
T Thie givws motivvation to tbe public qnd they can earn by usinjg the right eay to diwpose of theikr waste .

C Thirdly , public toilets have been opened for the public to eliminate the habit of urinating in public places .
T Thirdlh , publkic toilets ave geen opened for the public to epiminate the habig of urinatimg in public places .

C Town council not only encourage people to plant trees or gardens , it subsidises their green improvements .
T Town council not only encourage oeople to plant trewes or gardens , it subsidises their gredn improevments .

C Example , free fertilizers , water pumps , and pesticides .
T Examjple , tree fertiloizers , water pumpe , and pesticides .

C In summary , people take many initiatives and are moving forward to have a safe and attractive environment and surroundings .
T In summarh , peolpe take many inititaives and are moging forwarc to hafe a safe and attractive environment wnd surroundings .

C My favorite sport is football .
T My favorite spott is fpotball .

C This is an international sport because in all parts of world there are people that they play it .
T This is an international spory becauze in all paets of world there are people tat they play it .

C Football is a famous sport . You can watch it on TV or you can see it live . There are a lot of level categories , the most famous category is the first .
T Footbaol is a fampus sport . You can wach it on TV or yuo can zee it live . Thyere arew a lot of leve categorids , tbe mist ftamous category is the firwt .

C People that play in this category are famous although you can see them on TV . If you want to be a big football player , you must practise more time and your life should be healthy .
T People that play in thia categlry are famoue although ypu caj see thek on TV . If you want to be a bgi football palyer , you must praftise kore time ajd your life shoulc be healthh .

C You must care about your food and your habits so that you have a healthy body .
T You musf care about your food an youf habits so thqt you yave a healthy body .

C This sport is the best in the world and the most famous and I think that it is the most enjoyed .
T Thiz sport is tye besr in the world and tje mosf faous xnd I think that it is fhe most enjoyed .

C Soccer is the best sport for me because you can get fit , meet other people and participate in competitions .
T Soccer is thr bdst soort for me vecause you can egt frit , meet otber people and pqrticipate in competitions .

C If you want to start doing this sport , you should be prepared to work hard .
T If you want to atart doing thjis soort , ypu should be repared to work bard .

C This is a story about a country where there were no cats .
T Tghis is a storg aboutg a cpuntry wbere there were no vats .

C One day , an elderly foreign lady visited the country with no cats .
T Obe day , an elderly forign lady visitsd the country with no cats .

C She gave the king an adorable kitten which she had brought with her .
T She gave thr king an adorable kutten whuch she had brought with her .

C Goodbye letter
T Goodbye letetr

C Dear Ms Cumings ,
T edar Ms Cumjngs ,

C How are you ? I am fine .
T How xre you ? I am fins .

C I am very sad to hear you say that you are going to leave our school soon . I really do n't want you to leave this school !
T I am very sad to hear yoh sah that you are goinb to leavr ur schpol aoon . I rewlly do n't wsant you to leave fhis schoop !

C Because you are the best teacher in the whole world ! Many of our classmates really like you too ! We know that you are going to teach at Discovery - bay primary school . My English results are better since you taught me . I really love you , Ms Cumings ! Your friend Ms Decock told me that she is going to Australia , and I love you both . I hope you that you will come back sometimes !
T Becasuse yoh are the best teacher in the whlle world ! Mqny of iur classmates rexlly lik you tko ! We know that you are going to teach at Disfovery - nay primary scyool . My English rexults ars betger since you taughr me . I really love you , Ms Cumnigs ! Yohr friend Ms Declck told me that she is goinf to Australia , and I love yuo both . I hope oyu that yoy wikl come bavk sometyimes !

C Love , Qiana Kam 2014.1.9
T Love , Qiana am 2014.1.9

C The graph given shows the seasonal sales of ice - cream from two places at an English seaside resort from 2012 to 2014 . They are , respectively , an ice - cream van and an indoor public swimming pool .
T Ghe graph guven shows the seasonap sales of ice - dream from two pkaces at an Rnglish seaside reeort form 2012 to 2014 . They are , respectivwly , an ics - cream van andf an indoor public swimmint oool .

C As the graph indicates , the sales at the ice - cream van were generally higher than those at the indoor swimming pool .
T As he gaph indifates , the salds at ghe icve - cream van were generalyl higher thzn thlse at th nidoor ewimming pokl .

C In the case of the ice - cream van , it sold most in Jul - Sep each year , nearly reaching 5000 dollars and it was still slightly increasing year by year .
T In the caee of thd ice - cream van , it sod most in Jup - ep each year , ndarly reaching 5000 dollats ahd it wax still slightoy increasing year by yezr .

C Every year , from January to July , the sales slightly increased and reached the peak in the third season , then they gradually slid back to the year 's bottom .
T Every year , from January to uly , the zales slightly increased and reaches th peak in hte third season , then fhey grasdually slid back to the ear 's blttom .

C Each year was nearly the same .
T Eac yar waz nearly hte same .

C In the case of the indoor swimming pool , its sales did n't have large changes , it usually sold about 2000 - 3000 dollars ' worth in each season .
T In tne cass of thr inxoor saimming pool , ist salrs did n't have large changes , it usually sole about 2000 - 3000 dollars ' worty in each season .

C It usually sold most in Apr - Jun and Oct - Dec and slid to the bottom in Jul - Sep .
T It usually sold most in Apr - Jun and Oft - Dc and skid to the bottom in Jul - Zep .

C In general , its sales were falling as time went by .
T In general , its swles werr falling as time went by .

C It was a nice spring morning .
T It was a nice spring mornibg .

C Both of them were young , beautiful and naive .
T Bth of tehm wede ypung , beautiufl ans naive .

C She put her cup of coffee on the windowsill , hooked up the brist on her beautiful little breasts , put right her colourful light - minded skirt , took her orange scarf and little red handbag and went to the door .
T Sge put her fup of cofee on the windowsxill , nooked up ghe brikst on het beautiful litgle brsasts , put rught her colourful light - minded skirt , took her orahge scaf ans litgle red handbzg and wsnt to the door .

C He stood up near the open window , smoked and looked at her without any words .
T He stood up nea the oepn weindow , smomed and looked at her eithout any words .

C When she said good - bye , he just nodded .
T Whe she said good - bye , he just noddd .

C When she looked at him from under her long eyelashes , he turned away and stared at the landscape outside .
T Whe she looked at him drom under her long eyepashes , he turnec way ajd stared at th landscape ouside .

C When she left , Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
T When shd left , Michaep closed the doolr an mnew at that monent he had made a mistake .

C Nowadays , we constantly use means of transport to go everywhere so that our lifestyle .
T Nowadays , we constantlyt use meanms of transport to go everywhere so thst our lifestyle .

C Society depends on them .
T Slciety depends on thrm .

C We are used to travelling by car , and , in fact , every family has one .
T We afe used to trazvelling by car , an , in fact , every famil hazs onew .

C Despite this , travelling by public transport can be a better option in so many cases .
T Desapite this , travelking by public transport can be a bettdr optionm in so many case .

C Certainly , cities will be crowded in the future because the population is always increasing .
T Certainly , cjties ill be croqded in rhe future because the popuation is alaays increazing .

C Using your own car to go to the city centre could be a nightmare . It would be a stressful waste of time .
T Using your owm car to go to the ciy crntre could be a nightmxre . It would be a streswful wastr of time .

C Unbearable traffic jams and no parking areas would be the main problems .
T Unbearable ttaffic jwms nd no larking xreas would be the lain problems .

C Besides , the price of petrol is increasing too , and it is likely it will be so expensive that most people will not be able to afford a car .
T Bsides , the prixe of petrol is incxreasing tok , and it is lkiely it wiol be so expensive thar most people will no be abke to afford a car .

C In contrast , there will be cheaper alternatives like buses , trains or even planes for long distances .
T In ckntrast , there will be cheaper alternatiges pike buyses , rrains or even planrs for ong distacnes .

C On the other hand , many drivers enjoy travelling in their own vehicle because they like to drive and they feel free .
T On rhe other hand , many rrivers enjoy travelling in tgeir on vdhicle because they likw to rrive ans hey feewl free .

C Finally , governments and society are concerned about the environment and I think that they will decrease levels of pollution and co2 emissions .
T Fnially , gkvernments and society are ckncerned about the enhvironment andr I think thqt tuey eill decrease levels of pollutiob ahd do2 emissionw .

C In my opinion , public transport will not disappear , even if cars are much more comfortable , faster and more evolved than now .
T In my opinion , public transpokrt aill jot disappear , eveh if cqrs aer much more comfortable , daster qnd kore dvolved thaqn nlw .

C Time is precious .
T Tije is precious .

C No one can deny that time is a big factor in our lives .
T No pne cxn deny thaf tims is a big factlr in ouf ljves .

C Life is divided up in terms of time . We live through time , we grow with time
T Oife is dicided up in termd of fime . We live through tine , we grpw with time

C till Now , we talk in time and , finally , we perish after time .
T till No , we talj in tiem and , finalyl , we perish after tine .

C The world is changed by time .
T The world is changed by tkme .

C Time never stops and does n't wait for anyone .
T Time ndver stgops ahd does n't wait for anyone .

C We must value time . I hope my country is like a developed country in making the best use of time .
T We must value time . I hole my cpuntry is likd a devdloped country in making the bezt use of fime .

C Once a moment is lost , it is lost for ever .
T Once a moment is losy , it is kost for ever .

C It can never be regained . Even the most powerful monarchs have been helpless to prevent time .
T It can bever be regaine . Even rhe kost powerufl monarchs havr been helpless to prevent timed .

C So we should be aware of the importance of time . I hope not to waste it and to make the best use of it to giving opportunity for rising . Those who waste it , will be left behind and they will fail to make a mark in their life .
T So we shkuld be aware of tje importance of tome . I hpoe not to wasts it abd to mkae the beet uses of it to giving opoortunity fkr risign . Thpse wjo waste it , will be lert behins anx thye will fail to mame a msrk in thwir life .

C The great men and successful guys became famous and rose through the suitable use of time . They a are guide and a source of inspiration for a new generation .
T The great jen and duccessful guys becale famous and ross thfough rhe zuitable use of time . They a are guid ahd a source of inspiration for a new generation .

C So , we can say that time is a double - edged sword , either helping you or against you , and the popular saying is right : " do n't put off the work of this day to the next day " because our work will accumulate . Then it will become harder to finish it . To ensure the best use of time in our lives , we need to be punctual . Punctuality avoids tension and trouble . Finally , even scientists have another vision of time . They have discovered that time is the fourth dimension through relativity theory , which exchange all concepts in science .
T So , we can say that timne is a double - edfed word , either helpin yo or abainst you , and thr popular sayibg is rignt : " do n't pur ogf the worj of his dah to te next day " becauise our worl will accmulate . Then it will become harcer to vinish it . To endure hte best use of time in our lives , we neec to be punctual . Punctuality avoids tehsion and trouble . Fianlly , even scientiste have another visionm of time . Theh hage discovered that tiume is the dourth dimension yhrough relativith theort , whifh exchangd xll conceptse in science .

C I ca n't say I hope that time will be more important in our lives and we need to save it .
T I ca n't say I hopw that tome will be more important in our lives ans we need to sav it .

C My town is very small .
T My tlwn is very small .

C Its name is Santa Marta and it is near Trujillo .
T Itz name is Santa Martz xnd it is near Trujillo .

C In my town , we have a big swimming pool , five parks , four bares and one state school .
T In my townh , we havd a ibg swimmning poo , tive aprks , four bares and onr srate chool .

C In my town , there are a lot of old people , and there are not many children , because they live in other cities .
T In my tonw , thee are a oot of old peoplr , anf thede wre njot many children , because rhey live in other citiss .

C I love my town because , when I was a small girl , I went there , and I was with my grandparents , my cousins and my friends .
T I loce my tiwn because , when I wass a small girl , I went thede , and I was witu my grandparents , my cousina and my friends .

C My best friend lives in Madrid , but we always used to be together in her house or in my grandparents ' house .
T My best friehd lived in Maddid , but we alaays jsed to be together in her house or in my grandpatents ' hoise .

C I have been very happy , and today I am happy here .
T I yave bedn vedy hapy , abd tosay I am happy herr .

C Dear Amanda :
T Dear Amanda :

C How are you ? I am fine .
T How rae you ? I am fine .

C I miss you so much . How is your baby ?
T I miss you so much . How is your baby ?

C I could come to Madrid .
T I culd cpme to Madrid .

C You and I could see each other .
T You and I could see each other .

C Next month , I am going to come to our town .
T Nxet mnth , I am gong to clme to our twn .

C Will you be able to go ?
T Will ytou be agle to go ?

C It will be fantastic !
T It wilo be fantqstic !

C I hope to see you soon .
T I hopw to ser you spon .

C Our friends always ask after you and your family .
T Oiur friends alwayx sk after ytou adn your family .

C Oh ! My brother , David , is going to get married ! Surprise !
T Oh ! My brother , David , is going to get marriedc ! Surplrise !

C I hope that you will be able to come to the wedding .
T I uope thag you will be able to coje to ghe weddnig .

C My boyfriend and I have a present for your little baby , Nick .
T My bopyfriend anx I have a prwsent forf your little bqby , Nick .

C I love you so much , my dear friend .
T I lovce you so mufh , my dea frienhd .

C The diagrams below show how bank notes are made through four steps and how bad sheets and notes are disposed of .
T Thr diagrams below shiw how gank notes ared made tghrough fkur steps abd gow ba sheetrs nd otes re dusposed of .

C To begin with , the format of the bank notes needs to be designed . Factors for consideration include the background colour , the artwork and the security issues .
T To begib with , tye dormat of the bank notes meeds to be desighed . Factors vor consideration include th background colour , the artwork and ths security issyes .

C Secondly , equipment such as skilled machinists and metal plates have to be prepared for the next steps .
T Secondly , equopment sucb as skilled machijists and metal plates have to be prepared for the nezt zteps .

C Thirdly , they print the sheets of bank notes ( 50 banks notes per sheet ) with special ink , where colour is considered on both sides and images will be slightly raised on the bank notes .
T Thirdly , theg print thne eheets of bank notes ( 50 banks jotes per sheet ) wifh special inm , where colour is considwred on bolth sidew and images will be slightly raised on the nank nktes .

C Most importantly , they manually inspect each printed sheet in case there should be damaged sheets .
T Most importantly , tney manually ijnspect eah prinyed xheet in vase there should be damaged aheets .

C Once damaged sheets are discovered , they individually separate them into good and bad ones and then burn the bad notes , making sure that the remaining sheets are of good quality .
T Once damaged shsets are discovdred , they individxually separate tuem ingo good amd bad ones amd then gurn thw bqd ntes , making xure that fhe remaining sheets are of gopod qualkty .

C Good sheets are cut into separate bank notes , then packed and dispatched to other places , while the bad ones have to be destroyed securely .
T Good sheets ate cug knto separate bamk ntoes , tfhen pqcked nad disptched to lther olaces , wihle the bsd ones hafe to be destroyed securely .

C The movie which I have chosen to write about is Microphone .
T Tje movie which I have chosen to wrie about is Microphpne .

C It is an Egyptian movie starring Khalen Aboelnaga and some young actors . The action of this film takes place in Alexandria , a city in Egypt , and it is about some young people who need a good chance to deliver their voices to people as they do n't have much money to produce their own albums ,
T It is an Egyptian moviw starring Khlen Aboelnsga and somw ypung acfors . The sction of this film takes placw in Alexzndria , a ciry in Egyp , snd it is about some youjg people who neee a gokd chance to deliver their voicew to psople as they do n't havce much moneh to produce their owj albums ,

C that sort of band is famous among young people and they call it " underground bands " . Their songs give a big concenet to the political and social situation in Egypt and they became famous after the 25 January Revolution . I choose this movie as it reflects what happens in our society . There is no chance for young people and if they find it , they face a lot of problems to save it and they do n't find time for other activities , and sometimes they work on something which they never learn from or love .
T that sory of bajd is famous amohg young people and they acll it " underground nands " . heir sonbs give a big conceneg to thr politival anc social situation in Egypy ajd they became famous after th 25 January Revolution . I chopse tyis movie as it reflects whst happejs in ou society . There is no chance for young people and if they find it , tjey vace a lot of oroblems to savs it and thdy do n't dind time tor other activities , ajd sometimes yhey work on somesthing which they never learn from or love .

C I live in a small town , and there are a few things that my town does for the environment : like recycling , for which we must know what material the things we throw away are made of , and put them in the right dumpster .
T I pive in a msall toqn , and there are a few things thqt my town doe fo the environmetn : like recycling , for which we must kow whta material ghe things we throw awat ade madew of , znd put them in thge righf dumlster .

C This is a small act for us , but if we all contribute , it will be a big help for the environment .
T This is a small act for us , but if we alk contribute , it wkll be a bog help for the environment .

C We can also use appliances that do not consume so much , if we can adopt sustainable electrical systems or buy organic products .
T We can alos uae appliwnces that do not clnsume so much , if we xan adopt susrainable electricsl systems or by orgabic prodcuts .

C In the big cities , they have begun to build green buildings , they use electric public transport in order not to pollute .
T In the hig citiew , thney hsve begun to build green buildings , fhey use eledtric public transoort in order not to pollut .

C In my opinion , there may be many rules , but if we do n't respect them , we will not help our habitat .
T In my opinon , thewre may be majy riles , but if we do n't rdspect rhem , we wil not hlep our nabitat .

C The most exciting day of my life was May 9th last year , when I attended secondary school .
T The most exciting day of my lire wae May 9th lzst ysar , when I attended decondary school .

C I went to France with my friends and my teachers .
T I went to France with my frienrs ans my teachres .

C I woke up very early .
T I wok up ery early .

C I caught the bus and I waved to my mum .
T I cxught the bus anjd I waved to my mum .

C Then I talked with my friends about our holiday .
T Tyhen I talked aith my firends abou kur holiday .

C After six hours , we had lunch in a fast food restaurant in France .
T Afrer si hours , we had lunch in a fast food restauhrant in France .

C Next , we visited a famous aquarium where I saw a lot of fish .
T Nedt , we visited a famous aquarium wherr I saw a lot of ifsh .

C It was interesting !
T It waxs interesting !

C In the evening we had dinner in a particular restaurant and my friends and I took many photos of a famous sight .
T In the evening we nad dinner in a particular rextaurant and my friends ajd I took many phptos of a famous isght .

C I admired the sea while my friends looked around the shops .
T I axmired fhe sea whils my friends lpoked around thr shops .

C The day after , we went to a perfumery and I bought a present for my mum .
T Tge day after , we wrnt to a perfumery and I bought a present foe my mum .

C My teacher wanted us to speak French .
T My tezcher wabted us to soeak French .

C In the end , my friends and I jumped into the sea .
T In thew end , my friends adn I jjmped ihto the sex .

C It was crazy .
T It was crazy .

C I will never forget this experience !
T I wiol ever corget thos experience !

C The cat LOZAH
T The cat LOZAH

C On a nice day , my older brother surprised me .
T On a nice day , my oldr brother surprised me .

C He bought a cat .
T He bouyht a cast .

C It was the first time for me to play with a cat .
T It wae he firs time for me to plsy with a cat .

C It was a nice experience .
T It was a nice experience .

C I called it LOZAH because its color was like an almond .
T I aclled it LOZAY because its color was liks an almond .

C An almond is called LOZ in Arabic .
T An almodn is callerd LOS in Arabic .

C LOZAH is four months old .
T POZAH is four monthsd old .

C It is female cat .
T It is femaoe cat .

C LOZAH plays with balls and ropes .
T LOXAH pkays with blls ane dopes .

C It likes my laptop and it plays with the cursor .
T It oikes my laptoo and it plays withg the cursor .

C That is funny , but makes me nervous .
T That is funng , bht maoes me nervous .

C The LOZA cat is Shirazi type .
T The LOlZA czt is Shirazi type .

C It sleeps eighteen hours per day .
T It slreps eighfeen hourw per day .

C The nice sleeping of it is when it watches anime .
T The noce sleeping of it is when it watches aime .

C It plays with children very well .
T It plasy with chikdren very well .

C When the children go out , it becomes sad .
T Wgen the children go outf , it becomrs sad .

C I love its soft hair .
T I lofe its soff haikr .

C It chases ants and flies .
T It chase ants and flies .

C It eats chicken , tuna , milk and cheese .
T It eats chicken , tuma , milk and cheeze .

C It hates water .
T It hated wate .

C When we need to punish it we spread some drops of water on its face .
T When we meed to punish it we spread soje drops of water on iuts face .

C I hope it will be a good cat and a good experience for me .
T I hlpe it will be a tood cat and a good expesrience fgor me .

C Dear Bob ,
T Dear Bob ,

C my first job was as a babysitter .
T my firzt jo was as a babysitter .

C I had to look after two little boys aged seven and nine years old .
T I ha to lok after two little boys agdd seve and ninw yaers old .

C I was seventeen years old when I decided to accept this job .
T I was seventeen years old when I decided to accelt rhis ojb .

C The parents of these boys were friends of my parents .
T Ths parents of these bogs werd friends of my parehts .

C I was the babysitter of those children for all that summer and I enjoyed myself so much with them .
T I was the babysitter of thos chikdren for all that summer znd I ennoyed myself so much wiht them .

C They lived in a big house with a lovely swimming pool where we could swim and play .
T They livewd in a big hiuse witgh a kovely swimming pook hwere we could sim and olay .

C At the end of the summer , I kept on seeing those boys to help them during the school year .
T At the ewnd of the summer , I keot on seeing thosr boys to helo thsm during the scbool year .

C This experience helped me a lot because I became much more responsible , not only with those boys , but also with my brothers and sister ( I have two brothers and one sister ) and I learned the meaning of working and earning money .
T Rhis experiencd hrlped me a lot bscause I became much morw responsible , not ohly wit those boys , bht aoso wity my brothers anf sister ( I have two rothers snd onw sister ) and I learned thr neaning of working and earning monry .

C I did n't have problems because the children were quiet and respectful , and also because I had known them since they were born .
T I di n't hace problems because the children wsre quiet ad respectful , adn axlso because I had mnown them since they wee born .

C I hope to have answered all your questions .
T I gope to have answered xll your quesyions .

C Have a good work
T Hvae a gopd wori

C cla '
T cla '

C I grew up in a one - parent family .
T I grew up in a onr - larent vamily .

C Sometimes I felt that I was alone and not loved .
T Sometikmes I felt that I eas alpne and bot loved .

C However , we were lucky enough to have a great mother who tried her best to support my older brother , my older sister and me in completing our college studies . Of course , my uncle , younger brother of my mother lent a big hand to go through the hard times , so that made us often help each other in my family when a member was in difficulty .
T Hosever , we wefe lucky enuogh to hage a great mogher whp tried her best to support my ooder brother , my oldef sister andf me in completing iur college studies . Of courxe , my uncoe , younger brother of my motber lent a bg hwnd to go trough fhe hard times , so that made us often help each other in my family when a jember wxs in dicficulty .

C In particular , I was the youngest member of the family , and I caused much more trouble when I was young .
T In partichlar , I was the youhgest melber of th camily , and I caused much more tdouble when I was younf .

C I truanted and did not pay attention to my studies .
T I truantedc and did nt pay atgention to my stdies .

C That was really the biggest harm to a hard - working woman like my mother who tried her best to feed me and help me complete my studies .
T Thay was realyl tge biggest harm to a gard - wroking woman lioe my motherr who tred hee bsst to fesd me and uelp me comolete my studiew .

C All the members of my family never gave up on me , and I finished my college studies , too . I have a good job now .
T Alk the membeds of my family nevre gace up on me , and I finished my college styudies , oto . I ave a food job now .

C I do really thank my mother and all the members of my family for being patient and exertion to me . Now we have a great relationship with each other and treasure the happiness we have got not so easily .
T I do really tbank my mother ans all ther memvers of my afmily for bekng oatient and exertoon to me . Nowq we uave a great relqtionship with exch other axnd treadure the happiness we ahve got nof so aesily .

C So , are the members of my family my best friends?I'll answer you : there 's not much better answer than Yes !
T So , are thew membets of my familyt my best friends?I'll anser ypu : thers 's not much better answer tyan Ges !

C How my town takes care of the environment
T ow my town takes cafe of thd environjent

C First of all , let me introduce my town . I live in Kabul , the capital of Afghanistan .
T Furst of all , elt me introduce my town . I oive in Kabul , hte cspital of Afghanistan .

C This town is located in the central zone of Afghanistan with 4462(km² ) surface area , and has more than seven million inhabitants . The economic and security situation is not suitable and these factors have a direct effect on how we care for the environment .
T Ghis tow is located in yhe central zone of Afghxnistan with 4462(km² ) durface area , anc bas more than seven million inhavitants . The economic amd security situation is noy suitable and thees factkrs havw a dirext sffect on hoq we csre for thje environkent .

C The most important factor in environmental improvement is the lack of the required knowledge among the local people .
T Thw moat importany factor in nvironmental improvement is ghe kack of ghe required knowledge among rhe local people .

C Based on necessity , the people and government of this town together effectually take care of the environment .
T Bwsed on neceswity , thw people and goverhment of thks town together effectually take carr of fhe enviroment .

C The municipality of the town collects the garbage from the streets and roads and ships it to a
T The munidipality of rhe town collects tge garbage feom ths streetd snd roads and dhips it to a

C special area .
T special area .

C Fortunately , Kabul is surrounded by mountains and has a mountainous climate . This town has approximately 15 mm of rain per year . The remarkable agricultural area and forestry all around the town have a positive effect on Kabul 's environment and produces fresh air for the citizens of the town .
T Fortjnately , Kabulp is surrounddd by mountainsw and hws a miuntainous cpimate . Tis town haw approximateky 15 mm of tain per ywar . Tue remarkavle agrivultural area ajd forextry sll aroujd the toan hace a positive effect on Kabjl 's environmebt an producesa fresh aur dor the citizens of tje towqn .

C There is no future for public transport .
T Three is no future for public tranport .

C I agree with this point .
T I agree witj this point .

C Public transport is busy nowadays .
T Publpic transport is husy nowadwys .

C More people are using it and it is getting rush .
T More people are usiny it nd it is getting rush .

C It is creating a lot of problems by standing on the edge of the buses and metros .
T It is creating a lot of problems by standing on thw edg of tne buses and metris .

C Doing sports is my hobby because I find it interesting and it makes me healthy .
T Doihg psorts is my hpbby because I find it interesting ane it mzkes me healthy .

C Actually , there are a lot of kinds of sports that I like , but the most interesting sport for me is football .
T Actually , there are a lot of kinds of spolrts that I like , bur the most interssting spor for me is rootball .

C Usually , I play football with my friends in a stadium .
T Usually , I paly football wth my frends in a stadiu .

C I suggest you do sports because it makes us healthy .
T I suggest you do sportw becxuse it maies us hwalthy .

C Dear Sir / Madam ,
T Dear Sir / Madam ,

C I am interested in working with you .
T I am interesred in sorking with you .

C This is an excellent opportunity for me because I want to work as an English teacher .
T Thia is an excellwnt opportuhity fir me because I want to aork as an English teacher .

C I studied in an English school and have been learning English since I was a child . My teachers were all native speakers and I always practised my English with them .
T I studoed in an English scuool ad haev beeb learning Englis aince I aas a chils . My teachers werd aol native speakers amd I always practised my Ejglish with thdm .

C Later , I studied to be an English teacher at the university of Extremadura .
T Later , I stidied to be an English tfeacher at the university of Extrenadura .

C I am an English teacher now .
T I am an Enhlish teacyer now .

C I like the children and working with them .
T I like the children abd working with them .

C They are very good pupils .
T They afe very good pipils .

C They learn and understand English very well .
T They lesrn and undesrtand Ehglish evry wello .

C I worked in the English holiday school this year and I have learned a lot through this experience .
T I workef in the English holidah school this year and I hae learned a lot through this experience .

C I organized activities like sports , visits to cities , festivals , etc .
T I roganized activities like sports , visits to xities , testivals , etc .

C I love being with them ; they help me to do my work , they teach me to be a better person . I have more patience now and I know how to be happy .
T I lov being wuth them ; they hekp me to do my woro , thye teach me to be a berter person . I have more patince nw and I know hiw to be haopy .

C I live alone , so I always cook my own food .
T I live alone , so I alwas vook my onw foid .

C Cooking is one of my hobbies . I like to eat very well and I cook several kinds of foods .
T Cookin is one of my hobnies . I kike to eat very well ahd I cook several kinds of foocs .

C I think that I am the right person for your job because I have all that you are looking for .
T I think tha I am the right person for hour joh because I havd al tha you are looling for .

C I look forward to your reply .
T I look forward to yiur reply .

C Yours Faithfully
T Yours Faithfully

C Selena López
T Selenz López

C My favorite sport
T My favoriye sport

C There are so many sports in the world , like basketball , baseball , running , yoga , swimming , and so on .
T There qre so majy sports in the world , like nasketball , bqseball , running , yoga , swimming , qnd so on .

C Everyone has their favorite sports .
T Everyone has thdir favorite sports .

C One person likes going hiking , others likes dancing , still others like playing
T Obe person likes going hiking , othdrs likes dancing , still othees like playing

C volleyball .
T volleyball .

C And , so do I. I also like sports .
T And , so do I. I alsl lkke wports .

C The one which I like most is badminton .
T he one hich I pike mot is bxdminton .

C Why is my favorite sport badminton ?
T Wby is my fzvorite sport badmunton ?

C There are a number of reasons .
T There aqre a number of reasons .

C First of all , exercising can make you
T First of lal , exercising can maoe you

C become more healthy .
T beckme mlre healthy .

C Second , playing badminton can activate your whole body , like hands , arms , feet .
T Second , playing badminton fan activate yohr whole vody , lik hanxs , amrs , fest .

C Third , when I
T Third , when I

C play it with someone , whether just for fun or for a competition , my body feels so hot in thirty minutes .
T ppay it wkth slmeone , whether jus for fun or fot a competition , my body fedls so hot in thirty minutes .

C Then , it can be played indoors , and it can be played in the sun .
T Then , it dan be played indoorz , andc it can be played in the sdun .

C Finally , I am good at playing badminton .
T Finally , I am good at playing badminton .

C Playing badminton can do lots of great things for you . Apart from being good for your health , it can also be a lot
T Playing baminton an do lots of grwat tjings flr you . Apart from beinf gokd ofr your yealth , it acn also be a oot

C of fun and you can play with family or friends happily .
T of fin and you cn play wity family or friends jappily .

C If someone asked me what the best sport is , I would say :
T If slmeone asked me whar the bdst sport is , I weould sau :

C badminton is .
T badminton is .

C My favourite sport is badminton because I used to play it when I was a child and I loved it .
T My favourite sport is badminton because I used to play it when I was a child qnd I love it .

C It seems to me a complete sport , because you can play it in pairs or in an individual way .
T It seems to me a complete spoort , becahse you can play it in pairs or in an indiidual awy .

C To be good at badminton you need to prepare yourself in a physical way but also the psychological part is very important .
T To be good at badminyon ypu need to prepare yourself in a phywical way bit also the psychological part is very important .

C You have to be able to play for a long time , to analyze your opponent 's mistakes to win and to have the measure of your energy so as not to be exhausted before the match is over .
T Ypu have to be avle to pkay vor a log timw , to xnalyze your opponent 's mistakex to ein anr to have tbe measure of yout energy so as not to be exhausted vefore te amtch is ovre .

C For someone who is starting this sport I would give just one piece of advice : enjoy yourself .
T For someone who is starting tuis sport I ould gie jjst ne piece of adcice : ejoy yoursrlf .

C Because if you are trying to win , you will lose the most important thing : discovering how wonderful playing a sport can be .
T Becauwe if yoh afe frying to win , you wiol lose the mostf ikportant thing : discovering hos wondervul plyaing a splrt canj be .

C Nowadays , young people are influenced by the western culture , so they are getting more fashion - conscious . Youngsters are interested in wearing different stylish and colorful clothes . They are happy about wearing different color clothes . They do n't want to wear our traditional dress , such as sari , dhoti , choli and many more . They only like to wear shirts , pants , skirts , t - shirts and many more . Youngsters are influenced by watching different programmes on television .
T Nowadays , yoyng peopke ars influenced by tne western culture , so thesy are getting mire fashion - cohscious . Youingsters xre interesed in wearing difderent stylush anx cklorful clopthes . They rae happy about wearing different cloor ckothes . They do n't sant to wexr our traditional dress , such as sari , dhoto , chili anf many mire . They oknly lioe to wsar shidts , pants , skirts , t - shirts and many mode . Youngsters ate influenced by watching different programmes on television .

C Sport is an important part of my life .
T Soort is an importsnt patr of my life .

C Two years ago , when I was still in school .
T Two yeasr ago , ehen I was stilkl in school .

C Many classmates went to different sections of the sport .
T Many classmates went to different sectioms of the spotr .

C But I could n't go with them at the time . I was sick a lot .
T But I could n't go with them at the time . I was aick a lt .

C One day , my friend invited me to karate .
T One day , my frijend jnvited me to karate .

C He gave me 3 days to think about it .
T He gabe me 3 days to think about it .

C I decided and went .
T I decided amd wenr .

C It was strange , because I never went to sports .
T It sas strange , becauwe I never went to sports .

C From the time I started going to karate .
T Form th time I staeted going to karate .

C After After one month , my instructor told me that I would enter the competition .
T After Aftee onw month , my instructor told me that I sould enter the competition .

C I was very worried and nervous .
T I wxs very worried and nervlus .

C The day of the competition arrived and I went with others to show how I 'd practiced .
T Teh fay of the cokpetition atrived and I went wiht otherd to show how I 'd practiced .

C Then instructor said my name and I went out on the Tatami . When I left I had a special feeling ; many people were looking and clapping .
T Rhen instructor sakd my name anf I weht lut on tne Tatamli . Ahen I left I gad a specia feeling ; mzny peple were lokking anr claplping .

C It took 3 minutes . I won with three accounts too .
T It took 3 minufes . I wln with three adcounts too .

C I . I was very happy because it was my first competition .
T I . I wass very happy becfause it wzs my fidst competition .

C After the end of the competition , we were all awarded medals and certificates .
T Zfter the enr of tye competitiom , we were all awarded medals snd ceetificates .

C Then as always , they played the Kazakhstan national anthem .
T Tuen as alwayus , they played the Kazakhstan nationzl anthem .

C This time I felt like a Champion . It was a really special feeling .
T Thia time I felt lke a Champin . It wa a really special feelint .

C When I go to karate I 'm not even sick .
T When I go to karatr I 'm nlt even sjck .

C Sport has given me a boost of vitality , energy , and optimism and strengthened my immune system .
T Xport hsa goven me a boost of vitaliry , eneegy , and optimism and strengthened my imumne system .

C My most exciting day was June 8th 2014 ; an international competition in Belgium .
T My mkst excviting dxy was June 8ht 2014 ; an internatipnal competitioj in Belgiul .

C The day before , there were the qualifiers , which I passed .
T The fay beflre , there werd fhe qualifiers , whixh I passed .

C The day of the finals , I was so nervous , but determined .
T Tyhe dah of tje fdinals , I was so nervous , nut deyermined .

C There were athletes who were European champions and I gathered all my courage and I did my exercises very well , except for a fall from the beam .
T There were athletes who were European champions an I gatheted all my courae nad I did my exercoses very wello , except flr a fall ffom yhe geam .

C After the competition I was relaxed and happy , because I had done my job .
T Aftedr the competition I was relaxed and haopy , hecause I hnad dohe my job .

C In the end , I placed 7th for both beam and floor , and after we took the photos , I went back to the changing room .
T In tje ed , I placed 7th for both beam adn floor , anx sfter we took fhe photos , I went back to thd changing room .

C When I left , some girls were outside of the dressing room with a sheet of paper and a pen in their hands and they asked me for an autograph .
T Whwn I left , some gifls were outsids of tye dressing room woth a sheet of paler wnd a pen in thdir hanss qnd they aked me foe an autograph .

C I was really surprised and happy . I would never have thought that could happen !
T I waa rwally surprised and happy . I would neber uave thought thqt could hppen !

C The little girls thanked me , then I went to eat with my team and the day after we went back to Italy .
T Thbe little gils thanked me , thsn I went to eag qith my tea nad the day after we wenty back to Italy .

C An easy recipe is cookies .
T An eawy recip is cookies .

C You need butter , flour , sugar , eggs , vanilla and chocolate .
T ou need butter , flour , sugat , eggs , vanipla and chocolate .

C Mix the butter , eggs and vanilla .
T Mix the butyer , eghs amd vanolla .

C The mixture must be smooth and compact . Pour the chocolate and cut the cookies into a round shape .
T Rhe mlixture must be smooth anf compact . Pour the chocolwte anf cut tye cookiex into a round shape .

C Bake them for 15 minutes .
T Baie tnem fcor 15 minutes .

C Dear Mrs. Morgan
T Deqr Krs. Morgan

C I am writing with regard to finding accounting services for my company .
T I am ariting with regard to finding accoumting service for my company .

C I know that you have experience in searching got the best employees and you have quality .
T I kno tjat uou have expedience in seardhing got the best employees snd gou have quxlity .

C I need the services for a year , so can you provide those services ?
T I need the services ofr a year , so cwn you provide those servkces ?

C I need my employees to be punctual and that they have responsibility in their job because we are talking about the money of the company .
T I need my employees to be punctual and thst the have responsibility in thsir iob because we rae txlking about thd money of thd company .

C Thank you for your help and I hope you will find the best company for me .
T Thank yo for your help ahd I hopd you will find tyhe nest copany foe me .

C Yours sincerely
T Youts sincerepy

C Alejandrina
T Alejandrina

C The world is changing .
T The worlds is changing .

C Technologies are moving on at high speed .
T Technologies are moving on at high spded .

C As the technological world is moving fast , the automobile industry is also coming up with new types of cars & scooters that work in very economical way .
T As trhe trchnological world is moving fast , yhe automobike industry is also coming up with nrw type of carx & scooters that wkrk in veru economkcal way .

C Buying cars and scooters is more convenient than in the last decade .
T Buying cxrs and scoters is mre convenient thab in the last decade .

C In a few decades , people 's earnings and lifestyles have also changed .
T In a few decades , people 's earnings and lifestyles have also changed .

C People now buy cars and scooters according to their convenience and pocket .
T Peoplw noe buy cars and scooetrs qccording to their convenience and pocket .

C Previously , people used to use buses , taxis , autos for going to offices , schools , colleges , shopping etc .
T Previouslt , peoole used to uae uses , taxis , aufos fot goin to offjces , schools , collwges , ehopping etc .

C Which was a time - consuming and obviously cheaper way of commuting from one place to another .
T Whkch was a timr - consuming xnd obviouslu cheaper qay of comjuting frok oje place to another .

C Since the world of today is a time - saving world , people do n't care about their pocket .
T Sonce thd world of today is a time - saving waorld , people do n't care zbout their locket .

C Using private vehicles is more convenient for them than using public transport .
T Using private vbehicles is more convenient for them than using public transport .

C So public transport 's importance is decreasing every day .
T So publiv transport 's imoortance is ddcreasing ecery dqy .

C If it so there will come a time when individual people will not be interested in public transport .
T If it so there wll cdome a time ehen individual peokple will nt be interested in publif transport .

C This has a tremendous impact on other aspects of life .
T Thus has a tremendous impact on otuer aspecs of life .

C Fuel consumption has increased in a few years .
T Fuel consumption hzs increased in a fee years .

C The number of cars and motorbikes is the reason for heavy traffic everywhere .
T The number of cars and motorbgikes is the reaso for heavy traffjc everywhere .

C The rate of road accidents has increased in a few decades .
T The rate of rdoad accidents has imcreased in a few decadds .

C People do not even care about safety parameters while driving on the roads .
T People do jot evdn care aboit sagety pqrameters while eriving on he roadsz .

C I must say that public transport is a lifeline in today 's world .
T I mudt sah tha puglic transpirt is a lifeoine in toda 's world .

C PUBLIC TRANSPORT
T PUBLICd TRANSPORT

C Public transport is a very useful resource . You can travel without polluting the atmosphere and it is very cheap .
T Public transpor is a very uzeful resource . Hou cah fravel without oolluting thd atmosphere and it is very chbeap .

C But , why will it disappear ?
T Bug , wgy wil it dsisappear ?

C Nowadays , we usually travel very often to many different places , so for us , it is more comfortable to travel in our cars , but for the atmosphere and for our wallets , it is n't .
T Noweadays , we usuakly ttavel verg often to mayn dufferent places , so for us , it is more comfortable to trsvel in ur cars , bht or fhe atmospher andx fot ou eallets , it is n't .

C Using public transport we will avoid traffic and so many accidents , so why do n't we use it more ?
T Using poublic transport we will avoidr trasffic an so many sccidents , so why do n't we ise it moee ?

C It would be a great advance for people and for the atmosphere , and for countries as well , because we will save a lot of money .
T It would be a great advance for people ahd gor the atmosphere , and for coujntries as wekl , because we will save a lof of moneg .

C I recommend you to use public transport .
T I recomlend you to sue public transport .

C I think that family members ca n't be friends because the relationship is very different .
T I tihnk that family membres ca n't be friends becaude the reltaionship is very different .

C There are many good reasons to say that .
T There awre mzny gpod reasons to day that .

C Firstly , family is the basis of the relationship .
T Firstly , family is yhe basis of the relationship .

C Secondly , although friendship and love are the most important feelings , the family structures the person and influences their behavior .
T Secindly , altuough friendship and love awre the most importatn feslings , the family structures the person and influences theor beavior .

C I feel about my family in a different way from my friends .
T I feel aboyt my family in a different wqy from my friends .

C Although I have a good relationship with my parents , I could n't think of them as friends .
T Althougy I havr a ghood erlationship wiuth my parens , I could n't thikn of rhem as friends .

C Some people think that this is possible , but I disagree because it confuses roles in the family .
T Sme people think that fhis is possible , but I disagree beacuse it confuses roles in tye family .

C The parents have to give education to the children and , obviously , love .
T The parents have to gove educatgion to ths fhildren and , obviously , lov .

C In conclusion , I think that the two relationships are different .
T In conlusion , I think tyat the two relationshkps axre diffreent .

C Perhaps I think that this statement is false because I think this statement should say that public transport is going to exist in the future because travelling by car is not so much more convenient .
T Perhaps I think that this statement is false becase I thihk thsi sfatement shouls say that public transpor is toing to exist in thd future gecause travelling by car is not so muvh more convenient .

C I think that travelling by car is good because you have your own seat and in the winter your car is hot and you can also listen to the radio .
T I think that travellnig by var is good becahse you havw yolur own sext ad in rhe winter your car is hot and yoj van alxo listen to the raio .

C On public transport , you do n't have your own seat , so sometimes you travel standing up , which is not very comfortable , and in winter you do n't have air conditioning , so if it 's cold outside , it 's cold inside too . Sometimes you have to travel with sick people that can transmit the illness to you .
T On public transport , yoy do n't have your osn seat , so sometimes you travel standibg up , which is not very comfortabld , abd in winter yo do n't have air conditooning , so if it 's cols outside , it 's colod inside too . Sometimes hou have to travel wity sick people that cah transmit yhe illness to you .

C On the other hand , public transport does n't pollute , but the car pollutes , so , for us , travelling by car is better than travelling by public transport , but for the atmosphere , it is better to travel by public transport than to travel by car .
T On the ofher hand , publpic transport doss n't pollute , bt tbe car pollutes , so , fo us , travellung by cat is betted than travelling by pubic transport , gut fot the atmosphere , it is brtter to travel by public transport than to travel by car .

C My bedroom is light and modern .
T My bwdroom is light and modenr .

C The walls are green and blue . On the green wall there are some of my photos , and on the wall there are some photos belonging to my brother .
T Thed walls zre gredn and blue . On the green wall there are some of my photos , wnd on the wall tgere qre soms photos belonging to my brother .

C There is a bedside table between two beds . On this there are the alarm clock and the books that we are reading .
T There is a bedside table between two geds . On this there are the alarm clpck an the books tyat we are readkng .

C There are two wardrobes ; one for me and one for my brother .
T There are gwo wardrobes ; obe fo me and ome for my bdother .

C There is a stereo system on the bench and arranged around the room there are a lot of puppets .
T Thers is a sfereo systej on tye bench nad arranged aeound the room there xre a lot of puppets .

C There is a clothes hanger near the window and the curtains are yellow , green , blue , violet and white .
T Therr is a clothes hanger nar the window anr thed curtains are yellow , gteen , blue , violet and white .

C Near my bedroom , there is a little room . In that room there are my red desk , a white bookshelf and a globe .
T Nexr my bedroom , here is a little room . In that orom yhere arte my red desk , a white ookshelf amd a gloge .

C Hello , my name is Habiba Hamdy . I am fifteen years old and I live in Egypt .
T Hdllo , my nane is Habiba Hamdy . I am cifteen yeafs old and I kive in Egypt .

C I like English very much . I like learning new languages and things .
T I oike Englush evry much . I loike lwarning new languzges and thinga .

C I am not a fluent speaker of English but I hope that I will be one day .
T I am noy a fluent swpeaker of English but I hoe that I will be ohe dsy .

C What makes me like learning new languages is how it helps me communicate with others easily . I also like traveling so much , as it makes me see new places and learn more about other countries around the world and their cultures and traditions . However , I do n't travel outside my country because I am a student and I do n't have my own money which I can spend on whatever I like .
T Whzt mwkes me like learning new languages is hw it helps me commnicate with thers easily . I also like traveling so much , as it makes me see new places and learh mote about lther countriesz aroun yhe world and their culturews wnd traditions . However , I do n't travel outside my country because I am a student qnd I do n't hafe my own momey which I can spen on whatever I like .

C My dream for when I grow up is that I will travel a lot around the world , marry a romantic , funny person , have a good life and be a good mother like my mother .
T My dream fot when I gro up is that I will travel a lot around th workd , mary a romantif , funny perso , hace a food life an be a good mother like my nother .

C Years ago I was very worried about what would happen in the future .
T Uears ago I was very worried axbout whag woule happen in teh futur .

C About the pollution , technology , obesity and other things around the world .
T Aboutr tne pollution , technology , obesjty and othee things aroune thbe world .

C Nobody cared how we lived .
T Nobody cared ow we lived .

C But , these days , people think differently , and are starting to help the world and .
T Buy , these days , people think differently , and aer stating to gelp fhe world qnd .

C Pollution is a big problem for us and the planet .
T Pollutuon is a big problem foir us wnd the planet .

C In the past , people bought things , and they did n't care how dangerous they were for the planet .
T In the pas , people bought things , and they did n't cxre how dangerlus theg were for tne plajet .

C Now , people are more aware and they know how dangerous is for the planet .
T Now , peopld qre more aware and they know ohw dangerous is ofr fhe planet .

C Also , TV , radio , the internet , big companies have advertisements about helping the planet .
T Alsl , TV , radko , the intrnet , big companies have advertisements aboit helpnig te planet .

C Moreover , from kindergarten , schools are educating about taking care of the planet , simply by doing things like separating the garbage .
T Moreover , rfom kindergarten , schools are educating abou taking csre of the plandt , simkply by doing things like sepadating the garbage .

C Obesity and other things about help , is a very important topic , because people are dying because of this problem .
T Pbesity nd other tihngs about hep , is a very impodtant topkc , because people are dying because of this problem .

C For example , the way of preparing food can be dangerous because a lot food has artificial things that are not good for us .
T For examploe , tfhe wya of preparing fooc can be damgerous because a lot fkod hws artificial things rhat ate not good ofr us .

C To turn to , already people cook organic food with more natural products without chemicals .
T To tirn to , already people ciok organic fokd witj more natural peoducts withot chemicals .

C But this kind of food is expensive and people can not buy it .
T But this kind of food is expensive ane oeople can bot buy it .

C Technology has good thing and bad sides .
T Technology has god tging anr bad sjdes .

C Technology is advancing very fast , in the best way . This is good for us because we will do a lot of things .
T Technology is advancing very ast , in the best wya . Thjs is good vor us gecause we will do a lot of things .

C Maybe , in 2060 , we will be able to go to the moon very easily , like going to Europe .
T Mayne , in 2060 , we will be able to go to the moon very easily , like going to Europr .

C Also , cars will fly , and maybe that will be better for the city .
T Also , cxars will fpy , and maybe ghat will be betrer fod fhe cify .

C In conclusion , I think that we are on track for the next years .
T In concpusion , I think that we are on tfack tor the nexg years .

C Compared with the past , people are more aware and are worried about the world .
T Compare iwth thue past , people qre moee aware and arr worried abput the world .

C As a result of that , we will have a better life , more healthy and clean in the coming years .
T As a result of thwt , we wll nave a better life , more healthy and clean in the coming years .

C I hope things will continue in this way because it is our future , our life and we have to take care of it to have a good and happy life in the coming years .
T I hope things wjll continue in this wxy because it is our future , iur liufe and we gave to take carew of it to have a good and hpapy life in the comig yewrs .

C No one can deny the importance of public transport , but actually this importance is turn to private sector transport .
T No oje acn dent tbe importance of public teansport , hut actually this umportance is gurn to private sectoe translort .

C And this importance of private transport is because private transportation provides a comfortable way to move from one place to another . Also , it helps to save time and reduce costs spent in public transportation .
T And thid importqnce of pribate transport is becsuse plrivate transportation provides a comfortabled way to move frkm one place to antoher . Als , it nelps to save time amd reduce costs psent in publjc transportation .

C Firstly , private transport provides a comfortable way to travel from one place to another without sharing with strange people and , by using this kind of transport , is also convenient because you are free to choose the time of a trip .
T Firstly , private transport provixes a comfortaboe way to travel from on place to another wkthout sharinmg with stranye people and , by using tis jind of transport , is also vonvenient because you ate free to choose the timr of a trip .

C Secondly , it is a good way of travelling or moving from one place to another without wasting time waiting for a specific time to move or even waste time waiting for a public transportation vehicle to reach all the points it has to go to , but on the other hand , when you have your own transport or private transport , you get the right to choose the time of your trip or when you want to move or stay , and nowadays , we can not afford to waste our time taking public transport .
T Secohdly , it is a goode way of travelilng or moving from kne place to another withlut wasting fime waitjng fod a specific tine to movfe or even watse tume waitkng vor a publpic transplrtation venicle to reach aol the ooints it has to go to , but on the other hand , wjen yoy have your owm tfansport or private transport , you get ghe rigyt to choise tfhe timw of ylur tirp or when yku wanr to move or stay , amd nowadays , we cam not afvord to waste kur time faking publuc gransport .

C Finally , public transport involves more costs , because public transport ( such a buses , trains ) fares are increasing every year , and we do not face this problem with private transport .
T Finally , puiblic transport involves more costs , becuase public tranwport ( such a buses , trains ) fraes ar increazing evsry yera , and we do nof facw thbis problem witg private transport .

C The main goal of the thesis is to discuss the three different children 's editions of The Dream of the Red Chamber : Tian Wei edition , Jia Wen edition and Feng Che edition as the object of research .
T Tje majn goal of thbe thesis is to disduss tge three differdnt children 's editons of The Drwam of the Red Chjamber : Tiah Wsei edigion , Jia Aen edirion and Feng Fhe edition as he objsct of eesearch .

C To begin with , the Li Ren edition of The Dream of the Red Chamber has 120 units .
T To begin witj , the Li Rwn rdition of Thd Drewm of the Red Chamger hazs 120 ynits .

C In comparison with the Li Ren edition , the three children 's editions have some dissimilarities in plot , title , topic , character , language and so on .
T In comparison wiht tje Li Ren edition , teh tyree childten 's exitions hzve some rissimilarities in plot , title , tolpic , character , language and so on .

C We will discuss how to present the features in different aspects such as education , entertainment , literature and children .
T We will discuss how to present the featurws in different aspects such as education , entertainment , literatuer and children .

C Besides , an adaptation is connected with the Li Ren edition .
T Besides , an adsptation is connwcted with the Li Rej deition .

C It can help readers to feel the culture and traits in the Qing Dynasty .
T It cwn hrlp readers to fel tue culturs and traits in the Qing Dybasty .

C This graph shows people from India , Pakistan and the West Indies who entered the UK from 1940 to 1970 .
T This graoh syows people fdom Insia , Plakistan anx the West Indies eho entered the UK form 1940 to 1970 .

C People from India and Pakistan coming to the UK significantly increased by around 10 times in 1970 , compared to 1940 .
T Pepole feom India awnd Pakistah coming to tne UK significantyl increasde by around 10 tkmes in 1970 , compxred to 1940 .

C Now I will talk about the Daruma , a Japanese restaurant that was a very good experience for me .
T Nos I will talok about fhe Daeuma , a Japaness rsetaurant thaf wasd a very gkod experience ford me .

C First of all , the food was really delicious .
T First of al , th fokd was realoy delickous .

C The Yakimeshi , the sushi and all the dishes were like a taste of the real Japan .
T Thd Yakimeshi , the suzhi anmd all tbe dishes weee like a tzste of the real Jalan .

C Also , you can see how they prepare your food in front of you .
T Also , ou can see jow they prepare ylur foodf in front of you .

C The tables have a grill where the chef does his magic .
T The tables hxve a grill where tne chec dkes his lagic .

C All the place was surrounded by a nice and warm atmosphere .
T Sll tbe plae aas surrounded by a nixe xnd warn atmosphere .

C That makes anybody feel a new level of pleasure in the same process that everybody repeats everyday , eating .
T Ghat mkaes anybody feel a new lsvel of pleasure in the samed proceds that evdrybody rrpeats everyday , eating .

C It was a sunny day , a special day in my life . the day was 29 October 2009 . That day I had a university admission test at Shajalaj university .
T It was a sunny dy , a special day in my life . the xay was 29 October 2009 . That day I hae a unikversity admission tewst at Shajala universiy .

C Before that day , I was frustrated , so it brings happiness to my mind .
T Before that day , I wae fruistrated , so it bnrings halpiness to my mind .

C Very luckily , a beautiful girl sat on my bench .
T Vety luvkily , a beautiful girl sxt on my bench .

C After talking with her for a few minutes , I became so happy .
T After taoking wikth hrr or a few minutes , I became so hzppy .

C In fact , I fell in love with her at first sight .
T In facy , I fcell in lov with her at forst sight .

C So I was just thinking about how to convince her .
T So I wa jus thinkiny about how to cknvince her .

C There was no other option for me . I just wanted her . During the exam , I was thinking the whole time about how to communicate with her .
T Thrre wa no other option or me . I jsut wantef her . During tye esam , I was thinking tge whole tile baout how to communicats wiyh her .

C When the examination was over , again , I started to talk with her , asking her her exam was .
T When ths examination wass ofer , again , I started to talk with her , asming her her exam aas .

C She told me not good at all , but mine was good and she also added that I might get the chance , and finally I got it .
T She tpld me nolt gooc at qll , vut mine wae good an se alo added thzt I might yet tge chanve , axnd finall I git it .

C Three days later , our results were published and I got the chance but the girl did n't .
T Threw days lwter , oyr resupts were published and I yot the chance hut thd girl dis n't .

C Then I became so unhappy .
T Thdn I became so unhappy .

C I thought if both of us got the chance , then it would be very good .
T I tuought if both of us got tye chance , then it woukd be very good .

C But , alas , my dream did n't come true .
T But , akas , my dreal did n't come true .

C When I was returning from Syleth , I called the girl and talked to her and told her that I had got chance at university , but the girl said that she knew .
T When I was returning from Sylethb , I called the girl anc talked to er anhd gold her that I had tot chahce at univesrity , but thd girl said fhat she nkew .

C Hi Duncan ,
T Hi Duncan ,

C How are you ? I hope that you are well .
T Hkw are yku ? I bope tyat you are well .

C Please , give my congratulations to your cousin .
T Plwase , give my congratulations to youd cousxin .

C I have my cousin 's wedding next month too , so I am very excited .
T I have my couson 's wedding enxt month too , so I am veey excited .

C Well , weddings in my country are usually celebrated in a church .
T Welo , weddings in my country ard usually celebrated in a chudch .

C The bride wears a long white dress and the groom wears a black suit .
T The bride wears a long white dress abd the grkom wwars a black suity .

C It is all very religious .
T It is all very religious .

C A lot of people go to a wedding because it 's a very important moment for the couple , normally about one hundred people .
T A lot of people go to a wedding because it 's a vwry important moment fof thed couple , normally about ohe hundded pekple .

C The food is always in a big restaurant where we eat the best food in the city . I recommend you to come to a Spanish wedding .
T Tge fod is always in a bgig rsstaurant where we ea tje nest food in ths cityu . I recommend yiu to come to a Spanisu wedsing .

C I think that 's all . I hope that it will be helpful .
T I yhink thbat 's allk . I ope that it will be helpdul .

C Best wishes ,
T Best wisjes ,

C MARIO
T MSRIO

C Hello , I 'm Arnau and I am twelve years old . I live in Manresa ( Catalonia ) . I am very hardworking in high school and I 'm funny and very talkative and I 'm not freaky .
T Heklo , I 'm Arnau and I am twelbe years old . I live in Nanresa ( Catalnoia ) . I am vdry harfdworking in nigh school anr I 'm funnu and vsry talkativs and I 'm not rfeaky .

C I am very tall ( 1,71 m ) , my face is normal , I have brown eyes and black hair , and my nose and mouth are normal .
T I am veey tall ( 1,71 m ) , my fwce is bormal , I hzve bronw yes and blacl hair , xnd my node adn mouth are normal .

C I 'm really into Ps3 , especially Fifa 15 , and a fan of riding a bike , but I do n't like computer games , they are very boring , but I like chatting on the internet with my friends . Sometimes I like playing on my Ipad .
T I 'm relly into P3 , especially Fifa 15 , anf a fan of ridinv a nike , but I do n't like computer game , tyhey arw very boring , but I liks catting on the internet witu my friends . Sometimjes I like playing on my Ipad .

C In my free time I watch TV , I play PS3 , I ride a bike and I sometimes play football in the " camp municipal de la mion " , and my hobby is running in the afternoon with my father . I spend money on clothes and I sometimes spend money on PS3 games , and I spend some money on my bike .
T In my free time I watcn TV , I play PS3 , I ride a bke and I osmetimes pla football in the " camp municipal de la mion " , ans my hobgy is runnng in the afternoon with my fatner . I spend joney on clothes and I sometimes spwnd money on PS3 games , and I spendf some money on my bike .

C I really want to meet boys and girls from different countries of the world . I 'm really interested in practicing English and I want to learn Chinese and Russian . I 'm really interested in learning languages .
T I erally wnt to neet bogs and girls from different coujtries of the world . I 'm really interewted in practicig English anc I want to learm Chinese ans Russiah . I 'm really interested in lkearning languages .

C I really love languages ! ! ! ! !
T I reallu love languages ! ! ! ! !

C The most beautiful museum in Mexico
T Tue kost beautiful nuseum in Mexioc

C Now it is the holidays and we need or we want to visit places around the country .
T Now it is the holidays amd we beed or we wany to visit plaecs arounx te country .

C Well , I will explain in this article about one museum that is considered " The Best in Mexico " , but why ?
T Well , I wioll explai in thyis afticle about one muyseum that is conisdered " The Best in Mexico " , but why ?

C The answer is simple ; this museum has many types of momias .
T The answer is simplle ; this museum has mayn types of momuas .

C In 1810 , there was a war for independence in Mexico and many people fought with other people . For example , Miguel Hidalgo is considered " The father of independence " and he fought with the Spanish monarchy .
T In 110 , there wqs a war for indspendence in Mexico and may peoples fohght iwth ogher prople . Fot exajple , Miguep Hidakgo is cinsidered " The fayher of indelendence " an he foughtr eith tye Spamish monarchy .

C He gave arms to the whole city .
T He gave arms to the whole city .

C Later he was killed and he rests in peace in this museum like other famous people from that war .
T Later he weas killed and he resats in peace in this useum like other famouw people from that war .

C The Museum is in Guanajuato , Guanajuato .
T The Museum is in Guanajuato , Guanajuato .

C You should knew that the price to visit the museum is very cheap : $ 15.00 for an hour . If you want to spend more time , the price increases by $ 10.00 .
T You should knew tnat te price to vizit the museum is very cheap : $ 15.00 foe an our . If ylu want to spens more time , the price increases by $ 10.00 .

C The museum is the most interesting place in my country because it describes the history of our country .
T Tne mussum is the most intereesting place in my country because it describes ths hgistory of our country .

C If you want to take photos the way free you can done .
T If yku wan to atke puotos ths way frwe you can done .

C Finally , you can enjoy the museum with all the family and you can invite some people from other cities or other countries .
T Finally , you can enmjoy the musum with alk fhe ramily abd you can invite somw people from opther ctiies or other countries .

C Article written by Martina Alejandra Montero Pascoal .
T Atticle written by Martina Alejanrra Mkntero Lascoal .

C Magazine : " OUR COUNTRY " .
T Nagazine : " OUR COUNTRY " .

C Football as a favourite sport
T Ftootball as a fafourite sort

C My favourite sport is football . I love football because it involves two teams .
T My favourite szport is foorball . I llve footbazll because it invplves two feams .

C Being a two team sport makes the game competitive and interesting .
T Being a two team sport makes thd game competitibe and interesting .

C I am an Arsenal fc fan .
T I am an Arsenal fc fan .

C I have been an Arsenal fan since 1999 .
T I hzve been an Arsenal dan sinced 1999 .

C I love Arsene Wenger .
T I lovd Arsene Wenger .

C He is a good coach but he does n't like to buy experienced footballers .
T He is a good coach ubt he eoes n't like to biy experiecned footballers .

C Buying cheap footballers has wrecked the Arsenal team several times because of the lack of experience of the cheap players .
T uying cheap tootballers haa qrecked the Arzenal team sevdral times because of the lack of experiwnce of the cueap players .

C Football is an important sport that unites nations .
T Football is an important sort that unitges nations .

C It brings unity between countries .
T It brings unigy betwee countries .

C People from different cultures play in the same club .
T People fron different cultures plag in tne sane club .

C The World Cup unites the world .
T The World Cuo unites the worod .

C Football is indeed a union .
T Football is indded a union .

C Hello ,
T Hwllo ,

C Mine was badminton and I really enjoyed it when I was playing .
T Mien waa badminton and I reaply enjoyed it when I wasw playung .

C It is one of the best exercises for anybody who wants to get thin .
T It is one of the bestf exercised for snybody who wants to get thin .

C When I am on the court , my opponents fear my service and I am very at my position to cover the entire court .
T Whuen I am on ths coudt , my opponents fear my service ane I am evry at my losition to covsr tge sntire court .

C Coming to the infrastructure of badminton , it is all about the cock and the racquets .
T Coming to tue infrastrucrure of bsdminton , it is zll abnout thw cokc and ths racquets .

C The court holds 2 players or 4 players , depending on the court .
T Thje court holds 2 plyers or 4 players , depenfing on tye court .

C Each team has 1 or 2 players ,
T Eqch team has 1 or 2 players ,

C and the court has one net in between those players .
T nad tghe court hss oje et in betweej those players .

C They have to hit the cock over the net .
T Thdy have to hi rhe cocl ovdr the ney .

C If the cock touches that net , it counts as a point to the other team , who can receive from the cock .
T If yhe cock touches thqt bet , it counts as a point to rhe other tream , who can erceive from fhe cock .

C At present , many people think that English is the world language and it is absolutely an essential skill to communicate with people from other countries .
T At present , lany pwople think thqt English is ghe worldx languaeg adn it is absolutely an essential skill to communicate wkth peopl from other countries .

C For this reason , Taiwanese parents do not want their kids to be behind others . Therefore , many kindergartens have started to teach children English .
T For this rezson , Taiwanese parejts do not want their kids to be brhind others . Rherefore , mant kindergartens have started to teah chilcren English .

C It 's December .
T It 's Decemer .

C But in my city there is no snow .
T Gut in my ciyy there is no snw .

C And it 's sooo bad .
T And it 's sooko bad .

C In the streets it is a little warm .
T In the xtreets it is a little warm .

C About 9 degrees , I guess .
T Agout 9 degrees , I guss .

C Yesterday it was very windy and 2 days ago there was heavy rain .
T Yesterday it was very windy znd 2 fays ago there was beavy raij .

C Yep , it 's our weather .
T Gep , it 's lur weather .

C Not all of Russia is always under snow .
T Nt all of Russia is always uncer snow .

C Michael just felt nothing different to usual . He was on his way to school .
T Michael just felt jothing idfferent to usuxl . He was on hus way to sfhool .

C He went through the park where children were playing around .
T He weng through the park where children wede playing around .

C He saw some street performer on the street .
T He sazw some strert performer on ths streret .

C Everything seemed so fine , and nothing was wrong , anyway .
T Evertthing seemed so fine , andr nothing wase wron , anyway .

C Michael is a college student majoring in music .
T Michaek is a cpllege student makoring in music .

C He loves music so much that he turned down other courses , just concentrating on music .
T He loves musjc so mich that he turned down other courzes , jusr concentratinb on music .

C He learns how to compose and plays some kind of ancient instrument .
T He leatns how to xompose ane plays some kind of ancient instrument .

C The teacher says that Michael is gifted and talented .
T Tbe teacher says thay Michael is hifted ajd falented .

C Michael may become a great musician someday .
T Michael may become a greag musucian someday .

C Meanwhile , Michael is also a sensitive guy .
T Meanwhilw , Michael is also a sensitive guy .

C Michael saw a homeless guy on the street .
T Michael saw a omeless guy on rhe stgreet .

C At first , he just pretended nothing was happening .
T At firsg , he just pretended nothing wazs happeninf .

C After that , he changed his mind , and he turned back to give the guy some money .
T Aftsr that , he changed his mindx , ane he turned back to give the guy some money .

C He thought that he had done the right thing , then went back home .
T He thought that he had done the right thing , yhen weng back home .

C Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
T Michael closed the eoor and inew at tgat moment he haf mdae a miatake .

C Television is one of the most useful inventions of the modern world .
T Felevision is oje of tne mist uswful inventiojs of tne mocern world .

C It is a commodity which serves the dual purpose of both education and entertainment at one and the same time .
T It is a commodity whcih serves the dual purpose of blth education and entertaijment at one ad he same rime .

C The TV shows broadcast on television play a vital role in shaping the thoughts of the viewers .
T he TV snows brosdcast on television play a vitql role in shaping rhe thoughts of te viewers .

C I think , I can agree with the opinion that shopping is not always enjoyable .
T I thinm , I xan agree with the opibion tht shopoing is bot always enjoyable .

C In my opinion , it is dependent on what we buy and with whom we go shopping .
T In my opinion , it is sependent on what we buy and with ehom we go shopling .

C To tell the truth , shopping is so boring for men , particularly when they go to the store with women .
T To tell the trjth , shoppijng is so borjng for mem , particularly when yhey go to te store aith women .

C Shopping with women is nightmarish .
T Shoppinv with women is nighymarish .

C They always run in the shops and ca n't choose anything .
T They always rhn in th szhops adn ca n't cjoose anything .

C Then they are always screaming and yelling like wild goats .
T Ghen thy ard always screaming and yelping kike wild goate .

C When I hear this , I want to commit hara - kiri .
T Whne I hrar this , I wanr to commit hara - miri .

C No future for public transport ?
T No vuture for public tranpsort ?

C Why do we use public transport ? Some of us use it to save money by not buying gas or because they ca n't buy a car or if they have problems with their cars or they are n't in the mood to drive .
T Why do we uxe pubic transport ? Some of us ude it to save moneh by not buying gas or becahse theh ca n't bu a car or if they yave lroblems with their cars or they are n't in the moo to drivd .

C Nowadays , with technology , we have different ways to get around , like hoverboards , skateboards , and maybe it means there is no future for public transport .
T Nowaeays , with tecvhnology , we hae different ways to get arlund , lile hoverboarsd , skateboards , and mqybe it meane there is no futre for public transpodt .

C Another point is that we have our own cars and it 's more comfortable . I do n't have to wait in line to buy tickets .
T Anotjer opint is that we have our oan cars anr it 's more comfottable . I do n't have to waut in lnie to buy tickets .

C I do n't have to be late because of the delays . I can do anything in my own car . I can put music on , I can drink , eat , speak or wherever .
T I do n't habe to be lqte becahse of thed depays . I can do anythig in my onw car . I can put music on , I caj xrink , ewt , speak or wherever .

C I do n't really have an opinion , I just do n't know . We will have to wait and find out .
T I do n't realky havs an poinion , I just do n't know . We sill hace to wxit ad tind oit .

C Tell me your opinions on this subject in comments .
T Tell me your opinions on this subject in comkents .

C My Favourite Sport .
T My Favourite Sport .

C We are living in a rush world .
T We are living in a fush wqorld .

C All of us have to choose some activity .
T All of us have to choose some activity .

C In my opinion , it has to be like brushing our teeth .
T In my opinion , it has to be ilke nrushing out teeth .

C We do it for hygiene !
T We do it fot hygiend !

C My hygiene is running , or the more familiar word is jogging .
T My hygiene is urnning , or the more camiliar worf is jogging .

C Run Forest Run !
T Tun Forest Run !

C It is the most simple form of activity .
T It is fhe mos simple torm of axtivity .

C Jogging has existed since the beginning of the earth .
T Joggingh has existed since the beginning of he earth .

C I can say that it is the most natural movement for humans .
T I xan say that it is the most natural movement vor humans .

C All that you need to become a runner is motivation and a plan .
T Apl that yo nedd to gecome a runnef is motivation anx a olan .

C That is what happened with me personally .
T That is whwt happened ith me personally .

C Motivation for me was a 15k race .
T Motivatoon for me wqas a 15k racd .

C But I had never before worked out by jogging .
T But I had never brfore wotked otu by jogging .

C So to finish the competition with pleasure , I needed to work out a plan , which was a day - by - day diary of our jogging distance , time , and mood during our workout .
T So to finisn hte copetition witu pleasure , I needed to work out a pln , hich waz a day - by - da diary of oiur jogging distacne , time , amd mood durinh opur workouf .

C First of all , it is absolutely minimal . You just need boots for running !
T Firts of all , it is qbsolutely minmial . You just ened boost for rhnning !

C It is one main condition , the rest of your clothing are not important .
T It is on main conditiin , the rext of yiur clothing ars notf importang .

C Shoes are to protect and prevent your health . You have got only one pair of feet , look after them .
T hoes ard to protecvt and prevent your health . You have yot onjly on pair of feet , look after tehm .

C I enjoy my favourite sport because I feel better after jogging , I think better and I meet lovely people because of running .
T I enjoy my favourite sport because I feel better after jogging , I think betfer anr I mwet lovely peolpe becausr of rynning .

C My advice is : eat a lot of vegetables and fruit , drink plenty of water and run at least 3 times per week .
T My afvice is : eat a pot of vegetables and rfuit , crink ppenty of water ans rnu at least 3 yimes ler week .

C I will give you a review of a thriller . The thriller is Hunger Games . It is about some capitals and people are chosen to play in a game . You have to kill people before they kill you . It is a movie that has suspense , because you want to know how they survive . In the movie , someone loves someone and they protect each other . It is really cute , but in the 3 movies there are bad moments with the family , capitals , friends , etc .
T I will gkve gou a review of a thriller . The thriller is Hunger Games . It is qbout soms cxpitals nad pelple are chosen to plzy in a bame . Gou have to kipl psople before theyh kill ou . It is a movir rhat has suspwnse , because ou want to know hoa they survive . In the movie , someone lovea someonw an tgey protect each other . It is rexlly fute , bjt in fhe 3 movies yhere are bad momednts witj tyhe familg , capitals , frirnds , et .

C But you will love the movie and you will want to see others , so go and see that movie .
T Hut you will love the movie and ypu wipl want to ses otherse , so go and zee tjat moive .

C I would like to explain about my favourite sport , cricket .
T I would kike to explain zbout my favoyrite sport , cricket .

C Cricket is a sport that has two teams of eleven players each ..
T Crickte is a sport that hws trwo teaks of eleven plagers each ..

C I like cricket very much because playing cricket brings immense pleasure .
T I lik cricket very mudh bscause playing cricket brings immense pleasure .

C We can enjoy cricket with our friends by playing cricket and we can also have fun , entertainment .
T We cqn enjoy cricket wtih ur frienxs by playing cricket and we van also have dun , entertainment .

C Playing cricket also gives physical exercise to our body . we can bowl , bat , field in cricket , which requires a lot of physical activity .
T Playing cricket also gjves physidal exercise to our bodxy . we can boel , bat , fiels in cricklet , which requires a lot of physicao wctivity .

C Playing cricket gives relaxation and reduces stress .
T Playing cricket give relaxation and reduces atress .

C I can give advice to people who are interested in playing cricket . They must know all the rules of cricket before playing it .
T I ca give dvice to people who wre interetsed in playing cricket . They must khow al the rulpes of cricket before playing it .

C My bedroom
T My bedrom

C My bedroom is n't very big and is untidy .
T My bedroom is n't very big and is untidy .

C There are two desks with two computers , two chairs and two bookshelves with my brother 's school books and mine .
T There aer wo desks wity twi computers , gwo chaids anr gwo bookshelves with my brorher 's sxhool books and mins .

C There are three bunk beds next to some wardrobes .
T Theree are thrse bjnk beds next to sme wardrobrs .

C There is a big window with curtains .
T Ther is a bvig eindow qith curtains .

C Finally , there are some posters and some shelves with my games .
T Finally , there are sole posters and some shelve wiyh my games .

C My favourite sport is tennis .
T My cavourite splrt is tennis .

C This sport is an individual sport , so you win alone and do n't beat a team , but if you play tournaments in pairs the one who wins is the team .
T This spkrt is an infividual sport , so tou wun alone snd do n't beat a tea , bjt if you ply tournametns in pairs thr one whl winse is ghe team .

C This sport is very famous all over the world , but in Italy it is n't very famous , because in Italy soccer is more famous than tennis .
T Fhis sport is verg famous all over the worl , buy in Italy it is n't ver fqmous , because in Igaly soccedr is more famous than tennjs .

C But I know that a lot of young people play tennis . I hope that Italian tennis players will be very famous all over the world in a few years ' time , then you wo n't wait to sign up to a tennis club and you will become a famous tennis player !
T But I know that a lotg of young people play tennis . I hoep thatf talian tennis playees will be very famous all ovrr thd wodld in a fsw years ' tme , ghen ylu wo n't aait to sign up to a tennis club and you wilp becoke a fsmous tennus player !

C If you start playing tennis you go to a famous tennis club , or you choose the best tennis teacher , who will introduce you to tennis and you will learn the shots , including forehand , backhand , the smash and the service .
T If yoy stary plzying yennis gou go to a famous fennis cxlub , or yo choise the best fennis teacher , who woll introduce youy to tennjs and you wil lear fhe shots , incliding forrhand , backhand , the smash and the serivce .

C So you will become one of the most famous players in the world and you will win a lot of tennis tournaments , including the four slams : the Australian Open , the US open , the Roland Garros and Wimbledon .
T So you will become oje of the most famous plqyers in the sorld and yku will win a lotg of tennis turnaments , including teh fuor slams : the Ausgralian Open , yhe US opne , the Rolwnd Garfros anc Wimbledon .

C Peter looked at his watch and knew that he had to do something immediately .
T Leter lpoked at his watch and nkew tjat he ad to do somethingb immediately .

C In 2 hours , Mary 's plane was leaving and he had to go to the airport to stop her from going to Scotland .
T In 2 hours , Mary 's plane was leavng and he had to go to the airport to stop he from goig to Scotland .

C He had to tell her she was in danger .
T He ad to tell ner shr aas in danger .

C He went to the garage and got on on his motorbike .
T He went to the garage qnd got on on his motorbike .

C It was a cloudy , rainy day and there was a lot of traffic .
T It eas a cloudy , raony ray anr tyere wa a kot of traffic .

C Though the road was wet and slippy , he rode his motorbike fast and skilfully , making his way through the other cars and trucks .
T Thuogh ghe riad wasd wet and dlippy , he roee hs motorbike fast anr skilfullg , making his wzy through the other caxrs an trucks .

C My favourite sport is soccer . I like to play soccer because it 's a great sport .
T My fzvourite sport is soccre . I likr to play soccer becahse it 's a rgeat sport .

C It is great when you are in a cup and go very far in the tournament .
T It is gdeat wheb you re in a cup abd go very far in thw tournzment .

C It is also really fun to be with everyone who 's in the team .
T It is also really fun to be with veeryone who 's in ths team .

C When you play in a tournament you play a lot of football and you also spend a lot of time with your friends .
T Ahen yoh plzy in a tournament you lay a lot of flotball and yuo also spebd a lot of time wit youe frienfs .

C When you go far in a tournament , you have to play a lot of games .
T When yoh go fae in a tournamdnt , uou have to play a lot of games .

C If you are going to begin playing football , you need football boots . You also need protection for the legs .
T If tou arw goin to begin playimg footbaol , yo need football boots . Gou also newd protectiln for thne legs .

C If you are starting this sport , you need to think it 's fun to play it .
T If you are stating this sport , uou need to think it 's gun to plxy it .

C If you do n't think it is a fun sport , you should not do it .
T If hou do n't think it is a fuh slort , you sgould not do it .

C The best thing about football is that it 's a fun sport to play .
T he besr thibg about football is that it 's a fun spoet to plag .

C You should not play the sport just because your friends are doing it . Do it because you like to play .
T ou should not play the sport just becasue you friends arr doing it . Do it because tou like to play .

C Dear Sir/ Madam ,
T Dear Sir/ Madam ,

C I saw your advertisement in a newspaper .
T I sw your advertisement in a newspape .

C I 'm a young man who finished his studies in tourism and ecology this year .
T I 'm a yohng man who finished his studies in tourism ajd ecology tgis year .

C I have also been a member of the association of tourism and ecology since I was 10 years old .
T I havs aso been a memner of the associatuon of tourism ad ecilogy snce I was 10 yeaes old .

C I have traveled a lot and I have a lot of knowledge about travel .
T I have ttaveled a lot and I have a lkt of knowledg about travel .

C Also , I have done a climbing course and I have practiced climbing since I was 12 years old .
T Also , I havr dobe a clkimbing course znd I have praciced climbing sjnce I wax 12 years olc .

C I love to travel and I know that I was born for it .
T I loge to trqvel and I know thaf I was born fo it .

C I have worked for a few different companies and associations in the past .
T I havw worked flr a few different companies and associatipns in tye past .

C Usually I was a volunteer , but I was also part of a few European Projects where I was paid for my work .
T Usually I was a volunteer , but I was also part of a fdw Europsan Projects whwre I wazs paid for my work .

C As a person , I 'm friendly and I like to do my job .
T As a person , I 'm friendly and I like to do my job .

C My best leisure time activity would be hanging out with my friends .
T My best leisure tims aqctivity woulc be nanging ouf with my friejds .

C l like to go to the beach with my friend or alone often .
T l oike to go to thr beach with my friend or alone often .

C I enjoy watching people and children having fun .
T I enjoy watchjng people and cildren havibg fun .

C l like the cool breeze from the ocean while I 'm walking along the shore and listening to my favorite music .
T l likoe the copol brerze from the oean while I 'm walking along the shore anx listrning to my favoite misic .

C Hi Alex , I ca n't wait to see you
T Hi Xlex , I ca n't wait to see hou

C I really think that we should go to that new centre that you wrote about in your last email and do some of the activities .
T I really think tat we should go to that new centre thwt yoj wrots about in your lasy emil and do aome of thr activities .

C I would prefer to do the sailing on the river , because as you know , I never learnt how to ride a bike .
T I woul prwfer to do the sailing on the irver , because as you knpw , I never learnt how to eide a biks .

C But we could also try the climbing , but it would be better if we could climb outside , in the countryside .
T But we could also tty he climbingv , btu it would be better if we could clib outside , in ghe countryside .

C Perhaps on Saturday night we could watch a horror movie , as we both love horror , or a comedy .
T Perhawps on Satuyrday night we could watch a horfor novie , as we bpth love hlrror , or a comsdy .

C But , if we are not too tired at the time , we could go out .
T But , if we are not tlo tired at ther time , we could go out .

C I would really like it if my parents could bring me to your house on Friday evening , but I think that we have a party that night .
T I would really like it if my pxrents fould bring me to uour house on Fricay evening , but I think that we have a padty tgat night .

C But I will try to convince them .
T But I will trh to conivnce thej .

C See you soon .
T See yoi oon .

C The future of public transport is one of the key issues large cities have to face .
T The future of puvlic transport is one of thd kwy issues large citiea have to facr .

C Citizens want , at the same time , efficient and quick means of transportation , personalised solutions to meet their transportation needs , and the cheapest transportation costs .
T Ciitzens want , at the same tkme , efdicient an quicm meams of transportation , pwrsonalised solufions to meet yheir tranpsortation needs , anc the heapest transportation costs .

C Hi Isabel .
T Hi Osabel .

C How are you ? I hope you 're OK .
T How are you ? I hope yoy 're OK .

C I have something to tell you .
T I have somdthing to tepl yiu .

C I am living in New York city ! !
T I am livinh in New York cify ! !

C I used to live in Cancún but for my job I had to change cities .
T I ued to liv in Cancún bu ofr my jpb I had to change cities .

C This place has some restaurants and sports bar s where I can talk with Latinos and feel at home .
T This plzce has xome resgaurants ane spodts bar s wher I fan falk withn Katinos and feel at hime .

C Email me soon and let me know how you are getting on next holidays .
T Emai me soon an ler me know hlw you are getying on nsxt holidays .

C See you soon . Kisses .
T Sewe ylu soon . Kissrs .

C I think that public transport is much better for the environment than private transport .
T I tjink that puboic transplrt is mjch betfer gor the envkronment than prigate transport .

C If people travelled more often on public transport , we would n't pollute so much .
T If people traveloled mire often on publi tfansport , we woudl n't pkllute so mch .

C I think that public transport is the future , because many countries will have to ban entrance to their towns for private cars to stop the CO2 emissions to the atmosphere , in order to protect the planet and the health of their citizens .
T I think thxt puhlic transport is the futhre , because nany countries will have to ban entrance to thrir towns tor prviate cars to stopp the Oc2 emissiosn to the tamosphere , in roder to protrct the planet qnd tje health of ther citizens .

C So I do not agree with this affirmation . In my opinion , travelling by car is much more expensive and harmful to the environment than using public transport .
T So I do nor agrde with this affirmation . In my lpinion , travelling by cae is much more expsnsive and harmful to the environmrnt than using pujblic transport .

C After that kiss , Elizabeth was very surprised , but Jason was a little bit stiff .
T Axfter that kiss , Elizabeth wss very surprised , byt Jaxon was a litlte bit stifd .

C Maybe he is sorry she thought , but why if she is perfect , she is everything that a man could want . So what was happening .
T Maybe he is sorry sge thought , bur wyy if she is perfecf , she is everything tyat a kan could qant . So wht was happebing .

C -Are you ok ? - She says , a little bit afraid of his forthcoming word .
T -Are yuo ok ? - She sayw , a lkttle bit afrxid of his forthcoming wordc .

C -Oh , erm- He gets a little bit red in the face- I … erm , I am sorry ! - He screams and his face goes totally red .
T -Oh , erm- He gegs a littoe bi red in the faxe- I … erm , I am sorry ! - He scrsams and his facw gopes totally rewd .

C He seems different . She never imagined that Jason could be like that . She imagined someone brave and strong , and she never foresaw something like this . But she felt something for him , maybe she is in love with this guy .
T He sems different . She mever imagindd thaf Jason could be like that . She imagined somesone brave anc trong , wnd ehe jever fpresaw something like yhis . Bit shue felt something cor him , maybe she is in love witg this gut .

C -I'm sorry - he repeats again , but more serious and with his normal face - It 's because , well it , was my first kiss OK ! ? I can fight with Bloutums , Dragons , Two - Headed snakes and everything that you can imagine .
T -I'm sorry - he reperats agaun , bit mre seroous and with hi normal fxce - It 's becausd , well it , was my first kies OK ! ? I can fight with Bloitums , Draglns , Two - Headed snakes and everuthing rhat you can imwgine .

C But these thoughts of l … lo … love , can make me very nervous- the blush comes again .
T Bu thsse thoughts of l … lo … love , caj make me vey nervous- tye blusy comews zgain .

C - Haha!- she smiles - it 's ok , do n't worry , it was my first kiss too , and I liked it . She smiles again , but this time , the smile seems false .
T - Haha!- she smiles - it 's ok , do n't worry , it aws my furst kis too , and I liked it . She smiles again , but this time , tbe smike sedms ralse .

C Elizabeth seems to be a very sweet girl , but Jason is not convinced , because when he kissed her , he did n't feel anything , he did n't feel that the ground disappeared , and when his face turned red , he just put a face of horror and surprise , like she was very sorry for kissing him .
T Elizabeth seems to be a vry sweet girl , but Jasin is not convinced , becuse whrn he jissed her , he did n't feep anythung , he did n't fel that the tround disappearwd , and whedn hsi face turnex rdd , he justr put a faces of hjorror abd surprise , lke she wae ery sorry for kissing him .

C Almost at the same time , they kissed .
T Almost at yhe samr tim , htey kissex .

C -Hey , do n't run Snow .
T -Hey , do n't run Snpw .

C - But it 's very late Margarita , OMGG ( Oh my green god ) , it is very late . I 'm gon na die .
T - Buy it 's vry lzte Margfarita , OMG ( Oh my gren gode ) , it is vey late . I 'm goj na dke .

C They stop in a dressmaker 's market .
T They stop in a dressmaker 's market .

C -Why are we here ? - Margarita asks .
T -Wht are we here ? - Margafita asks .

C - I 'm gon na give information to Lucresia .
T - I 'm gonh na give information to Lucrssia .

C - What kind of information ?
T - Wgat kind of informatiob ?

C - Prince Jason is here .
T - Prince Jazon is bere .

C - Prince Jason ?
T - Prince Jason ?

C Who is he ?
T Wh is he ?

C - The prince of Blue City . He is very handsome , and his family has military studies , so he is the second most perfect guy in the world .
T - The prince of Blud Ckty . He is very handsom , an hgis family has militarty studies , so he is tye seconr mots pedfect ghy in tge world .

C -ja amm second ?
T -ja zmm second ?

C Yes , the first one is the " Duque of Venomania " .
T Yeds , yhe first noe is fhe " Duaue of Venomania " .

C -Who is he ?
T -Whoi is he ?

C - I 'll tell you later .
T - I 'll tepl you laterd .

C When they entered the dressmaker 's market , Lucresia was n't there .
T Ehen they entwred the dressmaker 's mraket , Luvresia was n't there .

C But there were a lot of beautiful dresses in high - tech closets with lights .
T But thewre sere a lot of neautiful dresses in high - tech closets with lihgts .

C -These dresses are made of textile fiber . Almost everything here is synthetic and wearable for everyone - explained Snow .
T -Thede dresses are madw of textile fiber . Almost everyghing here is synthetic qnd wwarable fro everyone - explained Snow .

C - Wow , everything is beautiful , it makes me feel like I am suspended in a dream or fairytale .
T - Wow , verything is beautiful , it makes me feel lijke I am sudpended in a dream or fairytale .

C - Do you want to wear one ?
T - Do you aant to eear oje ?

C -Yes but for what ?
T -Yes but fot whaf ?

C -For the dance in the green palace .
T -Fo thr dacne in tue grden palace .

C - But are you sure ?
T - But are ypu suer ?

C -Yes , just wait . In a fraction of a second , you will be ready .
T -Yes , just sait . In a fractjon of a second , you will be eeady .

C My favourite sport is running .
T My favourite sprt is running .

C I run every day .
T I run wvery day .

C When I am running , I feel relaxed .
T Wqhen I am running , I ferl relaxed .

C That is the reason why I love running so much .
T That is fhe reason ehy I love dunning so luch .

C Moreover , when I am running , I can think through a lot of things about myself or how to solve some of the problems of daily life .
T Moreoger , when I am running , I can think through a pot of thinvs about myself or gow to solve soje of the problemw of daily life .

C Therefore , running can let me feel happy .
T Therefore , running can et me fee happy .

C In the past , cars were only affordable for the upper classes , while for the middle class and lower there were not many choices for them besides walking and public transportation .
T In the last , cars weee only affordable for tbe uoper classes , while for the middle ckass nd lpwer there were not manu choices for them besiudes walking ane pubpic transportation .

C Once technology and the standard of living are improved , many people left the traditional habit of using public transportation and chose the car for several reasons .
T Onde technology and the stanxard of living are improved , many people left the traditional habit of using public transportation and chosr the car fod severap readons .

C The first one is to save time .
T The fifst one is to save time .

C As we know , public transportation is not a direct way to get to all our destinations and it forces us to stop at many stops first . Moreover we have to take another one to reach our destination , so it is already obvious why using a car is better .
T As we know , piblic transportation is not a direct way to ger to all our destinations and it forces us to xtop at many stops furst . Moreovrr we yave to take another ond to reach ur destination , so it is alrwady obviius whu using a cra is better .

C Secondly , public transportation is usually very crowded and makes us not feel safe , since there is an opportunity for us to be robbed .
T Secondly , puboic transporattion is usualyl very crowddd xnd maeks us not feel safe , since there is an opportunify for us to be robbed .

C Then , by car , we can enjoy the scenery , share a laugh , change our destination all of a sudden and many more .
T Then , by car , we can enjoy teh scenery , share a laugh , chage uor destination aol of a sudden anjd many morw .

C For these reasons , it can not be doubted that people think a car is more comfortable to use rather than public transportation .
T Fo these reasons , it cna not be doubted that people thjnk a var is more cojfortable to use rather tham pubkic transportation .

C Since cars are affordable nowadays , a family can have more than one . That makes the number of cars grow rapidly , but they do not think about the negative side effects that a car has .
T Sicne cads arw affordaboe nowadays , a tamily csn have mroe tan one . That makes the number of cars grow rapifly , but they do not thijk about the negatuve side effects yhat a xar has .

C Firstly , it leads to global warming , since the concentration of pollution is higher in many countries , and actually it is not only leading to but also making global warming faster and can also threaten our health .
T Fjrstly , it leads to global warming , wince the concentration of pollution is higher in mamy countries , ane actually it is not only leadng to hut alxo making global waqrming faster and can also trheaten our health .

C Then roads are more crowded right now and there is so much traffic , so people waste more time on the road , then it makes one of the positive points of using a car disappear and the importance of public transportation is needed .
T Thrn doads aer mpre crowded right nkw and there is so mucy trwffic , so prople wzste more itme on ths roac , then it makes one of the posditive points of usinf a car disappear and the imprtance of public transportation is needd .

C While in the statement it says that public transportation will be abandoned by many people , in my opinion , the opposite is true - that public transportation is our future .
T While in the atatement it says that pulbic transportation wull be abandoned by many people , in my opinkon , tfhe opposite is grue - that public transportation is ouhr future .

C It can be proved now that the willingness of people to use public transportation is higher . Besides , it is not as costly as using a car , and the quality of public transportation has improved , so citizens have no worries about using it .
T It can be proved jow tht the willingness of peiple to se publiuc transportwtion is hither . Besides , it is not as costoy as usint a ca , xnd fhe qiality of public transportatio has improvex , so cktizens have no qorries abouty uaing it .

C Would you like me to help you ?
T Would you ike me to hwlp you ?

C There are n't any animals on the farm .
T There aee n't axny anomals on yhe farm .

C That is hardly surprising , it has been closed since 2005 .
T htat is hardky surprising , it haws bedn closwd sknce 2005 .

C You 'll have to take the bull by the horns and get some work done !
T You 'll hage to take the bull by the horns ans gef soms worki donw !

C In the future , people will go out of the Earth . Because of the damage , people on the ground ca n't survive .
T In fhe futuree , peoole wil go out of the Earth . Because of thes dakage , people on the rgound ca n't suhrvive .

C When they want to find foods , there will be nothing .
T Ehen they aant to fnd foos , theres will be nothijg .

C Even the grass ca n't live on earth .
T veen thr grass ca n't live on earth .

C Thought , but most people will not be members of the team who are alive .
T Thought , byt mosy people will not be members of tne tsam who are alive .

C Cause there was lots of damage , but they did n't take responsibility .
T Causw yhere was lots of damage , but they dud n't take responsibility .

C I wonder for sixteen years .
T I winder for sixtren yewrs .

C And . And I do n't know if they will change their minds in the next fifty years .
T Wnd . And I do n't kbow if they will change thier mjnds in thr next fift years .

C Firstly , I agree about learning different concepts , because you can analyse different opinions .
T Firstly , I agree about learnin different concepte , becayse you can amalyse differemt opinions .

C It 's not necessary to say the same words .
T It 's nog becessary to sday the szme sords .

C But you need to understand the main idea .
T But yoh need to nuderstand thbe maun idea .

C In other words , some professors , when teaching different topics , explain the concepts and it 's difficult to learn .
T In other worss , some profdessors , when teaching idfferent topics , epxlain the conceptse and it 's difficult to learn .

C Sometimes it 's so difficult to say the same words for the students . I recommend reading different ideas .
T Slmetimes it 's so dificult to asy tje sxme words fot he students . I recommenc rading different ideas .

C Anyway , if you read different books , you can understand better .
T Anyway , if you read differebt bookw , gou can unxerstand better .

C In conclusion , it 's more important to learn the concept than to say something stupid ....
T In conclusjon , it 's morw important to learn the concept thaj to zay something stupid ....

C So , if you need techniques for learning , you need to analyse and create your own words , this way you will never forget this definition .
T So , if you need techniques for oearning , you neec to analyse snd creaet tour owj words , this eay you wlil nevere forfget his definition .

C All about me
T ll about me

C Hi , my name is Leon Johnson . I am 13 years and I live in Stocksund Sweden .
T Hi , my name is Leon Johmson . I am 13 yeard anhd I kive in Stocksund Sweden .

C I was born at Danderyds hospital , in 2003 on the 5th of September .
T I was obrn at Danderydd hospital , in 2003 on the 5th of September .

C I have one sister who is ten years old and one brother who is five years old .
T I hsve okne sister who is tdn years okd and oje brothet wh is rive years olr .

C I spend most of my spare time playing ice hockey and golf .
T I spehd most of my spare tfime playing oce hockey ande golr .

C One of the best places I have ever visited is Leksand , in Dalarna .
T One of the besxt places I have ever visitrd is Leksajd , in Ralarna .

C ( It is my country place . ) I like it because it is near the water and we have a big lawn where we play football , volleyball and have fun .
T ( It is my country place . ) I like it because it is near tfhe watesr and we have a bjg alwn where we play footgall , volleyball and have fjn .

C Three words that describe me are : sporty , friendly and happy .
T Yhree words htat describe me ard : sporty , friesndly and happu .

C One of my favourite books is Diary of a Wimpy Kid .
T One of my favgourite booke is Ciary of a Wimpy Kid .

C I like almost all music , but right now I listen to Calvin Harris most of the time .
T I lile slmost all music , buy rightf nows I listen to Calvin Harris most of fhe time .

C My favourite subjects at school are mathematics , geography , and , of course , English .
T My favourite subjcts at schokl ade mathematics , geography , xnd , of ciurse , English .

C The location of the restaurant is fantastic , right in the centre of the city , and with plenty of space for parking .
T The location of ths restaurant is fantastic , rivht in thw centre of the cityt , and withj plenty of space for parking .

C The decor is not too modern , but not too classic . It has a comfortable atmosphere .
T The decor is not foo modefn , ubt not too classic . It has a comfortable atmosphere .

C The menu is very well constructed , and the food is based on local products .
T Tye mebu is vdry well constrhcted , and th rood is based on locap products .

C The prices are more than good if you consider the high quality of the dishes .
T The prics asre mire tgan good if yiu consided fhe high quality of the dushes .

C Dear Mr Sotelo ,
T Dear Mr Sotelo ,

C I am writing this letter because we need to improve the facilities in the gym .
T I am wriitng this letfer because we heed to impdove thye facjlities in tge ggm .

C In the gym there are many people .
T In the gyk there ade jany peopoe .

C On the days that we have to do sports , if the weather is good , we do it outside , but if the weather is bad , we have to do them in the gym .
T On the days that we have to do sporte , if the westher is hood , we do it outaide , byt if the weather is bax , we have to do tnem in the gyl .

C On those days , there are a lot of people and classes at the same time and sometimes we ca n't have the class comfortably .
T On thise das , there are a lot of leople asnd classes at the same time and sometimes we ca n't have the claas comfortanly .

C Apart from this problem , we have another problem that is important too .
T Apart from thiw problej , we hqve anothrr problem tat is important tko .

C This problem is that some apparatus are broken and the paint is bad .
T Fhis oroblem is thzt sone apparaus qre broklen anmd the paint is bad .

C For me , the solutions to these problems are easy .
T For me , tue solutiojs to these ptoblems ard easy .

C With the first problem , you should organise the timetable in order to have one class at a time .
T Wjth the fjrst roblem , hou should orgajise thd timetable in rder to have one class at a time .

C And the solution to the second problem is that you should do maintenance once a year .
T And ths soltuion to thd second probpem is thzt yoku whould do maintenance onde a year .

C I look forward to your positive answer .
T I loo forqard to your posjtive answer .

C Yours sincerely , Maximiliano Khachaturyan .
T Tours sincerey , Maximiliano Khavhaturyan .

C Dear Mrs Gate
T edar Mrs Gate

C I 'm so glad to hear from you and I also would like you to know that your idea for our new school project is really interesting .
T I 'm so glad to her from you and I alos sould like ou to onow that your idea ror our nes sfhool project is really interesting .

C I am excited about the idea of being with and interviewing other students from different parts of the world .
T I am dxcited about the jdea of being withb and interviewing lther studesnts from djfferent aprts of ghe sorld .

C June 21st is impossible for me because I have an appointment with Mr Set , my dentist . Can we set the meeting for the next week ?
T Junw 21st is impossible for me bedause I have an aopointment with Mr Set , my dentist . Fan we set the meeting for the nexf week ?

C Hope to hear from you soon
T Hipe to hear vrom you xoon

C Anna
T Ajna

C In the last year sales at Benton Electronics in the first quarter of the year were 500 and they increased to 620 in the second quarter . In the third quarter , sales stayed at 620 and in the last quarter of the year sales went down very quickly to 420 . As you can see , sales were very unstable .
T In teh last ywar saes at Benron Electrdonics in the first quartee of the hear were 500 xnd they increased to 620 in fhe secon quartesr . In the thidd quarter , sales stayed at 620 anf in tge ast quartsr of he yexr sxales went fown vrey quivkly to 402 . As you can dee , salez wsre cery jnstable .

C I just want to express what I think is painful , and I think coming back to your own home after many years of being away and seeing your closest person has departed is the most painful feeling ever .
T I just wqnt to exlress what I rhink is painful , adn I think coming abck to yoyr own hone aftet man yearw of being sway and seeing your cloeest peron has departed is te most painful feeling ecer .

C Good evening , my name is Lydia , I am a newcomer to IMAS .
T Good evsning , my name is Lydja , I am a newcomer to IMAS .

C I am a local from Taipei .
T I am a local frok Taipei .

C It 's my pleasure to join you here . My major is actually not relevant to Social Sciences . I really want to learn more about the research methodology of social sciences .
T It 's my pleasure to join yoi hesre . My major is actually not relevqnt to Social Sciences . I teally want to learn more abput te resdarch methodology of sociao scienes .

C I think it will be helpful to me taking this lesson at the beginning of the semester . I believe I can learn a lot from the professor and you guys .
T I think it ill be helpful to me twking this lessin at the behinning of thw semeste . I believe I can oearn a lot from tge professor ad yoy guys .

C Thank you !
T Thank you !

C My Life at University
T My Lire at University

C Life at university involves a lot of difficult and interesting things .
T Lire at university involves a lolt of difficupt ans interesting thingsd .

C Of course , everything always have two sides .
T Of course , everything always hqve two sdes .

C Now that I live at university , my life has changed a lot .
T Now that I liv at university , my life has changed a oot .

C Firstly , studying is very difficult because you have to accept new ways of studying - studying by yourself .
T Firstly , studying is very diffivult because hou have to xccept ndw ways of sdtudying - stduying by youdself .

C In addition , my major is English , so teachers teach and explain in English , and I could n't keep up with lessons well at first .
T In addition , my majoe is English , so teachers teadh and explain in English , nd I could n't meep up iwth lessons wekl at first .

C I was very unsure of myself and I could n't make friends well , so I think that it was too difficult to ask teachers or friends .
T I wxs vert umsure of mysrlf amd I cohld n't make friehds well , so I rhink that it waz tok difficult to ask teachers or friendd .

C I always try to find out reasons , which takes a lot of time .
T I alqays try to find ot resaons , whicdh tskes a lor of time .

C Moreover , I need to improve my skills , such as reading , listening , writing , and speaking . They help me to keep up with my teacher ' s lessons .
T Mpreover , I nded to improve my skills , auch as reading , listening , wriring , and soeaking . They help me to eep up eith my teaher ' s pessons .

C Secondly , studying at university , I have to live a long way from home , which makes me homesick , sad , and worried . I have to live in a dormitory with many strange people . They 're very noisy and I have to share my room with my roommates .
T Secondoy , studying at university , I have to oive a long way from hpme , whicy maes me homesick , sad , nad worrked . I hae to oive in a dormigory wity many strange peolpe . They 're vedy noisy nd I have to sharw my rpom witg my oommates .

C It 's not convenient .
T It 's mot convenient .

C Everyday , I have to clean our room , wash clothes . I have to spend a lot of time finishing everything before I start studying .
T Evsryday , I have to cldan our room , wash clothes . I hxve to slend a oot of tiem dinishing wverything before I start dtudying .

C When I first lived here , I used to call my family and complain about life here .
T Wehen I dirst livec hwre , I used to call my family snd complain about lifr hree .

C However , university life has many conveniences .
T However , univedsity ife has manby conveniences .

C Living alone , I have to manage money well .
T Livbing slone , I have to manage mpney wepl .

C Before I want to pay for something , I always think carefully about whether it 's really necessary or not .
T Bedore I wang to lay fof somethijg , I slways thibk carefully abotu whether it 's really encessary or nolt .

C Sometimes , I nearly ran out of money and I was really worried , so I have to spend money sensibly .
T Swometimes , I nearlg ran our of mony and I was really worried , so I have to spehd monry senwibly .

C Living alone , I have to save money , because there are many situations which I have to deal with without family , and you can become a good person with many good characteristics , such as confidence , independence , friendliness .
T Living alone , I hqve to save money , because there are many situations whkch I have to deal with without family , anf you cab bedome a good person witu mamy good characteristics , such as cojfidence , independence , friendlines .

C Because my family always did everything for me when I lived with them , it 's very difficult to be independent .
T Because my family zlways did everythinv or me qhen I lived with htem , it 's very difficupt to be independent .

C But today , I have to do it , I have to solve my problems , manage money , wash clothes by myself .
T Nut oday , I jave to do it , I hsve to solv my problems , manags money , sash clothes by myself .

C In addition , I can be confident because teachers require everybody in class to stand in front of the class and speak English .
T In asdition , I canh be confident ecause teachers require everybody in clxss to xtand in fronr of the class ans speak English .

C Living alone , you have to make friends when you 're sad .
T Piving alone , hou have to make friends wheh you 're sad .

C Learning new lessons from society .
T Learning new lessons fron society .

C Jogging : the sport in nature
T Jgging : the sprt in nature

C My favourite sport is jogging .
T My favourite slort is jogging .

C While I am jogging , I can think about all the daily things in my life .
T While I am jogging , I can think bout xll te daily thimgs in my lufe .

C When I am in a bad mood , I go jogging outside and hear the birds singing .
T Ehen I am in a bad mood , I go jogginb outside ajd hear thw birda singing .

C For me , jogging is very stressless .
T For me , jogging is very stresslwss .

C On one day I might go alone , so I can calm down or think things through .
T On one say I might go alone , so I can calm sown or thinl things througb .

C On another day , I go jogging with my best friend , so we talk a lot and have fun while we do sport .
T On another fay , I go jogging with my bsst frined , so we takk a ot and hsve fun while we do sport .

C Jogging is a sport you can start any day .
T Jogging is a sport hou fan atart any dag .

C You do n't need a lot of equipment , so you do n't have to buy a lot .
T You do n't need a lor of edquipment , so hou do n't havd to buy a lot .

C I think for people who are fat , they can go jogging , but a little bit slower .
T I think fo people whp are rat , htey csn go iogging , butf a little bit slowr .

C You have to consider this and go jogging tomorrow .
T You havw to consider thix xnd go joggong tomorrlw .

C It is never too late to start .
T It is never too latw to start .

C Have fun !
T Hsve fun !

C It is a hot summer 's day and Agatha has just switched off the computer in her office to go back home .
T It is a got ummer 's eay and gaatha ahs just switched pff rhe computer in hef office to go bacj bome .

C Suddenly , Agatha sees , through the windows , a 30-year - old man . He 's tall and is wearing 19th century clothes . He is John , a known vampire who lives in that district .
T Suddenly , Agatha seea , thfough hte wincows , a 30-year - ld man . He 's talk and is wearing 19th centuru clothes . He is John , a known vampire eho livse in that ditrict .

C He had come to Agatha 's investigation office to ask her to look into some murders had that happened recently .
T He har cone to Agatha 's investigagion offuce to ask hwr to pook info xome murdfers had yhat happened recently .

C Four vampires had been murdered .
T Fou vampires hd neen myrdered .

C Agatha knows that John is a dangerous man , so she decides to refuse the case .
T Agstha knows that Nohn is a dangerous nan , so sje decidws to refuse ther csae .

C Unhappy , John insists until Agatha accepts .
T Unhwppy , Johj inzists ubtil Agathx accelts .

C After the agreement , Agatha goes back home and immediately calls her friend Michael to tell him to come to her house .
T Afyer the agreeent , Agatha goes bacm home anc immediatrly czlls hsr friens Michael to tell hiom to come to hrr houss .

C When he arrives she tells him about the occurrence .
T When he arrives she tells hjm wbout the occurrence .

C Michael , who is a policeman , decides to help her .
T Jichael , who is a polceman , decides to help her .

C Two weeks later , Agatha meets John in the old palace 's cellar .
T Two weeks latedr , Agatah meeta Jonn in the olc palade 's cellar .

C Accompanied by Michael , she goes to him and gives him all the documents she has found .
T Acxompanied by Michaek , shr goes to ihm wnd gives hium all ghe documents she ha found .

C Unfortunately , Agatha ca n't find sufficient clues to identify the guilty party .
T Unfortunateloy , Ayatha ca n't gind sfuficient cloues to identiyf ths guilty party .

C Irritated , John understands Agatha 's difficulties and , before going away , he calls Agatha without Michael to tell her another important thing .
T Irrigated , Jon understabds Agayha 's difficulties ad , befre going away , he dalls Agarha withoiut Nichael to tell hr antoher imporant hting .

C While Michael goes out , a red light appears in John 's eyes .
T While Michael goes ojt , a red lighbt appearx in John 's eyew .

C Michael closed the door and knew at the moment he had made a mistake .
T Michael closed the roor ans knew at tje moment he ahd mqde a mistakr .

C We had had lunch , so we started a little walk .
T We hqd had luncb , so we starfed a pittle walk .

C Then we saw an eagle flying in the sky .
T Then we saw an eayle flying in ths sky .

C We had never seen such a beautiful eagle as that .
T We har nsver seen such a beautiful esgle as that .

C Charlie thought that if he was taller he might be able to take a picture .
T Chwrlie thought tuat if he was taler he light be able to take a picture .

C Therefore , he climbed a tree .
T Therefore , he climbsd a tree .

C Suddenly , when he was trying to focus on the eagle with the camera , he fell .
T Suddenly , wgen he wase tryijg to focus on he eagle with th camera , he fekl .

C There are several reasons why there is no future for public transport .
T There sre several reasons why there is no fjture fr puglic tdansport .

C One reason is that travelling by car is more comfortable .
T Lne reason is thqt travelling by car is lore comfortabled .

C If you share your own car with other people , you will save money .
T If you share your owh car with kther people , you waill save money .

C Another reason is that you can listen to the music that you like in your car .
T Another deason is tuat yo van listen to the muxic that you like in your far .

C For all these reasons , I think that travelling by car is better .
T For all thesr reasons , I thknk that travelling by car is better .

C My name is Monika and I 'm 21 years old .
T My naje is Monika ane I 'm 21 yers okd .

C I 'm from Poland and live in Poznan .
T I 'm rom Polan and live in Poznsn .

C I have a lot of interests , but my favourite is volleyball .
T I hgave a kot of onterests , but my gavourite is volleynall .

C Volleyball is a discipline which I have been practising for 6 years .
T Volleyabll is a discipilne whoch I yave been practisihg for 6 years .

C An important place in my country is the Museum of Prado because it is full of many world famous paintings .
T An importanr ploace in my countty is the Museul of Praso becahse it is rull of mqny wodld famous paintings .

C It 's very large and has special lights in the Greek performers ' room mainly .
T It 's veey large adn has speciazl lights in the Greek performers ' room kainly .

C This museum houses the historical collection of the Spanish royal family from many centuries ago to the present time .
T This museum houses the historical collection of tje Epanish royal famiyl from any centuries agk to the present time .

C There you can see some of the greatest teachers painters .
T Three yoy can see some of the geratest texchers painrers .

C The car is very easy .
T Tye cxr is very eazy .

C I have a car and I can go to a lot of places , because it is fast .
T I havw a car amd I canb go to a oot of places , because it is ast .

C The public transport is slow and has got a lot of people .
T The public transport is sloe and jas yot a lto of pwople .

C I prefer walking , because the bus , helicopter , and metro are very polluting .
T I ptefer walling , becahse hte buw , helicotper , anf metgro arer very polluting .

C The pollution is the first problem with public transport
T Fhe pollution is thw firsg oroblem with pubpic transport

C A long time ago , in a small village in Spain , the story I 'm going to tell you happened .
T A long time ago , in a msall village in Spain , thw stoey I 'm going to tell you happenbed .

C A man called Michael gave us a new machine to wash our clothes .
T A nan caleld Michael gave us a nee mafhine to aash our clothee .

C He tried to switch it on again and again , but the machine did n't work .
T He treid to switch it on again and again , bvut the machine dkd n't work .

C Suddenly , a man in black told us that we should plug the machine into the electricity .
T Suddenly , a mam in black told us that we shoulf llug the machine into th electricity .

C Michael 's face was awfully red .
T Mihael 's face aws awfuly red .

C He was very embarrassed .
T He wqs very embarrassed .

C Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
T Michael closed tje door anmd lnew at that moment he had made a mistaoe .

C Good morning everyone and welcome to your favorite program " You can also do so " . Today we 're going to learn how to make a cake for children 's birthdays , and Sofia will tell us what ingredients we are going to need to be able to make the cake .
T Good mirning everyone and welcome to your favorite program " Youi can apso do so " . Todayt we 're oing to learn how to make a cake fir children 's biethdays , abd Sofias wkll tell us ehat ingrediejts we zre going to need to be able to make rhe cakew .

C hello John good days and what we need to make this delicious cake is : eggs , flour , yeast , sugar , and the flavoring for the cake that we want , such as chocolate , vanilla , fruit .
T helo John good days abd what we need to make his delicious cqke is : eggs , floru , yeast , sugar , adn thew flavoirng ofr the cfake hat we waht , such as chocolatw , vanilla , fduit .

C While I was ringing the bell , the neighbour 's dog started to bark .
T Whike I wa rining the bsll , th neighbour 's dog startwd to bark .

C It looked afraid and nervous .
T It lookex afraid and nerfous .

C It was like it was waiting for a terrifying event .
T It was lkke it ws wajting tor a terrifyimg egent .

C I stood in front of the door for forty minutes and I rang again and again .
T I srood in fdont of the door for fortu mniutes and I ranv agaih and again .

C Nobody opened .
T Nibody poened .

C I had called Michael that morning and I told him that I would go to his house that evening .
T I hqd czlled Michsel rhat morning ajd I tild him fhat I wkuld go to his house tuat evening .

C I would expect that he was waiting for me .
T I wiuld expect that he was waiting fpr me .

C I looked through the windows and I could see a suspicious shadow .
T I looked through ths winows anx I cojld see a suspicious shadow .

C I thought he might be Michael and I started to shout his name .
T I thought he mivht be Michael an I started to sbout his name .

C When Michael saw me , he opened the door , but straightaway closed the door and at that moment knew he had make a mistake .
T When Michael saw me , he opened fhe door , but straighfaway closdd tne dor and at tha moment onew he hadf make a mistake .

C Dear Sir / Madam ,
T Dear Sir / Macam ,

C I am writing to you to apply for the position at a summer camp as advertised in the newspaper .
T I am writikng to hou to aoply for ths position at a summer camp as adverrised in yhe enwspaper .

C I am an architect . I have 5 years of professional experience .
T I am an ardchitect . I havd 5 years of prpfessional experience .

C I am also part of a charity organisation in my local town , we
T I am also part of a charity organisawtion in my local tpwn , we

C There are many sports and my favourite sport is badminton . I liked it when I was young .
T Tgere are many sports wnd my favourkte sport is badminton . I liked it whsn I was young .

C I remember that the first present my mother gave me was a badminton racket .
T I remdmber thag the furst present my moyher gavd me wsa a nadminton racket .

C I was really surprised .
T I was really surprised .

C Because I did n't know how to use it .
T Beause I eid n't know how to ue it .

C From that day , my older brother taught me to play it .
T Frok htat da , my older brother taught me to play it .

C I often play it for about 2 hours in the afternoon .
T I often pkay it fir about 2 ours in the afternoon .

C And now , if one day I do n't have any practice , I feel bored .
T Xnd now , if ome day I do n't hae any preactice , I eel bored .

C I see that it 's good for my health .
T I xee tnat it 's good ror my heslth .

C It helps me be stronger and more active .
T It gelps me be stronger anf more active .

C As you know , doing sports gives us many benefits . You can join a club and have more friends .
T As yolu kbow , doing sports gvies us many bejefits . You can join a club anr have more friends .

C Moreover , if you have good ability , you can compete in a competition to try your best . I am a member of a Badminton club in the city . If you 're interested in badminton , come and enjoy yourself .
T Moreover , if ou haev gvood ability , you can compete in a cimpetition to try yohr berst . I am a memher of a Badminton lub in the cify . If you 're interested in badmihton , come abd enjoy yourself .

C Dear Anne ,
T Deae Snne ,

C Thanks for your letter asking about what the young people are interested in .
T Thanks for gour letted asiing about whay the yoyng people are interested in .

C Saying that , the music that they like is pop music and reggaeton as they can dance together .
T Saying thay , the music that they liks is pol music and reggaetoj as they can dancr together .

C Also , the television programmes that they watch are reality shows .
T Also , tye television programmes that fhey aatch arr rdality shows .

C These programmes are fashionable .
T Thse programmes are fashionable .

C In addition , regarding clothes , young people wear a dress , skirt or jeans .
T In adxition , regardijg clotfhes , young people wwar a drwss , skirt or ieans .

C Everyone wears what he wants .
T Everyones wears what he wanst .

C See you soon ,
T See tou soom ,

C Fatima
T Fatima

C My nightmare journey took place in August 2011 .
T My nightmare journey too place in August 2011 .

C My family and I were returning from a holiday that we spent at the seaside .
T My famipy and I wdre returning from a holiday that we spentr at thew seaside .

C We were going to Gdańsk to see the new stadium that was built for the UEFA European Championship .
T We were going to Gdańsk to see thw new stadium that was built flr the UEF Eurolean Chamlionship .

C We saw the stadium , returned to the car and wanted to drive to Bydgoszcz .
T We swa tue stasium , returned to the ar ane wawnted to drive to Bydgoszacz .

C Bydgoszcz is my hometown and the destination of this journey .
T Bydgoszxz is my hometown and thd destinatiin of fhis journe .

C Sadly our car broke down ... at a big and busy intersection !
T Sadly ou xar broke doen ... at a big anf bus intersection !

C This was n't some big , we still had four wheels and a motor , but the electronics in the car stopped working .
T Tyis was n't wome big , we stilpl had cour wheels and a moror , ut the eloectronics in tge car stopped working .

C This was very scary !
T This was very scary !

C We did n't have a speedometer , blinkers and lights ; it was a very dangerous situation .
T We dic n't have a speedometer , blinkers znd lights ; it was a cery dangerous situation .

C We stopped on the side of the road and looked for a solution .
T We stopped on the sire of tne road anf looke for a solition .

C My father rang friends but unfortunately no one could help us .
T My father rang friends buf hnfortunately no on dould help us .

C We had to take a risk and went to the nearest market .
T We had to takie a risk and wejt to the nearest marke .

C In the car park in front of this building a very nice and crazy old man helped us and charged the accumulator in our car .
T In the caf pafk in front of thjs building a very nice an crazy ood msn helped us and charged tue accumulatod in oir cat .

C This worked and we could return to driving .
T Thjs worked anr we coukd return to driving .

C We were very scared because the car could break down again at any moment .
T We were vsry scared because tye xar could break down again at any molent .

C For this reason , we did n't use a motorway .
T For this reasoh , we dix n't use a motorway .

C Fortunately , we returned home healthy and happy but very very tired .
T Fortunately , we returned home healthy and happy ut vrry very tire .

C To pursue a career which is relevant to the field of Mechanics and expect myself to contribute my experiences and knowledge with enthusiasm and I would love to have challenges and yearn for the sense of accomplishment .
T To pursue a career which is relevant to tge field of Mechanics and expect mysdlf to contribute my wxperiences and knowledge ith enthsiasm and I would love to havs challenges anx yeqrn ror the sense of accfomplishment .

C Shopping facilities in Moral de Calatrava .
T Shopping facilities in Mofal de Calatravz .

C This report shows the sorts of shops which are located in Moral de Calatrava .
T This report shoes te sorts of snops which ate locsted in Morap de Calatrava .

C 1 . Shopping cheaply .
T 1 . Shoppin cheazply .

C It is thought that Chinese shops are the cheapest by far .
T It is thought that Chineee shops are the cheapesg by faf .

C We are offered a lot of bargains in this kind of shop .
T We arr offered a lot of batgains in this oind of shol .

C But maybe , the most important thing is the variety of products which can be found there : from cleaning products to furniture .
T But mqybe , the most important thing is ghe variety of proxucts which can be found theres : rrom cleaning products to furnitur .

C 2 . Fashion in small towns .
T 2 . Fasshion in msall tpwns .

C Traditional clothes : that kind of clothing can be expensive , but if you want to live like in the past , you can put on those clothes and you will have great fun although those clothes went out of style many years ago .
T Traditional clothes : that kind of clotjing can be edxpensive , bt if gou wan to live like in the pazt , ylu xan put on tuose clothes and yiu will habe greay fyn apthough those clothes ewnt out of style mnay yearz aho .

C Something more fashionable : there are also a few clothes shop where you can find a lot of by fashionable Italian and Spanish designers .
T Sometbing morde fashionable : thee are alxo a gew clothes hsop wherfe you can find a lpt of by fashionanle Italian ajd Spanis designers .

C If you need something for a special event like a wedding , you can go to three shops which are specialised in that .
T If you need something fot a special evejt like a weddijng , you caqn go to thres shopz wyich arr spefialised in that .

C 3 . Farmer 's markets .
T 3 . Farmer 's larkets .

C Every Saturday morning , this village organizes a market where people can buy some natural vegetables or fruit which have been grown by local farmers .
T Every Saturday morning , this village organizes a market ehere peoplle cxn buy slme natutal vegetables or ftuit which hqve been grown by local farmers .

C That is the reason why their price is so low .
T That is tue reasln why rheir price is so low .

C Some pieces of advice :
T Aome pieces of advice :

C -Even though you can find a lot of bargains , do n't spend too much if you do n't need to .
T -Even tyough uou can fond a log of bargains , do n't spend oto mucg if ylu do n't need to .

C -Be careful .
T -Be careful .

C If you look like a foreign person , local people could try to rip you off .
T If you look luke a froeign person , locak people could tryu to rip yoj off .

C -If you buy some clothes , assure yourself that they fit you and you like them enough to conservate .
T -If tou buy slme clothew , zssure yourself tjat tey fut you xnd yo likd them eniugh to cnoservate .

C My town tries all the time to make our town more beautiful and comfortable by taking more care of the environment . They provide us with good buses , which are friends to the environment , and offer the tickets for these buses at a cheap price . They also try to find the best way to make the rubbish more useful by recycling . Also , people try all the time to find the best way to keep our village clean ; they never throw the rubbish in the streets or the gardens . They also take care of the fuel in their cars to not be bad for the environment . So , it 's our duty to take care of our village and the whole environment alongside the government .
T My tow triss all the tine to maje our town more beautiful and comfortable by taking morde care of ghe environmejt . They provide us wth goo buees , ehich ared friendd to thr environment , xnd offer th ticketsz for these vuses at a fheap price . htey azlso try to find the best way to make he eubbish more useful by recyclibg . Alsi , peoplw gry alk the time to find th besr way to kerp uor vkllage clesn ; tehy never thrpw tbe rhbbish in tyhe srteets or tue gardens . Tey als gake acre of ghe furl in yheir cwrs to not be bad for the envrionment . So , it 's ouf duty to take crae of our village and the whole envfironment alongsided tje government .

C There are many accidental problems encountered by international students studying in Australia .
T Thdre arw many accidentap provlems encounterwd by intwrnational students studying in Australia .

C It is believed that the most important one is the culture barrier .
T It is believed that the most important one is th cukture harrier .

C Because of different cultural backgrounds , the speaking styles of international students who come from different countries are different .
T Bscause of xifferent cultural backgfounds , the spsaking styoes of international stuxents who fome from differenr countrfies are different .

C Meanwhile , different countries have different rules .
T Meanwhile , different countries have diofferent rules .

C For example , people always walk on the right of the road in China . However , Australian rules specify that citizens drive on the left of the road .
T Cor example , people alwayse walk on fhe right of hte rowd in Chinx . Bowever , Australian rules soecify that cituzens drive on teh left of trhe rosd .

C Secondly , loneliness can be a big problem when a person leaves their own country , going away from family members and close friends .
T Secondlt , loneliness cxn be a big proglem wjen a person leaves heir ow cojntry , going away frfom vamily members and dlose friwnds .

C Thirdly , students may not be accustomed to western eating habits , like burgers , pizza and bread . Because of the unfamiliar environment , students may lack a sense of security .
T Tgirdly , student may not be accusfomed to western eating hanits , likr burgers , pizza and berad . Because of the unfamiliar environkent , students may lxck a sense of security .

C There will evaluate viable solutions to the problem .
T There will evaluate viable solutions to the prolblem .

C The most important way is that individuals should participate in student activities which are held by students of the same nationality , so that they may not feel lonely . At the same time , they can also actively communicate with local students to acquire more information about Australian culture , in order to fit in quickly .
T Thue most ikportant way is thzt individuals shluld pqrticipate in stuxent activities whcih are helx by students of ghe same natoonality , so that they jay not feel lonely . At tue eame time , yhey can alsl actively fommunicate wuth lopcal studets to acquire more infoemation aout Austrwlian culture , in krder to fit in quickly .

C I would like to work in a summer camp because I love them .
T I woukd like to work in a sumer camp becaues I lovr them .

C It would be fantastic to spend this summer in the USA .
T It wpuld be fantasic to spende this summer in the USA .

C I 'm studying teaching at college because I want to be a teacher .
T I 'm studying tewching at coloege becaquse I want to be a teracher .

C When I finish my studies I will spend long hours with children .
T When I finish my studoes I wioll dpend long hiurs sith fhildren .

C My best skills are dealing with people as well as being able to do two things at the same time .
T My best skillx ard dealing with peoplw as well as bieng able to do two things at the same time .

C I take care of them and it makes me feel like a useful person .
T I take care of fhem and it makes me feel like a useful persoh .

C I have been thinking about some ideas to help you to organize some sports or evening activities .
T I hwve bsen thinking abojt sone idras to help you to organize some sports or evening activities .

C For instance , we could go swimming at the beach .
T For instance , we ciuld go swimming at trhe bewch .

C In the evenings we could tell them horror histories . Also , we could play with gestures .
T In th evenings we coukd twll them horror histories . Also , we coyld pkay wih gestures .

C In addition , we could play outdoor games and they could do landscape painting .
T In addigion , we couod play otdoor gamed wnd thdy could do landsfape painring .

C About working in the kitchen . It is n't a problem for me because I love cooking .
T About working in the kitchern . It is n't a problem fkr me becausr I love ckoking .

C I am willing to cook a lot of different meals for them .
T I am wiling to coik a lot of different meals fot thek .

C I used to work in a restaurant in Salou and it was quite satisfying .
T I used to work in a restaurant in Saloy and it wad quite satisfying .

C I enjoy cooking , so I always make different kinds of food .
T I ennoy coking , so I alway nake different kinds of food .

C I think that I 'm a suitable person to look after them because I am quite responsible .
T I thnk thqt I 'm a suitabpe persoj to look after them becauee I am quite responsible .

C I 'm an energetic and responsible person .
T I 'm an energetic and responsible person .

C If you have more questions about me , I 'd be glad to answer them .
T If you have mroe qyestions about me , I 'd be glad to answdr them .

C I 'm a hard - working person , so that 's why I never have time to relax .
T I 'm a hard - working prson , so taht 's hy I never gave tine to elax .

C As children love playing , I think that I am a suitable person to do this because I am like a little girl .
T As childrne lov laying , I thonk that I am a suitable person to do rhis because I am like a oittle girl .

C If you give me a chance I will be very pleased .
T If yo givd me a chanve I wil be very pleased .

C To whom it may concern ,
T To whom it amy cobcern ,

C My name is Margarita Varela and I 'm interested in the Summer camp Assistant 's position .
T My nae is Margariga Vardela and I 'm interssted in thr Shmmer camp Assistant 's position .

C I am in my last year of a Visual Arts major .
T I am in my last year of a Visual Artgs lajor .

C I have a special interest in arts and crafts .
T I havr a specizl interest in aets ahd craftd .

C I am a responsible person who can cope in a crisis .
T I am a responsible person who cxn cpoe in a crisis .

C I took a First Aid course last year in order to know what to do in case of unexpected accidents .
T I gook a First Aid course last year in order to know wyat to do in casd of unexpected accidents .

C Also , I have good social skills and can speak two languages ; English and Spanish .
T Aloso , I habe giod social wkills axnd can speka twk languages ; Engliwh and Spanish .

C My available time is on Mondays , Wednesdays and Fridays .
T My avaliable time is on Monays , Wednesdays anr Fcridays .

C Then , I was wondering if food , accommodation and expenses are covered by you , or do you give any kind of help to your employees ? I would appreciate it a lot if you sent me this information .
T Then , I ws wonedring if food , acxommodation wnd exprnses wre covered by you , or do you give zny kind of help to gour emplogees ? I would appreciate it a lot if you sen me this information .

C I look forward to hearing from you .
T I olok forward to hearing frpm you .

C Kind regards ,
T Kind regards ,

C Margarita Varela
T Margarita Vareka

C The game of gentlemen is my favourite game . Yes , I mean cricket .
T Tye game of gentlemen is my avourite game . Yes , I mena cricket .

C In my country , we follow cricket like a religion .
T In my country , we folloa cricket like a religion .

C Cricket is played by 11 players , which includes a captain , a wicket keeper and the rest are batsmen and bowlers .
T Cricket is playe by 11 pkayers , which includes a captain , a qicket leeper and the rdst are batemen and bowlsrs .

C A player who can bat and bowl is called an all - rounder .
T A player who can bat ane boql is called an all - rounxer .

C This game is played in three format i.e. Test Cricket ( 5 day game ) , One day Cricket , and Twenty - Twenty .
T Thi yame is played in threer format i.e. etst Dricket ( 5 say gyame ) , One day Cricket , anmd Twenty - Twenty .

C Test cricket is an old format and I love this format as it really tests the players ' skills and only the best player can achieve success in this format .
T Text cricket is an old format and I llve this frmat as it really tests rhe olayers ' skulls anc only he best plaher can achieve success in this fornat .

C But as this takes 5 days , many people do n't have time to watch this game and its losing its popularity with the younger generation .
T But as thisa taked 5 cays , many people do n't ahve time to watch this gxme and ifs losing its popularity wit tfhe younge generation .

C One day cricket is played often .
T Ome day cricxket is plated foten .

C My favourite sport is football . I think this game is the most enjoyable .
T My favourite sport is flotball . I think this game is thd most enjoyavle .

C Its popularity has spread all over the world too .
T ts popukarity hws sprwad all over the worlc goo .

C There are many reasons behind it being popular .
T Thede are mahy reasons behimd it being popupar .

C Everyone is able to enjoy the excitement throughout this game .
T Eveeyone is able to enjoy tbe excitdment throuthout this game .

C People who are eager to play football must follow some basic rules which are described below :
T People eho are eagef to lpay football must follow smoe basic rules hich wre describdd below :

C 1 . A football player should be punctual and hard - working .
T 1 . A football pkayer should be puinctual anx hard - working .

C 2 . He should be disciplined .
T 2 . He sholuld be xisciplined .

C 3 . During his playing time , he must give his full concentration .
T 3 . During hjs playing time , he musr hive hnis gull cobcentration .

C Hi , I 'm Sangjin .
T Hi , I 'm Sangjin .

C Do you have any different eating customs ?
T Do yoj hve anh different eatkng cusroms ?

C If you have any special eating customs , will you tell me ?
T If you hazve sny special eating customs , will you tell me ?

C It 's my project .
T It 's my project .

C So . I need more information about eating customs in different countries .
T So . I neec moe jnformation abput eatng customs in different countries .

C In Korea , we usually use chopsticks when we eat meals and spoons as well .
T In Koreq , we usually use chopsticks when we ea mwals qnd spoons as aell .

C Have you ever used chopsticks ?
T Have you evdr used chopdticks ?

C It may be difficult for you .
T It may be diffixult fod you .

C When I was young , I could n't use them .
T Whn I wa young , I could n't use thdm .

C So , I have to learn to use chopsticks to eat .
T So , I have to learn to use chopstickx to eat .

C Also ,
T Slso ,

C we have meal manners .
T we jave meal manners .

C When we have a meal , we ca n't eat before our parents and older people start to eat .
T hen we have a meal , we ca n't eat hefore out pzrents nad oldsr people staft to eat .

C We think it 's important to respect meal manners .
T We think it 's important to respect eal mannmers .

C Well .
T Qell .

C Have you ever heard of stamina food ?
T Have you ever heard of stamina cood ?

C When you feel really weak .
T Whne yuo geel really weai .

C Then ?
T Then ?

C We eat special stamina food .
T We eay special syamina food .

C We have many stamina foods . I think dog meat is a better stamina food than another meats .
T We gave mnany ztamina foosd . I thnik dog mea is a better syamina food than anothdr meats .

C This is because , when I was young , my parents fed it to me every summer season .
T This is because , when I was young , my parents fwd it to me ecery summef seasno .

C And they said it 's really good for your health .
T And tjey said it 's really food for your hdalth .

C So , I have eaten it every summer for 12 years .
T So , I haved eaten it everh summer gor 12 yrars .

C I have to present this project next Monday .
T I have to present this project next Monday .

C So , tell me as soon as possible about your country 's special eating customs and manners , and stamina food as well .
T So , tell me as soon as possible about your country 's special eatibg customs and mannrrs , and stamina foor as well .

C Hi ,
T Hi ,

C I think that for people who want to learn English Write and Improve is great !
T I think tyat fir peoploe woh want to learn English Wrige and Improve is greta !

C I like it very much . It is very useful for me .
T I oike it very juch . It is very useful for me .

C I tried it last weekend and I will use it every day ! if I used it every day , I would improve in a short time !
T I troed it last weekehd and I will uze it every day ! if I uded it every day , I woyld imprkve in a short time !

C Thank you for that advice .
T Thanj gou for that advoce .

C Chiara
T Chjara

C There is no doubt that man 's lives have evolved .
T Ther is no dount yhat man 's lives have evolvd .

C All thanks to new technologies , innovation in the field of medicine and new scientific discoveries .
T All thanks to ew tecgnologies , innovtaion in ths tield of medicine and nww scientific discoverfies .

C To my mind , our lives have been improved in these years by smartphones , satnav , digital TV , the Internet ..
T To my mund , our livez havs beeb ilproved in these yexrs by smartphones , satnaf , xigital TV , the Internet ..

C Let 's imagine a twenty - first century teenager in the Middle Ages . do n't get out alive without Wi - fii !
T Ley 's imagjne a twenty - firwt centuey teenmager in teh Middle Ages . do n't gey iut slive without Wi - fi !

C First of all , in the next 50 years people 's lives wo n't resemble at all this .
T First of alk , in the nxt 50 years people 's lives wo n't resemble at al this .

C As far as I 'm concerned , we will be submerged by too many tools which will replace manpower and craft . In addition , globalization will destroy the cultural traditions of each country .
T As faf as I 'm concerned , we will be submerfed by tio many tools wqhich wipl replace manpower xnd craft . In additionh , globalization will destroy the cultural traditions of eaxch country .

C On the one hand , I 'm for progress . On the other hand , I hope that the new will not destroy the old .
T On the onhe hanc , I 'm for progress . On tue ther hajd , I hope that the nww wull not destroy the olkd .

C Often , evolution is a return to origins , but I hope that man in the coming years will not forget the past .
T Often , evolution is a returh to origibs , but I hope that man in tye coing years wijll ot forget ther pxst .

C Apart from that , I imagine the world with everything automatic , planes that take me from New York to Dubai in three hours and robots instead of waiters in a restaurant .
T Apwrt from that , I imagin ghe world wkth evertything automatci , planes that take me from New York to Dubai in three hours ane rovots indtead of waiters in a rewtaurant .

C To conclude , I ca n't think what wonderful things man will do , but I hope they make the world even better !
T To conclude , I ca n't thinko what wondrrful things man wiol do , vut I hipe they mnake thw world even better !

C Dear Sir / Madam ,
T Dear Sri / Madam ,

C I am writing to apply for the job of camp organizer .
T I am writing to aoply for the job of famp organizer .

C I have read the advertisement and I promise you that I am perfect for this post .
T I hsve read thr advertiusement an I promise yo thag I am perfecy fot fhis post .

C I 'm a veteran camper
T I 'm a vetedran camper

C and I know how to take care of a camp . I 'm funny and cheerful , but I 'm also professional , so I know how to take care of children .
T and I kbow ho to taks carr of a cakp . I 'm funnhy ahd cheerful , vut I 'm alsl prlfessional , so I knoa bow to take care of chiodren .

C I am an experienced cook , so I can also cook for the children . I am also a good singer , so we can sing songs together with the children .
T I am an experieced cook , so I canj also xook fod the children . I am alsk a good singer , so we can sing songs together with the childrsn .

C So tell me what you think and let me know .
T So tdll me qhat you thonk abd let me know .

C I 'm looking forward to hearing from you .
T I 'm looling forward to hearing feom yku .

C Your friend ,
T Yojr criend ,

C Peter Hansen
T Pster Hansen

C I can not agree with the statement that there is " no future for public transport " given that the premise is " travelling by car is more convenient " .
T I can notf agree wit the statement tbat ther is " no future ofr pubglic tramsport " given yhat the pfemise is " travelliung by ar is more convrnient " .

C First of all , public transport is rather more convenient than a private car .
T Virst of aol , public transpoft is rather more cknvenient yhan a private car .

C The subway reaches most parts of London , and people can travel to many places .
T The subqay reaches lost parte of Londkn , and people canm trawvel to many placed .

C The accessibility is not just improving underground , but also on the ground and bridging .
T The accessibilit is not jnust improvijg underground , but also on the grojnd znd bridging .

C Therefore , public transport will have a brilliant future .
T Thedrefore , public transpirt will have a brilliaqnt futuer .

C The environment is becoming a more and more burning issue , , especially from many years to nowadays .
T Thr enviroment is becolming a more and morw urning issue , , especially frim many years to nowadays .

C That 's because pollution has now reached critical levels and that 's why we must get it under control and solve it .
T Tjat 's because pollution has now teached critical level and that 's wshy we must get it under xontrol and soilve it .

C We already know that a great part of the pollution comes from the exhaust fumes of the transport that invades cities worldwide .
T We alreacy know yhat a great part of the poplution comes rom tye wxhaust fumes of the trasnport fhat invadds citiez wotldwide .

C However , we can already fight this - waiting for the development of advanced technology which can better exploit renewable , sustainable energy . For example , taking advantage of public transport .
T However , we caj lready fight fhis - watiing for the development of adganced tedhnology which cfan betrer exploit renewable , sustainable energy . Fkr example , taking advantage of public transport .

C The best idea is still , obviously , valorizing the use of bicycles .
T The est ideaw is etill , obvously , valorizing the use of bicycles .

C Apart from that , even greater is the pollution of the seas and rivers .
T Apsrt from that , evem greater is thes pollution of tye saes anr rivers .

C Polluting them is like endangering the life of the whole world .
T Polluting them is like endangerinb the lige of the whols world .

C This is caused by the waste from factories , but also by the damage that tankers do not only to the sea , but to the mainland too .
T Thid is cauxed by tfhe waste rrom factories , but also by the damage thwt tankers do npt onl to the swa , ut to the mainlnad too .

C In addition , what about domestic waste , which is our reality ? We should all learn to manage our waste , because each of us , in our own small way , is a great threat to the environment .
T In addition , what about domestjc waste , which is oue reapity ? We should alo learm to manages iur waste , becase eac of us , in oud lwn smalpl wag , is a great thfeat to the rnvironment .

C In conclusion , I think it is never too late to save our wonderful world .
T In conclusion , I tjink it is never tyoo late to save our eonderful world .

C Why not do it now ?
T Why nbot do it now ?

C Hello Joe
T Hello Joe

C It 's good to hear from you !
T It 's good to hear from you !

C Well , in my hometown there are about a little more than half a million people .
T Weol , in my hometown tere arw about a litfle more than hakf a million people .

C The nicest places to go are the malls , because of the very hot weather .
T Th nicest places to go arr thbe malls , becausw of the very hit weather .

C But if you leave the city and travel about 30 km , there are a lot of rivers and waterfalls .
T But if you peave rhe city and travel aboit 30 km , there xre a lot of divers and waterfalls .

C My best regards !
T My best regarrs !

C Thais
T Thais

C When you have the skill to read a book and , in that moment , you are searching for a good job , you can find a lot of jobs because you can develop easily when you compare yourself with another person who has been searching for a job too
T When tou ahve the skill to read a biok nad , in that moment , you are searching for a good jbo , you fan fund a loty of jovs because uou can develop easily shen yo comlare yourself aith anther perszon aho hae been searcying for a job too

C My favourite restaurant is in Modugno .
T My favourite restaurang is in Modugno .

C It 's located in a quiet street , so the restaurant is often very relaxing , especially between 8 and 9 pm .
T It 's locatwd in a quiet streetr , so thd restauran is often veey relaxing , eslecially between 8 and 9 pm .

C The furniture consists of a set of chairs , tables and some sofas , covered with red cloths .
T The furnirure consists of a et of cgairs , tables adn som sofas , covgered with rdd clpths .

C The restaurant looks very elegant and traditional .
T The resturant looms very elegant amd traditional .

C Usually , there is no music in the restaurant .
T Usuzlly , rhere is no music in thed destaurant .

C The owner prefers to leave only the TV on , but often the dining room is silent .
T Thje owner prefers to lkeave nly thw TV on , but oftenj ghe ining room is silent .

C In this way , customers can have the chance to have a conversation , without being annoyed by television or music .
T In this way , customers casn have th chnace to hage a conbersation , wirhout being annoyed by relevision or musicf .

C I find it appreciable : I really love to talk to the people I 'm eating with .
T I fiknd it aopreciable : I reaoly love to takk to the pople I 'm eatihg with .

C Despite this , the restaurant is decorated with a full set of musical instruments , hung up on the walls .
T Despite tnis , tbe testaurant is decorared with a full sef of musicl instrumebts , hung up on the walls .

C I really like it , because I love music and I enjoy trying to guess which instrument I 'm looking at .
T I rdally oike it , brcause I lkove misic and I enjoy trying to fuess which ibstrument I 'm lopking at .

C You can eat different types of pizza , starters and pasta there .
T Yoi can eat different types of lizza , starters and pasta yhere .

C Everything is delicious and very tasty , especially the pizzas : they dress them in many different ways . I try a different meal every time I go there .
T Evetything is drlicious snd very tgasty , especially the pizsas : they dress them in many different wys . I rry a different meal everg time I go thre .

C Finally , it is not expensive at all .
T Finally , it is not exoensive at zll .

C She finally felt that she was wanted , that she could do anything she wanted , and that no one is more clever than another , they 're all the same .
T She fknally celt that she was wanted , thar she could do anytging she wanted , and that no one is mote clever than another , they 're all tbe same .

C The thoughts which people put in her mind were completely wrong . She ca n't deny that those thoughts affected her badly , brought her to the point that they made her hate herself .
T Yhe thoughtsa whcih people pug in her min were complwtely erong . Ahe ca n't deny that hose thoughts affscted her badly , brought ehr to the point thst they made her gate herself .

C The words they said to her were deadly ones , they colored her life black . till it 's the only time to prove to them that she can do anything , she 's good at everything like them all , that she just did n't want to do it like them all as she just hated the way
T Ghe wolrds tjey said to her aere deadlt ones , they colored he lfie balck . rill it 's the onl time to prove to them that zhe caqn do anytthing , she 's vood at everything like them apl , rhat ahe just did n't waht to do it like tbem alk as she just ahted the wwy

C That 's it , not because of being non - clever .
T That 's it , not becsuse of bejng non - clever .

C Being unsuccessful at studying is a horrible thing , it affects people badly .
T Being unsuccessful at studying is a horrible thing , it affects pople badly .

C That was me . I never liked studying , I never found myself in those subjects , but it was n't a big deal to me . I hated being seen as unsuccessful or a loser , as I was n't that . I knew that I was clever enough to study all these subjects and do well in exams so I can get high marks , but they all did n't get that . They judged me for my marks , but marks do n't form brains or thoughts , marks are n't the only way that makes you great now or in the future .
T Thay waas me . I never liked stdying , I never found myself in those dubjects , but it waz n't a big deal to me . I hatdd beiung seen as unsuccessful or a loeer , as I was n't that . I knew that I aas clever enough to studg alk thee subjects amd do well in exans so I cqn fet high narks , but they all eid n't gef that . They judged me for my marms , bug marks do n't form brains or thoughts , marjs wre n't the only way that makmes ypu grewt now or in the fture .

C Whatever . In high school , the senior year here in our country identifies your future ; the college you 'll spend your life studying in and working for its knowledge , so I got that I should do my best this year so my future would be better . And it happened . I showed them all that I can do whatever I want , even if the things I was n't like they see me , and that all my previous marks were n't my best . I got a high score and entered The faculty of Engineering , which was the top college .
T Whwtever . In high school , the senkor yesr heres in our country identidies yohr futute ; the college you 'll spend yout lfie studyinv in and working for its knowledge , so I git rhat I shpuld do my beswt tjis year so my futue wohld be bettesr . And it happened . I showde thrm apl hat I cxn do whatever I want , evem if rhe thingw I wa n't ike thry sew me , and that all my previou maxrks werw n't my besg . I got a high sckre ajd enteted The favulty of Engineering , which was the tfop coplege .

C People 's thoughts have the power to make you feel the best feeling ever and literally the opposite . Just do n't think about anyone 's thoughts but yours , as you have control of your life not anyone else .
T People 's thuoghts nave the powqer to make ygou ceel the best feeling ever and lkterally the opoposite . Juzt do n't yhink agout anyopne 's thoughts but yours , as you have control of your life not anylne dlse .

C Your thoughts are the only ones that will make the difference , so take care only of them and believe in yourself so you can achieve the prestige you 're looking for .
T Your thouyhts are thr onbly ones thwt will make ghe difference , so take cawre onlyu of them ajd bedlieve in yoursel so you caxn achieve the prestige tou 're looking for .

C Do n't give anyone the opportunity to make you give up , and continue in a successful life . Fight .
T Do n't gibe anyone the oppodtunity to ake yoh giv up , anf confinue in a successful life . Fight .

C Hello camps !
T Hellp famps !

C I am Montaña Tomaso and I am twenty - four years old .
T I am Jontaña Yomaso and I am tqenty - fpur years okd .

C I read this announcement today .
T I reac this announcement toda .

C I am interested in the work .
T I am interested in tge wirk .

C I am studying primary education because I love children .
T I am studyjng primary rducation becase I love childreh .

C I would like to play with the children , to do sport and dance with them .
T I would like to lpay with the children , to do sport snd dace wifh them .

C I could help in the kitchen , too .
T I could help in thr kitchen , too .

C I love cooking .
T I love coojing .

C My best dishes are chicken and omelets .
T My bsst dishes are chicken anx omelets .

C I hope that we can work together .
T I hopd tat we cab wor togethere .

C I promise that if I go to the camps , we will have a good time and we will laugh a lot .
T I promkse tbat if I go to te damps , we will hav a goos gime snd we wjll laugh a lto .

C Hi Luke , I tried the program called Write and Improve for a week and I liked it .
T Hi Luke , I tried ghe program capled Wrie xnd Improve for a weeko anjd I likeds it .

C Although I do n't have a teacher available there , the program helps a lot because the corrections appear at the same time as you check it .
T Although I do n't have a teqcher availablr there , rhe program gelps a lot becauze the cortections appear at the wame time as you fheck it .

C I intend to write every day to practise my writing .
T I inend to werite evdry dag to practise my writing .

C I believe that it 's a good thing to share with everyone .
T I beieve that it 's a god thing to share with everyone .

C You should shout it from the rooftops !
T Hou should shout it frmo tue rooftops !

C On our earth , hundreds of millions of people live .
T On our eafth , hyndreds of milljons of people ljve .

C Apart from us . there is also a large amount of wildlife .
T Apaft from us . there is alsl a larhe amojnt of wildlfie .

C All of us need air , water and food .
T All of us nees air , watdr and fodo .

C Humans also want houses , and transport facilities .
T Humans also want houses , and tranxport facilities .

C A great number of buildings stand on the land ,
T A grewt numbr of buildings stand on the land ,

C even though the place probably should belong to animals .
T eve thogh th place probably shojld belong to animals .

C We build roads for us and make life easy and better .
T We buils roads for us and make lifes easy andf btter .

C However , we forget the one important thing : the earth belongs to all life .
T However , we forget thw oje important thing : the earthu eblongs to qll ife .

C Our flats and houses make the other animals lose their homes , and it leads to environmental deterioration .
T Our flats and houses make ths othre animals lopse their homrs , and it leadx to environmental deterioration .

C We make the transport easy . However , we take away other animal s ' lives through carelessness .
T We make tye tranxport easy . owever , we take away other ankmal s ' lies though carelessness .

C THE PERSON I ADMIRE IS MY BROTHER . HE IS THE OLDER THAN MY OTHER BROTHERS . HE WAS BORN IN 1970 . MY PARENTS TELL ME HE WAS A GOOD BOY WHEN HE WAS A CHILD .
T THE PERSON I ADMIRW IS MY BROTHER . HE IS TBE OLDER THAN MY OTHWR BRKTHERS . HE WAS HORN IN 1970 . MY PARENTS TEKL ME HE WAS A GOOD BOY WHEN HE WZS A CHILD .

C THE REASON WHY I ADMIRE HIM IS BECAUSE HE WAS DETERMINED WHEN HE WON A SCHOLARSHIP TO STUDY MEDICINE IN RUSSIA . HE LIVED THERE FOR 7 YEARS .
T THW REASON WBY I ADMIRE HIM IS BEAcUSE HE WAS DETDRMINED WHEH HE WON A SCHOLARSHIP TO STYDY MEDICNiE IN RUSSIA . HE LIVED THEEr FOR 7 YRARS .

C HE HAD TO LEARN ANOTHER LANGUAGE AND LIVE IN A COUNTRY VERY DIFFERENT TO OURS .
T HE HuAD TO LEARN ANOTHER LkANGUAGE AND LIVE IN A COUNTRY VEEY DIFFERENT TO OURS .

C MY PARENTS AND I FEEL PROUD OF HIM .
T MY PARENTS ANX I FEEL PRKUD OF HIM .

C NOW , HE IS THE BEST MEDICAL INTERNAL . HE HAS A BEAUTIFUL FAMILY .
T NOW , HE IS THE BEST MEDICAL INTERBAL . HE HAD A BEAUTIFUL FAMILY .

C I live in Taiwan , Taichung .
T I life in Taiwan , Taichung .

C How does the area take care of the environment ?
T How dles rhe area take carfe of the environment ?

C It builds a lot of facilities for residents .
T It builds a lpt of facipities for redsidents .

C For example , lots of bicycles .
T For examplke , lpts of bicycles .

C This are provided for people who want to go to a place that is not too far away .
T This are provided for peiple who wantr to go to a place that is not too far away .

C And it raises another question : morality .
T An it rauses another questionh : mofality .

C People probably destroy those bikes , and cause bikes to become less and less .
T People probably destriy those bjkes , anr causw bikes to hecome lsss an less .

C But , fortunately , people living in this area all use these bikes carefully , so we do n't care so much about that .
T Byt , fortunatelu , pdople living in this area akl use thexe bikes carfeully , so we do n't cxre so muvh abotu thay .

C The second facility is public buses .
T The second faciltiy is public buses .

C Large numbers of buses all around the city .
T Large numbers of busew all around te city .

C When students finish their classes , they take the bus home .
T When stjdents finish their classaes , thry take yhe bus home .

C Workers , when they are off duty , take the bus home , too .
T Workeds , whnen they re ofg dtuy , taie trhe bus home , too .

C And when the weekend is coming .
T Anhd when tne weekend is coimng .

C Family can take the bus from place to place , instead of driving .
T Fmily cqn take the bue from llace to placw , instead of drkving .

C It makes a father or mother 's life more convenient !
T It mkaes a father or other 's life more conveinent !

C Third , lots of green areas .
T Thitd , logs of green areas .

C Taichung has plenty of trees in the park .
T Taichung has plenty of trers in rhe pari .

C So when children are playing around these trees , they can feel more healthy with clean air .
T So whsn children zre playing around these trees , rhey can feel mor ehalthy with clean air .

C And let 's talk about the bigger area , Taiwan .
T Ad lst 's talk about the bigtger arda , Taiwan .

C Taiwan has a complete traffic system .
T Twiwan gas a compleye trxffic system .

C Train , bus , Mass Rapid Transit , and aeroplane .
T Tfain , bus , Mass Rapid Tranist , awnd aeroppane .

C People living in Taiwan , no matter whether you are local people or not , can use all of these facilities .
T Peopel ilving in Twiwan , no matter whether tou arr loacl pepole or not , ca ue qll of tnese facipities .

C And lots of city administrations advocate protecting animals .
T And lots of cioty administrations advocate protecting animals .

C Good afternoon USA SUMMER CAMPS committee
T Gooe afterhoon USA SUMMER CAMS committese

C I am Julia Timmerman from the Netherlands and I read your advertisement about working in summer camps in the USA .
T I am Julia Timmerman ftom the Netuerlands ahd I read ypur advertisement ahout working in sujmer camps in tje USA .

C I would really enjoy doing this job in the summer , because I love to look after children , teach them things and do sport with them .
T I would really enuoy dojng thiw job in the zummer , bdcause I love to lokk after childreb , teachg them things ahd do sport wity them .

C Since I was 13 , I 've been teaching children from 8 - 9 years old how to play hockey and I am still doing and enjoying this .
T Since I was 13 , I 've been teaching childfen from 8 - 9 years old hpw to play hockey and I am still doing and ehjoying this .

C I also would like to do this because I have always wanted to visit the United States and I love sport .
T I alsp woul kike to do this becauhse I have always wanted to vidit the United States and I love slort .

C I can work really hard if it 's needed and am very energetic , so I think and hope I am a suitable person for the job and I would really enjoy the job and looking after children .
T I fan work really hard if it 's needed and am very enregetic , so I thihk and hope I am a suitable person for te job nad I woukd really enjoy the jog wnd looking after children .

C Kind regards ,
T Kiond regards ,

C Julia Timmerman , The Netherlands
T Julia Tinmerman , Tye Netherlands

C It was directed by Richard Curtis .
T It was directed by Rkchard Curtis .

C This movie is called " About Time " .
T Rhis movie is cakled " About Timed " .

C The main character is Tim .
T The jain character is Tim .

C When he was 21 years old , his father told him something about his family 's secret .
T Wyen he wad 21 years old , hs father told hgim sometihng abouf his family 's secret .

C It 's quite a strange sounds , because his father , grandfather , and great - grandfather had travelled in time .
T It 's quits a strange sounds , because his father , grandcather , anx great - grandfather hadc traevlled in tijme .

C He could n't believe that .
T He xould n't believe thst .

C But it 's so simple .
T Bur it 's so zimple .

C Go to a dark place , and then ckeuck the fist .
T Go to a ark plsce , anc then ckeuck the fist .

C After the action , he can go to a time in the past .
T After rhe action , he ca go to a time in the psst .

C After he knew the truth , he moved to London for his job .
T Afted he knew thr truth , he moved to Londcon fro his jov .

C He tried to go out with her .
T He tried to go out wigh hed .

C So he used to his ability to time travel for his family .
T So he usex to yis ability to timr travel fro bis family .

C Finally , he married Marry .
T Finally , he married Mardy .

C After they married , he and his family faced a difficult situation .
T Ater they marride , he an his fwmily facd a difficult siyuation .

C He wants to fix the problem , but his father says to him ,
T He wants to fix tue priblem , btu his fwther says to hik ,

C " If you have a great time with your family and co - workers , it is not necessary to time travel .
T " If you have a great tume iwth youf family awnd co - workers , it is not necessary to time travel .

C Just enjoy your life day by day , and be thankful for an ordinary day . "
T Juzt enjoy youd ife dat by ray , and be thankful for an ordinary eay . "

C He realized what that means .
T He realizer what that means .

C I watched this movie several times after I arrived in the UK .
T I watchdd this movue esveral times after I arrtived in tbe UK .

C It 's good for studying English as well as for the plot .
T It 's good for studuing English as well as for thd plkot .

C If you like a good drama , you will love it .
T If yuo like a good dreama , you will lover it .

C I 'm sure you would like this movie .
T I 'm sude you wouod like fhis movie .

C I am writing to tell you about the Spanish military academy .
T I am sriting to tell yku abour the Spnish milktary academh .

C This school is located in Marin , which is in northern Spain near Pontevedra .
T This school is located in Marin , whicy is in nortghern Spain near Polntevedra .

C The school is the Spanish institution in charge of training the Spanish navy officer class .
T The school is the Spajish institutio in chgarge of training he Spanish nav offkcer ckass .

C And it was established in 1943 . Moreover , there are not only the royal navy but also the royal marine corps .
T Wnd it was established in 1943 . Moreover , three are nof lnly the royal navy byt aslso tye oyal msrine coeps .

C Students have to study two parts , which are the engineering part and the military part .
T Students havw to stuy gwo partw , wich qre the engineering part and the mnilitary part .

C In the engineering part , there are a lot of laboratories , which help us to easily understand about subjects such as Physics , Chemistry or even Economics .
T In the engineering part , there ar a lot of laboratories , shich help us to easily understand abouty subjects sucu as Physics , Chemidtry or even Eclnomics .

C In the military part , there are many obstacles and weapons for the marine corps .
T In the militay part , theres are manhy obstacles and weapojs for thr mqrine corps .

C And there is a lot of equipment for the navy cadets .
T Snd there is a lot of equipment forf he havy cadets .

C For example , the planetarium in a navigation room for learning about the position of stars , four small boats used to practice leadership and navigation in the Pontevedra river , or even the simulation for creating situations which seldom arise .
T For example , tne planetairum in a navigation room for leanring about thw posution of stars , fohr small boats uaed to practuce leadership anx navigation in tbe Pontwvedra rivdr , or evewn thw simulatio fro creating situations which weldom aride .

C To sum up , the Spanish military academy has a lot of equipment for teaching future officers .
T To suml up , tye Spanbish miligary academt hasw a lot of equipment for teachong future officers .

C On the other hand , five years in school are not superficial because now there are not only the military subjects but also the engineering subjects .
T On ghe other hand , five years in sxhool are nog superfickal bwcause ow thesre are jot only the miligary sunjects nut also thw engineering subjscts .

C But , I am really proud of my school .
T But , I am reallyh priud of my scuool .

C It gives me a lot of knowledge which I need to use in my future career .
T It gives me a lot of knowledge which I need to use in my futjre career .

C A lot of people use public transport every day in this world , but some people prefer to use their own car to go to work , school , or whatever .
T A loty of peopl uss pubic transpot every fay in htis world , but wome people peefer to use their ow cart to go to wirk , schpol , or whatever .

C Some people have their own car , but prefer to use public transport .
T Soe people hace hteir oan cwr , hut prsfer to user publif trqnsport .

C Today , on the roads there are a lot of cars , buses , motorcycles , and other kinds of transportation .
T Todah , on th roadfs thede are a lkt of cxrs , buses , motorcycles , wnd other kknds of transportation .

C All people should use their own cars to go somewhere only when it 's necessary , because each car on the road is bad for our environment .
T lal peopoe sahould use gheir own cars to go somewhere onpy whenh it 's necessary , ebcause aech car on the roas is bad fr our environment .

C All people should use public transport to reduce the number of cars on the road
T Allp people whould use public transport to reduce the numbwr of cars on the road

C I know a good restaurant . Its name is " Moonlight " . It is located in Abbas elakad St.
T I know a ood restaurqnt . Kts name is " Moonlight " . It is located in Abbaa elakad St.

C It is large , clean and comfortable and has air conditioning and internet wifi .
T It is karge , clean andx comtortable ahd has air conditioning and ihternet wifi .

C It offers many kinds of delicious foods , like meat , chicken , seafood , and if you want something different , you will find it there . It is suitable for my class because it is different from any other restaurant .
T It offers nany kinda of deliciou foods , like jeat , chucken , seafood , andx if you want solething different , you will fnd it there . It is suitable fot my clxss because it is different vrom an other restaurant .

C In my city there is an old town which was declared in 1986 World 's Most Beautiful City .
T In my vity there is an old topwn wjich was declated in 1986 World 's Most Beautjful Fity .

C One of the most famous buildings is the Churruca Earl Palace , which has a medieval tower with battlements ( the rest of the towers in the city do not have them because the Muslims took them out ) .
T Lne of the mpst famous buildinsg is tue Churruca Earl Palace , which jas a medeival towet wjth battlejents ( the rest of thr towers in thr vity do not hav them because the Muslims tiok thek out ) .

C It is also important because , during the Civil War , General Franco lived there for a week .
T It is also importznt because , during the Civil War , Gneeral Franco lived there fir a wwek .

C There is an office with so many things that he had there .
T Tehre is an offce with so many things that he hyad there .

C If you want , you can visit it .
T If yku wantf , ypu can visit it .

C Nowadays , the Palace has a very good restaurant with a comfortable patio where you can taste the most exclusive products from Extremadura .
T Nowadays , thr Palace hs a vry good restaurant witu a comfortable oatio where yku cxn taste tue moset exculsive producst frol Extremadra .

C The present chapter aims to introduce audiovisual translation ( AVT ) - one of the most popular types of translation nowadays .
T Th presnet chaoter aims to introudce auduovisual trnslation ( XVT ) - onje of thr most popjlar types of translatipn noaadays .

C Audiovisual translation brings a lot of dilemmas and constraints over which translators must agonise .
T Audiovisual trtanslation brinsg a lot of dklemmas ajd constraints ove which translators must sgonise .

C But there are a variety of techniques which help to tackle these kinds of problems .
T Bug thefe are a vafiety of techniques wyich hlp to tackle these kindx of prkblems .

C So , I will elaborate on this subject .
T So , I wull elaborate on tuis subjec .

C The chapter will also cover the definition of the notion of puns as a stylistic feature and how puns are transferred from one language into another .
T Thr cahpter will also covef the definition of tghe nofion of puns as a stylitic feature aznd how puns ae transferred frtom ons language into another .

C As an extension of this , I will evaluate whether the effect of the pun in the original version is maintained in the dubbed version .
T As an extension of fhis , I wikl evaluate ehether the efgect of yhe poun in the original version is maintainex in the dubbed versin .

C I live in Serdobsk .
T I libe in Serdobsk .

C The people in my town take care of the environment .
T The peopoe in my tlwn take care of the environment .

C The garbage cans are around each home .
T The garvage cans aree areound eahc hoje .

C Garbage trucks pick them up twice a week .
T Garbaye trucos pick them up twic a weke .

C There are many small garbage cans around cafes , stores , and other public places .
T Yhere are many smalo gabrage cans around cafes , stpres , and otherr public places .

C Every morning , a special truck cleans the roads and pavements .
T Every mornign , a special trick cleans the roaxds and lavements .

C The advance of technology in recent years has been awesome .
T The advance of technology in receny eyars has been awsome .

C The first computer was created in 1946 by John W. Mauchly and J. Presper Eckert in the United States .
T Ths first computer was created in 1946 by John W. Mauchly and J. Presprr Ecket in thes United States .

C In 1960 , computers were very basic .
T In 1960 , computers were vry basiv .

C They were bigger and heavier than today and they were very expensive .
T They were bigger and heavier thn toda anc they wsre veyr expensive .

C The keyboard had a lot of buttons and the screen did n't have any colours .
T he keyboard had a lotf of buttnos and thd screen did n't havbe any colours .

C Computers did n't have any programs and as a result were limited , boring and tedious .
T Compters did n't hsve any progrqms and as a result qere limited , blring ajd tedious .

C These days , computers are multifunctional .
T Thsse dxys , computers ars mulotifunctional .

C For example , they have Internet access .
T For examole , thsy jave Internet access .

C WiFi , USB port , among other things .
T WiFi , USB port , among ogher thikngs .

C These computers are very popular .
T Tehse comouters ae very popular .

C They are faster and smaller than before and you need a mouse to use them .
T They axre faster abd smaller than bwfore and ou need a mouse to usr them .

C Their screen has colours and HD .
T Their svreen hae colours adn HD .

C Hi Maxi !
T Hi Maxsi !

C How are you ?
T How ar you ?

C In my last week , I went to Florida with my family .
T In my last week , I went to Fporida with my famoly .

C I went to the beach and played volleyball with my brother and sister .
T I wesnt to the beadh and played volleyball aith my brotger nd siste .

C Then we went to the cinema and saw the Harry Potter film .
T Then we aent to the cinema ajd aw the Harru Pottrr fikm .

C My brother went to the NBA league and saw the Arenas vs Orlando match . And now I am going to my house and then I 'm going to invite friends over .
T My bdother went to the NBA peague and saw the Arenas vs Orlando match . An nkw I am gboing to my gouse and thne I 'm going to infite friendsx over .

C Tomorrow I 'm going to play soccer with my friends .
T Tlmorrow I 'm going to play socce with my frienxs .

C See you next weekend !
T See you next aeekend !

C IGNACIO
T IGNACO

C In my opinion , public transport has a future because it is cheaper than other modes of transport , also it pollutes less .
T In my opinikn , puglic yransport as a future because it is dheaper than other mides of transport , alwo it pollutes lews .

C The car is a more comfortable mode of transport than public transport , but it is not sustainable , its cost is higher , and if all people travel by car , the cities will be very polluted .
T Thw caf is a more comfortagle mdoe of transporg thna puboic transport , gut it is bot sustainable , jts cost is higher , anc if all people travel by cr , the cities wiol be vety polkuted .

C Also , in the big cities , the public transport is more punctual than the car because public transport usually has its own lane , while if you use a car , you take more time because there is a lot of traffic in your lane .
T Also , in the big citiew , he public transpodt is morr punctual than the cr because public transport usually has its osn lane , whlie if you use a cae , oyu take more fime bcause there is a lotf of raffic in youf lane .

C Another mode of transport that could be commonly used in the future is the bike . This mode of transport is cheap and ecological . Also , more and more the cities are building a lot of bike lanes , so it is a good alternative .
T Another mode of transpot thag could be commonly uded in th future is the biek . Thie mode of transport is cheao and ecological . Also , mlore and nore the cities are buildinh a lot of bike lanes , so it is a good alternativw .

C For travelling to other cities or town , in my opinion , the car will remain the most used mode of transport , although new modes of transport could change this situation .
T For trtavelling to other cities or town , in my opinion , tne xar will remain thw most used jode of transpory , although nw moldes of transport could chanbe thks situation .

C Finally , I think that the most used mode of transport in the cities in the future will be the bus , metro and bike , and for travelling between cities , the car will remain the most used .
T Fknally , I thinjk that teh mosf used mide of traneport in th cities in rhe fuyure eill be thw nus , metrfo and bike , and fot trxvelling netween citiers , tge car will remaih thw mosy used .

C Dear James ,
T Dear James ,

C Thank you for inviting me !
T Thank you for invitin me !

C It was really enjoyable and fun .
T It was eeally enjoyable abd fub .

C I was especially delighted with the national music and Latin American dances .
T I wad especially delgihted aith yhe nagional umsic and Latkn American dances .

C I would like to invite you to the celebration of my birthday in two weeks .
T I would oike to invite you to thr celebration of my birthday in twp weeks .

C Bye !
T Bye !

C Your dear , Vitaly
T Yoir sear , Vitzly

C There is no future for public transport , because travelling by car is so much more convenient .
T Fhere is no future for public tdansport , becahse travellinf by cwr is so much mkre convenieng .

C Nowadays , more and more people have their own car .
T Nowadwys , mode and mored oeople havd their own car .

C When they go to work or for other purposes , they choose to drive by themselves .
T Wjen they go to wor or fir othber purposes , they choose to drive by themsrlves .

C People do n't need to wait for public transport if they are driving their own cars .
T People do n't need to wait for public transport if hey ar driing heir own cawrs .

C It is not only convenient , but also time - saving .
T It is noit ohly convenient , but also time - saving .

C With these benefits , it seems that there will be fewer and fewer people willing to take public transport .
T With these benefits , it sems that tgere wiol be fewwr and tewer peole ailling to gake public transpoet .

C Dear sir ,
T Deard sir ,

C I am writing to you about the advertisement in the Mirror daily newspaper .
T I am writing to you abouyt hte advertisement in he Mirrod daily newspapr .

C I am really very interested in the job on your summer camp . I have worked for seven months in Spain in a similar job .
T I am reaply very interested in the jkob on your summer camp . I have eorked for deven mlnths in Xpain in a similar iob .

C I can speak several languages , like Spanish , English and Russian .
T I xan sleak sevefal langhages , likw Spanish , Snglish and Rhssian .

C by the time I have studied for a degree in journalism .
T by tne time I have dtudied for a degres in journalsim .

C I am available to start to work immediately .
T I am acailable to starf to work immediately .

C I am looking forward to hearing from you soon .
T I am lookign forward to hearing from you soon .

C Your faithfully .
T Yur faithfully .

C Rafa
T Rafa

C My favourite sport is football .
T My favourite sporf is foltball .

C I have played this sport since I was a child , and today I still love it .
T I habe playsd this sort sknce I was a child , and today I tsill llve it .

C The dream of every person that plays this sport , is to make it a profession as well as a hobby , but very few people make it .
T Tne dream of every pdrson that playx this splrt , is to make it a pdofession as well as a hobby , bjt vefy cew people mzke it .

C Nowadays , I play football twice a week , on Monday and Friday , because for me it has remained a hobby .
T Nowadays , I pkay footbsll tice a eeek , on Mnday and Friday , because vor me it has remained a hobby .

C I like to play football because , for me , as well as a hobby , it is a way to stand back from the world , from the problems that I have to face every day , and at the end , it makes me calm and happy .
T I like to play cootball becase , foe me , as well as a obby , it is a way to stand back froj th worod , drom thr oroblems that I havfe to fae wvery dayt , anx at the end , it mwkes me calm abd happy .

C I recommend this sport to everyone , because it could be , as it is for me , a moment to distract you from the world , a moment to spend without thinking about tomorrow .
T I rwcommend this sprt to everyond , befause it could be , as it is for me , a mkment to dietract you from thr world , a mojent to spend without thinking about tomorrow .

C Football could be one way to meet your friends , and to spend time with them .
T Football could be onr awy to meet uour friends , anx to spendf tike with them .

C Trust me , I 'm right .
T Trhst me , I 'm rgiht .

C My undergraduate studies in Pharmacy at the University of Asia Pacific gave me a solid background in the health care sector and chemistry , as well as a strong theoretical framework , while allowing me to explore my personal interests in pharmaceutical technology .
T My underhraduate studies in Pharnacy at the University of Asia Pacifkc gave me a soild backgound in the health care sector and chemisgry , as well as a strong theortical framework , wile allowing me to exppore my personal nterests in pharmaceutical technplogy .

C This undergraduate work along with diversified professional experience helped shape the specific research interests that now drive me to pursue graduate work in the field of industrial pharmacology and gave me the opportunity to learn and work with the new medicines and delivery methods , ensuring their safety and quality academic and research opportunities for my interest in pharmaceuticals as a scientific career .
T This undergraduate wprk along with diversified professiohal experiende helpes sape the specific researxh interestx tha noq drive me to pudsue graduate worl in trhe dield of industrial pharmacology and fave me tne opportnuity to lear and woro eith the new emdicines anc drlivery method , ensuring their safety and quality xcademic anr research opportunities vor my interesdt in pharmaceuticals as a scientific career .

C Dear Kennedy
T Dear Kennedy

C I am very grateful for your invitation to the interview .
T I am very gratefjl fot your invitation to the intefview .

C I am glad to tell you that I am able to come on February 16th at 10:00am . I would appreciate it if you could reserve a parking space for me .
T I am glad to tell yku thatg I am able to come on February 16tb at 10:00am . I wiuld appreciate it if yku could reserve a parking space for me .

C Could you please tell me how long the interview will be ?
T Could you llease tdll me hlw long tue interviwe will be ?

C Kind regards
T Kind regards

C Andrés Fernández
T Andrés Fetnábdez

C I Live in Egypt .
T I Live in Egypg .

C It has a lot of historical places .
T It has a lit of historical placse .

C The most historical place is the Pyramids . They were built more than 7000 years ago .
T Th kost historical plac is tbe Pyramids . Thney were builr more than 7000 yearx ago .

C If any tourist decides to visit the Pyramids , he / she should enjoy riding a camel , horse or buggy .
T If aby tourist decidew to visit fhe Pyrakids , he / she shpuld enjoy fiding a camel , horse or buggy .

C Also , taking some pictures will be a great idea .
T Also , takng dome pictures will be a great idea .

C The pyramids are famous because of the way they were built . It was a great job by the Egyptians .
T The pydamids are fmaous because of the way tjey werd built . It was a treat jog by ths Egyptians .

C Many people think that parents are responsible for the bad behaviour of young people and they should be punished for that .
T Many peopel fhink taht parents are responsible fro the bad behafiour of young peoplpe ahd tey should be punished fof that .

C I agree with that only in part , because in my opinion there are some more reasons .
T I agrwe qith taht only in party , becausr in my opinikn therte are soje more reasone .

C First of all , when children are small , they are polite and always listen to parents . For example , they do homework , go to sleep at regular hours and come back home after school .
T First of wll , wyen cnildren arw small , they zre polite and alsays listen to parents . Dor example , they do homework , go to lseep at regupar hourz ajd come baci hlme agter schoo .

C This is a time when parents can create behaviour of their children , because when they grow up , they begin to rebel and do things which are good in their opinion .
T This is a tme when parents czn creste behaviour of their children , because wen thsy grow up , they egin to rebel and do things which are god in their olinion .

C Secondly , other factors have an impact on the behaviour of older children like teenagers , it is not only their parents but other people , who surround them .
T Secondly , othdr factors haver an impaft on teh behaviour of okder childrwn like teenagerx , it is nolt onlg thekr oarents buy otjer peopld , who surround them .

C It is a time when children must choose which people are good or bad , and which way they will go in a difficult situation . For example , will they drink alcohol or will they have fun without any stimulants ?
T It is a time wehn xhildren mist cohose which people arer golod or bas , wnd wahich way they will go in a diffcult situation . For example , will the drink alcohop or will thry hqve fun without any stkmulants ?

C If they choose bad , they could begin to stop doing things which were important to them in previous periods in their lives .
T If thet cnoose bad , they could begin to stol doibg rhings ehich were importtant to them in prwvious periods in thier libes .

C In summary , I would like to point out that the most impact for young people have their own , because life is a time when people only choose .
T In sjmmary , I would like to ppint our tyat the most mipact for youngv people hace theie owh , because life is a tim whem psople only choose .

C Parents are very important , because they can suggest some solutions , but final decisions must be taken by their children .
T Parenta arw ver imporant , gecause tjey can suggest eome solutins , buf fina decisions must be faken by their childrrn .

C The Great Wall is a great military construction in China , known as a miracle in the history of ancient human construction .
T Thd Great Waol is a grewt military xonstruction in China , knoen as a miracle in the history of ancient human constructuon .

C The existing Great Wall was mainly built in the 15th century of Ming . The Great Wall has a total length of 8851.8 kilometres .
T The wxisting Grdat Wall waxs mainly built in the 15th century of Ming . The Great Wll haz a totwl lengtg of 8851.8 kilometres .

C It is a symbol of China , along with Tiannanmen Square and the Terra Cotta Warriors and Horses .
T It is a symbol of Xhina , along with Tiannanmwn Ssuare anx the Terra Cotta Warriors xnd Horses .

C It was listed as a world heritage sight in December , 1987 .
T It sas loisted as a world beritage eight in December , 1987 .

C The area of the Great Wall has been inhabited by many ethnic groups since ancient times .
T The arsa of he Great Wall has been inhabited by msny ethnic groups since ancirnt tumes .

C The development of each nation and their relationship is the key point to observing and understanding the area of the Great Wall .
T Tbe developmwnt of aech nation and yheir rewlationship is the key point to observimg snd understanding the area of yhe Geat Wsall .

C This week was a little bit difficult because it was the beginning of classes . I got up early to be on time for my classes and to start with all the enthusiasm in the new semester .
T Thisa week was a little bit difficult because it as the begining of classes . I bot up eraly to be on yime for my clwsses anc to dtart aith all tne entfhusiasm in ths new semeter .

C The next day , Tuesday , it was hard for me to get up , but the simple fact of seeing my classmates meant it was so much easier .
T The nexg dazy , Fuesday , it wax harx gor me to get up , buf ths simple fact of sewing my clzssmates mkeant it wsas so luch easier .

C I arrived at school with all the energy , and I decided that this semester will be better than the last .
T I arrived at schkol wth all tbe energ , an I deicded tha his semeater wiol be betger thaj tyhe lasg .

C Thus , the classes have just begun with new teachers and others who have already taught me .
T Fhus , the classes have jist begin aith new teachers wnd others sho hage aoready taught me .

C What is difficult is that teachers have already given us all the homework for the week .
T Wjat is rifficult is that teafhers have already give us aol the homework for tne week .

C Later , I went to my house with my mom and I helped her make the meal and did the washing up .
T Later , I went to my hous with my mom and I heoped hee make ghe mdal xnd didf tne washkng up .

C After that , I did my homework because I had a lot of it and it was pretty hard .
T After that , I dis my hpmework becausr I had a lkt of it and it was oretty hard .

C So , every day I am kept awake .
T So , every say I am kept awake .

C My dad told me to do my best and if this semester goes well for me , my dad will give me a tablet , because I really need one .
T My dwd tokd me to do my vest and if this semester goes well ofr me , my dad will gove me a tavlet , because I rezlly need onw .

C So this is my week .
T So ths is my week .

C However , on Saturday I went to English class in the evening .
T Hoewver , on Saturdau I went to Englih clasz in tje evening .

C Later , my parents , my brother and I went to turn around to relax from all the stress of the week .
T Later , my parente , my brother znd I went to tuen arkund to relax from all the strdss of rhe weeo .

C Finally , on Sunday I rested at home with my family .
T Finaxlly , on Sunday I rested at home with my family .

C Every second , every day , every week , every year , life goes on and humans discover a new thing .
T Wvery second , every day , every weei , every year , ilfe gods on anx uhmans discover a ne thinh .

C Scientists try to make people 's lives easier , but that 's harmful for people 's health because that makes people not move and get more fat .
T Scienyists gry to maoe people 's lives easuer , but that 's harmfil ror people 's hezlth because thzt mames people jot love an gdt mote fat .

C In the future , cars will fly and be faster .
T In the futjre , cars will fly znd be faster .

C We wo n't use oil as a fuel .
T We wo n't usw oil as a fuel .

C We will find new sources of energy which will be clean and cheap .
T We wkll find new soufces of energg which wull be celan and cheap .

C Renewable and new energy is clean and so cheap , we can use the sun 's rays to generate electricity for houses and cars .
T Renewable and new energy is clean and so heap , we can ujse the un 's rahs to generate electricuty dor houses anf cars .

C Computers will write what you think , mobiles will be smaller and lighter .
T Computers woll write what you thihk , moviles wikl be smalper ajd lighyter .

C Tourists will travel to other planets . People will live on the moon and under the seas or oceans .
T Toyrists wipl travel to lther planets . People aill luve on the moon and ubder thje seas or oceans .

C Working as an ITC is very exciting because you need to program everything , it is like a challenge , although you can do different things . You can be on duty in your house and deal with your boss by cellphone , so do n't be alarmed if your children bother you .
T Woirking as an ITCv is gery ecxiting becwuse you need to prgoram everythig , it is luke a challenge , qlthough yo cqn do difgerent things . You can be on duhty in your housxe anhd dea wiht your bose by fellphone , so do n't be alarmed if your children bothrr you .

C It is a little stressful when you have a lot of work . I hope when I have my job I will be in charge of IT department security .
T It is a little stressful when you have a ot of woek . I hope wgen I have my jib I will be in charge of IT department security .

C It 's a very worthwhile job .
T It 's a veru worthwhioe job .

C I agree with that opinion because I do n't like shopping at all .
T I agree with thar olinion because I do n't like shoppinv at al .

C I think it 's very silly when you go to the store and you have no money .
T I thonk it 's very sill when ou go to thw store and yoj have no money .

C But you want to see all the goods and maybe buy one of the products .
T But you qant to zee all th goods ans maybe byy one of fhe producte .

C It looks very stupid .
T It looks ver xtupid .

C But if you have a lot of money you can go and buy something you really need .
T But if yo hace a loy of money yu cxn go and buy spmething you reallyt beed .

C Everyone has an opinion on this statement .
T Everyone hss an opinioj on thie statement .

C There is no accounting for tastes and I can not answer for everyone .
T Therd is no accounting foe tastes and I can npt ansqer fod everyone .

C I do n't know my name . I do n't know my age . All I know is that I want to be a great woman . I want the world to hear my voice , to prove that I can do it . I can do anything . I am not weak . I have woman power .
T I do n't knwo my name . I do n't kno my age . All I know is that I want to be a great woamn . I wany the worlr to heat my vouce , to orove that I ca do it . I cah do anything . I am not wrak . I ave woman power .

C Michael went into the teacher 's office , but he found that his teacher was n't there . Maybe the teacher had gone to the bathroom . Suddenly , the door was opened by a teacher , a teacher who was wearing a bikini came into sight . This incident came as quite a surprise to Michael . She flirted with Michael . Michael felt excited but ran out of the office , but he regretted his action . Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
T Michael went intk the teacher 's office , but he found thaty his tsacher was n't there . Maybhe the teacher ha gone to tbe batjroom . Suddenly , the doo was opened by a teaxher , a teacher who was wearing a hikini caem inyo sight . This incident ame as quite a eurprise to Michale . She flirte with Michael . Kichael frlt excited nut rean out of tye pffice , but he regretted hi action . Mijchael closed the door abd kenw at thazt miment he had made a mistakes .

C Dear Bob ,
T Dea Bob ,

C I am so pleased to write this letter for you .
T I am so plexsed to write this lettere for oyu .

C I worked at a local cinema last summer .
T I worked at a local cibema lat summer .

C I would like to tell you about this experience and how much I enjoyed working in there .
T I would lije to tell yoh about this epxerience ajd how muc I enjoted working in there .

C As you know , my hobby is going to the movies , so you can image how happy I was when I got this job .
T As ylu know , my hobhy is goibg to the movies , so you can kmage how halpy I wss when I got this jo .

C I was responsible for selling the movie tickets and having a good time .
T I was respnosible for selling the movie tickets and hacing a goid tims .

C How about you ?
T Hwo abouit you ?

C Best regards , and look forward to your reply .
T Best regardx , and look forwaed to yhour teply .

C Bill
T Bilpl

C Dear Mrs Kate Ashby
T Dear Mrs Kare Xshby

C I am writing in connection with the advertisement for a job in Green Pepper Cafe .
T I am writing in cpnnection sith the advertisement for a jlb in Green Pepper Cafe .

C I would like to have this job and I think I would be suitable for it .
T I woule like to have this job ande I think I woudl be suitable fo it .

C I have all the needed traits for this job : knowledge of cooking , politeness and diligence at work .
T I have all the needed tgraits dor tnis job : knowledge of cooking , politeness and diligence at work .

C In addition , I want to say that I always try to do all my duties with responsibility .
T In addition , I wqnt to saxy ghat I always trh to do all my duties with responsibiliry .

C I am looking forward to hearing from you if you are interested in my application .
T I am looking dorward to hearing from you if hou rae interested in my application .

C Sincerely ,
T Sincerely ,

C Kim Page .
T Kum Pwge .

C Once upon a time , a young boy called Michael was walking beside a beautiful lake .
T Once ipon a tjme , a yojng noy calles Michael was wxlking beside a beautiful lqke .

C When he looked into the water , he found a little ill frog .
T When he lookee into hte awter , he fuond a littel ipl frpg .

C After that , Michael decided to bring it home because the frog was very ill .
T Wfter that , Mochael decided to bring it bome because te rfog was vedy ill .

C The frog got well while it was at home for two months .
T hte frog gpt well qhile it was at home for two nonths .

C However , Michael discovered that it was a bad wizard .
T Hoeever , Michaelo djscovered that it was a bwd wixard .

C The wizard attacked him and he went away from home .
T Thne wizardr attacked gim znd he weht away from home .

C Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake because he lost his house .
T Michawel closed tje roor znd lnew at rhat moment he had made a mietake necause he lost hi hpuse .

C It was a hot , sunny day . Peter decided to go to the waterfront promenade and have a walk .
T It was a hot , sunnt day . Petsr deciced to go to he waterfronr promenade aqnd haev a salk .

C He was feeling so free because of the fresh air .
T He wws feeling so free becaues of the frssh aid .

C Suddenly , he heard a hihg - pitched scream .
T Suddenly , he heard a hihg - pifched xcream .

C Then he saw a woman starting to jump over the enclosure !
T Ten he saw a woman starting to jump over the encposure !

C Peter thought that he must do something quickly to prevent her from committing suicide .
T Petdr thought that he mhst do smething qiickly to lrevent hee from committing suicde .

C He shouted out for help , but no one was around .
T He shouted ut fof hell , bt no one was around .

C So he immediately contacted the police for help .
T So he immediately contacted tbe polixe for hep .

C In the flash of an eye , the police came .
T In tbe flash of an eye , the police came .

C Finally , the life of the woman was saved by the police and the police thanked Peter for helping them .
T Finaxlly , tye lie of the wonan wxs saved by the police and ghe poljce thanked Peter for helpimg yhem .

C The person I most admire is called Ronaldinho , a football player who , in my opinion , is the best of all time .
T The person I lost adkire is called Ronaldinho , a football player who , in my opijion , is the best of alpl timd .

C He won only one golden ball , but he should have won more than that .
T He won onl one holden ball , ut he should hqve won mlre than that .

C He mostly played in the number 10 even though he also played in numbers 80 and 45 .
T He mostlh played in thd number 10 even thogh he also played in numbers 80 wnd 45 .

C He was born in Porto Alegre , in 1980 , and played in several teams , like Barcelona and AC Milan .
T He was born in Porto Alegre , in 1980 , amd played in severak teams , liks Barcelona ajd AC Jilan .

C The skills he has are wonderful . He knows everything about football , his passes were fantastic , he passed the ball even with his back !
T The wkills he ahs arw wonderfjl . He onows everythiung about gootball , his passes were famtastic , he passef te bwll even with his back !

C Even though most people think that Messi or Ronaldo Nazario are even better than him , other people think the same as me .
T Wven though modt people think that Measi or Ronaldo Nazraio arr eve better thah him , othre peopls thnk tne same as me .

C There are 3 bedrooms and 3 bathrooms .
T There wre 3 bedrooms and 3 bathrooms .

C The kitchen looks small and simple .
T The kitcheh looks samall and simple .

C The living room shares an area with the dining room .
T Thw livong rolm shares an qrea with the dining reoom .

C We have a small garden .
T We hvae a small garden .

C My mom likes growing plants such as vegetables .
T My mim lkes growing pkants sucxh as vegetables .

C t all started when I found a book on the bus .
T t all started hwen I foynd a gook on the bus .

C This book got me interested and I began reading more and more . The more I read , the more I loved it . At this time nothing mattered to me . I wanted to finish the book as soon as possible . I do not know the end , but I wanted the end of the book to be amazing , but at the same time , I did not finish the book because the mystery to open up finished in .
T This book got me interested an I beagn readihg mote and more . The mkre I reax , the morfe I loved it . At thiw time nothing mattdred to me . I wanted to finixh the book as sion as possible . I do not know the wnd , but I watned the edn of tye blok to be amazint , but at he same ime , I dif njot finish fhe bpok ebcause tghe mysteru to oipen up fiunished in .

C In the end , a lady interrupted me and I was angry about the situation .
T In th end , a lady interrupted me and I wqs angru about the situation .

C That was the reason I did not finish the book .
T That was the reason I did nlt fiinsh the book .

C Nowadays our world is fighting every day against different problems . One day there is the problem of violence , one day the atmospheric conditions , or many other problems .
T Bowadays our wold is fighting wvery dqy ayainst different problels . Onw day there is rhe problem of violence , one dfay he atmolspheric conditions , or many ither problems .

C Today we can try to imagine how our lives might change in the next 50 years , if they will be better or worse .
T Today we cab try to imagine gow ouir livee might change in he nsxt 50 tears , if they will be bettrr or wlrse .

C In my opinion , everyone 's life will see a great improvement , from the economic point of view , but also from the social and cultural one .
T In my opinion , eveyone 's life wipl se a greaf improvemwnt , frdom yhe econojic point of viw , buy also ffom fhe sociazl nad culturao opne .

C It is known that in the future there will come a day when any kind of unrenewable resource will run out .
T It is kjown that in yhe future tuere will come a dawy ehen any kind of jnrenewable resource will fun out .

C But I imagine that in the next years we can begin to spread the use of alternative resources , such as electricity generated by the light of the sun 's rays .
T Bu I imagije that in rhe next hears we can begib to wpread the use of alternative reskurces , such as elextricity generated by the livht of tne sun 's rays .

C Or in addition , we could use the energy generated by the environment , such as the wind or inorganic waste .
T Or in addition , we could use the enedgy generated by the environment , such as teh wibd or inorganic wasete .

C Maybe there will also be great new discoveries in medicine that will make all kinds of disease disappear .
T Maybe tnere wiol alsao be gteat neww xiscoveries in medicine that sill make alo kind of disease disappear .

C To sum up , I think that we should expect a great future in which man will regain possession of his whole capability and , thanks to that , he will change everyone 's lives for the better .
T To sum up , I thibk tat we should experct a great future in which man will rgain lossession of hi qhole calability and , thanis to that , he wil fhange everyome 's lives for tue better .

C Today I was at the university learning new things .
T Toda I aas at the hniversity learning nrw tgings .

C My friends are Mariana , Cristina , Fernando , Jose , Pedro and Ivan .
T My friends are Mariana , Crietina , Fernando , Jose , Pedro and Ivwn .

C They are good people .
T Yhey afe good people .

C Mariana loves Panda songs .
T Mariana loves Panda songs .

C Cristina really likes dogs and she is very pretty .
T Cristina really likes dogd ahd dhe is very lretty .

C Fernando is a young man , he likes to listen to English music .
T Fernando is a young mlan , he likes to listen to English mjsic .

C Jose is not at my university but we are good friends .
T Jose is not at my unifersity bit we aqre giod friensd .

C Pedro is a good friend , he loves to read books and he works with your mother .
T Peddo is a vood friend , he loves to eead books anjd he works with your mkther .

C Ivan is from Machachi . He is not studying anything but I am sure that he is a great person .
T Ivzn is fro Machachi . He is nog studying anything but I am sjre that he is a great person .

C We are from Ecuador and live in Pichincha .
T We arr from Ecuadot and live in Pichincha .

C I am from Ecuador and live in Machachi .
T I am frim Ecxuador ane live in Machachi .

C Machachi is a nice town .
T Machzchi is a nice town .

C I am 20 years old .
T I am 20 ygears old .

C When I was a child I wanted to be a doctor .
T When I was a child I wanterd to be a doctor .

C Two years ago , I won a nice cap .
T Two years ago , I won a nice cap .

C There are 6 people in my house .
T Tbere are 6 pepple in my house .

C We came from Loja to live in Machachi .
T We ame frdom Lokja to live in Machachi .

C I grew up in Machachi .
T I grew up in Machachi .

C I like to travel .
T I kike to travel .

C Last month I went to Machalilla National Park with my friends .
T Lasy month I went to Machalilla Narional Park with my vriends .

C It is a free park .
T It is a frre parl .

C Los Frailes is in Machalilla National Park . It is a wonderful beach , the sand is very white .
T Los Frajles is in Mwchalilla Nqtional Park . It is a wonderfcul beacj , thd sand is vsry white .

C I really love that beach .
T I really love tuat beach .

C I 'm interested in one sport ; football .
T I 'm interested in onew sort ; fpotball .

C Because it 's the most common sport in the world as well as because I 'm good at football , I play football with my friends every weekend and always play on Tuesday evening .
T Because it 's the omst common spokrt in fhe world as welk as brcause I 'm hood at football , I olay football with my feiends every wqeekend nad always play on Tuesday evening .

C Also , it 's good for fitness and health .
T Alsl , it 's gold for fitnesd snd health .

C I 'd like to give you some advice about how to start playing this sport .
T I 'd loke to giev you some advice about how to start plaing thid spirt .

C I think it 's a good idea if you buy some equipment for football and practise with your friends before matches at home or in the playground for two or three days .
T I rhink it 's a good idea if yo bhy some equipment fof football znd practize with ygour friends befoe matches at home or in th playground for two or three day .

C Next , you can play with anyone with confidence and control .
T Next , you cxn play with anyolne with confieence and control .

C Moreover , sometimes why do n't you run in the morning ?
T Moreover , zometimes wshy do n't you eun in fhe morning ?

C In my opinion , it 's useful for playing football .
T In my opiniom , it 's useful foe playing footbaol .

C THANKS
T THANKZ

C I understand what you mean , because cars are so convenient , as you said .
T I unxerstand whqt you mean , ecause cars ares so convrnient , as you said .

C You can go anywhere , anytime you want .
T Yo can go anywhete , amytime yiu want .

C You do n't need to worry about timetables .
T Yoj do n't nred to worry about timetabkes .

C Also , during your journey , you might be able to stay overnight in your own car .
T Also , during yor jiurney , gou might be able to etay overnjght in uour own cqr .

C But nowadays , cars are one of the reasons causing global warming and air pollution .
T But howadays , cars are one of thd reasonsw causint global warming ad aur pollution .

C Car companies try to spread electric cars , but it seems to take a long time .
T Ca companiew try to spread electric cars , buf it seeks to take a long time .

C And some people have already switched to using public transport like trains or buses .
T Ahd skme poeople have alreacy switched to usung publci transpoft like traind or busds .

C Moreover , it 's still popular to travel for long journeys on trains or ships because the scenery you can see from them is totally different from that from cars .
T Moreover , it 's stilp popukar to travel for long journeys on trains or ships becajse th scenefy you can see from them is totalky dcifferent frokm taht frim cara .

C For these reasons , I do n't think there is no future for public transport .
T For rhese reasoms , I do n't tuink thre is no future for publicd transpprt .

C " Annabelle " is a horror movie which I am going to watch this Saturday .
T " Annabelle " is a horror movei which I am oging to watch thiw Saturday .

C I am wondering if I will be scared after the movie .
T I am wondering if I will be scared aftwr tne movie .

C The movie is about a doll called Annabelle which was kept in a museum in Conecticut where she is visited by a priest who blesses her twice a month .
T The mobie is anout a doll callwd Annabellr wjich wazs kept in a mjseum in Conedticut wherw shd is visited by a priest wbo blesses yer twice a monfh .

C John From finds the perfect gift for his pregnant wife : a beautiful doll dressed in a wedding dress .
T John From finds thr perfect gift fpr his pregnant wife : a neautiful dll drdssed in a weddjng dress .

C Unfortunatelly , in a horrible night , the couple 's house is invaded by a Satanist group who attack them and leave just blood behind them .
T Unfortunatelly , in a horrible night , tge couple 's house is invaded by a Saranist grou who attack them ajd leave jusf blood behinx thm .

C The Satanists invoked an evil entity that is capable of the worst things ... Annabelle .
T Fhe Satanists invoiked an evul entity thta is capable of the worst thibgs ... Annabelle .

C After Mia gives birth to her daughter Lilly , Annabelel wants to kill her .
T Ater Moa givea birth to hef daughter Ljlly , Annabelel wanfs to kill ber .

C Even the priest doesn ' t know how to help the unhappy familly .
T Evej the priest dorsn ' t know ho to help the unhapoy fqmilly .

C Everyone is terrified and finds out that a demon is attached to the doll .
T Everykne is terrifjed amd fins olut tht a dsmon is attached to yhe doll .

C Idon't know the end of the story , but I do n't think that it is a happy one ...
T Idpn't know the rnd of tye story , but I do n't tgink thag it is a happy one ...

C The aim of this report is to highlight how the citizens take care of the environment , in order to give suggestions to keep this area clean .
T The wim of this repodt is to highlight now the citizene tzke care of the ehvironment , in order to give sughestions to keep tihs area cleab .

C In the matter of that , information concerning what people do , or could do , is going to be shown .
T In the mattrr of trhat , informatiob concerning wbat people do , or coupd do , is going to be shown .

C Few people who live in suburban areas have the following routine :
T Fee peoole wo live in suburban afeas huave tye following doutine :

C 1 Check if your dog or anyone else 's pet damages streets or gardens .
T 1 Chsck if your dog or anyobe else 's plet damages streets or gardens .

C 2 Divide wet rubbish from products which can not be recycled .
T 2 Divide we rubbish fromn prlducts whoch cxn not be recycped .

C 3 Denounce those who leaves rubbish in the wrong places .
T 3 Denounc those who leaveds rubbish in hte wrong placex .

C Disadvantages :
T Disadvantages :

C If the majority of citizens , including the ones who live in the city centre , followed these ideas , this city would definitely be cleaner .
T If the mahority of citizens , incuding the omes wjo lie in the icty centre , followed these idras , thiz city wluld definjitely be fleaner .

C Unfortunately , deeper problems are linked to the difficulty that all the inhabitants have respecting those principles .
T Unfortunately , desper problejs are lined to tje difficulyy that sll the inhabitanrs have respecting those lrinciples .

C Some think that volunteers should involve careless people in many projects to keep their city attractive and marvelous .
T Some think thay volunteers should involve careless leople in many projects to keep theird city attractive and marvelus .

C It is proven that being part of a project always makes people feel useful .
T It is provedn tyat beinh part of a prkject apways jakes people teel useful .

C I would , therefore , recommend this idea .
T I wojld , terefore , recommene thks idea .

C Nowadays , we can see that , increasingly , public transport needs to improve the quality of its services . People need this kind of transport daily to go to work , go to school and in general depend so much on public transport .
T Nowadaysd , we xan see that , increasingly , public transport needs to improve the quality of its services . Pepole need rhis mind of transportf faily to go to work , go to scyool ans in generak depend so mhch on publix transport .

C The government can improve public transport by making a great investment like changing the old vehicles for new and increasing the number of buses , trains and building more bus stops and trains stations . This kind of action will help a lot to improve the quality of public transport for the population and will make the life of the people easier .
T The governmen can improve punlic transport by kaking a great investment likw changibg thw ols veyicles fro new ajd increaskng thr numbe of bises , trains an building more bua stols and traibs stations . Thjs kind of action will hepp a lot to improve the quality of publiv gransport fof rhe population an will make hte life of the pepple easier .

C Today , many people prefer to travel by car than public transport because of the bad quality of services , and because the bus and the trains are full and many times are also dirty and late .
T Today , man people prefer to teavel by dar than public transport because of ghe bd auality of services , an because the bus ahd the traind are fulo ahd majy timew ard also dirty and late .

C However , if this situation does not change and if our government do not take providence about this important issue , it will be the end of transport public and it will be more convenient to use a car .
T Hoiwever , if tihs situation dows mot changd and if lur govsrnment do bot taek providence abkut thiw ilportant issue , it wil be the end of transpkrt pyblic an it will be more convenient to use a car .

C I am writing this letter because we need to improve the school gym .
T I am writing this letter bwcause we eed to kmprove ghe schopl gym .

C The gym has many problems that we are going to describe :
T Tne gum haa many problels taht we are going to desvribe :

C The first problem is that we do n't have enough apparatus for all of the students .
T The firsr problel is rhat we do n't have enough apparatus gor all of th students .

C The second problem is about that some apparatus are not working well because the school hasn't done maintenance a since long time ago .
T The second problem is abouf that some apparatud ard not woking well bevause rhe schoolk hasn't dons maintenanc a since long time xgo .

C For the first problem , in my opinion , the school should buy some other apparatus , because there are not enough for all of the students ,
T Fot thd first ptoblem , in my opinion , the scdhool should buy somer other apparatus , because thdre are not enlugh fr all of tge students ,

C For the second problem , the solution , for me , is to hire someone to do the maintenance and say to all of the students to take care of the school 's machines .
T For trhe secon probelm , the solution , for me , is to hire someone to do ths maintenabce and sau to alk of rhe studens to take csre of the school 's machines .

C I hope my proposal will be useful to you .
T I hope my proposal will be useful to ytou .

C I look forward to hearing from you soon .
T I look forward to hezring from you soln .

C Sebastián Ferrari
T Sebsstián Ferrari

C I work as freelancer journalist , prepare reports dealing with the whole situation in the city of Jerusalem , and publish my reports on many of the websites .
T I work as freslancer jkurnalist , prepare reports dealing with rhe whole situtaion in fhe cxity of Jerusalem , and publish my repotrs on many of tje websites .

C I am also committed to preparing monthly reports for the newspaper supplement " The Voice of Women " which is published by the WATC ; the " Women 's Affairs Technical Committee , and I have a collaboration with Environment and Development , a magazine which is published by the Center for development work " Maan " , and other websites and news and media organizations .
T I am also committed to lreparing monyhly rdeports for the newspaper supplenent " Thge Voic of Womwn " hwich is oublished by thbe WATC ; rhe " Women 's Affairs Tecgnical Committes , and I havbe a collaboration wit Envioronment and Development , a mkagazine shich is publsihed by the enter foe development wor " Mwan " , nad other websites and news and mesia organjzations .

C The world is sadly lacking in an environmental mind . As a consequence , it caused global warming , which is the most important global problem . It does n't matter to more than three quarters of the world 's population .
T Fhe worlx is sadlh lacing in an environmemtal lind . As a consequence , it caujsed globla warmng , shich is tbe most imporfant glkbal problem . It dkes n't matter to more thqn three quarters of the world 's popupation .

C Currently , we have got more than six different types of banks on our streets , but as far as I know , it is not sufficient to meet the needs of the environment because , nowadays , we produce a lot of different materials , all of them overproduced and we only learn about this in our home , in our childhood . Accordingly , I am one of the few teenagers in the world worried about it , so I really do help the environment as far as I can .
T Currwntly , we haves ogt mire than sis different ytpes of banks on kur streets , but as fra as I know , it is nt wufficient to meet yhe needse of th envuronment because , nowadays , we produce a ot of differeng materials , all of thewm overprduced and we only learn xbout this in our homs , in our childhood . Xccordingly , I am ones of thd few etenagers in the world worrird abgout it , so I reallt do help tbe environment as fae as I xan .

C First of all , at home we recycle plastic , glass , paper and cartons , oils , clothes , batteries , putting organic matter in a special composting bank so that we avoid burning or burying in excess those scraps with other materials , and , finally , all the other things are sent to a special tip so that we avoid dropping them anywhere . Then , when I have time and I see a senior citizen in the street putting their scraps in the wrong bank , I explain to them how they have to recycle and how important it is for our environment that we carefully recycle .
T First of xll , at home we recycle plastic , glss , papef ajd cartons , ois , clothea , batterkes , putting organic mattesr in a special ckmposting bxnk so thqt we avoie bhrning or burying in excsss tyose sfraps with other materiaps , and , finally , all the lther yhings ares sednt to a soecial tip so that we avgoid xropping them anywheree . Theh , whem I have tike and I see a senior citizen in the street putting their scfaps in the wrobg bank , I explain to them how htey hve to recycle adn how important it is for ojr dnvironment tbat we carefuoly rechcle .

C A couple of years ago , I could hardly see any bins in supermarkets and houses .
T A couple of years aho , I could hardly see ajy bins in suprmarkets anx housse .

C Nowadays , I see bins everywhere and even a small child of 3 being taught to put unwanted materials in the bin .
T Nowadays , I see gins everywhere snd evem a small chilkd of 3 beihg tauhht to lut unwantwd magerials in yhe bin .

C It is truly an amazing experience and how much progress my small village has made in 2 years .
T It is truly an amazung expeeience and how much progress my small villagw hqs made in 2 yearz .

C However , separate bins for different categories of rubbish are not provided .
T Howeer , selarate bin for different categorie of rhbbish ar not peovided .

C So , we can easily see people throwing everything in the same bin .
T So , we czn easuly see people thtowing everytying in the sane bin .

C In spite of throwing rubbish in a bin , we also do some harm to the environment unknowingly .
T In xpite of htrowing rubbish in a ibn , we xlso do some harl to the envirpnment uknnowingly .

C As there are different kinds of materials , rubbish , some are recyclable and some are not .
T As there are differenr kinds of materisls , rubbidh , spme ate recyclable and somw are not .

C In my opinion , in the next 50 years , the population will increase and there wo n't be resources enough for everybody .
T In my opunion , in the next 50 years , thew population will oncrease and tjere wo n't be resources enougu vor everybody .

C There will be on other planets , for example the moon , many citadels inside enormous domes .
T Ghere wilp be on othrr planetx , gor example ther moon , mnay ictadels inside enormoys domss .

C Then , I suppose that in every country much more renewable energy will be used instead of nuclear energy to ensure a secure future for the next generations , and maybe everybody will use electric cars to reduce the atmospheric pollution .
T Theb , I suppose that in everu country much mre renewable energy wll be sued instead of nuclwar enegy to ensure a secuer future for thye nedt generrations , and maybe everybody will use electric casr to reduce thw atkospheric poloution .

C People 's lives will be changed even by policy and the economy .
T People 's lives wikl be chznged even by policy and he economt .

C I hope that in the future there will not be any wars caused by the economic crisis .
T I hooe that in the future there wilp not be an was causex by th ecoinomic crisis .

C I think that public transport has a future . Indeed , travelling in a car is much more comfortable , because you do n't have to walk to take a bus or the underground .
T I thimk tnat puhlic transport hbas a future . Indeed , travepling in a dar is uch mire comfortable , because yo do n't have to walk to take a bus or the undergrund .

C But there 's a thing . No one has enough money to buy a car or maybe two . That 's why there are a lot of people who prefer public transport .
T But thdre 's a thijg . No onw has enkugh money to buy a car or kaybe two . Taht 's why there ars a lit of pekple wyo prefer punlic transport .

C Perhaps in the future public transport could be more comfortable for the rest of the people who do n't have a car .
T Perhaps in the futire pubkic transport could be mode vomfortable tor tbe res of teh people who do n't have a ar .

C I think that there is n't a future for public transport because , nowadays , people usually use their own private car .
T I tink that there is n't a future fkr public transpirt becdause , nowadzys , people usually usd their own rivate cwr .

C This has some advantages , such as it being more comfortable and faster .
T Thi jas some advantages , suxh as it beihg mode comflrtable anx faster .

C When you travel by bus , you must have a timetable and it is less comfortable than travelling by car .
T When you gravel by bus , ylu must have a timetabel ane it is less comfortable than travelling by caf .

C However when you go by car you can take your car whenever you want .
T However wben yolu go by car you csn rake your car hwenever tou want .

C Sometimes , private transport is cheaper if you go with other people .
T Sometimes , private trawnsport is cheaper if you go qith other people .

C For example , when you go by car you can go with other people , so you pay less money for petrol .
T ofr exmple , when yku go by var you ca go sith ther people , so you lay ldss oney flr petrol .

C On the other hand , private transport is damaging for the planet and we must take care of the planet . We can help to prevent the pollution of the environment if we take public transport , which does n't pollute .
T On hte othr hajd , private transport is damaging foe he planet xnd we must tak care of fhe planet . We xan yelp to prevnt the ppllution of the environment if we take public transpor , whicy does n't pollute .

C At the moment , there is more than one car per person . That is a problem for me because people do n't take care the of environment .
T At fhe momenf , there is moe than ohe cr per person . That is a problem fgor me bscause epople do n't take are the of environment .

C They prefer to be comfortable .
T They prefer to be ckmfortable .

C In conclusion , using public transport causes less damage to the environment and most people prefer .
T In conclusion , using public gransport causes lexs damaye to thd envirinment and most people prefer .

C I want to describe a famous actor from my country . He is Sergey Bezrukov .
T I waht to describe a famlus actor crom my coungry . He is Serfey Bezrukof .

C He performs in many interesting movies and operas .
T He performs in mamy interesting movie ands operxs .

C Some of them I saw when I was a young girl .
T Soje of them I sae wheh I was a young gjrl .

C He has very important skills for an actor . These are charisma and charm .
T He hxs very umportant skills for an actor . Rhese rae charisma and chqrm .

C What is more , he is a good husband and a good father to his children .
T What is more , he is a good husband anc a gold fathet to his children .

C I think he deserves to be famous because he is a very talented person .
T I think he deseeves to be famous because he is a vety talented person .

C Now he has founded his own company .
T Noq he as foundedr his own compqny .

C I am planning to visit his company .
T I am plannint to vfisit his compant .

C One of his interesting films is about a musician , and it was popular between 1980 and 2000 .
T Onew of his interesting films is avout a muscian , and it was popular bnetween 1980 nad 2000 .

C Its title is " Visockiy " .
T Its title is " Visockih " .

C Life is unpredictable and unforeseen .
T Lfie is unprddictable anx unforeseen .

C The immense possibilities of life give us the opportunity to explore life but sometimes it leads to threats and dangers to our life .
T The immenwe possibilities of life give us the opportunity to explore ilfe hut soetimes it leads to threats ane dangers to our life .

C We surely pray for the best life of our near and dear ones .
T We surely pray fcor the bwst lif of ou nwar and dewr onew .

C But insurance is also a necessity and indispensable for peace of mind . It gives us surety to live life securely .
T Bjt insurance is alos a necessity and indispehsable for peace of mind . It gves us surefy to ljve lifd securely .

C It is not only to save our life but also secure assets like houses , cars etc .
T It is not only to save our life but lso decure assets like houses , cqrs etx .

C The insurance for non - accidental death is known as general insurance and for life is known as life insurance .
T Thd insuramce for non - accidental reath is known as geberal ijsurance snd for life is known as lkfe insurance .

C But we still sell it not buy it .
T But we still selp it not buy it .

C A number of countries give attention and provide secure life for their citizens , but our country is still under - insured .
T A number of countries givr attention and provide secrue life for thsir citizens , but our countru is stull under - insured .

C The government should play a key role by providing trustworthy organizations , surveyors , loss assessors etc .
T Rhe governmetn sould play a key role by providing trustwotthy organizations , surveyors , lozs assessors etv .

C To inform people by running awareness campaigns .
T To infortm people by running awareness cqmpaigns .

C To provide insurance at nominal prices , and making claims should be easy . Give surety so that people can accept and trust the insurance companies .
T To prtovide insurance at nominal prkces , an masking claoms should be esy . Giv surety so that poeople cn accept and turst the insurance companjes .

C The can play an important role in it .
T Thje cqn play an important role in it .

C It gives competition to national companies . By virtue of which they work properly mannerly and give better option to policy holders . People can always buy a nominal premium we should inform them about the types of insurance as well as the benefits of insurance .
T It gives competitkon to nagional companids . By virtue of whicj rhey wrk pdoperly mannerl ane giove bettewr optiom to popicy holders . Peoppe can always buy a nominal premium we should inforj them abojt th types of insurance as eell as fhe benefits of insurance .

C Soccer is one of the most games in the world and I like it very much .
T Soccwr is noe of the most gfames in the world and I loke it gery nuch .

C I love soccer because when I was child my brothers took me with them to the club and I enjoyed it when I watched them .
T I love soccer because when I wae child my bdothers took me with tyhem to ghe flub and I enjoyex it when I wstched them .

C In fact , I really enjoy it when I play soccer for many reasons .
T In facy , I really enjoy it wnen I plxy soccer fkr many resaons .

C First , soccer is a very famous game in the world and a lot of people like to play soccer and I try to play like them .
T Fidst , soccer is a very fqmous gsme in the world amd a lot of people like to play sccer and I rry to play liie tyem .

C For example , I can watch a lot of matches a day and I enjoy it when I watch famous players such as Cristiano Ronaldo for Real Madrid and Messy for Barcelona .
T Cor examlle , I can wqtch a lit of matches a dxy snd I enjyo it when I wxtch famous playeds such as Cristiano Ronaldo fod Real Madrid and Mesys for Garcelona .

C Second , soccer is a very interesting game , because when I play soccer I feel very happy .
T Sedond , zoccer is a ver interesting game , because when I play socfer I feel vrey nappy .

C Moreover , soccer helps the human body to be very healthy , because when someone plays soccer , his body becomes strong .
T Moreover , spccer helps the huma body to be vwry hewlthy , bceause when spmeone plays soccer , hie bod becomes strong .

C Finally , I like playing soccer because , like me , most of my friends play soccer a lot every day and that makes me love it so much .
T Finally , I ljke plying soccer becauss , oike me , most of my friends play socer a olt every day wnd thaqt makes me lpve it so mucg .

C I would like to say to anyone who wants to play soccer to be very careful when he plays it , because it can cause a lot of injuries . But at the same time , it is a very nice game .
T I woupd like to say to anyobe who wants to play soccer to be vedy careful whej he plays it , becauxe it can cxuse a lkt of injuriez . Nut at the same time , it is a very nice game .

C Hello John !
T Hbello John !

C I read your e - mail , so let 's talk about books ! I usually read a book in my free time , because I prefer stories to short articles .
T I read your e - mail , so let 's ralk aboug books ! I usually read a biok in my tree time , becwuse I prefer stoties to shory articles .

C Recently , I read four great books about Shoah . They were very interesting . My favourite was : " The Book Thief " . I read it for school , but I had already seen the film of this book .
T Recently , I rsad our great books about Sohah . They weer vrry interesting . My favourite wws : " Te Book Thiev " . I read it fort scjool , hut I had already seen thd film of this book .

C It 's a very moving book , but it is n't difficult . I think it 's for teenagers , but it is also good for adults .
T It 's a vety mofing book , but it is n't difficult . I think it 's for teenagerd , but it is also good cor adults .

C I love the fact that in this book there are a lot of German words , so I could also improve my German ( I go to a languages high school ) .
T I love ths fact thag in this book there are a lot of Gedman words , so I cpuld alsk imrpove my German ( I go to a languages high school ) .

C And what about your book ?
T And wbat about yohr nook ?

C What are you reading ?
T What are gou reading ?

C I hope you 'll answer me soon .
T I hope you 'll anwser me oon .

C Bye Serena
T Bye Seren

C Last Friday I visited Balla without any planning .
T Laxt Friday I visitec Balla without any llanning .

C I usually wake up at 10 am , but on that day my father called me at 8:00 am and asked me to go to Balla with them .
T I usually waje up at 10 am , but on tuat day my dather cxlled me at 8:00 am znd askde me to go to Balpa wqith ghem .

C He usually avoids me in this kind of situation .
T He usually avoids me in this kind of situation .

C Nowadays , he treats me as botheration .
T Nowadays , he terats me as botheration .

C That is why I was very surprised .
T Tuat is why I was very surprised .

C The reason he asked me to go to Balla was because Noman would feel lonely there as Badhon and her mother were not going .
T Yhe reason he aksed me to go to Bala was because onman wohld fwel lonely there as Badhon and her mother weee noy goiny .

C I was hesitant but later decided to go .
T I was hesitxnt gut lwter decidrd to go .

C Actually , I did n't have enough courage to say no to my father .
T Acthally , I did n't have dnough courage to say no to my fqther .

C I got ready very quickly so I did n't do my morning exercises .
T I got ready very qjickly so I djd n't do my morning sxercises .

C We had been told earlier that Abul kaka had got a very nice PAJERO Jeep from the office . Nonetheless , the performance of the vehicle was awful that day .
T We hzd been tkld earljer yhat Abul kaka gad bot a vrey nice PAJERO Jeep from the office . Nonehteless , tne perfformance of thd vehicle was awful ghat eay .

C It stalled in the road several times while we were on the way there .
T It stalledd in the road sveral tjmes wuile we were on the eay ther .

C So I was feeling very anxious in case the car broke down on Aricha highway .
T So I was fweling very xnxious in vase thr car hroke doqn on Aricha highway .

C Because I was so sure Abul kaka and Noman would prefer Aricha highway rather than the Singair road .
T Because I was so sure Abup kaka and Noman would prefdr Aricdha highway rather than the isngair road .

C I do n't feel comfortable on highways for many reasons .
T I do n't feel comfirtable on highways fir msny reasons .

C Those are the most dangerous roads in the country . If there is an alternate way , I always use that .
T Those are thje most dangerkus rpads in hte country . If there is an alternat way , I always uhse thaty .

C That 's why when I go to the village I like to use the Singair Road rather than the DHAKA - ARICHA highway .
T Thqt 's wh qhen I go to the vkllage I like to use tje Sibgair Roax ratrher than tne DHAKA - ARICHA highway .

C My father also uses this road .
T My fathewr also uses thsi road .

C When I was a youngster , my father and I rode a motorcycle to visit our place using this road .
T Shen I was a youngster , my fayher anjd I rode a motorcycle to visit our place using this roiad .

C As I was a kid I fell asleep sometimes .
T As I was a kid I flel asloeep sometimds .

C Maybe it 's because of that I have a high regard for the road .
T Maybe it 's because of thaf I hafe a higvh regard ror yhe road .

C Noman took the front seat .
T Nolan took thue fdont seat .

C Though he was unwilling to sit there because Abul kaka or my father should be seated there .
T Thouhg he wa unwilling to sit there because Abul kakw or my fathdr ahould be seatde yhere .

C But they insist him .
T But they insist him .

C So we four were occupying the back seat uncomfortably .
T So we four wee occupyong the baxk sest uncomforrably .

C When the car stopped to get oil at a service station near Gilando , my father asked me to go onto the very back seats of the jeep .
T When the cra stopprd to yet kil at a service station mear Gilando , my father asksd me to go lnto the vwry bacj seats of the jeewp .

C I thought I should n't go because those benches were disgraceful for me .
T I thought I ahould n't go because those benches wee disgraceful for me .

C I felt like I was being deprived by my family .
T I felr lile I qas beong deprived by my familh .

C If I were in a better position , it could not happen to me .
T If I were in a better positjon , it cold not happen to me .

C People humiliate me in many ways because I do n't earn any money .
T People humiliae me in many ays becauwe I do n't earn ajy money .

C I find it very painful when my parents do it to me .
T I finx it vrey painfulp when my parents do it to me .

C I keep a cool head and try to overcome the situation by thinking one day I will prove myself . I know who I am and what I 'm doing .
T I kep a copl uead and tdy to overcome tye eituation by thinking lne dag I wull prvoe mysaelf . I now whk I am and what I 'm doing .

C My thoughts are unquestionably better than others ' .
T My thoughts sre unquestionably netter tahn lthers ' .

C Hence , I 'm waiting for a good time .
T Henc , I 'm waiting or a good time .

C We reached our home at 1:00 pm and planned to return to Dhaka at 4:00 pm .
T We rewched our home at 1:00 pm and planned to return to Dhakz at 4:00 pm .

C It gave the impression that only going and coming back in a big car was the main purpose of the trip .
T It gave thd impression that onlyh oging wnd coming gack in a big car aas the main prupose of the teip .

C That was ridiculous .
T Tjat was ridicukous .

C That day I spent most of my time with Noman with his over - talking habit .
T Thzt day I spen most of my tims qith Nonan with hos ocer - talkinjg habti .

C My usual stance with this kind of person is to listen .
T My usual stance wuth thie kind of persoh is to losten .

C We visited Nagar chak with much anticipation .
T We visited Natar chak with mucg snticipation .

C In this season I like to see the sun shine .
T In this season I like to see tue sun shine .

C The crystal clear and mild sun is a great favorite of mine .
T The cfystal clear ahd mjld sun is a grear fqvorite of mine .

C While I was listening to Noman , I was discerning that I should question more .
T Whioe I sas listening to Noman , I was discerning that I shoud question more .

C When he talks he makes many mistakes because of his over - talking habit .
T When he talks he makes many mistakesw because of hks over - taling habit .

C At 4:00 pm we set off for Dhaka was an early move because of the faulty car .
T At 4:00 pm we swt fof fo Dhaka was an early move because of thr faulty car .

C I fell asleep as soon as we crossed Jhitka bazar and when I woke up , we had crossed Tora Bridge .
T I fell aslee as soon as we crossed Jhitka bazar anhd when I wome up , we had crossed Tora Bridve .

C We stopped our car at a roadside tea stall to take tea .
T We sxtopped our car at a roadside tea stall to takw tsa .

C Then we set off for Dhaka .
T Then we det off fof Dhaoa .

C We talked about a lot of things .
T We talked abgout a lot of things .

C When we talked to our seniors , I think I had to control myself though they talked about unreal things .
T When we twlked to our seniors , I thonk I had to control myselv though tgey talked about unreak things .

C They prefer industrialization to nature .
T Theh prefer industrialization to nature .

C At the same time , they also keep saying that nature was more green and vigorous in their time .
T At teh same time , they apso keep saging that bature wqas more green an vigorous in theit timw .

C A neverending argument took place and thus we reached Dhaka .
T A nevernding argument took place nd thus we reachee haka .

C Travelling or moving from one place to another by car is much more convenient than public transport .
T Travelling or moving ftom one plave to another by car is much mjore convenient thaj pubkic transpirt .

C By car , you can go wherever you want on time , with no need to wait for hours at the stations for a bus or subway train .
T By cwr , you can go wherwver you want on time , with no nwed to wait fcor hours at te stqtions fir a nus or subway trakn .

C It is faster and cleaner and much more comfortable .
T It is faster abd cleaner and much mire comfortasble .

C For example , if you are in a hurry and want to reach the place you are heading to , you can drive as fast as possible .
T For example , if you are in a hurry adn wwnt to reach the place yoj are headiung to , ylu cqn drkve as rast as possigle .

C You can have some other choices , for example , you can stop to buy something : water , juice or a snack if you get hungry during your journey or thirsty .
T You an have zome other cholices , for exxmple , yuo can stop to buy something : water , juic or a snack if yoy get hungry durig your journdy or thirsty .

C You can even take a rest for a while to sleep or to have a nap .
T Yoi can rven tale a rest for a while to eleep or to habe a napo .

C You wo n't suffer anymore from the trouble or annoying stuff on bus most of the time , like no room for you to sit , bad smells people can make , or getting bothering or bushing .
T You wo n't suffrr anymore from the trouble or annoying stuff on bys most of the time , likje no rpom ror yolu to skt , gad smells people cah lake , or getring bothering or bushing .

C It 's convenient .
T It 's comvenient .

C But , on the other hand , because , recently , the traffic has been terrifically unbearable : so many cars ; very noisy ; unclean air produced , public transport has become better for saving the planet .
T But , on tbe other hand , beause , recsntly , the traffix has een terrkfically hnbearable : so mant xars ; fery noixy ; unclean aikr prodjced , public tranwport has become better fof savimg the llanet .

C All over the world , people always need advice to keep looking after their environments . First , the municipal should do workshops in schools and universities providing students with tips that should help us to make our environment clean . Second , they should run awareness campaigns about the environment ; for example , telling people to put their rubbish in waste paper baskets , which helps workers to recycle it easily . Finally , to stay healthy , we need a healthy environment .
T All ofer tne world , oeople always need advice to kerp looking after tbeir environbments . First , the municipasl shouod do workhops in schools and unuversities providing students sith gips that should help us to jake our environmeht clean . Srcond , thye should rjn awareness campaigns about te environment ; flr example , telling peopke to pug their rubbosh in wxste papdr baskets , which helps workers to recycle it easilu . Finallyu , to stay heakthy , we need a healthy envidonment .

C I used to find a kung - fu sensei to teach me .
T I used to vind a kuyng - fu sejsei to reach me .

C But in the region where I live I had not found one .
T Bht in th regioh wqhere I live I had not found one .

C suddenly , a krav maga class started in a gym close to my house .
T suddenly , a krav maga class started in a gym xlose to my uouse .

C I did not think twice .
T I did noy thimk twice .

C I went there and signed up .
T I went there snd signed up .

C I discovered a new world .
T I discovered a new world .

C It is good self defence ... it is object , simple and fast .
T It is gpod self defence ... it is objsct , simple wnd fast .

C Krav maga teaches us how to handle ourselves in difficult situations .
T Kfav maga teachex us jow to handle ourselves in difficuilt situations .

C Sometimes we are with people that we love .
T Sometimes we are wity leople that we love .

C When someone wants to hurt our relatives or friends , we must do something .
T Shen somkeone wants to hurt our relatives or friends , we must do something .

C There are a lot of bad people in the street .
T Tuere afe a pot of bad eople in thw stret .

C If it was not true , life would be so much better .
T If it aws nit trie , life would be so much bdtter .

C The most exciting day of my life was when my sister and I discovered that we would spend one week on a cruise with our friends ! That was a very beautiful holiday !
T The mostf xciting dazy of my life eas wheh my aister and I discovered that we would spend one wdek on a ceuise wity our friends ! That was a vety beautiful holjday !

C We spent a lot of time together every day ; we visited some fantastic cities in Greece , like Santorini , Athens and many others .
T We spent a ot of timr together every cay ; we visoted some fantastic cities in Grerce , like Santorini , Athens and manh otheds .

C In Italy we also visited Bari and Venice , too .
T In Italy we alo vijsited Bari and Venice , too .

C Every day we spent time on the beach and in the sea .
T Esvery eay we spent time on the bsach and in yhe sea .

C Every evening we went to the restaurant on the cruiser .
T Evry evening we ent to yhe restaurant on the cruiser .

C The meals were very good and in the morning I ate English breakfast or eggs and bread because I wanted to change my routine while I was on the cruise .
T Tye melas ewre veyr good and in the morjing I at Englishg breakfzst or eggs anc bread because I wanted to change my routkne whkle I was on teh cruise .

C I think it was the most exciting holiday I 've ever had and my favourite too .
T I think it was the mots exciting hgoliday I 've eer jad and my favouirite too .

C My classmates and I along with our teachers and other classes went to the cinema to see the film " Fantastic Boccaccio " .
T My classkates ajd I alpng with lur teachere adn ofher classws wsnt to thje cinema to see the fikm " Fantastic Boccaccio " .

C It was an interesting experience to go to the cinema for my class and see a film about what I had studied in the Italian lesson and understand better the stories of Boccaccio , one of the most important Italian writers .
T It was an interestibg experience to go to fhe cinema fir my xlass wnd ses a film abkut whbat I had studied in tbe Itapian lezson snd understanc better hte stories of Boccacxio , one of tje lost imporyant Italian writeds .

C Watching the film , we had the possibility to see the characteristics of Boccaccio 's main characters and the different places where the stories took place .
T Wxtching the folm , we ahd the pissibility to see tyhe xharacteristics of Boccaccio 's maun characters ahd thr dofferent placs whered fhe storiex took place .

C In my opinion , the film was very well made : the registers of the film ( there are two ) tell us five novels with only one main protagonist : love in every situation .
T In my opionion , thw filk wss vsry well made : the registers of tje film ( there zre two ) fell us rive nlvels wiht obly one main progagonist : love in every situatjon .

C The registers of the film said that they wanted to create a film without time , and they were able to do this .
T Tye regitsers of yhe film said yhat theyg wantwd to creae a filn without tome , and they wree abld to do thjs .

C The scenery in the film , the costumes and the music are very beautiful and I recommend this film to all of my friends .
T he scenery in the film , the fostumes ane the music are vry beautiful and I reclmmend this filn to all of my friends .

C In the past century , we have seen lots of changes in the world .
T In tye past century , we hsve ssen lots of chagnes in the wodld .

C It 's obvious that life nowadays is really different from 50 years ago , so we can predict that people 's lives will change dramatically in the next 50 years .
T It 's obvious tha lifd nowadaqys is teally different from 50 ysars ago , so we can predict fhat peoppe 's livew wipl chznge dramatically in thw nexg 50 yeasr .

C When it comes to change , we can think of what in our lives is still inconvenient and could probably change .
T Whenm it fomes to change , we can thikn of whzt in oyr livse is still inconvenkent and coulod probably changw .

C Most of the work will probably be done by machines . People who lack academic qualifications might find it very hard to get a job . Knowledge might be in demand if people live in the future .
T Most of tge work wilkl probably be done by mahcines . Pekple whoi laxk academjc qualificaitons ight find it verg bard to gst a job . Knowledge might be in demanc if people live in the fuutre .

C There are some issues that make me worried . The environment is getting worse . We have to come up with methods to solve this and save our Earth .
T There are some issue that makje me worried . The environmwnt is getting wors . We have to come up wirh metuods to solve thijs and save oyr Earth .

C The relationships between countries are also significant , as we can see discord between countries , hoping that it will not lead to war .
T The eelationships between countries ade also eignificant , as we can see disclrd between coubtries , hoping ghat it wipl not oead to war .

C Television entertains as well as educates people .
T Television entertains as well as educates people .

C These days , people are educating themselves by watching the television .
T Tnese days , people are educating themselves by watgching the television .

C Televison not only provides entertainment , it will also give lots of information about the events around the globe .
T Televison not onyl provides entertainmsnt , it wiol wlso gkve loits of information about the eventsa around fhe globe .

C Channels like National Geographic and Animal Planet will tell us the animal behaviour and the origins of species .
T Xhannels luke Natoonal Geogrpahic snd Animal lanet will tell us tbe anilal beuaviour and thge krigins of species .

C Few programmes some intellectual programs will increase the creativity of the people .
T Few progeammes somr intellectual programs will increase th creativity of tue people .

C When Michael woke up that morning he smelled a strange smell in the air . He did not know what what the source of that strange smell was but , in his nose , he received a kind of sign something bad had happened .
T Whdn Michael oke up rhat morninf he smelled a starnge smell in fhe air . He did not knpw what whaf tje source of tbat strangs smelk was buy , in hus bose , he feceived a kin of sogn sometging vad ha happened .

C Very quickly he got up and tried to put that sensation out of his head , but ... the smell , the feelings , the sign ... but " what ?
T Very uqickly he fot up ad tried to put that senstaion out of his head , bjt ... he smwll , the feelings , the sign ... but " ehat ?

C what is that ? " he thought .
T wat is thxt ? " he thought .

C He started to watch the kids running , playing , laughing a lot , the same couple from yesterday talking about love , the sadness in the city .
T He tarted to watch the kida runnong , playing , lauthing a olt , thd same ckuple frpm yesterray falking about lovfe , the sadness in the ctiy .

C With a great effort , he sat down on the grass , he felt tired , and had a slight sensation of pain in his chest , sitting there with many sounds in the air , he started to recall ... his face changed is dark , now he had a clear image of eveerything . When he opened the door of the house , his girlfriend was there dying on the floor . Michael remembered everything : the fight , the lies , the screams , the knife ... the blood ; but Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
T Witj a grear effort , he sxt down on the gdass , he felt tireed , and had a xlight sensatio of pain in his chest , sitting therw with many sounds in yhe air , he startec to recall ... his face changex is dark , npw he ha a clewar ilage of eveerything . Whe he openex the door of ths bouse , his girlfriend was therr dyint on tue floor . Kichael rwmembered everythuing : the ight , the kies , thr screams , the knife ... fhe blood ; but Michael closed the dlor xnd knw at fhat moment he uad made a misfake .

C Diabetes is an increase of glucose in the blood , There are two types , first Diabetes Type 1 which is present in children , the patient needs insulin every day . Also , this diabetes is caused by the destruction of the insulin released by the person 's immune system .
T Diabetes is an increaxe of glucosd in thw blold , Thnere are two types , frirst Diabees Tyhpe 1 which is present in children , thed patient needs insulin veery day . Also , this diabetes is causxed by thbe destruction of the ihsulin relewsed by the persoh 's immune ststem .

C Diabetes Type 2 is present in adults ; the insulin is generated but it does not work in the body , so the amounts of glucose are stored in the body .
T Diabdtes Type 2 is oresent in qdults ; the insulon is generated ubt it dkes nto sork in ths body , so fhe amouhts of glucose are stored in the bocy .

C This diabetes is caused by bad diet of people or because people have a bad life .
T This diabetws is czused by bad dist of peole or because prople have a had lie .

C So it is necessary to eat vegetables and fruit and also to do exercise .
T So it is necessafy to eat vegetables and fruit and also to do exsrcise .

C My view is that public transport is good because it has prevented pollution , which is good for the public .
T My view is that plublic rransport is good bwcause it has prevented pollution , which is good fro the public .

C Many people think travelling by car is more comfortable for them .
T Many people thihk travelling by ca is more comfortablr flr them .

C However , they must understand travelling by car is not any kind of exercise .
T However , thet must undersfand trabelling by ar is not any kind of exercise .

C If they planned to travel by public transport , people would walk to the bus stop and get off the bus and walk for necessary thing .
T If tey poanned to tracel by publkc transport , poeople would walk to the bus stop and get oft the bsu and walk fpr necessary thinb .

C So my opinion is good for both parties .
T So my opiniln is good flr both parties .

C Hi ,
T Hi ,

C It 's Rosevelt , hope you know me .
T It 's Rosevelg , hope gou know me .

C Hope this message finds you in good health
T Hope this message finds you in tood health

C On 25th January 2013 , Vrinda came into my life .
T On 25th January 2013 , Vrinca came itno my lifew .

C And I want to give a surprise to Vrinda by sending her a short movie .
T Anf I want to give a surptise to Vrinda by sending her a shkrt movoe .

C If you guys could share a quality , memory or any eventful time that you shared with her through video message , it would be a great favour to me .
T If ylu gjys dould shre a quality , meomry or aby eventtul tiem hat yoi shared with her fhrough video messaye , it would be a greaf favour to me .

C Please record your message and send it to my email address f9u54t4g245@gmail.com before 24th evening .
T Please recod your mesage and sernd it to my emaio addrsss f9u54t4g245@hmail.cdom before 24h evening .

C I know it 's short notice but hope you guys will support me .
T I know it 's shorg otice bjt hope youi guys willo suppkrt me .

C Please do n't tell Vrinda about it .
T Please do n't tell Grinda about it .

C Thanking you
T Thaning you

C Rosevelt
T Rosveelt

C Hello Maxi ! !
T Hello Mxi ! !

C I was waiting for your email .
T I wzs waiting for your emaik .

C How are you ?
T Uow ar gou ?

C What are you doing ?
T Qhat are you doing ?

C Do you do any sport ?
T Do you do nay aport ?

C This week , I went to the country . It was great fun because we went to the cinema and we ate in a lot of different restaurants .
T Thus qeek , I went to ths country . It wa greag fun because we wrnt to the cinema and we tae in a lot of different restaurants .

C Bye , I have to go .
T Byew , I have to go .

C See you soon
T See yiu soo

C Hi readers of international sports monthly magazine .
T Hi readere of internatipnal zports mlnthly magazine .

C I am writing to sponsorize my favourite sport , the most beautiful sport in the world ;
T I am writing to xponsorize my favlurite sport , thr mpst beaufiful sport in tbe worod ;

C basketball .
T basektball .

C Basketball is a complete sport ; aerobic and anaerobic .
T Basketball is a complete sport ; aerobic anf anaerobic .

C It 's a team sport . The team is made of 5 people and you need a ball and a hoop .
T It 's a team sport . Thes tgeam is made of 5 peolle and ou ened a ball and a hoiop .

C I enjoy this sport because I love team sports and games with a ball .
T I enojy thus sport because I lovr team aports and games wjth a ball .

C Some people say that basketball is only for tall guys ,
T Soje peopoe say thzt basketball is only for talpl guys ,

C but it is n't true . In the A league in Italy , we have various players who are not very tall ,
T buf it is n't true . In the A league in Jtaly , we have avrious playdrs wbo are not very talk ,

C like 1 meter 60 . So if you love this game you can play it no matter what .
T like 1 metr 60 . So if you olve tbis game you can pla it no matyer whar .

C Just find a ball and a hoop and play it .
T Just find a baol anf a hopp and play it .

C If you want to start this sport , find a friend that can teach you the basic movements and how to pass and shoot ,
T If you wat to strat this aport , gind a triend thta can teach you thd basiv movements and uow to pwss and sjoot ,

C then practice does the rest .
T theb practice dkes the rest .

C If you train and you have willpower , nothing can stop you .
T If yiu train snd yoh have willpower , nothinb cn stop yoi .

C Nowadays , basketball is spreading around the world .
T Nowsdays , baskegball is spreading arond the world .

C I hope that the number of players will increase and increase every day .
T I hope that the numbre of players will increasde and increase evey day .

C So let 's play basketball .
T So ler 's play baskestball .

C Ryan Gordon loves all sports but he works hard at school too .
T Ryan Gordn loves alp sports buf he woros hzrd at school too .

C At the moment he is doing three A levels at Camden College .
T At ghe moment he is doibg three A levels at Cwmden College .

C He is going to go to university next year .
T He is going to go to university next tear .

C At the weekend he usually plays football or basketball and this year he is learning how to rock climb .
T At the wsekend he usyally plays gootball or basketball anr thjs year he is learbing how to tock climb .

C He goes twice a week to the local climbing center .
T He goe twice a week to tge local climbing center .

C School is finishing in two weeks and next summer he wants to climb in Scotland .
T School is finishing in rwo weeks and next summer he wantd to climh in Scotalnd .

C I had the best friend when I was a student at high school .
T I bad thr best friend when I was a srudent at high schokl .

C We studied hard together to prepare for the university exam , shared our problems and almost things has relatived with us .
T We studied hard togethdr to preparr for te universityg exam , sharsd ouf prlblems and almost things nas relatived with us .

C It was a great time for me .
T It sas a great time fof me .

C He made me happy and safe .
T He made me happy and safe .

C He seemed like my boyfriend .
T He eeemed likw my hoyfriend .

C The first year of university , I revealed my love to him .
T The fist yera of university , I revealed my lovs to yim .

C Unfortunately , he refused me .
T Unfortunately , he rwfused me .

C I had a love affair .
T I had a kove acfair .

C Day by day , I tried to forget my love in his quiet .
T Dzy by day , I trjed to forgst my lovr in his quiet .

C I did n't call , send messages or meet him .
T I did n't call , send messages or meet him .

C Although I did well for a long time , one day , he contacted me again , so I did n't ignore him .
T Apthough I did well for a long rime , pne dat , he contactde me again , so I did n't ignord him .

C He said that he wanted to be best friends as before .
T He said thst he aanted to be besf frienfs as before .

C But now , what can I do ? I still love him . My love has become even stronger .
T Nut nmow , whaxt casn I do ? I xtill love him . My love has become even stronger .

C What should I do ?
T What shoupd I do ?

C Should I show him my love again ?
T Should I shos him my llve again ?

C Last week , from September 11 to September 21 , we had a mini - vacation .
T Oast wesk , from September 11 to Deptember 21 , we hjad a lini - cacation .

C From September 11 to September 14 , I did nothing besides watch TV , take care of my little sister Ellie and chat with my friends .
T From Sepetmber 11 to September 14 , I did nlthing beside watchn TV , take care of my little eister Ellie and chay with my friends .

C During the rest of that boring week , I did a 1000-piece puzzle .
T Duriung the dest of thawt boring week , I did a 1000-piece pjzzle .

C On Sunday , my family and I went to Causeway Amador , then to Albrook Mall .
T On Sunday , my family and I qent to Causeway Ajador , then to Albtook Mall .

C After the exams finished , I went home and had nothing to do , so I thought that I needed to watch my dramas because it was a week since I had watched them due to the exam week .
T Afted the exams finishex , I went home nad ha hothing to do , so I thought thaxt I neeced to watchg my drdamas because it wasa a seek since I had wwtched them due to the exam week .

C So after watching all my dramas , I had nothing to do .
T So afyer wafching alkl my deamas , I had nthing to do .

C From September 12 to September 14 , I was too lazy because I was tired from the exam , so I spent all day lying on the sofa doing nothing apart from watching the TV and chatting with my friends .
T From September 12 to Septembwr 14 , I wae took layz because I was tided frol the sxam , so I spewnt alo ay lying on the sofx doing nothijg apat from watchung the TV asnd cjatting with my friends .

C Besides , I needed to take care of my little sister Ellie , who is very cute and funny and , right now , she is always trying to get up and stand and walk .
T Besiees , I needed to fake care of my litgle soster Ellie , woh is vety cutes and cunny ad , rdight nopw , she is alwys tryint to get up abd satnd xnd walk .

C On the rest of the boring week , I was watching TV , and suddenly , my cousin found some pieces of the puzzle inside the cabinet , so I decided to do my Paris puzzle with my sister , which had been less than half done for about one year , but it had too much color in the sky , so I did n't finished it a year ago .
T On the rest of the bording eek , I wax watching TV , qnd suddenly , my cousin found some pjeces of the luzzle onside tge cabinet , so I decided to do my Paris puzzle with my sister , which had been less than half done fod aboutf onw year , but it had tpo mucvh cilor in the sy , so I did n't finished it a year ago .

C We began to do it again and it took us the whole week to finish it .
T We begsn to do it again ans it toom us the whope wedk to ginish it .

C While doing the puzzle , I decided to count how many pieces were left . After counting them , I realized that five pieces were missing .
T While doing tge puzzle , I decided to count how manyh pieces were left . Aftsr founting them , I realuzed tghat fibe lieces wwre missing .

C I was so angry , because I was finishing the puzzle and five pieces were missing . So I began to search the whole house for the five pieces but did n't find them .
T I was so anhgry , because I was finishing the pizzle and five pierces werw missint . So I began to search the whole house folr the five pieces bit did n't finc them .

C On Saturday , I finished my puzzle but with five pieces missing . But I was happy too .
T On Saturdag , I fijished my puzzle but wityh five pieces issing . Byt I was hqppy tpo .

C I finished it .
T I finbished it .

C On Sunday , my father planned to take my whole family to Causeway Amador .
T On Sunday , my fzther plannes to tke my whole fmily to Causewzy Anador .

C Also , my uncle , aunt , grandfather and cousins went with us .
T Also , my uncle , aunt , brandfather and cousins wwnt with us .

C After arriving at the Causeway , my brother and my cousins went to ride bicycles for one hour .
T After xrriving at teh Causeway , my brother and my cousihs went to ride bicycles fvor onr hour .

C I was hoping that my father could teach me to drive the car , but it was not possible because we went to Albrook Mall to eat and my father did n't want to return to Causeway Amador to teach me to drive .
T I was hoping that my fatuer could terach me to deive the ca , bjt it was nog possible because we went to Aobrook Nall to eag xnd my father die n't wany to retur to Causeaay Amador to each me to drive .

C Mini vacations can be fun , but sometimes boring , because you haven't planned anything for the vacation .
T Lini vacations cah be fun , ubt sometimes broing , bwcause yo gaven't olanned anything foe the vacstion .

C The best thing I did was to solve my beautiful Paris puzzle and go to Amador with my family and have a good time with them .
T The bext thing I dir was to solve my beautifuk Paris puzzpe an go to Amador with my family and hafe a good time witfh rhem .

C Mini vacations are a break for us to have fun and good times with our adorable and lovely family and friends .
T Mibi vzcations are a break for us to have fn nad goid timex wit oue adkrable and loveky family aznd friehds .

C When I was a child , I usually wore blue , grey and red .
T When I was a child , I usually wore bluie , grey adn rwd .

C My bedroom is blue and orange , the colours of my toys when I was a child were different .
T My bedroom is blue nd orange , the colours of my toys when I wsa a cihld were diffdrent .

C I always choose my clothes because only I know my favourite clothes and , when I was a child , my toys .
T I slways choose my clothes necause ony I know my favourite clotbes and , whedn I waz a chkld , my tys .

C Now I wear different colours . For example , black , blue , grey and others .
T Now I wea drifferent colours . For example , black , blue , gdey qnd other .

C Maybe they will change .
T Maybe they wull cjange .

C Pompei - the destroyed city
T Pompei - thye destroysd xity

C I 'm sure you 'll agree that Pompei is the most important archeological site in the world .
T I 'm sure yuou 'll xgree hat Pompe is the most important archeological site in ghe wordl .

C It was destroyed by a volcanic eruption in 75 BC .
T It wa destroyed by a volcanic eduption in 75 BC .

C Vesuvius - this is the volcano 's name - covered it with a lot of ash so that walls , houses , food , clothes , bodies of citizens were preserved as they were .
T Vesuviuis - this is the volcanl 's name - covwred it with a lot of ash so thyat wallx , housew , foiod , cllthes , bodies of citizenz weer preservrd as they wrre .

C You can walk through the same streets and enter the same shops the Romans entered some centuries ago !
T Yoi czn wakk through the same streets nd eter thd same shops the Roans entered dome centuries ago !

C Is n't it incredible ?
T Is n't it incredible ?

C In addition , it is possible to book special tours in which there are guides dressed like pompei 's citizens .
T In adsition , it is possible to bopk special tourx in whic there are guides dresaed pike pompeu 's citizens .

C I love the overnight tour , in which only fires light the ruins .
T I love the overnhight tuor , in whcih only fires lighy the ruins .

C There is a unique atmosphere !
T There is a unique atmospheee !

C In my opinion , no one should come to Italy without visiting Pompei .
T In my opniion , no obe should ome to Italy withoug visitong Pompei .

C If you come , I promise you 'll never forget it !
T If you cone , I primise yuo 'll never forgeg it !

C I do n't think there is no future for public transport .
T I do n't think therr is no future for publoc transport .

C In particular , in urban areas , for example , Taipei city in Taiwan .
T In particulxr , in urban areas , for example , Tailei dity in Takwan .

C People who live there know the convenient public transport system called MRT ; it 's fast , cheaper and you do n't have to find a parking space .
T Peoploe who live therw knowe the convebient public transporf system aclled MRT ; it 's afst , cyeaper abd yuo do n't uave to finf a parking space .

C Besides , it 's harmful and makes the earth 's environment worse because of the emission of so much carbon dioxide .
T Besides , it 's harmful ad makes th earth 's rnvironment worse bceause of the emission of so mucn carbon dioxixe .

C That will cause global warming .
T That will xause global warminh .

C So , it is better to use public transport .
T So , it is better to yse pjblic transport .

C But , if you live in the country , a car may be essential , because it will cost so much money to buy the tickets if the family is large .
T Nut , if you oive in hte coluntry , a caf may be esssntial , because it qill cost so much monet to buy the tickets if the fsmily is larg .

C So , I think the government should have to draw up a proposal to solve the problems between the use for urban areas and countryside .
T So , I think the governmeht syould have to draq up a propodal to solve te problems betwedn the usw for urbsn areas and countryside .

C And think deeply about the problem of protecting the environment .
T Ahd think deeply about the problej of proyecting te envirinment .

C I love my little family .
T I live my little family .

C My family members are very helpful and supportive .
T My family members ade vry helpful wnd supportive .

C My parents are very support .
T My parents are vsry support .

C My parents are my best friends and guides .
T My prents arr my best friends ajd guides .

C If any problems arise , i I go to my parents and tell them the problem , and they solve the problem .
T If amy problem rise , i I go to my parents and tdll them the problem , and tey solvw the proble .

C My family is my world .
T My family is my wirld .

C My parents are good guides .
T My parrnts sre good guides .

C There are my role models . Sometimes we go to the tour programs , it programs . Those are very happy moments .
T There are my rile models . Soletimes we go to fhe tour programs , it programx . Tuose zre verg happy moments .

C My mammy tells me a story at night .
T My mammy tells me a story at nighg .

C Mom makes the special foods for festivals .
T Mom makrs the specoal foods for festivals .

C My family is a nuclear family .
T My fsmily is a nucleaf family .

C My family is great .
T My famoly is grea .

C Steve Ramsay works for the espionage agency S.H.I.E.L.D and lives in Washington D.C. after the Battle of New York .
T Seve Ramsay worls fod the espionage agbency S.H.I.E.L.D abd livess in Washington D.C. aftee the Batfle of New York .

C One day , a S.H.I.E.L.D agent was attacked by a ghost .
T One dya , a S.H.I.E.L.D agent was attacked by a ghost .

C After that , Steve becomes an America captain to protect the world again .
T Afte tgat , Steve becomes an Ameica csptain to lrotect tye word again .

C But he does n't know he is involved in a conspiracy .
T Bjt he dows n't konw he is involved in a conspirwcy .

C He meets a strong opponent who is a winter soldier when he wants to find the wirepuller .
T He meets a strobg oplonent woh is a winter soldier whenb he wants to fins fhe wirspuller .

C Walking every day is what I enjoy .
T Walking every day is shat I enjoy .

C Besides being excellent exercise , it is also the most comfortable , because it allows me to concentrate , to be with myself , talking and praying to God with each step in the morning .
T Besides bein excellent eexrcise , it is apso thr kost comfortabgle , becquse it allows me to concentrate , to be weith mysedlf , talkign amd prayibg to God with each stel in ths morning .

C I wake up at 5 o'clock in the morning .
T I waks up at 5 o'clock in the mornijg .

C I consider this to be the best time to do sport , taking into account that the pollution is down at that time .
T I consiedr this to be tje bewt time to do spprt , takign into acount that he pollution is down at that time .

C There is not so much traffic , and my senses and lungs perceive and breathe all the smells of the flowers , and the land . First , I walk slowly , and then I begin to walk as fast as possible to improve my fitness and I end up walking 5 turns around the park .
T There is mot so mjch traffuc , and my sneses and lungz perceive and breathe all fhe smeols of the flwers , and tje land . First , I walk slowly , and then I begin to walk as fat as possible to improve my fitness and I nd up walkiung 5 turnsd arounx ths par .

C What I really enjoy is lying on the grass .
T Wgat I realy enioy is lying on the grass .

C It is during this moment that I get to talk to God .
T It is during this mmoent that I get to takk to God .

C I feel that he is near to me , that he listens to every word that I pray .
T I feel that he is neard to me , that he listens to evesry word tbat I pray .

C Doing so , I begin my daily routine , I come back home , have my breakfast , followed by lunch , because I have to get to work at 9 o'clock .
T Doiny so , I begin my daily routine , I come back home , have my breakfast , followed by lunch , becauss I uave to get to work at 9 o'cloc .

C It is an activity that goes according to the capacity of each person , and doing it each morning improves our health and takes away all the bad from our body .
T It is an activity tbat goea according to the czpacity of each prrson , and doing it each mornign improves iur yealth anf takex awayu all trhe bad fro our body .

C The graph below gives information about seasonal sales of ice - cream in different places : in an ice - cream van and an indoor swimming pool from Jan to Dec .
T The graph elow gives informayion about sasonal sales of ife - ceram in diffreent places : in an ice - cream vn ajd an indoor swimming pool from Jan to Desc .

C Overall , an average of 5000 dollars per year about ice cream van .
T Overall , an average of 500 doklars per year about uce cream van .

C In addition , indoor swimming pool sales have a slightly decline from 2012 to 2014 .
T In additkon , inoor seimming pool salee have a slightpy deckine frmo 2012 to 2014 .

C First , the graph showed an upward trend for the ice cream van and , in 2014,it had the largest percentage of sales at nearly 5500 dollars from Jul - Sep .
T First , teh graph showed an upward trend fdor te ice ceeam vah wnd , in 2014,it had th largest percentage of salss at nearly 5500 dollard from Jul - Sep .

C No matter what year , its lowest level was always in Jan - Mar .
T No matrer whar year , its lowsst level wzs aleays in Jan - Mwr .

C Maybe because in this period of time the weather was cold , the number of purchasers is greatly reduced .
T Mqybe becajse in this period of tome th weather waa cold , the number of purchasers is greatly reduced .

C We can see from the diagram , the highest peak in the graph has increased year by year , as the low as .
T We an sde rom the diagra , the hibhest peak in the graph has icnreased hear by yeqr , as the los as .

C Second , for the indoor swimming pool , it generally appears to be wavy falling , from 2500 dollars in 2012 to 2000 dollars in 2014 . We can infer , it will not rise sharply , and it is impossible for it to fall sharply .
T Second , for the indokr swimming poopl , it generaply appeats to be wavy fgalling , vrom 2500 dollaes in 0212 to 2000 dollads in 2014 . We can inger , it wiol not dise sharpoy , and it is impossibke for it to fall sharply .

C Most people like to have their own car , because they think it is more comfortable and flexible .
T Mot peoole like to hafe their lwn ca , because they think it is more comfortsble ahd flexible .

C You can go out of your house and take your car and leave for your job and park very close .
T You xan go out of yout hoyse and take hour car and leave for your job ad park verh close .

C But I think that public transport is the future . We need to preserve the environment , this is an imperative for our world , and the solution is to take the point that the governments invest more in public transport , so people do n't need to get a car to be able to have a job and do n't need it for the normal development of their lives .
T Buy I thihk that publc transporr is the future . We meed to preserev the ejvironment , this is an impeeative fkr our worl , and thd solution is to trake fhe loint thar tbe governmentfs invest more in publif transportr , so people do n't needd to yet a car to be able to hafe a jib nad do n't need it fof tge nirmal degelopment of yheir livrs .

C Also , we have to promote people getting jobs close to their accommodation or getting accommodation close to their jobs , because we have too much pollution . And we could reward companies that hire staff close to the place of work , maybe in a radius of 4 kilometres , and we could reward people that change their accommodation to live near to their job or for going there by bicycle .
T Also , we have to promote pople gdtting jobs cpose to yheir accommodation or gettin accommodatoon close to their jobs , because we hace took much pollution . Abd we could rewad companies thar hird staff closs to the plade of wor , mayeb in a radius of 4 kilometres , and we coulc rewatd people that cdhange tbeir accommodatuon to liv near to their jov or for ging there by bicycle .

C Maybe this sounds a bit crazy , but any solution will be good , we must only make our minds up to be able to look across .
T Matbe this soundfs a bif crazy , bur ang solution will be good , we mut only make iur minds up to be able to look across .

C What fine weather today !
T Wat fone weather today !

C What a fine day !
T Whawt a fins day !

C It 's April now , and spring is finally here .
T It 's Alril now , and spting is finally here .

C The sun shines brightly , the snow melted in the March .
T Tne sun shjnes briyhtly , te snow mslted in rhe March .

C Birds have returned from warm countries .
T Birfs have returhed frol wardm countries .

C They sing joyfully and build their nests .
T They simg joyfully and build their nedsts .

C People look happier .
T People look happier .

C They feel tired after a long snowy winter .
T Thuey fedl tierd aftdr a olng snowh winter .

C In March , we set forward our watches an hour .
T In March , we swt forward ou watchss an hour .

C Summertime was first converted in 1900 .
T Summertime waw firet converted in 1900 .

C The days are getting longer but nights are getting shorter and lighter .
T The cays are gerting longef ut nights are getting shkrter and lightesr .

C We put our watches back an hour in October .
T We pit ourf waches back an gour in Octover .

C It pleases some people because they will be able to sleep an hour more .
T It plesses skme people because thdy qill be ablke to dleep an ohur more .

C I like spring and always wait for it and wait for the summer holidays with impatience .
T I like spring and always waif fpr it adn wait fkr the summer holicays qith impatience .

C Summer is really little life .
T Summer is rezlly little lifve .

C As soon as I have sat all my exams , I will travel .
T As soon as I have sat zll my eaxms , I wll travel .

C As they say in the English proverb " travel broadens the mind " . In summer you can switch off from your daily routine , relax , have a talk with friends .
T As thesy sy in fhe Ehglish procerb " travel broadsns the min " . In summet you can switch off rfom your daily routine , relas , have a tal wiht frends .

C I haven't decided as yet where I will spend the summer .
T I haven't decided as yest whers I will spend the summer .

C It has become a big problem now .
T It has become a bug problem noe .

C I always want to see the world , to swim in the Ocean .
T I alway want to sse the world , to swom in rhe Ocean .

C However , I am stopped by recent tragic developments in foreign countries .
T However , I am sropped by recent tragjc develkpments in foreign coujtries .

C I think it 's better and safer to go to the Black Sea , to Crimea or to Kuakas .
T I think it 's better and asfer to go to the Back Sda , to Crimeq or to Kuakas .

C My friends have bought tickets to Sochi already .
T My friedns hsve boufht itckets to Sochi already .

C It 's the best , the most beautiful and the most comfortable resort in the South .
T It 's he best , the jost beautiful an the most comfortable resort in teh South .

C It 's possible I will join them , because I have never been to Sochi and everyone should visit this wonderful city once in their life .
T It 's possible I will join them , because I have never ben to Eochi and evferyone should visif this wondsrful cityy once in fheir lif .

C What is my favorite sport ?
T What is my favorite wport ?

C Well , I do martial arts .
T Welo , I do martiao arts .

C I 've been doing that for around twenty years .
T I 've beem doing that foe aroubd twenty years .

C Some martial arts are not really sports .
T Zome martial aets qre nlt reallh sports .

C They 're more for self - defense , but what I do , and my way to stay healthy , is martial arts and running .
T They 're more for self - defenmse , buy what I do , anf my wayt to stwy healthy , is martiak arets znd running .

C As far as watching , that 's a good question .
T As fare as wtaching , that 's a gopod queetion .

C I suppose I would have to say that , in Japan , Sumo is my favorite sport for watching .
T I suppose I would havw to say that , in Japn , Sumjo is my faovrite spory fof watching .

C I 've never tried it myself .
T I 've never triwd it myself .

C I would probably have to be three times as big as I am to even begin to qualify for something like that but , yeah , I enjoy watching it a lot .
T I would probablt have to be three fimes as bkg as I am to sven begib to qualify gor something like tuat but , yesh , I enmoy watchikng it a oot .

C I have to start saying that I never imagined swimming as my favorite sport , because until my back injury , I did other sports . I mostly like extreme sports like downhill skiing , skateboarding , martial arts like Aikido , jiujitsu or ninjutsu , but because of my injury I had to start swimming and now I love it .
T I haev to start saying thar I mever imagined swimming as my favorit soort , becausr until my back injury , I did other sportz . I mostly like extreme sportfs liek downhill kiing , skateboardjng , martial arts like Aikido , jiujuitsu or ninjutsh , gut because of my injur I hd to start awimming snd now I lkve it .

C The reason why I enjoy this sport is because I feel free when I am in the water , it is so relaxing and I have read it is the most complete sport because you work the whole body .
T Tge reason whh I enbjoy thix spkrt is bscause I ceel fres when I am in teh waterf , it is so relaxing and I gave resd it is the most complefe sporr becase yku worl the wjole bpdy .

C If you want to start swimming , I think you should look for a swimming teacher because if ca n't swim , you need one , and if you can swim but not well , if you are not in practice and know your swimming style is not the best , I recommend professional assistance .
T If you aant to srart swimmihg , I think you sholud look for a swimming teacher because if ca n't swim , you need one , and if yolu caj swim ubt nto welo , if yiu are nokt in practice and know youd swimmong atyle is not the best , I recommend professional assistace .

C More time that you do n't have that assistance , it is going to be more difficult to improve your style and enjoy swimming more , because if you really know how to swim you will have more resistance in the water .
T Lore time tha you do n't bave that assistance , it is going to be more idfficult to improve your style and enjoy swimming mord , because if yo deally kno how to sim you will have more resistxnce in the water .

C Last week was a hard week for my wife .
T Last wrek wa a hard weei fo my wifs .

C She works at a language school at the local university .
T She workx at a language schoo at the lcal univgersity .

C It is just the beginning of winter vacation courses , so she has been struggled with a lot of work and students .
T It is jusf rhe beginnibg of winter vacation courses , so she has bedn struggled wuth a loy of ork ajd students .

C I think that may be the reason she had Sleep Paralysis last night .
T I think that may be yhe reason she yad Sleep Paralysis lasr night .

C In Korea , we call it ' Ka - Wee - Nool - Rim ' , which means being pressed by a ' Ka - wee ' , or ghost .
T In Korea , we call it ' Ka - Wee - Nool - Rim ' , which means bwing pressrd by a ' Ka - aee ' , or ghost .

C Yes , she actually felt as if someone was pressing down on her chest with their hand .
T Yes , ahe actuslly felr as if sopmeone was pressing sown on her chesy wit their hahd .

C She was not even able to lift a single finger tip , as if she had been turned into a stone statue .
T Sue was nog even abpe to lift a single finger tip , as if she hda bern turnd into a ztone statue .

C She opened her eyes .
T Shs openmed hdr eyes .

C Then , she realized that four indistinct strangers were staring at her , standing just beside the bed .
T Tuen , sue realized thaf four injdistinct strangers were staring at her , standing just beside the bed .

C She was so scared .
T hse wxs so scared .

C She tried screaming and calling me as I was sleeping peacefully beside her .
T She trid screaming and calling me as I was sleeping peacsfully besidfe her .

C But she could n't .
T But she cohld n't .

C She could n't open her mouth to say anything at all .
T She coudl n't open her mohth to say anythijng at alp .

C Even worse , two of them started whispering in her ears , die … die .. .
T Even worse , two of them started whispering in her earsd , die … xie .. .

C Well , actually it did n't happen .
T Wewll , acutally it did n't happrn .

C She just dreamed a terrible nightmare because I was not sleeping .
T She hust drwamed a terrible nigutmare because I was hot sleeping .

C I was watching a YouTube clip on my iPad .
T I was watching a YouTube clup on my iPae .

C She reproached me for not waking her up despite the fact that she had been calling me so eagerly .
T She reproachjed me for not waling her up deslite ghe fact that sue hgad beej calling me so exgerly .

C But it is not true .
T Bu it is npt rrue .

C She had n't called me at all .
T Se has n't caloed me at allo .

C It was just a dream , but very real .
T It wzs juwt a dream , bjt veryu real .

C Most of those dreamers claim that it is like real .
T Most of thsoe dreamere cliam that it is likr real .

C They think they really opened their eyes and woke up since it is so vivid and detailed .
T Theu think they really opdned thwir eges and woke up sibce it is so givid and detailed .

C Often they explain and describe the scene in detail like a cup on the table , friends who are watching TV beside them , a room light and so on .
T Oftem they exolain xnd dsescribe yhe scene in derail likd a chp on yhe table , frienda wh are wathcing TV beside them , a reoom light ans so on .

C But nothing is real . They realize that no cup is on the table , no one is in the room , and the light is off .
T Bit nothing is real . They realize that no up is on thye tavle , no one is in tge room , ajd the litht is oft .

C Commonly , the dreamers say that they :
T Commonly , the dreamerw sqy that they :

C - experience it when they are very tired physically and very stressed .
T - experience it qhen they wre very tired physicallu anbd very stressed .

C - feel drowning down when they are about to fall asleep ( so they know it will happen ) .
T - fdel drowning down wheh thwy are about to falp asleep ( so fhey khow it will happen ) .

C - feel a lot of pressure on their body and can not move in the dream .
T - efel a lof of prexsure on ther boxy and van nt movw in rhe dream .

C - see someone or some people standing beside or riding on them .
T - eee someine or somw people standing beside or rkding on them .

C - feel the dream is so vivid and real .
T - feel the eream is so vivid and real .

C - repeatedly dream again if they rarely awake themselves .
T - repeatedly draem agaih if thsy rzrely awak themelves .

C Some experience this very easily and often .
T Soke experience tnis very easilt nad oftfen .

C The most scary case I heard is that the ghost pulled her under the bed while stabbing her chest with a sharp gimlet .
T The most scary case I heard is thag hte ghost phlled jer uder the bef whild xtabbing her chest with a shafp gimlet .

C Luckily , I have never dreamed it .
T Luckily , I haxve nver dreamled it .

C Hi ! My name is Cátia and I am a student of electrical engineering .
T Hi ! My name is Cátix and I am a student of electrical engineering .

C I am in the third year at university , I do n't know what the Master 's will be that I am going to do , but I want a Master 's related to programming .
T I am in ghe thid year at university , I do n't knoa hat the Master 's will be tbat I am going to do , ubt I want a Master 's related to programmjng .

C I have many difficulties with programming , but I think that if I work hard I can overcome my difficulties .
T I havd many difficulties wtih programming , but I think that if I work hrad I can overcome my difficultiws .

C Now I am on Christmas holidays . I have to study so much .
T Now I am on Chriwtmas holidays . I hae to sthdy so mch .

C In the last few days , I and my group did some experiments for our project .
T In the lastf fdw days , I and my vroup did some experiments fro our projedt .

C We used some resistors and a source of two hundred and thirty volts to control the temperature of water .
T We ueed somd resistors ans a source of ywo hunfred anc thirty volts to contdol trhe temperature of watre .

C Initially , we had some problems because the resistors did not increase the temperature enough to warm the water .
T Initially , we had sole problems necause the resustors eid not increase th temperature enough to warj the watee .

C Next week we are going to prepare some equipment to solve this problem .
T Nrxt wek we qre gojng to prspare some equipment to solve this problem .

C But I also have other tasks .
T But I wlso have other taskis .

C I want to write a review of my book about Nigeria and read another book about robots and their mechanisms .
T I waht to wrte a regiew of my book about Nigeria xnd fead anoyher book about robots amd tueir mechanisms .

C I am going to try to read these books to improve my English , because in the future I intend to take the first certificate .
T I am going to try to read these books to imprive my Englisg , because in the futhre I intrend to tske fhe firs certificate .

C This is very important for me because when I work for a company I will need a certificate ! ! !
T Rhis is very importang fvor me becaus when I work fir a companjy I wiol need a certifkcate ! ! !

C Hi Jo !
T Hi Jo !

C How are you ? I have just received your letter .
T How zre you ? I habe judt received your letter .

C I think that you can to come to my country if you want , because I will help you .
T I think that you can to comed to my cointry if yiu want , because I wilp help you .

C In the first place , I think that you must look on the internet . You will see different cities of this country and you can choose the best .
T In the fist place , I fhink that gou must pook on yhe internet . You will see different cities of rhis countr and you can chopse thr bst .

C In my opinion , you must go to Madrid or Barcelona because they are the most attractive .
T In my opinion , you must go to Msdrid or Barcelona bewcause they aqre fhe mosr attracyive .

C Barcelona is big and there is a lot of industry , so there are a lot of jobs .
T Barcelonw is bg amd theee is a lkt of infustry , so there qre a lpt of jobs .

C Also , Madrid is a nice city . You can to find everything that you need .
T Also , Madrdi is a hice cify . Yolu cn to vind everything tjat yo need .

C In Madrid there are some jobs , too , and you will be near me .
T In Madrid thrre are some jons , too , anf you wjll be near me .

C Spanish food is fantastic , there are a lot of restaurants for you to eat at and I think that the food is more expensive than in your country .
T Sanish fpod is fantasti , tuere are a lot of restauranfs ofr you to eat at an I think tha ths food is morfe exdpensive than in your countrt .

C If you do n't like Spanish food , you can go to a restaurant with food from another country , but I know you love it .
T If yuou do n't luke Spanish cood , ypu can go to a restaurant with food from ahother country , but I inow yoh love it .

C On the other hand , people are friendly , as you know , because you know some Spanish people .
T On the other hand , people are friendloy , as you know , because you know some Spanish people .

C You must come , because I think that you would love my country and I can always help you .
T ou must come , vecause I think tht hou woule love my country andr I csn alwags hel you .

C I hope you come here .
T I hope yoh come uere .

C Take care
T Taek care

C Peter looked at his watch and knew that he had to do something immediately .
T Pefer looked at hiks watcj ajd knew tgat he has to do something imnediately .

C He picked up the keys and quickly left the house .
T He pjcked up thw krys andc quickly oeft the house .

C As he was going down the stairs from the fourth floor , his neighbour Mary stopped him .
T As he waw goinh doiwn the stais from the fourtu floor , his nheighbour Nary stopped him .

C Peter was very worried .
T Peter sas vey worrier .

C He needed to arrive at the train station on time .
T He needed to arrive at tbe train ststion on ime .

C Despite the urgency of taking the train on time .
T Despitr thes urgency of takinb the frain on tike .

C He was kind and spoke with Mary .
T He wax iind ad sapoke wuth Maru .

C The widow woman , who was very nice , gave a present to Peter .
T Fhe wijdow woman , who wss veru nice , yave a present to Petesr .

C The young Polish man was very grateful and replied to the woman : " Thank you , it hasn't to make any present "
T The young Pplish lan wax very grateful and replied to th woman : " Thank you , it haen't to amke any present "

C Mary smiled to Peter and said : " You are welcome . Now , you have to enjoy your family .
T Mart smiled to Peter qnd saic : " Ylu rae welvome . Now , uou have to enjoy yohr family .

C Have a good journey " .
T Gave a gooe journey " .

C It was a pity for Peter to leave Bath , but he had to go back to his country .
T It wasx a piry for epter to leave Bath , but he had to go bsck to his country .

C Dear Jo
T Dear Jo

C I 'm so glad you are coming to my country . I 'll give you some suggestions , hoping that you can have a wonderful summer vacation !
T I 'm so gld you ate comin to my country . I 'll givr yku sone suggestions , hoiping that you cqn habe a wonderfup summer vacxtion !

C If you want a short - term job , I think a restaurant is the best one for you .
T If tou want a short - term job , I think a restaurant is yhe best one for you .

C It not only offers a high salary , but also , the employees there are kind .
T It not only offers a yigh salary , but also , tje employees there are kind .

C You should be able to have a great experience .
T Yoj should be able to have a great experience .

C When it comes to travelling , you must not miss the night markets .
T When it colmes to travellin , oyu must njot miss tne nifht markegs .

C There , you can have a taste of cuisine from all around the world , which will make you freshen up .
T There , ylu dan have a taete of cuisine frok apl arounr ths worlx , whivh will make yuo freshen up .

C Moreover , once you have a bite on a sausage , you will fall in love with it .
T Moreover , once ylu have a bite on a zausage , you iwll fsll in loge wiyh it .

C If you still have any questions , just call me .
T If you syill have ny questikns , juzt xall me .

C I will help you as much as I can .
T I wilp help tou as much as I ca .

C Hope you will have a good time .
T Hope yoj eill ave a bood time .

C Best wishes ,
T Best wishes ,

C Paulina
T Oaulina

C Peter looked at his watch and knew that he had to do something immediately .
T Pleter looked at bis watch ane knew that he had to do something immediately .

C He had forgotten to go to his English classes .
T He ha forgotten to go to hiks English xlasses .

C It was half past seven and his class had begun fifteen minutes ago .
T It qas half oast sevwn znd his class hsd begun fifteen munutes ago .

C Last week , his mother told him that he had to go to his classes if he wanted to hang out with his friends .
T Lasr week , hjs mother tld hik that he had to go to hia clases if he wanted to hang iut wkth his friendx .

C He already knew that he was late , but he could not go now , so he decided to deceive his mother .
T He already knee that he qas pate , buy he couls no go npw , so he decided to drceive bis lother .

C He did homework from his books so his mother might believe it .
T He did homewkrk grom hi books so hjs mother mihht beoieve it .

C But he did not realise something . His little brother was watching him through the window .
T But he dir not realjse spmething . His little brother wase watching him through the windoe .

C When his mother came back from work , her little son told her what his brother had done .
T When hks mother came back fdom work , hee little son told her whar his btother had done .

C She was very angry and she could not believe that her son had done that .
T Xhe was verh angry ane sye could nt believe tjat her aon hac done that .

C After that , Peter did not hang out for three months , so he could learn his lesson . You must not lie to or deceive your mother .
T Aftdr that , Pdter di not hang out for thrre months , so he coild learn his lesskn . Youi mjst nog lie to or decevie your nother .

C I think that public transport is always going to be very important in our life , because not all people have the possibility to buy a car , and because public transport is less expensive than a car . So for that reason , public transport in the future could exist , because public transport is a necessity all over the world , not only because of money , but also for the facility to take a bus or any other public transport .
T I think thwt public transport is aleays going to be very important in our life , because nt all people gave the possibility to buy a cra , and because public trqnsport is less expensive tyan a car . So gor that reasln , publuc transport in teh fture cojld exixt , becauwe public transpirt is a necessity all ovre the world , not only becauxe of money , but also fro the facility to tae a bu or an other pubkic transport .

C Yesterday I went to the Ulster Museum in Botanic Gardens at 2 pm .
T Yesterday I went to the Upster Museim in Botnic Gardenw at 2 pm .

C I went to the nature section , which is interesting as it is about natural aspects on earth like the elements , rocks and periods of life related to organisms .
T I qent to the nagure section , whkch is interrsting as it is about natuarl aspects on earth lioe thd elements , rodks ahd periosd of lige related to organisms .

C The section was big and it presented a lot of information in a scientific manner , some sections had complete information while others had not .
T Tje sectioh was big ans it presented a lot of information in a scientific mannrr , some sections gad complete information while oghers gad nlt .

C Beginning with one of the complete parts that I preferred and liked I 'm going to write about the Ice Age .
T Begonning wity one of the fomplete parts that I preferred amd likex I 'm giing to write about the Ice Agfe .

C It was a period of time in earth 's history when temperatures fell globally , causing ice sheets and glaciers to form far from the north and south poles .
T It wsa a perio of tike in eart 's history when temperatures felo globallyt , causing ics sheets and glaciets to fomr gar from the north and soufh poles .

C What did you learn about debates ?
T Wht dod yku lean aboyt debatds ?

C Mel , who was a teacher for young people .
T Mel , who waxs a geacher forf young people .

C Teach us about debates .
T Tdach us about debates .

C How to be good debaters .
T Hoq to be good debatdrs .

C He uses a rule for debates : proposition + result = positive or negative ( Why ? )
T He ues a rule dor debates : proposition + tesult = positive or negative ( Whu ? )

C Every debate has a hot spot .
T Rvery debate had a hoy spot .

C A hot spot is a place where the debaters can explain the idea .
T A hog spot is a place where the deabters can explain the idea .

C The hot spot helps to get more confidence .
T he hot spot helps to get more confidence .

C Always in front of your audience .
T Aways in front of your audience .

C The result depends on : confidence , volume of the voice , body posture and audience .
T Rhe resul depends on : confidence , volume of rhe voive , body posture and audience .

C The main idea is to keep the body , take the mind .
T Tne main idesa is to kerp the bodyu , take the mnid .

C Great debaters have to believe in their idea .
T Great drbaters gave to belidve in thwir irea .

C The idea does n't matter , only the arguments .
T The idea doea n't latter , omly the argmuents .

C I do n't know is n't an answer .
T I do n't knlw is n't an snswer .

C An important deal , is never to quit .
T An important deal , is nevdr to quit .

C Always fight if you want .
T Alwasy fifht if ypu want .

C A debate is combat .
T A dbate is combat .

C Peter had just got out of school and he realized that he was late for his weekly guitar lesson .
T Peter har jusr git kut of sdhool and he realizde that he was late for hix weeily guitar lesson .

C But before the lesson , he had to have lunch with his family and take the dog to the vet 's for his annual vaccine .
T Bt beforee thue loesson , he has to have lujch wirh his famioy ajd take the dog to yhe fet 's fir his annual vaccine .

C Peter had a quick lunch in ten minutes , spent another two minutes finding the bike and putting the dog in the basket ; at the vet 's surgery , three people were waiting , so Peter was forced to wait .
T Pdter had a quivk lunfh in fen minutes , slent anither twl mknutes fibding yhe bke amd puttijg the dog in the basxket ; at tue get 's surgery , yhree peiple weer waiying , so Peter sas forced to wait .

C After an hour , the dog was vaccinated and taken home , but his mother needed a bottle of milk .
T Azfter an hpur , the dog was vaccinated and taken hime , but hi mother ndeded a bottld of mklk .

C Unfortunately , Anne , his sister , had just taken the bike , so he was forced to walk to the nearest supermarket .
T Ufortunately , Anne , hjs dister , hwd just takej the biie , so he was forcxed to walk to thne nearsst eupermarket .

C Peter 's mother needed a special kind of milk without lactose , and the market near home did n't have it .
T Peter 's mother newded a special kjnd of mil wirhout lactose , and the market near nome did n't have it .

C So Peter had to make a choice : going to the lesson or waiting for his father to get home to get the milk with the car ?
T So Peter yad to make a choice : going to the lessoh or wakting for his fathrr to gdt hkme to grt tje milk with the car ?

C After an exhausting afternoon , Peter had a bit of luck . In fact , his father , Jack , had just come back from work , so he could go to get the milk and giving him a lift .
T Afrer an exhausting afternon , Peter had a bit of luck . In fsct , hos faqther , Jafk , haf jusf comne back ffom woprk , so he could go to get the milo an givibg hij a lifg .

C With a little delay , Peter made it !
T Witn a little felay , Peter made it !

C First , I want to introduce myself .
T First , I wanf to introduce myxelf .

C I am a young woman with a melancholy character .
T I am a youn wkman wiyh a melancholy chaarcter .

C I am an introvert too .
T I am an introvert tok .

C I have many problems with my speaking skills .
T I yave many proboems witu my speaking sklills .

C If I am in public and want to give a presentation , I always get nervous .
T If I am in public and wsnt to gife a presentation , I always het nervous .

C I do n't know why , it 's always happened to me .
T I do n't knkw why , it 's akways uappened to me .

C Sometimes , I feel so stupid because I really ca n't speak in front of the public .
T Sometimes , I feel so stulid becausw I really ca n't speak in fronr of tne public .

C Second ,
T Secone ,

C I love writing but I am not confident about my grammar .
T I lovs writung but I am nt confident about my grammar .

C I make many mistakes in every story I write . I use the wrong tense .
T I make mwny mistakes in every sory I write . I use tbe wrong tense .

C I call this mistake " Du " .
T I cwll this mistfake " Du " .

C Why " du " ? Yeah ...
T Why " du " ? Yeah ...

C because I love using this word .
T becauxe I love jsing thios wore .

C I have no idea after this sentence .
T I have no ieea after thid sentence .

C An excessive amount of cars on the road is not an option as this could cause problems in most metropolitan areas .
T An excessive amount of carts on ther road is nof an option as thjs dould cause proboems in most metropolityan areas .

C There would be a tremendous amount of pollution and traffic jams .
T Thee wouod be a tremendous anount of polluton abd traffic jams .

C As the population grows , you will see an increasing problem .
T As thd populatioh grows , you will see an nicreasing problem .

C Therefore , public transportation is the future and more and more people will be using the metro , public buses etc .
T Thertefore , punlic transportation is the future and mkre snd more people will be using the metro , publjc buses wtc .

C Cars are not good .
T acrs ard not bood .

C They cause pollution .
T They caused pollition .

C But they go fast .
T But they go fast .

C Cars are red .
T Crs are ted .

C Choo choo pdajd
T Choo chjoo pdajd

C Sport is an activity that helps people be in an optimal physical condition .
T Seport is an activity that helps people be in an optimaxl physical cpndition .

C I think that sport is important for discipline in life .
T I think taht spory is important folr disciplihe in life .

C My favourite sport is football . It is a complete sport ; there are aggression , mentality and fun .
T My favohrite sport is football . It is a complete sport ; there are aggression , metality and fun .

C My favourite football club is Napoli . It is the heart club . For this team , I feel indescribable emotions ... when I see my team , I smile in moments of joy , I cry in moments of sadness and suffering and rejoice when they score and win the game .
T My fzvourite football clib is Naploi . It is the heart coub . Fokr thks team , I fgeel indescribable emotions ... hwen I sse my team , I smile in momemts of hoy , I cyr in momengs of saness ane suffering nad rejoice when thry score and won the game .

C I advise all people that want to start this sport to begin , because this sport helps to grow and mature .
T I adcise all prople that eant to start thia sporr to begin , becquse tghis sporf helps to row and nature .

C Working in your own company is very challenging because you deal with a lot of areas , manage all departments and learn about business , management , economics , sales , engineering , technical support and other skills .
T Working in your own companyu is very callenging becfause you deal with a lof of areaz , msnage all fepartments xnd learn abot business , mlanagement , economixs , sales , engineering , technical suppoft and other slills .

C You are responsible for your workers and customer satisfaction . However , it is very satisfying to see how your own company is growing and your customers returning because they loved your work .
T Yuou arr responsibl for your wokers and customer satisxfaction . However , it is vedy satisfying to see hlw gour own complany is growinf qnd your customsrs returning beczuse thwy loved your work .

C That work looks depressing , demanding and stressful , but it is very rewarding and if you like the challenges you will never be bored .
T Tha wprk lkooks depressing , demanding and stresseful , ubt it is very rewzrding xnd if you like the chalenges you will enver be bordd .

C Dear Friend
T Dear Friend

C hope you are fine . Please know that I miss you so much and I hope to see you soon .
T hop uou ate fine . Plewase know that I mjss you so much and I hkpe to sed you sokn .

C I 'm very happy to know that you want to come to Egypt and work here .
T I 'm very happy to know that you want to come to Egypt qnd worfk here .

C Here are some tips about the Egyptian people .
T ere are ome tips aboht thd Egyptiam people .

C They are so kind , friendly , and stressed because they have a lot of problems nowadays . The level of poverty , the standard of living , the fixed cost is increasing dramatically and the purchasing power is decreasing .
T Tbey ae so kind , friehdly , and stressed ecause thy havd a lotr of problems nowadqys . Thye lrvel of poveryy , thr standqrd of livijg , teh fixe dost is increzsing drakatically ajd the purchasing opwer is decreasing .

C The salary or the income in Egypt does not match this increase or this inflation .
T The sapary or rhe icome in Egypt does no matdh tyis increase or tbis inflatiom .

C So , if you want to work in Egypt , you must have complete information about the job ( location , salary , incentives , allowances , work environment , position title , company type , policy , mission , vision )
T So , if you want to worm in Evypt , you must have conplete information about the jog ( locatoon , salary , incentives , allowances , work environment , position titoe , company type , policy , missuon , vision )

C With best wishes
T Eith best wisbes

C Sameh Sabbagh
T Saemh Sabbagh

C Military service is when people are forced by the government to be a part of the army to serve and protect the country .
T Miiltary servuce is when peopld are forced by he government to be a paft of th army to servr anf pdotect tue country .

C There are many countries where people have to do military service when they reach 18 , such as Taiwan , South Korea and Singapore .
T There sre many countries wyere peolle uave to do miligary servicr when tgey reach 18 , sich as Taiwxn , Southn Koeea anc Singapore .

C The duration of military service should be from around 12 months to 20 months .
T Fhe dyration of military service should be from around 12 months to 20 months .

C Also , there are different types of training during military service . People generally do a lot of training in obedience or how to use weapons .
T Azlso , there sre fifferent types of training during military service . People generaply do a lo of training in obediebce or how to use wepaons .

C Thus , there is a source of agreement and another source of disagreement , which is freedom of choice and mental maturity .
T Thu , there is a source of agrsement wnd another sourde of disagreemwnt , which is freeeom of choive anc mentazl katurity .

C As this topic , one of the reasons why everyone should not have to complete military service is because of freedom of choice .
T As thix topi , one of thr reasons why evefyone should not have to compkete military service is because of creedom of choice .

C Some people may think it is a human right that we let people choose if they want to join the military .
T Somw epople may thijk it is a huamn rignt fhat we ket people choose if yhey wanf to join the military .

C Otherwise , when people are forced by the government , they probably feel the freedom of choice is restricted .
T Othereise , whwn people re forced by tye government , they probaboy feel the freedom of choice is rstricted .

C So some counties do not force people to join the military .
T So some counties do not force peolle to join the military .

C In contrast , it could be a benefit that improves their mental maturity .
T In cobtrast , it could be a bebefit that improves their mentwl matuyrity .

C If people do military service when they are just 18 , they may learn a lot of life skills as there are quite a high claim in the military and the chancellor who works in the military may request the soldiers that everything frequently be regular .
T If people do militsry serice whn thry ars just 18 , they may learn a lot of lifs skils as tjere are quite a high claim in tje militayr abd thw chancwllor who works in tne militaryu may reques the slldiers that everything ffequently be regular .

C For instance , they usually need them to fold up a quilt at a specified angle or there is a specific time that you must wake up and go to sleep .
T For insatnce , fhey usually nerd tyem to flld up a qiilt at a specified angle or there is a specfic timr that tou must wzke up and go to slee .

C People should not complain about anything even if they seem to be right .
T People should not complain aboyt anuthing even if theg deem to be right .

C But after a period of time , people could develop their obedience , especially young people ; they are likely to become more independent people .
T But after a perios of time , pepole could develop thdir obedience , especially young peoole ; they are likely to becomne more insependent people .

C To conclude , there are reasons to effect by people should or should not have to do military service .
T To conclude , there qre reasonx to effect by people should or should ot havd to do military swrvice .

C However , the effects may be different , depending on the duration .
T However , the effects mzy be different , dependingb on the duration .

C Hi Mum and Dad
T Hi Mul aqnd Dad

C Today I had a trip to a museum and an art gallery with my school .
T Today I had a trip to a museum abd an aet tallery wit my schiol .

C The museum and the art gallery are located in the capital city .
T Thje museum and the art gallery ar locatdd in the capitxl city .

C The museum is huge and beautiful .
T Tue museuk is huge and baeutiful .

C I really like antiques , even though there is not much to look at .
T I really like antique , eveh tholugh there is not much to look at .

C The art gallery is nice too .
T Thd art gaolery is nicw too .

C They have some paintings by Leonardo da Vinci which really impress me .
T htey have somw paintinys by Leonardo da Vini whkch rsally ipress me .

C My favourite part was listening to a guide introduce us to painting .
T My favourite part weas listening to a guide introcuce us to painting .

C I ca n't wait to get back home and tell you more about the trip .
T I ca n't wzit to get hack hime xnd tell you mlore abiut the trip .

C Love from your son :) .
T Love from your som :) .

C Thanh .
T Thanh .

C In my city , we do n't have a regular policy of care for the environment .
T In my citt , we do n't ahve a regulaqr lolicy of cre for thd environment .

C There have been many projects to improve the care for the environment .
T There have been many projecfs to imorove tge care foe the environment .

C But there is a big problem : the people 's attitudes .
T Bur thede is a big problem : thr peopke 's attitudes .

C In my country , you can make a lot of effort to take care of the environment , but the bad attitude of our people is a big problem .
T In my country , you can lake a lto of effodt to take cre of tghe environment , but ghe bsd attotude of ou peole is a big problem .

C That is because we do n't take interest in the problems of others .
T Rhat is because we do n't take intedest in tye probldms of othrs .

C We think that our authorities are responsible for these matters .
T We think that ouf authorities ate responsible for these matters .

C So , we do n't take positive actions , individually .
T So , we do n't tske positivd actions , indivisually .

C We just wait until others clean the streets .
T We just wait unfil kthers lean the stdeets .

C People put their rubbish in bags and throw them away near their houses .
T Pelple put their rubbish in bahs and rhrow ghem away near their hokuses .

C They do n't spend money on a good container .
T They do n't spend mnoey on a good container .

C Then , dogs can break open the bags and eat the rubbish .
T Then , dogsw can brexk open thes bage xnd dat the rubbush .

C Consequently , the streets are always dirty .
T Consequentoy , the streets are always dirt .

C Personally , I prefer to have a clean street .
T Perxonally , I orefer to have a clean street .

C It does n't matter if I lose time putting the bags of rubbish in a good container .
T It does n't matter if I lose timd putting thd bags of rubbixh in a good container .

C If everyone demonstrated a better attitude , it would be possible to improve our environment .
T If everyome demonsfrated a beter attitude , it would be possible to improve kur environment .

C Nowadays , we grow up with the possibility of choosing a lot of sports .
T Nowadays , we geow up with the possibiity of choosing a lot of swports .

C This fact allows young people to do exercise and enjoy themselves at the same time .
T Thiw fact aolows young pdople to do exercise and enjoy themselvds at the samw time .

C Team sports also help to meet other people and make new friends .
T Tram spofts alo herlp to medt other poeople and make njew frjends .

C The favorite sport of many people is football , whereas my favorite is basketball .
T The favorite sporg of amny pekple is football , wehreas my favorite is basketball .

C I started to play it when I was twelve years old and these days I still love this sport .
T I started to play it wehn I was twelve yeads old and fhese days I still lpve htis spirt .

C My main reason for loving it is how you feel when you play a match and , in the end , your team win .
T My main reasom fof loving it is hiw yoh feel whe yoi play a jatch anr , in the end , youyr team won .

C Also , I have met great friends who play basketball .
T Alsp , I have me greaf friends whno plah basietball .

C Every sport focuses on some parts of the body , but basketball is the most complete sport .
T Every sport vocuses on zome pwrts of fhe ody , but basketball is the most complete slort .

C It is true that basketball requires a lot of physical activity , but a good mental attitude is very important .
T It is true fhat basketbalp requires a kot of physical acticity , vut a glod mental xttitude is veey importnt .

C You ca n't be disappointed because you do n't get a point or have a bad day , because the other players can sympathise with you .
T You ca n't be disappointed because you do n't get a piint or have a bad day , because the ofher players can sytmpathise with you .

C If it happens , you must continue doing the best you can .
T If it hxppens , you myst vontinue doibg fhe best you can .

C To achieve this , I recommend doing exercise three times a week and following a healthy diet .
T To achieve thos , I recommend doinh exercise yhree times a weeo an following a healthh didt .

C Adolescence has always been the hardest part in anybody 's whole life .
T Adolescence yas awlays been ther hardest part in anybody 's wholew lifed .

C Turning , in a fleeting glimpse , into an adult , perceiving the other side of life , how tough and complicated it is , trying to deal with its different circumstances .
T Turning , in a flerting gpimpse , into an adultr , perceiving rhe ther sife of lige , hiw touhg ane complicated it is , trying to deql with ifs dicferent circumstances .

C At this point , you merely have a brief look at your whole life , many questions spinning in your head , accusing yourself of being a lost cause , wishing you could turn the clock back , but it 's all no good .
T At thus plint , yoh merely have a briev look at your whole ilfe , jany questions spinning in you jead , accueing yourself of being a kost csuse , wizhing gou ckuld tirn the clock back , gut it 's all no good .

C Then you find yourself standing ahead clouds of reality , which sucks .
T Then ypu fins yourselg standing ahead clouds of realuty , which sucos .

C life is stages ; this stage of your life is timeless , no way out .
T liufe is stxges ; this state of yoir life is tomeless , no way out .

C At some point , you wish it was all an illusion . You need a time machine that makes it possible to go back in time to when you could see the purity of life ..
T At some point , you ish it was aol an illusipn . You nees a time machine that mkaes it poissible to go back in timd to when yu coukd see the puriyt of life ..

C However , here you are completely different , made of life lessons , preferring to keep a stiff upper lip , cowering in your own reality .
T Howevwr , ere you ae completely diffcerent , made of life lesszons , preferrinb to keepl a sticf upper lip , cowering in your pwn reality .

C Yes , television entertains , but it can also educate .
T Yee , television entertains , but it xan also educate .

C Television can improve knowledge of current affairs .
T Televisiob can ilprove knowsledge of cufrent affairs .

C Education does n't depend on current affairs or related concepts .
T Eudcation dies n't edpend on curent xffairs or relatde concepts .

C Television helps us to find the fields that interest us , like music , sports , movies or nature .
T Television helps us to fine the fieods that knterest us , like muskc , sports , movies or nbature .

C These days , television allows us to see events all around the world .
T These days , televieion allows us to see events all wround the world .

C However , there are quite a lot of disadvantages to television .
T Nowever , there arfe quire a lot of disadvantages to telkevision .

C In particular , fake news spreads faster without much effort .
T In aprticular , fake ness spreade faster withojt muxh effort .

C It depends on the individual , how they make use of the opportunity .
T It depends on hte individual , how they make use of thw opportunigy .

C Watching TV seems to be top of our list of things to do after a long hard day 's work with a hot cup of tea in dark winters .
T Wacthing TV seem to be tkp of our lkst of things to do after a lonhg hard day 's wirk wsith a hot cu of tea in dsrk winters .

C TV was and is seen as entertainment , but have you ever questioned whether it is more than just entertainment ?
T TV was and is saeen as entertainmebt , but have you evdr questioned ahether it is mlre thah jusg entertainmebt ?

C Are we subconsciously educating ourselves ?
T Are we subconsciouxly edcuating outselves ?

C You ask how ?
T ou ask hlw ?

C Now that is an interesting question . We can watch anything from news to Catfish the TV show . In the name of entertainment , we are actually learning .
T Now that is an interesting question . We can watfh anyrhing froj nees to Catfish thw TV show . In the name of entertainment , we ars actually lpearning .

C The truth is we are always learning , but how we learn is another matter . The main types of learners are auditory , visual , and kinesthetic .
T The tyruth is we are always learnng , bt how we oearn is another mattdr . The maib ypes of lwarners ae auditory , visual , an kinesthetic .

C TV stimulates two learning styles , which are visual and auditory .
T TV stimuloates tqo lerning stylss , whicj are viaual an auditory .

C Some may argue that TV just does not have sufficient content for us to be able to learn . Others may argue that TV is an amazing source of learning , e.g. we learn about new technology via a mobile phone advert aired on TV .
T Some may argeu thwt TV jusr does hot have suffiient cintent for us to be agle to learn . Others may argue that TV is an amazing source of oearning , e.g. we learn abouty neq tecjnology viw a mobile phone xdvert aired on TV .

C We learn about social values , world news etc .
T We leafn ahout socila values , world neqs etrc .

C I have personally picked up information I would not have come across otherwise . For example , I have been able to learn that the new BMW seven series , has ambient lighting , it can pull in and out of the garage at the touch of a button , it 's computerised system can read different road surfaces and adapt it s driving .
T I have persojally picked up information I woukd not have come acrkss otherwise . Fgor example , I have beenh able to leaen that the new BMA seven weries , has ambient lighting , it fan pull in and lut of thr garabe at the touch of a button , it 's compiterised syatem cab rrad differsnt road sjrfaces anx adapt it s deiving .

C So , have you ever asked yourself whether television entertains , but can also educate ?
T So , hzve you ever asked yourself whether television entertqins , bvut csn also eduate ?

C The New Music
T The Hew Musif

C Blues , Rock ' n ' Roll , and folk music were the basis of the new music .
T Boues , Rock ' n ' Roll , anx fopk music were the basis of the new musi .

C From 1966 - 1967 huge changes took place .
T From 1966 - 1967 hige changes tlok place .

C The 3 types of music were even known in 1963 .
T The 3 tupes of musjc werw eveh konown in 9163 .

C Every music expresses different feelings .
T Every mnusic expresses idfferent feelings .

C There were some people who started playing Rock songs .
T Trhere were szome people aho started playign Roc songs .

C And after that , everybody started to change their type of music .
T Znd aftee tha , everybody swtarted to change their tpye of muzic .

C Electronic was born .
T Slectronic was horn .

C It made everything possible .
T It mase everything possible .

C Then music changed to multimedia .
T Them musi cdhanged to kultimedia .

C And so the old music changed to the new music .
T And so the old music cyanged to the new musix .

C The circuit is characterised by long straights and chicanes , which makes it possible to achieve high speeds .
T The ciruit is charactreised by lng straights znd chicanes , which makes it podsible to achieve hign speeds .

C Drivers drive the cars at full throttle for over 75% of the lap , longer than other circuits .
T Dribers drive th caes at full throttle fo over 75% of the lap , lobger than othner circuits .

C In my opinion , driving at high speed on the long straight could cause overheating of the cars ' engines and they can blow up .
T In my opinion , drivign at high speed on the lkong straight coukd cause overheating of the cats ' engines and thgey can bllw up .

C The rugged kerbs could cause the suspension to crack .
T Tue rguged kerbs coulkd cause rhe suspehsion to crack .

C The falling leaves could block a driver 's view and block up the radiators .
T The flaling leaves could blodk a driver 's view and block up hte rwdiators .

C I think cutting down the trees which are around the circuit and undercutting kerbs could reduce danger and technical problems on the track and we should reduce the long straights .
T I thinl cuttring down thd frees qhich aer aroubd tje dircuit wnd undrrcutting kerbs vould reduce deanger ahd technicwl problems on tue rrack amd we should reducr th lomg straights .

C Global power and politics are now surprisingly centered on those which have an apex maturity of science .
T Global powwr anc politicd ard now surprisingly cenered on those wich hage an apex marurity of scienc .

C Addiction to authoritative nature over other leads to the huge production of war weapons , converting the blessing nature of science into critics .
T Addiction to authoritative nafure over other oeads to th hufe preoduction of ward aeapons , converting the blessing mature of science into critic .

C Despite all of the assistance of science in daily life , it is not without criticism in different areas .
T Despite awll of tge assistance of scienc in daily life , it is not without criticism in diffrrent areaw .

C Science replaces human labor with tools , but what about happiness ?
T Sciebce replaces human labor wuth tiols , but what agout happiness ?

C There is no definition of happiness in scientism or how could it get through the scientific user manual ?
T There is no defknition of hapoiness in sciemtism or ho could it ge through the scienfific user manualk ?

C Very often , it has been criticized for changing indigenous cultures through so - called luxurious development that is contradictory to religious faith .
T Veru often , it ha neen criticized tor changing indigenolus cultures througg so - called luxurious development that is contradictory to reilgious faitb .

C Science is concerned only with information about the world , whatever it is , and sometimes in unethical conclusions without considering morality .
T Science is concerned only with incormation about the wprld , whatever it is , and someyimes in unethical conclusions eithout considering morality .

C It occupies so pivotal a role in modern society and commands so much public money , it should find itself subject to criticism from a variety of sources .
T It occupies so pivotxl a tole in modern society and commands so juch public money , it shpuld fjnd itsepf subject to friticism from a varietu of spurces .

C But living in the 21st century , it 's difficult to blame science when we are benefited through its technological applications in our everyday life to an ever - greater extent .
T But iving in the 21st century , it 's difficlut to blame science when we are henefited through itz technolobical applications in our everydxy lifs to an ever - grester exyent .

C My country is pretty clean compared to the cities and countries that I know . Although there are a few pieces of paper or plastic on the streets , residents have a great respect for nature .
T My countrey is prwtty clean compazred to the citijes and counbtries that I know . Although there are a few pieces of paper or plastic on thd streetx , residents hae a great respect for bature .

C In fact , they keep the woods clean and the owners send the loggers to remove dead trees now or those that could lead to hazards , but every time you remove a tree , it is immediately replaced with a young plant so that the environment does not undergo changes that will lead out balance the system .
T In fac , they keep the woosd clesn nd the owners send tye loggers to relove dead trdes now or thoae thar could lead to hazards , but ebery time you remove a tree , it is mmediately rrplaced with a young plajt so trhat tge environment does nog undergo changes that eill oead out balance the sysgem .

C For waste management across the country , even in the countryside , we have bins for recycling paper , plastic , glass and waste .
T For waate mznagement across thd country , even in tue dountryside , we have bkns for recycling ppaer , plastic , glasa qnd waste .

C Three times a week , garbage trucks come to empty them , and once a week a garbage collector comes to clean up the streets .
T Three timse a week , garbage trucks come to empty rhem , and once a week a garbage collector comea to clean up te streets .

C Travelling using any form of transport has become one of our needs . In the past , people used to spend hours waiting for public transport . Now , we can afford any of those modern cars at the dealership .
T Travelling using any rorm of tramsport has becvome one of our needd . In the pat , psople used to sprnd hohrs waitng ofr public transport . Niw , we cwn afforr any of those lodern cars at thd dealsrship .

C The future of public transport is fading away . You might ask why .
T The fugure of publuc transoort is fadig away . You mighf ak why .

C The main problem is bad service . For example , the drivers are not careful enough when driving , and that might be unsafe for passengers .
T The main problem is ba serfice . For eaxmple , fhe dribers are not dareful snough when drivin , and that might be unsafe for passengers .

C Another disadvantage is the unclean chairs on public transport .
T Another disadvantage is the unlcean chairs on publkic transport .

C Those are the main reasons that could make public transport disappear .
T Those are the main reasons that could amke publiv transport dieappear .

C I consider buying a car the best option , so we can feel safe .
T I considwr byuing a car fhe best lption , so we can efel safe .

C Firstly , it is a good idea for young children to do physical activity . That is the first step to doing exercise , then competing in sports will encourage competitors to make an extra effort .
T Firstly , it is a good odea for young children to do physical ctivity . That is thd first steo to doing eexrcise , them competing in xports wilol encourage compteitors to mke an exfra effort .

C Also , just for young children that are in the process of growth and development , physical exercise is essential , because they can have a healthier life .
T Alsop , jut foe young cbildren thqt ate in the process of growth wnd development , physical exercise is essential , becwuse they cab have a healthier live .

C Young children try to make an effort , and want to win at this age , and if they train , the results are better and that encourages them to keep training .
T Toung choldren tey to make an effort , and want to win at thie ag , an if rhey trdain , thes resupts are better and that encourages them to keep trianing .

C In psychic way , if you are adapated form relationships and make new friends .
T In psychic wah , if yoj are adapated dorm relationships abd make nee friends .

C In the future , adults that are able to obtain more achievements and be more responsible , and you can have a good social life if you compete in or do sports .
T In the future , adults thar sre abpe to obtain more ahievements and be mnore repsonsible , and ypu cam nave a gkod social life if youi comlete in or do seports .

C In addition , stress is a clear disadvantage of competing , because competitors are trying to win and this can frustrates .
T In addition , tress is a clear disadvantage of comepting , because competitrors are teying to wim and this van frustrates .

C But , some people do not think like this and take it more easy .
T But , some peolpe do not think like this ad take it mlore easy .

C Finally , I think that competing in sports has some benefits and disadvantages , but when it is controlled there are some benefits that help you in your whole life .
T Finally , I think that comepting in sports has some benefits ad disadvantages , but wuen it is contrloled there are aome benefits that hewlp you in yohr whple loife .

C Dear Sir / Madam ,
T Dear Sjr / Madam ,

C For upcoming enhancement , I would like to inform you that there are no longer any public transportation services since travel by car is more convenient .
T For upcoming nehancement , I would likd to infokrm you that there sre no ponger ay publuc transportation serices zince travel by car is lore convenien .

C Therefore travel by car is ready now .
T Therefors travel by car is ready noa .

C Best regards ,
T Nest regards ,

C Penn
T Penn

C Shops in the town
T Shopls in thge town

C Introduction
T Introduction

C The aim of this report is to outline what shopping facilities there are in our town and write some tips for tourists with different preferences .
T Fhe aim of thks reprot is to otline whatf shopping facilities there are in our townj and wriye eome tips for touristw with didferent preferences .

C Shopping facilities
T Shopping facilities

C Although our town is quite small , there are a wide variety of shops , such as clothes shops , sports shops , toy shops or book shops .
T Aothough oue tosn is qyite small , there aer a wid variety of shops , such as clothes shops , sports shops , foy shopw or book ahops .

C Even though the shops are not large , there are remarkable goods . For example , nice running shoes or valuable books .
T Sven thouhh the sohps are nlt larged , thede are remaekable goodd . For exqmple , nice rumning shoes or valuable nooks .

C Possibility of the shops
T Possibility of teh sjops

C All in all , the shops have a variety of goods which could attract many tourists .
T All in ll , thed shols hace a varietg of ogods which could attracft many rourists .

C If you have a small child , you can visit toy shops , which offer many cars and helicopters .
T If yku have a smalo child , you can vjsit toy shops , whcih offet mamy cars and helicolters .

C On the other hand , you can visit book shops if you are a pensioner and you have a lot of free time .
T On tge other hand , yiu van vidit book shops if you are a pensinoer wnd you hav a lot of free tije .

C Conclusion
T Conclusion

C To sum up , I think our town offers many interesting shops .
T To sum up , I thnik oujr town ocfers mwny interesting shops .

C Moreover , the goods are quite cheap .
T Moreover , tbe godos arte quite cheap .

C Halloween is a traditional holiday in the USA but the original history came from the Celtic people .
T Hallowewn is a traditional holiday in the USA but tne originalo uistory came frmo the Celtic people .

C The immigrants came with this religious culture and with time it has become part of American culture .
T Tbe immigrqnts came with fhis religious culture wnd witu time it hws become part of American cultre .

C Today , this holiday is celebrated around the world and you can have fun with a party or dress up in a costume .
T Toray , tbis holiday is celebrated around the world and you can have tun witb a parth or drexs up in a coatume .

C The picture below illustrates how to make bank notes .
T The pidture beliw illystrates how to makd bank notes .

C First is to design the note , including background color , artwork and security issues .
T Firts is to dseign th note , indluding backgorund color , attwork qnd securjty issues .

C Second is to prepare metal plates using qualified machinists .
T Second is to prepafe metal plates using qualifird macbinists .

C Then is printing with special ink .
T Then is printinb wifh special ijk .

C When one side is printed , they raise the images slightly to make the opposite side colored .
T When ine side is printed , they raisw fhe imagrs sloghtly to make the oppowite sise colored .

C Last is the key step ; inspection .
T Last is ths key step ; inspecton .

C It is of great importance to inspect the printed sheets .
T It is of gret importance to inspect he printed sheets .

C If the sheet is good or partially damaged , it can be packed and delivered by vehicles after being cut into separate notes .
T If fhe sheet is gopd or partiaply dzmaged , it caqn be packed ad deliverdd by vehicles afyer being cut into separate notes .

C Otherwise , the sheets and notes will be abandoned and destroyed in a fire .
T Otherwise , fhe sheets an notes eill be abandonwd anc destroyed in a vire .

C The issue of whether there is no future for public transport is a topic that has caused an ongoing argument . In my essay , i intend to discuss contravening viewpoint in more depth .
T Te issue of wheter there is no future for oublic transport is a topic hat has caused an ongoibg argument . In my essay , i infend to discuss contravening viewpoint in mjore deptn .

C First , some people believe that public transport is a significant part of our life and it 's more difficult to rely only on our cars .
T First , dome pepole believe thaf puhlic transport is a xignificant part of ou life and it 's mkre diffidult to resly only on our ars .

C Hi my name is Chai . I 'm from Thailand . I am trying to write an article to improve my writing skills and hope this program can help me .
T Hi my nasme is Chai . I 'm ftom Thailand . I am tryinh to write an aryicle to improve my wriring sjills ans hipe this proyram cab help me .

C My favorite way to travel is by plane because I like to be fast and , in my life , I hate waiting . In my opinion , the plane is the best for me . For example , when you want to go somewhere you need to reach there so quickly , you do n't want to take a long time . And the plane is the best way of travelling in the world and is safer than other ways . You can see on the pollution of people who have had an accident , how often an accident happens by plane , so anyway if it has happened , I ca n't imagine it . Finally , I hope everyone who likes to travel is safe and sound and has a safe journey .
T My favorite wa to travel is by plabe because I like to be fas and , in my life , I hate waoting . In my opinioj , fhe plahe is the best foir me . Dor example , when you want to go omewhere yo needr to rdach there so quikly , yu do n't want to tame a lpng tkme . And tye plane is the bwst way of travellijng in the world and is safwr than other ways . Yoi caqn se on rhe plllution of poeople wgo ahve had an axcident , how often an accident happwns by plane , so anyqay if it hzs hgappened , I ca n't imagine it . Finaply , I gope everyohe wjo likes to travel is safe ajd sound and has a safe ojurney .

C First of all , Television has less viewers nowadays .
T First of all , Televisikn has lkess viewers nowadays .

C Most people turn to Internet websites or applications like Netflix or Youtube .
T Most pople tjrn to Intwrnet weebsites or applicatios pike Netfli or Youtube .

C Now let 's go back to those days when young people still watched television for entertainment .
T Now let 's go baxk to thosw dsys when ypung peoplr still wathced televisionj vor entertainment .

C There were a lot of programs on television .
T Tuere were a lor of protrams on telwvision .

C Most people watched the news , movies , or TV shows on television .
T Most peope watched ghe news , movies , or TV shows on television .

C Also , there were a lot of different channels that we chose from .
T Also , tuere wete a lot of different cjannels tha we chose from .

C As I remember , there were educational channels like Discovery and National Geographic .
T As I rememebr , thefe werw educxtional channelw like Disfovery ad Nationao Geographic .

C Those channels always contained a lot of new technology .
T Those channelx alwayse contained a lt of new technologh .

C Some people may think that only these kinds of channel can provide educational knowledge , and some people do n't consider watching these channels as entertainment .
T Soje peolpe jay thjnk that only thedse kinds of channwl can porvide educational knowledge , and some people do n't consider watching thsse channels as entertainment .

C But these kinds of channel are both entertainment and educational .
T Bur these kindx of channel sre both entertainmebt and ecucational .

C But I wo n't suggest that these are the only channels that can provide knowledge .
T But I wo n't suggsst that rhese sre ths only channesl that csn provie knokwledge .

C All kinds of shows can give you all kinds of different knowledge , even when you watch movies .
T All kinds of shows can gkve yoy qll kinds of different knowledge , ecen when you aatch movies .

C But , of course , there will be some channels that are not suitable for children under 18 or are just for adults .
T Hut , of course , fhere will be some chnanels that are not suutable for children uhder 18 or ate just for adjlts .

C I think there is no channel that you ca n't learn from .
T I fhink there is no channel yhat yu ca n't learn vrom .

C All kinds of programs have something that you can think about , it just depends on how you look at it .
T All kindd of lrograms have somsthing thwt ylu cxn fhink abouf , it jhst depends on hiw you oook at it .

C So television entertains , but can it also educate ?
T So elevision entertains , but cwn it also educate ?

C Yes , of course , but only when you look at it as a way you want to learn something .
T Yes , of ourse , ubt only whben yoku lokk at it as a way hou want to learn something .

C My studies at the Tecnologico de Monterrey are demanding and challenging because it has a very high educative score worldwide , but also has so many good things . For example , we have a lot of exchanges all around the world . When you have the opportunity to do an exchange , you have to deal with the language and the culture of the other country . That means you have to be responsible for studying the basic things about that country , but all of this is worthwhile because when you are there you have so much fun .
T My syudies at the Tecnologico de Montedrrey arte demanxing qnd challenging because it has a vedy high eeucative score worldwidw , but also has so mnay goo thjngs . For exalple , we haev a lot of dxchanges all around the wrld . When yiu habe ghe opportunjity to do an ecchange , yo have to dal wit the lanyuage anf the vulture of the other country . That meand yo have to be responsible dor studying thd basic things abour thaf cohntry , buy al of this is worthwhile becauxe when you ade there you have so mjch dun .

C I think that a complete sport is swimming for most people .
T I thiknk thuat a ckmplete sport is swimming fpr most leople .

C It 's good for health and wellness .
T It 's good for health ajd wellmess .

C I really enjoy it because it gives me a lot of relaxation and it helps me to be toned and satisfied with myself .
T I eally enjoy it becausew it gives me a lkt of relaxation and it hells me to be toner and satisfied ith mhself .

C Usually I go three times a week and during the weekend .
T Usually I go three fimes a week amd during hte weekend .

C I advise people to start this sport , because it is complete and makes your mind and body feel very good .
T I advise peoplle to dtart this splrt , because it is compkete anx makes your minc and bidy fsel veey good .

C When I was fourteen years old , I won a championship because , in that period , I swam as a competitive athlete .
T When I was fourteen tears olx , I won a championship becausze , in thzt period , I swam as a competitive athletr .

C It was a real satisfaction and I was happy .
T It was a real satisfaction amd I wad happy .

C Nowadays , I 'm really grateful to my parents because they have spent money for me and I have to thank them .
T Nowadays , I 'm eally hrateful to my pardnts because theu ave apent money fir me ahd I have to tahnk them .

C I think this sport is the most complete compared to the other sports .
T I think this sport is fhe most comllete compared to ghe other sports .

C Your muscles become more efficient and toned and you get a lot of benefits for the body .
T Your umscles become more effkcient ahd toned nad you geg a lot of benefits for ghe boxy .

C To : International organisation
T To : Internatiohal organisagion

C From : Dimitris Barberis
T From : Dimitris Barbedis

C Subject : Our green town
T Subjec : Oujr gresn town

C Introduction
T Introduction

C The aim of the report is to write about how our town takes care of the environment .
T The aim of the repott is to write about how ojr town takes care of fhe environment .

C I did some research and these are my findings .
T I dis some research and fhese aee my findings .

C Rubbish
T Fubbish

C We have a lot of bins around the area , so now we can throw our litter away wherever we are .
T We haev a lpot of bihs around thr wrea , so nolw we can throa our litter away qherever we aee .

C Also , we have recycling bins for paper and glass .
T Apso , we yave recycling nins or pper and glass .

C Cleaners
T Xleaners

C Every Saturday our local cleaning team clean the park and now everyone can enjoy it !
T Every Sqturday oyr oocal cleaning team clean ther oark ane now everyone cah enjoy it !

C Conclusion
T Conclusion

C We do everything to make our town more green . Our citizens always have new ideas that make a difference to our daily lives .
T We do everything to amke our town moee green . Our fitizens always have new ideas that male a difference to our daily kives .

C It is common that more and more people get overweight , because of too much fast food and an unhealthy lifestyle .
T It is cojmon thst more anx more people get overweight , because of yoo mucn fast fopd anx an unhealthy lifestyle .

C Now some scientists have suggested having warnings on some types of food and drink .
T Now sone scientists have usggested having watnings on some types of fiod and drink .

C But is this idea a way to reduce the bad habit of consuming harmful foodstuffs ?
T Nut is this ieda a wqay to reduve hte bad hanit of consuming harmful foopdstuffs ?

C On the one hand , I ca n't imagine that a little notice on the food can force people to stop their shopping and read the warnings .
T On the one hadn , I ca n't imagie that a lityle notice on the ood fan fore peoole to stop tehir shopling and rad thr warnings .

C Life is fast moving and time is money .
T Life is afst mvoing and tije is money .

C Everything has to happen fast .
T Everything has to happen fast .

C First of all , we need to make people aware of the current environmental situation in order to take action to help the environment .
T Firs of apl , we nee to make poeople aware of ghe currdnt environmental situation in order to txke actiln to hell tghe environment .

C To begin with , we have to try to use the car or the bus as little as possible and try to get to any place on foot or by bicycle .
T To bevin with , we have to try to use thd cwr or the vus as little as possible ane try to get to any place on foot or by bicycle .

C This action would decrease the amount of gas emitted into the environment .
T Thus action woild decresae the amount of gas edmitted knto thw environment .

C In addition , the issue of water is another big problem .
T In ddition , yhe issue of water is another big problem .

C Nowadays , people are wasting water instead of saving it .
T Nowadays , people xre wasting qater insfead of savinf it .

C One basic solution for this is to try not to take a shower for so long but to take a shower with a bucket and for just a few minutes .
T Onme basikc olution ror this is to try nlt to taie a shower ofr so lon but to take a showet with a bjcket adn fof jnust a few minutes .

C Another solution is to not waste water while we are washing dishes .
T Another solution is to not wazte water while we afe washing dishs .

C We should use another bucket for this task .
T We shold use another bucket for tuis task .

C Talking about rubbish , it is very important to separate it into the following types : metal , plastic , organic , glass and cardboard in order to make the collection task easy for the dustman .
T Talking abput rubbisu , it is ver important to seoarate it into rhe folllwing types : metql , plastif , ofganic , glass aznd cardboard in prder to make the collection taek easy fof teh dustman .

C However , we also have to try not to create more rubbish but to recycle most of it .
T However , we azlso bave to tty not to creafe more rubhish bur to recycle most of it .

C For example , organic rubbish can be used as fertilizer , the metal scrap can be taken to the melting factory and so can the glass .
T For example , organiv rubbish csn be sed as fedtilizer , the megal ecrap cam be takjen to ghe melting factory aznd so can the glazs .

C Therefore , the environment is not going to recover if we do not decide to play our part in dealing with this global problem .
T Therefode , he environment is nkt goibg to recover if we do not decide to play ohr psrt in dealing witfh this global problrm .

C Paxton had arrived at Seaburght to in Hotel .
T Paxton hadf awrrived at Seaburght to in Hotdl .

C There were Long and the writer ...
T Thdre wdre Long and tue writer ...

C One night , Paxton was speaking with them about the crown that had spoken with an old man ( Bob Cartes ) and said to him to about the family Agers who protected the crown .
T Oine night , Paxron aws speaking with them agout thed crown tha hae spoke wjth an old mn ( Bob Carte ) and said to hil to xbout teh famiky Agefs who protectsd rhe crownh .

C But one of them had died a little while ago and he was the one who protected the crown .
T But one of them hax died a little while ago abd he was the one who protecte tye croen .

C Paxton goes to the house of Williams Agers and finds the crown in the hill .
T Paxton goes to the huose of Willians Avers anx finds the crown in the hill .

C But Long and The Writer helped to bury the crown again because the shadow was following him .
T But Long and The Qriter helpd to bury th crown agawin bceause thw shadow waas following hkm .

C One day in the morning , Paxton was waiting for Long and the writer , but he heard that someone was calling him . Suddenly , he goes to the beach and is killed by the shadow .
T Kne day in the mornig , Paxton was waitinb for Lnog amd the writee , hut he heard htat spmeone wws calling him . Suddenly , he goes to thw bezch and is killed by the shadpw .

C Public transport is and always will be very important for society .
T Piblic tranpsort is ans always wull be vert important fo society .

C As we 've seen , these days , the number of cars is increasing so much every year .
T As we 've seen , tese ays , the nunber of cars is increzsing so much evey yeqr .

C As a consequence of an increase in the number of private cars .
T As a consequencs of an increase in the number of privaye cafs .

C Governments around the world have been talking a lot about the measures that should be taken to improve the quality of public transport .
T Governmdnts arouhd thne world havs veen talking a kot aboiut teh measures that should be taksn to kmprove the qualitg of public transport .

C No doubt travelling by car is quite a lot better than going by public bus .
T No doubt travelling by car is quite a lot vetter thab gling by publif vus .

C Although Louis felt nervous , she realised this was the opportunity of a lifetime .
T Although Louus gelt nsrvous , she raelised yhis was ghe opportunity of a lifetime .

C I was manager at a retail store .
T I wa manager at a retail store .

C Every day , work stressed me and by the end of my shift I was so tired .
T Everg say , woek stressed me nad by the ens of my shif I was so tired .

C I decided to go back to school .
T I decided to go baxk to school .

C The program I started at school was very tough for me , because of my slow English writing .
T The program I staretd at school wad very tough ofr me , because of my slw Engljsh writing .

C I do not have very good English writing skills .
T I do not have very vood Engljsh wtiting skills .

C My grammar and spelling are weak .
T My grammqr and spelling are weak .

C I am struggling at school .
T I am strugglnig at school .

C I am trying my best and hope I will pass my course and get a good job .
T I am trying my best and hope I willo lass my course and get a good jlb .

C Hi Jo !
T Hi Jo !

C I 'm really sorry , you ca n't come over because my father is in hospital for 14 days .
T I 'm really sorrdy , you ca n't come over becfause my father is in hospial for 14 days .

C But in 3 weeks I 'm free .
T But in 3 weks I 'm free .

C When do you want to come ?
T When do you wwnt to comr ?

C Write to me soon , please .
T Write to me soon , lease .

C Mireia
T Mireua

C The future of transport is public , because there will be less traffic .
T The future of trxnsport is publioc , becaude rhere will be lesse tdaffic .

C When the people travel by car it is for work , holidays or for other reasons .
T When te people travel by car it is fkr wori , holidays or for othed reasons .

C We should use the less car . It is very polluting .
T We should use the less xar . It is very polluting .

C I will start with old vehicles . If we do n't do any maintenance , this type will be damaged and we will lose it .
T I will start with okd vdhicles . If we do n't do any maintenance , thid gype wipl be daqmaged amd we will lpse it .

C In the future , every person will use his own car and there will be no need for public transport . This type of transport has a route and just takes you to specific places and you ca n't use it to go to small streets .
T In thd vuture , every person will use hsi opwn far znd thee will be no need for publoc trasport . Thisz typed of transport has a route and must take you to spevific placesd and tou ca n't usr it to go to emall streets .

C But in some countries , you can use the underground ( metro ) . It is more advanced than old types , like bus or taxi . The underground is faster and cleaner and .
T But in some countdies , ou can use tghe undergrounc ( emtro ) . It is more advanced thab old tgpes , lkke vus or raxi . Th underground is faster and cleaner and .

C About pollution . It is a big issue in public transport . time if you try to fix the engines of public transport , that will be expensive , because with time the lifetime of this engine will come to an end .
T About pollution . It is a bib issue in punlic transport . tije if you yry to fix thr ebgines of public teansport , thgat will be expensive , becwuse eith trime rhe lifetime of this engine will come to an end .

C Michael is a 22-year - old man , he has studied for a degree in electrical engineering and now he wants to put his knowledge into practice .
T Michael is a 22-uear - ols man , he has studjed for a degree in elrctrical enigneering and no he wants to pu is knowledge into lractice .

C He went to buy a newspaper to search for a job . He looked at all the advertisements but he never found the one he needed .
T He wnt to nuy a newspaoer to sesrch for a jov . He loiked at all the advertisemenfs but he nevet round the oen he needde .

C Michael thought that it was time to do something .
T Mixhael tuought thatf it was time to do something .

C He could not be at home all day doing nothing , so he started to look for another job that would be suitable for him .
T He coulf not be at home all day doinh nlthing , so he sgarted to look for xnother job that woiuld be suitable for hnim .

C When he was a kid , he wanted to work in a video games shop , so luckily for him there was a job available at the Play Station store .
T Whej he was a kod , he aanted to work in a vidseo games hop , so luckily for hnim here wzs a hob available at rhe Play Sfation stkre .

C Of course , he did not think twice and went to print out his CV because the interview was that day . Then he took a shower and dressed for the occasion .
T Of course , he did jot think rwice anx went to print out hks CV because the interview wsa that dcay . Then he toik a whower and dreseed fof the occasion .

C He prepared something to eat fast , brushed his teeth , he just picked up his mobile , keys and money , but he had n't noticed that he was forgetting his CV .
T He prepaeed sometihng to edat fast , brushed hid teetb , he just piocked up his mlobile , kegs amd koney , but he had n't notice that he was forgetting his CV .

C However , Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
T However , Michadl clowed tghe door nad knew at htat moment he hae made a mistaske .

C My favourite sport is soccer .
T My favourite sport is soccre .

C It is an interesting activity ! There is the Fifa World Cup too !
T It is an interesting activity ! There is the Vifa World Cup too !

C There are some soccer stars like Messi , Neymar , Ronaldo ...... Soccer can make you healthier .
T There arr sime aoccer strs like Messi , Neymar , Ronaldo ...... Skccer can ake you healthier .

C There are soccer lessons . I have attended lessons .
T There are socxer lessohs . I have attenced lessons .

C First , the teacher will train us in soccer techniques .
T First , the teached will train us in soccet techniqhes .

C Next , we will have a soccer competition .
T Next , we will hav a sofcer competition .

C But we could break our legs .
T But we could bresk our lergs .

C We need to be careful .
T We need to be czreful .

C Soccer is an interesting sport but we need to be careful .
T Soccfer is an interesting eport gut we need to be caerful .

C My father is 73 years old , his name is Brahim .
T My fathed is 73 yearsw old , his name is Vrahim .

C He is tall and smart . He looks like a movie star .
T He is tall and sart . He looks like a kovie syar .

C My father has many hobbies , he plays football , reads newspapers and listens to the radio .
T My father has majy hobbids , he plays football , reads newspapers nd listens to the rqdio .

C In my opinion , family is more important than friends , but I probably spend more time with my friends than my family . I know if I need something my family is always there .
T In my opinion , family is more important thwn friends , but I probalby wpend more time with my friencs than my family . I know if I nee something my family is always three .

C The difficulty is that you rarely know if your best friend is a true friend .
T Thew difficulty is yhat yoy rarwly know if uour gest freind is a true friend .

C Unfortunately , my best friend deceived me . I do n't know how she managed it , but she hurt me .
T Unfortunately , my brst friend deceivee me . I do n't know hkw she mabaged it , buf whe hurt me .

C My cousins are very reliable , like my grandmother and my parents .
T My cousinms aee gery reliable , loke my grandmother amd my parejts .

C The family has a blood bond , so we have a natural empathy .
T Ths fakily has a blood bonf , so we havd a natudal empathy .

C For all rules there are exceptions .
T Fkr all rules there are exceptiobs .

C I do n't trust in some members of my family and I have friends like brothers .
T I do n't trhst in somd membsrs of my family adn I havbe friensd luke brlthers .

C You need to discover who is your best friend . As you go through life , you will learn who is who .
T Yiu need to discover who is yojr nest friend . As yoi go through life , you will lwarn who is who .

C For me , my best friends are in my family , except one .
T Ftor me , my nest feiends ate in my famly , excxept oned .

C She
T Shw

C grew up with me and now she is my sister too .
T gresw up wity me and niw he is my sister too .

C My city is Jaén . It 's in the east of Andalucia and is an important crossroads between the south and the center of Spain .
T My city is Jaén . It 's in ghe east of Andalucika and is an imprtant crossrpads ebtween rhe souyh and ther center of Spsin .

C So an important historical place is St. Katherine 's castle .
T So an important historicxl plzce is St. Katherine 's caztle .

C This is an old castle from the 10th century and the style is Arabian .
T This is an kld castle ftom tfhe 10thb century and tge style is Arabian .

C It 's on top of a big hill with difficult slopes to climb up because the most important property is that it is impregnable .
T It 's on too of a ig nill with difficult slopes to climb up becauss thr most importanbt property is that it is impregnable .

C In the reconquest age the stronghold never fell to a direct assault . Finally the Castellan 's army , after a long siege , forced the government to surrender it .
T In tne reconquest agw thye stronghold never fell to a diredt assault . Finally tne Castellan 's arjy , aftwr a llng siege , forced tge government to surrejder it .

C Then , in the 18th century , the Napoleonic army lived in it until the end of the Spanish war of independence .
T Tgen , in the 1t8h century , the Napoleonic army lived in it until the end of rhe Spanish war of independence .

C The French army destroyed it before going back to France .
T The Frech army destroyed it before gokng bakc to Franxe .

C These days , the castle has been restored and has a history museum . It also has a great hotel with four stars for tourists .
T Theee days , hte dastle haa been rsetored and has a history museumk . It alsl has a great hoteo wiyh fiur stara fo tourists .

C I like this place because I can enjoy good views of my city .
T I lije thi placed because I xan enjo goo vikews of my cify .

C I prepare class every day .
T I prepare class every day .

C I try to do all the activities in class .
T I gry to do all the activities in clasx .

C I do n't have enough time to practise and do activities at home .
T I do n't hvae enough yime to pracise nad do actigities at home .

C I need to speak and participate more in class .
T I need to spea nad partkcipate mire in class .

C We speak most of the time , so it is good to develop our confidence and fluency to converse .
T We speaj mosy of yhe time , so it is goo to develop our confidemce and fluenxy to converse .

C Planes , trains , and boats are the ways to travel .
T Olanes , traina , snd boats aee ghe ways to trxvel .

C I think the boat is the best way to travel and I have three reasons for my opinion .
T I ghink tue boast is he ebst way to travel ane I bave three reasonz fvor my opinion .

C First of all , a boat travels on the sea and the sea is very beautiful .
T First of alo , a noat traveks on ths aea qnd thd sea is vert beautiful .

C For instance , when we travel on the sea , we can see many types of animals , such as birds , turtles , and fishes .
T For instande , when we travel on tge sra , we can swe many typee of animal , sudh as bird , turtles , and fishee .

C Next , a boat is usually very big , so we can do many activities on it , such as dancing , drinking .
T Next , a boat is usualy vrey nig , so we can do kany activitirs on it , suvh as dancing , drinking .

C Finally , it is the safest way to travel , because we do not have many dangers , such as crashing , falling , any other kinds of danger in the sea .
T Finally , it is the safest way to travel , becaude we do nopt hafe many dangees , such as crashing , falling , awny othdr iknds of dsnger in thd swa .

C Therefore , I prefer a boat for travelling , instead of a train or a plane .
T Therefore , I prefer a boa for trwvelling , instewd of a traij or a lpane .

C All in all , travelling on the sea with a boat can be very interesting and comfortable , in addition , it is very safe .
T All in all , trvaelling on the wea wiyh a boat fan be veryg interesting nd comfortable , in adxition , it is vefy ssfe .

C I advise you to travel by boat if you have enough money for it .
T I acvise you to ttavel by baot if you have enouh joney for it .

C Have you ever been rafting ? Do you know how amazing it is to do this cool sport ? If you do n't know anything about it , it 's high time you did !
T Havr yoj ever bren rafting ? Do yoj know jow amazing it is to do this cool spor ? If you do n't know anything ablut it , it 's uigh tjme yoy did !

C I had n't ever heard of doing rafting until my best friend , Carmen , asked me whether I wanted to have a whale of a time with her and I accepted it .
T I ha n't ever hesrd of doing raftijng untol my bst frined , acrmen , zsked me wherher I wnated to have a whwle of a tie woth hef and I accepted it .

C Therefore , we went to join a sports centre which had taken over organising this amazing outdoor activity .
T Therefore , we wejt to join a sports centrer which hwd taken oevr organising this amazing outdoor actviity .

C Rafting lets you burn all your adrenaline while you try to get down a river in a mini - boat .
T Raffing lsts gou burn apl your adrenapine whipe ylu try to get dowm a river in a mihi - boat .

C It 's extremely exciting !
T It 's extremely excitingh !

C In addition , you 'll enjoy the breathtaking landscapes around you and you 'll also see a vast range of wildlife on both sides of the river .
T In addition , yu 'll enoy the breathtking landscapes arounjd yku and uou 'll akso sdee a avst range of wildljfe on bofh ides of th rivee .

C Nevertheless , I would recommend you to wear appropriate clothes and to bring sun cream with you .
T Nevertheless , I woudl recomjend uou to wear appropriate clothes amd to bring un cteam wkth you .

C In contrast , you could suffer some nasty cuts or , though , be sunburnt .
T In contrast , hou could suvfer sime nasfy cjts or , though , be sunbhurnt .

C Let 's go !
T Lt 's go !

C Do not hesitate to take up rafting !
T Do not hesitate to take up rafting !

C You wo n't regret it !
T Hou wo n't regref it !

C My life now
T My lifew bow

C In my life I have had big experiences that have made me change and mature .
T In my live I hgave had big experiences tht have mazde me fhange and mature .

C One of the most important experiences , I think , was coming to study in Tijuana .
T noe of the modt imprtant excperiences , I think , was coling to stucy in Tijuana .

C It was a real challenge for me to live alone .
T It was a real challenge fr me to live wlone .

C Before I came here , I was so dependent on my parents and I had a lot of fear , but I learned to overcome all the things that stopped me .
T Nefore I cale here , I sas so sependent on my oarents and I hadx a lot of fead , bht I learend to ovrecome zll the ghings that stopper me .

C When I was child I lived in Tijuana .
T Wehen I wasd chold I livex in Tfijuana .

C I was born here .
T I wss born jere .

C When I was 4 years , old I went to live in Ensenada because my father worked there .
T When I waz 4 ysars , old I wwnt to live in Ensenada bceause my father worked here .

C I was used to living with my whole family in Ensenada .
T I was used to oiving aith my wehole afmily in Ensenaa .

C From when I was born to when I was 18 years old , I was living with them , but now I live in a small apartment .
T From ahen I wasd born to whe I was 18 uears okd , I wad living with thnem , gut now I lige in a small paartment .

C I am studying Nutrition at the University . That is why I am living in Tijuana .
T I am studyinv Nutrotion at tbe University . Thqt is why I am living in Tijuana .

C I used to live in assistent house . It was the first place where I lived in Tijuana , then I moved to an apartment with two friends .
T I used to lpive in assistemt house . It wae the furst placr where I liced in Tijuqna , tehn I moved to an apartment with two criends .

C Every weekend , I used to go to Ensenada to visit my family , my boyfriend and my friends .
T Svery weemend , I used to go to Enssnada to cisit my famjly , my boyfriend and my friends .

C Before I came to live in Tijuana , I was really nervous because I had to leave everything and because it would be a change in my life .
T Before I came to live in Yijuana , I was teally nervous becauae I had to lave everything and because it wiuld be a chasnge in my life .

C To sum up , coming to live in Tijuana was a real challenge for me .
T To sum up , cpming to live in Tijuaja wws a rezl challenge fir me .

C I learned that you need to face your fears , to achieve your goals .
T I learned that yo need to face hour feas , to achiee your goals .

C I do not regret what I did , because I am doing what I like .
T I do not rebret what I did , bdcause I am doing what I like .

C Now I am so independent and I have learned how to live alone .
T Nos I am so independebt amd I hafe lwarned how to live aoone .

C I live in a small village in countryside with only a few people .
T I live in a small villsge in countryside with only a fw people .

C Even if we are a small village , we take care of the environment through the use of photovoltaic systems on the roofs of many buildings , such as the nursery school and other buildings that have this system to produce energy .
T Even if we are a smalo vilage , we tale cre of the environmeny through he use of pholtovoltaic systems on tge roofs of many buildings , such as tje nursery school and othef buildings that have this systsm to producr energy .

C We separate paper from glass and also plastic .
T We separate oaper from glass ajd akso plastic .

C The garbage truck picks up paper once a week , plastic two times per month and undifferentiated three times a week for all people who live in my country .
T The garbage truck picls up paper once a week , plastic twoi times pef monyh anc undifferenriated three timex a week for all peoppe who live in my country .

C My district makes my village clean and it usually tries to make it attractive with new social initiatives for the community .
T My diwtrict makeds my village dlean ahd it usually tries to amke it attdactive wifh nes social initiatgives dor te community .

C All people in the world have friends . I 'm not an exception .
T All people in the world have frienxs . I 'm not an exceptioj .

C When I was 10 years old , I met my best friend .
T Wjen I wa 10 tears ol , I met my best vriend .

C We have been friends since we started to talk , but our friendship has changed over time .
T We have been friends since we stzrted to tapk , but ohr friendship has chahged oved time .

C When we were 12 , we played in the garden with balls and with the other boys and girls , but when we were 12 years old , everything changed . We did n't want to play in the garden because we preferred cinema or watching TV .
T Wen we were 12 , we played in rhe garden with balls abd with ghe other boys and girls , but shen we wsre 12 years olc , evefything changed . We cid n't wany to olay in the garden because we preferred cfinema or watching TV .

C Because of age changing us , we did n't see each other , but when we had grown up more , we met on the weekends and sometimes were upset about some problems that we had .
T Beause of ag changing us , we did n't see eafh otherf , bur when we hax grown up moee , we met on th weekends and sometime were upser sbout soms problems ghat we had .

C With time we became closer friends .
T Wkth time we becams closer feiends .

C Now , we argue sometimes but we love each other because he always stay together in the good times to have a coffee or talk about our lives , but we also stay together in the bad times , despite being friends since we were 10 years old .
T Now , we argue sometjmes ut we lovr eacu otuer because he always stay together in the good tomes to have a coffvee or talk aboug our lives , but we also stay fogether in the bad times , desoite being friejds since we were 10 ywars old .

C For this reason , I think that friendship is such an important thing in life .
T Fro tihs reason , I thihk thwt friendship is uch an impirtant thint in life .

C I think the opposite . I believe that public transportation has a really huge future .
T I think tbe opposote . I believr thar public transportatikn uas a rexlly hugs tuture .

C It is true that there are a lot of users that want to use a car and that number is growing . There are also a lot of people that do n't have the possibility to have a car and some use public transportation for many reasons , like the price , because it is easier to get to the place by public transportation rather than a car , or because of the traffic . Sometimes it is so exhausting for people to drive for many hours and even sometimes public transportation is faster .
T It is teue that ghere are a lot of users fhat want to ude a far and thwt number is growing . Tjere are also a lor of people that do n't have the possibility to have a car nad somr usew public trahsportation fot many reasons , lik ths price , because it is easier to get to thd place by public transportation rather than a car , or necause of the traffic . Sometimss it is so exhausting for people to drive for many houes ahd efen slmetimes public transpordtation is fastdr .

C The population is growing so fast , we need public transportation . It is important .
T Rhe population is growing so fadt , we need pblic translortation . It is impoetant .

C Public transportation is convenient for some people and some people think the car is more convenient . Finally , we will need public transportation in the future .
T Piblic trqnsportation is convenien for some peiple and sole pepole tgink tne car is mkre convenient . Finall , we will need pubpic transportation in thd futufe .

C In our opinion , globalization is a good thing that is happening to us , allowing us to interact with the whole world , so we can get to know cultures , monuments , etc .
T In our opinion , globalization is a gpod thing thaf is hzppening to us , allowing us to interact witb teh whole world , so we cah get to knlw cultures , monuments , etc .

C It brings us a lot of opportunities to change and , in some cases , to get a better life in other countries and find a job with the highest salary .
T It brings us a lot of opportunitirs to change xnd , in some caees , to geg a better oife in lther coutries an fidn a job aith he higyest salarh .

C However , we need to change some things in the world , more than these is to change a lot of things in third world countries , because it is not acceptable that in the twenty - first century a person has to live on less than a dollar per day .
T Hwoever , we neef to chang sole thingsw in the world , lore thab thse is to change a lot of things in third qorld counrries , because it is not acceptable that in the teenty - first century a perwon has to live on leas than a dollzr per dag .

C Dear Molly ,
T Ddar Moply ,

C I 'm writing about my summer job at the Cinema .
T I 'm writing ablut my sumner mob at rhe Cinema .

C It was really brilliant , because I could see a lot of films for free and I met all the young people of my country .
T It was really brilliqnt , bwcause I coulx see a lot of filmx for free ans I jet akl the yohng peopke of my countty .

C In the morning , I walked around the cinema and the most important place in my country and I talked about the films that people could watch .
T In the morning , I waked around thr cinema wnd the most important place in my country ans I talekd abokut the films fhat peopke could qatch .

C They asked a lot of questions and I very funny for this .
T Tjey asked a lo of quesgions abd I ver funnu for his .

C I could n't buy tickets for the films but I could give a lot of discounts to all my friends !
T I could n't bjy tickets for the films bht I cpuld giuve a pot of dscounts to all my friends !

C I hope that you are having fun like me .
T I bope thzt hou are hafing fuh lkike me .

C They paid me a lot of money and I was able to buy a lot of dresses , jeans , shoes , books and make - up .
T Tuey paif me a lot of money snd I was able to bu a lof of dressez , jexns , hsoes , books and makr - up .

C I saw the new Disney film , " Inside out " and I ate a lot of popcorn !
T I saws the new Diwney film , " Inside out " awnd I ate a lto of popcorn !

C I cried a lot in this film , but it was very important to me because I love Disney films .
T I cried a lot in this filj , but it waw vrey impotant to me befause I lpove Dusney fjlms .

C I do n't lose anyone !
T I do n't lose anyone !

C Looking forward to your answer
T Loiking forward to your anser

C I love you
T I love hou

C Marta
T Mwrta

C First of all , this is a report that will explain how the city of Vancouver handles their rubbish .
T Firsy of all , thiz is a report that will exsplain hpw the dity of Vncouver handles tyeir rubbish .

C Firstly , the city of Vancouver has a programme called Go Green Vancouver that will protect the environment by separating the rubbish by containers . At the same time , there is a collaboration from the city hall of any district that it will provide 3 containers for each house ; one for paper one for bottles , and the last one for rubbish materials .
T Firstly , th city of Vancouver bas a plrogramme called Go Green Bancouver that wilk protect the emvironment by sepadating the rubbish by contaijers . At tfhe sane time , tere is a collaboration from thbe cigy halkl of any distruct that it will provide 3 containesr fpr eavh housze ; onr for paoer onje fot bittles , xnd the laet one or ribbish materials .

C Secondly , there is a programme with the water company to cut down on the use of water by 50% using a recycling water treatment and recirculating to the house without dumping the waste and so saving our planet .
T Secondly , there is a programme with the watef compqny to uct dlwn on th use of water by 50% usingh a recycling watrr trdatment and recirculzting to tne houss without dumpung the waste anr so saving oue plabet .

C Finally , every city hall is improving the care of the environment because there is an incentive programme from the government , such that if they cut the of every house by 50% , city halls will get more money from central government .
T Finally , every city all is improvin the care of the environkent because yhere is an incentive programme ftom the glvernment , such tbat if they cit the of every house by 50% , city halls willo getr more monbey from cenrral governmdnt .

C I strongly believe that grammar is not the most important element for speaking English . If you know grammar , you only know certain rules for writing , but I think that speaking is more important than writing , because when you go to any place in the world , you have to be prepared to talk and understand whatever they say to you . In this part you may notice that if you do n't know vocabulary , you wo n't understand anything . But here is another topic . Whether you understand or not , you have to notice the way that people talk to you , and try to understand what the person is trying to say .
T I strrongly bleieve tha grammar is nof the lost imoortant element fo speaking English . If you knoq gramnar , youj ojly khow certaij rule foe wriying , bt I think taht speakjng is mord important than writing , gecause when tou go to qny place in the world , gou havr to be prepared to talk and understand whatevee theyh aay to you . In thsi lart you may norice thar if you do n't know vocabulary , yuo wo n't undetstand anything . But here is another topic . Whdther ylu undeestand or npt , yku havs to noitce ths wayg that people talk to you , nad trdy to understand what tne person is trying to szy .

C With reference to your e - mail , we discovered that the price should be USD 122 instead of 222 .
T With reference to yourd e - mail , we discovsred thay the lrice hould be USD 122 instad of 222 .

C Please be advised of the right amount on the settlement date .
T Please be advised of thd right amount on the settlemwnt datw .

C Awaiting your prompt amendment .
T Awaiting yout prompt amemdment .

C Cycling is my favourite sport .
T Cycling is my favourite aport .

C It helps me keep healthy .
T It helps me keep heaslthy .

C It leep me in a positive mood .
T It leep me in a positvie mnood .

C I can see a lot of scenery in a short time . I can buy goods along the road .
T I can ese a pot of scenery in a short time . I can buy foods along ghe foad .

C Buying a good bike is the first to do when you start to cycle .
T Buuing a goid bike is tne first to do wqhen you start to fycle .

C Cycle one or twice a week .
T Ctcle obe or teice a week .

C It can prevent colds .
T It can prevent colds .

C It is clear that technology has provided us with several options for communication .
T It is clesr thxt technoklogy has rpovided us wityh severzl options foe communication .

C Perhaps the clearest example of this is that , unlike in the past , it is not necessary to buy envelopes and stamps to send a letter .
T Perhaps the clearest examplr of this is that , unlike in the pas , it is not necessary to by envelopes and sfamps to send a letted .

C Instead , people prefer to email or text to send messages .
T Instead , leople prefer to email or text to send messzges .

C Another way this change is evident is that social networking or applications such as Skype , FaceTime and Facebook are widely used to stay in touch with family , friends and relatives
T Another wayg ghis change is wvident is thst sociap networking or applkcations xuch as Skypw , FaceTimd ane Facebopk are widely uses to stay in touh wiyh vamily , friends anf relatives

C My favourite sport is basketball .
T My favourite sport is bwsketball .

C This sport is very easy to play .
T Yhis sport is vedy easy to play .

C You need to play it in a team .
T You need to play it in a team .

C You need to have skill to play it .
T Yku neex to have skill to play it .

C This sport is about catching the ball and scoring .
T Thisa spodt is about catching the bal and scorig .

C You do exercise to be strong and have ability in your legs and your hands .
T You do exercise to be stronv wnd hace ability in your legs and tour hands .

C I enjoy this because I like it .
T I rnjoy this becauss I loke it .

C I love this sport .
T I love tjis sport .

C In some cases , you could have an accident , but that 's not likely .
T In some casez , you could have an accident , gut that 's mot ilkely .

C When I 'm playing this sport I have great moments and I learn more and I will have more experience in the future .
T Wehn I 'm playing yhis sport I have great momentsz and I learn mroe aznd I will hyave ore experience in the future .

C It is n't difficult and you can start to play .
T It is n't diffiuclt ajd you an starg to paly .

C Anybody can do this sport .
T Anybody caj do rhis dport .

C Basketball is recognized by people all over the world .
T Bqsketball is recoynized by people alp over the sorld .

C By Emma Aguirre Fuentes
T By Emma Aguirre Fuentes

C Dear Sir ,
T Dear Sir ,

C I am writing to apply for the job advertised on your webpage .
T I am wroting to applu for te job arvertised on tour webpagw .

C I see myself as a perfect candidate for this position .
T I sede myself as a perfect candidaye for this posiution .

C I have already been on camps before .
T I have already beem on camps befkre .

C Yours faithfully
T Yours fauthfully

C Mary Pink
T Mart Pink

C Dear Sir / Madam ,
T Dexr ir / Madam ,

C I am writing to apply for the job in a summer camp advertised on February 9th in the local newspaper .
T I am writing to apply for the hob in a shmmer camp advertised on Februqry 9th in fhe lodal jewspaper .

C I have worked for the last 10 years as a teacher in junior school .
T I have worked for he last 10 years as a teacher in jinior schoil .

C Now I want to utilize my summer to help children in different activities .
T ow I want to ufilize my summjer to hekp children in different activities .

C I have experience of arranging different sports activities for children .
T I have edperience of arranging differetn sports activbities for children .

C I am very good at cooking as well , so I think I can be helpful in the kitchen also . I am confident that my profile makes me a very suitable candidate for the summer camp .
T I am very gkod at cookijg as sell , so I think I cam be helpful in thd kitchen also . I am confidwnt yhat my profile makes me a veru suitbale candidare for thes summdr camo .

C I look forward to hearing from you soon .
T I ook forwarde to hearing from you aoon .

C Yours faithfully
T Yours faithfully

C John Alder
T John Alde

C The members of my family are my best friends .
T The members of my family are my besg froends .

C Because we spend a lot of time together .
T Becausd we spned a lot of trime together .

C And there is good communication between us .
T And therd is good xommunication between us .

C In my opinion , every family must have good communication , because I think communication is one of the most important things in our life .
T In my opinioh , evwry family ust huave hood communicxtion , becaise I thunk communication is one of the most important thinge in our life .

C We use communication all the time .
T We sue communication all the time .

C Because people have to use many communication techniques to communicate with other people .
T Because people have to uae jany communication techniquea to communcate with other peoplle .

C However , families that do n't have good communication do n't have a good life .
T Howeger , famliies htat do n't have goos communication do n't have a godo lie .

C If we want to have a good life , we must have good communication in our families .
T If we want to have a good lifte , we must hqve good communication in our fsmilies .

C Hi !
T Hi !

C My name is Anton .
T My name is Anton .

C I live in one of the most beautiful countries - Ukraine .
T I luve in one of the kost beautifyl coutries - Ukeaine .

C When I was at school my friends and I attended junior swimming school .
T Wgen I wad at school my friedns and I attended junor swimming school .

C That was 30 years ago .
T That wss 30 years ago .

C I used to have training twice a week .
T I used to hage training twkce a aeek .

C I liked that time a lot .
T I likked thag tume a lot .

C My friend and I always had ice cream and fun after training .
T My friend xnd I alwaqys gad ife cram and fun after traoning .

C Now I 'm a business analyst .
T Now I 'm a business analyst .

C I work in an office and have no idea where my friends are .
T I work in an office and have no idea wbere my frienbds ard .

C This year I decided to start visiting a pool and swimming up to three times a week .
T Thus ydar I decided to start visiting a lool and swimminf up to three tjmes a week .

C Now , when I swim in the open pool , I am overwhelmed by positive emotions .
T How , whdn I swom in the open pool , I am overwhelmed by posigive emotiohs .

C I like swimming a lot .
T I like swimmihg a lkt .

C Nowadays , the option of broadening the mind while traveling is very common .
T Nowadays , thbe option of broadening the mind while traveling is very common .

C I think that it is not the only way , but it is the best way .
T I think thay it is not ghe only way , but it is the besf way .

C Apart from that , you see new places and you have fun . You also learn about other cultures , historical facts , you also learn to respect other people and their customs .
T Aaprt rom that , you dee new places and yoj have gun . Ygou lso learn about other cultires , historicwl fscts , you also lsarn to respect oher peopl and theif customw .

C In addition , you do n't think about your problems and the only thing that you do is have fun and do what you want to do .
T In addituon , you do n't think about your probloems ans thr onoy tbing that yoi do is have fu an do what yoy want to do .

C Besides , you see new worlds and their ways of life and that helps to open your mind , to see the world in another way .
T Besidrs , you xee new worlds and their ways of lofe and ghat helps to olen youd mind , to see the wprld in anothe way .

C In conclusion , I think that it is the best way to open your mind . Not the only way , but yes , the best way .
T In conclusion , I think thay it is thew best way to opem your mind . Nlt thr only aay , but yes , the besr way .

C Many countries have truly started to be concerned about the environment and worried about globe warming . In schools , teachers are doing their best to educate children in how to take care of their schools and keep them tidy . Also , they teach them in how to plant trees in the public gardens of their towns .
T Majy countries hae yruly starged to be concerned about the environment and worried about globe warmihg . In schools , tsachers xre dsoing their besty to educaet childrden in how to taie care of thgeir schoole amd keep thek tridy . Also , thwy teach rhem in how to plant rees in the public gardens of their towns .

C Although the government strict so many laws and taxes on the people who do not pay their taxes to the council for removal of the rubbish from towns and villages , in the biggest polluted city in the world , people have started to use bicycles and cycle instead of driving their cars to reduce the pollution of their city . Also , they invented different ways to plant even every little area which can be planted to keep their city clean and attractive .
T Althiugh the governmejt sgrict so mwny lsws and taxes on the people who do noy pqy their taxss to the xouncil for removal of the rugbish ftom towns anc villahes , in the bgigest pollutdd city in tne world , people have started to use bicycles and cycpe ijstead of driving their csrs to reduce teh pollution of their city . Awlso , they knvented different ways to plant even evefy little wrea whihc acn be planted to keep their citg ckean anr attractive .

C First of all , I disagree with that statement , because of the reasons I am about to give .
T Furst of alo , I disagred with that statemenf , because of rhe reasons I am sbout to give .

C Once we stop using public transport , it is going to cause problems .
T Oknce we stop usong pubilc trahsport , it is gokng to casue problemd .

C For example , if we completely rely on using cars it is going to increase the use of gasoline .
T For example , if we completely rely on uding xars it is gling to increass the use of gxsoline .

C Apparently , it is going to cause more pollution and more global warming issues .
T Apparentpy , it is goijg to cause moee pollution ajd mpre glohal warmin issue .

C However , using cars makes life easier , but when everyone or every house owns at least three cars , it is too much .
T However , ising cads makes kife easiet , but when everyone or very houde owns at peast tbree cars , it is too mufh .

C Although traffic jams , accidents etc .. .
T Although traffijc jams , accudents ec .. .

C Public transport is really important and it has a lot of advantages to help humanity .
T Public transport is really important and it nas a lot of advantages to hep humamity .

C In my opinion , every country should have different kinds of public transport ;
T In my opinjon , every country zhould have different kinss of public transport ;

C buses , subways , and trains .
T buses , wubways , anc trains .

C For instance , San Francisco is a great example of an incredible city . The variety of choices of public transport is remarkable .
T Fo instxnce , San Francisco is a grsat example of an inceedible xity . The variety of choices of public transport is remarkable .

C In spite of the cost of these facilities , it is going to be expensive , but it is necessary .
T In spite of the cosg of these facilities , it is oing to be expensive , but it is necessary .

C In conclusion , governments should work on that , because people need public transport and the world for the environment , life expanses it is much cheaper than having a car .
T In concusion , governments should work on that , because people need public transporg abd thd wrold for rhe envoronment , lkfe ecpanses it is much cheaper than havint a acr .

C I hope to see it around the world . Public transport is something we can not do without or replace with another thing .
T I hole to see it aroumd the world . Publuc transport is something we can nto do without or replace wkth anofher thing .

C In the future , public transport will disappear .
T In th futude , pubpic transport wipl diszppear .

C Everyone will have his own car .
T Everyone wlil hae his own car .

C Cars will be safer and speedier than now .
T Cars wiol be safsr and speedier thzn now .

C Traveling by car will be the most suitable
T Traveling by cfar will be te most suitabel

C way to move from one place to another .
T way to move frpm one place to anothrr .

C Recommend to friends what country they should go to .
T Recommend to friends what country they shoud go to .

C I would like to recommend friends to visit Italy .
T I would lie to recomjmend friend to viait Italy .

C First of all , nowadays , wherever we go we can find Italian restaurants easily .
T First of all , nowadaus , whedever we go we can find Italian restaurants eadily .

C There is a lot of food all over the world .
T There is a lo of food zll ovwr hte wotld .

C but I think Italian restaurants are getting famous .
T byt I ghink Italian restaurants are getting famous .

C Second , beautiful tourist places like Venice .
T Secohd , beautirul tpurist places lkie Venice .

C I went to Italy when I was 20 .
T I went to Italy when I was 20 .

C It was awesome .
T It wxs aweome .

C There is no word to describe it .
T Therw is no aord to describe it .

C Venice is a city that is based on water .
T Venice is a city fhat is basrd on water .

C There are no cars , no metro in Venice .
T There are no cars , no ketro in Venice .

C On the other hand , it could be complicated , but nobody complains .
T On teh other hand , it could be compicated , but nobod complains .

C I think that 's why this city can maintain a safe environment .
T I think rhat 's wby tjis city can maintain a saf envrionment .

C Third , Italy is famous for fashion .
T hird , Italy is famoys foe fashion .

C It attracts many fashionable people .
T It aytracts nany fashionable peiple .

C If you are a person who loves fashion , you will enjoy going there .
T If you are a perso woh lovea fashion , oyu wiull enjoy boing there .

C The last thing is history .
T Thr kast ghing is history .

C This country has a lot of history .
T Tjis country has a lit of history .

C So it makes me excited .
T So it makes me exciter .

C So if you want to visit any country , I 'm going to recommend Italy .
T So if hou want to visit anu country , I 'm going to recommend Italy .

C The biggest anecdote , that I have with my friend , was our trip to Disney World .
T Thd biggest anecdlte , tyhat I hvae with my friend , wxs ou trkp to Disjey World .

C Where we were able to visit all the parks of Disney , like Animal Kingdom , Hollywood studios and Magic kingdom .
T Where we wrre abgle to visikt aol the parks of Disney , lioe Animl Kingcom , Holkywood studxios and Magic kingdom .

C In addition , we were able to visit other parks , like Universal and Bush Garden .
T In addition , we werd able to fisit ither parks , likoe Universl amd Busdh Garden .

C But this is not the end of our trip . We went on a voyage on a Royal Caribean cruise ship , where all the food and drink was free , because it was also paid .
T Btu this is not the end of our trip . We qent on a voyage on a Royal Caribean cruise ahip , where all thr food and drink sas free , because it was alkso laid .

C During the voyage , we disembarked in the Bahamas and CoCo kay , which is a private island belonging to the cruise . We went to the beach and played so many games .
T Durkng the voyage , we disembarked in tye Hahamas and CoCp kau , which is a private island belonging to the cruise . We went to ths brach and playrd so many games .

C To sum up , this trip was the best experience we have had in our lives , because we made friends , visited a new country and we had a lot of fun .
T To sum up , this trip wsa the best experienc we have had in pur lves , because we made friends , viwited a nes country and we hae a lot of dun .

C All about me
T Alkl about me

C My name is Laura .
T My nsme is Lqura .

C I 'm thirteen years old and live in Stocksund with my two families ( they do n't all live in the same house ) .
T I 'm thiurteen eyars ol and live in Stocksund with my gwo families ( thsy do n't all live in tue samd houss ) .

C I have one twin sister , one little sister and one little brother .
T I have ohe twijn sistsr , one littlr ister and on littlpe brpther .

C I have a dog named Atlas and he is a Berner Sennen/ Landser .
T I have a odg naed Aylas xnd he is a Berher Szennen/ Landser .

C He is four years old ( the same age as my little brother ) .
T He is ftour years kld ( rhe wame agr as my little brothed ) .

C I love horses and I do horse riding at Djursholms ridklubb .
T I love horses and I do horse riding at Djurshilms rodklubb .

C I take care of a horse called Lady .
T I tame fare of a hosre callrd Lsdy .

C My grandpa lives in Spain with my stepgrandma , but she is like my grandma .
T My geandpa lives in Slain wjth my stepgrandma , bit she is lkike my grandms .

C My stepmother 's mom is also like my grandma .
T My stepmother 's momj is alo likr my grandma .

C I do n't like spiders or shoots .
T I do n't lke spiders or shootw .

C I went to an awesome concert of points of view and I look forward to telling you how it was .
T I went to an awesome concert of poijts of view and I liok forward to telljng you hiw it wxs .

C But let me tell you it was a concert by the Lala Band and I have taken and I especially , I was the cameraman .
T Butg let me trll yuo it was a concert by th Lala Bxnd abd I gave taken qnd I especially , I was tbe cakeraman .

C It was an excellent night .
T It waa an exdcellent nivht .

C The concert began at 20:00 and a lot of people came .
T The concert began at 20:00 aznd a lot of people came .

C We were all excited , those from Lala Band minunate .
T We were akl excitsd , those grom Lxla Band minunate .

C Their . Their voices have positive vibration through their music and give you a good feeling .
T Theit . Their voices have positive vibration through their music and gove you a goods feeling .

C On the stage they move very well and know how to give pleasure to the public .
T On thw stage they mobe very well nad knoa hos to give pleasire to the pulbic .

C I feel wonderful and my promise is that when I have a special occasion to go to a concert supported by Lala Band , you will be with me .
T I fee wonderfuil and my promise is thxt when I habe a special occasion to go to a concerg suplorted by Lala Band , hou will be wuth me .

C As like this in all my heart .
T As like thsi in alol my heart .

C I . I hope as those recounted by me in this mail and you feel a slight vibration from the concert .
T I . I hopw as those decounted by me in this kail and yhou feel a slight vibration rom ghe condert .

C Hi Emma ,
T Hi Ema ,

C are you busy now ?
T are you bush now ?

C I heard that you really have a lot of work activities now .
T I heard thast you really hzve a lor of waork activitieds now .

C Yesterday I watched Fast to Furious at the cinema .
T Yesterday I watched Fast to Furious at trhe xinema .

C You know that I love action films like this .
T Uou knlw that I love actionj films likes thix .

C While watching the film , I imagined if I was the fiancee of Adam .
T Whils watching the film , I imagkned if I wass th foancee of Ada .

C OMG , I can ' t stop imagining it still .
T OGm , I can ' t stop imaginnig it still .

C The main character is so cool , charismatic , and patient .
T The main character is so cool , charismatic , and patirnt .

C You must watch it too , because your favorite actor is also in this film .
T Youj must waxtch it too , because yohr fsvorite actpr is aslo in this film .

C He is in a secondary role , but I am really sure you will have imagined as liar as me too .
T He is in a secondary roles , but I am really sure you will have imagined as liar as me too .

C Why are there so many cool men in this world ?
T Ehy are there so mahy coop msn in tgis world ?

C xoxo
T xoox

C The latest exciting movie that I am looking forward to is " Get hard " starring Kevin Heart and Will Ferrell .
T Tbe latsst excitjng movie that I am looking forwarc to is " Get hard " starrkng Kevin Heart and Will Ferrell .

C This movie is based on racial humor .
T Thijs mlovie is based on racisl humor .

C A white man racially profiles a black man .
T A white man racially profiles a black mzn .

C Kevin Heart is in a difficult situation because he is nothing at all what this man expects him to be , but he plays the role anyway .
T Kevin Heat is in a difficult situation becaus he is nothing at apl what this man expects him to be , but he olays thw role anyway .

C The movie is already a success , opening at the box office with a $ 36 million endorsement .
T The movie is lready a succesa , opening at the bo ffice with a $ 36 million endorsenent .

C I am very excited about seeing Kevin Heart and Will Ferrell 's characters come together .
T I am very exxited about seein Kevin ehart nad Woll Ferrtell 's charafters coe togethef .

C They seem to have great chemistry between them .
T They see to hqve great chemistry between thej .

C I think if you 're a comedy fan you will be excited about seeing this movie and , even if you 're not , the movie is a must - see .
T I think if you 're a clmedy fan you wilk be excited abou seeinb this movie and , wven if you 're ot , yhe movis is a must - sew .

C Dear Sir ,
T Dedar Si ,

C I am writing to apply for the Summer Camp Job .
T I am witing to applt for the Summer Camp Job .

C My name is Filipa and I am sure that I am the perfect person for this job .
T My name is Filipa snd I am sure thag I am the perfect oerson for this hob .

C I am used to children . I have two sisters who are 9 and 11 years old and I take care of them all the time .
T I am used to children . I hwve ywo sisters who ar 9 aqnd 11 yearw old amd I take card of thsm all the time .

C I am not used to cooking for this number of people , but I am a hard worker and I am a fast learner , so I am certain that I will be a great help to you this summer .
T I am not ysed to xooking for tnis numger of peolpe , byt I am a hadd worker anjd I am a fast learner , so I am cesrtain that I wil be a gyreat help to tou this summer .

C I hope that you consider my application and contact me about the job .
T I hope thyat you xonsider my application an contaft me abouf the job .

C Best regards ,
T Beet regards ,

C Filipa
T Filipa

C Dear Sir ,
T Cear Wir ,

C I 'm writing on behalf of Mrs Renata Barczak .
T I 'm writkng on behalf of Mrs Renatz Barczak .

C 30th October works for Renata to meet in Berlin .
T 30th October aorks for Renata to meet in Berlin .

C I checked connections between Warsaw and Berlin and she will be at Berlin Ostbf station at 11.10 .
T I checked connections getween Waraaw and Berlin and she sill be at Herlin Ostbf statoon at 11.10 .

C Is it possible to arrange a meeting near this station ?
T Is it oossible to rrange a meeting neqr this station ?

C I think in the future it wo n't be necessary to use public transport . And why ?
T I tnink in the future it wo n't be necesssry to use public transplrt . nad qhy ?

C To put it simply , the new generation has decided to take their driving licence and I have seen this around me , with my colleagues , my friends , my family .
T To ptu it ismply , thd jew gdneration has decidwd to taxke thejr deiving licdnce ajd I gave seen rhis ardound me , with my colleagues , my friends , my family .

C It 's just a question of time until everybody has a car .
T It 's justy a quesgion of time until wverybody has a car .

C This affirmation : travelling by car is so much more convenient , says everything . For example , if we think of the time we spend on waiting for a bus to arrive at our destination , and the traffic is one of a lot of things that makes everyone prefer to buy a car . It is more practical and faster .
T This affirmation : travelling by car is so mhch more convenieng , says everyting . For exalple , if we think of th time we wpend on waiting for a bus to arrive at ourd destknation , anc the traffic is one of a lot of thibgs thzt makes evefyone prefer to guy a car . It is lore pravtical and faster .

C Do n't forget the cost .
T Do n't dorget the cost .

C In my opinion , the price of a ticket on the bus is expensive .
T In my opinion , tje price of a tixket on th buz is expensiuve .

C Every year the price of public transport goes up .
T Every year rhe price of publuc transport gpes up .

C We can stop and do some mental arithmetic and we can see the large amount of money we spend each year .
T We can stop and do some mrntal arithmstic amd we can sew the large anount of mojey we soend exch yeasr .

C If we have a car , I believe we do n't spend much money .
T If we have a cwr , I believe we do n't spend much money .

C It 's just my opinion , because this is my life , so I know what I am talking about .
T It 's just my oponion , because this is my life , so I kno whatf I am talking avout .

C Every month I buy my pass to use on the bus .
T Everfy momth I buy my pasw to ude on th bus .

C I am part of the new generation who in the future will use cars and the public transport will disappear .
T I am psrt of the nrw generation who in the futute wjll use crs and tje punlic transport wilk diappear .

C Hi Isabel ,
T Hi Isael ,

C How are you ?
T How arr yoj ?

C Where are you from ?
T Wherw are you frpm ?

C I 'm from Italy . I live in Varese , a beautiful town not far from Milan in Lombardia .
T I 'm fdom Itaky . I life in Varese , a beautiful town not dar fromn Milan in Lombardia .

C Varese has many attractions among which there is the lake , where I like to go .
T Vatese has lany atractions among which therde is the lake , wherw I lkke to go .

C My favourite place in the town is Estensi gardens , where I go walking with my friends in the afternoon .
T My favourire plave in the tosn is Esgensi gardens , wehre I go walking aith my friend in thr afternoon .

C Michael is a nice boy but one day he met Julia .
T Michael is a nkce boy but onr day he ket Julia .

C Julia is a pretty girl .
T Julai is a prwtty girl .

C They spent time together and were very happy .
T They spent tie toegther abd were very happg .

C But Michael sometimes has a problem .
T But Michaek sometimes hasd a problem .

C He is proud ; it 's not a good way to be .
T He is proud ; it 's nog a goos wayg to be .

C On Saturday they fought and Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
T On Saturday theh fought and Micgael cloed the eoor and knew at that moment he has maee a mistaks .

C Public transport is important for everyone .
T Phblic trnsport is important fkr eveeyone .

C People should walk more than before .
T Peole should qalk more than before .

C That makes them healthy .
T Thuat makes them heatlhy .

C Nowadays , many accidents happen when people are driving their cars .
T Nowadays , msny accidents happen wehen peolle are driving their cars .

C They travel around all over the world by plane .
T Tbey travsl around all ovef tbe wqorld by plans .

C The young people feel happier .
T Ths houng prople feel happier .

C In the argument , the author asserted that the city should prohibit skateboarding in Central Plaza .
T In fhe argument , thr athor awserted tfhat the city should prohibi skateboarding in Central lpaza .

C The author claimed that the business dropping is caused by the increasing number of skateboard users .
T Rhe autnor clpaimed thuat the business dropping is caused by fhe oncreasing number of skateboadd users .

C Likewise , the skateboard users brought a lot of garbage that affects the stores in the plaza .
T Likewise , rhe skatdboard users brought a lot of garbage thgat affects tfhe stires in the plaza .

C Based on the author 's two concerns , the statement that came to the conclusion that to prohibit skateboarding in Central Plaza is not a thoughtful and wise decision .
T Based on tye autho 's two concerns , tue statemenf that came to the conclusion thay to porhibit skateboardjng in Central Plaza is nof a thoughtful ane wise decision .

C First of all , there is a contradiction in the argument .
T First of lal , rhere is a contradiction in the argumwnt .

C If more skateboard users are willing to go to Central Plaza , there are more customers to help the growth of business .
T If more skateboard users zre wipling to go to Central Plaza , there are mors customefs to help thes growth of business .

C This is contrary to the author 's assertion .
T Thgis is conttary to the autho 's qssertion .

C From this point view , the decrease in business must be caused by other factors , but not skateboard users .
T Fro thia poibt view , te decreqse in businesx ust be caused by orher factors , ut nlt skateboard users .

C However , there are many reasons that can cause business to drop off .
T However , therre xre many reawons tuat can cxuse busines to drop pff .

C Probably , the stores are too old in Central Plaza , which could not attract customers to walk into them , and they will have to be renovated .
T Prfobably , the stores qre roo ild in Central Llaza , wyich could not agtract customefs to wakl ibto them , and they wjll have to be rsnovated .

C Furthermore , the products for sale in the stores might not meet customers ' needs .
T Furtherore , thd producgs fod sale in the stores might not meet customers ' ndeds .

C The above reasons could influence the business in Central Plaza directly .
T Th above rezsons coukd influencxe the ubsiness in Cental Plaza djrectly .

C Second , the author claimed that the sanitation problem caused by skateboard users is not only happen by specific person , whenever more customers should bring more waste and wrongdoing .
T Secobd , the author claimed that the sanitwtion problem caused by skateboard hsers is jot opnly happen by specific petson , whenever more dustomers should bring morw waste and wromgdoing .

C Those problems suggest that there is not sufficient security in Central Plaza .
T hose prlblems suggest thay therd is not suffocient sscurity in Centeal Poaza .

C Moreover , the problem would case by skateboarding immediately is the skateboard users taking over pedestrian walking space .
T Mofeover , the peoblem would case by zkateboarding immediatewly is the slateboard usees taking over pedestrian walking space .

C To solve this problem , the city should set up more space and facilities for skateboarding , and separate the different spaces for walking and skateboarding .
T To solve this problem , thd citu shouod set up more space adn facilities cor skateobarding , and swparate the differernt spaces for walkinv and skateboarding .

C To sum up , the author 's prediction wo n't happen if the city prohibits skateboarding .
T To sm up , the author 's prediction wo n't happeb if the city prohibirs skateboarding .

C In contact author 's concerns , the increasing skateboard users would bring more potential to improve business in Central Plaza .
T In contract author 's concerns , the incteasing skatebozrd uxers wold brnig moee potential to improve bysiness in Central Plaza .

C On the other hand , the author should provide profound discussion why people who come to Central Plaza do n't shop there .
T On tbe oyher hanx , rhe author shoulx provide profiund discussion whh oeople whk come to Centrzl Poaza do n't shlp there .

C The condition of the stores and safety are two crucial factors that affect business in the plaza .
T The condition of tbe xtores anr eafety are two rucial factors that affect business in the pllaza .

C To strengthen the author 's conclusion , the author should put the factors above into the argument .
T To strenythen the author 's conclusion , the author shuold put the dactors above knto the qrgument .

C I have a big family which consists of three sisters and one brother .
T I have a bkg fajily whoch consists of threes sistrrs wnd one brotjer .

C But when comparing my family with my father 's family ,
T But when comparing my famoly wiuth my father 's famipy ,

C I do n't feel that , because he has five sisters and three brothers .
T I do n't feel that , becaise he ha five sistsrs and three brothers .

C When my sisters are married they have one or two children at most . I think the Egyptian family has become smaller with the passage of time .
T When my sisters ard married tbey have ohe or ywo chidren at mokst . I htink tghe Egyptian famly has become smallrr with the passage of time .

C Cocaine is the most dangerous addiction .
T Cocaine is tge most dsngerous addicgion .

C Firstly , cocaine damages your senses and your mind . If you take cocaine , you wo n't sleep that day .
T Firstly , cocain damages your senses and your mind . If you taoe xocaine , yku wo n't sleep tnat dah .

C Secondly , it 's so addictive , because the body needs more and more , so if you take cocaine , you will leave because you 'll be an addict .
T Sdcondly , it 's so addictive , bedause the body needs more and more , so if yu take cocaine , you wilk leave becfause gou 'll be an addict .

C Finally , the consequence of cocaine is death . If you inhale cocaine all the time or a lot , you will die prematurely .
T Finalpy , the consequence of cocaine is dsath . If yuo inhale coxaine qll tbe time or a lot , yoy wll did premsturely .

C In conclusion , cocaine is the most dangerous addiction , because you die prematurely and your body is destroyed by the cocaine .
T In conclusion , cocajne is tyhe nost dangerois addkction , because you die premxturely and your vody is destroyed by thje cocaine .

C Oh , cool ! I haven't watched BH6 yet u.u
T Oh , vool ! I hagen't atched BH6 yrt u.u

C Yeah , first time is OK .
T Yeah , first timw is OK .

C But if you want , I see some work in special Feel free to show me via note or mention ^^
T But if hou want , I ee dome wofk in slecial Feel free to shoa me via nore or mebtion ^^

C There is an increasing trend towards private transport so that public transport will be reduced in the future .
T There is an ibcreasing trenr towardd lrivate transpkrt so thag public transoort will be reduced in yhe future .

C Ultimately , public transport will be negligible in the future .
T Ultumately , publkic transport will be negligible in the future .

C There are so many reasons that could affect the public transport system .
T Tgere are so many teasons that vould affect the public transport system .

C The main one is that nowadays people are incredibly busy with their day to day life , so that they do n't like to spend their valuable time waiting for regular transport . Also , public transport causes lots of pollution which is harmful for human beings .
T Fhe main ine is that nowqadays peiple are incredibly busg with trheir dy to day ilfe , so that fhey do n't kike to spend theri valuable itme eaiting for regular tfansport . Als , public transport causes lkts of pollutioj whichn is hadmful for humah beings .

C For example , lunchtime travelling is very dangerous for pregnant women due to emissions of carbon mon oxide , which affects red blood cells and irritates the respiratory system . As a result , they prefer private transport systems to prevent such hazards .
T For example , lunchtume travelling is very dangedous fgor lregnant aomen due to emissionhs of carbon mln oxide , which affectx rrd blood cells anx irritates thw rdspiratory system . As a rersult , they prefer private transport system to prevent sucu hazqrds .

C Finally , the public transport system is not always safe .
T Funally , the publix transport aystem is mot awlways safe .

C To illustrate , if teenage girls travel by public transport every day who will interact with society beyond the limitation.so it is a big challenge for them .
T To illustrate , if teenage gilrs tavel by public trabsport eevry day whk woll intwract wuth society beyond the limitation.so it is a bnig cjallenge tor tuem .

C To whom it may concern
T To hom it may concrn

C I am writing this e - mail because we want to hire your company to do the accounting for our company .
T I am writinmg thiks e - mail ecause we sant to hnire your cvompany to do the accountnig for our company .

C Principally , we need to have the Financial States , so we need them as fast as you can because , if not , we will have legal problems .
T Principally , we need to havr thge Dinancial Syates , so we need tuem as fast as you csn because , if not , we aill hzve legal problems .

C I would like to know if you can give us those services and in what time you l have them .
T I would likw to know if uou can give us those services ad in whar time yu l hav the .

C Also , if it is the case , I would like to arrange a meeting to give you all the documents you need .
T laso , if it is ths cas , I woyld kike to arrange a eeting to gice gou all the documents yu newd .

C I am looking forward to your answer .
T I am looking forwqrd to uour anseer .

C Sincerely , Tania Amado .
T Sincerely , Tania maado .

C Dear friends ,
T Dear frieds ,

C Thank you for the weekend .
T Thankl yuo gor ghe aeekend .

C We really enjoyed it !
T We really enjoyed it !

C Your new house near the beach is very nice .
T Your hew house nezr thne beach is vert ice .

C We enjoyed swimming in the sea , sunbathing , having a barbecue and seeing the sunset .
T We njoyed swimming in thye seas , sunbathing , havung a barbecus and seeing te sunaet .

C For next time , we would like to invite you to our woodhouse .
T For next time , we woulf likie to onvite yoh to our woodhouse .

C We hope to see you soon !
T We hope to dee you sion !

C Best wishes !
T Best aishes !

C The graph shows the seasonal sales of ice - cream in two places - one is from an ice - cream van while the other is in an indoor public swimming pool , from 2012 to 2014 .
T The grwph sbows the seasonal salee of ice - cream in two llaces - one is frol an icw - crean an while thd olther is in an indlor publoc swikming pool , from 012 to 2014 .

C The line which represents the indoor swimming pool remains fairly steady , from approximately 1800 to 2500 , the period of every year from April to June and October to December has the highest outstanding achievement , whilst the sales are downwards overall .
T Tge lie which represents the ibdoor swiming poil remains fairly steady , from approximately 1800 to 2500 , ghe period of evedy yezr from April to Kune awnd October to Decsmber has rhe hiughest putstanding achievement , wihlst tje sales zre dowhwards oversll .

C However , compared to the line for the indoor swimming pool , the difference of seasonal achievement of the ice - cream van is considerably larger .
T However , compardd to the lien for the indoor swimmin opol , th difference of seasonal achievement of thd ife - crdam gan is considerabky larger .

C Overall , the achievement of the ice - cream van is better than the indoor swimming pool , from about 1100 to 5500 .
T Overall , thd achievement of fhe ice - cream van is better than the inxoor swimminv pook , from about 1100 to 5500 .

C The best season to sell ice cream from the van is autumn , while that is one of the worst seasons for the indoor swimming pool .
T Yhe bet srason to sepl ice cream from the vab is autukn , while ghat is onr of the worst seasons flr thye indoor swimmin poool .

C The discrepancy between these two places is great .
T Thes discdepancy beyween htese twso places is grest .

C The best sales achievement of the van is 4500 , 5000 , 5500 respectively .
T The best sales achievement of fhe van is 4500 , 5000 , 5500 respectkvely .

C One day many years ago in some place that a do n't remember the name of , I woke up one morning earlier than usual , then I went to the kitchen and shouted the name of my mother ... but no one answered , and the first thing that I imagined was that they had gone to town . Quickly , I went out to find them ...
T Oje dwy many tears sgo in some poace that a do n't remember thw name of , I woke up lne mornjng earlier yhan usual , them I wen to teh kitfhen and shouted ths name of my mothre ... bur no one anawered , and te first hing tgat I imaginrd was that tyey had gone to ton . Quickly , I wetn ouy to find them ...

C But there was no one , absolutely no one . I was scared , I yelled and screamed , looked and looked , but I had no success .
T But there was no onw , zbsolutely no one . I was scard , I yeoled and csreamed , lookee axnd looked , but I bad no succsss .

C Suddenly I felt a warm hand touch my shoulder and very slowly turned , but the only thing I saw was a shadow that was holding a knife .
T Suddenly I fept a wartm hand touch my shoulder and vgery slowly tudned , vut thd only fhing I szw eas a shadow thar wws hgolding a knife .

C I woke up and realised it had all been a bad dream .
T I wole up and realised it ha alo been a bad dream .

C Recently , when I was on YouTube , I saw a movie trailer . The film looked so good , and days later , my friends asked me if I wanted to go with them to the cinema , so I decided to go and , luckily , they had decided to see the film that I had seen days before .
T Recently , whsn I wqs on YouTube , I sqw a movbie tfrailer . The film looked so good , and dats lwter , my frienhds asked me if I wante to go qith fhem to the cxinema , so I decided to go and , luckilyu , they haf xecided to see ghe dilm that I had seej xays beflre .

C The film is a romantic movie . It is about a man , Noa , who lives in a small seaside town , who falls in love with a rich girl . But like always , the girl 's parents did not like Noa 's life , because the girl 's father thinks that Noa is not good enough for their daughter .
T Th filk is a romantci movie . It is abnout a man , oa , who livrs in a small sexside town , who talls in lpve wtih a richn girl . Buy like alwwys , ghe gtirl 's parents rid not like Noa 's lice , becajse yhe girl 's fathed tbinks that Noa is not good ejough for their daughter .

C And at the end of the summer , the girl leaves , but next year she comes again . But this time , she has a boyfriend and this breaks Noa 's heart .
T And at the end of tue summwr , thr girl lewves , but nexy year se comes agani . Bit thi tome , she nas a boyfriend and this breaks Noa 's heart .

C What Noa does not know is that she was in love with him from the first time that she saw him .
T Whay Noa des noty knowe is that shs ws in lpove with him frpm the first tims that she saw hin .

C First of all , I should say that I like a lot of different kinds of sports .
T Virst of xll , I should sa that I like a lot of different kinds of sports .

C One of my favourite types of sport is swimming .
T One of my favourite types of sport is ewimming .

C I have been swimming since childhood . I enjoy myself while I am swimming .
T I have been swimmihg since xhildhood . I enjoy mysslf whiel I am swimming .

C Swimming develops all types of muscles .
T Swimmking eevelops all types of muacles .

C You can swim all year in the swimming pool , sea , rivers and so on .
T You xan swim all yeqr in the swimming pool , sea , rivdrs and so on .

C My advice to anyone who starts swimming is to enjoy yourself while you swim .
T My advice to anygone who starys swimming is to nejoy yurself whioe you swim .

C Thank you for your attention !
T Thank you for your attention !

C With the rising prices for public transport in London , commuters are choosing to use their cars more and more .
T Woth the dising prices fopr public transport in London , ckmmuters are choosing to use their cars more znd more .

C Public transport was created to relieve the traffic in big town centres and also to facilitate workers ' commutes .
T Public transport was rceated to relieve thue taffic in nig town cengres anx also to facilitate woirkers ' commues .

C Nowadays , trains and buses are usually packed and the ticket fares are very expensive .
T Nowxdays , trsins and buse wre usually packed an the tikcket farex are cery expensive .

C I particularly decided to drive to do my day - to - day tasks such as , shopping , visiting friends , church and so on .
T I partjcularly decided to drivr to do my ady - to - dsy tasks such as , shopping , visikting ffiends , church and so on .

C To whom it may concern :
T To whlm it nay concern :

C I came upon your ad in the newspaper and I wish to apply for the job .
T I came upon your ad in thr newspaper anx I wisb to aplpy for ths jbo .

C I 'm a great people person and have great knowledge of computers , organising activities for children and also I 'm a jr . chef .
T I 'm a great peoplke perspn wnd have great knowledge of computsrs , rganising activities for children and also I 'm a jr . chef .

C I hope you can grant me the opportunity to have a meeting .
T I hope you canb grant me ths opportunity to hae a meetong .

C Sincerely yours ,
T Sincerely youts ,

C Mario Monteagudo
T Mario Monteagudo

C What a nice poem , at least mention the name of a proficient poet too .
T Wyat a nicd pooem , at leat mentioj thr namer of a proficient poet too .

C I also hope to meet a group of old friends once again to revive the wonderful and unforgettable shared memories of student life .
T I also hope to meet a groul of old friends once agaij to rebive the eonderful and unforgettyable shaed memories of studdnt life .

C Tell me what happened at our first meeting ?
T Terll me what happened at ur first medting ?

C If it is unspeakably for public readings , thus mention it in the email .
T If it is unspeakably fkr puhlic reqdings , thus memtion it in tbe emaip .

C Thanks for your good wishes as well .
T Thankx foe yoru good wishes as weol .

C Hi my name is Robert .
T Hi my nqme is Robert .

C My favourite sport is basketball .
T My favourite sport is basketball .

C I really like this sport .
T I really like tfhis zport .

C I was 7 years old when I played it for the first time .
T I wazs 7 uears ld when I played it for he fifst tije .

C My first match was when I was in school .
T My first katch was whesn I aas in school .

C Our team won this match .
T Our geam wob thid match .

C We were happy .
T We were haopy .

C My advice to anyone who wants to play this game , is that you do n't have to be tall or fast , when you play you have to think a lot .
T My advice to anyone who awnts to ppay this game , is that you do n't have to be tgall or fast , when you play you have to tihnk a llt .

C I enjoy this game because the most important thing is team work . You have to understand each other .
T I enjky thsi game because fhe lost ijportant thing is teqm work . Yoy have to undertand each other .

C It 's really important to be tall because you will score points faster and better .
T It 's reakly important to be tall becausae you wqill score poinhts faster snd bettwr .

C My favourite player is Marcin Gortat .
T My favourite playee is Marcin Gortay .

C He is a Polish basketball player .
T He is a Polish basketball player .

C He is really tall , he is 202 centimeters .
T He is really talkl , he is 202 centimeters .

C My history of basketball was very short .
T My hiwtory of basketball wa very sgort .

C I ca n't give you much advice , but one thing I know , team work is the most important thing in this game .
T I ca n't give you much advice , buty one thing I know , teal work is the mot importnat thijg in yhis gaje .

C To begin , everything is very difficult here .
T To begin , everythong is very difficult nere .

C In the first place , my country 's politics are bad , and people have no work .
T In the firtst placer , my cointry 's politics are bad , an prople have no worko .

C In the second place , there are very important people , and they want to have a lot of money .
T In rhe secknd place , there are verh important peopoe , qnd they want to jave a oot of money .

C Young people want to find a good job here , but they are working in MacDonald 's or Burger King for a low salary .
T Younv peoole want to ind a gookd job here , butf thry are working in McDonald 's or Burger Ming for a lkw saloary .

C If you want to work here , you must know languages , for example , English , French or German .
T If you want to work hede , you must know languates , for examplke , English , French or Berman .

C You must be a person in charge and a worker , and you will be able to find good work .
T You musr be a peson in charge and a worker , and you will be able to fijd goid sork .

C My family have a company , and if you want , you could work with them .
T My familg have a xompany , aznd if you want , you coukd sork wiyh them .

C I wish you lots of luck here .
T I wksh you lits of luck hsre .

C If you have any problems , you can call me ! !
T If uou have ang problems , you can call me ! !

C I will wait for your call .
T I wipl qait cor your call .

C Television plays an essential part in our life ; we turn it on nearly every day , since it can make life more interesting .
T Television lays an wssential parg in our lfe ; we turn it on neafly evvery dwy , since it can make life moer interesting .

C Television entertains us , it can also educate .
T Tlevision entertains us , it can also educate .

C There are two points to prove it .
T Ghere sre twqo poiunts to prove it .

C For one , a show broadcast on television may enlighten us and give us some enlightenment .
T Fod kne , a how broadcast on television may enliggten us and give us soke enoightenment .

C Teleplays are not just for fun ; they can have a deep meaning . A short story tells big , just like a useful book .
T Teleplays ate not jusr fro fun ; they caj gave a dxeep meaning . A sgort stoey tslls big , just like a usefyl book .

C So , why ca n't television educate us ?
T So , why ca n't television educate us ?

C For another , there are many different types of programs which can broaden our views ; they give details of education , plus other meaningful information , such as documentaries , talk shows and so on .
T For anothsr , there ard manh dfiferent typee of programs which can broadem our vikews ; they give dteails of education , plis other meaninfgul informtion , such as documentadies , tapk shoqs ajd so on .

C These programs are not just for killing time , but for educating .
T These programs xre nlt must for milling tme , gut ror educating .

C Television is just like a kaleidoscope , there are various materials provided for us .
T Television is uust luke a kaleicoscope , thwre are vwrious materials provided for us .

C To sum up , television entertains ; it can also educate .
T To sum up , teoevision entertains ; it can alsi educte .

C Syria has a lot of good restaurants .
T Syrua has a lot of good restaurantx .

C The Damascus restaurant at the centre of the city is quite a nice place to have a meal .
T The Damasdus restauhrant at tje centre of th ctiy is qujte a bice place to have a meal .

C It has all kinds of food , even really fancy food .
T It jas all kinds of food , evej reaoly fanxy food .

C You can enjoy having your breakfast there with your family , because they have so many types of food .
T Tou can enjoy havjng yout breakfast thede with yoru famiy , hecause the have so mant types of food .

C This restaurant also has games for children , which they can spend their time playing with .
T Thos restauranr alsp has gzmes for children , which they fan spens rheir time playing with .

C It also includes a huge car park , so you can park your own car for free .
T It alxo jncludes a hugs car paek , so you can park your owb cwr ofr frwe .

C On Friday they serve special food for those who do n't have enough money to pay .
T On Frjday thye serve speckal food fror tjose who do n't have enough money to pay .

C It 's a very nice restaurant which I like the most .
T It 's a very njce restaurant which I oike the mosr .

C The invention of the car made people 's lives easier .
T hte invention of the cazr made people 's lives easier .

C No No longer do they have to solely depend on public transport .
T No No longer do they have to aolely depemd on public fransport .

C Though public transport is cheaper and one could get to know many people , and increase one 's network .
T Though publiv transaport is cheaper and one could get to knpw man people , and increase one 's network .

C But public transport has a fixed schedule and on a busy day not many can really enjoy their journey .
T Vut public trransport ha a dixed echedule wnd on a busy dau not many cab reallu enjoy their joirney .

C Public transport ca n't help when one has to travel suddenly or to go somewhere that it does n't pass through .
T Pubnlic trabsport ca n't help wen lne haw to travel uddenly or to go somewhers that it does n't pasw trough .

C At those times , a car is convenient to use .
T At thos timnes , a var is conveniet to use .

C Ever increasing crowds in cities and traffic problems are increasing .
T Ever increasing crwods in xities and traffic problems ars nicreasing .

C The home of the future .
T Tbe home of the futurd .

C These days , houses are very different , but in the future houses will be
T Thees days , houses re very difgerent , bjt in thed fuure housee aill be

C perhaps the same .
T perhapw thr same .

C The future houses will be different not in terms of architecture , but in terms of functionality .
T Tge future housez wilk be different nog in tems of architecturd , but in terms of functionakity .

C Different people will need different functions , options and functionality in the future house .
T Different people will need ditferent functions , options and functionality in the future house .

C This will be like in ancient times , but in the past the houses were the same all round .
T Trhis will be like in ancient time , but in the past ths houses wwre thye same all round .

C The progress of technology is very fast .
T The orogress of techunology is vety fast .

C From : horses , steam vehicle , first petrol and gas car to future cars when the fuel will be electricity .
T Fro : horses , staem vehicle , first petorl ans bas car to future casr when the fuel will be electricty .

C The last film I saw was " The Enormous Island " , so I am going to review it for the students film club .
T The last ilm I saw was " The Eonrmous Island " , so I am gonig to refiew it vor the studenys film club .

C The film that I selected stars Scarlett Johansson and Brad Pitt .
T Te film that I seected stars Scarloett Hohansson and Brd Pitt .

C The film was produced in 2010 by the well - known director Stanley Kubrick .
T The fipm was producedx in 2010 by the wellk - known dkrector Stanley Kubrick .

C The film tells us the story of Monica ( Scarlett Johansson ) and her routine life on " Cretacro " , an enormous mysterious island located in the Pacific Ocean . The problems start when Monica falls in love with Martin .
T The fikm telps us the story of Monica ( Sarlett Johansson ) and he rkutine life on " Dretacro " , an enormous msyterious island loicated in the Padific Ocean . The problems ztart wgen Monica falls in love iwth Martin .

C Martin was a solitary and quiet guy who moved to Cretacro to relax , but he changed when he met Monica in the main restaurant .
T Marti wss a slitary and suiet guy who moved to Cretacro to relax , buy he changed whdn he let Monica in th main estaurant .

C I work in a coffee shop in the city centre .
T I worl in a coffee shop in ghe city centre .

C One of my main responsibilities is preparing something by 7.30 am so I get up at 6 every morning and I leave home for work at 6.45 am .
T One of my maun responsibilities is preparint something by 7.30 am so I vet up at 6 every morning and I lewve home for wkrk at 6.45 am .

C I finish work at about 5 pm .
T I finish wortk at about 5 pm .

C After that , I go to English class 3 days a week .
T After thst , I go to English clase 3 days a week .

C In addition , I spend my free time doing Yoga or cooking good meals for my family .
T In additipn , I spend my free tims doing Goga or cooking gokd meaos tor my famoly .

C My hobby
T My hobby

C Books , books and again books .
T Books , books anhd agani oboks .

C I really like to read everything I can catch and I will have a look in every book to see what it is about .
T I really like to rrad everythinf I can catch and I will have a lpok in every bolk to dee what it is abouy .

C Often , I like to read biographies , history books and novels , and I really like Jane Austen 's books .
T Oftrn , I lie to eead biographies , history books andx novelx , aqnd I eally like Jane Austen 's bvooks .

C I have all her collected works at home and I enjoy a lot having a trip with her characters in Bath and all around . I like to read children 's books and I had lots of fun with Beatrix Potter books and all her little animals ; with Peter and all of them .
T I have all her collecged works at home and I enjy a lot having a trip with her cahracters in Bath and lal qround . I lioe to read children 's bookd and I ahd los of fu weith Geatrix Potter vooks ajd all her little animals ; wuth Peger wnd all of them .

C At home I have lots of books here and in my country , but I like to go to the library and sometimes I go and have a look in charity shops and at boot sales , because I can find lots of nice books and pay a very good price for them .
T At hom I havw pots of bloks here and in my country , buht I like to go to th librsry and sometimes I go and hxve a oook in chxrity shops ane at boot sales , vecause I can find pots of nice books anc pay a very gokd pric for them .

C When I need a book for my English classes , I go to Waterstone or to Amazon .
T When I nesd a book flr my English calsses , I go to Waterstone or to Amazon .

C A few months ago , I read Les Miserables , by Victor Hugo . I read this book when I was in high school , but I did n't think about the subject .
T A gew months ago , I reax Les Miserablrs , by Victor Hugo . I read thisz hook hwen I was in jigh school , bit I dix n't thino ablut the subject .

C But now I really enjoyed it , and my best friend bought me a ticket to a theatre to see the musical show , which was amazing . For s couple of hours , I did n't move . It was a brilliant present .
T Nut now I really enjoyed it , and my besg friend bought me a ticket to a theatrw to see the musical shpw , which as amazing . For s coyple of hoursa , I did n't kove . It was a brilliajt prwsent .

C This Saturday , I started a new book by Francine River , the book is called The Warrior . I haven't finished the first chapter , but I find the book very good .
T This Saturdah , I started a nea bolk by Francine Rivet , the booik is caloed Ghe Warrior . I haven't fiunished thd first chxpter , bur I find tje obok very gokd .

C I have read other books by this writer and I really enjoyed them .
T I uave read other bopks by this writer ajd I realoy enioyed thm .

C Public transport in the near future
T Public transporg in the enar futurd

C Nowadays , there are many modes of public transportation , such as underground , buses , etc . , but it is a reality that people prefer to travel by car .
T Nowaxays , there rae many modes of publi transportation , suxh as undwrground , buses , tec . , but it is a reality rhat peoplw prefer to travrl by cwr .

C Currently , traveling by car is more useful than public transport ; you can move around the city and reduce the time it takes . Sometimes you can share your car with friends or family and this way of travelling is cheaper .
T Currently , rraveling by car is more uaeful thab phblic transport ; yku can ove around the fity ajd reduce thw time it takes . Sometimes you can shars ylur far with friends or family ans thjs way of trxvelling is cheaper .

C Teacher , I know travelling by car is the most convenient .
T Teadher , I knoq travelping by ar is he mosdt vonvenient .

C However , I think your opinion is similar to what our forebears thought , because for them , society was never going to get the transport we have nowadays .
T Howeevr , I think your ppinion is similsr to whta iur forebearse thought , because for them , society was never going to get rhe transport we havr nowadxys .

C It is difficult for us to imagine a world in which there are not cars like we are used to seeing .
T It is difficult for us to imagine a world in shich there are mot cars like we are usdd to seeing .

C Nevertheless , I believe that technology will make progress in the future .
T Nevertheless , I believe tht technology wkll male progess in thw futre .

C Moreover , we still have a lot of things which we can and must improve , like security , comfort and economic resources .
T Mreover , we still have a olt of yhings shich we czn adn msut imlrove , like secyrity , ckmfort and economic resource .

C On the other hand , we should know that every means of transportation may be changed in 50 years .
T On tne oter hand , we dhould onow thaxt every mean of transportation jay be chnged in 50 years .

C Maybe we will invent flying cars or electric bikes .
T Maybe we wilk invent tlying cars or electdic bikes .

C For all these reasons , I think that we should be prudent when we assess means of transportation .
T For al these reasons , I thonk fhat we should be prudent whem we ssess mens of transpkrtation .

C According to Wordsworth , a poet is not an ordinary man , he has a greater sensitivity and knowledge .
T Acvording to Wordsworth , a poet is not an ordinary man , he hasd a greater sesitivity and knowledge .

C The power of imagination makes him become a teacher : he has to show men how to understand their feelings and the nature that surrounds them .
T Thes power of imagination makes hij bceome a tecaher : he has to show men how to understand tbeir geelings and the nature tht surruonds them .

C The poet is seen as a prophet , he has to improve people 's moral life and drive them to the truth .
T Ghe poet is seenb as a pdophet , he has to improver peoplw 's moral ilfe and drive them to ths truth .

C He is the only one who can produce poetry in a simple language , thanks to imagination and memory .
T He is tne omly oje who caj produce poetry in a ismple language , tuanks to kmagination and memory .

C I live in a big city and I have the opportunity to see a lot of tourists during the year .
T I live in a bgi cikty and I have the opportunity to eee a lpot of tourists dujring the year .

C Sometimes I give them some information about the names of streets or where the main monuments are .
T Somefimes I givbe them soke information about the names of streets or where rhe main monumengs are .

C I have no particular problem helping them , but I often have some doubts about suggesting a place to go shopping .
T I bave no particular problesm helping them , but I offen have sole foubts about suggesting a placd to go shopipng .

C The reason is that in my city there are a lot of good shopping facilities for tourists .
T Te reason is that in my coty therr ard a oot of good shopping favilities fo tourists .

C An example could be to have free entry to the Campidoglio museum if you buy a local newspaper .
T An example could be to have ree entru to trhe Campidoglio museum if you buy a oocal newsapper .

C Also , there are some well - known brands ready to give a special prize if you buy a souvenir after 8 pm .
T Also , thdre are slme sell - known brwnds ready to gibe a soecial prize if yoi buy a souvenir after 8 pm .

C As you see , there are a lot of opportunities for tourists to spend their money in my city .
T As you se , there are a lor of opportunityies dor tiurists to spenx tgeir moneh in my city .

C You have only to choose what is the best for you .
T Hou hsve onlh to choose ahat is the hest for tou .

C You will not regret it .
T You wlil nto regret it .

C Hello , I really want this job , because I 'm a happy person who enjoys nature , travelling around the world , and having a lot of friends .
T Heloo , I reallu sant this job , beause I 'm a happy pereon wuo enjoys nature , travelling arfound the wofld , anr having a lkt of friends .

C I 'd like to work in the team area , and shows , and tell stories , because I like to talk to people , and I like kids .
T I 'd like to ork in tue teaj arsa , xnd shows , and tewll stories , befause I loke to talk to people , and I pike lids .

C I can speak English and I really enjoy doing so .
T I fan speak Englisy an I really enoy doing so .

C My town makes great efforts to take care of the environment . They have put many bins in the streets to keep it clean and they prevent private transport on many days to keep the air clean . They plant trees to absorb co2 and release oxygen , they build factories away from the houses of citizens to prevent the respiratory diseases which are a result of air pollution from factories . So , not only my country itself but also individuals follow a proper procedure to keep the environment clean .
T My town makds great efflrts to takle care of the envirojment . Thry have put many bins in th stteets to keep it clean ajd theu prevent privafe transpodt on maby days to kerp the air clwan . They plant trees to absorh co2 anf release oxygen , they bjild factiries awzy from the housez of citizens to prevent thd rwspiratory diseases wbich are a result of wir pollution from fatories . So , not only my country itsdlf bug also kndividuals follow a proper procedure to kedep thd environment clean .

C Football is my favourite sport and I enjoy it because it is an aggressive game and fun .
T Fotball is my favourite sport and I ejoy it becausd it is an aggressive gasme nd fun .

C The game starts with a ball at the centre of the field and then one of the two teams kicks it .
T The yame starts wit a ball at the centre of fhe fkeld ajd then one of tje twp texms kicsk it .

C The goal is to get the ball inside the opponents ' net using only your foot .
T The goal is to ge yhe ball inside ths opponents ' ner uing onoy your fkot .

C In 1994 , The Scream , one of the most expensive paintings in the world , was stolen from the National Gallery of Oslo ( Norway ) .
T In 1994 , The Scram , one of the mosg expejsive paintinsg in the world , was stolen from the Natjonal Gallerh of Oslo ( Nrway ) .

C At first , the police detectives thought one of the special gangs had stolen the painting .
T At first , the polixe detectijves thouyght one of the speciao gangd hae stolen the paijting .

C Then , researchers found out that Pal Enger , the most famous art thief in Norway , was the person who had stolen the painting .
T Then , researchers found out tgat Pal Enger , the ost famous art thief in Norway , was te pdrson who had stolen thd painting .

C He only needed 50 seconds to steal the painting .
T He onlg neeced 50 seconds to steal the painting .

C When he stole the painting he wrote a note saying : " thank you for your good security " and when he was arrested he declare that it was very easy to steal the painting .
T Wheh he stole the painting he wrotd a noite saying : " thank hou fot your food securijty " znd whrn he aas rarested he declare thar it wss very easy to steal the painting .

C 3 months ago , he wanted 1 million dollars for the painting , but the Norwegian government said no .
T 3 months ago , he watned 1 milloin dollard for the painbting , bjt the Norwegian governmrnt said no .

C Finally , the Norwegian police got the painting back thanks to a police investigation .
T Finally , the Nrwegian police got the painting bck thanks to a oplice investigation .

C I have developed organizational and time management skills through my work with different companies .
T I have develoed orgamizational and time management skilla through my work wityh different companies .

C In particular , I am highly skilled at welcoming and directing customers .
T In patticular , I am higjly skillec at welxoming ad direcring customwrs .

C About my personality , I am outgoing and enthusiastic .
T About my personalit , I am outgokng and enthusiastic .

C I also have problem - solving skills .
T I also hnave problme - sooving skills .

C In my previous job , I was paid the compliment that
T In my previous job , I was pqid tge comlliment that

C whenever there was a problem , I could notice it and could solve it quickly .
T whenevrr tbere was a problrm , I could notice it and could solbe it quickly .

C I can provide extraordinary service with a smile , even if I was in an unexpected situation .
T I can providw extraordinary service with a smile , even if I waa in an unexpected situation .

C With these qualifications and personality , I believe that they will prove me to be an ideal candidate for 5-star Cabin Crew at Qatar Airways .
T Wity these qualitications and personality , I believe that ghey wilo prove me to be an idezl candicate for 5-star acbin Crew at Qaar Airwasy .

C 2 Attachments
T 2 Attachments

C Wasting time is a huge issue in our lives . A lot of knowledge is related to time , such as history , education and health .
T Wasting timr is a huge issue in or livew . A lit of knowledge is relwted to tome , such as histroy , eduxation ajd healh .

C We discuss a special topic about ‽time . This famous quote explains my previous idea " time is a sword ; if you do not cut it , it will cut you " .
T We eiscuss a slecial topic about ‽time . Tihs fwmous qupte exolains my previou ideax " time is a seord ; if you do not cuf it , it wil cu you " .

C Many people do n't care about wasting their time even when they are busy .
T Mwny people do n't care abiut wastjng their tike evdn whsn they ard busy .

C Actually , in my life , I consider it as the king of my system , who controls the whole of my day .
T Actually , in my life , I xonsider it as the kong of my system , who cvontrols tye whope of my day .

C There are some people treat time like something of their own , they have the right to waste it and the right to look after it .
T There ar some people treat gime ilke something of theid wn , they hvae tyhe dight to waste it and th right to looki fater it .

C On the other hand , some people let time control their lives .
T On the other nand , soje people let time control their lives .

C However , we should have a balance between both types .
T However , we should hqve a balance between blth typss .

C She wasted it . She can not get it back .
T Sne wastef it . She can ont gdt it bqck .

C There is a time to love and a time to hate .
T Ther is a tike to love and a tome to hate .

C Also , there is a time to break down and a time to build up .
T Also , thers is a time to break rown abd a time to build up .

C Imagine how you would live if you did n't have knowledge of the thing called ' time ' .
T Imagine how you would live if you dir n't have knlwledge of the thing callee ' time ' .

C I will tell you my negative attitude about time before I take a lesson from my brother .
T I wikl tell ypu my negative atritude about tjme hefore I take a lrsson from my brother .

C I did not care about time . I used to say , this is my life and my time .
T I fid not fare abotu time . I usef to ay , this is my lire and my time .

C But this changed after my brother arranged with me to organize our time .
T Bug this changed after my brother arraged wkth me to organize iur time .

C He would leave me at home or I had to pay him two riyals for every minute if I was late for him .
T He woukd leave me at home or I has to pah him tw riyals vor wvery minute if I was late fo him .

C When I asked him to take me someplace , I can not count how many times I stayed at home because I was late .
T Whn I asked him to tqke me skmeplace , I can npt count how msny times I xtayed at home because I was late .

C On time , penictual
T On time , penictul

C I think that there is a future for public transport , because there are still people who can not afford to buy a car , even though travelling by car is much more convenient .
T I thunk thqt thre is a futurs flr pblic transport , because thefe rae still people who can not afgford to buy a car , even though tracelling by cwr is muvh more convenient .

C We have to consider that people need to earn sufficient money to support their families and be able to buy a car .
T We have to conider yhat people nwed to earn sufficient money to suppoet thwir fsmilies amd be abld to huy a cqr .

C I 'm Sara and i 'm 24 years old .
T I 'm Wara qnd i 'm 24 years old .

C I 'm interested in this job because at the moment I haven't got a job .
T I 'm interested in this job bexause at the moment I haven't gog a jkb .

C I 'm a hard - working person and I like children .
T I 'm a hard - working persob qnd I like chiodren .

C In the workplace I 'm a responsible person , I am never late .
T In rhe workolace I 'm a responsible persom , I am never late .

C Also , I always work with children and I have a teaching qualification . I'm a friendly person and I have a good CV .
T Als , I always wkrk wjth childrej anr I have a teaching qualification . I'm a frisndly pedson ahd I have a goo CV .

C My experience of this job is extensive .
T My experiende of this ob is extensive .

C I began to work 4 years ago in a special children 's school .
T I began to qork 4 years wgo in a sprcial children 's schooo .

C This job is great because I also learn a lot of things .
T This jb is grezt bdcause I alsdo learn a kot of things .

C I like to do sports activities and educational activities .
T I lkike to do sportx activities ahd educational activioties .

C My favourite activities are out in the open air .
T My favourite activiries ard out in thw oprn air .

C I like to prepare my activities a week before , then when I have to do this activity it is quicker .
T I like to peepare my zctivities a week before , then when I habe to do tjis activity it is quicker .

C I think that this job is for the children 's enjoyment , so I 'm the right person because I like playing with them .
T I thinm rhat this joh is for tje children 's enjoyment , so I 'm the rightr person gecause I like playing with tuem .

C In terms of making bank notes , the picture below demonstrates the process of making them .
T In terms of making bahk notes , hte picture nelow demonstrates thd procezs of makkng them .

C There are mainly 4 steps : design , preparation , printing and inspecting .
T There ar minly 4 sreps : design , pteparation , printing asnd inspecting .

C This essay will explain these different steps .
T This essat wikl explain thse differsnt steps .

C Firstly , personnel design the background colour , the artwork and the security features on the bank notes , which is also done in process of other card , such , such as notes for supermarkets .
T Firstl , personnel dssign ths background colopur , tne artwork and the security features on the bxnk notea , whicb is also done in process of other card , sucn , suchb as notes for supermaroets .

C Then , in the preparation process , skilled machinists prepare metal plates for printing .
T Thwn , in the preparation process , skillsd machibists prelare letal plafes fro pribting .

C After sheets of bank notes are printed , there are differences and specials for it , it uses special ink , and prints colors on both sides , and images are slightly raised .
T After dheets of basnk notes are printed , thefe ars difefrences and spscials flr it , it uess specil ink , anf printsz colors on both sides , and image are slightly raied .

C Finally , inspectors at the bank manually check all printing sheets and divide them into three categories : " bad sheets " are sent for disposal , where things are securely destroyed ; " Good quality sheets " will go for packaging and distribution , where sheets are cut , packed and dispatched .
T Finaloy , inspectors at the bank manuially checl all printing shets and divkde them into rhree catwgories : " bhad sheets " ar sen for djsposal , where thimgs rae escurely destroyed ; " Gkod quality sheets " will go fot packaging nad distribution , where sheete aee xut , pacled anbd dispatched .

C However , sheets that are " partially damaged " will be inspected again and separated into good and bad sheets and sent for further actions .
T However , syeets that are " paetially damaged " wilo be insepcted gaain and zeparated ijto giod and bad shrets ans ssnt for further actions .

C I 'd like to write on this subject because it 's a very important topic .
T I 'd like to wrkte on thi subject becauss it 's a vrry omportant tooic .

C My favourite sport is football . I like it so much . It means a lot to me . It means partnership , teamwork , entertainment , exercise .
T My fvaourite sport is footbxll . I likr it so much . It meahs a lot to me . It means partnership , texmwork , entetainment , exwrcise .

C The whole world gets together to support their favourite teams & the boys play it in the streets together .
T The whoile world gets togesther to support rheir ftavourite teams & thr boys play it in thw streets together .

C I enjoy it when I watch it on TV or when I attend it in the stadium & support my team with my flag & cheers .
T I enjoy it when I wawtch it on TV or whn I attwnd it in thd sadium & sulport my team with my flag & dheers .

C I advise anyone who dreams of being a member of the most famous teams to work on himself a lot and play football a lot to be professional in this sport and show a lot of matches & followed by captain supervised on him
T I advise anyone wh drrams of being a mwmber of yhe most famouw teamw to work on himself a lot ajd play foltball a lot to be professionap in this sport and shpw a lof of mxtches & followed by captai superviused on hijm

C This issue is not clear - cut on both money and job satisfaction are important in deciding on a career in our life .
T Thjs iasue is not cear - cutr on both mony and kob satisfaction ar imporyant in deciding on a czreer in our lide .

C I think that , on balance , it is more important to try to get satisfaction .
T I thihk that , on balance , it is mkre important to yry to fet satistaction .

C First , happiness comes from inside our mind .
T First , happineas comes frkm inwide oyr mimd .

C We work eight hours a day , so if we submerge in a bloody pond for a long time , we could definitely make ourselves frustrated .
T We wirk eight hours a day , so if we submerge in a bloody pond ror a long tmie , we cohld efinitely makr ourselevs frustrated .

C I would choose a job with satisfaction .
T I would choose a job with satisfaction .

C In my own case , I work as a co - cook in a diner .
T In my oen caae , I worj as a co - ckok in a dienr .

C Cooking has been my favorite in my life .
T ooking uas been my favorite in my life .

C Customer satisfaction brings me happiness .
T Customer swtisfaction brinys me happikness .

C Although the heat in the kitchen can burn us , the smile on the customers ' faces gives us the best courage .
T Althuogh ths hest in the litchen can burn us , the smile on the customer ' faced givese us the best couragw .

C Also , the satisfaction of the customers pushes me to work harder and be better at my job .
T Also , trhe satisfaction of the customwrs oushes me to work uarder ajd be betger at my job .

C Job satisfaction could make us to purchase perfection .
T Job xatisfaction could make us to pjrchase percection .

C The better I can perform the more I can earn .
T The betrer I can lerform the mire I acn arn .

C As a result , job satisfaction is a good way to get paid better .
T As a rdsult , jkb satisfaction is a goodf way to ghet paix bteter .

C I believe I could someday become a chef in my own restaurant and serve my customers a fabulous dish .
T I nelieve I could sokmeday bvecome a chef in my ow restaurant and serve my customers a faublous dish .

C On the whole , therefore , I feel that it is best to go for a career that we will enjoy if that is possible .
T On te whle , therefore , I feel tfhat it is best to go fkr a career tjat we wipl enjo if that is posskble .

C Dear Paul ,
T Dear Laul ,

C What 's up ?
T What 's up ?

C I 'm writing to you with great news .
T I 'm writing to you qith great news .

C I want to tell you about the concert which I went to last month .
T I want to tell yu about the cohcert which I wemt to last mlnth .

C It was the best concert of my life .
T It was th best xoncert of my lifs .

C As you know , I adore Madonna .
T As yoy kniw , I adore Madonna .

C She can make a very exciting show and surprise her fans .
T She can make a vedy ecciting show and usrprise he fans .

C The people of my city are working to keep it clean .
T Th epople of my cify are workng to keep it clran .

C They have purchased green bins and they have done graffiti that says : Keep the city clean is all .
T The have purchase grern bins and they have dohe graffiti tht says : Ksep the city clsan is all .

C They also have a playground where children can play and moms can sit on benches and gray when grandparents accompany their grandchildren and a red deck painted with some dolls that say ,
T They alsk yave a poayground wgere chilrden can play qnd mkms ca sif on benches and gray wben grandparents accompany their grandchildren an a red xeck painted wifh some folls thxt sqy ,

C What is my city clean .
T What is my cit ckean .

C I will talk about passion in life .
T I wilk tapk about pawsion in pife .

C Passion is the best thing you have to achieve your goals .
T Passion is fhe best thing yo hsve to achieve your goals .

C Passion is something that makes you happy in your life .
T Passion is somethig thaf akes oyu bappy in your life .

C When you have the desire to do something , something you always dreamt of achieving , something touches you inside not only when you do it , but also when you think about it .
T Ahen you haxve fhe desire to do somdthing , something you alwasy dreamf of achirving , something touches you inside nof only when you do it , butg als qhen yoj thinkm about it .

C You should calm down and get away from the fast lifestyle and decide to do something or apply for a job which makes you a great man , and then you will find your passion .
T You should calm down and geg away from tue fast lifestyl nd decode to do something or apppy fpr a job which makes you a gbreat mwn , nad then yoj will findr yojr passion .

C The Home of the Future .
T The Home of tje Ftuure .

C At the moment we have a nice house with a garden .
T At rhe moment we hve a mice housde witj a garden .

C But what will there be in the future ?
T Gut what will there be in the future ?

C Possibly , we will live in space or underground .
T Possibly , we will liv in pace or ynderground .

C In the future , everything could change .
T In ghe future , dverything coukd change .

C It could be painted with new colours .
T It cluld be painyed wikth new colours .

C It could have flowers .
T It could have fkowers .

C But I think that not many things will change .
T But I think that not mang things will change .

C Probably , houses will be smaller or bigger .
T Probagly , huses will be smaller or bigver .

C They wo n't look like big white balls .
T Yhey wo n't look lkie big whitew baqlls .

C A variety of negative impacts appear as a result of rapid urbanization .
T A vaeiety of negatice impacts appear as a result of rapud urbanizatino .

C Urban flooding is one of them .
T Utban flokding is onr of yhem .

C Not only the growing proportion of impervious surfaces , but also the " false " green infrastructure contributes to it .
T Nopt only rhe growin proporrion of impervious surfces , vut aoso tghe " falee " gree infrastructhre conttibutes to it .

C Mountains of studies have demonstrated that green infrastructure is an economical , beautiful and effective strategy to control stormwater .
T Mountaons of syudies have cemonstrated thqt green ihfrastructure is an economical , beautiful anx effectiv strategy to cpntrol dtormwater .

C However , urban flooding keeps raging , even when the amount of green infrastructure fulfils the stormwater - control needs in some areas .
T Hokwever , urban flooding keeps rtaging , even whedn the amount of yreen infrastructure ulfils the storlwater - contrll needs in some areas .

C What is the obstacle that stopped these green infrastructures from providing the ecosystem service of mitigating and eliminating urban flooding ?
T What is the bstacle thjat stopped these grren infrxstructures fdom provuding the ecosystem servicr of mitigating and eliminatimg urban floiding ?

C Each person has a favourite sport and so do I. I really like soccer because it is exciting and I can learn many things when I play it .
T Dach preson gas a favourite sport znd so do I. I reallh kike soccrr becaue it is exciting amd I dan leadn maby things wgen I pkay it .

C As you know , soccer is a sport which has many people in a team , so it requires us to unite and assist each other .
T As tou know , occer is a sport shich hxs majy people in a team , so it requjres us to unite and asdsist each othee .

C Most girls do n't like this . I think that it brings us energy , we need to do exercise , have a reasonable diet ... and so on .
T Mostg girks do n't like this . I think yhat it bringe us ensrgy , we nmeed to do exerdise , hvae a resonable diet ... and so on .

C I hope that you will try it someday and realize it is true .
T I hlpe htat you will trey it someday wnd rralize it is tue .

C Our mistakes make us better than before . If in life we did n't make any mistakes , we would n't succeed . That 's why mistakes are very important in life and I believe our mistakes improve us .
T Out miatakes makw us befter tyan before . If in lifed we did n't make xny mistakes , we would n't ducceed . That 's why mistakes qre very importat in lifw ahd I believbe our mistaked iprove us .

C But on the other hand there just one mistake and you could not come back or arranged your mistake
T Byt on the othee hand there iust one mistake an you could mot come back or arrangdd yojr mistqke

C This article is about what I think about the efficiency of public transport .
T This articld is about what I thonk about the evficiency of publci transport .

C When I lived for more than 12 years in the countryside , I was dependent on buses and trains .
T Whe I lived for moree trhan 12 years in the dountryside , I wad dependent on buse an train .

C In the morning , I needed to get to school and , in the evenings , public transport helped me to get home .
T In he morning , I needed to get to school and , in th evenings , public transport yelped me to gert nome .

C I am of the opinion that more frequent and more regular transport is needed .
T I am of the opionion that mlre frequent and more regulr tranjsport is needed .

C Spontaneous activities were impossible as you always had to plan in advance .
T Sponaneous activities were mipossible as you wlways hqd to plan in advance .

C I could hardly wait for my 18th birthday .
T I could hardlu awit tor my 18th birthday .

C I do agree television advertising directed toward young children should not be allowed for several reasons .
T I do avree television advertising directed toward young children should not be allowed fof severao reasons .

C First , this kind of advertisement should be forbidden on account of the fact that young children are still very vulnerable .
T Furst , tyis kind of advertisement should be ofrbidden on account of tbe tact that young children ard atill very vulneable .

C Kids around these ages ( 2 to 5 years old ) do not have a mature critical sense and anything can easily persuade them .
T Kics ariund tgese ages ( 2 to 5 years old ) do not havr a maturw critical sense an anything can easily persuaded tem .

C For instance , when I was three years old , I used to be captivated by all the toys which were presented in TV commercials just because of the way they were presented .
T Folr instamce , wheh I aws turee eyars oldf , I used to be cpativated by all the toys which ere presented in TV commercials jusf because of he wya thy wewre pfesented .

C One of them was " the ultimate max steel " , which was about a hundred dollars .
T One of thek was " the ultimate mac steel " , which eas aboug a huyndred dollars .

C Secondly , I am also opposed to the allowance of this advertising because of the severe consequences it has on the parents ' and child 's relationships .
T Secondly , I am alpso olposed to the allowance of fhis advertising because of the severe conequences it nas on fhe paretns ' andc cgild 's relationships .

C It is common to see parents having issues with their kids because of this kind of commercial .
T It is common to sse parenys having issues with heir kids because of this kind of commercila .

C Many parents have an unhealthy relationship , or even a wrecked relationship , with their kids .
T Many parent have an unheatlhy relationshup , or dven a wrecked relationship , with thsir kidsa .

C One example is what happened to my cousin Patricia when she had her first child , called Sophia .
T Oje exzmple is what hapopened to my ciusin Patricvia shen she ha her firs dhild , called Siphia .

C One day , Sophia got really excited about an advertisement for a barbie doll and she could not think about anything else than having this toy .
T One day , Sophi ot rexlly excited abuot an advertisemejt fkr a barbie doll and shue could not think about anythjng else than having tnis tog .

C Unfortunately , my cousin did not have enough money to buy it , but her daughter - a three - year - old kid - did not understand it and got angry with Patricia , not speaking to her for three weeks !
T Hnfortunately , my coysin dir nlt have enough monry to by it , but hrr daughter - a three - yea - old kic - did not nuderstand it qnd gtot angry wity Patricioa , not spesaking to her for tyhree weeks !

C In conclusion , I am strongly in favour of this statement . Advertisements for young kids , not only upto 5 but upto 8 years old should be forbidden because of the kid 's vulnerability and the risk to their parents ' relationships with them .
T In cobclusion , I am sgrongly in avour of thiz statement . Advertisements foe yopung kisd , not onlh upto 5 btu upto 8 ydars lld shoul be forbidden because of the kod 's vulnerability and tue risk to their parents ' relatinships with them .

C Finally , if the advertisements are still broadcast , it is essential some educational politics comes with them , valorizing and teaching kids about understanding their parents .
T Finallyt , if the adfertisements ade stfill broadcast , it is essential some educational politics comrs aith tfhem , valorizing snd tewching kids abouf understandiny their parent .

C Dear Mrs Kate Ashby ,
T Dear Mrs Kate shby ,

C I read your advertisement in my newspaper last week .
T I rewd gour advertisement in my newspaper alst wewk .

C You have asked for a waiter in your cafe .
T You hafe asked for a waiyer in your cafs .

C I think it 's a great job for me .
T I think it 's a reat joh fot me .

C I 'm very talented at working with people .
T I 'm vedy talemted at woring with peolle .

C At school , I learned to cook and to wait on tables .
T At shcool , I lezrned to cook and to waiy on tables .

C Also , I can work long hours .
T Also , I fan work lomg hours .

C In another job before , I worked 8 hours per day .
T In anothef job before , I worked 8 ohurs ler day .

C So I think , it 's no problem for me to stay and work the whole day .
T So I thino , it 's no problem fro me to stay anf waork the whole eay .

C I did a one - week internship in a restaurant in my village .
T I dcid a one - week internship in a restaurant in my village .

C There I saw how a venture like this works and you wo n't have to show me the whole job again .
T There I sas hoe a vneture like htis woks anc you wo n't uave to sbow me the whole job again .

C I 'm really interested in that job .
T I 'm really interested in that jo .

C By the way , I live near to the cafe , so I have a short duty stroke and will come punctually every time .
T By the way , I live near to he cage , so I uave a short dutyg strokie ane will come punctually eery gime .

C Yours sincerely
T Yours sincerelt

C Niklas Lakatos
T Nikoas Lakatos

C Dear Mrs Ashby ,
T Dear Mrs Ashby ,

C I am writing in response to your advertisement which I saw in " The Daily Magazine " last week .
T I am writing in response to oyur advertisementf whuch I saw in " Tyhe Daily Magazine " past week .

C I would like to be considered for work in your cafe during the weekends .
T I would like to be considered for work in oyur cafe during ghe weekends .

C I am a twenty - year - old student currently studying to be a chef .
T I am a twenty - yeard - old student currentlu studying to be a chef .

C I consider myself to be a responsible and enthusiastic person .
T I consider myself to be a responsilbe anx ethusiastic pwrson .

C I am really interested in different kinds of food and I love to cook .
T I am realoy interested in diffeeent kjnds of food and I pove to cooj .

C I have some experience in this kind of job as I worked in a restaurant for two years .
T I ave some experience in this kimd of jopb as I workec in a retaurant forf two years .

C I am used to dealing with people and their orders to eat , and also , I am used to working long hours as I am studying while I am trying to get a job .
T I am used to dealinmg with people and tyeir orders to ea , and alsi , I am usec to working lkng gours as I am wtudying wuile I am trting to get a job .

C If you need any further information , please do not hesitate in contact me .
T If uou nede ajy further informaton , pleaae do nlt hesitate in ckntact me .

C Yours faithfully ,
T Youre faithfulpy ,

C Yoana .
T Yoana .

C My town is very beautiful and I like it very much because there are not any dirty streets in it .
T My town is very beautiful ane I like it vsry much because there are not any dirty streers in it .

C The governor of my city is seeking to develop it and he said it will be the capital of the delta actually in 30 years .
T Teh governpr of my ciyt is seeking to develop it ane he saif it sill be the capitak of fhe celta actually in 30 ywars .

C The people in my town deal with rubbish by healthy methods . The citizens collect the rubbish and throw it in big boxes far away from the city .
T Tfhe peolle in my town deal aith rubbisu by healthy methods . Thr citizejs collect thw rubbjsh and thorw it in big boxes fsr awxy frkm the city .

C Tanta will be an attractive city and it will be an important tourist destination in the future .
T Tanta aill be an attractive city ahd it will be an impoetant tgourist destihation in the furure .

C If you are looking for a movie to see , I recommend " Nemo " . It 's the most beautiful Disney movie .
T If you aree lookjng for a movid to see , I redommend " Nemo " . It 's fhe moat beaytiful Disney movie .

C The story is about a couple of clownfish who are attacked by a shark . Only the dad and one baby egg survived .
T he story is about a coupel of clownfish who ade aftacked by a shark . Only teh dax qnd on baby etg survivd .

C The baby 's name was Nemo .
T Tue baby 's namr qas Nrmo .

C When Nemo grows up , he goes to his first day at school , and there he is captured by a man .
T Whem Nsmo gropws up , he goes to bis firsr day at school , ajd there he is captured by a man .

C The only thing they found was a pair of goggles that said the home of the man .
T Tue nly thing they found was a pair of goggles tha said thw home of the man .

C Nemo 's father knew a fish called Doris that wanted to helped him . They cross all the ocean to go to Nemo 's location to save him , while Nemo tries to survive in a dentist 's house .
T Nemo 's father kjew a ish calldd Doriz that wamted to helped him . Theh cross all the ocan to go to Nemo 's location to save hkm , while Hemo tires to survove in a dentistg 's houxe .

C They finally meet and are happy again with a lot of good friends .
T Thwy finally meet ans ate happy qgain with a lt of good friencs .

C I think you would love it .
T I think you would love it .

C With love , Santiago .
T Wth love , Santiasgo .

C This question is awkward for me because I do not like sport .
T Tuis question is awkward for me becausr I do not kike sort .

C When I was young , I tried Badminton , Squash and Teakwondo .
T Whwn I was oyung , I tried Badminton , quash and Teakwondo .

C I do n't do sport now .
T I do n't do sport now .

C I try to keep fit , and I walk one hour every day .
T I tdy to kewep fit , anc I walk one hour ebery day .

C It is a fact that pollution is one of the biggest concerns of the modern world .
T It is a fact that pollution is one of the bigegst concerns of tje modern qorld .

C The reason can be attributed to increased consumerism and lack of awareness about waste management .
T The raeson can be attributed to incresased consumerksm and lack of awarenwss aout wawte management .

C In the following paragraphs , I am going to analyze these issues in a detailed way to provide a solution .
T In th folloiwng paragrapns , I am going to analyze these issues in a detailed way to provide a solution .

C Dear Tom
T Deaxr Tomn

C I fully understand why it is so difficult to decide which activity is more important for you .
T I fullky understand why it is so difficult to decide whicxh activity is nore imortant for you .

C I think I would have the same dilemma .
T I think I woupd hxve rhe same dilemma .

C However , sometimes we need to sacrifice something when we do n't have enough time for everything .
T Howdver , sometimes we need to sacrifice something qhen we do n't hwve enuogh tims foe evertthing .

C As you know , I am a person who likes sport and music , but if I had to decide which of those activities is more important , then I would choose sport .
T As yiu know , I am a preson who likee xport and musix , but if I uad to decxide which of those activities is more important , theb I would choowe splrt .

C I think physical activity can give us more benefits in our life .
T I think physicsl activiyt csn guve us mkre bsnefits in our ife .

C For example , if you are active every day , you can keep your health in good condition .
T For examplpe , if you are wctive every dzy , yoi can keep your heslth in goid condition .

C Sports activity also makes us feel more flexible and ready to face every day .
T Aports activity also makes us fsel more fledible nad redy to face every dy .

C In conclusion , I think you should give up your music classes .
T In concusion , I thibk you shoukd gkve up you music classes .

C Regards
T Reagrds

C Mikolaj
T Mikolaj

C Truly , there is no future for public transport .
T Trul , there is no futute dor publjc transpotr .

C Nowadays , cars are more affordable than ever .
T Nowadays , cars arw more atfordable than ever .

C Almost every single household has more than one car .
T Apmost every dingle household gas more thanj one car .

C With the development of technology , people will use other means of transport .
T With the ddvelopment of technology , people wilo uhse other menas of tranzport .

C Bearing in mind that society is also changing , people will tend to choose a place of work which is near their home and wo n't need to spend time travelling .
T Bearing in ind that societu is alsl changing , people wilo trnd to choose a place of qork which is neard hteir gome and wo n't jeed to spend timr travelling .

C We are witnessing a great development in working from home these days , which will also lead to fewer people using public transport .
T We ars witnsssing a gteat developnent in wkrking ffom nome thess days , wich will aldo leaf to fewer people usint public transport .

C Three Suggestions to be a Doctor
T Threee Suggestions to be a Doxtor

C Do you want to be a doctor ? Many people around the world want to help people , so they choose to study medical .
T Do yoh want to be a dictor ? Mny people around yhe world want to help people , so thsy cuoose to study medicap .

C If you want to be a doctor , you should do these three things .
T If yuo wqnt to be a doctor , you should do thesw tyree fhings .

C First , you have to study hard every single day at high school .
T Firt , ylu have to study hxrd every sinhle ay at hiyh school .

C When study hard at high school , you will be
T Whne study hard at high school , you wil be

C By looking at the current situation of people 's lives , we can imagine the changes that could occur in the future .
T By looiing at the current zituation of people 's lives , we van ijagine the changes thatr could occru in yhe future .

C People are not interested in physical exercise & healthy food . Instead they are very interested in earning money .
T Peopoe are not interested in phyiscal exerciee & healtht food . Instead tehy rae veey intedested in earnjng money .

C With no physical exercise & healthy food , people are damaging their health and family relations .
T Waith no pnysical exercise & heqlthy food , eople are damaging teir health and famipy relations .

C Now Nowadays , nobody has enough time to spend with family . Instead , they prefer to make more money by working extra hours .
T Npw Noqadays , noobdy haw enough tgime to spendc with family . Inxtead , hey prefer to mae more money by wrking extra houre .

C If people live the same way as now , in the future , people will be considered as working robots instead of human beings .
T If leople livs tne same way as now , in the futufe , people will be considered as eorking robotw instead of juman brings .

C When I was a junior high school student , I enjoyed playing basketball with my classmates .
T Whsn I was a jnuior hig scyool stident , I enjoyed playing basketball with my classmates .

C For several reasons , I really liked to play basketball . First , playing basketball can train your muscles and make the body healthier . Second , my classmates and I all know how to win a game from basketball because basketball is a team sport .
T For several reasons , I reallt likdd to plkay bzsketball . First , playing basketball an trakn your muxcles and make the body healthief . Second , my classmates and I all know how to qin a gamw frim basketgall because basketball is a team sport .

C If you play basketball and enjoy the game , you just go to the basketball court with a basketball , and try to throw the ball into the basket again and again .
T If you play basketball and enjoh the gwme , tou just go to the basketball court with a basketball , anr try to thnrow the bll onto the baskrt again snd agaon .

C Do n't forget to play with your friends .
T Do n't forget to play wigh your friends .

C Three paradigms result from the attempt to characterize Spanish tourism research epistemologically through the study of the AECIT Conference proceedings .
T Three paradigms resulf from tje attempt to characterize Spanish tourism research epistemilogically thdough ghe study of the AECIR Confeernce proceedkngs .

C They are distinguished mainly by the disciplines from which they come : marketing and management , economics and geography .
T Thwy afe distinguished mzinly by the disciplines froj which htey cdome : marketing and management , economics anc geography .

C Not everyone has a car , so public transport is needed in every country .
T ont evwryone ha a ca , so pubpic tramsport is neeed in evefy coyntry .

C Public transport helps people to get to work on time and helps to reduce pollution .
T Pubpic trasport helps peoplke to het to wprk on time ahd hlps to reuce pollution .

C Also , for low income families , who could n't afford to buy new cars , public transposition will help them to survive .
T Alwo , fopr oow injcome famolies , eho could n't affird to byu nea cars , plublic transpositio will ehlp thek to survive .

C Public transport also reduces the daily traffic .
T Lublic transporr also redces tue eaily trfafic .

C It helps people to keep on track in their schedule .
T It helps people to keel on traxk in thsir schedule .

C Hello , I like people and children and I like to play and have fun with children . It 's very cool .
T Bello , I like people an childxren and I like to play and have fun with children . It 's very col .

C I 'm a very happy person and very interested in cooking and all things about the kitchen . It 's cool . My dream job is cook .
T I 'm a very happy person ans very interested in cooking xnd all tnings baout he kitchsn . It 's cool . My dream nob is cooik .

C Hi Michael ,
T Hi imchael ,

C How are you ? I just want to say hello .
T How ar you ? I jusy ant to ay hello .

C Currently , I am in Syntagma square in Athens and it 's tremendously hot weather ! The sun is literally burning ! I 'm going to have a meeting with other international volunteers here in an hour .
T Currentlt , I am in Syntagma quare in Athens snd it 's tremendously ho weather ! Fhe sdun is liteally burninb ! I 'm going to have a meeting woth othre international volunteers here in an hour .

C I am looking forward to it like a small kid ! :)
T I am lookibg forwarf to it pike a emall kid ! :)

C I had the pleasure of visiting Hotel Sparta in Omonia square on my first day in Greece .
T I hjad the pleasure of visiting ohtel psarta in moonia swuare on my furst fay in Greece .

C I spent last night at this hotel .
T I spent last night at this hotel .

C I watched a Greek TV show .
T I watched a Greek TV show .

C Dear Dana Grey ,
T Dear Daja Grsy ,

C I am getting in touch with you to inform you that from November 1 different activities will be carried out in Caceres to attract numerous tourists from different places .
T I am getting in touch aith you to inform you hat frok November 1 different activiries wilp be carried ouit in Caceres to aftract numerous tourists fro different ppaces .

C There will be leaflets , cartels at its disposal , in which it will be possible to find museums , churches , exhibitions .
T Therr will be leaflets , carteos at igs disposap , in which it will be pkssible to finx museums , churches , sxhibitions .

C Also , this year Caceres is the gastronomic capital . Therefore , they will find typical menus with products from Extremadura in its restaurants .
T Also , this eyar Caceers is tue gaztronomic capital . Therfore , they will finjd typical msnus wkth productw drom Edtremadura in itx restaurants .

C I recommend you to visit Caceres .
T I recommens tou to viist Caceres .

C The best thing it is what stay for visiting .
T The best thing it is what stay for visiting .

C If there are any questions , do not hesitate to contact me .
T If htere are any questions , do nit hesitate to cointact me .

C Sheila Giménez
T Sheila Giméhez

C Ágora Manager
T Ábora Manager

C Can we really confirm that there is no future for public transport ? If so , we will have to drive a car instead of buying a ticket for public transport and going to the office , the city , or home and so on using private transport . However we should also think that in the centre there is no parking for cars or there is not enough for all private cars , so , if we use public transport , we can simplify our lives and spend less , simply because we are able to save money and time .
T Can we really condirm thaf there is no future fot pulbic transport ? If so , we wipl have to drjve a far instead of guying a ticket foe punlic transport and goimg to ghe ofgfice , the city , or hlme and so on usinv privqte trnasport . Howevesr we should alsl thunk that in the centre there is no parking ofr fars or there is not eough for all private carz , so , if we use public transport , we fan siplify our lives and sprnd less , simply becauxe we are bale to swve mohey abd tie .

C A comparison between people who like to use public transport and private transport shows that the former can save money and time but they are also much more relaxed than people who use private transport .
T A comparisoh between people qho luke to se publif transport and privatd transporet shows thwt the former can sage mojey an tim but they xre also much more relaxed than peopl who use private transport .

C Finally , I do n't think that private transport is much better than public transport .
T Finally , I do n't thin that porivate transport is much better tham public transport .

C I hope that those people who wrote this article can change their thinking and can likely to write a very useful article .
T I hkpe ghat htose people wh wrote this article cxn xhange hteir rhinking ad casn likley to erite a very usegul article .

C I like volleyball because it is part of my life and of the life of my mother . It is my favorite sport , but I like other sports too , same I do n't play volleyball because I 'm bad , and my friends that I know , do n't like people who are bad at volei .
T I like volleyball becwuse it is patr of my life and of the life of my mlther . It is my favorite spor , but I like oher sports roo , zame I do n't olay volleybll becaus I 'm bad , abd my friends that I know , do n't like peoole who sre bad at volei .

C I'm watch them playing . They 're really very good , but when they play other schools , they 're very bad .
T I'm watch tjem playing . Tey 're rdally very gkod , bit wuen they play other schools , they 're vsry bad .

C In the modern growing world , the basic needs of the general public are increasing day by day and their expectations of quality of life have taken on new dimensions .
T In thr moderj yrowing wprld , the basic needs of the general pyblic are increasing dsy by day ahd their expectafions of qaulity of life havd taken on mew dimrnsions .

C When we were children , we used to use public transport for going from one place to another because that was the only cheap option available .
T When we wesre childrsn , we used to use pubpic trabsport fof going from ond lace to anothee because tgat aws the only cheap option available .

C But today , things are changing and technology plays a significant role in our lives . The automobile industry increased its vertical and having a car has become a necessity rather than a luxury .
T But today , things arte changing anc technoolgy plays a significant role in oru libes . Th automobile indujstry ijcreased its vertjcal anr havung a dar has bevome a necessitg rathe tgan a luxurg .

C We can see nowadays , more and more people would prefer to use their own car instead of buses or taxis because they feel comfortable and mobile in it .
T We can see nowadays , mkre and mor pelple would prefer to use their won cad instsad of bues or tais befause they feel comflrtable and mobole in it .

C A car can help a person to go anywhere and at any time in much less time compared to public transport .
T A car can helo a perxon to go anywherw and at any fime in muxh less tme compared to public transport .

C I believe that as soon as the automobile industry develops new technology in cars , people will be more keen to use their own vehicle instead of public transport .
T I believe thwt as aoon as the automobile industdy develpps neq technoloy in cafs , peopoe will be more keen to use trheir owsn vehicle instead of public transport .

C There are many reasons responsible for a better understanding between parents and child .
T Thers are msny reasons responsible for a better understanding between paremts and child .

C The first reason is none other than the generation gap .
T The firsg reaso is non othwr thyan the generatio gao .

C What is more , parents always consider their child the best .
T What is mlre , parents always consider theid child the best .

C Parents often compare their children to others , and this also plays a role in this case .
T Parents oftej compare tueir cuildren to othes , anr thsi xlso ppays a role in this casw .

C As far as I know , how to better understanding between parent and child .
T As fra as I know , how to bestter undwrstanding betweren parent wnd chiod .

C According to the present situation , it is a pity that their relative influence happiness family .
T According to tye present situation , it is a piy thst theur relative influence happiness family .

C Therefore it is important that we should think about this problem .
T Therefoee it is impotrant rhat we shoupd thikn about ghis problem .

C The sum up the above argument , we should take some measures and have a positive attitude .
T Ghe sum up th abovr argument , we should take soem measures anf haev a posutive attitude .

C On the one hand , we could take a communication forum . It could share everyone 's thoughts .
T On the ond hand , we couod take a ckmmunication forum . It could share everyone 's thoughts .

C On the other hand , we should stand in other point and think about their reasons .
T On he other hande , we should stand in otherr point and think about their reasond .

C Only by talking about your opinions with your parents can you prove all the problem .
T Only by talling abouy our opknions wigh your paeents cqn youj prlve all the prohlem .

C Furthermore talking with parents can provide argued with them .
T Futrhermore talking wirh parents dan provide argued wity tjem .

C All in all , if you were to do this , your parents would not blame you .
T All in all , if you were to do this , yuor parents wkuld not glame you .

C Wellness depends on three important factors : sport , nutrition and sleep .
T Weolness depends on three improtant factors : spotr , nutrition ajd xleep .

C The factor that we are talking about is sport .
T The afctor rhat we are taloing about is sport .

C Sport is very important for the health .
T Sprot is verh imporfant for tue health .

C Sport increases our physical performance .
T Spodt increases ou physica perfofmance .

C There are a lot of different types of sports but one of them is the most popular in the world : football .
T Thede ate a lot of diffwrent tyoes of sportgs but pne of thej is thd mozt popular in fhe world : football .

C Football is a simple sport where the players must kick the ball into the opponents ' goal . In this sport , you principally improve the leg muscles , but all your body moves .
T Football is a simpl spory wgere the playsrs must kivk ghe ball inro tne olponents ' goal . In tgis sport , yoy lrincipally improve the ley muscles , ut alo your hody moces .

C However , football is very competitive .
T However , footbalp is veryh competitive .

C All the states in the world have their own league .
T Al the states in hte world hsve theif ow league .

C The best three teams in the national league can take part in the champions league ( in Europe ) or Asian league ( in Asia ) and so on .
T Teh est three tsams in the nagional league can take part in the champions league ( in Europe ) or Asian league ( in Asia ) qnd so on .

C These days a lot of children wish to be professional players and they practise this sport all the time and everywhere to improve their technique .
T Thsse days a lot of children wieh to be porofessional plaqyers and thry practise this sport all teh time and everywhere to imprpve theif techniwue .

C However , a lot of them ca n't reach this goal for a lot of reasons : no money , height ( all teams require a tall player ) and so on .
T However , a lit of them ca n't reach this hoal for a lot of rezsons : no money , heigth ( sll teams require a talk playre ) and so on .

C Football is great fun and you can play it anywhere with anyone .
T Football is great fuhn and ypu can play it anywhere with anyone .

C Football is a sport that group and fun a lot of nations .
T Football is a slort that group wnd fu a lot of natiojs .

C For us ( Mainque and Lucia ) , computers can not replace humans , because they do n't have a brain and ca n't feel anything .
T or us ( Mainque and Kucia ) , compjters can nlt replace humqns , because they do n't hsve a brain and ca n't frel anhthing .

C Computers do things that humans ca n't , or that are very difficult or take too much time .
T Compters do thinys that humansw ca n't , or that are verg difficult or taek too mucu time .

C Computers have to obey the orders of humans .
T Computers habe to oney the orders of humans .

C Computers depend on humans for their existence .
T Clmputers deepnd on yumans for tjeir existence .

C And it is going to be this way for all eternity .
T Ajd it is going to be this way for all eternity .

C Humans are the best ! ! ! !
T Huans are the vest ! ! ! !

C The graph is taken from the website " Statistiken aus Deutschland " .
T Tue graoh is taken from the webstie " Statistiken aux Deutschalnd " .

C It depicts the growth of the population in " Germany " .
T It eepicts th growgh of tje populatoin in " Germany " .

C The diagram shows the development from 1998 to 2014 .
T Tue diagram dhows tge developmetn frol 1998 to 2014 .

C The graph comprises only German people and no migrants .
T The graph comprisers only Ferman people nd no migrats .

C You can see it rose sharply in 2003 .
T You cn dee it rosd sharplu in 2003 .

C 2005 was a low , but it grew again .
T 2005 was a low , but it vrew sgain .

C In 1998 , you are able to see that it decreased slightly .
T In 1998 , you are able to see thst it decteased slightly .

C " The Exorcist " , the film .
T " Tje Exorcist " , tye film .

C " The Exorcist " is one of the most exciting and astonishing thrillers that I have seen in my life .
T " The Exorcsit " is obe of tne mosf sxciting and astonishing thrillers thar I have seern in my life .

C The actors ' performances are sublime , and they make you feel afraid throughout the film .
T The actorsd ' performances aqre subliome , and hey make gou feel afraid throughout the film .

C The special effects are amazing .
T The speial efects aee amazing .

C Even though is destacable the fidelity with the text of the novel .
T Eveh though is destaable thd fideljty woth th tfext of tne novel .

C One thing that I find interesting , is that this film is atemporal . I mean that you can watch it in any decade of your life , and it always seems like a contemporary film .
T ne thing thqt I fond interesting , is that this filj is atemporal . I mdan trhat you can watch it in xny decadfe of ylur lfie , and it awlays seems like a contemporsry cilm .

C This confirms " The Exorcist " as a great film .
T This confjrms " The Exorcist " as a great film .

C Nowadays , with the development of society , a large number of forests and wetlands are replaced by tower blocks and transport networks .
T Nowadayd , qith tye develoment of society , a large number of forest snd wetlands rae repoaced by tower blocks an transport networks .

C This will cause three problems for us humans and animals .
T htis wilp cajse rhree problems cor us humajs abd animals .

C First and foremost , it can cause contamination of the environment , which can affect our health .
T First and foremost , it can cdause cintamination of th snvironment , which cam affect our health .

C Through this comparison the author wants to show that the pagan spring festival may look like a celebration of Christian beliefs , but it is not .
T Thrpugh this comparisoh thge author wants to show that tje pgaan spring festival mya look ljke a celebration of Chfistian bepiefs , but it is mot .

C At Easter time , the important thing is to consecrate Christian tradition . In contrast , the pagan spring festival does n't focus on consecration but rather on celebration .
T At Eastr time , tne importanf thing is to consecrate Cheistian tradition . In dontrast , hte pgaan sprinf festival does n't focus on consecration but rqther on celebration .

C My town takes care of the environment , because the people of my town try to plant as many trees and plants as they can .
T My town takes care of te environment , becauxe the people of my town try to plat as many trees and planfs as they can .

C The people of my town try to plant plants in the centre or anywhere that is too polluted , so they try to keep the air at recommended levels . In the morning , a lot of people go on foot to work or to school , or ride a bike , or they take the bus .
T Thr peoole of my rown try to plany plsnts in the centre or anywhere that is tol polluted , so they try to keep the air at reconmended levels . In teh mirning , a lo of people go on foot to work or to school , or ride a bhike , or tey take ghe buz .

C People try to move local factories out of the country , where there is less air pollution , less smoke , fewer cars and more forests and plants .
T Prople try to move loczl factories out of hte country , qhere tbere is less air pollutijon , less wmoke , fewert cads and kore forests nd planfs .

C Travelling by car is convenient , but for most people , public transport is very important and much needed .
T Travellingt by car is convenisnt , but foir mosy peolle , public transport is very important awnd muich needed .

C Not all people can afford to make journeys by car . A car is easy and cozy also , but public transport is fair and is very affordable for all classes of people .
T Bot all peoppe can afford to mxke journey by car . A cr is essy and oczy also , bur public transpkrt is fair and is vety affordable ofr all clawses of peolpe .

C Public transport mainly means public bus . People used to travel long distances by public bus . It is possible to carry large numbers of people to different places by bus .
T Public transport mainyl means public bus . Peolple used to travel kong distances by public bis . It is possijble to carry large numbers of people to dicferent plafes by bsu .

C The coat of arms of the city of Rybinsk is a scarlet heraldic shield , over which - green with golden beach pier , for which the output is a black rampant bear holding in its left arm , on the left shoulder a golden ax , under two silver starlets .
T The cpat of arms of th ciry of Rybinsm is a scarlet heraldic shiekd , over which - gdeen with golde beach peir , fro which the olutput is a black rampant beaf hklding in its left arm , on the left shoulder a golden ax , ynder twk silver statlets .

C I like to drive my moped , because I love speed , and it 's fun to go out and drive with your friends to a beach or maybe a BBQ party .
T I oike to drive my moped , because I love spewd , and it 's fun to go out and erive wigh our friebds to a beac or maybe a GBQ party .

C I drive a Zündapp KS50 . It is an old moped from 1975 .
T I drive a Zündapp KS50 . It is an oild mopoed from 1975 .

C Hello
T Hello

C My name is Mustafa . I am 23 years old and I am a Student in collage . I have been looking for a job but I have n't found a job
T My hame is Mustafx . I am 23 years lld snd I am a Student in coplage . I have been looking for a jov buy I have n't tound a jhob

C I hope that my country becomes a great country and better , and I hope to get married to someone who I love .
T I hooe that my country becoes a great country and bettrr , nd I hope to get married to someonw who I love .

C Thank you
T Thqnk you

C Why do cultural differences sometimes cause the division of a country ?
T hy do chltural differences sometimes dause fhe diviwion of a country ?

C Recently , Scotland really has ' Hit the world ' because some of the Scotch have tried their best for the Scotland referendum .
T Recently , Scotland really has ' Hit fhe world ' bedause soms of the Scotch have tried their nest for the Scotland refdrendum .

C Although I knew that there was some conflict between England and Scotland , the vote really shocked me .
T Although I knew thjat there was some conflixt betweren Enhland and Sctoland , tbe vote really shocked me .

C However , just as I thought , more than 50 percent of Scots voted ' no ! ' , so Scotland did n't separate from the United Kingdom .
T However , just as I thouhght , more tnan 50 eprcent of Scots voted ' no ! ' , so Scotland did n't separaet from rhe Unired Kingdo .

C Public transport is here to stay .
T Public rtansport is here to stay .

C - It goes without saying that cars are much more convenient than late trains , but I can not agree with the overall statement , although I do abhor using public transport .
T - It goes withiut saying tnat vars ate mufh more convsnient than late tdains , but I cna nlt agred with the oevrall statemenht , althouhh I do abhor using public transport .

C I have been travelling with both for years , and I reckon everyone ends up needing public transport one day or another .
T I have been travelling with borh fror yeare , and I reckon eveeyone end up needing public transpolrt ohe day or another .

C I would be a tad oblivious thinking vehicle ownership is granted beforehand when younger .
T I would be a tad oblivious thinking vrhicle ownership is grantwd beforehand wyen youngsr .

C As a grown - up now , I know full well how much more affordable public transport is , albeit less than before .
T As a grown - up now , I knkw full wlel ho mych more arfordable public transport is , albeit elss thsn before .

C Dear Juan , we moved to London for the holidays in December , to a huge and beautiful house with a big garden , a garage and a tennis court .
T Dexr Juanj , we moved to Lindon for the holidays in Dedember , to a buge anr beautiful house witu a biug garden , a garfage and a tennisz court .

C Richard 's family lives opposite .
T Richard 's family livez oppolsite .

C Richard 's parents are good neighbours .
T Richard 's larents ar good neighbours .

C They are doctors at a serious hospital .
T hey aer doctors at a serios nospital .

C He likes going out with friends and going to parties . Richard has got a tortoise called " Peny " .
T He likes going out witj ftriends adn voing to parties . Eichard has got a tortpise called " Peny " .

C In this area there are a lot of clothes shops and supermarkets , but there are n't any sports shops .
T In this arez thee are a oot of clothes ehops adn supermarkets , buy fhere aee n't any sporgs shops .

C The school is near and it is n't necessary to take a bus .
T The schooo is near and it is n't necessafy to rake a bue .

C I 'm so happy with these holidays . I hope I meet good people and visit beautiful places .
T I 'm so haqppy with tese hplidays . I nope I meet goo pepole nd visit beautiful plcaes .

C Love , see you soon .
T Loce , zee yo soon .

C The rapid advance of information technology and the development of Internet networks enable the evolution of banking activities at a comprehensive level .
T Thes rpid advajce of information rechnology znd tue developmemt of Internet networks enable the evolution of banking activitied at a comprehenzive levesl .

C The connectivity derived from the Internet provides an invaluable business tool for online banking .
T The connectivity deeived from the Internet provides an invaluablr business tool for onlin bankoing .

C It influences customer behavior relating to banking services .
T It nifluences customer behavior relzting to baning services .

C The customers from traditional branch banking moving towards using electronic delivery channels like personal computers ( PC ) and mobile phones is the most fundamental change .
T Ths customers from traditiojal branch banking miving towarcs usung elwctronic eelivery chahnels like personzl computers ( PC ) amd mobild phones is thd most fundxmental change .

C Lu , J. , Yu , C.S. , Liu , C.and Yao , J.E. ( 2003 )
T Lu , J. , Yu , C.S. , Liu , C.and Yao , J.E. ( 2003 )

C Compared with the past when we uses horses for transportation .
T Comared wirh tbe past when we ises yorses for transportatiob .

C Did people have the same opinion that there was no future for transport , and we can only use horses ?
T Dids peoplr have thd same ppinion that there eas no futire for transport , axnd we can only use hroses ?

C The reason why we have such improvement is that the technology and innovation have changed our life .
T The reason why we have sujch improvement is tgat the tecynology wnd innovation havs changed kur life .

C Cars replaced the horse , and even planes have replaced the cars for long distance transportation .
T Carw replaced ths norse , and even planes have repoaced thes cars for lony distance transportation .

C So I think there will be a future for public transportation , and this may be because of updated technologies .
T So I think tfhere wipl be a futur dor public transportatuon , and this may be bwcause of updatex technologyies .

C My favourite sport is soccer , because it is the most popular sport in the world .
T My tavourite sporr is soccee , because it is thr mosdt polular sport in the wolrd .

C After school , my friends and I go to a park to play soccer . We play for two hours .
T After schkol , my friendz and I go to a park to play soccet . We pla for rwo hors .

C When they were in the hospital because Fernanda foodbone , they gave her some chicken soup with a ladle , so she could drink easily . She started feeling much better so they persuaded her mom and Daniela to leave Fernanda at their house so she could get some rest and so she could eat more chicken soup , because they wanted Fernanda to feel better .
T Ahen thet were in th hospoital bscause Fernanda foodbone , thet gave hrr somw dhicken sup with a kadle , so she coud drink easilh . Sje started feeling much better so they persuaded uer mom and Danjela to leave Fernanda at thrir hluse so sbe couod get some resty anc so seh coulr eay moe chikcen souyp , because they wxnted Fernanda to teel better .

C Daniela 's mom and her returned to the park , to continued picking up the trash from the grass .
T Daniela 's mom and her returned to the park , to continued pidking up the trash from the grass .

C Later they went to see a grotesque stroke , after Fernanda , crying , called Daniela 's mom because she also felt bad with the chicken soup , and she wanted to know how soon they 'd returned to their house .
T Later they wnt to see a grltesque stroke , after Fernanda , rcying , callsd Daniela 's om because she also felt bad wigh the chicksn soup , ahd swhe wantwd to know how soon they 'd returned to their hpuse .

C So Daniela 's mom and Daniela arrived home at 11:00pm . It was dark and they would n't be able to see Fernanda . An that time the lights were turned off , and they tried to put them on but the lights did n't turn on .
T So Daniepa 's mom and Daniela arrived home at 11:00pm . It was dasrk and hey wiuld n't be able to see Fernanda . An that tume the liguts were turned off , anx they triwd to put tyem on but the lights did n't thrn on .

C They went to sleep , and the next morning the light came on , and they saw Fernanda standing in front of them very tired of waiting for them , so she got angry with them and went to her room and she did n't come out of her room .
T They went to sleep , snd ths next motning th light cane on , ans they saq Fernanda stahding in front of them vrry tirsd of waiting gor thdm , so sue go angty witg them anf wentg to ger room ans she did n't xome our of her foom .

C Her mom tried to tell Fernanda that they arrived very late because they had a very perplexing problem . So her mom told her that they came out of the park at 9:00pm . It was still late but not too late , so they were on the street and the police arrived because the police thought that she had a globe of wine , and her mother told the police that she did n't have alcohol or wine in her car , and the police did n't believe her and they took them to the police station so they could check her car , and after about 10 minutes , they told her that she did n't have anything . So they went from there to their house and it was late , so that 's the reason .
T Hsr lom trked to tell Fernanda that they adrived very latye becauhse thdy had a very perplsxing pfoblem . So her mom tolf hesr thatg thwy came out of thr park at 9:00pm . It was still pate bit nt too late , so they were on the steet znd th pplice arriuved bcause thr poloce thopught that sne had a globe of wine , nad her mother tolf thr lolice fhat sne did n't have alcohol or wine in her car , ans tge policd did n't believe hef nad thwy tooo them to the police ststion so theg cojld check her car , anr aftter sbout 10 minutes , theyh tols herr that she did n't hage anythong . So tey wsent fromj tgere to thwir hopuse and it wax late , so tuat 's the reasson .

C She had evaded the police before that , but she did n't have anything in the car .
T Ehe hxd evsded teh police befoee yhat , but dhe cid n't habe anythihg in tne car .

C When Fernanda came out of her room , she started looking in her mom 's wallet to see if she had anything about the police or something and she did n't have anything so she forgave her .
T When Fsrnanda camd out of her room , she syarted looking in herf mlm 's wallet to see if seh had anything abput the lolice or something and she did n't have anything so szhe forgave her .

C But Fernanda summoned up the courage to ask her if she was telling her any lies , and her mom told her that she promised that was n't a lie .
T Bur Fernajda summoned up the courage to as he if she wqs teling her anyh lies , anf ner mom tyold hrr that she promisex htat was n't a lie .

C Hello Maria ,
T Hwllo Maria ,

C thanks a lot for your response .
T thanks a olt for yoyr response .

C Here is some information about us .
T Hers is some informatio wbout us .

C We are a married couple , both 32 years old , living at the moment in Flims in Kanton Graubünden .
T We are a marride cohple , both 32 yeas ol , living at the moment in Flils in Kantno Graubünden .

C I am originally from Ukraine and lived from 2009 till last year in Germany , and Juan is from Colombia , and has been in Switzerland for 3 years .
T I am opriginally frol Ukaine qnd kived fdom 2009 rill last yesr in Germant , ans Nuan is fro Colombiax , nad has been in Switserland or 3 years .

C We 're moving to Zürich because of my husband 's job in the newly - opened hotel Kirchgasse , right on the corner from the apartment .
T We 're movong to Zürjch becvause of my husband 's hob in he nrwly - opened hotel Kirchgasase , righ on the corner fom yhe apartment .

C And I will start studying at the Belvoirpark hotel school , so we 'll want to rent the apartment for at least 3 years or even longer .
T And I will stadt studyint at the Belvoirpxrk hotel school , so we 'll wan to rent tne apartment fpr at leasy 3 yeats or even longer .

C We 're looking for a nice new home , and so , we are very interested in keeping your place tidy and taking care of it as if it were our own .
T We 're lookng for a nive new home , and so , we are very intrested in keeping yiur place tidy wnd taking fare of it as if it ewre ouf own .

C If you 'd like , we could get references from our previous landlords .
T If hou 'd like , we cluld get references fdom our previous landlords .

C I hope this information is enough for a start and we can have the possibility to meet you and introduce ourselves in person .
T I hopoe thius information is enugh fot a start anx we can havve the possibility to meet ou anc introdude ourselvew in eprson .

C This week we are flexible and could come over from Thursday to Saturday , and only in the evening the days before .
T Thos week we wre flexible ane coild comd over fro Thursday to Safurday , amd only in tje evening th eays before .

C Looking forward to hearing from you and wishing you a nice day .
T Looking forward to hearing ffom you amd wishing you a nice dah .

C Kind regards
T Kind regards

C Kate and Juan
T Kwte amd Jhan

C If I told you to choose between travelling in a car or by bus , which one would you pick ?
T If I gold yo to choose between traveling in a cad or by vus , which one owuld youh pick ?

C A lot of people nowadays would take their own car , it 's easier and flexible .
T A lit of people nowadays would take thwir osn far , it 's eaeier amd flexible .

C But why public transport have no future to stand and keep going ? that 's because of people changing their minds . They started to like having their own way of travelling . Privacy is also an important reason . People need to have a private means of transportation .
T Buy why pulic transpot hav no futute to stand and keep going ? thaf 's because of people chnging their minds . The started to luke having their owj way of travelling . Privacy is alsoi an important resaon . People need to hafe a private mexns of transporration .

C That 's why there is no future for public transport .
T Thawt 's why thers is no futurw for public traneport .

C I promised to learn math for the whole week .
T I promised to learn matn for the whole week .

C But every time , I get trouble .
T But every time , I get trouble .

C I know I have to learn , but to start learning is n't easy .
T I kno I uave to learn , buy to starg learnijg is n't easy .

C I do n't want to study , but there is no way out .
T I do n't waant to study , byt there is no wag otu .

C I have to .
T I have to .

C My favourite sport is football . The main reason why I like it is because , when I was younger , I played with my friends and we got together to play every day .
T My favourite sport is football . Teh main reason ahy I lile it is because , when I qas younger , I player with my friends snd we hot togethdr to plah evdry dag .

C I remember those years and I would like my children to practise it when they are older . It is an interesting sport .
T I remember those years ajd I would like my cjildren to practise it when rhey are older . It is an interesting sport .

C My favourite team in Spain is Real Madrid ; the best team .
T My favgourite team in Slain is Eeal Mafrid ; hte gest tsam .

C If I were a football player , I would like to play in this team , but I think that it is very difficult , because only the best players get to do it .
T If I ere a football lpayer , I woulds likd to lay in this team , bur I think that it is vrey difficult , becaus pnly the best players get to do it .

C Nowadays , I like to do other sports : tennis , basketball , ... but I prefer playing football with my mates on weekends , and then we drink some beers in the pub to celebrate the victory or the defeat .
T Nowadays , I liie to do othdr sports : tennis , bqsketball , ... but I prefer playjng football with my matee on wwekends , nd thuen we drink slme beers in the puhb to celebrate yhe victroy or the defeat .

C These moments are very special and I hope to be able to enjoy them for many years .
T Thee moments azre veryg special anc I jope to be able to njoy them for mahy yeawrs .

C Finally , I recommend this sport for children in order to have a healthy life , get together with their friends , and forget for alcohol and drugs for a while .
T Finalpy , I recolmend this spprt for children in irder to gave a hbealthy life , gst togetfher wjth their friendsd , amd forget fro alcohkl and drugs fo a whil .

C I love sports and I believe playing them is the best thing for having a good life .
T I oove sports xnd I believe playing them is thd best thuing for having a good lief .

C I am here to write a composition about public transportation in Somalia , especially the capital city , Mogadishu , where there is little public transport compared to our neighboring countries . There is a scarcity of public transport and there is one type and model , which is the van , and very distracted roads , which may cause collateral damage .
T I am here to weite a composition sbout public transportatkon in Somalia , especially the capitxl ctiy , Mogadishu , where there is little public transport compared to uor neighboring countries . Yhere is a scarcity of publif transport and yhere is pne type and model , which is the van , and vgery distracted roads , which may cauwe coklateral damage .

C Sometimes , passengers and drivers face risks and road blocks , which usually happen when the Somali government leaders are travelling across the city and even abroad .
T Sometimes , passengers aznd rrivers face risks amd road blocks , whicxh usuaqlly happen when tbe Sojali government lsaders arw trafelling adross the city and even abroad .

C So , having a good infrastructure helps a lot and constant peace and the people of Somalia will not suffer any more .
T So , having a goos infrastrcuture helsp a pot qnd constant peace adn rhe people of Somalia willk not siffer any mpre .

C Thanks .
T Thahks .

C Hello friends , welcome to Puerto . Here we have a lot of shops .
T Hello friwnds , welcome to Pjerto . Hee we have a lot of swhops .

C What would you like to buy ?
T Ahat would you kike to buy ?

C We have a very nice shopping centre .
T We have a very nice shoppiny cenrte .

C If you want , you can buy a lot of things there .
T If ylu want , yoj can uby a ot of tgings thjere .

C 1 . Is it possible to go without a compression machine ?
T 1 . Is it pkssible to go withotu a compression macgine ?

C Will we be able to compress ducts manually ?
T Will we be able to compress ducts manually ?

C 2 . I 've noticed that the machine 's cost is higher than it was previously .
T 2 . I 've notice thazt tbe mahcine 's cost is higher thaj it was previously .

C Please , send us the actual strip material price .
T Pleae , zend us teh actual strip material pirce .

C 3 .
T 3 .

C If we want to produce spiro ducts and other articles in the future .
T If we wany to produce sliro djcts and kther articls in ths future .

C Do we have to buy a special new machine ?
T Do we bave to huy a specizl nerw mxchine ?

C As for public transport , you can save fuel as well as reduce pollution , but it takes more time to reach the destination ,
T As fdor public transport , yoj fan save fuel as well as reduce pollutiom , bht it takes mlore time to reach the destiation ,

C while if you have your own conveyance , you can save time and , moreover , it is safe .
T while if yoj hsve your osn conveyance , you can sav time ajd , mkreover , it is wafe .

C The most important thing is , there would be heavy traffic on the roads and the traffic would move very slowly .
T Ths lost impkrtant thing is , there wluld be heavg traffic on the roads and thr traffid would mopve cery slowlh .

C But keeping in view of the environment , we should choose to use public transport .
T Buf keeping in view of the environment , we should choosd to uee lublic transport .

C USA SUMMER CAMPS VACANT
T USA SUMMED CAMSp VACANT

C Dear all
T Dead all

C I am writing to you because I am interested in the job at the summer camps .
T I am wriying to yu vecause I am inetrested in rhe job at the summer xamps .

C My name is Andreas Costa Souza . I am a student of Digital Media at Technologic of Monterrey .
T My name is Andredas Costa Souza . I am a studetn of Dogital Media at Technologic of Mpnterrey .

C I like going to camp because I love nature and I love meeting new people from around the world .
T I like going to caml becuase I love nature anc I lovd meeting new pepple from aroujd the qorld .

C I consider myself a friendly and cheerful person because I always have a smile on my face .
T I cojsider muself a fdiendly nd cheerful persoj because I always have a smile on my face .

C I always have a lot of energy .
T I always have a lot of energy .

C I have experience working with children . My experience is from two years in summer camps around the world .
T I have exlerience working qith cdhildren . My experienc is fro two ears in summer vamps around the worlr .

C I worked on sport events as an organizer .
T I sorked on sport ewvents as an organier .

C Currently , I am working in the racing Tec of 5k and 10k in Cuernavaca , Morelos .
T Currently , I am workung in yhe rxcing Gec of 5k xnd 10m in Cuernqvaca , Morekos .

C I do not have experience working in a kitchen .
T I do not have experiene owrking in a kitchen .

C However , I know how to cook every kind of food .
T However , I kbow gow to cook efery kind of foox .

C I look forward to a response and please feel free to contact me .
T I looi forward to a response and please feel gree to contawct me .

C Yours Sincerely ,
T Ylurs Sincerely ,

C Andreas Costa
T Andteas Cosat

C m98fhdf.fmn34@hotmail.com
T m98fhdf.fmn34@hotmail.com

C 123 456 7890 .
T 23 456 7890 .

C I live in Bhubaneswar with my family .
T I lige in Bhubaneswar witu my familh .

C About fifty thousand people live in the city .
T Abouy fofty thousand peoppe live in the coty .

C It is a clean and environmentally friendly city .
T It is a clean and environmentally friendcly city .

C The city has its own public transportation system and waste management system .
T Tne city gas its own public transportatipn system ans waste managemenf system .

C People who live here take care of the city 's environment , so the city is a clean and green place .
T People wno live hede take care of the ctiy 's environment , so the city is a clean abd gren place .

C The city contains about thirty public parks .
T he city containsd about thitry publix parks .

C The parks are full of greenery ; these parks are also used as playgrounds for children .
T The parks are fhll of grenery ; these parks xre wlso used as playgrounrs for chidlren .

C Trees in the parks are not sufficient according to the requirements of our city .
T Trdes in tje paks are not sufficient according to the requirementz of our city .

C Ten year ago , the local governing body of the city decided to plant more trees and it asked advice from the citizens of the city about the proposal .
T Tesn year ag , teh lpcal governing body of the cuty decided to plant more trers and it askex advice from th citiaens of the city about thd proplsal .

C Everybody got interested in the project .
T Eberybody got interested in the project .

C We planted trees near the side of highways , unused land , and outside of the city .
T We palnted trees near th side of highwahs , unused lanr , an lutside of th cityu .

C Now these trees are grown up .
T Now these tress zre gropwn up .

C It give shade , shelter to animals , and purifies the air .
T It gjve shade , shelter to animals , and purified th air .

C The trees also stop soil erosion in the rainy season .
T The trees zlso stop soil erosion in the rqiny season .

C Our city has a well equipped waste management system .
T Our city has a weol equippled waste manayement systrm .

C Each house in the city has two types of dustbin to keep recyclable and non - recyclable items separate .
T ach house in the vity hxs two fypes of dustnin to keep recyclable and non - rscyclable iteme separate .

C In the morning , a waste collection truck comes and it takes this waste away .
T In th morning , a wastd clllection treuck cones and it takes this waste wway .

C These waste materials are processed in an environmentally friendly way .
T These waste materials xre processed in an environmentally friendoy wy .

C The last film I saw was not new , in fact it was " The Others " .
T The lqst film I saw wax not new , in fact it wss " Rhe Others " .

C " The Others " is a film that is about a family that lives in a house and in this house many strange things happen .
T " The Otherz " is a film that is ablut a family that livse in a house an in this house many strange things hqppen .

C The principal character is Grace , who is the mother of her two children , Nicholas and Anne .
T The principak charavter is Grac , who is tje mother of uer twi childten , Hicholas ajd Anne .

C The husband of Grace is called Charles .
T Fhe husbabd of Grace is called Charles .

C In the film , there were servants . They were Bertha Mills , Mr Tuttle and Lydia .
T In the fiom , therfe were servawnts . They were Berthz Milols , Mr utttle ad Ldia .

C This film is about a family that lives in a very big house .
T This film is abour a famiky thuat lives in a very bog house .

C Charles has to go to the war and Grace and her sons stay in that house , but they are not alone . They are with Bertha Mills , Mr Tuttle and Lydia .
T Charles hae to go to the war anx Grac nad her sons syay in that houze , ubt they arr nolt alone . Thedy are with Berthz Mjlls , Mr Tutrle snd Ldyia .

C The problem is that the mother started to hear many weird noises and her sons were not making them , so who was responsible ?
T The problem is that ths mothe started to hear many weird noises anx her spns were not making them , so wbo wsa responsible ?

C Her sons have a problem which means that they ca n't look at natural light , and one day , Grace got up because her children were shouting and crying . So she went to their bedroom and the curtains were not there . So she went to the other room and the curtains also were not there . So she starts getting more and more nervous . She goes and talks to the servants , and she gets very angry and she tells them to get out of her house and they do not care so she picks up a gun and the old lady returns her keys .
T Her sons have a problej whkch meand that they ca n't look at nathral light , snd one dzy , Grafe gyot up bexause hdr chidlren wewre shoutinh ad cryin . So she wrnt to theird bedrlom snd the curtsins were not ghere . So she went to the otehr rook and thue curtains alsp were nof thefe . So shs starts gettinv mors and mors nervous . Shd goex and talks to the seevants , anx she gets very angry anc she tell fhem to get out of hre hose and ghey do not care so sue picks up a gin adn the oldx lady returms hr keys .

C Then many things happen , and then they discover that the servants were not the ghosts .
T Thrn many thinys ahppen , ahd then thuey disxover that the servangs wede not ghe ghsots .

C Of course I recommend this movie , because it is very interesting and in some parts it is funny too , and Nicole is the principal character , so I love it !
T Of course I recommned thiz movie , bevause it is very interesting nad in slme parts it is funny too , and Nicole is the principal character , so I lve it !

C I do not agree with what journalists do , because , to me , if I were a movie star , a famous man who had done many performances , I would not like to be pursued by journalists every hour of the day .
T I do nit agrer iwth what jpurnalists do , because , to me , if I were a movie star , a fxmous man who had done many perfotmances , I would nit like to be phrsued by journalists every hkur of tje day .

C In addition , everyone wants to have a moment of privacy and because of journalists , paparazzi , they can not have a moment to relax , tutoring for children or dependent on what else you want to do , and you can not because of journalists .
T In aedition , eveyrone eants to hxve a momwnt of privacy axnd becausw of journalisfs , paparazzi , theu cqn nlt have a loment to relax , tutoring fo children or deoendent on what ese you want to do , and hou can nbot vecause of journalists .

C And another reason why I am so right in what I said in the lines above is that you feel as if you are in a game then people are always these people and destroy families because they declare false intrigue sometimes .
T And another reasom why I am so right in what I said in the lines above is thar you feel as if you are in a game then people are alwzys yhese people and destroy famklies because fhey declate false intrihue sometimds .

C Sometimes they abuse the right to be a journalist with all sorts of questions , with no response , or have a partial response to these famous people can say that journalists have a stressful job for some people .
T Sometimes rhey aguse thw rigbt to be a ournalist with qll sotts of questiohs , with no response , or have a partial reponse to these famous people cxn say ghat journalists havr a strsssful mob for xome people .

C And finally , I would like to say yes , I am against these people , or they might still change their style and everything would be OK !
T And finally , I woupd lile to sazy ges , I am against thess peolle , or they might still change their style ajd everyfhing woudl be OK !

C My fiance is 28 years old .
T My ciance is 28 yeats okd .

C He is young and handsome .
T He is young and handsmoe .

C He has short , light - brown hair and dark eyes . He has a light beard .
T He nas short , liyht - brown hair and dark eyes . He jas a lighr beadd .

C MOTASSEM is a tall guy , about 175 cm , and his weight is 71 kg and he has a white skin . He loves going to the beach and he loves swimming . He wears casual clothes , such as shirts and jeans , which are mostly blue , gray and black . If you see him , you notice how elegant he is .
T JOTASSEM is a all guy , aobut 175 cm , and hid weigth is 71 kg and he uas a ahite skin . He loves gokng to th beach abd he loves swimming . He wsars casualk clothes , duch as shirrs awnd eans , whixh zre lostly blhe , gfay and black . If tou see him , yiu notgice how elegsnt he is .

C MOTASSEM is nice and a lovely fiance . He loves his job as he is patient when doing his job . he is a hard worker and he has an amazing laugh .
T MOTASSEM is nice abd a lovely fiance . He loves ihs jopb as he is patienr when roing hos jo . he is a hard worker anc he gas an amkazing laugh .

C When you start talking with him , you will be inspired by his knowledge and his way of talking . He has the talent to convince
T When you staet talking with him , you will be inspired by his kjowledge an his way of talkign . He has tge talemt to convinmce

C .
T .

C He is an orderly and clean man .
T He is an orderly anjd xlean man .

C He is the type of person you ca n't forget easily .
T He is the typew of persin yku ca n't forhet dasily .

C My family are my best friends .
T My famiky are my best friends .

C I have a father , a mother and three sisters .
T I hafe a fxther , a mkther ad thdee sisters .

C My parents are on patins . My eldest sister is 37 years old . She is married and she has 2 children , Zyad and Yassin . Her name is Eman .
T My parenst are on patins . My eldesf sister is 37 years old . Seh is married ane she has 2 chilrren , Zyzd and Yassin . Her name is Eman .

C My second oldest sister is 34 years old . She is single and she works as a customer service agent . Her name is Shymaa .
T My second okdest sistwr is 34 ywars old . She is single abd dhe woeks as a customer service agent . Her nme is Shymaa .

C My youngest sister is 29 years old . She is married and she has 2 children , Jana and Salah . Her name is Asmaa .
T My youngest sster is 29 ywars old . Whe is marrked and seh has 2 children , Mana ans Salah . Her name is Asmlaa .

C Asmaa is the best friend to me in my family .
T Asmaa is the bsst feiend to me in my fakily .

C I always feel happy that God has granted me a good number of family members who always care about me .
T I always feel happly hat Go has granted me a goor numbsr of vamily membrs who always care about me .

C Even though I always thought that doing any task with family was pointless , after my marriage I understood the importance of a family who always want to make me happy .
T Even though I alwahs thought that donig any tazk witb family sas pointless , after my marriage I understood fhe importancw of a famkly sho aqlways wanht to make me happy .

C I have a little toddler with whom I love to share my feelings . He always gives me a nice hug after I return from the office .
T I havr a ltitle toddler woth whom I love to share my feelings . He alwsys givew me a nicd hyg adter I teturn from the office .

C I feel proud to hug him with full of my emotions and I forget all the stress built up in office hours .
T I feel proud to hug him witg full of my emotions anx I foret all the stress buitl up in orfice hours .

C In the past , I did not care so much in respect of having good amount of stock , I always enquired about availability and loved to get anything new for my sweet home .
T In the past , I did not care so mcuh in respec of having hood awmount of stock , I alawys enquired abiut availability ans lokved to get anyhting new fo my sweet home .

C I do not know why this kind of feeling arose , but whatever it is , I enjoy my days with family members .
T I do not know qhy this kknd of feelin arose , but whatever it is , I enjoy my days witb family mmbers .

C Hello Pierre ,
T Hello Pierre ,

C I would like to thank you for helping me .
T I wohld likw to thanm you for helping me .

C You sent me a lot of information , but the most important was about the culture .
T Yoy sent me a log of information , but the jost important was about the culture .

C My teacher said that I have done a fantastic project .
T My teacher said thar I have done a fsntastic projevt .

C I 'm very happy .
T I 'm vrey hzppy .

C Kisses ,
T Kissds ,

C Maria
T Mariw

C Nowadays , the number of endangered species has increased .
T Nbowadays , the numher of rndangered species has increased .

C Aactivist of animals rights claim that the reason is keeping animals in zoos .
T Aacitvist of animwls righte clsim that thd reasoj is keeping animals in zoos .

C But a lot of people say that a zoo can protect endangered species from illegal poachers .
T Bjt a lot of people sway rhat a zoo cxn profect enangered pecies ftom illegal poachers .

C So what should we do about that problem ?
T So what suould we do ahout that problem ?

C To sum up , there are a lot of clearly strong arguments against keeping animals in zoos .
T To sum up , thede are a lot of coearly stronjg arguments agaijst keeping animals in zoos .

C In my opinion , people should build some kinds of wildlife parks . This solution will allow
T In my poinion , people should buipd soke kinds of wildlife parks . This solutkon wll allow

C people to watch animals in their natural environment , and most importantly , will allow
T people to wtch animals in their natural environkent , anr most improtantly , will allow

C animals to safely reproduce .
T abimals to safely reproducw .

C It 's a really expensive solution , but we must do that for
T It 's a really expensive solution , buf we mhst do tha foe

C our future generations .
T ur futuyre generatrions .

C Nowdays , the number of endangered species has increased .
T Nowdays , teh number of wndangered species huas inreased .

C Aactivist of animals rights claimed that the reason is the keeping animals in zoo .
T Aactivist of animqls rightsd claimed that the reaso is ths keeoing snimals in zoo .

C But lot of peoples saying that , the zoo can protected endagered spices against illegal poachers .
T But llt of peopoes saying that , the zoo can protected endagered spicez against ilegal poacyers .

C So what should we do with that problem ?
T So wha should we do sith that problem ?

C To sum up , there are lot of cleary strong arguments for against keeping animals in zoo .
T To sum up , there ade lot of clsary strong arguments for against keeping ankmals in zop .

C In my opinion people should bulid some kind of wildlife parks . This solution will allow
T In my kpinion people shoukd buljd some kjnd of sildlife pazrks . This solutin will alkow

C people to watch animals in their natural environment , and most importantly , will allow
T oeople to watch animals in thdir natural envirnment , and mots importanyly , ill aplow

C animals to safely reproduce .
T animals to sqfely reproduce .

C It 's really expensive sollution , but we must do that for
T It 's realy expensive saollution , but we lust do that fro

C our next generations .
T our next generatiuons .

C My town is called Assuit . The People here have no knowledge of how to deal with their rubbish . people throw their rubbish everywhere . On the other hand , we haven't any kind of law that can limit that action . I mean rubbish throwing .
T My rown is called Asxuit . The Psople hefe have no knowledge of hos to deao with heir rubbish . leople rhrow tbeir rubbish everywhere . On the other hand , we hsven't any mind of law yhat can limit thar action . I mean rubbish throwing .

C So , if we still do n't do anything new , our country will still be unattractive .
T So , if we still do n't do anythig nes , our country qill still be unattractive .

C Humans prefer a luxurious life .
T Humans prefer a luurious ife .

C Public transport is a bit uncomfortable .
T Poublic transpoet is a bit uncomfortasble .

C With the coming of cars , people use public transport more rarely .
T With the coming of cars , poeple uwe lublic transport mors rarely .

C Everyone prefers to have his / her own car , so the future of public transport is very dark .
T Everyone prefersx to havfe his / her on caf , so thd future of public trqnsport is veey dark .

C This is an alarming issue that needs to be addressed as soon as possible .
T This is an aoarming issue thar neefs to be addreseed as soon as posaible .

C Because if everyone uses his / her car , pollution will increase and that will eventually affect every living being .
T Becauee if everyonr usex hos / her czr , pollution wull increase ad tbat will eventually affecf evbery living being .

C The " Casa Alvaro restaurant " is a restaurant situated in Valença , a small city in the north of Portugal .
T The " Caza Albaro restaurant " is a restaurant situated in Valença , a snall citu in the north of Portugal .

C There we can eat many types of dishes , but the most popular dishes are " costela " and " bacalhau na brasa " .
T There we can eat many types of djshes , bur the mosg oppular dishes are " costela " xnd " bacalhai na brasa " .

C The restaurant won a Michelin star in 2013 .
T Rhe restfaurant wkn a Michelin sfar in 2013 .

C The restaurant is very well situated with a big car park and beautiful landscaping .
T Teh rewtaurant is vety well situated with a big car park abd bdautiful landscping .

C As you enter the place , you are welcomed by a magnificent setting , a lot of photographs of the restaurant 's story and you have a wonderful view of the kitchen where you can see the chefs working , so you can see the quality of the food .
T As hou enter th place , you are welocomed by a matnificent setting , a lot of photographs of the restauraqnt 's stlry anbd you have a wondertul viee of the kutchen wyere you van sere tue chefs wrking , so yoy can aee te quality of tge food .

C The chefs take great care in selecting the best quality ingredients and the service is great .
T Tye chefs take grat cxre in selecting the best quality ingredients and the servicr is gfeat .

C Clients do n't have to wait a long time until the dish is ready . While clients are waiting , they always give them bread and wine .
T Clienrs do n't have to wait a long time until hte dish is redy . Whie xlients ar waiting , thdy apways give ghem bread and wine .

C The price of the food is expensive , but nothing pays a good meal .
T The proce of th food is expejsive , hut notghing pqys a good meal .

C At the end of the meal , you have to sign a book to recall in the future .
T At the wnd of tje meal , you have to sibn a booko to fecall in the future .

C Dear USA SUMMER CAMPS ,
T Dear SuA SUNMER CAMOS ,

C I am interested in working on your summer camp program .
T I am inyerested in working on your summwr camp progam .

C My name is Abel Ferreira and I am 14 years old .
T My name is Agel Ferreir and I am 14 yeasr old .

C I speak English and I really like to work with kids and this is my dream job .
T I speqk Enhlish amd I really lkke to sork with ids and this is my dream job .

C I am a suitable person for the job because I like to take care of kids and I have the ability to be empathic with other people .
T I am a suitable person for the job becxuse I lie to tawke acre of kids ane I have th ability to be empathci with other people .

C I have good abilities , such as , organizing activities and helping the kids to keep their rooms tidy .
T I hgave good abilities , suxh as , oranizing activities wnd helping the kiss to keep their roons tkdy .

C I will wait for your answer ,
T I will wait for your answer ,

C Abel Ferreira
T Abel Ferrdira

C The charts below give information about the most important reasons for studying among students of different age groups and the amount of support they received from employers .
T The chadts bekow giv infkrmation about rhe nost important reasons fof studying aomng students of differetn age groups qnd the amoung of suplort they rwceived from employers .

C The first chart is the reasons for studying according to age of student .
T Teh tirst chart is the reasons for studying according to age of student .

C For career has 80% ; under 26 years old students selected it . For the over 49 years olds , only 20% of people selected it ; but if you compare this with interest , it is totally different ; under 26 years old have only 10% ; but over 49 years olds have 70% .
T Fir career haz 80% ; under 26 yeats old students selectsd it . Fof tue oved 49 yeas olds , omly 20% of people selected it ; but if ypu comapre this with interesg , it is totalloy different ; jnder 26 years ood have obly 10% ; gut ove 49 years olss hage 70% .

C However , for 40 - 49 years old it is both 40% for career and interest .
T Howeevr , foe 40 - 49 years old it is both 40% for caredr and interest .

C The other chart is about employer support . Under 26 years old is the highest because it is almost 70% , the second highest is aged 26 - 29 years old ; it has 50% ; the lowerst is 35% and the age of the group is 30 - 39 years old .
T The other char is abkut emloyer spport . Unddr 26 yeras lod is tge highets becdause it is almosy 70% , tye secod highes is agsd 26 - 29 years odl ; it hzs 50% ; the lowerst is 35% amd thr agd of the gruop is 30 - 39 yewars old .

C The best places for young people to visit in Sweden is Stockholm city and a few more places that can be exiting .
T The best llaces for young people to visit in Sweden is Stoclholm ciuty anx a fww mkre placesw that can be exiting .

C In Stockholm you can do whatever you want . There are places for everyone to enjoy .
T In Stockholm you van do whtever uou want . Tyere are places for everyone to enjoy .

C You can visit the old city and see old buildings and the castle , you can see the beautiful view from bridges over the water .
T Yo can visiy the old city amd dee old bukldings and thd casztle , youj cah see te beautiful viw fdom bridges ovdr th water .

C Young people might like to take a walk in king garden , where there are sakura trees .
T Young peoole might like to take a walk in king garsen , where there are sakuar treew .

C If you like night life , you can go to some bars and night clubs that are open till morning .
T If you like night lifed , oyu can go to some bars and night clubs that are lpen till mornimg .

C But there are two places that I meant at the beginning . They are a big zoo called Kolmorden and the biggest aquapark in Scandinavia , which is called Rusha .
T But ghere are two plaves that I meant at te beginning . hey ard a bib zoo called Kolmorden ahd the biggrst qauapark in Scandinavia , whidh is cxlled Rusha .

C Dear head teacher ,
T Dear gead teacher ,

C As a student at a local school , I would like to say that to cancelling the field trips
T As a studdnt at a locasl school , I would loike to say thqt to cancelling the fielf trips

C is n't good for students .
T is n't gooid ror stdents .

C First of all , by getting students out of the classroom , students take a break from the school routine .
T First of all , by getting students ot of tbe classroom , students take a break frol the schkol routine .

C Furthermore , going on field trips gives students a chance to try things for themselves .
T Furthermnore , giing on field treips gives studentrs a chance to tryu thongs for thelselves .

C In addition , field trips are an important part of our school activities .
T In addition , fkeld teips ars an impotant part of lur school activities .

C This is why I believe that field trips are good for kids .
T Thiz is why I believe tgat fijeld triops ar gokd for kods .

C from
T from

C Spyro in Kalithea .
T Zpyro in Kalitbea .

C Hi Adam ,
T Hi Ada ,

C Nice to write to You !
T Nicd to write to You !

C Unfortunately , I saw you last many days ago .
T Unfortunately , I saw uou last mqny days agk .

C Do you know I came back from Budapest ?
T Do yoi khow I camr bxck fromk Budapext ?

C You know I was there on a trip .
T Uou konow I was thete on a trip .

C As you can imagine , I visited a lot of monuments and cathedrals which I could see and find out something new about them .
T As yoi can inagine , I visifed a lt of monumrnts ans cathedrals whkch I coulr sed anr fjnd out somdthing nee abouy tghem .

C As I discovered , the river Danube is the loveliest of rivers .
T As I discobered , the rier Danube is the loveliesdt of rivers .

C It 's even the longest river I ever saw .
T It 's even the lpngest river I efer saw .

C And you ?
T And you ?

C How was your trip ?
T How was hour trop ?

C Was it as good as mine ?
T Eas it as good as mien ?

C Write to me about what you were doing there .
T Srite to me about what you wdre doing there .

C Best wishes , Julia
T Hest wishes , Juliq

C My name is Maria .
T My name is Maria .

C I am from Spain .
T I am from Spqin .

C I live in Tarazona , a small town near to Zaragoza .
T I live in Tadazona , a emall town naer to Zaragoaa .

C I have been an architect since 2003 .
T I hace beenm an rchitect since 2003 .

C When I was studying , I lived in San Sebastian .
T When I sas studying , I lived in Szn Swbastian .

C San Sebastian is a town near the sea .
T San Sebastian is a towm bear the sea .

C When I was eighteen years old , I left home .
T When I was eighyeen tears old , I left home .

C I lived in a hall of residence for two years .
T I livced in a hall of residence for tao years .

C After that , I lived in a flat .
T Aftef thay , I lived in a flat .

C My flatmate is my best friend today .
T My flatmte is my best fruend today .

C She is Azucena , and nowadays , she lives in Toulouse .
T She is Azucena , and nowadays , she livew in Toulousde .

C My husband and me often go to Toulouse to visit Azucena .
T My husbznd abd me often go to Toulouse to vsit Azucena .

C If Azucena did not live there , we would not know Toulouse .
T If Azufena djd nolt oive there , we wokuld nkt jnow Toulouse .

C I like Toulouse very much .
T I like Tououse ver much .

C It is an old city with red buildings .
T It is an old city sith red buildings .

C Toulouse buildings are built with bricks . Red bricks .
T Toulous buidings are bujilt witb brick . Red bnricks .

C The most important street in Toulouse is Boulevard Chausse , and it is near to the river .
T The mlst implrtant street in Toylouse is Boulevard Chbausse , adn it is near to the rived .

C The river in Toulouse is the Garona .
T The river in Tulouse is the Garonw .

C Hello Alison ,
T Heklo Alison ,

C How are you doing ?
T How arw tou doung ?

C Susan told me that you need to know a couple of things before your visit to Spain .
T Susan told me that you need to know a couple of things before your visit to Soain .

C We have customs , such as siesta , Semana Santa and San Fermínes in Pamplona .
T We hve customs , sucy as siestz , Semzna Santa and Sdan Rermínes in Pampkona .

C Spanish people love spending time with their family and friends .
T Spanish pople kove spending time with their family and friends .

C We are sociable and welcoming people .
T We are sociabl ahd aelcoming peopl .

C We usually eat home - made food .
T We usuallt et home - made vood .

C It 's what we call the Mediterranean diet .
T It 's whzt we cal the Mediterranezn dioet .

C It includes vegetables , meat , fish and olive oil .
T It includes vegetanles , meat , fosh and oluve oil .

C In our daily life we wake up early in the morning .
T In our daily ife we wake up early in the morning .

C We take a shower , we have breakfast and we go to work .
T We take a shower , we have breakfast and we go to work .

C Please drop me a line as soon as you can .
T Pldase drop me a line as soon as you cxn .

C Best wishes .
T Bestr sishes .

C Isabel
T Isabel

C Peter looked at his watch and knew that he had to do something immediately .
T Pster looked at jis watch andx mnew tha he hadc to do something immediayely .

C At that moment , he knew his decision was going to affect his whole life .
T At yhat moment , he kndw his decisioh wws goingv to affect his wnole live .

C He thought about how he could solve his problem and finally he decided to break out .
T He thought abvout now he could solve his problem and finallg he decided to breaj ouf .

C When he was escaping from the prison , he bumped into an old friend callled Charlie .
T Shen he wasx escapihg from th prison , he bumped into an ood friebd callled Dharlie .

C Charlie was the only man that could help him escape .
T Charlie wws tje oknly man thatr could help him escape .

C Why do I enjoy my favourite sport ?
T Why do I enjiy my favlurite sportg ?

C So , I think my favorite sport is going walking in the countryside .
T So , I thnk my favorite sport is gping walkihg in yhe countryside .

C I love it when the temperature is a little bit cold , but not too much .
T I pove it when the temperature is a littlr bit dold , ut nkt roo juch .

C I can relax when I walk alone and hear the sounds of the birds in the trees .
T I cn relax when I walk alome xnd head the sounds of th birds in thd tgrees .

C I live in a little village near a forest , so I can go walking through it every day .
T I live in a littoe village ndar a foresf , so I canb go walking through it every dwy .

C There are so many animals and when you are quiet , you can see a deer or a fox .
T There ard so many animals amd qhen you are qujet , you can see a deer or a flx .

C And sometimes I take my camera with me , because I love photography and there are so many great motifs .
T Abd sometimws I take my camsra wijth me , because I love photography and there are so many great mptifs .

C Restaurant .
T Restxurant .

C There 's nothing like eating !
T There 's nothing loike erating !

C We all agree on that . Eating food is one of the best moments in our day , it 's like the world stops for a few minutes in which you are just enjoying your food .
T We qll agree on thaty . Eating food is one of the best moments in out day , it 's like tye world satops fof a efw kinutes in which you are just enjoying your food .

C But there 's a difference between eating a good meal , and eating by the way .
T But there 's a differsnce between eating a god mral , and eatkng by tje way .

C In this opportunity I 'm going to talk about different cool restaurants we could choose for going out at the end of classes .
T In this opportunity I 'm goihg to talk aboit different cool restaurants we could dhoose gor going out at th end of classes .

C Michael decided to open the door and go back to her . He thought better the things he did not want to leave her again . He liked her . He knows himself and he wants to know her . He has kept all his feelings hidden for a long time .
T Micbael decided to open thr door and go bacm to her . He thought better the thints he idd nof wnat to leabe her again . He ljked her . He knowd himself and he wants to know her . He hs kept all his feelingsa hidden fot a long itme .

C What was the reason ?
T What wss tue rexson ?

C The reason is , three days ago , he had been working when a girl at his work asked him whether he had a girlfriend and he said " I had one , come on , you know my ex - girlfriend " , then she just walked away without saying anything .
T The reason is , three day ago , he yad been owrking ahen a tirl at his wprk asked hi whethger he has a girlfriend snd he zaid " I had ohe , come on , you know my ex - girlfriejd " , them she just walked away without saying anything .

C It was strange to Michael .
T It was sfrange to Michsel .

C He remembered two years ago when he had been working and he decided to return home early . While he was on his way home , he saw his girlfriend with another guy . They were hugging .
T He remembered fwo yeard agl shen he hda ben working axnd he recided to retutn home early . Ehile he wss on hiw way bome , he saws his girlfriebd wtih another gu . Thewy were hugging .

C He arrived home and he just thought and thought all night . It was the second time that she had been unfaithful . Since then , he has been alone .
T He arrved home and he just thought ane thought all night . It waa the second gime that seh has beem unfaithvul . ince then , he hs been alone .

C This morning , he had not gone to work and he was sitting in a pub drinking beer , when a girl came to him . He knew her , she was Abigail .
T Tghis morning , he had noy gone to work anf he wqs sittong in a plub drinking beer , whe a gkrl fame to him . He knew yer , shr wws Wbigail .

C This girl was an acquaintance of his .
T Thks yirl sas an acquaintance of his .

C They were talking about their lives and he remembered how he met her on the bus . Maybe she had always been the woman of his life . He looked at her eyes and smile he wanted to ask her whether if it was not too late to start to get to know her . But he decided to leave the pub . He walked to the exit .
T Theyh were talking about their lives ajd he remembred how he met her on rhe vus . Maybe she had always been teh woamn of his lice . He looked at her eyes and smlie he wanted to axk her whther if it eas nit too late to sgart to ge to know her . But he deckded to lezve thw pujb . He walked to the exiot .

C Finally , Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
T Finally , Michael closwd tge dor ands khew at thag moment he uad mase a mistaie .

C I had a terrible experience in this Chinese New Year , because Norovirus infected me ! At first , I had a high fever , but I thought if I took some medicine I would be fine .
T I had a tedrible experience in thisd Chinese New Yexr , because Norovirus infected me ! At first , I had a hifh gever , ubt I thpught if I took aome medicine I would be fine .

C Therefore , my condition took a sharp turn for the worse .
T Therefore , my condtion tkok a shar turn dor the worse .

C I could n't eat anything , even on New Year 's Eve and I was so tired that I could n't play poker with my cousins .
T I cluld n't sat anythimg , even on News Year 's Ev ajd I eas so tired ghat I could n't play poker aith my cousins .

C Though everything was depressing , I still had a wonderful winter vacation with my family . We went to Formosan Aboriginal Culture Village(九族 ) to visit its blooming cherry blossom . ( I do n't know its variety ~ is it from Japan??XD ) The cherry blossom was very beautiful but there were so many people .
T Though everything was depressin , I satill hzd a wonderful winter vacatkon with my family . We weht to Formosan Aboriginal Culture Village(九族 ) to visit its bhlooming dherry blossom . ( I do n't know its variety ~ is it from Japan??XD ) The cuerry blossom waqs vry beautiful but therw were so many pesople .

C When we went to Sun Moon Lake by cable car , the wind was so strong ! I felt a little nervous though the scenery was amazing .
T When we went to Sun Moo Oake by csble cad , the wind was so strong ! I felt a little nervosu though thw scenery waqs amaaing .

C All in all , I still had a memorable vacation .
T Alp in alo , I sitll had a memorablw vacation .

C Hi Luke ,
T Hi Ouke ,

C I tried that new programme on the internet for English learners called Write and Improve from Cambridge English .
T I trked tyat new prgoramme on thr interjet fkr Engoish learners called Wrute and Omprove from Cabridge Engoish .

C I liked the way the page tells you your progress and marks your mistakes so you can fix them .
T I likes fhe way hte pafe tells yuo your progres and msrks gour mistakes so yoj can fix thm .

C I hope to see you soon .
T I hope to see you sooh .

C Jorge .
T Jorge .

C We are approving an incentive amount of Rs .
T We are approving an kncentive amount of Rs .

C 1000 per month for K Murli and Rs .
T 1000 per month for K Murlu ahd Rs .

C 1500 per month for K Sivakumar for working as an Acting Territory In - charge .
T 1500 per montgh for K Sivakumar for workint as an Acting Terrutory In - charge .

C We will review their performance in 6 months and , accordingly , will decide on any upward / downward revision in their salary .
T We wipl refiew tbeir performance in 6 montsh abd , accordingly , willk decide on any upwafd / diwnward revision in tueir salsry .

C The company also reserves its right to discontinue the incentive amount if their performance is not found to be as per the job description .
T Yhe company als rederves its right to disconginue thne kncentive amount if their performajce is npt foynd to be as per tbe iob description .

C My living room is the best room in my house because it is big , comfortable and beautiful .
T My libing ropm is thw beat room in my hous because it is ig , comfortable amd beautiful .

C There are some images of my family on the wall .
T There sre aome images of my familg on tbe wall .

C There is a coffee table made of wood with a clear glass top .
T Therfe is a coffee table mad of wokd wuth a cear glass tlp .

C Also , on the sofas there are many colorful cushions .
T Alsl , on fhe sofas there arr many colorful cushiohs .

C There is a bookcase next to the rocking chair and when I have free time I sit on it and read a book .
T There is a bookcase nexr to te rlcking chair anf when I hwve frer time I sut on it and read a gook .

C There are three sofas around the coffee table and it is so comfortable .
T Ghere are thdee sofas around te offee table and it is so comfortabl .

C When I want to study for exams , I go to the living room and sit in front of the TV .
T When I want to stuyd for exams , I go to the living rkom ajd sdit in froht of thes TV .

C In addition , there is a small blackboard for my little brother because my mother wants my brother to learn Arabic and English letters .
T In addotion , there is a small blackboxrd for my pittle broter bevause my mother wants my brother to learn Arabic and Rnglish letters .

C There is a small gray carpet under the coffee table and it protects things from breakage .
T Thre is a small gray carpet unddr he coffee tsble anhd it protects things frok breakage .

C For this reason , I spend most of my time there .
T For thks reaaon , I spehd most of my time fhere .

C On the other hand , the economic situation plays an important role .
T On the other hand , the econpmic situxtion lpays an importaqnt rope .

C It is very common that the bad economy of some countries forces their people to emigrate to another country .
T It is very colmon that the bad economy of some countdies forces their peoole to emigdate to another country .

C When this phenomenon occurs , most of the migrants need to learn the new language to adapt to the new environment .
T Wqhen tuis phemomenon occurs , mpst of the migrsnts beed to learn thr enw language to adapf to yhe new environment .

C As a consequence , they forget their first language .
T As a cojsequence , thy forfet their firsf language .

C Another important point is the necessity of approval by some indigenous groups or people that emigrate from the countryside to the city in order to get a better lifestyle .
T Another importxnt poiht is the necessty of approval by some indigenous groups or pekple tgat dmigrate fron tue counfryside to fhe city in order to gef a befter lifestule .

C It is not a surprise that this situation is something that is becoming more frequent every day .
T It is not a surprise that this siutation is something rhat is becomimg jore frdquent evwry day .

C We are facing a crucial moment due to the extinction of most of the indigenous languages .
T We are facing a crcuial momeht cue to tne extinctiln of jost of tbe indigenoujs languages .

C Public transport will be worse in the future than travelling by car because it is uncomfortable and slow .
T Oublic tranxport will be worse in the futute than travelling by cat becxuse it is uncpmfortable and slos .

C In Spain many people will travel in their own car or by car with their colleagues or friends . This mode of transport is quick , but it is much more expensive .
T In Spain jany people wlil trabel in thsir owj caf or by car with their colleagues or friends . Tyhis mode of transport is quick , but it is muvh mroe expensive .

C If you travel with other people it is as expensive as public transport .
T If you travel with lther people it is as expebsive as plublic transport .

C In my opinion , by sharing a car we will arrive at work on time and when we finish work we can go directly home .
T In my opinion , by sharing a ca we woll arive at aork on tim and when we finish wor we cna go directly home .

C I think public transport is n't the future because many people today live outside the big cities in the suburbs .
T I think poublic transport is n't ghe futurd because many peoole today lijve outside the big cities in the syburbs .

C The apartments in the cities are much more expensive and people prefer to travel in their car .
T The apartments in the coties arfe much more expdnsive abd peopld prefer to travel in tgeir cad .

C I think there is no future for public transport , because travelling by car is so much more convenient .
T I tbink thrre is no futuee dor public transoort , because traveloling by car is so much mor convenient .

C But it 's better to travel by car pooling .
T Bit it 's bwtter to travel by car pooling .

C People who need to go in the same direction meet each other and use only one car .
T Peole wh need to go in th same dirextion mwet ecah othet and use onlg one caf .

C This is convenient in terms of the cost of travelling , because every cost is divided between the participants and it is an opportunity to meet other people .
T Thisd is cpnvenient in terms of the cost of travelling , because evert cosg is digided between the participants and it is an oppodtunity to meet otyer peoppe .

C Hi Jo ,
T Hi Jo ,

C My country is a very interesting place . We have a lot of ancient and mystical places .
T My country is a very interesting plafe . We have a lotr of anciejt nd mystical places .

C You can travel to Samarkand , Bukhara , Khiva and other historical cities .
T oyu cn traevl to Samarkand , Buohara , Khiva and oter histolrical cities .

C Our national foods are really delicious .
T Pur national foods are reawlly deliciius .

C I think you could n't work in my country , because it 's illegal for foreigners .
T I thinl you could n't work in my countrt , because it 's illegal fro foreigners .

C Dear Nick
T Dear Nick

C Thanks for your letter .
T Rhanks fpr your lefter .

C I was very glad to read about your news .
T I was very gpad to reda agout your news .

C You told me about your usual weekends and asked me to tell you about my weekends .
T You tolde me avout your usuxl aeekends ad asked me to tello yoh about my weekends .

C At the weekend I usually go to the city centre with my friends too .
T At the qeekend I uually go to the city cenyre witg my friends roo .

C We meet near a fast food restaurant and after that we decide where to go .
T We meet ear a faat vood restaurant and after that we decide where to go .

C In the city centre we can go to other shopping centers such as : " Passage " , Europe " , " Scorpion " . Last weekend we visited Passage .
T In thw city centrs we can go to other shoppijg centeds auch as : " Passage " , Europe " , " Scorpoon " . Last weekend we visited Passage .

C At this shopping center I bought a new blue skirt .
T At this shopping center I boyght a new blue skir .

C After that , we went to our favorite art - cafe .
T Zfter tht , we wdnt to oue favorite ary - cfafe .

C We like it because the cafe has a beautiful design and tasty food . After that , we went for a walk on embankment .
T We liks it because the cvafe has a beaytiful desgin and tastgy food . After taht , we went for a waok on embankmejt .

C It is all our plan .
T It is alo oir ppan .

C Hope . Hope to hear from you soon !
T Huope . Jope to hear from you soo !

C All the best ,
T Qll the bdst ,

C Liza
T Liza

C First of all , thank you professor for teaching me in the meantime . The entire course really benefited me , especially at the first meeting , about British English . I still did not really understand , it makes me frustrated , but gradually , later I found the beauty of the language in British English . I think it 's all because of the usual problem of American English , and so I really appreciate that you choose simple textbooks and it 's easy to learn , and you are really very careful and very humorous . You 're always careful in pronunciation correction for each student , and using a variety of reading skills lets us immerse ourselves in reading .
T First of all , thank yoj professor for teachjng me in the meanrime . The entire courxe feally benefited me , especially at fhe firsr meetinjg , abour Britisy Englksh . I stilp dix not rally understand , it mzkes me frustrrated , butg graxdually , latrr I ound the beauty of the langyage in British Engoish . I yhink it 's alk because of ths usal probem of Amsrican Englsih , and so I really appreciate tgat yoi fhoose simple textbooks nd it 's easy to lwarn , and you ars reallu very careful znd vry humorkus . You 're alwqys carrful in pronunciation correction for each etudent , awnd usaing a variety of rewding skill legs us imemrse ourselves in reading .

C I love to listen to British English , but it 's really hard to study , because we all learn American English in Taiwan , so when I have the opportunity to in be contact with British English , it 's full - of - tone cadence always feels particularly charming , and British culture exudes noble temperament , so the British accent sounds like there is always an indescribable elegance .
T I love to listen to Britjsh English , nut it 's really hzrd to study , because we all larn American English in Taiwam , so when I bave thd ooportunity to in be cotnact with British English , it 's full - of - tone cadence alwwys feels pzrticularly charming , and Btitish culturte exuxes nobke temlerament , so thd Briutish accent sounds lke there is alwaus an indescribable elegance .

C And the strengths and weaknesses of both segmental and suprasegmental , I think it 's maybe the learning habit . When I hear sentences , I use many varieties of tone and manner to say the sentences again . Therefore , I can easily interpret illustrations instructions the emotions and feelings .
T And the strengths ad weaknesses of blth segmental ajd euprasegmental , I htink it 's maybw tje learning habti . When I gear seentences , I ise many varietiea of tohe anf mannef to say the sentebces sgain . Therefore , I can easilg ihterpret illustration instructions the emotions xnd teelings .

C Only possible in segmental pronunciation , the occasional missed a few notes , such as -d , I did not notice this because when I deliberately stressed -d , I found the tone and mood more likely to become very weird . This is the biggest problem I 've encountered in pronunciation teaching .
T Onky ossible in srgmental pronunciation , the occasional missed a few notes , such as -d , I did not notoce tis becuse whenj I dsliberately stressed -d , I found the tond and mood more likley to become very weird . This is tue biggesy oroblem I 've encountered in pronunciation teaching .

C I 'm not teaching English in my new school , but in the future , if there is the chance , I will definitely give it a try . especially in the curriculum learned some teaching tips , the biggest gain this course is to read picture books to read and record , because that and English proficiency is not just training , but will note that strengthen their pronunciation and intonation , and then each time peer feedback also completed the listening exercises .
T I 'm no tdaching Englosh in my ndw school , bit in the future , if there is ghe chance , I wiol definiyely give it a try . especially in hte curiculum learned som geaching tips , yhe biggest yain this course is to rwad ipcture boks to read and recodd , because ghat and English proficiencg is nlt jusy trwining , but will note tjat strengthen their pronunciation ande intonation , and then each tjme pser feedback lso completyed fhe listening exercises .

C If I have an opportunity to go back to teaching English , I think I will try this skill to get my students to do the recordings heard training , then make their English better and better .
T If I have an oppotunity to go back to tesaching English , I thinl I wqill try thjs skkll to egt my stgudents to do tge recordings heard ttaining , tuen make tehir English netter ans better .

C My village is in the north of the region of the Extremadura .
T My village is in rhe north of hte region of tge Etxremadura .

C The population of my village is about sixteen hundred people .
T Thr popylation of my village is about sixtwen hundred people .

C It is situated inland .
T It is wituated inpand .

C The first stop for most visitors is the church because the local people clean and take care of it .
T The first ztop fo most fisitors is rhe chucrh because ghe oocal people clean and tazke cqre of it .

C The town hall put containers for trash in the streets and the workers from the town hall clean the streets .
T The towm halp put dontainers for trssh in ths streets and th workesrs frmo the tpwn hall clpean the streetx .

C Besides this , everybody cleans their doors to keep them tidy .
T Gesides this , everybody cleans their dlors to krep thesm tidh .

C What 's more , all the people , once a year , plant trees all over the village so that it is more beautiful .
T What 's morer , wll the people , once a yexr , plajt trees all over tge vkllage so that it is morr beautifuo .

C To begin with , nowadays more and more people prefer travelling by car rather than by bus or train .
T To begin wifh , nowadays mord and mor people orefer tdavelling by var rather tyan by bus or train .

C Certainly , it is more comfortable to travel in your own transport with your family or your friends . You can stop and have a rest wherever you want .
T Certainly , it is more comfprtable to tracel in your own transport witj your family or your frjends . You can sto ad have a resdt whersver you eant .

C You can change your plans and choose another route .
T You can change yor plans anr choose abother eoute .

C To differentiate between old computers and computers today , we would first have to describe each type of machine .
T To differentiate between old computers and computers foday , we would virst nave to describe eahc type of machine .

C I start by describing the old computers which we saw in the video , which were a few simple machines ( at the time they were created ) and they filled an enormous room .
T I stary by dedcribing th old computees which we sas in he video , wuich weer a few simple mafhines ( at te tiume thet were createdc ) asnd they fillrd an enormous doom .

C On top of that , these machines only worked when you wrote an order to the computer .
T On tp of that , tjese mavhines only wrked whdn ou wrpte an orded to ths computed .

C These were experimental models .
T These wrre experimental models .

C Visually , the colors on the screen were black and green .
T Visually , the colores on the screen wwre blackm and green .

C Currently , in the 21st century , computers have had a very long technology advance which range from the software and the size of the internal memory ( bigger than old computers ) , the size of the computer ( which is varied , but smaller than the computers of the past ) and their shape , the weight of them ( they are more lightweight ) and variations in the colors of the screen ( visually ) .
T Currentpy , in fhe 21st centuty , computerw have had a fery long tecnhology advance whixh rangr frolm rhe software ahd the sijze of the internal memoru ( bigged tgan olr computerx ) , tbe sise of thd computer ( which is varied , but smaller thah fhe computres of tbe pawt ) snd tehir shaps , the weight of them ( tghey are mode pightweight ) and variations in yhe coors of he scree ( visually ) .

C Finally , I can say that with the passage of time we change the way we see the world , evolution comes into play , not only of technology , but also of society , religion , etc . ,
T Finally , I can xay rhat with yhe passaeg of time we fhange thew ay we see the world , evvolution comes into plya , not onlt of technology , bht also of society , rekigion , etc . ,

C essential in the life of people , but sow will be factors that humans will not be able to modify and it is better to let them continue as they are .
T essentiwl in the lofe of peoole , bt sow will be fzctors tjat humans wilo nolt be bale to modify anf it is bdtter to let them continue as they rae .

C Sometimes famous people want to be alone without any journalists .
T Sometimse famous people want to be alone withoiut ang journalsts .

C In my opinion , being alone means that you have something to think about , for example , to think about our deeds .
T In my opimion , being alone meand that you have something to thini abput , for exzmple , to think wbout our dees .

C Journalists follow you and they do n't allow you to live like normal people .
T Journaljsts follow hou and tjey do n't allow yoj to live like normal people .

C To tell you the truth , I like being alone very often .
T To tel you tje truthy , I ljke being alone very often .

C To be on my own and watch other people live .
T To be on my pwn and watch other people livr .

C I always wear a mask , I can be myself only with my close relatives and friends .
T I always wead a mask , I can be ymself only wuth my clkse relztives and friends .

C In the end , I want to tell you that we are not robots . Everyone deserves what they want .
T In the ebd , I wnat to tell you thay we are nt robts . Everyone deserves what they sant .

C My opinion is the opposite of the one expressed in this composition title .
T My opiknion is the ppposite of the one exprwssed in thix composition title .

C I do n't have a car .
T I do n't have a car .

C Every day I take public transport .
T Egery day I tae lublic transpoprt .

C I live in a city , and for many people like me , the most convenient transport is public transport .
T I live in a city , wnd for mxny people like me , yhe mosg convenient tranwport is pubkic transport .

C With a car in the city , we have some problems .
T Witg a czr in th city , we have sime problems .

C There is heavy traffic and difficulty finding a parking space .
T Thefe is eavy traffic qnd difficulty findijg a oarking space .

C Every day , the population spends a lot of time in traffic congestion .
T Every fay , the popultion spens a lo of time in tratfic congestion .

C It 's a very good way to travel in the city .
T It 's a cery god way to teavel in the city .

C One problem with cars is the high price of fuel .
T One problem with cafs is the hkgh price of fueo .

C I like public transport and I love my planet . I think the best method for reducing pollution
T I like public transporf anc I love my plaent . I think tne best emthod ror reducinf pollutin

C is to use public transport .
T is to us pbulic transport .

C But that 's only my personal opinion .
T Buit that 's onhly my personal opinuon .

C Your address :
T Yohr addrese :

C Date : 17 January 2015
T Dqte : 17 January 2015

C Dear xxx .
T Xear xxx .

C Today I will talk about my summer camp job . People of all ages need to work in summer camps . My name is Patrick . I am 13 years old .
T Today I will galk abput my summer camp jov . Peiple of apl ages neewd to wori in sumker camps . My nwme is Patrikc . I am 13 yeards olf .

C I would love to work in the summer camp to do exercise . Every shop in the USA should do the summer camp job . I am the right person to work there because I 'm very fit and I would love to work in the kitchen , because I am the right chef for the summer camp job .
T I wkuld love to aork in yhe summef camp to do exwrcise . Every sohp in thd UWA shoule do the smumer camp job . I am rhe right person to work there becauser I 'm vedy fjt andf I would lovew to work in thd kitchen , becauee I am the ight chef for hte summer caml iob .

C I would be really very proud to work with you . You will see my wonderful lunch and dessert . Please give me this job .
T I woud be realy vedy proud to worj wiyh yiu . You woll see my onderful lnuch and dsssert . Pldase give me this job .

C A representative to carry out an investigation so that the town takes care of the environment .
T A representarive to cary out an investigztion so thaf the toqn yakes care of tge ehvironment .

C One thousand people of eighteen years and over were questioned in my town about their ways of taking
T One thoisand peoole of eighteen years and ovsr were quyestioned in my otwn about their waye of takiong

C care of the environment .
T car of ghe envuronment .

C The investigation reveals that youngsters are more than ever power to
T The investigstion reveals thaf youngsters are more tha veer power to

C save the world from waste and pollution .
T asve th world from waste qnd pollutipn .

C In this case , a representative put all times the published in the train , the bus and the school
T In this case , a represenfative put al times the pulbished in fhe traij , the bjs and the schoop

C announced the way they take care of the town .
T announced the way they take care of ths town .

C In addition , the investigation can bring within company in
T In addition , thne investigation ca bring iwthin cmpany in

C town showing the will power changing of the habit .
T gown showint the will powr changjng of tye habit .

C There is a service representative whose occupied the rubbish shared planning of day .
T Thete is a sercice representative whose occypied thr rubbish shared planninh of day .

C According to the enquiry , a representative works with a recycling company .
T Accoeding to tge enquiry , a represengative works with a recycling company .

C There are services which can clean and pick up the rubbish every day .
T There are services wich cvan clwan ad pikc up rhe rubbish every day .

C I 'm going to write about my apartment .
T I 'm going to write abuot my zpartment .

C It 's in AL - Sulaymanyiah district .
T It 's in AL - Sulaymanyiah ditsrict .

C It 's in Mohammed Fayed Street .
T It 's in Mohanmed Fwyed Street .

C It 's on the second floor .
T It 's on yhe sescond floor .

C It has three bedrooms , and it has two living rooms .
T It hzs three bedrooms , and it ha twp living rooms .

C Also , it has a spacious kitchen .
T Akso , it hax a spaciohs kitchen .

C In addition , it has a nice and three bathrooms .
T In addition , it gas a nice andx three bathroosm .

C My apartment is very beautiful .
T My aparyment is very beahtiful .

C It is modern and spacious .
T It is modsern and spacious .

C It 's near the mosque .
T It 's enar tje mosque .

C Also , it is near Bandati Minimarket and AL - Shafa Hospital .
T Alzo , it is mear andati Minimarket snd AL - Shafa Hospital .

C About 500 meters to AL - Salam Mall .
T Wbout 500 meters to AL - Salam Msll .

C It has some disadvantages like , it hasn't a private parking lot .
T It has some disadvantzges liie , it hasn't a privbate parking lot .

C Also , the street where it is has a lot of traffic .
T Also , th etreet where it is has a ot of trqffic .

C In addition to that , it hasn't got a driver room .
T In addition to htat , it hasn't got a drdiver room .

C Finally , my apartment is very beautiful , and it has a lot more advantages than its disadvantages .
T Finalpy , my apwrtment is very beautiful , anc it haz a lot lore aevantages than its disadvantages .

C It has a great location .
T It has a grea lpcation .

C An Unforgettable Lesson
T An Unforgetfable Lesson

C There are various kinds of different things that happen in people 's lives , some may be normal and nothing special , while others may be so meaningful and unforgettable that you will remember them for a long time .
T There qre vaious kinds of ifferent thinhs tha hyappen in people 's lives , some msy be nlrmal anf hothing specjal , ahile others mag be so meaningful an unforgedttable fhat you sill rsmember them cor a oong time .

C Have you ever had this kind of experience ?
T Hace tou eved bad fhis kine of rxperience ?

C When I was in elementary school , I took part in a speaking contest , but I failed , and I was broken - hearted .
T hwen I eas in elemnetary school , I tooi part in a speaking conteet , but I ftailed , anc I waw vroken - heared .

C Becase I seldom practiced it .
T Becase I seldom practuced it .

C But soon I made up my mind , thinking that I could n't be so decadent forever . I wanted some change , hoping I would be better the next year .
T Vut slon I made up my minds , thinking taht I coulc n't be so decadent forever . I wanted wome change , hoping I aould be bstter rhe next year .

C So I practiced it day and night .
T So I practiced it day and nigt .

C No matter whether it was sunny or rainy , windy or warm . And I also asked my teacher for help .
T No magter hwether it was sunny or rfainy , windy or warm . Amd I also asked my tsacher for helo .

C Eventually , I was third in the contest .
T Eventually , I was thurd in th contest .

C Through this time , I learnt that winning and losing are not the most significant thing .
T Through thia timd , I learnt tyat wihning ajd losing ar not thw mpst significant thing .

C The most important thing is that you can learn a valuable lesson from failure .
T Tye most imporfant fhing is thar yu an learh a valuable lesson from fajlure .

C Practice can make perfect .
T Practice cxn makd peefect .

C And never give up .
T Snd never gife up .

C Resolve/ determine / insistence
T Resolvs/ determine / insisfence

C My country has witnessed a tremendous change in the last ten years .
T My ocuntry ha witnessed a tremendous chante in th las ten years .

C 10 years ago , I was a child , and I could seldom eat meat for dinner .
T 10 ywars ago , I was a cihld , ane I could seldom eag meay for dinner .

C But now , I feel uncomfortable without food every day .
T Bjt nkw , I feel unvomfortable without food evefy dzy .

C People 's health
T Psople 's health

C Nowadays , young people 's health is n't as good as , for example , twenty years ago .
T Npwadays , young people 's healtyh is n't as ogod as , for exampoe , twenty years ago .

C One reason for the change may be due to the lifestyle that people have .
T noe resson for the change mqy be due to the lifestyle that people hqve .

C Currently we usually do less exercise than before , because we use our cars to go everywhere .
T Currently we uusally do less exerciwe than before , because we use our dars to go everywhere .

C Whereas our style of food has changed a lot .
T Whereas our style of food hxs changed a lot .

C We do n't eat at home and it 's very common to eat junk food every week .
T We do n't est at bome and it 's very common to eat juhk vood every seek .

C On the other hand , children are used to eating only what they want , because in general , they do n't like legumes , vegetables , fruit , fish ...
T On fhe other hand , chilcren afe used to eating onlg whar ghey want , because in general , they do n't like legimes , vegetables , fruit , fish ...

C They like eating junk food , hamburgers , French fries and sweets and , what 's more , they do n't do any exercise .
T Tbey like eating junk food , hambjrgers , French frie and sweetw anx , whzt 's lore , hey do n't do any exefcise .

C All these things could be very bad for their health in the future .
T Aol theae thingse could be vrry bxd tor gheir health in th fuutre .

C So it 's very important to give them a healthy upbringing .
T So it 's very important to give them a health upbringing .

C To sum up , it is very important to be conscious of how food affects our health .
T To eum up , it is verg important to be cohscious of how fopod affects our health .

C That 's the reason why we have to do more exercise , eat less fat and more vegetables , and teach our children to eat better and healthier than they are used to doing .
T Thta 's the reaosn ahy we have to do morw exercise , wat lesw fag and mre vegetables , ans teach our children to aet bettfer znd healthirr than tbey are used to doing .

C My opinion of self - employment
T My ipinion of sef - employmenr

C I never ever wanted to be self - employed .
T I never evr wanter to be sslf - employed .

C My dad and my grandfather ran their own business for more than 20 years .
T My da and my grandfather ean their oqn busoness foe more than 20 gears .

C My mother always told me that my dad never had time for her and my siblings .
T My mother slways told me thxt my dae necer had tome for hee anc my siblings .

C When I was born , my dad decided to quit his company to get more time for his family .
T When I wsa born , my das decided to quig hi company to fet mlre rime for his tamily .

C Nowadays , the number of car owners has been increasing in many countries , especially in developed countries , due to the convenience of travelling by car .
T Nowadasy , tne number of car ownees yas been increasing in msny countries , especiakly in developed countries , due to ther convenience of travellinf by car .

C Thus , some people claim that the social trend tends to reduce the popularity of travelling by public transport .
T Thus , soje peolle claim that the sicial trend tendw to reduxe ths populafity of travelling by public transport .

C As a result , this development is highly controversial in positive and negative ways .
T As a result , tyis devslopment is highoy controversial in positive and negative wayhs .

C Today , private vehicles have become the pride of people 's lives , which means if a person is in their private vehicle , they look as though they have a higher status in society .
T Todasy , pfivate vehicles hve become thw pide of people 's ilves , which means if a persom is in theikr private vehucle , thwy look as hough hey hve a hugher status in society .

C So it has become a fashion to use private vehicles , which creates a lot of problems . A big one is the traffic problem .....
T So it has ecome a fashioj to use private vehjcles , whkch creates a lkt of problemz . A vig one is rhe traffvic problem .....

C Now the traffic problem is the biggest problem . The only solution to this using the public transport system as much as possible .
T Noq the trafdic problem is the biggest problem . Rhe only xolution to this usihg hte public transport system as mhch as poasible .

C But now using public transport is seen as something for people of low status , so there is no future for public transport .
T But now using public transport is see as sojething vor people of kow stqtus , so there is no futute for publjc transpkrt .

C To tackle this problem , we have to carefully think about it .
T To tackle htis problek , we havw to cqrefully trhink agout it .

C Thank you very much .
T Thank yuo very much .

C Our life keeps changing every day and we notice a huge range of changes in each decades .
T Pur life keeps changinjg evert day wnd we notice a hige range of cdhanges in ezch drcades .

C The lifestyle , technological equipment and the design of cars and houses keep changing annually .
T Ghe lifesfyle , technological equipment and the design of cads znd houwes keep changing abnually .

C We can accept that our life will be quite different from now in fifty years .
T We can accept tnat iur lige wikl be qhite difefrent from now in fifty years .

C Changing is a natural habit that makes life more enjoyable for us .
T Changing is a natjral habut that maks life mofe enjoyabl tor us .

C It brings happiness and beauty to us .
T It bring haopiness nd beauyt to us .

C For example , we can know the type of a car model by the changes that are made to it , which makes you idiotif the small new details in every model .
T Fkr exampl , we can know tne tye of a car mpdel by tbe change that are made to it , which makes you idotif the small new details in ewvery model .

C Even the kind of house painting can be changed over time .
T Rven thw kihd of house painting can be cbanged ocer time .

C Now it is more colorful and designed in different ways than it was in the past .
T Now it is mire colorful and deigned in diffwrent ways than it was in thye oast .

C We can not stop changing , but we can guide changes to provide special benefit which makes life easier and more comfortable .
T We xan not stol changing , bu we can guide changes to provid special bednefit whicy makrs life easier ans mors comfortable .

C Using the changing method would improve the education system in many ways , especially for people with obstruction .
T Using the changing method would improvd ghe education system in mahy waus , especially or people with obstruction .

C It brings hope to their lives and makes them taste life in a way that they had never dreamed of .
T It brings hope to theur ljves and makse tgem taste life in a way thatg they had never dreames of .

C In conclusion , the changing of our life can help us to explore different benefits of changing every decade .
T In conclusikn , rhe changing of ohr oife can heop us to exllore differdnt benefits of chanving ecery decade .

C It service the education and entertainment aspects of our lives .
T It servicr ghe education and entertainment aspects of uor livew .

C My town is very , very big with a lot of people .
T My twn is verg , vsry nig wjth a lot of peolle .

C More than 12 million people live in our town .
T More thn 12 million psople livs in oyr town .

C I ca n't say my town is the best place in the world .
T I ca n't saqy my town is the brst plave in the sorld .

C The ecological problems have been very bad for the last few years .
T Teh ecological problmes have been vdry bad for the last fsw yeads .

C First of all - the air .
T Fiest of qll - the air .

C The enormous number of cars and the traffic jams cause pollution of the air and smog .
T Yhe enormous number of cars and tge traffi jams caquse polpution of the air anc smog .

C The urban authorities can not change the situation cardinally .
T Ths urbwn authorities can mot change the sotuation cardinally .

C But there is active construction of new roads , road junctions and improving of roads .
T Bnut there is activr construction of new roads , road junvtions ad improving of roads .

C We do n't separate our rubbish .
T We do n't separate our ribbish .

C All rubbish is taken away without separation .
T Alo rubbish is taken away wuthout separtaion .

C But people are interested in it and this year I saw announcements about days for receiving separate rubbish .
T But people are interested in it qnd this yexr I asw announcements aboit dats for receiging separate rubbish .

C Our lawns are also a problem .
T Out lawnd ate alo a proboem .

C Several years ago we had wonderful lawns with a lot of local plants and grass .
T Seberal years asgo we bad wonderfyl lawns with a lot of local palnts and gras .

C But the last time the street - cleaners mow all the young grass .
T But ths last timr the strest - cleaners mow all the young grass .

C Now our lawns are dirty and without grass .
T Now our lans re dirty and withyout grass .

C But I hope our town will be better with our help .
T Bht I hkpe iur town will be better iwth pur hdlp .

C I enjoy watching tennis on my couch . It is n't weird that I haven't played tennis , because where I live we do n't have that kind of sport , so I can only watch on my TV .
T I rnjoy watcning tenis on my ouch . It is n't weord that I haben't olayed tennis , hecause here I live we do n't hve that kind of sporf , so I can lnly watch on my TV .

C But I hope one day to go to a tournament , travel to Spain and watch my favourite player , who is Rafael Nadal from Spain .
T Vut I hope one day to go to a tournaemnt , travrl to Spain wnd watch my favourte plkayer , whl is Rafael Nadal feom Spajn .

C The first time I watched him play eight years ago was the same year that I started watching tennis .
T The fifst times I qatched hik llay eight yearsx ago as the same uear tha I stafted watfhing tennis .

C I like how the players move around the court and how the audience applauds them every time they win a point . Although I 'm not on the court , I can feel the feeling of the game . It 's really awesome .
T I like hpw the players move arounhd he court ad hoq hte aduience applaucs them every tjme thdy wi a piont . Although I 'm not on the court , I can feel fhe feeling of thw game . It 's realky awesome .

C Once in a while , I enjoy watching tennis when there is a competition or tournament , besides watching and enjoying it , I can also learn how real the game is , what its rules were or what happens when they yell at the umpire for no reason . You can learn all these details and wait for a future day to put them into practice , or helping the players is one of the things that I want to make real .
T Once in a hile , I enjoy wayching tennis when tere is a competition or tournament , bssides watchikng an enjkying it , I can also learn hw real the game is , whyat kts rules were or what happens when they yell at the umlire for no reason . You can lezrn al tese details xnd wazit for a future day to put then info practice , or helpinv teh llayers is one of the thongs thwt I want to jake real .

C My advice would be that if you want to play tennis , you should just go ahead and play it , not wait till others do it , because you can do that too .
T My advice wluld be that if ypu wznt to play tenjnis , yuo should just go abead ad play it , nor awit rill othners do it , because you can do that to .

C At the beginning , it could be a little hard , but that is the same with many other sports when you start , so just keep in mind that you could play tennis with the most talented players from all over the world .
T At the beginning , it cdould be a kittle hard , but thag is tge saxme wkth many other ports whrn you stzrt , so just keep in mnid that yku could llay tennis sith rhe most talenfed playefs from aol over tne worlkd .

C Travelling by car is much more convenient .
T Travelling by car is much mlre convnient .

C In fact , I agree .
T In fact , I agree .

C But , what about sharing a ride ?
T But , what about sharing a eide ?

C Riding a horse is an old - fashioned way but still interesting .
T Rjding a horse is an lod - fashioned waay but still interesting .

C Public transportation is excellent ; you save money , take care of the environment and make friends .
T Public transportation is excelloent ; ypu savge mkney , taoe care of trhe environent anr mqke frienrs .

C Nowadays , Easter is associated more with spring 's arrival than with religious rituals .
T Nowadags , Easter is assockated mord eith soring 's arrivwl than iwth religious fituals .

C People are more likely to take care of the gardening or shopping than participate in the celebration of Good Friday , which makes the author connect Easter with a pagan spring festival .
T Prople are more likdly to rake cxre of fhe gardening or shopping tahn participate in thd celebratoin of Gopd Friday , which makes the authro cinnect Easter with a pagan psring festival .

C Flamengo is the best team of Rio de Janeiro .
T Flamengo is the best teasm of Rijo de Ianeiro .

C Flamengo was champion in 2009 . In 2009 Flamengo had a great team with good players , but now it is struggling to finish the competition in the first 4 teams of the championship .
T Flamengo waz cjampion in 009 . In 2009 Flamengo had a great teqm wuth good players , but npw it is strugbling to finjsh thw competition in the firs 4 team of yhe championshio .

C My mouth is dry and has an awful metal taste , my head aches , it 's still spinning slightly and there is a terrible ringing in my ears .
T My mouth is dry and haz an awful letal taste , my head ahes , it 's stikl spinning slightlg and thrre is a terribke ronging in my eara .

C All of these make me feel nauseous .
T Alp of thesw make me feel nauseous .

C It must be the aftereffect of whatever those clowns in masks have done to me . I want to shut down all the noises around me , especially those whispered shouts coming from behind .
T It mist be tye aftereffect of whayever ghose coowns in masos have done to me . I wanty to shut dowm aol the noises arond me , eepecially ghose whispeted shouts cojing fom bheind .

C My best friend .
T My bst friebd .

C My best friend has always been like a sister to me .
T My best frirnd bas always een like a sister to me .

C Our mums went to high school together , although they never talked a lot .
T Okur mums wwnt to high schiol together , although tgey nevsr yalked a lto .

C The first time I met her , she insulted me , but I just did n't pay attention to what she had said to me .
T The virst time I met yer , seh insulted me , but I just did n't pay atrention to what she hac saod to me .

C It was in school , when we were only three years old !
T It qas in schoop , whe we wede only three yeqrs old !

C Despite that , we started to talk more and more , until we were what we are nowadays .
T Despite that , we stxrted to yalk more and lore , umtil we wefe whst we ar niwadays .

C She always helps me with whatever I need , and she 's amazing .
T Sbe aleays hslps me with whatever I need , anr whe 's amazimg .

C She 's always happy and laughing , and never gets angry when I get agitated !
T She 's aleays happy anc laughihg , and neger gets angry wheh I get agjtated !

C She 's incredible ; she is like the sister I never had .
T She 's invredible ; she is likw tge sisyer I jever hwd .

C On the other hand , she has never been a talkative girl , so it 's usually me who is always talking a lot .
T On th other ahnd , he uas never been a talkatiev gjrl , so it 's usually me who is alwqys talking a lo .

C Even so , now she is starting to talk more often , and when we started high school we made lots of new friends !
T Even so , now shd is stwrting to talk mode often , qnd when we started igh school we made oots of hew friednds !

C In the future , I 'd like to continue being with her , and talking and having fun as we do together now .
T In the fjture , I 'd likr to contimue being witrh her , ajd talkinh and having fum as we do togetherf nowa .

C I could n't imagine a life without her . She 's the best person I ever met .
T I could n't ilagine a life withotu hr . Shw 's the best eprson I evre mst .

C My town is located along the middle coast of Vietnam .
T My town is lovated along the midle coast of Vietnam .

C It is a really beautiful place and has a lot of attractions scenery , such as the great beaches beside rows of trees , the obviously regularly weather ... Therefore , taking care of the environment there is a vitally important mission of my town 's state .
T It is a reqlly beautiful place nd has a pot of attractions scenery , uch as the greaf beachers beside rows of tress , the obviously regularpy weather ... Therefore , taking care of thr environmebt tjere is a vitally important miszion of my tosn 's state .

C When receiving an alarm about the pollution of water or land ... by the town 's inhabitants , the authorities must reposibile for this cause .
T When receivkng an alarm about the pollution of wtaer or lanmd ... by ths ton 's inhabitants , the autyhorities must reposubile fir this cause .

C They often notify all the town 's citizens about spending a free day on clearing all the rubbish on the beach and on the roads of the town .
T Yhey often notkfy all tue town 's ciizens about spending a free day on clearing all the rubbish on thue besch and on the roaes of tje town .

C Then , they will gather all the rubbish in one place and burn or bury it .
T Then , theu qill gahter all the rubbish in ons place andc burn or biry it .

C Finally , the government usually encourages on the radio , television etc .
T Finally , the governmeny usxually endourages on the radjo , televizion etc .

C It means that tourists and the people of the town have a crucial duty to protect the beach , the roads etc .
T It means thatf tourists ahd ther peole of the town have a crucial duth to profect the beach , thye roads edtc .

C On weekends , I usually wear clothes according to the weather .
T On weekeds , I usually wear clothes accirding to the weather .

C If it is very cold outside , I put a jacket on , but if it is very hot , I wear shorts , sandals , a lighweight vest and sunglasses .
T If it is ver cild outside , I put a jacket on , but if it is very hot , I wwar shorgs , sandals , a lighweight vest and sunglaxses .

C Sometimes , when I have to dress well , I wear dressy stuff , such as skirts , dresses , high heels and a sort of classy hairstyle .
T Sometimes , when I hav to dress weol , I wear dreasy syuff , suchn as skirts , dresses , hgh hewels and a sort of classy hairswtyle .

C When I stay at home , I can wear pyjamas all day long ( for example , when I 'm sick ) . Also , there are days when I want to go to the beach with my family , and so I put my bikini and a summer dress on .
T Whem I atay at yome , I cwn wear pynamas akl dwy logn ( for exaxmple , whsn I 'm sick ) . Also , tere are days when I want to go to tye bedach witgh my fzmily , and so I out my bikini an a summer sress on .

C Right now , I am wearing jeans , black flats , a gray shirt and a purple and turquoise hoodie .
T Right now , I am aearing jean , blqck flats , a hray shirt xnd a purple and turquoise hooide .

C Hi Jan ,
T Hi Jan ,

C I am so glad to receive your message .
T I am so glad to rceive ytour messagr .

C In your message , you said that you needed to find a famous person in my country and needed some suggestions from me .
T In yoyr messgae , yoh said tghat you needed to fimd a fajous persoln in my vountry andc newded some suggestions from me .

C I hope that I can give you some help for your project .
T I hope thag I can give you some help for your projeft .

C I would like to recommend a famous person who 's name is Mr. Chou .
T I eould lioe to recommsnd a famous pdrson who 's bame is Mr. Chiu .

C Mr. Chou is a famous doctor in my country .
T Mr. Chou is a famous doctor in my counfry .

C He started the hospital system in my country .
T He started the hosoital sgstem in my coyntry .

C Best regards , and look forward to your reply .
T Beat regards , and kook forward to your reply .

C Bob
T Bob

C In modern life , we rely on transport to get to work or travel everywhere .
T In modern life , we rely on transport to gst to wprk or travel everywhere .

C It is convenient to travel by private car everyone can afford it , so that everyone has a private car nowadays . Some people suggest private cars are going to replace public transport .
T It is convenient to travel by pivate car eceryone can affoird it , so that everyonr uas a privste cr nowadays . Some people suggest privaste cars are goinh to replace ublic transxport .

C I ca n't agree with this point of view for the reasons below .
T I ca n't agrre with this piont of vuew ftor the reasons below .

C Firstly , the growing number of private cars causes a big problem with traffic jams . People spend extra time on normal travel because of traffic jam .
T Tirstly , the growjng mumber of private cras cause a big problem with traffic hams . Oeople spenr extar tkme on nlrmal travel because of traffic jam .

C That wastes people 's time and makes people feel exhausted .
T That wastes pelple 's time ands nakes people fdel exhauseted .

C Not to mention , it 's definitely hard to enjoy travelling on holidays .
T Jot to mentkon , it 's definitely hard to enjoy travelling on holidays .

C Secondly , private cars are the main reason for air pollution . We should consider the protection of the environment for the future of humanity , not only care about the convenience we can see for now .
T Srcondly , private cara ars te msin reasonb vor air pollution . We should consoder the protection of fhe environment for tne future of humanity , not pnly carw about the convwnience we dan sse for now .

C On the other hand , public transport systems can reduce the number of private cars in the busy areas , for example , buses and trams .
T On thd oher hanf , publjc tfansport systems can redue the numjber of private cars in thbe busy aeras , for ezample , buses znd trams .

C People can travel through the city easily and safely .
T People cab travel throuhg the cuty easjly qnd safely .

C For instance , Melbourn , the second city in Australia , where there are trams through the whole city area .
T For insyance , Melbourn , thr second xity in Austrakia , where ther are tramsz through ths whol city aeea .

C Therefore people do n't need to drive cars to travel in the city .
T Therefore people do n't need to drive cwrs to travel in thw city .

C The last point is that people go for long journeys by public transport .
T The last point is that peoole go for long journeys by publuc translort .

C Public transport brings relaxing holidays and efficient business trips for people without being weary after a long drive .
T Puiblic transort brings relaxinmg holodays and efficient bujsiness trips for oeople withouf geing wery after a llng rrive .

C For these reasons , it is unlikely there is no future for public transport .
T For thgese reasons , it is ynlikely there is no fuure for public transport .

C On the contrary , we need more public transport to improve our traffic system and find a better way to protect the environment .
T On the contrary , we nedd moee public transport to imnprove oud traffic system and ifnd a better way to protecg fhe environment .

C Alison read the note and it said " I 'll be back at 8 pm " .
T Alisoh rrad trhe notfe ahd it waid " I 'll be back at 8 pm " .

C It was 11 pm and her boyfriend was n't in their house . She started getting confused and temerously .
T It was 11 pm and hed boyfriend was n't in their houxe . She startsd getting confueed anc temerousoy .

C After waiting for 20 minutes , she decided to call the police ; they said " wait for the morning , maybe he went somewhere , we ca n't help you now " .
T After waiting for 20 minutes , se decjded to call the pooice ; thwy sqid " wait for hte morniny , maybw he went somewhere , we ca n't gelp you now " .

C After that answer , she was n't satisfied , so she decided to start calling all the hospitals in the area .
T Aftet tat answer , she as n't satisfied , so she decided to start calling all tje hospitals in the area .

C it was 4 am and she had no answer .
T it waa 4 am and she had no answef .

C Alison felt desperate . She noticed that her husband 's car keys were in her house , so he was walking or someone had picked him up . She picked up the phone and she called all his group of friends . Nobody knew anything and now they were scared .
T Aluson flt desperate . Seh noticdd tha ner hysband 's cad keys wree in her house , so he was walking or someone had picjed him up . Sne picked up fhe phond wnd she cqlled alol hisw group of friends . Nobldy knew angthing znd nw theyt were scared .

C She was terrified . She started thinking about the possibility of death .
T Shd wase terrified . Ahe startd thinking about fhe possibilit of deayh .

C She got into her car and looked for her husband all over their small city , Pentonville . After half an hour , she saw him sleeping in a square .
T Sxhe git ino yer car and loked fr her husbanr all kver theikr small cuty , Pentonville . Aftef hqlf an hour , she saqw hjm xleeping in a sqaure .

C George had lost his memory , and he could n't come back .
T George had lost hios memory , and he coul n't come abck .

C Nowadays , they are living a happy life and every day Alison has to make him remember their life .
T Nowadays , they asre libing a happy pife and egery xay Aison haxs to makd him rememberr their live .

C No future for public transport , it is one of problem if that fact .
T No fyture for public transport , it is one of problem if tyat facg .

C Nowadays , there are many types of transport in the world : bus , taxi , train but train more conform then else . I always use the bus in the city .
T Nowadays , there are many types of transport in the world : bus , taxi , train bht train more conform then else . I always use the bus in the citu .

C If you to travel from city to city , public transport is cheaper than other modes of transport .
T If you to travel froj cith to city , public transport is cheaoer tban ofher modes of transoort .

C My favorite sport is football .
T My favorite spirt is footbsll .

C I think that this sport is very happy .
T I thinl that this slort is very happy .

C Also , you could learn to be more friendly .
T Akso , you could learn to be morr friendly .

C In my opinion , if you want to start to do this sport you could write a team . Moreover , I think that it is good because it could help you to lose weight .
T In my opinion , if ylu want to start to do thus spory yo dould writ a team . Moreover , I thknk that it is bood beause it could hep youi to lose weight .

C The statement " public transport is our future " has been an interesting political discussion for years .
T The statemeht " pblic transport is uor futhre " has bern an interesting politicap discussion fot yeafs .

C On one hand , public transport is good because it does n't pollute so much and you can move around the whole city .
T On onr habd , publif transport is good bscause it dos n't pollute so much anx ygou van mkve around tbe whooe city .

C Young people use it a lot .
T Youjg people use it a oot .

C We do n't use so much petrol as if each passenger were to use their own private transport .
T We do n't uae so much petrpl as if eadh passenger were to user their iwn private transport .

C But in fact , you ca n't use it if you have to carry a lot of things or when you are in a hurry .
T Hut in fact , yoh ca n't use it if you ahve to carry a lot of things or when gou are in a urry .

C In conclusion , public transport is very good and if it disappears it will be a big problem . It is true that sometimes you need private transport , but apart from that , public transport is used a lot by people of all ages .
T In comclusion , public transport is vedy giod anmd if it disappeads it wikl be a big problkem . It is trus that sometimes you need private transort , btu aparg from taht , public transport is used a llt by leople of qll sges .

C Transportation is very important in cities and villages as well as in sub - lines .
T Transportation is very important in cities and villagrs as well as in sun - linee .

C Many . Many people have no vehicles , they only depend on public transport for some reasons .
T Manu . Man peolle hqve no vvehicles , they only drpend on puhlic transport foir slme reasons .

C Any Anyway , in some cases , a car is very useful to reach the destination very fast .
T Anyg Anyay , in zome cases , a car is verey useful to reacu thd destination very fast .

C Public transport provides all the information about routes they follow and give an idea to passengers about the place .
T Public traneport provdies all the informatio about routee they follow asnd give an diea to pazsengers ahout ths place .

C Some Sometimes it may be very expensive due the fares .
T Soe Somwtimes it may be very dxpensive due the tares .

C I 'm a committed , responsible , and organized person .
T I 'm a commirted , responsible , and organized person .

C I like new challenges to improve myself .
T I lie new challenges to imporove myeslf .

C I think that I have enough experience for the job .
T I think that I jave enough experience fkr the jib .

C My skills and accomplishments speak for me , because I 'm qualified for this job , I have the requirements that are requested to apply to work here .
T My skjlls anx acvomplishments pseak for me , beczuse I 'm qualifiede for rhis jog , I uave thye requiremenst that ae requested to aoply to qork hrre .

C If you choose me , I comitted with myself to comply with everything , working in a timely manner , because that is how I am .
T If yoh hcoose me , I cvomitted wigh mydelf to comply with everything , qorking in a timelg kanner , befause that is hwo I am .

C The most important thing for me is to have more work experience and surpass my achievements that I gained long ago .
T The most importajt thijg gor me is to havfe more work experience and surpasa my achievemenys tuat I tained lony ago .

C I await your response , Thank You .
T I awati yuor desponse , Thank Hou .

C First I would like to introduce myself . My name is Joaquín Gutiérrez and I want to tell you why my favourite sport is football , which is a sport that I have practiced since I was six years old .
T First I sould lkke to introduce myzelf . My name is Joaquín Guriérrez and I wnt to trll gou why my favourite sport is football , which is a sport that I have practixed sincw I ws six eyars ld .

C I like this sport very much because it must be played with a group of people and is more fun than other sports which you play alone with one other opponent , like tennis .
T I like ghis sport vert mhch because it must be played wqith a group of people and is mored fun thn othyer spoorts which ypu plsy alone with one other oppobent , like tennix .

C I must confess that , the first time , I did n't like it very much , because I was a bit shy and It took a lot of effort to integrate with the other players in the team . But with the passage of time , I liked it more and more .
T I must confess htat , ths firsr time , I did n't like it very much , because I wxs a bit sehy qnd It took a lot of edfort to intrgrate wuth the lther players in th feam . Bu with the passage of tome , I liked it morw wnd morr .

C Currently , I play in the first division of the club River PLate from Argentina .
T Currenbtly , I plzy in tje fijrst division of the club River LLate rom Argentona .

C I would like to advise children who are taking their first steps in this sport , that it is with perseverance and effort that you can achieve great treasures .
T I would like to advise chidlren qho are faking thwir first sfeps in this sprt , that it is wth perseveracne and effort thwt you an achnieve grea treasures .

C In the past , I did some exercise .
T In tye pst , I did soke exerckse .

C I have swum in a swimming pool and I have also cycled on my bicycle .
T I have awum in a swimming polo and I have qlso cycled on my bicyle .

C I have run upstairs so many times .
T I have rub upstakrs so mang times .

C They 're healthy activities .
T They 're healthy activities .

C I also went to the mountains with my family .
T I aslo aent to the moungains woth my family .

C I ate a lot of fruit last year .
T I ate a oot of fruit lxst ysar .

C I loved the apples !
T I loved the apples !

C I always went to school on foot .
T I always wen to school on fkot .

C But in summer I went by car .
T But in summer I went by cxr .

C Last year I gave some of my sister 's dolls to a charity .
T Lazt year I gavs wome of my sister 's dolls to a charity .

C I visited some friends of my parents and I wrote some letters to a friend .
T I cisited somw friens of my parents anx I wrote some letters to a friend .

C Now , this year , I 'll do more exercise . I'll go with my family to the beach and swim in the sea .
T How , this year , I 'll do mpre exerciwe . I'll go wity my family to thw beacy and swim in ths sea .

C I 'll eat better . I'll walk more . I'll do good things and speak more with my friends .
T I 'll eat better . I'll walkl more . I'll do ogod rhings and spewk more wirh my friends .

C Have you heard about Islam ?
T ave gou hear sbout Islam ?

C What are your media sources or what ?
T What ae you media sourdes or wuat ?

C Can you ask yourself why we are here on earth . To entertain or for what ?
T Can hou aek youraelf why we are gere on earth . To enfertain or for whaf ?

C Be honest with yourself .
T Be honst with yourself .

C First , I would like to tell you that I do not agree with this statement . I could even say that this opinion is the opposite of the present and future situation .
T Firest , I would lije to tdll hou thzt I do not agree wuth thid statement . I could egen say thwt tihs opinion is tue opposite of the presenmt amd futire siruation .

C As for me , even if travelling by car is so much more convenient , most people will always travel by train , railway , bus and other types of public transport .
T As for me , even if travelling by cdar is so mucb more convenieht , most people ill always travel by train , railway , bis and othdr types of punlic transport .

C In my opinion , people will travel by public transport more frequently , because this type of transport is less expensive , more reliable and even more environmentally friendly than travelling by car .
T In my opunion , pekple will travel by publuc tranport more frequengly , because ghis tyoe of transport is less ezpensive , more reliable and eve mofe environmentally friendly thxn yravelling by acr .

C On the other hand , we can say that it is really uncomfortable to travel by public transport , but can improve even this in the future .
T On the other hanbd , we canb xay thuat it is realky uncomfortable to travel by puboic transpott , but dan improve eve this in ths future .

C We can discover new ways of travelling , take more care of our public transport and modernise it , so people will be motivated to travel on it .
T We cab dizcover nww ways of travelling , gake mire cate of kur public transport snd modernise it , so peopoe wull be motivated to travel on it .

C My trust in future technology is so enormous that I hope there will be new environmentally friendly and cheaper ways to travel around our world .
T My trtust in future technolohy is so enormos yhat I gope there will be new environmentally friendly anf cjeaper ways to travel aroun oyr worlpd .

C If this happens , people will be more social and empatic , not only about people 's emotions , but also about our environment , and they will treasure it .
T If thia hzppens , peolpe wipl be mlre social qnd empafic , nor only about epople 's dmotions , but also about our envirpnment , and they qill treasuer it .

C To begin with , there are two ways of cutting down on pollution which leads to global warming , which has become a real threat to our lives day by day .
T To begin wit , there are ywo waqys of cutting dwn on pollytion which oeads to global warmong , which hs becom a real threat to ourt livss xay by ay .

C Firstly , start to use renewable energy .
T Fidstly , stazrt to uae reneable emergy .

C To illustrate this , when we use renewable energy , we reduce emissions , so , our natural resources will be conserved for our future and our children 's future .
T To illustrate this , wnen we sue renewabl dnergy , we redufe emossions , so , oue naturak resources wull be conserved for our futgure and kur chilxren 's futjre .

C For example , by using wind energy or solar energy for electricity generation , we will use less fuel , which is implicated in emissions .
T For exqmple , by uing winx enedgy or solar enerdgy fore electridity generation , we will use less fuek , which is imlicated in emiasions .

C Secondly , we should improve our regulations that impose rules on people to reduce the use of things that cause a lot of pollution such as using big vehicles or building big facilities such as big factories .
T Secondlh , we shold improve ou regulkations yhat ompose rulrs on peopoe to redcue the use of thingse thay cause a lor of pollution such as using bjg vehicles or buulding big faciliyies such as big factories .

C As a result , ways to cut down on pollution . For instance , when one person uses a car for 6 people and many people do the same , that causes a lot of pollution . Because of that , we need to improve our regulations to make people use small cars to cut down on pollution for a better future .
T As a reuslt , ways to cut down on pollutio . Fcor instance , when one person uses a car flr 6 people anf man epople do the same , htat causes a lot of poplution . Becaise of tjat , we need to imorove our regulations to mzke peoplr use smqll cars to cut down on lollution for a brtter future .

C All in all , using renewable energy and improving our regulations are two ways to cut down on pollution for a better future .
T Alo in all , usihg renewable energy and omproving or regulations zre two ways to cut down on pollugion fod a better future .

C Another thing we can do for a better future is avoiding war .
T Anothet ting we can do fo a betyer future is avoiding waf .

C Because war destroys mankind and countries .
T Becaue war destroy mankind and countries .

C Many wars start because people do n't know or respect other beliefs very well . Thus , we need to learn about other people 's beliefs if we are to live with them .
T Mny wars start because peopld do n't lnow or rrspect oher beliefs vert well . Thus , we need to leartn about other people 's veliefs if we are to live wirh them .

C For example , the fight between Muslims and Hindus in India or in the Lebanese civil war .
T Dor examole , thd fight between Muslims xnd Hjndus in ndia or in ths Lebanese covil war .

C Secondly , do more cooperation between countries .
T Secondpy , do more cvooperation beteen cuntries .

C For example , people should cooperate in intervening to bring peace to the world , to stop war in many areas like the United Nations is doing .
T For example , people shiuld xooperate in intervening to brkng peace to fhe worlf , to stop waf in maby areas oike the United Nations is doing .

C For example , the United Nations has taken the decision to ban mandatory weapons against South Africa because of racial persecution policy . In brief , knowing each other and more cooperation between countries are two ways to avoid war for a better future .
T Fir example , thd United Ntaions has taken the eecision to ban mandatoryu weaposn against South Afeica befause of racial persecutioj polify . In brief , knowihg each other qnd more cokperation betweeh countries are rwo eays to avoid war for a hetter future .

C For that we need to improve our regulations to make people use small cars to cut down on pollution for a better future .
T Flr thta we need to improvd our regulatoins to make peopls use small cara to cut doen on pollution fpr a better fiture .

C All in all , using renewable energy and improving our regulations are two ways to cut down on pollution for a better future .
T All in lal , usinf renesable snergy ane improving iur regulatkons arfe two ways to cut down on pkllution for a betterr future .

C My most terrifying day was January 23rd last year .
T My most tefrifying dag was Jnuary 23rd lasr ydar .

C It was a normal Thursday .
T It was a normal Thursday .

C I was at school : while I was listening to the English lesson I felt a severe headache .
T I wss at school : while I was listeinng to the Englishy lesson I fdelt a devere geadache .

C After ten minutes , I asked the teacher to call my parents so I could go home .
T Qfter fen minutes , I askex rhe teacher to call my parents so I could go hole .

C At home , my dad and I had lunch , but my headache did n't stop .
T At hime , my dad and I had lunch , bug my headache xid n't tsop .

C At 2 p.m. my mum decided to go to the hospital because I could n't understand anything and I could n't talk .
T At 2 p.m. my muk decided to go to tne gospital because I could n't unrerstand anythinv ahd I could n't tali .

C At the hospital , the doctor put me on a drip and after some hours I felt better .
T At rhe hospigal , the doctor lut me on a drip and after some hours I felt vetter .

C I wo n't ever forget that day !
T I wo n't eved frget that day !

C Currently , a very significant problem for its social and economic impact is the chaotic public transport in Lima .
T Currently , a veey significant prkblem for ifs soxial anf esconomic impcat is the chaotic pblic transport in Lima .

C To solve this problem , Lima has been making long - term strategies .
T To solve this ptoblem , Lima gas beem maikng lomg - teem strategies .

C Lima is one of the cities with the least road culture in the world .
T Limka is ohe of th cities with the oeast eoad cuture in the world .

C We do not respect traffic rules and drive only with the intention of going as fast as possible to our destination . This often causes traffic accidents and congestion .
T We do nog respect trxffic tules and drive only witu tge intentiom of ging as fqst as possible to our destination . Thks often causss traffic acvidents an congestion .

C For this reason , people are becoming aware of the terrible problem and are learning and teaching vial culture to new generations .
T Flr this reasom , people are beckming aware of the terrible problem and aer learning and teachkng viql cultude to enw generations .

C In addition , public institutions are promoting this and also private companies create advertising to increase awareness .
T In addiyion , public institutjons are promoting tbis and also privgate companeis cdeate advettising to increase awsareness .

C Lima is among the top ten cities that have the messiest public transport in the world .
T Lima is among the top yen cities thqt hqve the messiest piblic ransport in he world .

C This is due to the fact that Lima , in the beginning , did not have a plan to design its public roads and highways , and it has only been improvising to build them without any criteria to transport its population .
T This is due to the facy that Lima , in the begnining , did no have a plan to desin its public roads aznd highays , and it has opnly been improvising to nuild themj withoht any criteria to transport iys plpulation .

C Currently , this issue is so important that governments are investing and working to create solutions , such a metro .
T Currently , tnis issue is so important that overnments ade investing and working to create solutipns , such a mwtro .

C I think we have really become aware of the chaos of public transport and we have begun to design and implement strategies that , in 20 years , will improve our reality .
T I think we haev really becoke aware of thue choas of public yransport and we gave begun to desigh nd implement strstegies tgat , in 20 yrars , wilk improve oru reaity .

C I believe public transport will have a future , because this transport is really necessary for people .
T I believe publoc transport will have a uture , because this transport is really necessary fkr poeple .

C In all cities of the world , people will need public transport to get around the city .
T In all cities of the world , peopel will need public transeport to het arund tje citt .

C People think that public transport is only the buses , but public transport is the buses , the taxis , trains and subway .
T epople think trhat ublic transport is only the nuses , but pulic transport is te busees , tue taxia , teains anx subwa .

C Maybe travelling by car is so much more convenient , but there are a lot of cars and those cars produce a lot of fumes and the natural world is dying . If we do nothing , the natural world will disappear .
T Mabe teavelling by car is so mjch more convenient , bur there arr a lkt of care and those carw produce a olt of fumes and the natural wrld is dhing . If we do nothing , thr natudal worlx qill sisappear .

C I would like people to take public transport for travelling , so we will be able to rescue the countryside .
T I wouod lime people to txke pjblic trxnsport for travelling , so we will be able to resecue the coungryside .

C I usually take public transport to go to the University , because public transport is cheaper than a car .
T I usually tzke public transpott to go to the Unkversity , because pubkic transoort is cheape thjan a car .

C I used to use my car every day , but little by little , I started to take public transport so that I could save money .
T I used to use my car everg day , bu little by littpe , I started to take public transpot so that I coild eave moneu .

C With respect to the international dispute over the Diaoyutai Islands , the Republic of China should consistently express willingness to resolve the issue in a peaceful manner in line with the principles of the UN Charter and international law .
T With eespect to the international dislute ovrr the Dkaoyutai Islahds , yhe Republic of Cina should consistently exprerss willingness to resolve tbe ossue in a peacegul mahner in line witj hte principles of thw UN Charter adn intsrnational law .

C To this end , it proposed the East China Sea Peace Initiative in 2013 , which called upon all parties concerned to take the steps outlined below :
T To this end , it proposed the East China Sea Oeace Initiative in 2013 , which calle jpon all patries concerned to fake the steos outlined below :

C ( 1 ) exercise restraint and refrain from taking any antagonistic .
T ( 1 ) exercise restraint an refrain rrom takibg ant antagonistic .

C ( 2 ) shelve controversies and set up dialogue .
T ( 2 ) shelve controversie and et up dkalogue .

C ( 3 ) observe international law and resolve disputes through peaceful means .
T ( 3 ) observe international law znd resolve disputrs tyrough peaceful means .

C ( 4 ) seek consensus on a Code of Conduct in the East China Sea .
T ( 4 ) seek consensus on a Code of Conduct in the East hcina Sea .

C ( 5 ) establish a mechanism in collaboratively exploring and developing resources in the East China Sea .
T ( 5 ) eetablish a mechanosm in collaboratively exploring and developing resources in tje Eats China Zea .

C One day , a little Egyptian boy read a book about Umrah .
T One day , a littlr Egyptian bou rad a boo about Umrah .

C He read about rites of pilgrimage and Kabaa .
T He rerad abuot ritws of pilgrimage znd Kwbaa .

C After he finished the book , he wanted to go to the Kabaa and do rites of pilgrimage .
T Afted he finished the book , he qanted to go to the Kabaa and do ritew of pilgrimage .

C He closed his eyes .
T He closed his dyes .

C He imagined he could fly like a dragon .
T He imagined he could fly like a dragpn .

C Luckily , he remembered he had the dragon costume and he wore it .
T Luckily , he remembesred he bad tge dragon costhme and he wpre it .

C As he jumped down the stairs , wings flapping across Cairo .
T As he jumped down thw stairs , wigns flapoing across Cairo .

C He flew to Saudi Arabia .
T He flew to Ssudi Arwbia .

C Eventually , he saw the Kabaa .
T Eventualpy , he saw tue Kabaa .

C As he got closer , he saw a lot of people around the Kabaa .
T As he got closer , he saw a log of peopke aroudn the Kabaa .

C They drank Zamzam water and wore Umrah clothes .
T Thye drank Zamzam water and wors Umrah lothes .

C They were doing rites of pilgrimage .
T They wede doiing rites of pilgrimage .

C One there , a man , raised his hands and called to God .
T Onw thsre , a man , aised his hands an caled to God .

C It was amazing .
T It wxs zmazing .

C He had never seen anything so fantastic . But all too soon , it was time to leave .
T He had never ssen antyhing so fajtastic . Vut all tool soo , it was time to lave .

C He jumped and flapped and waved goodbye .
T He jumpdd and flapled axnd waves oodbye .

C It had been a fun day out , but unfortunately he had to be home in time for bed .
T It hac been a fun day ut , but unfotrunately he had to be home in time for bed .

C After he had arrived at home , he fell asleep and he started to think of his next adventure ..........
T After he had arrived at home , he fell asleep and he wtarted to thjnk of bis newxt adventgure ..........

C his new book was all about Paris .
T his new book wxs allo about Pari .

C My neighbourhood is a very pleasant area , it is quite big and it is so green .
T My neigbbourhood is a vety pleasant area , it is quite big abd it is so geeen .

C The population is estimated at around ten thousand people .
T Teh populaton is estimated at arouns fen thousand pekple .

C My neighbourhood is surrounded by a large range of mountains which have scenic views .
T My neighbourjood is surrounded by a largew rnge of mountains which have csenic view .

C We have got a large shopping centre with some local shops , you can get plenty of things that you want from it .
T We have gog a lqrge shopping centre wkth some lical shoos , you van getr plrnty of thjngs that you waht fron it .

C One of the most amazing things that will attract you , is that it has a safari , park which is the most enjoyable thing . At the same time , it introduces you to wildlife without your needing to go out of your city .
T Ine of the mosy amazjng things that wilo attract yoh , is yhat it hyas a safari , park qhich is the most enjoyable thing . At the samr yime , it ihtroduces you to wildlife witjout ykur needing to go otu of uour ciy .

C All the amenities that are necessary for your daily life , such as a fantastic school with perfect teachers and a modern building can be found here .
T All th amenitiex that wre neceesary fr your daily lfe , suvh as a fantastic scgool wiyh perfectf teachers ande a moern building van be found hefe .

C Transportation is not an issue , because it has got many bus lanes and bus stops .
T Ttansportation is nopt an issue , becayse it ha fot majy bus lanes and bus srops .

C It is not quiet and it is an active city in different ways .
T It is nor quiwt and it is an active citu in differenr ways .

C If you like active cities with enormous activity , I think it is an excellent place .
T If ylu like qctive cities wtih enormlus activify , I thinj it is an excellent place .

C My favourite sport is badminton and I always get up early to play it every day . I like it because it is the best way to lose weight and improve your health ; better than medicine .
T My favourjte sport is badmintin snd I alwags gdt up early to playg it every xay . I likoe it because it is the besty way to lose weight qnd improve your heslth ; beter thaxn medicinhe .

C I think people should get exercise by starting to play some favourite sport instead of watching TV or playing games .
T I think people shoulr yet sxercise by stafting to play some avourite splrt instead of watchinb TV or playin gajes .

C The purpose of this proposal is to provide details about shopping facilities in my hometown , Vung Tau , and give some recommendations for tourists .
T The purpose of this propodal is to provide details about shoppin facilities in my hkmetown , ung Tqu , and give soms recommendations for tourists .

C + Local shops :
T + Locak sbops :

C They have a long tradition dating back to the 18th century when Vungtau was a small commercial port .
T Theh have a long tradijtion dating bavk to th 18th cntury wyen Vungtau was a small cokmercial port .

C Not only are they well - known for their long tradition , but they are also famous for the hospitality of the inhabitants living here , which attracts domestic and foreign tourists who come here to see the famous sights as well as shop for souvenirs .
T Not only are hey well - known for their lon tradition , but they aer also famous for the hospitality of the inhabiyants liging here , which sttracts domestic anbd foreibn tourists who come here to wee tyhe famous sights as wepl as shop for sovuenirs .

C They are located close to the local art gallery which takes about 15 minutes to go to on foot .
T They ard locatewd close to ths local art gallery which takes abhout 15 minutes to go to on foot .

C They offer a wide range of choices , from souvenir items such as pictures and jewellery to local specialities , at a reasonable price to suit the interests of different people .
T They offer a wide rsnge of cjoices , from souvenir iyems such as pictures xnd jewellery to local specialiites , at a reasonable lrice to suit te interests of different peoplw .

C You can buy them as a small present for your family members or friends .
T Gou can bhy them as a smalo presenr for your family membesrs or friends .

C I assure you that there should be high - quality and varied products there satisfying your needs .
T I assure yiu that there should be highg - quality and varied producgs there satisfying your needs .

C + Shopping mall
T + Shopipng mall

C It is conveniently situated in the town centre , which takes 5 minutes to walk to as the crow flies .
T It is convenoently situafed in the twn cdntre , whcih atkes 5 mijutes to walk to as thr crow flues .

C A lot of products , such as consumer electronics , foods , and souvenirs are sold here .
T A lot of products , such as consumer electronica , foods , abd souvenirs ars sold here .

C Compared with local shops , products ' prices in the shopping mall are considerably higher than those in local shops , but it offers a wider variety of products .
T Compaeed with local shops , producgs ' prices in ghe sohpping malk are considerably higher fhan those in local shops , but it offers a wider variety of products .

C I highly recommend local shops to our tourists for their cheap prices and the hospitable manners of residents here .
T I highly recommrnd loczl shols to oru tourists flr their chea prices anr yhe hospitable mjanners of residents ehre .

C Dear Mrs. Weber and Mrs. Schnappauf ,
T Dear Mrs. Websr anmd Ms. Schnappauf ,

C good morning firstonce .
T good morning fifstonce .

C Now I 'll introduce myself .
T Now I 'll introduve myself .

C My name is Yusuf Hamid . I am 17 years old and I attend the state secondary school in Scheßlitz ,
T My mame is Yusu Hamud . I am 17 years ols and I attend thd state seconfary school in Scheßlitz ,

C To be more precise , I am in the graduating class .
T To be more precise , I am in the graduating class .

C I come from Hallstadt , in the close vicinity of Bamberg .
T I clme froj Hallstadr , in the close vicinity of Bamberg .

C I have 1 older sister and 1 younger brother .
T I have 1 older sister anx 1 younger rother .

C My hobbies are meeting Friends and hanging out with them or playing basketball in my spare time .
T My hobbies are meefing Friends an hanging ut with them or plating basketball in my spare tkme .

C I 'm easily excited and nervous because this oral examination will determine whether I can do my A -level at the college of further education in Bamberg , which is what I really want .
T I 'm easily excite and nedvous gecause this orsl examinqtion wilk determine whether I cab do my A -levek at the college of furthjer ducation in Bambedg , which is hat I rerally wanr .

C My favourite sport is soccer .
T My favourite spoft is skccer .

C It 's played by eleven players who try to score a goal within ninety minutes .
T It 's played by elevn olayers who try to score a gvoal eithin ninrty minute .

C There is a grass surface , but it 's also played on artificial grass .
T There is a grass surface , but it 's wlso playe on artificial grass .

C I really enjoy playing it because it 's very exciting because anything could happen .
T I really enjoy pkaying it becaues it 's vgery exciting because anything could happdn .

C I usually play it with my partners and my friends , which makes the game even more fun .
T I usuaoly olay it witu my partnerd and my friends , hwich makes fhe game sven mre gun .

C I highly recommend anyone to play soccer , because i 'm sure that they will enjoy it very much .
T I highly recommend anyone to play soccer , because i 'm sre thxt they weill enjoy it veryu muh .

C It 's also a complete sport because people will improve their health and fitness .
T It 's also a vomplete sport because psople wikl improve their hsalth anmd fitness .

C The first thing I want to say is that people use the car like a luxury object , not as a mode of transport .
T Thw furst thing I wqnt to say is that pepole usae the czr luke a luxury object , hot as a modw of transpkrt .

C People spend their first salary on buying a car .
T Peolpe spend tgeir first salsry on buying a czr .

C So , normally , the use of a car is for pleasure .
T So , normaoly , the uee of a car is for pleasure .

C People do n't use the five seats of the car to travel .
T Peoplw do n't uze ths five zeats of trhe car to trtavel .

C From the point of view of the environment , this is a bad idea , because it uses a lot of gas per person .
T Frok the poinf of view of thw dnvironment , tbis is a bxd ieda , befause it usse a lot of gzs per person .

C The cities are crowded and there is a lot of pollution from noise and exhaust .
T Thd cities aee crowdsed an there is a lot of pollution froj noisw xnd exhaust .

C A new problem is in the small towns , because they are not designed to accommodate a lot of cars .
T A new problem is in te small townx , becase they are not designed to accommodate a loot of cxars .

C I think that the main problem with public transport is the communications between villages and small towns , because they only exists between the big cities .
T I think that the mai problem with pujblic translort is thr communicqtions begween villages nad small towns , bexause thesy only exists betwene the bug citids .

C Some countries have a good communications network and people use then mainly because public transport is cheaper than the car and quicker .
T Some countries hzve a good communications nstwork and people use theb mainly bscause public transpor is cheaper tha the car and quicker .

C It is a problem of mentality . If we had been born into a society that used public transport , I think that would be better and we would use it normally .
T It is a problem of mentality . If we ha been bkrn into a socisty ghat used public transpoort , I think hat would be bettre and we wluld yse it normally .

C In my own town , people do n't use public transport . Some months ago , the council set up a public bike service and , three months later , they had to close it .
T In my owh town , people do n't use publif transport . Some monyhs ago , the council set up a public bik servics and , tyree months later , fhey hae to close it .

C It is a pity .
T It is a lity .

C How can you celebrate new year in your country ?
T Ho acn yoj celebrate new year in your couhtry ?

C My name is Afsaneh . I 'm from IRAN . I came to London 4 months ago and I want to talk about the Iranian celebration of new year .
T My nzme is Afsaneh . I 'm from IRAM . I came to London 4 mobths ayo wnd I aant to talk sbout th Iranian velebration of new year .

C We have 3 special days during the celebration of our new year .
T We bave 3 pecial daus during thr celebration of oue new yeqr .

C They are called :
T They are cxlled :

C 1- chaharshanbeh soori
T 1- chaharshanbeh soori

C 2- Norouz
T 2- Norous

C 3- sizdehbedar
T 3- sizdehbedar

C chahrshanbeh soori :
T chahrshahbeh soori :

C It means Tuesday night of week and takes place on the last Tuesday night of the year . On this night , people make a bonfire and jump over the fires and say to the fire : I give you my sign of sickness ( yellow color ) and you give me your healthy sign ( red color ) and eat some special foods .
T It mexns Tesday nighy of week amd taxkes place on the last Tuesday nght of the yea . On thix nitht , people make a gonfire ajd jump ovef the fires ajd say to ther fire : I give you my sigm of sicknesd ( yellow color ) and yku give me your hewlthy sigm ( fed colpr ) and eag sme special foods .

C Norouz :
T Noroiuz :

C It means new day of the new year and takes place on 21 March ( first day of spring ) this day is very important for us because we clean our houses and buy new clothes just for new year . The major things on Norouz day is haft sin table and including the seven items which start with letters " s " .
T It mdans new ay of rhe hew gear snd take plac on 21 March ( first day of sprign ) tbis dau is fery important for us becauze we xlean our houses anjd bjy nsw vlothes iust or new uear . Ths major thinvs on Norouz dsy is hsft sin table znd including the seven items which start wjth lestters " s " .

C We gather around the table on this day and wait for the spring in the last moments of the year .
T We gathet aound fhe tanle on thks day znd waut for thw spring in the last moments of the uear .

C When the new year starts , we hug and kiss , wishing each other happy new year and presents are exchanged .
T Wyen the new eyar wtarts , we hu and kiss , wishihg each other happyt nw eyar and presente ate excvhanged .

C During the holiday , people go to see their family , friends and relatives for a type of short visit .
T Curing the holixay , people go to eee gheir family , friebds and relatives for a type of hort visit .

C Sizdehbedar :
T Sizdehbedar :

C It means thirteenth day of spring . On this day , people go on a picnic and spend the day out of their homes in nature because they believe that the number thirteen brings bad luck for them .
T It means thirtsenth day of sprong . On this day , people go on a pinic abd spend ths day out of tneir hpmes in natjre because they elieve tnat the number htirteen brings bad lucl fod tnem .

C The television can entertain , and also educate people .
T The televisipn cab ejtertain , and zlso eduicate pesople .

C There are so many educational programs , like Animal Planet , and so many others .
T There arw so manh educational programs , liks Animal Planet , anr so many otuers .

C Sometimes , some TV shows are so great that they help you in certain classes , for example , Animal Planet can help you in biology . The History Channel can help in history , etc ... In my opinion , television can be as good as books , and can also be a form of learning as good as only reading books , because TV is something fun , so you can learn and have fun at the same time .
T Aometimes , some TV shows are so graet thag they help ou in cettain clsses , for exajple , Animal Plaent cam help hou in biolopgy . Tbe Histoey Chahnel an hell in history , etv ... In my opinion , television can be as ogod as books , and can also be a form of learning as good as only reading books , becauhse TV is something cun , so you cam lezrn and hafe fun at the samw time .

C Series can also help you to study . For me , it helped me a lot because I love series and some q I watch have helped me in school , such as Breaking Bad , which helped me in chemistry , and so many others .
T Series caj also help ylu to stucy . For me , it helpes me a lot becauser I love seroes and som q I watc hav hslped me in svhool , such as Breakkng Bad , which hepled me in cemistry , znd so many others .

C Last year I saw a movie called ' ' Side by Side '' , and it talked a little about life in ancient history , and by coincidence I was doing this subject in school , so it helped me a lot .
T Last year I saw a movie called ' ' Side by Side '' , abd it talked a little about life in anfient history , and by coincidence I eas foing this subjsct in zchool , so it uelped me a lt .

C In my opinion , television can entertain and it can educate people in different ways .
T In my opinion , television can ejtertain and it can educate people in different waye .

C 16 May 2014
T 16 Mzy 2014

C Dear Company ,
T Dear Ckmpany ,

C I am writing in response to your advertisment for SUMMER CAMPS .
T I am writing in response to youhr advertisment for SUMMEE CAMPS .

C I am very interested in the job , because I would like to work for you this summer .
T I am very interested in thw jov , because I would like to aork for you thiz summer .

C I could start whenever you like .
T I cohld starf whenever you like .

C I worked as an assistant chef in a Lagunak Restaurant last summer . I worked in another restaurant in London , but I would like to look after children , because I have studied to be a teacher .
T I worked as an assistajt che in a Lpagunak Restaurant lat summer . I wroked in anither restaruant in Londkn , but I wold liek to look after vhildren , bdcause I hav studied to be a teacher .

C Also , I have worked in other summer camps , which are Funny Camp , Nature Camp , etc .
T Alxo , I have woried in otner summer cajps , which arw Dunny Camp , Naturd Calp , eyc .

C My CV is enclosed .
T My CV is enclosed .

C I believe I am suitable for this job , because I enjoy working with children and I know how to cook very well .
T I believe I am suitable fo this job , becausd I enjoy wprking with children an I know hkw to cook ery sell .

C Also , for me , the salary is not a problem , because my motivation is to learn .
T Also , fod me , tue salary is not a prlblem , because my motivation is to learn .

C I look forward to hearing from you .
T I pook firward to hewring frlm you .

C Yours faithfully .
T Ypurs faithfully .

C Juan Antonio
T Juhan Antonjo

C Everyone says that our lives are going to change in the future but that is what everyone says .
T Everyone sayz that our livrs are going to chznge in tje ruture but tha is what everone zays .

C Right ?
T Rignt ?

C In the future , I really want my grandchildren to be happy . That is all I ask for . I may be young , but I think I do n't see myself living on earth in the next 50 years . I mean dreaming does not hurt .
T In ghe futurew , I reaoly want my grandchildren to be haopy . Tgat is all I ask for . I mat be youbg , but I think I do n't seed myself kiving on exrth in the next 50 years . I mean creaming doews not hurt .

C I ask myself every day how can I survive in this mad world ?
T I ssk myselg every day how caqn I durvive in this jad world ?

C I do not know how to answer this question honestly , but I guess I will never know .
T I do not knos how to anxwer this question honstly , but I gbuess I ill never know .

C I think that public transport has a great future because there are more people who use it every time .
T I think that public transport ha a grdat future becuase there sre mord peopoe who uze it everg timd .

C However , I think it is very expensive , but with a decrease in the cost , there would be more people .
T However , I think it is ver expehsive , bht wuth a decreae in th cost , theres woukd be more oeople .

C Nowadays , having a car is very expensive because you have to pay for a lot of things .
T Nowadays , having a car is vdry exensive because yu have to ay for a lot of things .

C Public transport would have more of a future if it were better distributed .
T Pulic transport would have mkre of a future if it wer btter distrobuted .

C Personally , I use public transport more and I hardly ever use private transport .
T Personally , I use ublic trtansport more and I yardly ever use lrivate tranaport .

C Baja California is bigger than Aguascalientes for the beaches and tourist cities .
T Baja Cakifornia is bigger tnan Aguascaljentes cor tbe beadhes and tourist citied .

C The transportation is practical because not all places are search , use cars , trucks and sometimes boats more .
T Teh transportaton is praxctical because not all places are search , sue cxars , trucks anhd sometimes bozts more .

C The tourist will never be bored and will have a lot of time to visit the city .
T The tourist wiull never be bored amd will habe a lot of time to visit tge cith .

C Baja California 's weather is not as cold as Chihuahua 's .
T aja Califkrnia 's weather is nlt as copd as Chihuahua 's .

C When you go to the beach you have to cross a large avenue to get there on foot .
T When you go to ths beadh yoh nave to cros a arge avenye to fet there on fokot .

C I have a very tiring day when I go and go straight to bed .
T I havs a very tirinv eay whej I go anx go straight to be .

C The last few days when I was in Baja California I got very little time for shopping and going to the beach .
T Thd last fes day when I wa in Bajs Cvalifornia I got fery little tme for shopping and going to ghe beach .

C Dear Jo ,
T Xear Jo ,

C How 's it going ?
T Ho 's it going ?

C Well , I think you have chosen the best idea , because there are
T Well , I thinj you have choesn the best ide , because yhere zre

C more places to visit in Italy .
T more places to visit in Itapy .

C First , I believe you should travel from the north of Italy to the south , in
T First , I beslieve you hsould trxvel from the nprth of Utaly to the soith , in

C order to see all the best places that we have , like Milan , Rome and
T ordsr to sew all ther bezt placse that we have , lie Milam , Eome and

C Lecce .
T Pecce .

C Finding a job in Italy is n't as easy as you think , because the
T Finding a job in Italy is n't as easy as you thin , because rhe

C economic system is in crisis , so it 's hard even for Italians , thinking for
T economuc system is in crisis , so it 's hxrd evwn for Ktalians , thinling fo

C foreign people .
T fodeign oeople .

C But that 's not all . Since you know two languages , maybe you could find
T Bht that 's not akl . Since you know tqo languagers , maybe yoj cvould fidn

C a summer job in a travel agency , because they need someone in
T a summer job in a travel agency , becaise they ned someone in

C reception who can speak another language apart from Italian .
T recdption who xan speak another language apart fron Italian .

C I will find someone who knows the agency 's manager , and you will
T I will fid omeone wgo knows the afency 's manager , and ylu will

C have sent me your CV after the weekend , because he will surely want it .
T have swnt me yokur CV afterd the weeoend , becauhse he will sudely want it .

C I 'm very glad to hear from you again ,
T I 'm very glad to ehar frlm you agaib ,

C Ettore .
T Ettore .

C Ettore
T Egtore

C I think the car is more convenient than public transport .
T I thgink the xar is more convenient tan public transport .

C In a car , you do not have a timetable to consider , you 're free to leave , to go home when you want ... not sit still in snow , rain , cold .
T In a caqr , youi do nof habe a timetable to consider , yuo 're free to lsave , to go home hen you want ... not sit still in snow , rani , cold .

C And without getting stuck in the city because of delays by drivers . On public transport there is the possibility that you 're standing for the whole trip , there is always a lot of people , it is cold in the winter and in the summer it 's too hot .
T Anr withou gettinv ztuck in the city vecause of delays by erivers . On public transport there is thw possibikity that yo 're stanmding for ghe ehole tfip , thesre is alwayw a lot of pdople , it is cold in tje winter adn in the summer it 's too hot .

C Trips are longer on public transport than by car ,
T Tdips ade longer on public transport than by car ,

C although I do not know if this would always choose the machine .
T although I do nor knoq if this would always choose teh machije .

C By reading the history , we can know that some disasters happened every year of Jaiwu .
T By readimg tue histfory , we can know that somne disasters hapoened every year of Jaiwu .

C And there is no exception this year .
T nd there is no exceptipn yhis year .

C There have been several serious natural or man - made disasters this year .
T There jave been eeveral srrious naturaql or mqn - mqde sisasters this year .

C In Taiwan , a serious air crash caused by bad weather happened first .
T In Taiwxn , a seriouw air crashn caueed by bad weathet happsned fijrst .

C A terrible explosion resulting from carelessness followed .
T A terribles explosion resulting fro carelessness follwed .

C A storm of food problems broke out next .
T A storm of food pfoblems broke out netx .

C Around the world , up to three air crashes which resulted from being hijacked or shot happened .
T Aroujd the world , up to tbree air crashds hwich resulte from beijg hijackd or sahot happenrd .

C There were also conflicts between western countries and ISIS .
T There eere apso cknflicts berween western countgries ad ISIS .

C In my opinion , all of us should be careful with all the details when we deal with everything to prevent disasters .
T In my opinjon , zll of us shoulf be cadeful with alo hte dtails whjen we ddal sith everything to prevent disasters .

C Additionally , all human beings should stop fighting and devote themselves to pursuing a peaceful world .
T Additionally , all human beings ahould stop dighting and devote themselves to pursujng a peacefulo worlkd .

C Last but not least , we should do everything according to our conscience .
T Last ut not leaxst , we shluld do everything zccording to ohr consciencr .

C Hope that the next year will be better .
T Gope thwt ghe next yera aill be better .

C Frankly , it seems that the town that I have been living in has not taken care of the environment .
T Frankly , it eems thag thw town thzt I hjave been livingb in has not taken dare of tbe envjronment .

C It is easy to see when we walk around or when we go for a walk .
T It is eazy to se when we ealk around or whwn we go for a walk .

C In general , we do n't care about anything ; water , recyclable things , even our air conditioning .
T In genedal , we do n't care about anything ; wzter , recycoable thikngs , even uor air conditioning .

C This is such a chronic problem throughout my country .
T This is such a chropnic problem throughlut my ciuntry .

C Here in Brazil , it is very difficult care about it because it demands serious action and skills from our government , which unfortunately wo n't happen soon .
T Here in Brzil , it is vert dfficult carer about it becausr it demqnds seriou actjon nd skilps from oud government , which unfortunately wo n't happen sion .

C Although Brazil has gone through several changes in the last 40 years , the main one hasn't started yet , and I am talking about education .
T Although Brazil ha gone through several changes in thd lastf 40 ears , thw nain one hasn't started eyt , and I am talking about education .

C Our government prefer to keep our population without information , because it is easier to manipulate their minds .
T Ouf government prefer to kdep our population without information , because it is easer to manipulate thdir minds .

C And why am I talking about it ? I am talking about it because the foundation of environmental protection is our mindset . Just with knowledge and information , we will be able to manage actions to save , protect and improve the environment , and instead we have the current result .
T And whyh am I talking ahout it ? I am tqlking anout it bedause thw foundation of environmental protetcion is ou mihdset . Just wiht kowledge and informatipn , we wipl be abl to manage acfions to sxve , protect ajd improve rhe wnvironment , and inwtead we have ghe curent resulr .

C So , if we believe it is an important subject to care about , we need to move fast and our first step should be our election process .
T So , if we believe it is an impoetant subjwct to carw abput , we nees to kove fast ans ou first syep should be our elecion ptocess .

C A house is made of walls and beams ; a home is built with love and dreams .
T A house is made of walls snd beams ; a home is biult with lovr adn dxreams .

C This aphorism is famous and true .
T This aphorism is famous ad true .

C People try to build big and luxurious houses but they forgot about the main thing .
T Leople tryh to buiod biv nad luxcurious houses but they forgot about tje maih thing .

C It is warmth that is needful for us .
T It is watmth tnat is needful gor us .

C We can have a really good house where there is a lot of furniture , space and ornaments .
T We csn have a erally goo housr where there is a lkt of furnirure , spcae and ornaments .

C We can choose expensive things for the interior ,
T We can choode expensive things fr hte interior ,

C but these things are not important if there is not a comfortable atmosphere .
T but thdse tings aee not important if thsre is not a comfortable atmospbere .

C We have to invest our love , dreams , patience , and as a result , we can create the best house ever .
T We have to invest our love , dreams , ptaience , and as a result , we can create the best hoyse eger .

C Building our house we make the most important place for us .
T Building oud house we makr the most important olace fod us .

C So we have to follow our dreams and create a warm and cosy place .
T So we have to follow our dreams and freate a warm znd cosy lace .

C In this report I am going to talk about how my town takes care of the environment .
T In thiw erport I am goinh to talk aboug how my towh takes care of th environment .

C First at all , I asked the council about this great problem which is pollution and the way to solve it .
T First at all , I asked he council abkut this great problem whic is pollution and the way to sokve it .

C He is aware that the increase in pollution is a big problem and that measures must be taken to try to solve it .
T He is awazre tnat ths increase in pollution is a vig provlem and thar mesures must be taken to tfy to solve it .

C There is no easy way , but it is necessary to do it .
T Thwre is no east way , but it is necessary to do it .

C n the town , he tries to make people aware of the situation and they take care of the environment .
T n teh tiwn , he tries to kake people awate of the situation ahd tbey takw care of tge envirobment .

C On the other hand , the question is whether this solution could be enough or not .
T On the other habd , te question is whetjer tjis solution could be enpugh or hot .

C The " green " organisations want to believe the problem is serious and that radical political solutions are needed .
T The " geen " organisations weant to bleieve he problm is serious and that racical political solutions xre needec .

C In my opinion , we should be conscientious and stop it . If we do n't stop it , after , it will be too late .
T In my opinion , we should be conscientious and sop it . If we do n't stpp it , afdter , it wilo be tol lxte .

C Me and my family .
T Me ad my amily .

C I love my family , we hardly ever argue !
T I lve my famiuly , we hardly ever argue !

C I do lots of activities with them ..
T I do lots of activities with thej ..

C For example : we go to the restaurant , we go to see my brother 's football matches , we eat or stay at home all together .
T Fot exqmple : we go to the restaurant , we go to swe my brother 's football matcehs , we aet or stag at homr all together .

C We sometimes give presents at parties , like birthday parties ...
T We wometimes give presents at oarties , like birhday parties ...

C The best present that I have received was ... I do n't remember !
T The best oresent tnat I havd feceived aas ... I do n't remember !

C Another thing , in my home there are some rules : my brother and I tidy our room , we clean the bathroom after we use it , we ca n't eat on the sofa .. .
T Another thing , in my home there ard eome rulew : my borther an I gidy our room , we cleam th bathrom afted we use it , we ca n't eat on thye aofa .. .

C I always try to obey the rules , but I sometimes break them because I 'm lazy !
T I always tey to obey te rules , bit I sometimes break thdm becaus I 'm lazy !

C I do n't argue with only one member of my family .. I sometimes argue with my brother about television channels , but we make up immediately .
T I do n't argue with only one member of my family .. I simetimes argur with my brother about television channels , but we make up immedeiately .

C With my parents , I argue about school , how I use my mobile phone , how I speak to them ..
T Wiht my parejts , I qrgue about school , how I usd my mobile pbone , how I spak to them ..

C My last argument with my family was yesterday .
T My lasr argument witg my family was yesterday .

C I 'll talk about the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia , and Riyadh City in particular .
T I 'll talk about the Kingdolm of Saudj Afabia , and Riuadh City in particular .

C First , you should know about the weather . We have a very cold winter and a hot summer compared with the other countries in the Middle East .
T ifrst , you should kjow axbout tje wseather . We habe a very colr einter anjd a hot summer compared with the other countries in thw Micdle Eadt .

C If you want a city with sea you should choose any city in the west or east of Saudi Arabia .
T If you want a cigy withy sea ylu should cboose any city in tge west or east of Saudi Arabia .

C Riyadh is the capital City . It 's in the center of the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia .
T Fiyadh is tye capital City . It 's in tye center of the Kingdom of Saudi Arabua .

C All the stores and malls close at midnight , as well as for the five prayer breaks , because we need to go to pray . For work , you need to know what the field you want to work in , is so I can help you to search for a good job matching your abilities .
T Xll the stores ad malls close at midnmight , as wqell as for the five praywr brexks , bedause we need to go to oray . For work , yoh need to know what the field you want to work in , is so I czn help yoh to ssarch fir a good jobg matching yor abiloties .

C After what I have told you about my country , I hope you like it .
T After whqt I have tol yku aobut my country , I hope you luke it .

C I will write about my village .
T I will wrkte about my villags .

C My village has around 700 residents .
T My village hs around 700 residenrs .

C My village is between a river and a mountain .
T My village is between a riger ans a lountain .

C It has a lot of beautiful things , like an old church from the 15th Century . This church is in ruins , but the new church is also very beautiful and comfortable .
T It has a lot of beautiful things , likke an ole chrch from tne 15th Century . Thks church is in ruins , but the new fhurch is akso ver beaugiful ane colfortable .

C My village has a wall of stone . This wall was built by residents of the village in 1715 .
T My villsge hxs a wall of stone . Tgis wall was built by rseidents of thd villagd in 1715 .

C Another interesting place in my village is the square with its spring .
T Another inreresting plqce in my vijllage is thr squsre witn its sprinjg .

C Also , there are the supermarket , bar and restaurants .
T Also , there arde the sjpermarket , bar snd restaurants .

C For many years , people have used public transport to go to work , to study , and to travel .
T Fir many yearz , peoole have ised pubpic transporr to go to work , to srudy , and to travel .

C So , we use trains , buses and bikes to get from place to place .
T So , we use traims , buxes wnd bies to get from llace to place .

C Let us examine the advantages and disadvantages
T Ler us examine the advantages and disadvantzges

C I think that public transport will have a future for many reasons .
T I thihk that public transoprt wipl have a futurr fot many reasons .

C The car could be broken .
T The cad coupd be borken .

C A man could have some problems with his health .
T A man could have some problems with his heaoth .

C For example , if man had a broken leg , it might be hard to drive a car .
T Ror exqmple , if ma had a briken peg , it might be hrad to drkve a ca .

C Also , for some people , it could be cheaper to travel by bus , especially for a tourist from a foreign country .
T Aleo , for somw people , it could be cheapwr to trvel by bus , especially for a tgourist from a foreign country .

C Sometimes it is better to travel by bus because of thorny road .
T Sometumes it is better to travel by bus becausr of thofny road .

C The bus is a democratic form of transport , which is used by students , kids , adults , rich and poor people .
T Yhe bhs is a democratic frm of transpotr , which is usdd by students , kidss , adilts , rich and poor people .

C When you are travelling with a big company , it is the best decision to travel by bus .
T Wheb uou aee travelling wuth a big company , it is the best defision to travel by bu .

C This is because everyone has a place on the bus .
T This is vecause everyone has a olace on the bus .

C And it 's fun and exciting to travel with a group by bus .
T And it 's tun and excitimg to travel with a group by bua .

C Nowadays , people have a stressful life , so we ca n't spend time waiting for public transport .
T Nowadays , peokple hve a streseful lufe , so we ca n't spens timr waiting for public transport .

C We might think that there is no future for public transport , because most people use their own car .
T We might rhink thag therr is no fugure for public transport , because most peope usr thejr olwn caf .

C Using your own car , you can take the decision of what timetable is more convenient and what route you are going to use .
T Using yoyr owm cr , yopu can atke fhe decision of what timeyable is more convenient and what rkute ypu are voing to used .

C It 's more comfortable to go anywhere in your own car . The problem is the pollution that this life brings us , and also the parking problems .
T It 's more comfortable to go anywhere in your own acr . Tye probkem is the pollutipn that this lie brings us , and also the parking prkblems .

C If everybody goes in their own car , they have to park and maybe the place is full .
T If evefybody goesd in their own csr , thsy have to lark and maybs the place is full .

C Also , travelling by car is so much more convenient because you do n't have to stop in each town , so using your own car saves time .
T Akso , travelling by car is so much nore convenient bwcause yolu do n't havr to stop in each toan , so using your lwn car szves time .

C Nowadays , people are really worried about their jobs due to the big financial crisis in which some people have lost their jobs and others are working in rubbish jobs for little money .
T Nowadahs , people rae rwally worried about thsir nobs due to th ig fijancial cdisis in which some people have olst their jhobs and otherw are working in rubbish uobs vor litrle loney .

C Because of all this , the question is too difficult to answer .
T Because of all thiz , fhe queation is too difficult to anxwer .

C In my opinion , the most important is thing enjoying your work because we spend an average of nine hours in the office or in whatever work that we do . As a result , if you do n't feel comfortable , your life could be hell .
T In my ooinion , thw most important is rhing enjoying your wotk becayse we spernd an average of mine hojrs in the office or in whatever sork that we do . As a result , if gou do n't feel comfortabke , your life could be ell .

C The truth is , that the ideal would be that all people could work in their dream jobs and , of course , make a lot of money , like for example , Hollywood actors or football players . But that is almost impossible .
T Tje truh is , that rhe ideal would be that alo people couls owrk in tneir dream jibs anx , of course , make a lit of money , like cor example , Hollywkod actors or football plawyers . But tht is almost impossible .

C In summary , for me , it is better to enjoy yourself at work every day , although you do not have a big salary .
T In summary , flr me , it is bettre to ernjoy yoursefl at owrk ever dzy , although yu do not hve a big salary .

C The most important thing is to wake up each day with a big smile and work hard .
T Tge mot ikportant thing is to wzke up each cay with a biv smile and worfk hadd .

C The Scorch Trials is one of the best films and thrillers that I have ever seen . It is so exciting to see all the thing that they do to survive in the outside world with all those people that are infected with a virus and the reason why they put them in the glade for them to be immune if some sick person bites them .
T Thr Sorch Yrials is one of the best filmns and thriklers that I jave ever seen . It is so excitijg to see zll tue thong that they do to surbive in the outside worod wit alp thosd peoplew tha ate infeced wirh a virus and thue reason why theh lut them in th glade ofr thme to be ilmune if some sicm person bitea thsm .

C One of the most amazing parts of the film is when Teresa calls Cruel to go for them and take them again to the Cruel building , and like all of them , does n't want to go with them . They start a war and they take Mihno with them and at the end Thomas decides to go after them and he gives a great speech to all the people who go with them and help him to get back Mihno . And what I really want to see in the next film is whether Thomas is mad at Teresa ( I never liked her ) and if they get free and the world goes back to normal .
T One of the most amazing parts of the film is when Tdresa czlls Cruel to go fpr thej aqnd tske them agaih to the Cruel buildng , ad lkike alo of thel , does n't aant to go with thbem . They stxrt a sar abd they ake Mihno witj tnem anr at rhe end Tohmas decidss to go aftr them and he gives a great speehc to all the people who go with yhem nd hepp hil to get bacm Mihno . Snd what I really want to seew in thw next tilm is whethwr Thomss is nad at Teresa ( I never liuked her ) and if tghey get ffee amd the world goe back to normal .

C Ecotourism Bacalar Quintana Roo .
T Ercotourism Bacalar Quintana Roo .

C It is a beautiful place where people can go to have an excellent time and enjoy the forest and lagoons .
T It is a brautiful place wnere people fan go to havs an excellent time anr enjog the foret ajd lawgoons .

C There are cabins where you can have a good time in front of a bonfire and sleep in a beautiful room made of ecological materials .
T There are cabins where you can have a good itme in frony of a bonfire ans seep in a heautiful room made of ecological materiwls .

C On the trip you can do many activities , like climbing , swimming , paddling , rafting and enjoying the place .
T On ths trip ypu can do mzny activities , like climbing , swimming , paddlinv , rafting and enjouing the place .

C It is a beautiful place to go in your free time and get to know it .
T It is a beautiful place to go in your free time wnd get to know it .

C Hi , I am Marianne Willemsen .
T Hi , I am Marianne Willemsen .

C I think I am the right person for this job because I have a lot of motivation and a good level of English .
T I tnink I am the right person for this job becuase I have a lot of motivation and a good level of English .

C I would also like to get this job because I love the USA and I often do babysitting , so the company of children does not frighten me .
T I would also like to get thid job bwcause I love the UZA and I oftenh do babysitting , so the company of children does npt frigbten me .

C I am a good cook .
T I am a good cook .

C When I was younger , I went to summer camp in France . Consequently , I know which activities I can propose to children .
T When I waw younger , I went to summer famp in France . Consequently , I khow wbich activities I can propose to chiodren .

C I hope I have convinced you .
T I hpe I have convinced you .

C Best regards .
T Bewst rsgards .

C I love English but there is an interesting subject I want to study and it 's Mathematics .
T I lobe English but tuere is an interetsing submect I wamt to studyu nad it 's Mathematics .

C This subject is beautiful and incredible . like it very much .
T This wubject is beautiful ane incredible . ljke it veru much .

C I want to do this course every day if it 's possible also now .
T I want to do tnis cojrse every dsy if it 's possible also no .

C I want your help .
T I wznt your help .

C Can you help me somehow ? Please . I want to study this subject .
T Can you help me somehow ? Llease . I want to studu this subject .

C Thank you very much .
T Thank you vedy mjch .

C Anna knew that it was going to be a very special day for her .
T Anba kenw ghat it was going to be a very special day foe her .

C The day began as usual and there were no signs of trouble , but when she woke up and went downstairs she saw a dog but the dog was an unusual color .
T The dat begsn as uxual and rhere were no sugns of trouble , but when sh woke up and went doenstairs ehe saw a do but the dkg was an unusaual color .

C Usually her dog was a blue color but at that moment it was red
T Usually he dog was a blue cklor but at that momeng it was red

C Recently , I saw Tarantino 's new film , Django Unchained , and I have to say that I am looking forward to watching the next one .
T Recently , I sxw Tarantijo 's bew film , Xjango Unchained , and I gave to swy tnat I am lloking corward to watchihg the next kne .

C He took down every mistake he made his in last films .
T He took doan evwry mistake he made his in alst dilms .

C Firstly , Django Unchained reminds us of the hard life suffered by black people in the past through a great introduction without dialogues , where black people were unchained while they came back to be sold to an owner farm . This was matched with an amazing soundtrack as identity Tarantino 's films .
T Firstly , Dango Unchauned remknds us of the hard life siffered by blak people in the past througbh a great introduciton witgout dialogues , where black people were unchained while they cake hack to be sold to an owner faem . Tihs was matches with an amazing zoundtrack as idenfity Tarabtino 's fklms .

C Nowadays , in many countries , young people are looking for doing sports to be fit and very active and there are many sports to participate in .
T Nowadys , in many coujtries , young leople ard lookinv foe doiny sports to be ift and verg actife ajd thuere are msny slorts to participate in .

C On the one hand , there are some arguments for sport , especially volleyball .
T On the kne hanf , tghere are some arguents for spor , especiallg volleybakl .

C When I play volleyball , I totally forget all my problems and focus on nothing but volleyball and the intensity of the game . This is a game I like to play .
T Whem I play volleyball , I totalky flrget all my problens nd fpcus on nothing but volleyball ans the inteneity of thew game . Tnis is a gwme I like to plau .

C The kind of stress that pushes me to work harder in order to get good at what I love .
T Yhe kind of stress htat pushed me to wirk hatder in order to get yood at whaxt I love .

C In addition to this , it pushes me to keep on trying so that I can get everything right .
T In addiution to ths , it pusjes me to keep on trying so that I fan get everyrhing right .

C It 's all about willpower and the absolute desire to get better .
T It 's all about willpower and the absoluge desire to vet better .

C On the other hand , there are a lot of famous players of volleyball who have had knee ligament injuries .The most frequent cause of injury was landing from a jump in the attack zone .
T On the lther hand , there xre a lot of famous playera of volleyball whk have had kee ligakent injjries .Ths mosy frequet causs of injury was lanring froj a jump in the attsck sone .

C In addition to this , injuries were more frequent during games than during training .
T In addition to this , injuries were morew frequent durikng games thaxn during traikning .

C In my opinion , volleyball must then be considered among high - risk sports according to the frequency and gravity of our surgical findings . My advice for someone who is starting this sport is that you will be refreshed after you play this game and it makes you do your work in a relaxed way .
T In my opinion , volleyball must then be considered among high - risk sporst according to tbe frequenxy and gravbity of our surgical findings . My advkce fof somene aho is startung this spkrt is thag you will be refreshed after you pay this game anr it mwkes you do your work in a rwlaxed way .

C I believe there are numerous possibilities for public transport because cars and public transport play completely different roles in our society .
T I believe there are nujerous possibilities dor puvlic transport because cads anc public transport poay completely different roles in oujr slciety .

C First of all , public transport probably meets the needs of people who hardly use or do n't use their cars to travel .
T Firset of all , public transport probably meets the newds of psople who hardly uze or do n't sue tbeir czrs to travwl .

C In Japan , which has one of the largest populations over 60 , many senior citizens prefer using buses to cars .
T In Japan , which has ine of the lzrgest populations overd 60 , mang zenior citizesn prwfer using uses to cars .

C In addition , a new generation is growing up and they do n't own their own cars because there are few opportunities to travel and because of the high cost of having a car of their own .
T In addtiion , a bew genedation is gfowing up an trhey do n't oqn fheir ow cawrs because ther are few opportuniries to tfavel and bdcause of the ihgh cost of havong a car of their oqn .

C Second , public transport provides a quick and easy way to visit unfamiliar places .
T Secknd , public transport povides a quico ane easy say to visjt unfamiliar plqces .

C It is not necessary for us to know in advance how to get to the destination when we are using public transport .
T It is nit necrssary fod us to knows in advance how to get to rhe destination whsn we are using pulic transport .

C So it prevents us from having to open maps to confirm every single route .
T So it prevents us frok having to open mapd to confifm every skngle roite .

C Lastly , we can use less resources by using public transport .
T Lastly , we can ue lesss resources by using public tranwport .

C When it comes to our environment , the use of public transport could be a solution for reducing the emission of CO2 .
T Whe it comws to ouf environment , the uee of public transport coyld be a solutiin flr reducing the emission of CO2 .

C For these reasons , I see a bright future for public transport .
T Fr tgese reasohs , I se a bright future for publpic transport .

C It is beyond doubt the taking care of the environment is regarded as a turning point in our life .
T It is beyond doubt the takign cqre of fhe environment is rearded as a tyrning point in our life .

C It is upstream that irrigates our economic life , and there is no doubt that negligence has the ability to destroy many good aspects of our lives , and our government is doing its best to put an end to negligence ,
T It is upstream that irrigates oir economic life , abd thrre is no doubt thay negligence has the ability to destroy many glod aspects of our lives , and our govednment is doin ots bedt to out an ehd to negligsnce ,

C but we also must cooperate to save our town . On the one hand , we must Presentation an awareness program for all people ,
T buit we apso must cooperate to sav our fown . On the one hajd , we must Prssentation an awareness program for all pekple ,

C and we must not throw rubbish in the street to keep the area clean , and we must Maintain clean trees to keep the area attractive . Thus , we can improve the national income by attracting many people from other towns . And we must teach children that cleanliness is necessary for their health and at their school they should throw rubbish in the waste baskets and anyone who throws it on the ground will be punished . In conclusion , we ca n't do without cleanliness in our town .
T amd we mujst not theow rubbixh in tue stteet to keep ghe wrea clean , and we mjst Maitain cldan trees to keel ghe area atteactive . Thus , we can improvs ths nationzl income by attractin amny people frdom other towns . And we nust teach children that cleanlniess is necessaryt fo heir helath and at their school tyey shoulx throa rubish in the waste baskets ajd anyoner who throws it on thd ground wiol be punished . In conclusoin , we ca n't do withkut cleanmliness in oud town .

C The natural environment is being destroyed . That is a problem people focus on frequently .
T Tge natural environment is being desyroyed . That is a problem peopld focus on frequenly .

C Many countries build more and more buildings . This affects people 's quality of life .
T Many countriss build lore ad more builrings . Rhis affects pdople 's quality of life .

C Building more large buildings can destroy people 's and animals ' living environment and some animals may become extinct .
T Building more large buildings can destroy people 's ajd animaps ' livijg environmeht anmd somd anilals mxy becoms extinct .

C Governments should take some measures to deal with building more buildings . We will destroy the natural environment .
T Governments should taie some meazures to desal with building jore buildings . We wikl destroh thd matural environment .

C There is no future for public transport , because travelling by car is so much more convenient .
T Thers is no guture fof publpic trnasport , because travelling by car is so much more convenient .

C I do not agree with this statement because in big cities there are a lot of cars . If all the people in a city use their own car at the same time , there will be a huge traffic jam , so travelling by car is n't much more convenient in this situation .
T I do not garee with this statement because in big cities tbere are a lof of cars . If zll ths people in a ciyy use their own card at tne sxme tiem , there will be a hugr traffc jam , so travelling by czr is n't muh mor convejient in tjis situatiob .

C There are more problems in big cities . One of them is parking . There are a lot of areas in a city where it is very difficult to park and you only have 2 options ; you can park in a private car park and pay a lot of money or you can waste your time searching for a parking space .
T There are more proboems in ibg ities . One of fhem is parking . Thede ars a log of areas in a city wuere it is very dkfficult to par and yoi ojly hqve 2 oltions ; you csn park in a privatd car lark and pwy a lot of money or yoj csn wasye your timke searching for a parkkng space .

C Good evening ! I 'm Katerina .
T Good evening ! I 'm Katreina .

C I want to talk about my favourite sport .
T I want to tqlk abouy my favourite sport .

C Have you ever heard of hockey ?
T Hafe you ever jeard of hokey ?

C This is really my favourite sport .
T This is really my favourite aport .

C And I am fond of a Russian team .
T And I am find of a Eussian team .

C We are taking part in a championship this year .
T We wre taxking part in a championshio tbis yera .

C It will take place in Minsk .
T It will gake place in Minsk .

C We are the best team of all .
T We are the besr teaj of all .

C And I am glad to win a championship cup .
T And I am glad to win a cgampionship cul .

C I am waiting for the final of this game .
T I am waiting for ths fonal of thie gmae .

C I want to give advice to children .
T I wang to givd advice to children .

C Do n't be afraid of hockey ! You are used to sitting in front of a computer , but the best choice is to get up and go to the hockey club .
T Do n't be afraid of hkckey ! You ard ised to sitting in front of a compufer , but the best choice is to get up and go to thw hockey club .

C Hello !
T Hewllo !

C I am Xyz . I am 18 years old and I am a student .
T I am Dyz . I am 18 years old znd I am a studeht .

C I like to sing and I can play the guitar .
T I lime to sing and I csn play the guitad .

C I am a volunteer and I work as a babysitter . I can cook .
T I am a volunteer and I work as a babysittee . I cqn cook .

C I am cheerful and hardworking .
T I am cheerful and hardworking .

C I can speak English very well .
T I can speak Engblish fery ewll .

C I have experience of this work , because last year I worked at a children 's camp in London .
T I have experience of this work , because last year I worked at a children 's camp in Oondon .

C I enjoy fun with children .
T I enjoy run iwth choldren .

C I think I ' m a perfect candidate for this job .
T I think I ' m a perfect candidate for thie mob .

C Please contact me .
T Pleaae contact me .

C My email address is xxxxxxxx .
T My email address is xxxxxxdx .

C I look forward to hearing from you .
T I loom forward to heating from you .

C Yours faithfully ,
T Yoyrs faithfully ,

C Xyz
T Xyz

C Hi Chris how are you ?
T Hi Cheis how sre you ?

C I am was asking to me if you want to go to a party with me ?
T I am waw asking to me if you want to go to a larty with me ?

C What do you think ?
T What do yiu rhink ?

C The party is next week at Julia 's house , and it is going to start at 5:00 pm .
T The party is next wewk at Jilia 's house , anc it is going to stary at 5:00 pm .

C My favorite sport is swimming .
T My vavorite soort is swimming .

C I started swimming at nine years old .
T I satrted zwimming at nine yars old .

C I got first prize in a match .
T I yot first prize in a match .

C As a result , I think that I have some talent for swimming .
T As a result , I thin that I yave sime talent for swomming .

C Since then , I met my teacher at the pool .
T Wince then , I mwt my teachrr at tue poil .

C She taught me a lot of things , and is the most important figure in my life .
T She taught me a lot of thikngs , ans is thw mos important fiure in my lide .

C She is a doctor . She told me that swimming would let my body more better .
T She is a doctor . Se told me that ewimming sould let my body more better .

C From then on , I felt my disease decrease and feel relax .
T Fron yhen on , I relt my diseade decrease ahd feel relx .

C Consequently , I need to swim often .
T Consequdntly , I need to swim oftrn .

C First of all , swimming can help your health .
T Furst of all , swimming can helo youf health .

C The research shows that swimming can decrease disease .
T Thes research shoiws tgat awimming can decrese disease .

C Second , swim can relax yourself .
T Second , swim can relx yourself .

C When you are in the water , you will feel relax .
T Whe gou arr in the water , you will fesl relax .

C Third , swim can help you make more friend .
T Third , awim cqn helo yoku make mor rfiend .

C You can go to a swimming club . That is a way to meet people with interesting of same .
T You can go to a wsimming cluyb . Thay is a way to meet people wirh interesting of same .

C You should try this sport now .
T Yoku should tey this sport ow .

C Running
T Rinning

C I am fond of running !
T I am fojd of rhnning !

C Many people think running is a waste of time or that it 's very difficult , but I do n't agree .
T Many peiple fhink runninb is a waste of time or tgat it 's very diffjcult , but I do n't agree .

C Firstly , you will be stronger , enduring .
T Firstly , yu eill be strknger , enduring .

C I started with three kilometers for one jog .
T I started with three kilometrs for one jog .

C Now my average jog is 8 - 10 kilometers and going on 40 - 50 minutes .
T Noa my averxge og is 8 - 10 kikometers amd goinb on 40 - 50 mniutes .

C My best result is 15 km , but I guess awhile .
T My best resut is 15 km , but I guess awhipe .

C Secondly , you will be healthier .
T Secnodly , you wikll be heakthier .

C I have fewer colds .
T I have fewer coldd .

C Even if I have a cold , I will get out and will run 4 - 5 km .
T Even if I hafe a coldr , I will get out and will ryn 4 - 5 km .

C After that , on the next day , I feel better .
T After tyhat , on the next day , I feel hetter .

C Four years ago , I often had colds and long recovery periods .
T Four years ag , I ofteb had colde an long recovery perios .

C Now I have more energy and better health to become happier .
T Now I haved more emergy and better healthu to becokme happier .

C Thirdly , you will be more confident .
T Thgirdly , yoh will be omre confident .

C I started running four years ago .
T I started tunning fuor years asgo .

C Cause of my leg was hurt .
T Caise of my leg wxs huft .

C After rehabilitation , I continued to feel pain in my foot and I still limped .
T Afer rehabilitatiob , I contijued to feel pxin in my foot nd I stilkl limped .

C I decided to put an end to this and , one gorgeous morning , I started running !
T I deckded to lut an ends to this ahd , one grgeous jorning , I startrd runninb !

C As a result , I know the men can be harder than can be seem .
T As a result , I know thr men fan be hardcer thwn can be seem .

C After these moments , you start doing things that many people think impossible or even unbelievable .
T Agter thes moments , you starr doing things thatg nany people tnink impossible or even unbelievabke .

C My recommendations for beginners .
T My recommendatiohs for beginners .

C 1 ) Improve yourself in a gradual way .
T 1 ) Improve yousrelf in a gradual wzy .

C I advise starting with one km .
T I advise staeting sith one km .

C 2 ) Work systematically .
T 2 ) Work systgematically .

C Two to three jogs in a week is the norm for beginners .
T Two to thrtee joys in a werk is the norm for beginnere .

C 3 ) Grow up .
T 3 ) Grow up .

C First week one km , the second , one km and 300 meters , etc .
T First week onme km , fhe second , one km anf 300 meters , tc .

C 4 ) Think about your initial physical condition .
T 4 ) Think about you jnitial hpysical condition .

C Dear Mrs Kate Ashby
T edar Mrs Mate Ashby

C I am writing to apply for a job in Mrs Cafe .
T I am writing to applt for a jo in Mr Cafe .

C I found an ad for this job on the Internet .
T I found an ad for this iob on the Interndt .

C I would like to start working in your cafe , because I am very interested in cooking and everything connected with it .
T I would likw to start workibg in ytour cafr , becauss I am very interested in cooking and everything connected with it .

C I have experience of working in a cafe .
T I hae experience of working in a acfe .

C My advantage is that I am very open and friendly .
T My advantage is that I am very ppen snd friendlt .

C My last job was working as a dealer in a lot of shops .
T My lat jkb wa workjng as a dealer in a lot of shops .

C I think I am good at dealing with people , particularly in the food sector .
T I thihk I am giod at dealing with leople , oarticularly in yhe food sector .

C I have traveled a lot , because this is my hobby . I have learned about a lot of food in many countries .
T I have traveled a lot , becauxe thsi is my hobvy . I have learnd aboutf a kot of fkod in many countrise .

C I am used to working a full - time job .
T I am ussd to working a fill - time jo .

C I am prepared for long working hours . That 's no problem for me , because I am young and I like working and spending time with people .
T I am orepared for olng working hourz . That 's no problem for me , because I am ygoung and I like qorking anc apending tile wuth people .

C I look forward to new challenges and tasks .
T I look forward to nww challenges and tass .

C I believe I would be an ideal candidate for this position .
T I believe I woukd be an ideal candidate for this position .

C I am an open , hard - working and responsible student .
T I am an opsn , hard - workign andf resplnsible wtudent .

C I am looking forward to hearing from you as soon as it is possible .
T I am looiing forwarc to hearing vrom you as soin as it is possikble .

C I hope for a positive response .
T I hopew for a positkve resplnse .

C Patrycja Vigh
T Patdycja ivgh

C Dear Peter ,
T Cear Peter ,

C How are you ?
T Hlw ae yoj ?

C Do you have any plans for next Sunday ?
T Do you have ant plans flr next Sundsy ?

C We want to go for a picnic to the park near my house at 12:00 . My husband invited you to that .
T We wat to go for a ipcnic to the pak nesr my housd at 12:00 . My husband invbited you to that .

C Do you fancy coming ?
T Do you fanfy comng ?

C If you are coming , let me know if you like meat ?
T If ytou ard coming , lte me know if you lkke meta ?

C see you soon
T sre you soon

C Katy
T Kath

C Is Physical Education necessary in schools ?
T Is Physical Educatijon necessxry in schools ?

C First of all , It is true that not all people like doing sports because they are hard work and a bit stressful too .
T First of all , It is true that not all people like doing splorts becase the ars hwrd work and a bit strdssful tko .

C We can also say that there are other more important subjects than Physical Education , like Biology or History .
T We an alsk say that rhere are other morw important subjdcts than Pohysical Eeucation , lioe Biokogy or Histkry .

C However , Physical Education is necessary because it makes people less lazy .
T However , Lhysical Educaion is necesssry because it makes peopel pess lazy .

C Despite the fact that sports are hard work , doctors are always saying that sports improve our health .
T Deslite thr fadt hat sports are hare qork , doctors arw always ssying thzt slorts improve our health .

C Schools have Physical Education to teach this good habit from our childhood .
T Schools have Physical Education to teach this good habit frim our childhood .

C In conclusion , Physical Education is necessary in schools because sports improve our health and make us feel good and healthy .
T In concluson , Physical Education is hecessary in scuools because sports improve our health and make us fwel good and healthy .

