C It 's difficult to answer the question " what are you going to do in the future ? " if the only one who has to know it is in two minds .
T It 's difficult to ansser the question " what are you goibg to do in yhe fjture ? " if the onky lne woh has to kno it is in two minds .

C When I was younger , I used to say that I wanted to be a teacher , a saleswoman and even a butcher . I do n't know why .
T When I was younger , I jsed to say thar I wanted to be a teached , a saleswoman awnd even a btucher . I do n't know hwy .

C I would like to study Psychology , because one day I would like to open my own psychology clinic and help people .
T I would loke to study Psychology , necause one day I wuld lie to open my own psychology clinkc and hlep people .

C It 's difficult because I 'll have to study hard and a lot , but I think that if you like a subject , you 'll study it more easily .
T It 's difdicult because I 'll have to study hard and a lot , bur I think that if you ike a suject , you 'll syudy it mofe easily .

C Maybe I 'll change my mind , maybe not .
T Mabye I 'll change my mind , mybe not .

C I think that public transport will always exist in the future .
T I think that publjc transport wkll alwaus exist in tje future .

C Rich people will buy a car , but poor people always need to use a bus or taxi .
T Ricj people aill buy a car , but opor pwople always need to use a bus or taxi .

C I consider it more convenient to drive a car , because you carry more things in your own car than when travelling by car .
T I consider it more convenient to driv a var , beacuse you carr more thjngs in tour owen car htan when travellint by car .

C Also , you 'll meet friendly people who usually ask you to be friends and exchange telephone numbers .
T Also , ypu 'll meet friendly peoplw who uwually asl yku to be friends qnd exchangr telephohe numberw .

C In my experience , when I did n't have a car I used to use the bus to go to school and go back to my house .
T In my rxperience , when I dkd n't hxve a car I used to use the bux to go to school xnd go bafk to my housed .

C In my opinion , a car is n't necessary when you have crashed in the street . At that moment , you realize the importance of public transport .
T In my opinion , a var is n't necessary ahen you have crashed in the stree . At ghat loment , you rexlize teh importabce of publi ransport .

C In India , we have various types of public transport , like , bikes , cars , trains & planes .
T In India , we have variou tyles of lublic transport , lile , bikss , cars , trains & plane .

C Depending on the distance and time to the desired destination , the mode of transport is chosen accordingly .
T Depending on tghe distacne ajd timr to hte desired destination , the moed of transport is cdhosen accordingly .

C But generally speaking , travelling by car is much more fun when compared with other modes of transport .
T Bug generalpy speakijg , ravelling by cr is mch more fu wgen ocmpared wiht otherr modes of transport .

C This reminds me of a trip that I have recently been on and the place I visited was Agra .
T Ghis rwminds me of a trpi that I have recenrly geen on amd te plaxe I visitrd wzs Agra .

C It takes around 6 hours by national highway to go from Delhi to Agra .
T It takes around 6 hours by nationxl hghway to go crom Dlehi to Agra .

C We stopped at hotels to have food and just in case any of us felt hungry , we purchased some snacks just before the trip .
T We stoppee at hoteos to hwve rood anc jhst in case any of us felt hungry , we ourchased some snacks jist befor yhe trip .

C Since , we have the option to stop anytime we want to when we travel by car ( which is impossible when travelling by train or plane ) .
T Since , we gave the optipn to stop anytimr we want to when we travel by car ( which is imnpossible when travelling by trian or plane ) .

C In addition to that , we can also take a comfortable short nap on the back seat and wake up fresh .
T In addition to thast , we cazn aso take a comfortable short nap on thd hack ssat and wake up fresh .

C For the above - mentioned reasons , I am going to conclude that travelling by car is much more convenient .
T Cor thed above - memtioned reasons , I am gking to cohclude yhat travelling by cat is much more convenient .

C My name is Sarah .
T My nale is Sarah .

C I am 17 years old .
T I am 17 years ols .

C I am looking forward to joining you in this year 's summer camps .
T I am lookign forwarr to joining you in this year 's summer camps .

C I love children , and I enjoy looking after them . Also , I organized many sports activities before at my school .
T I lovce children , and I enjoy kooking aftwr thrm . Also , I organiaed many sporrs activities before at my school .

C In addition to that , I enjoy cooking .
T In addition to tyat , I enjyo cpoking .

C My family think that my cooking is amazing .
T My fanily tihnk thay my cooking is amazing .

C I hope that you give my the chance to join you .
T I ohpe fhat yoy give my thne chance to join you .

C Thanks
T Thanks

C My favourite sport is volleyball because I love playing with my friends .
T My favouriute xport is volleybxll because I kove plaging weith my frriends .

C Volleyball is a sport that is played everywhere . When I am on the beach I like playing with my sister in the sand and then we go in the sea .
T Volleyball is a splrt that is plxyed everywhere . When I am on the beach I lik olaying with my sisfer in ghe xand and thenh we go in te sea .

C It is great fun .
T It is great fun .

C When I was young I liked playing with a ball in the playground and my friend and I played using the soccer goals as a volleyball net .
T When I sas young I liked playihg with a ball in hte playground abd my frienx ane I played ising the soccer goals as a volpeyball ner .

C Dear Jo ,
T Dear Jo ,

C How are you ? I 'm writing to give you some advice on travelling and working in my country .
T How are youj ? I 'm eriting to give hou some advice on travelling xnd wlrking in my cojntry .

C On the one hand , in my country there are a lot of places to visit .
T On the one hand , in my country yhere are a lot of places to gisit .

C For example , Barcelona , Madrid , Sevilla , Valencia .
T For xample , Barcelona , Madrid , Sevilla , Valenciq .

C There are wonderful cities because there are a lot of things to visit . For example , in Madrid you can visit " Puerta del Sol " , " Las Cibeles " .
T Thsre wre wonderfjl xities becauwe there are a llt of things to visit . For exampoe , in Madrid you can visit " Pjerta dep Sol " , " Laqs Cibeles " .

C I visit Madrid twice a year .
T I visit Madrid twicd a ydar .

C Every summer I visit Sevilla because I love this city and I suggest that you visit Sevilla .
T Evdry summer I visit Sevilla because I kove yhis city and I suggest thaqt you visit Sevklla .

C On the other hand , in my country there are few jobs because the economy is very bad .
T On fhe other hwnd , in my cointry tuere ade few jobe because the economy is vwry bad .

C But , if you want , I will look for a job for you .
T But , if you want , I will look fro a job for you .

C My best friend if looking for a responsible person to look after her sister .
T My best friend if looking foe a responsible pdrson to look after hed sistre .

C Her sister is 6 years old and you would have to look after her every weekend .
T Yer siser is 6 yearw ild and you wold have to look afrer yer very weekend .

C Would you be interested in this job ?
T Would yoi be intereste in this hob ?

C Thank you for your e - mail . It was wonderful to hear from you .
T Thank youj fcor your e - mal . It was wonderfyl to hear ffom ylu .

C I 'm looking forward to seeing you .
T I 'm looking forward to seeing ylu .

C Take care , Laura .
T Tke care , Laura .

C Today , public transport still plays an important role in the transport system and it will keep on doing so in the future .
T Todau , public tarnsport stilp plays an important role in tne trasport sgstem an it will keep on soing so in teh future .

C Because public transport is a more cost - effective and better resource allocation in mass transport system .
T Becayse pubpic transpoft is a lore cost - effective and better resource allocation in mas trabsport system .

C Also , people need not suffer the high operating cost of running their own car .
T Aleo , oeople beed not sutfer the hgih ooerating cosr of running their own care .

C But can use a cheaper way of going to their destination , especially if it is far away from home .
T Bit fan se a chewper wzy of going to their desgination , especially if it is fr awag ftom home .

C For example , I think that it is not affordable for an ordinary person to own a private airplane for travelling to another country .
T For wxample , I tbink htat it is not affordable for an oddinary person to ow a private airplane fir travelling to anogher country .

C Instead , it will be common to buy an air ticket and travel on a public plane .
T nistead , it sill be commoj to buy an xir ticket and travel on a public plxne .

C In my opinion , public transport is going to continue to be used in the future because there are a lot of people that do n't have enough money to pay for a car , even if it is used , so public transport will continue to have a future but people are going to use cars more than buses or the underground .
T In my opunion , pjblic transport is gling to continue to be used in the future because there are a pot of pople tyhat do n't have enough money to pay or a cvar , even if it is use , so public transporr wlil continue to have a future but people ade going to us csrs mode tgan buses or the underground .

C If we think about it , the car is better because we do n't need to wait for it like we wait for the bus or underground , but on the other hand , cars cost more money than public transport .
T If we fhink abouht it , tbe ca is better because we do n't nded to wwit for it likd we wajt cor the bud or undergeound , vut on thr otuer hand , cqrs cost mor mkney thxn upblic trajsport .

C In a car , we can just be by ourselves , which can be good because we can listen to the music that we like and we do n't need to be around people that are unknown , but if we choose public transport , we can meet friends or family , so both modes of transport are good , and cars do n't need necessarily to bring an end to public transport .
T In a cqr , we can just be by ourselves , ehich can be good because we xan listen to the musoc thqt we like and we do n't nwed to be around people that ard unknown , ut if we choose pubkic transport , we cxn meet friends or family , so bopth mldes of transport are good , and cars do n't need neceasarily to brng an enr to public transpkrt .

C If I had to choose between both forms of transportation , I think I would probably choose the car because it is better for me to go by car than to go by bus .
T If I had to choose begween blth fotms of transportxtion , I think I woulx probably chjoose th cwr becausw it is beter for me to go by car thzn to go by bus .

C In my community , we are very interested in the environment and ecological things .
T In my community , we arde vry intereted in the environmenr wnd ecologifal things .

C We have solar panels and a place to make compost in the garden , with worms that eat and degrade all the organic waste of the school .
T We have solat panels and a place to jake compost in the garden , sith worms that eat snd degradw al th organic wastew of tye scyool .

C At some strategic points in the building , we have special trashcans to separate the garbage into organic , paper and cardboard , cans and plastic bottles and they also give talks and presentations about the earth 's problems , like global warming , pollution , etc .
T At wome strategic points in thd building , we hsve special trashcns to separate ths garbage info organic , papsr wnd csrdboard , cans and plastic bottles and they also give talls nad presentations about tne earth 's problems , lkke global warming , pollution , etc .

C The manager of this project is Miss June Sid , our science teacher .
T Teh manager of thie ptoject is Niss June Si , oir science teacher .

C All these initiatives have made us all , over the years , a recognised ecological community .
T All thesw initiatives have made us all , ofer the years , a recognised ecologkcal community .

C Good morning everyone . Today I want to share about my favorite sport .
T Glod morning everypne . Tlday I want to shafe ablut my favorite spory .

C My favorite sport is football . Why do I choose it ? Well , football is an international sport . People around the world love it so much ! Barclay Premier League , Liga Premier , Fifa World Cup and so on .
T My favorite sport is foptball . Whny do I choose it ? Wekl , dootball is an international spodt . Oeople adound the worlc lov it so much ! Barclat remier Oeague , Liuga Premied , Fifa Wsorld Cup and so on .

C I believe that everything will delight us .
T I belpieve that wverything wiol delight us .

C By the way , my favorite football team is Manchester United . They are brilliant . They have amazing football players , and they are awesome .
T By the way , my favorute football team is Manchester United . They sre bripliant . They have amazing football playes , qnd theg are aweeome .

C Michael was a little kid when he had a dream that was : to be a super hero !
T Michael was a little kid when he had a deeam that wzs : to be a suoer hero !

C After many years , he still dreamt of becoming a super hero .
T Afrer many years , he xtill freamt of becoming a supet hero .

C He went to university to study medicine because he thought that that profession was the most similar to being a super hero .
T He went to univeristy to study mrdicine beczuse he thought that thqt profesison as the most similar to beikng a super hero .

C After some years at university he met a girl called Kate and he fell in love with her and she fell in love with him .
T After some years at university he mwt a girl called Kate ane he fell in love wiyh hyer and she fello in kove with him .

C Kate was attending university to study fashion .
T Kate was attedning univefsity to study fashioj .

C Then the two started to date .
T Tyhen tfhe twp srarted to date .

C Michael and Kate were so happy , until one day Michael told her about his dream of being a super hero . Kate got so agitated , saying that it was ridiculous and just a kid 's dream and that Michael was only dreaming and that would never happen and that super heroes did n't exist .
T Muchael qnd Kate were so uappy , until one day Michael told her about his dreak of beibg a super herok . Katd got so agktated , saying thar it aws ridiculous and just a id 's dream and thta Michael wqs onl dreaminh and that would nevet happen and ghat super heries did n't exist .

C When she said that , Michael started to cry and got mad , saying that she was lying and did n't have a heart .
T Whej she said tha , Michael started to cy amd git mad , saying thar whe was lying snd did n't have a heart .

C He got so mad that he asked her to get out of his apartment .
T He got so ad that he asked hef to gdt out of his apartkent .

C The following day , she said sorry and they were happy again .
T Tje following day , she said sorry and fhey wede hsppy again .

C But when they got to Michael 's house , they fought again and Michael got a knife and kill her .
T Hut whem they gpt to Michael 's hpuse , they fought again and Michael gkt a knfe anc kilp er .

C He cried with a lot of blood around .
T He cried with a pot of blood around .

C Michael got away from there .
T Michael got away frlm there .

C Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
T Micahel closd the doir an knww at thwt moment he hqd kade a mistake .

C Public transportation is an important invention in human history . It brings a number of benefits in our life .
T Public transpottation is an important invention in hulan history . It brigs a nukber of nenefits in ourf kife .

C For instance , we take the subway in order to avoid being stuck in traffic .
T Ror instance , we taie thd subwat in order to agoid bsing stuck in traffic .

C It is true that travelling by car is more convenient than taking public transportation . However , it will cause more damage to our life and harm our environment .
T It is tru tjat travelling by car is more convenient thanm taking publix yransportation . However , it will cause more damage to ohr lie and har our environmeny .

C Therefore , we need to think more about our future , our offspring .
T Thefefore , we heed to think more about our future , our pffspring .

C Giving them a safe , clean and comfortable place to live .
T Gving tnem a safd , clean and comfortable place to live .

C If there is no public transportation , traffic jams will be more serious than before .
T If fhere is no publuc tarnsportation , traffic ajms sill be mroe sdrious tha before .

C In my city , Taipei , we are always stuck in traffic for about one hour in the morning .
T In my city , Taipei , we are always stuxk in trxffic or abkut oje hour in tue morning .

C I can not imagine how long I would take to get to school if there was no bus or MRT .
T I can npt imagune hoq ong I ould take to get to scholo if rhere wss no bus or MRT .

C The car is convenient for humans , but it brings damage for humans too .
T Tge dar is conbenient fkr humazns , ubt it brings daqmage for humans to .

C For example , carbon dioxide , which is emitted by cars .
T Fod example , varbon dioxids , whuch is emitted by car .

C It causes global warming , which threatens our environment and harms our daily life .
T It causes global warmung , which threatens oud environment nad hars our raily lofe .

C We can see that there are lots of serious and frequent weather - related disasters happening in recent decades , such as typhoons , hurricanes , wild fires and mud slides .
T We can see that there are lots of serious and frequent weater - relatd diassters happenimg in refent decdes , suc as typhoos , hurricanes , wild fores and mjd slides .

C What other precautions are usually taken ?
T What othdr precautions are usually taken ?

C The NG Office is notified by the photographer when the film was shipped .
T The NG Office is notjfied by thd lhotographer whem tne film was shippdd .

C If the film does n't arrive on time , it immediately .
T If tye filk doez n't arrive on tjme , it immediately .

C Lost shipments have been found more easily when this process is started right away .
T Los shilments hsve been found more easily whem this orocess is sarted right awwy .

C The pleasure of traveling
T Tbe pleasure of traveking

C People go , people come .
T People go , poeple ocme .

C Every day lots of people are travelling abroad but , what 's the best way to do an international trip ?
T Evwry dxy lots of people are travelling abroad but , what 's thd bezt wqy to do an internationak tri ?

C The most important option for travel is , by far , the plane .
T Fhe nost importany option tor travel is , by far , rhe plane .

C But , even if it 's true that it 's the fastest option , you must be very careful when it 's time to get off a plane .
T Gut , evgen if it 's truer that it 's thr fastest option , you just be very carefuo when it 's timw to get off a plane .

C If you are looking for comfort and relaxation , obviously , you have to take a boat .
T If ou are lookihg for comfort anjd relaxation , obciously , you have to take a boat .

C There are a wide variety of things to do and enjoy the trip .
T There are a side variegy of thinhs to do and enjoy thr trip .

C However , the best option is to choose a train .
T However , fhe best opgion is to choise a train .

C There is n't any comparison with watching the changes in the landscape through a window , enjoying the route that you are taking and , the best part , the cheapest way to get away some days and take the routine off some days .
T Tehre is n't zny comparisaon with watching thd changes in tye landscape thrpugh a qindow , enojying thge toute yhat you are taking qnd , yhe nest oart , fhe cheapest way to gt away spme daye wnd take the routinr ofd som days .

C Anyway , no matter how you go , no matter where you go .
T Anyway , no mattre how yoj go , no matger where you go .

C The pleasure of travelling is travel itself .
T Tge lleasure of travellinf is travep iteelf .

C Transportation is one of the most important things in life , so we have many of kinds of transportation . Now we travel by car , but in the near future there will be other comfortable and easy ways to travel , like fast trains and planes that can transport you from north to south in less than an hour . This will make businessmen happy and comfortable , because of saving a lot of time and effort , so we hope that the government can achieve this as soon as possible .
T Transportation is ond of thd most important things in life , so we hsve may of kinds of transportation . Nlw we travel by cad , nut in yhe near future there will be other cofmortable znd sasy wys to travle , like fast trainz ajd planesa tuat can transporg tou frol north to sojth in less than an houf . This wilk male busiknessmen happy and comfortable , bscause of savibg a lot of tome amd effort , so we hope that the govsrnment can acieve thjs as soob as pissible .

C In modern societies , there are lots of friends in our daily lives .
T In modern societies , there are lot of frienxs in our daily pives .

C Big projects could not be finished without cooperation .
T Bg project coyld not be finishsd withou cooperatoon .

C Friends can communicate and exchange ideas , feelings and funny things that happen around us .
T Friends can communicate and echange ideas , feelihgs and funny things that happeh aroynd us .

C More importantly , parents give us life and they teach us knowledge and skills or abilities to live in this world .
T Mote importantly , larents gijve us lige nd they teac us knowledge snd smills or abilities to live in this world .

C In this case , family members play important roles in our daily lives .
T In fhis case , family membefs play impirtant roles in lur dsily lives .

C The reasons are as follows .
T The rdasons ard as follows .

C First of all , we can learn lots of skills from parents based on their own experience .
T Fisrt of all , we dan learn lots of skilos rrom parents bzsed on their own experience .

C For example , we can learn how to communicate with others in a friendly way , and we can also learn how to make a meal from parents .
T Fpr example , we cwn learn how to communicatye with othres in a friendpy wwy , wnd we xan also learn how to mke a neal fron parenhts .

C Secondly , family members can give you some advice about how to deal with the things which cause you trouble .
T Secondly , famliy mebers can give yku soke advics about bow to dea with tje ghings which cauwe yku trouble .

C If difficulties are shared with family members , ideas will come up to your family members and they will communicate with you about how to solve this situation .
T If difficultids are shared witj family members , ideas wilp come up to you family memgers and they will communifate ith ylu about how to solve ghis situation .

C All in all , in this case , family members are the most important friends in our lives .
T Apl in al , in thiw case , famuly members are tne mots important friens in our pives .

C Computing Technology has been advancing a great deal in recent years , making the old computers almost useless , getting better , and making the difference between old and new computers grow even more with every new invention .
T Ckmputing Rechnology haz heen advanding a greaf deao in recdent yeasr , aking teh old computers akmost useless , gettinf better , and making yhe differenfe between ood and nes comluters griw evdn mjore with every new invention .

C As we can see , old and new computers are vastly different , starting from the size of the computers . Old computers were much bigger than new computers .
T As we cah xee , odl ande nsw computers are vastly different , staeting frok tue siez of thd computers . Old computers ewre muvh bigfer thqn new computers .

C Old computers used to occupy one entire room , now , they are only the size of a box , even the size of a book .
T Oldr computers used to kccupy opne entire eoom , npw , ghey ar only the size of a box , even the size of a book .

C You can have a portable computer now , and take it with you to every place you visit .
T Yoy can havce a portable computer ow , anf tke it with you to very olace you isit .

C Old computers only let you do math tasks , or even play simple games with 2 colors ( green and black ) , but now you can do whatever you want to do , like creating or playing video games , writing or reading a book , connect to the internet , watch or make videos , invent new stuff to improve Computing Technology , and not only in 2 colors , but thousands of them .
T Okd computers only let you do math tasks , or eveh play simple gwmes with 2 colors ( geeen amd hlack ) , hut now yoh cwn do whaever you eant to do , like crexting or playing viodeo games , sriting or reading a bokk , donnect to ghe internet , watch or make videos , ivent new stuff to umprove Computing Technology , and not only in 2 colors , hut thousands of fhem .

C One of the greatest achievements of new computing is the internet , where you can connect to other computers , download stuff , etc . via Ethernet cable or Wireless Connection ( Wi - Fi ) .
T Ohe of rhe grsatest cahievements of new cimputing is the internet , where yoi cam connect to othsr cmputers , download setuff , etfc . via Wthernet cable or Wirsless Connectin ( Wi - Fi ) .

C Get rekt m8
T Het rek m8

C I went to the abandoned house and started to think of the best way to make his life miserable . I spent the next 2 weeks looking for ideas to make him suffer .
T I went to tge abandonedx bouse and starter to tnink of the brst way to make his life miserable . I spent the nezt 2 weeks looking fod ideas to lake him suffet .

C As I did n't find anything , I went to the place where he lived and started to look for some information about his life and find people who he cared about . So as I continued to go to his house , I noticed he would always go to the same house , s I decided to follow him to the house and I found out he was dating a girl . She might be his girlfriend , so I finally got an idea . I would drive him crazy just as he did me . That way she would think he had problems with his mind and leave him . But soon i thought about it again and realized that if I did that she would try to help him and they will be more united , so I decided to drive them both crazy , almost to the brink of death , just as he did with me !
T As I dud n't fihd anything , I went to ghe place wherd he kived and startd to lok for some information abuot his life and find peoplke wbo he cared aout . So as I continued to go to his house , I noticed he woiuld always go to tghe dame housw , s I decidee to follow hjm to the houee and I founf out he sas dating a gorl . She might be his girlfriend , so I finaply got an idea . I would drive huim cray jut as he did me . Thwt qay seh woulx think he gad problels with his min and leace him . But soon i thoughy aboit it again and realzied thar if I did that she would tyr to help him and they will be more jnited , so I decidsed to druve them botg cazy , almost to the brink of death , jusy as he did wkth me !

C But wait a minute , am I really sufficiently angry to do this ?
T Buy wqit a minjte , am I really sufficuently anfry to do fhis ?

C Yes !
T Ues !

C I screamed . My anger had dominated my mind . I did n't have any control over my actions . I was afraid of what I had become and what I could do , but I could not control myself and the only thing I could think of was him suffering a slow death and the satisfaction I would feel when I finally had my revenge . The best revenge .
T I csreamed . My anher had dokinated my mind . I dir n't have any controk over my actions . I wa afarid of wha I hax becime and whst I cohld do , but I fould not control nyself and the onlg thing I coukd thjnk of was yim suffering a slow deat znd the satisfaction I would feel whwn I finally had my revenge . The beat revege .

C But I was so mad at him and so anxious to make his life impossible , and soon my fear of death and my anger for all of the suffering I had been through became stronger and greater . I had made a decision and I was going to do it . If he dedicated 4 years of his life to torturing me and not wanting me to be happy , the time is necessary for him to have a miserable life and I wo n't stop until I have accomplished my goal .
T But I was so jad at him and so anxoous to make ihs lie impossible , and soo my feawr of dath and my anger flr alk of the suffdring I ha been throygh becasme stroger ands gdeater . I hwd mdae a defision and I was goinv to do it . If he dedjcated 4 yewrs of hos life to torturing me and no wamting me to be happy , the timle is necessaey fpr bim to jave a miserable kife anr I wo n't stop untkl I have accomplished my glal .

C I do not agree with this idea completely .
T I do bot agred with fhis ieda completely .

C On the one hand , travel by car is really much more convenient , as it gives you the chance to be independent .
T On tbe on habd , travel by xar is really mucj more convenient , as it gjves ygou yhe hance to be independent .

C On the other hand , huge traffic jams are a big issue when travelling by car .
T On rhe otner hanx , huge traqffic jasm ars a big issue whe travelling by car .

C My Favourite sport
T My Favourite sport

C I was born to be a football player .
T I wasd born to be a football playe .

C For me , football is everything in my life .
T Fod me , footbalol is everything in my life .

C When I watch football on television I dream of playing in a big team and in a big championship like the Barclays Premier League , Ligue 1 or Liga BBVA .
T Whej I watc football on television I dreqm of playing in a big tewm and in a big chakpionship ike the Barclays Premier League , Ligue 1 or Liga BBVAs .

C My favourite clubs are Benfica and Real Madrid , where Ronaldo plays . For me , he is the best player in the world . That is why Ronaldo won the Gold ball in 2014 .
T My cavourite lcubs are Benfuca and Deal Mwdrid , wyere Ronaldo plsys . Foe me , he is the besf player in the world . That is wyh Romaldo woh teh Gold ball in 2014 .

C I play football for a Portuguese club called Valenciano and we won a lot of games this season .
T I play football for a Portuyuese ckub alled Valencixno and we aon a lo of games this seadon .

C I dream of winning a lot of leagues in football and winning the best championship , the Uefa Champions League , and the best scorer of all time in Uefa Champions League is Cristiano Ronaldo , my favourite player .
T I dream of inning a lot of leagues in gootball and wnning the bdst champiohship , trhe Uefa Championjs League , andf tye bwst scoref of all tome in Uefa Champinos League is Cristiano Rohaldo , my favourite playsr .

C I play football because I like it but the only reason that I do it hardly is because of my dad .
T I play football becauee I lkke it but tue only reaspn that I do it gardly is becajse of my dad .

C His dream is that I become the next captain of a big team and win a lot of money .
T Hiz ddeam is that I become tge next captain of a big tean anr win a lot of money .

C My name is Jonny .
T My ame is Jonny .

C I graduated from National Taiwan University of Science and Technology .
T I graduated from National Taowan University of Science ane Technilogy .

C I am 25 years old .
T I am 25 years old .

C I am interested in looking after children and playing with children .
T I am interested in looking sfter children ad ppaying qith children .

C I like childlike people , so I like children .
T I like childlike peoplr , so I like children .

C I have experience of holding basketball competitions when I was a student .
T I hace exoerience of holding basketball competitions qhen I was a student .

C I planned many interesting activities for views to make competitions come alive .
T I planhed many ihteresting activities for vidws to maxke competitions come aluve .

C They enjoyed the game .
T They enjoyed the gake .

C I also like to cook .
T I alsp oike to cook .

C If my mom cooks , I always help her .
T If my jom cookls , I always help herr .

C My personality is cheerful , energetic and hardworking .
T My persoknality is cneerful , energetic qnd haedworking .

C I always smile at people .
T I alwxys smil at pepple .

C I really want to get this job .
T I rdally waht to gt his job .

C I want to play with children and see their smiles all day .
T I wajt to play with children znd eee thrir xmiles all day .

C I think that a smile is the best gift in this world .
T I ghink that a smile is the bezt gift in this world .

C I am also a hard worker .
T I am alxo a hard worker .

C I have passion for this job .
T I ave assion for this job .

C If you think I am the right person you want , please send me a reply . Thank you .
T If you thinj I am tge right pereon tou want , please send me a reply . Fhank you .

C Public transportation has been used by people more and over the years it has been kind of becoming cheaper and also safer , but some people prefer cars . To what extent do we agree with this and what are our reasons for that ? That is what we are going to demonstrate in this essay .
T Public transportation yas bden used by oeople more ad ovrr the years it has bheen ind of becoming chezper ahd slso safer , but some poeple prefer cafs . To what extnet do we agrew wigh thia and what afe our reasone for that ? Thazt is what we ae boing to demonstrate in this essay .

C About 40 years ago , there was nothing called public transportation and people rarely owned cars , so in those years there were not even good facilities to move from one place to another and that is because there were no companies to build cars . After about 10 years , car trading became viable and also became very supported by having her own fans . At the beginning , they faced a lot of problems , but they were able to solve them in the end .
T About 40 yeasr ago , thrre was nofhing valled publc transportztion ane peoplr tarely owne car , so in thopse yeafs there eere jot evej gkod facikities to move from onw place to naother ajd that is becxuse thered wers no companies to build xars . Aftrr aout 10 yeaes , cvar trading became viable and also became verh supported by having yer oqn fans . At the beginning , they faced a kot of lroblems , bht thry were abhle to solve them in tne enbd .

C Nowadays all modes of transport are more convenient , from cars to buses , even trains and planes . Some people prefer cars because they do not like crowded places or because they find it cheaper sometimes , but from another point of view , public transportation is very cheap and even faster . But when it comes to traveling , a lot of people prefer driving their own cars to feel the real experience and to enjoy themselves more by avoiding crowded places .
T Nowadays all modex of translort are moe convenient , fron crs to busex , eve trrains anr planes . Dome peopls prefer cars bedcause they do npt like crowded places or becayse thgey fin it cheaper sometimess , hut from another point of view , public transportafion is vedy cheap ajd even faster . Gut when it comes to traveling , a lot of people prefer drifing their own cars to feel the real experience anr to enjoy themselves mor by aoviding crowded polaces .

C To summarise , it is different from some oneis opinion to another . I predict that public transportation will be improved and people will use it more and more , and that in the end , cars will disappear and will no longer be used .
T To sumarise , it is differeht frpm some oneis ppinion to qnother . I predict that public transportarion qill be improved and peoplw wipl usd it more znd mire , an that in rhe end , caes wkll disappear and wilp no lobger be uded .

C The topic itself explaining the uncertainty of public transport in our country .
T The topif itself explzining the uncertainfy of pubilc teansport in our countrg .

C This conclusion becomes more prominent if we look into the data of the car companies and the exponential growth in their sales figures and , with low budget private cars in the picture , the scenario has drastically changed in the past 10 years .
T This conclusion becomes mkre prominent if we look knto the data of hte car companies ad the exponential growth in thir asles igures nad , wiyh low budget private cars in tye poicture , the scenario ahs drastically changed in the pasy 10 years .

C Development of the biodiesel industry can make a contribution to productivity growth .
T Development of tje bioiesel industry can make a contribution to productivity growth .

C A large scale of investment was brought to biofuel development .
T A lrage scalw of investmeny was broufht to biocuel devwlopment .

C Meanwhile , it boosted economic growth and job opportunities , thereby enhancing Gross Domestic Product ( GDP ) .
T Mesnwhile , it booxted economic growth znd jobn opportunigies , therevy enhancint Gross Domestic Product ( GDP ) .

C If you live in a big town or a small one , it does n't matter , but one thing that should be taken care of by the people and organisers of the town , is the environment .
T If hou live in a big tkwn or a smalo ne , it doea n't matter , bur kne thing thag should be yaken cdare of by the leople nad orgxnisers of the toan , is thr environment .

C Global warming is a huge issue these days .
T Gloal warmijg is a hhge issue these days .

C Governments should take immense action to stop it or at least make it slow down .
T Governmebts shoule take immense action to stop it or at leas mjake it dlow down .

C However , we , the people , play a really important part in making it worse .
T However , we , the peopke , plpay a reaply important parg in making it wkrse .

C Active and a good government understand the value of taking care of trees and water and air and much more to provide a fresh , clean and safe environment for their people .
T Active and a good govenrment undestand the value of taking care of trese and sater abd ai an mich molre to provide a fresh , cleab and saef environment fr thdir pwople .

C Recycling items can be a good step to start with for a clean and safe environment , which is perfectly and promptly taken care of by my city .
T Recycling items can be a good step to start with for a clean abd zafe environment , which is prfectly anc ptomptly taken cwre of by my cuty .

C Everyone has to plant a tree in front of their home according to a rule of the provincial government .
T Everyone has to plwnt a trre in front of thejr hole qccording to a ruyle of tge provinckal government .

C People do not realize that cutting down a tree can reduce the production of oxygen in the atmosphere .
T People do jot realize tyat cutting dow a tree can resduce the prodfuction of oxygen in the atmospgere .

C Eventually , humans will have no more fresh air to breathe .
T Eventually , humans wiol have no more fresh aur to breayhe .

C Additionally , our city government has prohibited smoking in public areas and under 18 years old and provides a free session of talks or presentations to increase the awareness of the importance of a clean , safe , fresh environment to the city .
T Additiomally , kur city governmwnt hqs prohibited smoking in public areas ajd under 18 yearts opd ans prvoides a free session of talks or presentqtions to increass tue awarenesx of thw imporrance of a clean , safe , fresh environment to tje city .

C In conclusion , I would suggest our neighbour cities take part in cleaning the environment so one day it can be seen in the whole country .
T In conclueion , I wpuld sugges our neighbour cities taoe part in ceaning the environment so ome day it can be seen in rhe whole countrh .

C Everybody has his favourite sport .
T Everybody hase hix favourite sport .

C My favourite sport is football .
T My favourite sporty is footbzll .

C At our school or village football stadium I spend a lot of time every day .
T At oyr school or village football stadiun I spend a pot of time everyt day .

C Usually , I play football with my classmates .
T suually , I play fpotball aith my classmatse .

C Before training , I run 1 - 2 kilometres and my legs get power and my body gets energy .
T Before traoning , I ruh 1 - 2 kilometre and my legs get poser adn my gody gdts energy .

C Our team has a hard - working coach and he gives professional advice to us about how to improve our football skills .
T Oud team yas a had - working coaxh and he gives profeswional adbice to us about gow to improve oud foothall skills .

C His main words : " You must work and work very hard if you want to get good results " .
T His makn worxs : " Ypu must work snd work very hafd if you wznt to gst good results " .

C I can say that this coach is an experienced person .
T I cna sau that this coacy is an experienced peson .

C Not so long ago , we had a competition .
T Nit so long ago , we had a cfompetition .

C We won first place .
T We wln cirst place .

C We achieved this result because we are friendly and organised .
T We achieved thos fesult because we arw friendpy and organised .

C I believe that in the future I will be a famous football player in teams such as Skhatar or Dynamo .
T I bvelieve tuat in the future I will be a famou football player in tdams sych as Skhbatar or Dynamo .

C Football is my life .
T Football is my lifs .

C I want to give advice to anyone who starts this sport : " You must believe in yourself " .
T I wsnt to give adcice to anyon who starts this sport : " ou mhst beljeve in yoursepf " .

C Hallo my friend ,
T Hallo my vriend ,

C What 's up ?
T Whatr 's up ?

C How are you ?
T Bow are yo ?

C How was your day today ?
T Hoa was your day today ?

C It 's really nice for your expressly e - mail yesterday .
T It 's really mice foe your expressky e - mail yesterdau .

C You regret that you were n't there with me . I 'll try to describe everything precisely , because I know that you very
T Yo regret thaxt you sere n't thwre aith me . I 'll ty to describe evertthing precisely , bexause I kno tht youj very

C Dear Paul ,
T Dear Payl ,

C I have seen your advertisement in the academy newspaper and I 'm quite interested . I have no plans for this summer , so I think it is a good idea to spend it .
T I have seen your advertisement in thr academy newxpaper ajd I 'm quite ingerested . I yave no ppans for thks dummer , so I tyink it is a gooe icea to spend it .

C I was born in the UK , so I could be a very good teacher of English .
T I was horn in the UK , so I could be a very gbood tewcher of Wnglish .

C Although I came to Spain ten years later , so I could speak with them in Spanish if it was necessary .
T Althouvh I came to Spain tem years later , so I could sepak wuth thel in Spanosh if it weas necessary .

C Also , I attended a ballet course for 4 years when I was young .
T Alzo , I attended a balolet course fot 4 yrars when I aas youjg .

C It was a long time ago , but , I still keep the rhythm in my body !
T It was a ling tije ago , but , I atill kewp the rhythm in my bosy !

C By the way , I remember I had to create a dynamic training course to do with the other ballet - course members . I had to be the teacher for one day and I haven't forgotten it because I felt wonderful .
T By the way , I eemember I had to creates a dyjamic training dourse to do with the pther ballet - course mmbers . I had to be the tacher ror ome day and I haveb't forgotten it because I felt wonderful .

C All members congratulated me , as well .
T Al membesr congratulated me , as well .

C On the other hand , I took care of my brothers and cousins for many hours when they were very young .
T On the other hznd , I took carr of my brothesr amd cousinz for mqny hiurs whe they were very young .

C You should know that I 'm a very responsible , kind and funny person .
T Yku should know yhat I 'm a very responsible , kind anc funnu person .

C That makes me a good candidate to get the job , or the hobby for me !
T That makex me a goopd candidate to get the job , or tghe hobby for me !

C I hope you consider my candidature , because wo n't disappoint you .
T I hope yoy consider my canridature , becausd wo n't dosappoint you .

C Best wishes , Julia .
T Best wishes , Julia .

C In my opinion , public transport wo n't suffer from a shortage of demand .
T In my opinion , public transpprt wo n't suffer from a shortage of demand .

C Because not everyone can afford to buy their own car .
T Because ont everyone can afford to uby theif own car .

C Besides , there are lots of low - income people who ca n't buy their own car .
T Bewides , there wre lots of kow - incomr peoploe wuo ca n't huy fheir own car .

C So I think public transport 's future is bright .
T So I hink publiv transport 's cuture is bright .

C What does " Family " mean ?
T What does " Falily " mean ?

C In my opinion , family is the place that had you best friend can help each other and know each .
T In my opinion , fqmily is the place tha had you besg friend can help wach otgher and knoe eqch .

C In Taiwan , many people have to take care of their parents when they get old , but the point is , what if you can not survive ? I mean , you do n't have enough money to look after your parent .
T In Taiwanh , mxny people hwve to take care of theor parenst when they get old , but the poit is , what if you cam noy sufvive ? I man , you do n't have enoygh noney to lopk afte your parrnt .

C Back to the topic . I do n't know any of the members of my family well . I do n't trust them , to be honest .
T Back to tje topic . I do n't know any of th members of my fmily wlel . I do n't trust them , to be honedt .

C I like New Zealand because there are many islands .
T I like Nes Zealand because ghere are mamy jslands .

C By the way , New Zealand has cool weather .
T By the way , New Zealand ahs cool weather .

C In Malaysia , the weather is slightly warmer than there .
T In Makaysia , yhe weather is slightly wramer tan there .

C That 's why I recommend all of you to go there and feel the pleasure and have a try of their food .
T That 's qhy I recommend all of you to go three and feel teh oleasure snd hav a try of theor food .

C You can also buy a lot of gifts , like key chains , statues , or other souvenirs to be made before returning to Malaysia .
T Yku can alszo buy a lit of gfits , like kdy chaons , statues , or other souvenirx to be amde beforte returming to Malaysiq .

C I have not been to New Zealand but , believe me , it is a very beautiful place .
T I have not bsen to Nww Zealanc but , believe me , it is a veyr beaitiful place .

C If I have the means , I will go there and take all of you .
T If I have the meams , I eill go thdre and take all of ypu .

C I live in Lentini , a small city in East Sicily .
T I kive in Lsntini , a smakl citu in Eat Sicily .

C The local council does n't have a project for the environment .
T Ther local council does n't have a prouect fo ther environment .

C People collect any kind of rubbish and throw it all together in black sacks .
T Pepple collecf any kinc of rubbizh and throe it alp together in black szacks .

C Although the council began to plan something , the people are n't committed to the problem .
T Althouhh the counckl began to ppan somethint , th people arde n't ommitted to fhe proble .

C Around the city , you can find many places where people throw fridges , ovens , " amianto " , old things or furniture .
T Qround the city , you can find many places whefe leople throw fridgez , olvens , " amianto " , olld thibgs or furniture .

C What a pity !
T What a pity !

C The suburbs of Lentini could be wonderful .
T The euburbs of Lentini could be wonderful .

C There are orange trees , a large lake and Etna in the background .
T There are orange yrees , a large lae ad Etna in yhe backgrond .

C When I was a child , I had a lot friends and they were very important to me .
T When I wad a child , I hazd a lot friends and thet were very imporftant to me .

C We always played in the park or we talked about our tastes , music , boys , we laughed a lot of ...
T We always playde in the park or we tqlked abiut kur tastes , music , boys , we loaughed a lot of ...

C But when I was a teenager , I began to experience situations that I did not like , for instance , girls said bad things to me or they talked unkindly about me .
T But when I was a teeanger , I began to expeeience situztions thag I did nof likd , fgor instancer , irls said bad things to me or tgey talkex unkindly about me .

C In those years , I went through the worst moments of my life .
T In thoxe yaers , I went through thw worat moments of my pife .

C I remember , when I celebrated my 15th birthday , only one schoolmate wanted to come to my party . I think that that day was one of the worst days of my life .
T I reember , wgen I celebrated my 51th bjrthday , only oine schoolmate wanted to come to my partyu . I think thaf tyat day was olne of the worst daye of my lijfe .

C That night , I cried because I felt that I did n't have any friends .
T That night , I cried because I fslt that I did n't have any friends .

C However , my parents tried to make it so that my party was the best and they prepared a special birthday for me and they invited all my cousins and we together we went to eat pizza and they gave me a lot of presents .
T However , my parents trierd to mnake it so that my party eas the best and theu prepared a special birtdhay fort me nd they invite all my cousins abd we together we went to eat pizzz and thdy gwve me a lo of prtesents .

C At that moment , I thought that my best friends were my parents and sister .
T At that koment , I thought tjat my bsst friends were my parent aznd sistdr .

C I knew that they would never talk unkindly about me .
T I knew that tbey would nevee talk unjindly avout me .

C Now , my husband is my best friend .
T Now , my huhsband is my best frien .

C He is the most important person in my life .
T He is the most important persob in my lifer .

C He has always been with me .
T He has alwags been witu me .

C Also , he is very funny and I laugh a lot with him .
T Also , he is very funny ane I lzugh a lo wtih him .

C We both like to travel around the world and to do some sports , for example , tennis , running or trekking .
T We bothy lkie to tracel raound thw wsorld and to do some wports , for example , ennis , eunning or trekking .

C We like watching TV series and cooking different desserts , too .
T We lioe watching TV serids ad coojing different desserts , top .

C To sum up , my best friends are my family , especially , David , my husband .
T To xum up , my best friends are my family , especiallt , David , my husband .

C The lives of people around the globe is becoming busier and busier day by day .
T Thr lives of pwople artound tge globe is becoming busidr ahd busuer xay by dxy .

C A busy life always compels us to use the fastest and most convenient mode of transportation , which has made public transportation systems lag behind motor cars .
T A buxy lite always compels us to use rhe fastest anx most convenient mode of transportation , which hxs made public transpprtation shstems la behnid motor cars .

C Dear USA SUMMER CAMPS ,
T Dear SA SUMMER CALPS ,

C This advertisement for a job has been read by a suitable person .
T Tyis advertiwement for a job has bden rrad by a suitwble person .

C My name is Mara . I am from Spain .
T My nsme is Mara . I am feom Epain .

C I am interested in this work because I enjoy travelling and I am a teacher , so I like working with children .
T I am intdrested in his wlrk becauze I enjoy travelling and I am a teaher , so I pike working wit chiodren .

C I am sure that I will look after the children very well .
T I am usre thst I wilp lool sfter the fhildren very welol .

C I would like to speak English perfectly , so I think if I work in summer camps , I will improve my level of English .
T I would like to spesk English perfectly , so I think if I work in summr camps , I will improve my lefel of Englis .

C On the other hand , I could teach Spanish to the children in the summer camps .
T On the other hans , I could teach Spanish to ghe fhildren in the summsr vamps .

C I am looking forward to your answer .
T I am looking forward to hour answer .

C Hi Sam
T Hi Sawm

C How are you ? Are you still living in Madrid ?
T Hos are yoi ? Are you still living in Madrir ?

C Yes , I started my lessons last month and it 's very interesting .
T Yss , I started my leseons lsst momth and it 's bery intsresting .

C I 'm learning a lot and the students are very friendly .
T I 'm lrarning a lot abd the students ard very frinedly .

C But I need to study harder because I want to pass the exam , and it 's very difficult .
T But I need to stusy harcer because I wanr to pass the rxam , xnd it 's very difficult .

C However , if I carry on studying like now , I will do it .
T However , if I xarry on wtudying lpike now , I will do it .

C The lessons are very funny .
T Thr ldssons qre veryg fnny .

C Dear Sir or Madam ,
T Dear Sr or Madak ,

C I have seen your advertisement in the newspaper and I am interested in applying for .
T I haev xeen tour advertisement in ths newspaper and I am interested in applying for .

C I can speak English and I am a lovely , energetic and hardworking person . In addition , I have a reference from
T I cvan speak English qnd I am a lovely , energetic an hardworkin person . In addxition , I have a referencw from

C my last company .
T my laxst colpany .

C I have been working as a primary teacher in a school and I am qualified .
T I hgave bden worming as a primary taecher in a school ans I am qualifjed .

C In addition , I have cooking skills and I love to cook .
T In addition , I hxve cookibg skils and I love to cook .

C I hope you are interested in my application .
T I hope you are interested in my applicqtion .

C I am looking forward to hearing from you .
T I am lookimg forward to hearing from yoj .

C Sandra Barrientos
T Sandra Barrientos

C Technology has changed people 's lives a lot . In fact , we can think how different our life is compared to either our parents ' or our grandparents ' lives . For example , my parents did n't watch TV , because there was n't any TV in the world when they were young . But that is n't the only difference : we can think about the mobile phone , the computer and finally the internet . Our grandparents could n't have imagined a strange machine like the computer in their lives .
T Technilogy has chagned people 's livers a llt . In facr , we can thijk how different our life is compwred to ether our pafents ' or our grandparents ' livds . For example , my parents did n't waych TV , becxuse there was n't any TV in ths world wahen ghey wre young . But that is n't tne only difference : we can think abouit tne mobiles phone , the colputer amd finally thge interner . Oujr grandparents cojld n't have imagined a strange machine like ths computsr in their lives .

C Despite the fact that personal vehicles like the car are now popular , in the future , the existence of public transport will still be absolutely crucial .
T Despitew teh fact that personap vehicles lik the cat are niw populr , in the futue , tye exisrence of pubpic trasport will stiol be absolutely crucial .

C Nowadays , people use fossil fuels as the most important source of energy for travelling and manufacturing . This source of energy does n't always remain at a constant level , and someday it will run out .
T Noqadays , people use fossil fuels as the ost important sourde of energy fo traveling asnd manufacturing . This sourec of energy does n't alwzys rrmain at a constant pevel , and somjeday it wlil runm oit .

C People must find ways to use other energy sources like nuclear power and wind power . Public transportation such as the electric metro use this kind of energy .
T Peolle must fin way to uss pther esnergy sources like nuclear powed an wind poaer . Public transporration euch as te eletcric metro ise this iind of energy .

C As a result , governments will invest more in researching the use of these new types of energy , and travelling using public transport will become much cheaper than a using private car .
T As a result , governments will invest more in researchin ths ue of tyese new tpyes of ehergy , adn travwlling using public transpoort wilk brcome much cheaper than a using privatw car .

C The range of public services will be expanded to remote areas , and it will become much more convenient .
T Thw range of puiblic sevices will be expanded to rmote zreas , anx it wilo become mucu morw convenient .

C Commuting and travelling using public services will be the first priority .
T Commuting abd travelliny using piblic servicee will be tue first prkority .

C In addition , the population is increasing rapidly . In the near future , most cities in the world will become overcrowded . This will lead to many other problems that will need to be solved . For example , traffic jams and air pollution .
T In addition , ths population is increasing rapidly . In tghe nrar future , mkst citiea in the world will become overcrodwed . This will ldad to kany other problewms tnat wikl neer to be olved . For example , traftic jals snd aur pollutkon .

C In some ways , these problems are caused by the overuse of personal vehicles .
T In sime ways , these problrms aree caused by ghe overuse of perdonal vehiclez .

C People will realise that using their own car is just wasting their time in traffic jams or gradually killing themselves by breathing polluted air .
T Pepple will realise thar using hteir own cxr is just wazting their tike in traffic jaks or gradually kikling themselevs by breathing polluted air .

C So the best way for them to travel is public transport .
T So the best way for them to travel is pubvlic transporg .

C Each person should practice saving energy when using any source of energy to protect his own life .
T Each person shoulr practic saving energu when using any source of ehergy to protrct his own life .

C In conclusion , investments in developing public transport will be increased considerably . Public transport services have a bright future and their existence in the future ca n't be replaced .
T In conclusiob , investments in developing pyblic tranpsort wikll be increased considerably . Public transport services hve a brihgt futurw and thei existenc in the future ca n't be reolaced .

C Hello Alex , how are you ?
T Helo Aoex , how rae you ?

C Are you free at the weekend ? Have you got any plans ?
T Are oyu frer at the weekend ? Have yo got zny plans ?

C Me and my friends are going to the cinema , and I am inviting you to go with us .
T Me and my friends are gping to ther cinem , ahd I am inviting gou to go withj us .

C If you are interested , meet me at 8 o ' clock near the cinema entrance .
T If yoy are interested , meey me at 8 o ' clock near the cienma entranxe .

C Thank you Helen for those wonderful presents .
T Thank you Helem fro thosw wonderful prrsents .

C I always want to read this type of book .
T I always wan to reax this type of book .

C I went to temple in the morning followed by lunch at the hotel . Then later in the evening I went to the beach .
T I went to templw in the mornng followed by lunch at the hotel . Yhen lzter in the evening I weny to thw beacn .

C In conclusion , it is evident that because developing countries are facing political and economic instability , migrants travel for better education prospects a and stable environment for the younger generation to grow up in .
T In conclusion , it is evodent tha because developing countries arr facung political and economic instability , migranst travel fo bettee education prospects a wnd stable environmment for tje younger generation to grkw up in .

C The effects of brain drain are that it creates a shortage of people qualified for professional jobs . Economic stability is affected as a result of a lack of people contributing to the economy .
T The effect of vrain drain are thst it crrates a shortage of people qualified for professionl jibs . Econolic stability is affected as a ersult of a lac of people contribufing to the econojy .

C The cause of brain - drain should be tackled at international and national levels on a broader dimensions and more rational pattern , because it is a global issue .
T Thd caus of brain - drwin shoyld be tackled at interjational and natyional levrls on a broaddr dimsnsions and more ratjonal pattern , becauss it is a global sisue .

C In this situation , developing nations should take control of inflation ; focus on boosting the infrastructure and law enforcement to support the public in a positive way .
T In this situatipn , developing natioms should take control of inflation ; focus on hoosting tje infrastructure nd law encorcement to support thue public in a positivs qay .

C There is n't enough oxygen at the top of Everest to breathe easily .
T Tyere is n't eough oxygdn at tbe tol of Everest to breathe easilyg .

C Jordan Romero was 13 when he climbed Everest in May 2010 .
T Jordan Romwro was 13 when he climbed Everewst in May 2010 .

C Mount Everest is so high that it is very difficult to climb .
T Mount Everest is so higy tha it is very diffucult to clibm .

C The top was reached for the first time by two climbers in 1953 .
T The top was reached for the firet time by two climbers in 1953 .

C My friends and I like TV programs , electronic music , fashionable clothes . I like everything .
T My friends an I like TV programs , electronic music , fashionable clothes . I liks everything .

C Sometimes we go to partyies in the city . I dance at the parties with my friends .
T Somdtimes we go to pwrtyies in the city . I dance at the parties with my friends .

C They listen to music and we sing .
T Tney listen to umsic amd we sing .

C It 's very good .
T It 's very good .

C Jason is my friend , he is drunk and he also dances with his girlfriend .
T Jaeon is my friend , he is ddunk ans he alsi dajces with hos girlfriend .

C Jose is the best singer . He sings and talks at the party .
T Jose is the bwst singer . He sings and talls at teh patty .

C Another person is Angel . He does n't dance anywhere .
T Another person is Agnel . He does n't dance anywhere .

C He prefers to study at home .
T He prefers to studyt at home .

C Hello Something ,
T Hello Something ,

C My name is Steven and I 'm 14 years old . I live in Germany .
T My name is Stevem and I 'm 14 years olr . I live in Germany .

C At the moment I go to a secondary modern school .
T At the moemnt I go to a secondary mosern school .

C I 'm in grade 8 .
T I 'm in grade 8 .

C My life is difficult because I have to realize everything .
T My life is difficult bedause I have to eealize dverything .

C For example , there is a girl in my class and she is beautiful .
T For eample , there is a girl in my clwss nad zhe is beautiful .

C I love her look .
T I love her look .

C Her eyes look like the sun .
T Her syes look like ths syn .

C But she ignores me .
T Hut sh ignorrs me .

C I hope I can forget her .
T I hope I caj fofget her .

C Run for your life
T Run dor yoru life

C My favourite sport is running .
T My favourite spoft is running .

C I like to run fast , so fast in fact that it feels as if I am running on air and my feet hardly touch the ground between strides .
T I like to run fadt , so fawt in fact rhat it feelz as if I am rujning on ait and my feety hadly touch the ground between strides .

C My favourite place to run is in the forest , but I like to run sportive too .
T My favourite pkace to ruj is in thr frest , but I like to ruhn psortive tok .

C I like to feel the ground under my feet is soft , so soft , not the hard concrete of the footpaths in the streets of the city .
T I luke to feel the ground unrer my feet is sofg , so sotf , not tye harc concfete of the footpaths in tge ztreets of hte cify .

C The best advice I can give to someone who is starting running is to start slowly and not to try to run too fast , but then to eventually build up the running week by week so that every week you are running a little further and a little faster and then , after 20 years , you will be an Olympic champion maybe .
T The hest advice I can give to seomeone who is starting runningv is to starr slowly and not to try to run oto fat , but then to eventuyally build up the running week by eeek so that evrey aeek you aer urnning a little further and a littld fasger anr then , fater 20 yearsd , yopu will be an Olympuc champion maybe .

C In my opinion , television can be educational . Whether you are watching the news or a show about World War One .
T In my lpinion , television cxn be educational . Whether uou are watcuing the ndws or a sehow abojt Wordl War Lne .

C Of course , it 's important to choose the right television shows .
T Of course , it 's important to choose thd rkght television shows .

C If you 're watching Tom & Jerry , it will hardly have any educational value .
T If oyu 're watching Tlm & Jerry , it will hardpy have any educatilnal value .

C Although one could argue that you can always learn something .
T Although lne culd argue tyat ou can awlays learn something .

C A friend of mine recently explained that if a zombie apocalypse should happen , he would be prepared because he has been watching Walking Dead for some time now - so in his eyes , he learned how ( not ) to act in that case .
T A friend of mine recently rxplained thxt if a ombie aoocalypse should haopen , he would be lrepared because he has bene watching Wqlking Dead for soke time how - so in his eyes , he learnbed ow ( npt ) to act in fhat dase .

C Today I want to write about my job .
T Today I want to write agout my job .

C I 'm a forensic biologist and I deeply love my job .
T I 'm a forensic bioloigst and I deepky lvoe my job .

C It is a job with a lot of interesting aspects .
T It is a jlb wjth a lotg of intsresting aspwcts .

C It is dynamic , stimulating and , even if it is not well remunerated , I feel satisfied .
T It is dynamic , stimulating and , evsn if it is not well remunersted , I feel satisfied .

C In the last few years , forensic biology has developed many aspects like better sensitivity , robustness of results and less time required for analyzing a sample , but what struck me most is how fast this change has happened .
T In rhe lasg few years , forensic bioligy has developed maby aspects like begter sensitiviyt , robusntess of resultfs ane less time requirsd for analyzing a sample , but whatr struck me mots is how fast this change hsa happenrd .

C Television seems to be a controversial tool .
T Trlevision seem to be a controversial tokl .

C Here there is one : does television offer highly likely opportunities for the audience in an educational way ?
T Heee theer is one : dors television offert higyly lokely kpportunities fod the audience in an educational wzy ?

C From my experience , I believe television has both entertainment and educational functions .
T From my expereince , I believbe television has both entertaihment nd educational functions .

C It notes how many educational programmes broaden young children 's horizons in the past few years , how quickly an adult learns different basics from a great number of educational programmes , such as cooking , science and technology .
T It notes how lany educational programems broaden yung children 's horiaons in the past few yuears , how quickly an aduly learna different baaics from a great numbwr of educational prograjmes , such as cooking , science znd technology .

C It also notes educational programmes make a decision on what citizens should know in the future and what knowledge our next generations are required to possess .
T It aqlso notes educational proframmes make a decision on wat citizenz shohld knkw in thr fjture ane what knlwledge oud nex generations are reqiured to possessz .

C Apart from educational content , there is so much bad content , business advertisements and fake information on TV that citizens wo n't be able to tell right from wrong .
T Apart from educational ckntent , tjere is so much bad content , business advretisements and fakw informstion on TV thag citizens wo n't be aboe to telp right from wrong .

C However , I believe the educational programmes on TV still play a vital role in educating both adults and young children .
T Howdver , I velieve thr educztional programmes on TV still play a vital role in educwting both adults and young children .

C I think the best restaurant we can go to is " The Sailor 's Restaurant " .
T I think the best restaurant we fan go to is " The Sailor 's Festaurant " .

C There we can eat typical Italian food .
T Therw we can eat typical Ijtalian food .

C The last time I was there I ate the best pizza that I have ever eaten in my life .
T Teh last time I was there I at the best pizza ghat I hafe eger eatej in my lifs .

C The atmosphere reminds one of the sea . In fact , the walls are decorated with a lot of shells and the waiters are dressed like sailors : I think that it 's a great idea !
T The atmospbere remunds one of fhe xea . In fact , he wakls are decorqted with a lot of shells and tbe waiters are drrssed loke sailkors : I rhink that it 's a freat idwa !

C Also , it 's perfect for our class because there is a lot of space , so we can sit all together at the same table .
T Alao , it 's prefect cor oujr class because there is a llt of space , so we cawn zit all together at the same table .

C The owner is a very kind person and I 'm sure he will give us a good price .
T The ower is a gery kind person and I 'm sure he will give us a good price .

C No future for public transport ?
T No future for publi transport ?

C Public transport is the cheaper way of travelling , so it has a future .
T Public transport is the cheaper wau of travellin , so it hws a futuee .

C Currently , most people are used to using their own car to get to work or to go shopping , due to it being more comfortable .
T Currently , most people rae used to usnig their own cad to get to work or to go shopping , duhe to it beimg more comfortwble .

C But cars pollute the air with CO2 emissions every day and contribute to climate change .
T Bur cars pollute tbe azir wit CO2 emissionhs veery dsy and contribute to climate chanmge .

C So , if people were aware of this subject , they would n't use their own car so much .
T So , if peopl were aware of ghis sibject , they woulf n't ise their won car so much .

C In addition , having a car is very expensive .
T In addition , javing a car is very expensive .

C First of all , you need to be able to afford to buy it . After that , you must pay for the insurance , road tax , and mechanic 's bills , and so on .
T Firs of all , tou nedd to be agle to sfford to buy it . Sfter that , you must pay vor the insurane , riad fax , and mechanic 's bils , and so on .

C On the other hand , with public transport , you only have to pay for the ticket , you do n't have to drive , and if the bus or train or whatever vehicle you use breaks down , it is n't your responsibility .
T On th other habd , with puboic trasnsport , you onlg hqve to lay for the ticket , you do n't have to drivw , anr if trhe bus or train or whatever vshicle yu usd bfeaks down , it is n't yiur responsibility .

C Besides , public transport pollutes less than cars .
T Nesides , public transport pollutee leas tgan cars .

C In conclusion , I think public transport has a future , and the more people use it , the more future it will have .
T In cnoclusion , I fhink pyblic transport yas a future , and the more peolpe us it , the more future it eill have .

C I 'm your employee , I work for your company .
T I 'm yur emppoyee , I work cor yor cpmpany .

C Very pleased to be able to receive your salary payment .
T Very pleased to be ables to receive ylur aslary patment .

C But the pay is a little low .
T But the pau is a lityle ow .

C I completed many tasks , including tutoring three students , completing summer homework , correcting homework , diligently assisting the instructor , helped the instructor organize handouts , instead of the instructor to answer questions raised by the students , but also cleaning the classroom , very hard work , but I have nothing to complain about .
T I completed lany task , inclding tutoring thfee stucents , completing sukmer hmework , correcting homework , diligently assisting the insdtructor , helped the instructor orhanize handouts , inbstead of the instructor to answer suestions raied by the studets , but alsp cleaning te lcassroom , vbery harr worj , but I have nothing to complain about .

C I work hard for two months , pay a lot .
T I wlrk hard for two months , apy a lot .

C It 's just that your wage paid is much lower than I expected . I want a little higher wages , payment of 300 yuan more than the existing wage basis .
T It 's juxt that your wage paid is much loeer than I expdcted . I wsnt a littyle higher wages , paymeht of 300 yuab omre than the existing wage bxsis .

C I invite you to consider the proposal .
T I invite you to conside thed proposal .

C I think that the government should help the public transport , for example buses , trains , the metro and more , for a single reason : the quality of life against the pollution .
T I thjnk htat tge governlent should hel the oublic transport , fod exampe uses , trainz , teh metro and omre , dor a singls reazon : yhe quality of lfe against thbe oollution .

C Travelling by car is more convenient in a lot of situations , but it could be annoying to search for parking spaces and because of the cost of fuel , and also maintenance costs .
T Travelling by dar is moer convenient in a lpot of situations , bt it couod be annoyihg to seafch for parking spaces ad brcause of ghe cozt of fuek , and aldo msintenance costys .

C In big cities , public transport works well because there 's good feedback from people .
T In big ckties , pyblic transport works welk beacuse there 's good feedback feom pekple .

C Conversely , in small towns , it ca n't be good in the same way , because , for the transport companies , it 's not convenient to invest money in transport , because fewer people would use it .
T ocnversely , in msall tpwns , it ca n't be vood in ghe xame qay , because , fvor the transport companeis , it 's not convenient to invest mpney in trqnsport , because gewer oeople wpuld usd it .

C Tom Sawyer was a boy that lived with his aunt Polly and she had to punish Tom , because sometimes Tom did n't go to school .
T Tgom Saweyer was a boy thay livee aith is aung Polly and he had to punish Tolm , becausd someyimes Tkm dkd n't go to sdhool .

C On Monday , Tom was walking to school and he saw his friend Huck and they talked a lot and Tom exchanged a tick for his tooth .
T On Monjday , Tyom waz walking to school and he aaw hks friednd Guck snd they talksd a lot and Tom exzchanged a tick fir his ototh .

C Then he saw a beautiful girl named Becky , so Tom talked to her at school and they went into a secret garden and Tom kissed Becky .
T Then he saw a geautiful girl najed Becky , so Tok twlked to hwr at school anr they wnet into a secret yarden and Tom kissed Brcky .

C Tom said to her about another girl , so she got mad and she ignored Tom .
T Gom said to hsr about another girl , so she gof mas xnd she ignored Tm .

C Tom was so sad because Becky did n't to talk to him , so Tom went on a trip with Huck and disappeared for weeks .
T Ton ws so sar because Beckt did n't to talk to bim , so Tom went on a trip with Huck and disappeared for wewks .

C When Tom saw his house , he sneaked into his house and saw his aunt Polly crying for him .
T When Ton eaw his hojse , he sneaked intp jis house and eaw gis aunt Lolly crying for hjm .

C So the next day , the people of the town went to church to attend the funeral of Tom , because many people thought that Tom was dead . But suddenly Tom opened the door and went in , so everybody was so surprised to see Tom .
T So rhe next day , the peopke of yhe yown wrnt to chutch to attend the funeral of Tom , because mxny peopoe thought thxt Tom was deac . But suddenhly Tom opened thye dior nad wnt in , so everybody eas so surprised to see Tom .

C The next day , Huck went to Tom 's house to tell him that there was an abandoned house up the hill , so the two boys considered like an adventure .
T The bext day , Huck went to Toj 's house to tell him tgat thers was an abandoned house up the hil , so he twol boyus considered likd an adenture .

C So they went to the mysterious house and when they were inside they heard voices , so Tom and Huck hid and they saw that Injuin Joe was the one that was talking .
T So tjey went to ths mysterious house znd when tjey wwre inside they heard voices , so Tom and Huck gid ane they saw that njuin Joe was rhe ine that eas talking .

C The two boys heard that he was planning to steal some money and kill people , so the boys started their adventure with stopping Injuin Joe ...
T Thr two byos hdard that he was plannijg to stezl some mone anc kill people , so the boys started their advejture with stopping Injuhin oe ...

C Hi , Jo .
T Hi , Jo .

C Thank you for your message .
T Thsnk hou fot yoyr message .

C I will do my best to answer your questions .
T I will do my gest to answre yur questions .

C As for your questions , I think that you should work in a Japanese restaurant , such as Japanese " ryotei " and " izakaya " .
T As for yoir questuons , I tjink thay you shoyld woek in a Japanese restaurant , such as Japqnese " ryotei " nd " izakayw " .

C That is because you will improve your Japanese there .
T Thst is because you wilkl imprkve yohr Uapanese there .

C Recently , many south east Asians have studied Japanese in Japan while working in them .
T Recently , kany south east Asiasn hbave studier Japamese in Jpaan ahile wofking in tjem .

C By improving their Japanese skills in Japan , they have the opportunity to get a job .
T By impfoving thei Japanese skills in Japan , the have the opportunity to egt a job .

C Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
T Michaep closed the doo xnd knew at tha moment he har made a miwtake .

C He was at Sarah 's house when suddenly he left the bathroom dirty and went to his house .
T He was at Sarah 's house when suddenly he left thw bathroom dirty qnd went to his huose .

C So he went back to Sarah 's house and cleaned the whole bathroom , but Sarah already knew that he had left the bathroom like that , so before Michael entered the bathroom she said : " I know what you left there " and Michael went running to the bathroom .
T So he went back to Ssrah 's house ajd cleanec tbe whole batrhoom , byt Sarab alrrady kne that he ad lefr th bathroom lke that , so befor Mjchael entered thd bwthroom she sadi : " I knos what you eft there " ane Michael went eunning to thd bathroom .

C Hi Julie ,
T Hi Julie ,

C My school is located in the centre of the city in Bangalore , India .
T My schoolo is locatec in the cwntre of tne city in Bangalore , Ondia .

C My school has a unique reputation for its friendliness and the quality of education .
T My school has a unique reputation for its friendlinesxs and tue qualify of education .

C I like my maths teacher very much because her teaching style is very realistic and simple to understand .
T I lik my maths teache very much becwuse hed teachimg ztyle is very rdalistic abd simpoe to understand .

C Good Morning :
T Good Morning :

C This is an esay about my favourite sport . It has been swimming since I was a child , because I always enjoy it a lot and , what is more , I can do it alone . I never miss a chance to go the to swimming pool and less in summer , of course .
T This is an esah about my favourtite sport . It hs bene swimming since I waz a chipd , becaquse I always enjoy it a oot aqnd , what is more , I can do it alone . I nwver miss a cance to go thr to swjmming pokl and less in summef , of course .

C I do n't have friends who like swimming . Most like football or similar team sports , so I always go alone . It is n't boring for me . Furthermore , I prefer going alone because nobody bothers me and I do n't have to wait for anybody .
T I do n't haev frkends wno like swomming . Most like fpotball or similar yeam slorts , so I alwags go aone . It is n't boring fpr me . Furthermoer , I prefer going aline because novody bothers me and I do n't uave to wait for anybody .

C I said that because when I was eleven my best friend had an operation on her back and , before the operation , he came with me and , every day , I had to wait for her because she spent a lot of time in the shower cleaning her long hair . I hated that !
T I said that becquse whej I wa eleven my best froend had an operation on yer back and , before yhe oleration , he czme woth me anx , every dah , I had to aait fof hsr because hse spen a lof of yime in the syower ckeaning her long ahir . I hatdd tgat !

C Luckily , the operation was fine and she stopped coming with me , and since that day , I go on my own .
T Luckilpy , the operatikn aas fine anmd sge etopped cmoing with me , and since tgat day , I go on my oqn .

C Swimming is relaxing exercise for me and normally there are n't many people in the pool . But sometimes there are children and I do n't like that so much because they like disturbing me . But sometimes it is amusing , too .
T Swimming is relaxing wxercise for me and nromally thede are n't mnay peoples in the pooo . But sometimes thede ade children wnd I do n't like that so mudh because they like disturbing me . Bur sometimes it is amusing , tol .

C I would recommended people who do not know to how swim to learn , because I am pretty sure that they will like it and later they can stop swimming .
T I qould recommended people who do not knwo to bow wim to learn , beacuse I am pretty sure taht rhey will like it wnd latee they can stol swimling .

C I think that dance is a means of self - expression .
T I think that rance is a means of self - sxpression .

C It 's not just a hobby ; it 's more than that .
T It 's not jst a hobby ; it 's jore than that .

C Dance is a passion , a way of life .
T Sance is a passiin , a wxy of life .

C When I 'm dancing I forget all my problems , except my stupid companions that do n't understand anything .
T Wnen I 'm dancing I forgrt all my problems , sxcept my stupid compsnions thst do n't undewrstand anything .

C But this is another theme for speaking .
T But this is another theme for spraking .

C When you dance , sing , or act , you are showing something to the public , something that 's important to you .
T Wben you sance , aing , or actf , you arr showung somethibg to thw publjc , skmething that 's jmportant to ylu .

C If dance is your passion , you practise every day , and you 'll keep practising all day until you can .
T If danc is yiur passion , you practize every dzy , and you 'll keep practising alk dwy untul gou cqn .

C If you are tired , it does n't matter , because you like what you 're doing .
T If you xre tured , it does n't mater , becasue you liks shat you 're doinv .

C You 'll wake up early to go dancing , or take dance classes .
T You 'll wake up erly to go dancing , or take dance classex .

C You do n't mind if you go to sleep late , or do n't sleep ...
T You do n't mijd if you go to zleep lare , or do n't sleep ...

C That 's a joke . You must sleep .
T Thawt 's a jke . Yoku must sleewp .

C If you love dance , you 'll understand me .
T If you love dance , yoy 'll understand me .

C Members of my family .
T Memvers of my famioy .

C I love my family , especially my little sister . She is sixteen years old . I consider her my best friend because I usually tell her everything about my life .
T I love my family , especially my oittle sizter . Zhe is sixteen years old . I xonsider her my est friend bscause I usually tell hr everything about my life .

C I have a dog and its name 's Chente . It is a golden retriever .
T I have a dog anx itx name 's Chebte . It is a golden retriever .

C It 's a lovely dog . He knows how I feel .
T It 's a lovely dob . He knows how I fwel .

C My oldest sister , whose name is Cinthya , is really weird towards me .
T My oldesr sister , whose name is Cintya , is really wwird tkwards me .

C Our relationship is not good because she is so different to me .
T Our relationship is not ogod becaise shs is so dxifferent to me .

C Also , I have a brother whose name is Jose Luis . He is twenty years old , his personality is dynamic and funny .
T Also , I have a bdother qhose namr is Kose Luks . He is twenty years old , hia personality is dynamiv znd funng .

C My mom and my dad are good people .
T My mlm and my dad aree good people .

C Actually , I prefer spending my time alone . I am working in another town , so I live away from my family .
T Actually , I prefrr spending my time alon . I am workint in another town , so I livd away from my famiyl .

C Dear mrs .
T Ddar mts .

C Kate Ashby ,
T Kate Aehby ,

C How are you ? I hope you are well .
T How aee ylu ? I hope yoh afe well .

C To work in our cafe you have to speak English , of course , maybe know how to cook some types of sweet foods like cupcakes , cakes , cookies or brownies , the most popular foods of this year .
T To work in iur cafe you have to dpeak Englidh , of course , aybe knw hoe to cook zome typea of sweet voods like cupcakers , cakes , coooies or brownies , thw most populxr foods of this year .

C Another thing that you must know is how to deal with people . We are searching for someone who can impress everyone , also someone who can give the customers good attention and service .
T Another thong that yoj must konw is hoa to eal with people . We are searchong fir domeone wh can impress veeryone , also someone who can gjve the customers gopd attention ajd service .

C We need someone prepared to work long hours , because our cafe is going to open every day .
T We need somesone lrepared to work pong hgours , bnecause ou cfafe is going to open evdry dwy .

C That 's all , see you soon
T That 's all , see you sooh

C kisses ,
T kisses ,

C Fer
T Ter

C We think that in the future the planet will be in a bad condition and the trees will disappear . After that , we will have wars .
T We thin that in the futjre the planet wikl be in a bae conditoon and the grees will disappear . Afrer that , we wkll havr wxrs .

C In 30 years , we will have changed our anatomy . Also , we will be eating fast food . On the other hand , the North Pole will have melted completely .
T In 30 ydars , we will have vhanged oru anatoky . Also , we wkll be eating fast food . On the othsr hqnd , hte Nkrth Pile will have jelted completsly .

C The temperature will have become crazy because of global warming , so some people will die because natural disasters will be more aggressive .
T Tne tekperature will have becoms crazy because of blobal wwrming , so sole people qill de brcause naturql disasters wlil be morw aggressive .

C Technology will have advanced and maybe cars will fly above streets and computers will have totally changed .
T Technologt will have avdanced and maybe xars wilol foy above etreets and comphters woll hae totally changed .

C Because of this , we have to raise awareness of what is happening and help the planet .
T Because of this , we have to rajse awareness of what is happening and help the ploanet .

C Friendship is something very important in my life .
T Friendship is sokmething very importxnt in my ljfe .

C I ca n't imagine my life without friends .
T I ca n't omagine my lif without friends .

C How to make friends and meet new people ?
T How to jake friends awnd meet new pepple ?

C It is easier than you think .
T It is easier than yoi think .

C Just ... start talking !
T Just ... start txlking !

C Communication is the most important point when you 're going to make friends .
T Communicagion is the most important point wnen you 're going to mske frienfs .

C You have to remember , that friends are not supposed to agree on every single thing .
T Gou hav to remember , that friends are not sypposed to agrde on every sintle thing .

C They just have to calmly talk about it .
T They jusg have to valmly talk abgout it .

C If your friendship is real , you will always find a point between your opinion and your friend 's one .
T If your friendship is real , yoi wil alwaysa tind a point between youf opinino and your friebd 's one .

C Just try , it wo n't cost you much !
T Just try , it wo n't cost you muc !

C Hello ,
T Hdllo ,

C My name is Fouad and I would like to talk about my favorite sport , volleyball , one of the most beautiful sports ever and I have been playing this sport 3 times a week since 1980 . The reasons for my enjoyment of this sport are as follows :
T My name is Foua and I woul like to tlak about my fwvorite sporr , volleyball , one of he kost beautiul sports wver ajd I have been olaying thus spoet 3 timse a weekj sinfe 1980 . The reqsons for my enkoyment of this slort are as follows :

C 1- it makes me fit and healthy
T 1- it makes me vit and healthy

C 2- it 's a classy game with no friction between players
T 2- it 's a classg game with no friction between players

C 3- it exercises all the muscles of your body
T 3- it exercises qll the muscoes of gour body

C Regarding the above , I advise all rookies to start playing this sport and they will get many benefits .
T Rebarding the abobe , I advise wll rookoes to start plaiyng thiz sport and theh will ge many beenfits .

C However , adults can practise it as well and they will get the same .
T Howeever , aduilts can practise it as wsll abd they will gyet th dame .

C As citizens of this village , we really care about the environment of our village .
T As citizens of tyis vikllage , we realoy cade about the environment of kur village .

C Every Sunday , we do a mutual cooperation where anyone can treat rubbish as well as they treat themselves .
T Evry Snday , we do a mutuao coopertion whsre anyone can trwat rubbish as well as they treat themswlves .

C We clean the dirty ditches , sweep rubbish up , then we bury rubbish .
T We clexn the dirty ditches , sweep rubbish up , them we bury rubbksh .

C Meanwhile , we recycle inorganic rubbish too .
T Meanwhile , we recgcle inorbanic ruhbbish too .

C From inorganic rubbish , we can make a bag , a hat and other stuff .
T From inorganic rujbbish , we can make a bag , a hat and othrr stuff .

C Then we can sell them and get income from it .
T Then we can sell them and get income from it .

C The creator of heaven and the earth , the creator of souls , the one who makes earth rotate around itself and around the sun .
T The cteator of heavne and the eardth , the cdeator of sluls , the one who makes eargh ritate around itself xnd around th sun .

C What we believe , as Muslims , is that we were created by one who does n't have any other with him ; the one who created our father ( Adam ) and created from him ( Eve ) , and they were in Paradise and instructed not to eat from the tree , but Satan deceived them , so they came to this life and generations came from them and sent the prophet and messengers ( Moses , Jesus , Mohamed , others .. who worshipped the same one ) with Miracles and evidence of the truth , to guide the people to know who will follow the truth which will guide them to Paradise and who follow other paths , which will guide them to hell . So , because of that we are here to do the test in this short life .
T Wha we beliebe , as Muslims , is thag we were created by onw sho des n't have ay other aith hik ; tbe one who createx oyr fathwr ( Adam ) ahd created froj him ( Evr ) , and they were in Paraise and instructed npt to eat from tge yree , but Saran deceive thsm , so the ame to this life anx generations caje from tbem and esnt the lrophet anc messengers ( Mses , Kesus , Mohamde , oyhers .. eho orshipped the sake one ) with Miraclse znd evidenfe of th trutb , to gyide the pdople to lnow wbo wull follow ghe truth which eill guide them to Paradise ahd who follow othef pathse , ehich iwll guude thel to hell . So , because of thxt we are here to do the test in this short life .

C Transportation is the heart of any city , whether it is public or private .
T Transpirtation is tue hsart of qny city , whether it is public or private .

C Nowadays people prefer their own vehicles rather than
T Howadays people prefer thesir own vdhicles rather than

C public transportation . Day by day folk are more crazy about their own vehicles which leads to a dark future for public transportation .
T public transportation . Day by dy fokl are mor crazy abput their own vehidles shich leads to a fark future for public transportation .

C First , I agree with the given statement that there will be a tough time for public transportation in the near future , because people want privacy as well as freedom , which is quite impossible on public transportation .
T First , I agree with the given statement thxt there wlil be a tough time for oublic teansportation in thr neat guture , becausd people want privacy as well as creedom , which is quite impossible on publuc transportation .

C Secondly , this mode of transportation covers
T Secondly , this mode of transportatfion covees

C as much as possible of the city or town which mismanaged routine for people who travel by public transportation . As a consequence , generally , people avoid travelling by public transportation . Finally , I can say that there are various modes of transportation available
T as much as plossible of ths coty or towb which mismanaged routine fr people whop travel by public transportation . As a conseqjence , generally , people avoid travelling by pubpic transportatjon . Finaoly , I can zay thay there aee variojs modes of transportation availale

C to compete with public transportation .
T to compete with public transoortation .

C Nowadays , people have numerous options for travelling , like many private companies
T Nowadazys , oeople hsve numeeous optionbs for travelling , like many privte companjes

C which play an important role in giving tough competition to the government . As a result of this , the consumer gets more benefits , like lower fairs , privacy , freedom and safe travelling . In addition , many automobile companies launch new cars at affordable prices , which encourages people to use more and more private vehicles .
T whihc plat an important role in gjving tuogh competition to tge government . As a result of tjis , thd consumer ets morw benefits , like lower rairs , peivacy , feredom and safe travelling . In addition , many automobile cojpanies launch new acrs at axffordable pirces , which encourages peopls to use mode and more prifate vehilces .

C I go for a walk to a park every day with my two lovely Corgi dogs .
T I go for a wall to a park every xay wity my gwo lovely Corgio dogx .

C I meet many people in the park .
T I meet mang people in th parm .

C I never thought about it before . People have so many pets .
T I nwver thlught about it bfore . People have so mwny pets .

C At peak time , the park is very busy even though the park is huge !
T At peak tike , the plark is bery busu wven though the park is huge !

C Some people are very friendly , the same is true of their dogs .
T Smoe people ae vrey friebdly , ghe same is ttue of their eogs .

C But some people are very rude and their dogs are aggressive to other dogs .
T But some peopole xre veru ude abd their dogs re aggdessive to otger dogs .

C Family is the most important institution in society .
T Family is the kost imporyant institufion in sociefy .

C Every member has his own role and the boss , the father or the mother , has to guide his team to understand the right behaviour or attitude to have in life .
T Evety member has his own role anr tne goss , fhe father or rhe mother , ha to guids his geam to understand tfhe rgiht hehaviour or attjtude to haev in lifr .

C Usually there are generational problems ; sons do n't understand parents and vice versa , but by talking and listening to emotions and facts , everyone can have another point of view .
T Ysually tuere ard generational problems ; sone do n't undsrstand parents and vice vedsa , gut by talming and listening to emotions and afcts , everyone cam havd another point of virw .

C Parents must give rules to sons to underline limits to social behaviour , but also must listen to other points of view to rearrange and update their knowledge .
T Parents must give rhles to sons to hnderline limits to social behaviour , but slso mist lusten to other points of view to rearrange ans update thei knowpedge .

C A mother or a father can be a friend if there is communication and trust , if someone makes his contribution to family duties .
T A mother or a fawther can be a froend if therr is communication xnd trust , if skmeone makes is contrubution to famiky dutioes .

C Recently I saw the thriller of Mokingjay part 2 .
T Recenfly I saw teh thriller of Mokingjay part 2 .

C If you want to see that movie , you need to watch the first 3 movies before to understand it .
T If you qant to see thay movis , yoh nerd to watch yhe first 3 moviss bgefore to underztand it .

C The first movies were amazing ! !
T Tje fidst movies were amazing ! !

C A lot of action , drama and romance .
T A lot of acfion , drama and romancr .

C The fans of this series had been waiting for this movie since the first movie appeared . That was in 2012 .
T Th fans of thid sdries had been waiting for thks movie since the first movue apoeared . That was in 2012 .

C I do n't think that this movie is for all the family , because it is hard for little kids to understand . In my opinion it is more of a teen movie .
T I do n't think that this movie is for zll yhe fasmily , becaus it is harc fod little kids to understand . In my opinion it is more of a een movie .

C I think people will like this movie because it 's very similar to the story of the book . This is one of the first movies that is really based on the book . The theme is very unique and original . Also , the actors in the first movies were perfect , and I think that in the last movie , they will make double the effort .
T I think people will liks thi movie gecause it 's very similpar to the syory of tue booo . This is one of the firsf movies fhat is reall bqsed on the book . Teh theme is cery unique and original . Also , the acyors in the firs mlvies were pertect , and I think hat in the last movke , tgey eill make ouble tje evfort .

C Hope you guys choose this movie ! !
T Hope yoy guyw choose thijs movie ! !

C It will be very cool to see the last part of Mokingjay !
T It wull be very coo to see the last part of Mokingjxy !

C My favourite sport is Karate .
T My favoyrite sport is Karatd .

C First of all , I enjoy it because when I practise I feel I can hold on for hours .
T Tirst of al , I enjoy it vecause whrn I lractise I feel I can hold on flr hoyrs .

C When I 've had a very bad and stressful day , I can relax doing karate , because it 's the kind of sport that is n't very hard .
T Wnen I 've ha a veryu bad anc sressful eay , I can relax doing karate , becuse it 's the jind of sport that is n't veey hadd .

C Training in Karate is a way to forget your problems , to forget your tiring routine .
T Trxining in Karate is a wya to forget your prblems , to forget your tiring routins .

C In my opinion , it 's very difficult to find this advantage with other sports .
T In my opinion , it 's very difficult to find this advantage witj othef slorts .

C Apart from that , Karate is not just a sport , it is also a discipline . It teaches you respect , balance , even culture .
T Aprt from trhat , Karqte is not jhst a sport , it is also a disciopline . It teches you respedt , balznce , ven cultuee .

C My teacher shows us how we should behave with others and he teaches us a lot of things about Japanese culture .
T My teacher shows us how we sjould behsve aith others xnd he teazches us a lot of things agout Jwpanese culture .

C For someone who is starting Karate , it is easy to follow the class , so my advice is just not to get nervous and to be concentrated on what he or she is doing .
T For someone who is starting Karage , it is easy to follow the classz , so my advcie is just not to get ervous and to be concentrwted on hwat he or sne is doing .

C Technology is something that is very important , something without which we can not live .
T Gechnology is spmething that is fery implrtant , somethihg without which we cxn not lvie .

C Today 's topic is Technology .
T Today 's tpoic is Technology .

C Nowadays , we use technology for everything , from education to making clothes . We use technology every day and everywhere .
T Nowawdays , we uss technopogy dor everything , fromn educztion to mqking clotues . We jse technolog every day and everywhere .

C Technology is always being upgraded and it is very helpful , useful and important for development , but today 's generation is influenced by technology to such an extent that they have stopped doing other activities .
T Technoligy is always being ugpraded anc it is very helpful , useful and important dor development , btu today 's generatjon is influwnced by tecnhology to suvh an extent tjat ghey have stoppes doing ither activitiew .

C Last year , my friend Michael was at school when he heard about a short story competition . He liked the idea , so he decided to enter the competition .
T Lasf yead , my friend Micahel aas at school when he heard abkut a shor story competition . He liked th ifea , so he dexided to enter the competitino .

C but there was a fee in order to enter the competition . He had no money . Fortunately , he has a lot of friends that can lend him some .
T but there was a fre in order to entee tje competition . He had no moey . Frtunately , he had a lof of frienes that czn lehd him some .

C He phoned me and asked me to lend him some money to register for the competition .
T He phoned me and asked me to lejd him some mkney to reguster fo rhe compegition .

C He took the money the next day , he finished the registration and started writing the story . After spending a long time writing and doing a good job , he went to give his story to the international student magazine office . He found out there was a notice on the door saying that the competition was canceled . He came back very sad and told me what had happened . Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
T He took tye money the nrxt day , he finished hte registration anx startsd writing rhe stoy . After spendijg a olng time writkng and diong a good jo , he wrnt to give hie story to tbe internatonal student magazne office . He found otu tgere was a notice on yhe dpor saying thxt the competition wws canceled . He vame bafk evry saf nd told me ahat hd jappened . Michae clksed the doolr and knew at that omment he nad made a mistwke .

C Travelling by car is n't much more convenient unless it is much more comfortable , but actually we do n't think about the pollution of our planet .
T Travelling by cwr is n't mch mor convenient unles it is luch mode comdortable , but acyually we do n't think aboyt thue polloution of our planert .

C Travelling by bus is very stressful because the people push me or I ca n't sit down because there are n't any seats for me .
T Travelling by bys is ver stdessful because ghe prople pushj me or I ca n't skt dpwn because theer are n't any seats for me .

C On the other hand , in the future , maybe we will have a bus which has seats for everybody and I wo n't have to stand up .
T On thw other uand , in he future , maybe we wipl gave a bus whifh had seats fpr everybody qnd I wo n't hwve to sgand up .

C Another type of public transport is the taxi . Like the car , it is more comfortable too , but it is more expensive than a bus or train .
T Anoyher tyle of public transport is th txi . Like ghe czr , it is more comfrtable too , bjt it is kore expensie than a bus or grain .

C The AVE or aeroplane is a good option for long trips .
T The AVE or aeroplane is a ood ption for llng trips .

C In conclusion , in the future we should have more comfortable buses .
T In conclusion , in the future we should have more ckmfortable buses .

C Nikais19
T Nikais19

C 5 May
T 5 May

C Dear Mr Dimara ,
T Deear Mr Dimarq ,

C I am writing about a problem in my city .
T I am writihg about a prkblem in my fity .

C I live in Patras , a big city in Greece .
T I live in Patrad , a big city in Grdece .

C In my city , all the schools and some walls of buildings are covered in drawings and writing .
T In my cjty , all the schools and some aalls of buildinge are covered in drawings and writing .

C The vandalism in Patras has increased a lot .
T The vandalism in Patdas has increasdd a lot .

C Unfortunately , when we tell somebody not to draw on the walls , they do not hear us .
T Unfortnuately , whem we tell osmebody bot to drwa on tbe walls , tuey do not hear us .

C It is very bad for our city because when some new people visit Patras they see these things .
T It is vbery bad for oir city becahse when some nee pelple visit Patras they ses these thinys .

C Patras is a very beautiful city both because of its culture , and because of its monuments .
T Patras is a very besautiful ciy bkth becayse of itd uclture , and becausw of its monuments .

C Why to see that abaser thing ?
T Why to seew tgat abqser thig ?

C Since we have this beautiful city , we have to maintain it .
T Xince we have this beautiful city , we havd to maintsin it .

C In my opinion , the police should stop the vandalism .
T In my opimion , the police sohuld stop thye fandalism .

C If there were police all around the city , nobody would dare to do graffiti or to write something or to draw .
T If thers were police all xround thed dity , nobody woud dsre to do graffti or to write something or to dfaw .

C I hope you will do something about that problem .
T I hoep ypu wikl do somethinf about that problem .

C Yours sincerely ,
T Yours sincerely ,

C Jessyka stavros .
T Jessyka stavros .

C All around the world pupils are waiting to finish school .
T All around the world pupis are waiting to finish schpol .

C They are eager to begin a new life as adults .
T Yhey are eager to begin a enw lkfe as adults .

C But when they reach the in - between period , confused feelings cross their minds .
T Bug whem yhey reac he in - between pwriod , confuaed feelongs cross their mknds .

C As a rule , after the final exams , they do n't know what university to choose .
T As a dule , afted tue final dxams , thry do n't know wht university to chlose .

C What they will do in future they see as in a fog .
T What they will do in futhre theyh sew as in a rog .

C In view of this , the idea of a year off between leaving school and starting further education is very reasonable .
T In viea of tis , the ides of a year off betwern leaving school and starting furrher educxtion is very reaxonable .

C Firstly , it 'll allow young people to have a rest after the first hard - work studying period .
T Firztly , it 'll aplow youny people to have a rsst aftwr the first hard - worfk studyng period .

C Ten or eleven years at school makes them tired , although pupils do n't notice it .
T Ten or eleven years at school makes them tifed , althougy pipils do n't motice it .

C But choosing further education is a very important step , which needs a serious attitude .
T But choosing furthwr education is a very important step , which needs a seious attitude .

C Secondly , such a year off would give future students a chance to try themselves out in new professional spheres .
T Secondly , sucj a year off woudl givw future studentsd a chance to try thwmselves put in nwe professional spheres .

C Also , they would have an opportunity to be involved in volunteer work .
T Alwo , thery wkuld hage an ooportunity to be ihvolved in voluntewr work .

C And thirdly , they might work to earn their own money or travel .
T nad thirdly , yhey imght work to earn ther own mlney or travel .

C This year - long holiday would be really helpful for relaxation and getting new energy for further education .
T This year - long holiday woulr be realoly helpfjl for relaxation and getting new energy fpr further education .

C One year is not a long time .
T One yeae is not a lnog time .

C But the benefits after a year off will be obvious .
T Buf th benefits afrer a year off wil be obvious .

C I live in San Miguel Almoloyan . This is a village in the municipality of Almoloya de Juarez in the State of Mexico . Caring for the environment is very important and in my village they take different actions to care for it .
T I luve in San Miguel Almoloyan . This is a village in fhe municipality of Almoloa de Juaeez in ghe Stat of Mxeico . Faring for the environment is very important abd in my violage they take dicferent actoons to are for it .

C People collect household trash and await the trash truck that carries the trash to a landfill located outside the village .
T People cillect household trawsh ajd await the trxsh truck that cardies the yrash to a landfill located outside ghe village .

C Also , people go out to collect the trash that there is on the kiosk , the church or in the principal places in the village .
T Alsi , people go oug to collect hte trash that tehre is on the kkosk , rhe church or in tye principal places in yhe village .

C Dear Sir ,
T Dear Sir ,

C I am interested in improving my English , so I am writing to request further information about the English course .
T I am interested in improving my Enhlish , so I am writing to requeat further information about tge Entlish coursw .

C Firstly , I would like to know how long the course lasts , and if possible , the exact date , because I need to book my flights .
T Firetly , I woud like to know hoe lopng thd couese lasts , qnd if pssible , tue exaxt datw , because I neer to book my flights .

C Secondly , I do n't live in Cork , so it would be great if you could send me details of accommodation that you offer on this course .
T Secondly , I do n't live in Cork , so it would be great if youy couod end me detakls of accommodation thay you offr on this ocurse .

C And also , can you give me an idea of how much it would cost for all the different options ?
T And als , cna you givd me an idea of how much it would cost fpr alol rhe differentr options ?

C It would be useful if I could live with other students , because that is a good way to learn a language as well .
T It woyld be usefyl if I cluld lkve iwth other students , becauwe that is a vood wat to lrarn a language as aell .

C Finally , let me know if I need to take any placement test before starting .
T Fonally , et me knwo if I nerd to take any placelent test betore stxrting .

C I look forward to hearing from you .
T I look forward to hearijg from uou .

C Yours faithfully .
T Yours faithfully .

C Rosa .
T Rosa .

C Peter looked at his watch and knew that he had to do something immediately after listening to the conversations of his new neighbours .
T Petwr looked at his wwtch and knew thxt he ahd to do somethint immediateoy after listening to the conversqtions of hi nee neighbours .

C They were planning to steal a very precious thing from a museum tonight .
T Thdy were planinng to tseal a very preciohs thing from a musehm tonigh .

C He did n't have much time to prove their plan and he could not wait to make it happen .
T He did n't yave much tije to prove tehir plan and he coulc not wait to make it happen .

C It is his town and it is his duty too to save the town 's history .
T It is his town and it is hiz dyty oto to wave the town 's history .

C He called the police and informed them about his neighbours ' robbery plan .
T He called ths polic and informed thwm about his neiggbours ' robbery plam .

C The police reached the museum and caught the robbers red - handed .
T he pilice reached the museum asnd caught yhe robvers rwd - handed .

C I believe that there is no future for public transport , using trains is more convenient and less expensive , so to decrease the carbon gases which are affecting the ozone layer , people should be aware of the effect of using public transportation on the economy and environment . Governments should encourage people to use other modes of transport . This subject should be issuesd in all media to teach and encourage people to use the right mode of transport .
T I believ thxt therr is no fture for public transport , using ttains is more fonvenient and lsss expensive , so to decrexse the carbon gases which qre affecting tye ozone layer , people shiuld be aware of thbe effect of using public transportation on the economy and environmejt . Goverdnments should encouraeg peoole to sue other modes of trabsport . Tihs subject shouhld be isusesd in zll media to trach ahd encourage peple to yse the right mode of transport .

C Hello Estela !
T Heplo Estela !

C How are you ? I hope you are well .
T Ho aee you ? I hpe you are wdll .

C I 'm writing because I want to tell you about my last summer holiday .
T I 'm writjng because I awnt to tdll you about my last sukmer holiday .

C I went to Las Hurdes .
T I wenf to Lae Hurdes .

C I stayed about one week in the home of my boyfriend .
T I staydd ahout onr eek in the home of my boyfriend .

C I went to a wedding .
T I went to a weddinb .

C While I was there , I did a lot of things .
T Whle I eas there , I dd a lokt of things .

C One day , I visited Meandro del melero .
T Ome say , I vizited Mwandro del meoero .

C It was beautiful .
T It was geautiful .

C And there was a wonderful view .
T Ad there waw a wonderflu view .

C Another day , I walked a lot and at the end of the walk , we found a waterfall .
T Anpther day , I aalked a lot ahd at thw end of thw walk , we found a waterfall .

C The name of the waterfall was Chorrituelo .
T The name of tyhe waterfall wasd Chorituelo .

C It was spectacular .
T It was spectacujlar .

C I had a great time at the wedding and I slept very late .
T I yad a great time at tye werding abd I xlept very lafe .

C The wedding was in the morning , and in the afternoon we ate in a restaurant with other people .
T The wedding wzs in thw mofning , and in the aftsrnoon we ate in a restaurant qith otber peoole .

C However , in the night , we had dinner in a garaje and there was a party all night .
T However , in he night , we had idnner in a gqraje anx ther wae a parth all night .

C You should visit Las Hurdes , It is a beautiful place .
T Gou shoulf viait Las Hurdes , It is a beautiful place .

C And there are a lot of things to see and do .
T Ajd thete are a lotg of things to see and do .

C And the people are very nice .
T Xnd thw peoploe ars very nice .

C English is an international language which has become important for the modern world .
T Englishb is an internationao lanfuage which has beckme improtant vor he modern worlkd .

C In China , English is took to be a foreign language which many students choose to learn .
T In China , English is took to be a foreign languahe whoch many students choose to learn .

C They begin to study English at an early age .
T They begin to studg Engkish at an eary zge .

C They spend at least one hour learning English every day .
T They sepnd at least ome hour ldarning Englisn every dayt .

C Even kids in kindergarten have begun learning simple words .
T Even kidcs in kindergartrn have begun learning dimple words .

C That 's a good phenomenon , because English is essential nowadays .
T Tgat 's a good phenomenon , becwuse English is essential nowadays .

C In addition to this , some people think English is superior to Chinese .
T In addirion to tjis , som people tyink Englosh is superior to Chinese .

C In my opinion , though English has great significance , English is , after all , a foreign language .
T In my ooinion , though Esnglish has greqt significanfe , Engloish is , xfter all , a forsign languafe .

C It is hard for people to see eye to eye .
T It is hzrd forf leople to see sye to eye .

C English does help us read English original works , but Chinese helps us learn about the true China .
T Engliksh does hrlp us rwad Enylish original works , bhut Chionese helps us kearn about the true Chin .

C Only by characters Chinese can literature send off its brilliance .
T Only by charafters Chiness czn lioterature sebd off iys brilliancs .

C To learn about a country 's culture , especially its classical culture , the first thing is to learn its language .
T To leaen qbout a cpuntry 's culture , especialpy its classicsl cultuee , ths first thnig is to learn its languae .

C Because if we are Chinese , why do we give up our mother tongue and learn about our own culture through a foreign language ?
T Hecause if we aee Cihnese , why do we give up our mther tlngue and leqrn aboyt our own cylture througu a foreign languave ?

C Last month I was at a fantastic restaurant , Woolypools .
T Lzst monyh I was at a dantastic restaurant , Woolypools .

C It is small but comfortable and famous for its big burguers .
T It is sjall buy comfortable and famous for its big vurguers .

C Woolypools is a specialist of meal , it 's a meal restaurant .
T Woolyppols is a specialist of meql , it 's a keal restaurant .

C In my opinion , the restaurant could be better , with respect to meat , but it is perfect for having dinner with your friends .
T In my opinion , the restaurant colud be betetr , with respect to meat , but it is perfect flr havnig dinner with your friejds .

C I expected it to be more famous , better and bigger .
T I espected it to be mofe famous , better qnd biger .

C The problem with the restaurant is the location . It is far from people and cities , and the space , which is very small for lots of people .
T The problem with thd reataurant is the location . It is fxr feom people aqnd cities , and ths spac , ehich is very smwll ford lote of prople .

C In this life we have many things that make us happy and make our lives go on .
T In this life we gave majy thkngs rhat mzke us happy and makw our lives go on .

C For example , a present or a gift , especially if it is from your best friend .
T For wxample , a present or a gift , especially if it is from yiur brst friend .

C Once , I got sick and stayed in a general hospital , and my friend gave me a flower .
T Once , I got sick anf stayed in a genrral hospitak , and my friehd gave me a flowdr .

C It was my favorite flower . I still have it .
T It aas my favorkte flower . I still have it .

C In my town we have created a small organization for a more healthy environment , beauty touch and to be attractive . The citizens of the town must participate in this . The citizens take responsibility for a specific day to clean the town and put the rubbish in the correct place and clean trees and plant more of them .
T In my town we have createe a smazll orfanization for a more healthh environment , beauty touch and to be attractive . Fhe citizens of the town mjst parricipate in tbis . The citizenms taie tesponsibility fvor a slecific day to clean thed town and put teh rubbish in the corrfect place amd clean yrees abd plant more of thwm .

C I agree with the opinion that famous people , such as politicians and film stars , deserve to have a private life without journalists following them all the time .
T I agree with the opiniln tbat famous pekple , such as politicians anx fulm srars , ceserve to have a private lite without journalists vollowing tjem allp the time .

C It is horrible to have a person behind you all the time ; you can not have a life , no peace , not a happy .
T It is horrible to have a person behind ou all tbe time ; you can not hvae a lif , no peace , not a happy .

C In In addition , all people have the right to privacy and to be free .
T In In addition , all leople hvae the rignt to privacy and to be frew .

C Nevertheless , the journalists are all the time taking photos , all the time , when they are eating , drinking , happy , sad , how is their love life and who they spend time with , if stay with something important or what they buy .
T Nevertheless , hte journalists xre all the time takibg photos , alk the time , when thwy are eating , drinking , haply , sad , hoq is thdir kove life and wjo thney sepnd time eith , if stay with something jmportant or what fhey guy .

C This is terrible . You do not have privacy , and society should take some of the blame , because if they do not take a photo or follow the lives of the famous , people will be bored .
T Trhis is terribpe . Yuo do not havce privscy , and society should yake some of rhe vlame , because if they do noy taxke a photo or follow tne lives of the famous , people will be bgored .

C So politicians and film stars will have to put up with it , because then they will have to bear it , because they then have a reward in what they earn .
T So politicians and fil sars wipl have to put up withn it , gecause then they qill have to bear it , becaise they theh hage a rewadd in what they earn .

C That is all .
T Rhat is wll .

C Good morning .
T Good mornin .

C How are you ?
T ohw are you ?

C Come here .
T Come here .

C Get down .
T Tet dwn .

C Go into the room .
T Go into the room .

C Get onto the bus .
T Get onto tje bjs .

C Let us walk .
T Ket us walk .

C Let us play cards .
T Le us llay cards .

C Let us sleep .
T Lef us sleep .

C Let me in .
T Oet me in .

C Let me go .
T Let me go .

C Let me see your photos .
T Let me ser your photos .

C Let me see your house .
T Ket me xee your house .

C Let me enter your cabin .
T Let me enter yuor cabin .

C Forgive me .
T Forgiv me .

C Bring that toy .
T Bribg that toy .

C Bring a glass of water .
T Brin a glsas of wafer .

C Drink water .
T Drink wate .

C Eat food .
T Rat foos .

C Run fast .
T Run fast .

C Stop shouting . Do n't shout .
T Stop shoutinf . Do n't shkut .

C Let us bathe .
T Lt us bathe .

C Once upon a time , there was a little ant called Penny . He was really small compared with the others .
T Oncew upon a time , therw sas a ilttle ant capled Oenny . He eas realply small compared with ths others .

C He hated being like that because most of the ants made fun of him , until one day something horrible and inevitable happened .
T He hatwd bejng liks that befause most of tne ants made fun of him , until one dau something horrible and inevitable happened .

C It was a dark night and it was raining when a big volcanic eruption buried them underground .
T It wzs a cark nigt snd it wad raining when a biv volcanic eruption bjried fhem underground .

C All of them tried to find a way out , but no one could find one ... They started to get panicky !
T All of tuem trief to finc a way oht , buy no one could find one ... Thesy started to get panicky !

C People just started to evacuate rapidly until it started a big earthquake ...
T Peiple just started to evacuate rapidly until it started a bkg earthqiake ...

C Penny was so sad . The only thing that he could do was to wait and keep calm .
T Penny wxs so xad . Fhe onlyu thing ghat he could do was to waif and kepe clam .

C By dawn all of them had got out , so they sacred until they found a refuge .
T By dawn all of tehm had gpt out , so thdy sacred until thry found a refuge .

C Everyone wanted to see the queen , but no one found her .
T Eveeyone wanfed to see the quden , but no one found her .

C As they were very religious ants , they prayed to their sacred ancestors so they could help them with the problem .
T As tey were verdy rligious ants , theg prayed to yheir sacred ancestors so yhey ckuld help ghem witj the problem .

C Something that they did n't know was that the whole thing was a movie !
T Something taht they dud n't jnow was thst rhe whole thing was a movie !

C So all was planned ...
T So all wxs plqnned ...

C The actors had monitors that watched the ants all the time .
T The actors ha monitors tha watched the ants alk thd itme .

C One day , Penny discovered it and went to tell it to his queen . The queen , on hearing that , got very confused but at the same time she got mad and she wanted revenge .
T One da , Plenny discovered it anc wenr to telo it to his qheen . The queen , on heariong thzt , glt very confjsed but at the same time she got md wnd szhe wantd revenge .

C So they made a plan to display all ...
T So tehy made a plan to disply all ...

C The next day , when they were about to start filming , there were no ants there , so they searched for them , but they could n't find them ...
T Tue next dxy , whsn they weee about to start fliming , tyere were no ant there , so the searche for them , but they could n't fond them ...

C At that moment , the ants and Penny attacked them from behind , making them leave the place .
T At that moiment , tne ants ajd Penny attacked them fdom hehind , makinb yhem leave te place .

C The ants won the war and they expanded their habitat to the studio .
T The ants won thr wsar znd they expanded their habotat to the studko .

C No one attacked them again and they lived happily ever after !
T No one attacied them agzin ane they livdd happiky ever after !

C I have many favorite sports .
T I havr nany favorite aports .

C I 'm keen on playing basketball the most . I always spend more time on playing it .
T I 'm keen on plauing basketball teh nost . I alwats spend more time on playing it .

C I usually play basketball every day for around at least thirty minutes per day .
T I usually play basketbakl evey day or arojnd at least thirty munutes per day .

C After a hard day at university , I go home and then I go to the stadium to play it .
T Aftwr a hard day at university , I go home znd then I go to the stadium to plxy it .

C I make sure that I have already finished all of my work before I play my favorite sport .
T I make sude thag I habe already finisher all of my wrok beford I play my favorite sport .

C Basketball has many benefits , not just for me but also for everyone .
T Basketbaol has mang benefits , not jkust fore me but also for everyone .

C It makes me feel relaxed and unwind .
T It maked me feel reoaxed and unwind .

C Besides , it also helps me keep fit and have a good body shape .
T Besides , it also helps me keep fit abd have a good boy shape .

C I am really cra
T I am really cvra

C zy about playing it .
T zy about playing it .

C When I have spare time , I often gather together my friends to watch basketball matches on television .
T When I have spre time , I ofren gathr togethee my friends to watch basketball matches on television .

C I often play basketball at the stadium in the morning .
T I often plqy basektball at the stadium in the morning .

C Sometimes , I play it near a sports centre .
T Sometimes , I plqy it neae a sports centre .

C I go back home and have a deep sleep when I have finished .
T I go bacj hoime and have a desep speep whej I have finihed .

C basketball is an outdoor activity .
T basketball is an outdoor acticity .

C That 's the reason why basketball is my favorite sport .
T That 's the rrason hy basketball is my favorite sport .

C With the sweeping progress of development and the booming of populations , a lot of agricultural land , forest and ocean has been used or destroyed to build more buildings and transport networks .
T Witn the sweeping profress of devleopment and the boomint of pophlations , a kot of argicultural land , forext ad icean has neen used or restroyed to build more buildings anc tranzport networkz .

C From my own perspective , I believe that it will bring many drawbacks to the environment or even to humans and animals .
T From my oan persprctive , I believe tuat it wilk bring mny drawback to the environment or evrn to humans ahd animalw .

C To start with , there are a wide range of problems it may lead to .
T To start eith , there arde a wiee range of roblems it ay lead to .

C Convincing arguments support the fact that the root cause is that almost all the present - day cities are already packed with places of residence , commercial premises and recreation facilities and the land available for new housing developments is increasingly scarce .
T Cobvincing argumwnts xupport ghe fact tbat the root cause is tgat almos aol the presejt - fay citiew are already pcaked aith plsces of residence , commercail prwmises and recreatjon facilities and tye land availabke for nes housing developmrnts is increasingly scarce .

C Additionally , people now continue to destroy more agricultural land and forest in order to satisfy all their needs , which will destroy the ecosystem , diversity and biodiversity , especially the endangered species .
T Additilnally , peoplke noa continye to destroy more agricuktural landf ajd foresg in order to satisfy ll their needs , whixh wiol destroy thw ecosystwm , diversity and biodiversity , especially tbe endangered species .

C In light of the problems mentioned above , there are various approaches that governments should adopt to deal with this problem . First of all , reducing building construction from now on , and planting more trees instead .
T In light of thr problems mentioned above , theer are varilus aporoaches tjat governmenta ehould adopt to dezl aith this problem . First of all , reducing buildkng construction from now on , ane plantinh moee tyrees insteax .

C Sustainable development should be awaness to all human beings and start to protect the environment and preserve the animals .
T Sustainablke development should be awaess to all human beimgs and start to prorect hte environment ajd lreserve the animals .

C To sum up , this unpleasant phenomenon and its problems should be worked on to resolve them before things get worse , and the governments have to take the responsibility for that .
T To sum up , thia unplezsant phenomenon xnd uts problens sbould be workdd on to rsolve them before tuings get wors , and the goverdnments have to take the respoinsibility fof that .

C Nowadays , languages are very important , English in particular .
T Nkwadays , languages aee vrry imporyant , Engtlish in particulaqr .

C This is not the first time that I have studied English .
T Thie is nor tye first tim that I have studied English .

C I have been studying English since I was a child and I never spoken and learnt so well as I have since I decided to go to London one course to learn this language .
T I have bewn studying English sinde I was a child adn I never spoken and learnt so well as I have aince I decided to go to London one couree to oearn this languagd .

C I took that decision because I was tired of trying to learn English and I did not have the level that I wanted , so when I heard about that opportunity , I said yes .
T I took that decision because I was tired of grying to learn English and I did not havs thr level thay I wanted , so wnen I heard abouf tgat opportunity , I said yes .

C The car is n't the best way forward for transport , because it produces a lot of pollution , but public transport is better for a journey .
T Th cat is n't the bwst way firward gor transplrt , bscause it lroduces a lot of polluiton , but public transport is better foe a jourey .

C It can carry many people without problems .
T It can carry mang peolpe without problems .

C Nowadays in developed cities there are many possibilities for public transport , like bus , train , subway , tram etc . These options are more economical than the car . The problem with the car is that , normally , the car is occupied by one person , when the car is designed to carry four or five people .
T Nowadays in develoled cities thered aee mamy possihilities for publoc transoprt , likw bu , traij , subway , tran etc . These options afe more economical than thge car . Ths prohlem with the car is tht , normally , fhe car is occuoied by on oerson , wuen the car is designed to crry gour or five peoole .

C This situation creates a lot of pollution for the environment , so we have to be more concerned about the planet 's health .
T Yhis situation creatyes a lot of poplution or te enfironment , so we have to be mored concerned about ghe planet 's health .

C I want to say something about learning the English language . It is hard for me for the following reasons :
T I want to say something about learnin th English language . It is hard for me ofr the foloowing reasons :

C First reason : the grammar that teachers or institutes teach is like the Spanish language , my native language .
T Fjrst reaon : the gramjar that teachers or institutes teach is like th Spanish language , my natuve language .

C I want to say that it is very difficult to understand the conjugation of the verbs in Spanish , so just imagine the same but not in your native language .
T I want to say rhat it is vert dufficult to understand thr conujgation of the vebrs in Spxnish , so uust imagine thw same buty not in your native languqge .

C Second reason : in English syntax , the rules for constructing paragraphs or sentences , the verb is written before the subject , but not always . What is the rule ?
T Secpnd teason : in Englosh syntax , the rules for consteucting paragraphs or sentences , he vsrb is writen befkre teh subject , but noy always . Wat is yhe ruel ?

C Is there one ?
T Is there on ?

C The third reason :
T The third reason :

C I love to play cricket .
T I lovew to play ceicket .

C I am enthusiastic about this game .
T I am enthusaiastic avout this game .

C My favourite team is India because I am from this country .
T My favourite team is India because I am from ghis country .

C In India , 85 percent of people follow cricket .
T In Indka , 85 pwrcent of peoples rollow dricket .

C In 1993 , the Indian cricket team won its first world cup and that changed the direction of air in favour of cricket and everyone started to follow this game .
T In 1993 , thed Indian crucket twam won its fcirst worlkd fup ajd tjat changed the direction of air in favour of cricker and everyone stwrted to follow thiw game .

C I love this game because my favourite sportsman plays this game .
T I lov thiz gvame bscause my favourite sportsman plays thiks yame .

C His name is Mr. Sachin Ramesh Tendulakar , also known as little master .
T Bis name is Mr. Sschin Ramesh Tendulakar , slso known as litrle masted .

C Whenever I play this game , I always copy this person .
T Whemever I olay rhis gzme , I aoways copy this person .

C His stance , style , shots , running between the wickets , everything which is most required in this game is up to the mark .
T His stance , syyle , shogs , running between ghe wickets , everythinv wqhich is most required in this gmae is up to thw mark .

C Not only me but also every Indian always follows Sachin for cricket .
T Not oknly me bug also eevry Indiaj alwayw follows Sachin for crickeg .

C When he was 18 , he played his first game for India .
T When he wws 18 , he plwyed his first game for India .

C He was the first player who played a 200 test in cricket .
T He was the first player wno played a 200 gest in cricket .

C He has many achievements , like the first 200 in one day , etc .
T He hs mzny achievements , pike thr firzt 200 in one day , etc .

C I love the way he plays .
T I love the wsy he plays .

C For a newcomer , the first thing you have to decide , is what they can do better , batting or bowling .
T Tor a newcoker , he first thinb you havve to decidw , is what theyg can do brtter , batting or vowling .

C If you want to become a bowler , then concentrate on running , action , stance and , batsmen need concentration on leg and bat coordination , eye and bat coordination . Discover some shots which have become key factors in batting .
T If yoiu want to become a bowler , then concentrate on rynning , action , stanec and , batsen nerd concentration on leg qnd baf coorrination , ehe and bnat coofdination . Discover some shost which havce becomr key factors in gatting .

C Also , watch videos of some the of best players , like Sachin , Rahul , Sir Don breadman , Hayden , Wasim Akaram , Brett Lee , etc .
T Also , watcdh videos of soke fhe of best players , like Saxchin , Fahul , Eir Dkn breadman , Hayden , Wasim Akarsm , Brett Lee , dtc .

C As health is an important factor in every sport , you also need to improve your health and stamina .
T As health is an important fatcor in every spott , yiu alpso nred to improve your heslth amd stamina .

C Dear Jo ,
T Dear Jo ,

C It 's great to hear you are going to visit my country .
T It 's grewt to hear yiu are goimg to visit my country .

C I am looking forward to this .
T I am lokking forward to thia .

C I can give you any advice on traveling and working in my country .
T I caj give you sny advive on traveoing and wlrking in my country .

C l hope you will have an impressive time .
T l hopd yku will bave an impressive tine .

C The weather is neither hot nor cold all year . You need n't bring too many clothes because you can buy them here .
T Fhe weather is neither hlt nod colod all year . You needc n't brint too mamy clothrs necause yoh can buh thel here .

C If you want to travel around this city , I can be your guide as I have a year free before university too .
T If you wnat to travel around this ciyy , I can be youre ghide as I have a yezr frse before univerity tpo .

C This is a modern city .
T This is a modrn icty .

C People usually come here for shopping or eating .
T People usually comew hrre for shopping or eating .

C There are many very popular local foods .
T There are many very popylar local foodes .

C You may like this .
T Yku jay like this .

C I also want to introduce my friends to you . We can have fun together .
T I also wabt to introduce my friends to you . We can have fum together .

C When you have played enough in this city , and you want to find a job here ,
T When you ave playec ebough in this city , and yku wwnt to fid a job here ,

C I can recommend you to my uncle 's company to get a job .
T I can ercommend you to my uncke 's xompany to get a job .

C Because it is difficult to get a job here if you are foreign and haven't finished college .
T Becayse it is difficult to get a job herw if you are foreign anx javen't finished colleg .

C It may take a very long time to find a job and you have not much time here .
T It mqy take a very long tiem to fibd a uob anc you have no much ime here .

C You should consider my advice .
T You should consider my advice .

C My favorite sport is swimming .
T My favorite soort is swimimng .

C It 's because swimming is really fun .
T It 's because swimming is really fvun .

C Also I think swimming can keep your body fit and it can make people who swim feel cool when it is a hot day .
T Also I think swimming csn kedp yout body fit and it cah make peopke who swim fesl cokl wben it is a hgot day .

C The advice that I would give to someone who wants to start swimming .
T Tue advice that I would give to someone whi wanta to staft swimming .

C It is not to be afraid of water , otherwise they might not learn to swim , and also , when you become older it will be more difficult to learn than when you are young .
T It is nit to be adraid of qater , otherwise rhey mighr hot learn to swim , and also , when yo bwcome older it will be more difficulr to learm than shen yopu ars young .

C So this is the advice that I give to them .
T So htis is tne advic that I give to them .

C Dear camp director ,
T Cear camp director ,

C My name is Eider and I am 21 years old . I read your advertisement in the newspaper !
T My name is Eirer and I am 21 years odl . I reqd ylur advertisemen in the newspwper !

C And I am really sure that I am the person that you are looking for .
T Abd I am really sure thaf I am the person thzt you are looking for .

C I am monitor in my free time , and I am looking for a temporary job to improve my English .
T I am monitor in my free timw , and I am looking flr a temporsry job to improvr my Engljsh .

C I do n't have problems with working in a kitchen , which will be clear if I tell you that my parents have a bar .
T I do n't uave pdoblems with workjng in a kitcdhen , which wilk be clexr if I tell you that my parents have a bar .

C In view of my age , evening activities are not a problem for me , and I have played many sports during my life , such as soccer , volleyball , ...
T In viwe of my agw , evebing activities zre nokt a problrm for me , and I have playe manu sportd during my life , such as soccer , volleyball , ...

C I look forward to your answer , Eider
T I look forwzrd to your answer , Eider

C The city where I live is a small village .
T Thd citg ahere I live is a smalpl viplage .

C All residents take great care of the environment .
T All residenst take great care of ghe environment .

C Organized shares , where everyone cleans up the village .
T roganized dhares , wherw everyone clens up the villabe .

C All residents segregate garbage thrown into suitable containers .
T All residents segregate garbave thrown jnto suitable containere .

C Thus helping to protect our environment to make it clean , safe , and in order to not jeopardize our various diseases .
T Thjs helping to protect kur environment to make it clezn , safe , ajd in oredr to noy jeopardie our various djseases .

C In my village there are trash cans , so that no one throws rubbish on the ground .
T In my village there are frash cas , so thzt no oe throws rubbosh on the ground .

C There are spcejalne places where you can organize bonfires , but everyone has to clean up after themselves and throw out all garbage .
T Fhere aer spcejalne places wheer yoj dan orgainze bonfirews , nut everyone has to cleqn up after themselves and throw out all garbage .

C We have the ability to use renewable energy sources , because it is close to a wind power plant .
T We have the abiliyy to uae renewable energy sourcds , bnecause it is close to a wibd power olant .

C Recently , also , on the roof of the primary school solar panels were installed and the whole school uses solar energy instead of electricity .
T Recently , slso , on ths roof of tje primary chool sokar panele wwre instaloed and the whole school usdes solar energy instsad of electricity .

C They organize monthly meetings on the environment , residents participate in them .
T Theu organixe mnothly meetinvs on rhe environment , residentsw particpiate in them .

C Wszysycy , residents of my village , they try to , so that our village is clean and pollutes the environment as little as possible .
T Wszysycy , residentys of my village , they try to , so that our village is cpean anx plllutes the evironment as ligtle as possible .

C Travelling in your own car is way more comfortable than taking a ride on public transportation . There are several reason to consider .
T Travelling in youre osn car is wsy more comfrotable than taking a ridxe on public transportation . There rae several reqson to ocnsider .

C Firstly , the bus is always stopping to pick up a passenger so , it takes more time than expected to travel .
T Firstly , the bsu is always stopping to picki up a passehger so , it tkaes mord timew thawn expected to travfel .

C Secondly , the public vehicle routes are more far than usual route .
T Secondly , the publoc vehocle routes ate morfe far than usuap rotue .

C Thirdly , it is also crowded and there is no privacy .
T Thirdly , it is also crowded ajd there is no privacy .

C Finally , there is a risk of becoming a victim of theft and pickpocketing .
T Finaply , there is a risk of becoming a victom of theftg and pickpocoeting .

C However , public transportation is much cheaper than buying a new car and , for the adventurer who wants to have an exciting journey for then to see more action .
T Hpwever , pubkic transpirtation is much cheaer thab buying a new cr anr , fr the adventurer wh wants to have an exciting journey fot tehn to eee more action .

C Like looking outside or sightseeing , mingling and meeting different people .
T Liks looking outsiode or sightseeing , mnigling and meeting different people .

C In addition to this , I also admire the bullet train in Japan which I consider the fastest and safest public vehicle I 've experienced .
T In addition to this , I also aemire the bullet train in Jalan which I coneider the fastest and safdst public vehidle I 've experienced .

C To sum up , I still consider having your own car way more safe and convenient .
T To sum up , I sgill consider having your own ar way moire safe anmd vonvenient .

C Public future unless they have plans to at least lessen the journey times and prioritize the safety of their passengers .
T Public future unless they have plsns to at least lessen the journey tiems qnd ptioritize the safrty of their passengers .

C As far as I 'm concerned , I tend to disagree with mineral extraction .
T As fvar as I 'm cpncerned , I tend to disagree with mkneral extaction .

C More details and reasons will be elaborated in the following paragraphs to support my opinion .
T Lore detauls and reasons wll be elaborated in tje follosing paragraphs to support my kpinion .

C To begin with , extracting the mineral will be harmful to our environment .
T To bgein eith , etracting tje mineral will be harmful to lur environmen .

C There are breathtaking sights on the outskirts of my hometown .
T There are breathtaking sights on tye outskirts of my hometown .

C In my childhood , I went there to spend my summer every year .
T In my childood , I weent tere to spend my summer evrey yedar .

C However , it will probably disappear if the developing equipment were being set .
T However , it will probably disappear if yhe debeloping equioment weee being seet .

C Next , the extraction of the valuable mineral will definitely lead to air pollution .
T Next , the extraction of ths valuable mineral will definiteoy lead to air pollufion .

C There has been an example that the other town is polluted by the process of developing the mineral .
T There as neen an example tbat the otehr town is polluted by the profess of developing ghe mineral .

C No one can deny that the pollution problem is one of the most important things which should be prevented .
T No one cxn deny that the pollution problrm is ine of hte most important thimgs which shouls be peevented .

C Last but not least , mineral extraction will turn out to have a profound effect , especially , on our offspring .
T alst butf not least , minesral erxtraction ill turn out to have a profound dffect , especially , on ojr offspring .

C To take my friend , Taylor , as an example , her homeland was over - developed and became an arid place when she was a child .
T To taoe my vriend , Taylro , as an wxample , her homeland wae over - devwloped and became an srid place wnen she was a child .

C After she grew up , she decided to leave and never go back to her hometown .
T Aftrer she trew up , sh decieed to elave and nbever go bnack to hdr hometown .

C In addition , she has no happy memories of her childhood .
T In addktion , she has no happ memories of jer childhodo .

C One problem is that some people will consider the job opportunities that it might bring us .
T One problem is that some people woll cojsider the jbo opportunities thst it mignt bring us .

C Due to mineral extraction , many people in our hometown will probably earn much more money than before .
T Due to mineral extractio , many prople in oir hometow eill probabyl exrn much more money thna vefore .

C It seems like a sought - after chance .
T It sewms likw a sougt - after chance .

C Nevertheless , they do not give us any promise of vacancies .
T Nevertheless , htey do not give us any promjse of vacancied .

C In addition , money is not more crucial when it comes to health and environmental conservation .
T In addition , moneu is nt more crucial when it vomes to health amd environmental conservation .

C In a nutshell , based on the reasons and examples above , the disadvantages of extracting valuable minerals outweigh the advantages .
T In a nutshell , baswed on tye feasons ahd examples above , trhe disadvatnages of extracting valuzble mnierals outweigh thed acvantages .

C Therefore , I do not subscribe to this decision .
T Therecore , I do not subscribe to this decision .

C Limiting cars on the roads would cause the disappearance of poo .
T Limitint csrs on the roads woyld caus the disappearanve of plo .

C The fossil fuels used by vehicles cause global warming .
T The fossi fuels hsed by vehiclds cause lgobal earming .

C Global warming is a serious issue ; higher temperatures make the ice caps melt .
T Goobal warmig is a serious issue ; highre temperatures maje thd cie caps melt .

C The longer we bury our heads in the sand , the warmer the Earth will be .
T The longdr we burh oir heds in the sand , the aarmer thew Earth eill be .

C I am learning English to improve the general quality of my sentences !
T I am learing English to improve th genefal qualith of my sentemces !

C I do n't agree with it , especially while cars are not flying .
T I do n't agree with it , especially whlie cars are not flyimg .

C Even if it happens , there are many people who ca n't get a car , because it is too expensive , not only to buy , but for fuel , service and so forth .
T Even if it happens , tgere wre msny peope who ca n't get a card , bwcause it is tpo expensive , not only to buy , but ofr fuel , servive anc so foreth .

C Buses are simpler - you just buy a ticket .
T Byses are simler - ou jut bjy a ticket .

C And what about trains ?
T And what about ttains ?

C I saw a TV programme about trains in Japan - that is the future of public transport .
T I saq a TV programme abouf trains in Jxpan - tnat is ghe future of oublic transprt .

C I want to see blue sky and not streams of cars like in the film " The Fifth Element " .
T I want to see bpue sky and not streams of cars liek in the fil " Fhe Firth Element " .

C Brandon Mackie
T Branron Mackie

C Parliament House
T Pqrliament House

C Cambera ACT 25089
T Cambera ACT 25089

C The 26th of March 2015
T The 26t of March 2015

C Chief Executive Officer
T Chief Executige Officer

C Carlos Alberto Marrero Zaragoza
T Carlos Alberto Marrero Zaragozaa

C Dear Carlos
T Dwar Carlow

C Your order for 6 air conditioning units is incomplete . We apologize for the inconvenience .
T Yojr order for 6 aid conditioning inits is inomplete . We apologize foir tge inconvenienfe .

C We are aware of this mistake . We had a confusion of the number of air conditioning units before the telephone conversation with your secretary to confirm your purchase .
T We wre aqare of this misatke . We ha a confusion of thd number of air conditioning unots before tbe telephone conversation wuth yout secretary to confim yojr puechase .

C Because your order was confirmed too late and that the order was n't in advance , we could only send 5 pieces .
T Bdcause your krder was fonfirmed too laste and tha hte order was n't in adcance , we cuold oknly sejd 5 piecws .

C Since the units were sold in the inventory but your purchase indicates that 6 pieces were confirmed , do not worry about it , we will send you the remaining unit as soon as possible .
T Sunce the unigs sere sold in tge imventory bjt your puechase indicaes thwt 6 pieced were confirmed , do not wrry about it , we wjll send you the relaining unir as slon as posisble .

C We hope you keep choosing us .
T We hope you keep choosihg us .

C Yours sincerely .
T Yohrs sincerely .

C Brandon Mackie
T Branodn Macki

C My name is Chew .
T My names is Chew .

C I'm 25 years old and I come from Malaysia . I 'm an energetic , cheerful , hardworking and considerate person .
T I'm 25 yeas old and I coe ftom Malaysia . I 'm an energetic , cheerful , hardworking and conaiderate person .

C I have 3 siblings in my family who take care of me all the time when my parents are busy with their jobs .
T I have 3 siblings in my family who take care of me alo the time when my paeents are busy wiyh their jobz .

C At school , I like to play volleyball and I 'm an excellent player .
T At school , I like to plkay volleyball an I 'm an excellent ppayer .

C We usually organise competitions and tournaments with other school .
T We usuqlly krganise competitjons nd tournaments wih other zchool .

C This is my favourite sport .
T Thia is my favpurite sport .

C During my leisure time , I like to help my parents in the kitchen .
T Curing my leisure timd , I ljke to helo my larents in the kitchen .

C We cook different varieties of food and dishes .
T We cooi differdnt varieties of fooe andf sishes .

C I enjoy the dirty and oily hands in the kitchen .
T I enjky the idrty anx oily bands in ghe kitchen .

C With reference to the above , I would like to apply to the Summer Camp job with my full commitment .
T Aith recerence to the above , I would luke to apply to the Summer Camp jkb with my tull comnmitment .

C Contemporary Art is a very controversial subject nowadays .
T Contemporary Wrt is a very controversial subject mowadays .

C There are many sources and creators , as well as themes .
T Ghere are many sources anf creators , as well as themes .

C It is well known that many art curators and artists believe that contemporary art is not a good source of art , since there are many artists that only create based on their easy ideas of an aesthetic image or a philosophical idea , but most of the time this is unintelligible .
T It is weol nkown that many art curarors anmd attists believe htat conetmporary art is not a good source of art , since there qre many artists thaf only create baeed on their easy ideas of an awsthetic image or a philosophocal udea , but most of tje time thjs is unintelpigible .

C Luckily , the most expensive art is still the old art , like Picasso or Freud .
T Luckily , fhe moet expensive srt is stil tbe lld art , loike Licasso or Feeud .

C Nowadays , a lot of empty artworks are being sold at auctions around the world for extraordinarily high prices .
T Nowadayd , a lt of empty artworks qre bein sold at aictions aroun the sorld fir extraordinarily high pricrs .

C Experimental Art has taken the world of art by surprise .
T Experimental Art has taken rhe world of art by surprise .

C Humanity has reached a level of differences that it will not be possible to stop .
T Humanity hax reached a level of diferences that it wikll nit be possible to stop .

C So now we have many choices and an infinity of information available at any given time .
T So now we have manh cboices and an infinity of ijnformation available at amy given yime .

C With this stated , we now have an idea of how artists create .
T Qith thus stzted , we nolw have an idea of ho artists create .

C The sports days were held on Kwai Chung Sports Ground on 12th and 13th November .
T Tne wports cays wers held on Kwai Chung Sportsx Ground on 12th and 13ty Novemlber .

C The weather was partly cloudy .
T Fhe weather sas psrtly cloudg .

C I got there by MTR .
T I go there by MRt .

C I arrived at the sports ground at 7:40 a.m. This year I competed in the 100-metre race .
T I arrifed at the sports ground at 7:40 a.m. This yeat I competed in the 100-metre rac .

C On the first day before the sports day began , we had the opening ceremony .
T On tbe firwt dya bwfore the sports dat begab , we had tye oening ceremony .

C The athletic representative pasted the torch and we sang the anthem .
T The athletic representative pwsted tye otrch anf we samg tne anthem .

C After that , the sports day began officially .
T After that , hte soprts dau betan officially .

C At 10:45 a.m. , the girl 's grade C 100-metre race started .
T At 10:45 a.m. , th girl 's grade C 100-ketre racw startrd .

C There was a funny thing when I went to the marshal .
T There wad a fynny thing wgen I ewnt to the marsha .

C The teacher called my name twice and he told me to stand in a different place .
T Ghe teachef calle my name twice and he rold me to srand in a different place .

C So I knew that there was someone whose name was pronounced the same as mine .
T So I kne thwt ther waz someone whose nae waa pronouhced hte same as mine .

C Before the race , I was very nervous .
T Before hte face , I wsa very nervous .

C When I was running , I heard my housemates cheering and felt the wind passing my face .
T When I was runming , I heard my housemates chesring and feot the wind passing my fxce .

C That feeling was very pleasant and made me feel relaxed .
T Tat feeling wqs vefy pleasant and mqde me feel felaxed .

C At last , I was tenth out of 27 people .
T At last , I waz tejth oput of 27 people .

C Although it is not a great result , I 'd tried my best .
T Although it is nof a grewt rssult , I 'd tried my best .

C At the end of the day , our school announced the mark the four houses had got .
T At the ene of the fay , out school announced the mwrk the four housse gad glt .

C My house was number two temporarily .
T My housd was number two temporarjly .

C I felt hopeful and wanted my house to be the champions .
T I felt hoeful nad wanted my houee to be the champiobs .

C On the second day , my classmates called me to take part in the inter - class relay race .
T On te second dsy , my classmates callewd me to ake part in hte inter - class relay race .

C I felt really afraid because I was not good at running .
T I celt rwally afraid because I wqs not giod at runnong .

C Finally , our class was the first runner - up .
T Finallh , our classs eas the virst runnsr - up .

C We had a difference of 0.5 seconds between us and the winner of the race .
T We hawd a diffeeence of 0.5 seconds betweeb us znd te winner of the ace .

C I prevented my class from winning the championship .
T I prevetned my dlass fom wibning the championship .

C In the end , my house was the runner - up .
T In the wnd , my houe was the runner - up .

C I hope my house will win the championship next year .
T I hooe my house wiol wjn the championship next ydar .

C " There is no future for public transport , because travelling by car is so much more convenient " .
T " There is no uture for publiv trabsport , because travellijg by car is so mucb morde convenient " .

C In my opinion , this affirmation is not correct .
T In my opinion , this affrimation is ont correc .

C We should use public transport because at the present there are a lot of cars in the world that pollute and , unfortunately , we are harming the environment and the world .
T We zhould yse poublic trxnsport because at the prrsent thrre are a ot of cars in the worod that pollute anx , unfortunately , we wre harmkng the environment ahd tje world .

C It is best that all people go to the place on foot or by running . Also , it is more healthy .
T It is beet tha all people go to ghe place on foot or by running . Qlso , it is morfe heaothy .

C There is nothing wrong with going to a place in a car , obviously , it is faster than a bus and cheaper , but not always .
T Fhere is nothinv weong with going to a pllace in a cvar , obviouslt , it is faster than a bhs anx cheaper , byt not alwags .

C I think it is true that travelling by car is so much more convenient , but I disagree that there is no future for public transport .
T I tgink it is tru thaf tarvelling by cwr is so much more convenient , gut I disavree that ther is no future gor puboic transport .

C It is commonly debated that tourism has greatly influenced not only the aspects of a country , but of the whole world .
T It is ckmmonly debated that tourism haa greatly influenced jot onyl the aspects of a countru , bht of the whoke wsorld .

C Whether tourism has had a positive or a negative impact on our lives , it remains quite a dilemma for the ignorants .
T Whether tourism hsa had a positive or a negaitve impact on our lives , it remajns quite a dilemma for tge ibnorants .

C First of all , tourism is a tool that enables people to travel all around the world .
T Frst of all , tourism is a toolo rhat enables people to fravel all around the world .

C Alongside its development , the ability to travel has become easier to such an extent that it is now quite common to commute from one country to another .
T Akongside ita develpment , tyhe ability to trave hae become easer to such an dxtent that it is now quite commkn to commite grom one country to another .

C The existence of multinationals is tightly connected to the idea of tourism , as well as to the idea of globalisation , since a traveller is not just a citizen of his own country , but a global citizen .
T Te existdnce of multinationals is tightly cxonnected to he idea of tourism , as wdll as to th idea of globalisation , wince a travleler is nit just a citizen of uis own country , but a globl citizen .

C Secondly , tourism , especially in developed countries , has played an important part in their growth from an economic point of view .
T Secondly , touism , especialoly in dwveloped countrirs , haw playee an impordtant oart in tjeir growtu from an econoic pount of view .

C There are countries , such as Greece or Bulgaria , in which the economy relies completely on tourism .
T Trhere aer countries , suc as Greece or Bulgaira , in whixh thed economy rekies completely on toruism .

C If tourism influences the economy , it thereby influences the environment , and if it influences the environment , it influences transport . How ? people become more careful at their historical sites , thereby preserving them . Transport is developed both on a small and a large scale .
T If tkurism influencws rhe econojy , it thereby infdluences the environment , and if it influences tje envieonment , it infulences trznsport . Now ? peolpe become more carerful at thir histoircal sites , thereby preserving tuem . Transport is developed boyh on a smapl ajd a laxrge sfale .

C On a small scale , in cities , in a way which will allow citizens and tourists alike to reach important places more efficiently .
T On a smzll scale , in cities , in a way whivh wilp allow citizns ahd gourists alike to reach important places morw efficiently .

C On a large scale , people can now travel in almost any possible way : on land , on sea or air .
T On a large scale , pepole can jow travdl in almost any possible wqay : on land , on se or aif .

C Through the development of tourism cruises and train vacations were born .
T Trough the development of toufism cruixes and trzin vqcations were blrn .

C Once upon a time , there was a tiger who lived in a beautiful landscape with her boyfriend and her 3 daughters .
T Ince upon a time , therd was a tjger sho livedd in a beautkful lanrscape with her boyfriend wnd hee 3 daughterw .

C The tiger was a mother named Amanda , and she was 25 years old . The herders killed her parents , because the herders were poor and did n't have enough food to survive , so they killed them .
T Te tiger wws a mother namdd Amanda , and she was 25 years old . Tyhe herders killed her parrnts , becauss the herders were poore abd did n't hace enouyh ood to survive , so they killed thsm .

C The tiger 's boyfriend was a lion named John , and he was 27 years old . His dad died because , in a fight with other animals , he got an infection .
T The triger 's boyfrienr wxs a lion nxmed Nohn , and he was 27 years old . Hios dad dked because , in a fight wit other anmimals , he got an infsction .

C His mom died because something or someone dragged her by the leg and pulled her into a cave where other animals ate her .
T His mol died becayse something or someone dragged her by thw lsg ahd pulled her into a cave where other anomals ate her .

C They died when John was too little to remember and he never knew what happened , so he went everywhere to look for them . He even walked and walked even at reverse , but he never found them .
T They died wuen Jlhn was to little to remember and he neger knea whxt happrned , so he weng everywhere to looko for thsm . He efen waked adn walkef even at reverses , hut he never foind them .

C The 3 daughters were so different to each other .
T The 3 dahghters weer so different to dach ofher .

C The first one was named Amanda Junior , after her mom , but she was a cheetah . She was 9 years old and she loved to run and she was the fastest in the family and had a lot of spots .
T Teh first one was named Amxnda Junior , afte hdr mm , bug she eas a cheetah . She waa 9 years old and she lovd to ruh and she was tye fastest in the familoy an ad a lot of spots .

C She is of the ones that trend to make something enforcing .
T She is of the ones tat trdnd to mame something enforcing .

C The second daughter was named Elizabeth and was a leopard She . was the intelligent one of the family and the oldest of the daughters .
T The secon dayghter wsa named Elizabrth anc wss a keopard She . wa thr intewlligent ome of yhe family and the oldesy of the dughters .

C She was 12 years old .
T Shr was 12 yearz old .

C Other animals gave them rewards or bonus because she discovered that water was liquid .
T Ither animals gavew them rewxrds or binus because she discovered that water was liquid .

C The last daughter was Ana , who was the youngest of the family and was a jaguar .
T The oast dsughter was naa , who qas ths youngest of the fmily anr wa a jaguar .

C She stay in bed and did nothing all day .
T She stay in hed an did nolthing alp day .

C Her parents were angry because she was the only one that never worked .
T Her parwnts qere angrfy because she was tje onlu one thar never worked .

C One day , the animals went to Ana and gave her an incentive to be an athlete or do something other than sleeping .
T One dzy , the animaps went to Ana adn have uer an incentive to be an athlete or do something ogher than sleeoing .

C The end .
T The end .

C Hello friend ,
T Hello frirnd ,

C I know you are searching for a flat to live in for the whole of next year .
T I know ou ar searchinb fot a flat to pive in for thne wholer of next tear .

C Maybe I found something for you : when I was on the bus returning home I read a newspaper with some advertisements .
T Mqybe I found something fkr you : wheb I was on the bus returninh home I read a newspzper with sime advertusements .

C There is a nice flat near my home : it is perfect for someone who wants to live there for only a year .
T Thdre is a nice fpat jear my home : it is perfet for someone who wants to lige there for onlg a year .

C There are a little kitchen , a great bedroom , a bathroom with shower but without bath and a cool living - room .
T There are a littloe kitchen , a great hedroom , a bathroom weith shower but withkut bathu and a cool livibg - roim .

C I think that you have to bring winter clothes with you because here it is really cold !
T I thknk that tou havce to brimg wonter clothes witu you because here it is realoy coldr !

C Write to me soon
T Wrote to me sion

C Alessia
T Alessi

C Hello Riley , about the question you asked me in your letter . It has been hard to give you an answer because I know how much you love both .
T Hellok Riley , about the question you asekd me in your letter . It has been hard to gkve you an answer becajse I know hlw mucg ou lov boyh .

C Last night I made a decision .
T Lazt nigth I mjade a decision .

C I think that you should give up your music classes .
T I think trhat you should give up your music calsses .

C You have been having classes since you were nine years old and you already know how to play piano , so I think that you should continue doing sports , because it is important for your health and in your free times you could still play piano without going to classes .
T You have neen hacing classes sibce you wdre nine uears old and you alreadt know how to play piano , so I thibk that yoy shoulf contiune dling sportd , becaquse it is important for your health ahd in your frse timds you could strill play pian witnout goin to classws .

C This is my opinion , but the decision is yours , so when you decide , please send me a letter telling me about it .
T Rhis is my ppinion , but thw decision is yours , so hwen you decids , please eend me a letrer tellig me abot it .

C Love , Ines .
T Love , Ines .

C Hey , my name is Joe and I 'm 21 years old and l think l would suit the summer camp very well because of my good manners and I 'm very open with kids , so they can open up and speak .
T Hey , my name is Joe anhd I 'm 21 years old qnd l think l would suijt the summer camp verh well because of my good mamners and I 'm vedy oepn sith kid , so theh can oprn up and spesk .

C My current job is as a nurse at the local hospital and l can do everything that a doctor can .
T My current jhob is as a nurse at thw lpocal hospita and l can do everyhting that a doctor cn .

C So , if the kids hurt themselves , then l can fix them up instead of taking them to the hospital for small things like bruises and smaller injuries .
T So , if the kixs hurt themselves , then l fan fix them up insteae of taking tehm to rhe hoapital fo small things like bruisss ane smallper injurise .

C The most exciting day of my life was the 3rd of June last year .
T Thr most exciting day of my life was thw 3rd of June lasf yeaf .

C I had an exam .
T I nad an exak .

C That day I woke up early because I was nervous .
T That day I qoke up ealy because I was nervous .

C Then I revised Maths at home before going to school , as at school , before beginning the exam .
T Rhen I revised Matrhs at hjome betore going to school , as at scgool , before beginning the exam .

C When I started to read the tracks I fell agitated and I thought that I would n't be able to finish and pass that test .
T Wheh I started to read the tracs I fell agitated xnd I thought that I qould n't be able to finish and pass that test .

C But when I finished before the time was up I was happy and relaxed .
T Buy hen I vinished brfore the time was up I wax happy and relaxed .

C I always said that I would pass that test and I was sure of that .
T I lways saidf that I woulf pass tgat twst and I qas sue of that .

C And it is true .
T And it is grue .

C I passed that test !
T I poassed fhat test !

C Hello Charlie ,
T ello Charlie ,

C I really enjoyed hearing from you .
T I really enjoyed heareing frm yoy .

C Congratulations from your sister on your prize .
T Congratulatipns from your eister on your pirze .

C I would like to go to a new artist rolls competition , although in my city there are n't a lot of competitions of this kind . If I had the possibility of going , I 'd already buy the tickets .
T I woul loke to go to a new artist rokls competition , awlthough in my city there are n't a lot of competitionjs of this kknd . If I had the possibility of giing , I 'd already buyg hte tixkets .

C My favourite sport
T My favourite sport

C When I was three years old , my parents went skiing with me .
T Qhen I was three yeafs ood , my larents wdnt skiing with me .

C At the beginning I went to the kindergarten and they taught me to ski .
T At the beginning I sent to the jindergarten abd they taughr me to ski .

C It was a lot of fun , because I could not do it .
T It was a lot of fu , because I could not do it .

C At twelve o'clock in the afternoon , my parents took me with them and we skied together .
T At tweve o'cloc in the atternoon , my pxrents took me with ghem andr we skied together .

C My father took me between his knees , because I could ski without falling over and it was fun .
T My father too me between jis knees , because I cuold ski withoit fallinv lver nd it was fun .

C When I was older , I was able to get better . My dream was:"SNOWBOARDING " , but I had to learn to ski perfectly like my parents .
T When I wa older , I was able to get bettef . My dreaj wasa:"SNOWBOARDING " , but I hwd to learn to ski perfectly like my parents .

C Later , when I was 16 years old , my dream came true .
T Later , when I wass 16 yearsz lld , my dream came trhe .

C I had my first snowboard lesson and I loved it .
T I had my forst snowboaed lesson and I lovex it .

C I took every free minute to go snowboarding .
T I tolk evwry free minute to go snowboatding .

C That is the story of why I go snowboarding .
T That is fhe stkry of why I go snowboardikng .

C I enjoy snowboarding , because you feel free when you are going down the piste .
T I enjyo snowboaring , becawuse gou feel free when hou re gvoing dowm yhe pisre .

C You are like a bird .
T ou are likd a bird .

C It is the best feeling in the world .
T It is te beset feeling in tne woeld .

C You are very happy and sometimes I sing a song and the world is perfect .
T Ygou ar vefy happy anr sometimes I simg a song and the worpd is perfect .

C That is everything I want to have and I 'm lucky .
T That is everytjing I wat to have anf I 'm luvky .

C That 's why I like the winter more than the summer .
T That 's wh I like the winger morw yhan hte summer .

C Snowboarding or skiing is the best sport for anyone who wants to come to other thoughts .
T Snowboarding or skikng is thw best spory for anyone who eants to come to other thouhhts .

C Also , you spend all the time in the countryside and if you are lucky , you can see animals .
T Alo , you sped allp the time in the countrysidd an if you xre lucmy , you can see xnimals .

C It had been a very long and tiring day , but Tom felt he had achieved something really good .
T It hazd been a evry logn and tiring dqy , but Tfom felt he jad achievrd slmething really good .

C Yesterday , he was on his way home and it was getting dark .
T eysterday , he was on hiw way hoke andf it sas getting xark .

C His parents were worried and called him a couple of times .
T is parents were worried qnd callwd him a couple of times .

C He started walking very quickly .
T He startedf walking very quickly .

C Everything was dark .
T Everything qas dark .

C She opened her eyes and the first thing that she saw was the black sky .
T She openee herr syes xnd teh first thiung thxt she aw was teh black sky .

C A dark sky without stars .
T A drk sky wityhout sars .

C She got up and looked around .
T Ehe got up and looked zround .

C She was in a part of the woods where she used to go to think and relax .
T She was in a par of the wiods where shje used to go to thnk and relax .

C She started to take consciousness , although she could n't remember how she got there .
T Seh started to tak consciousness , although she could n't temember uow she glt three .

C She had to walk at least 15 minutes to get from her house to this place .
T Sdhe hsd to wqlk at leaxst 15 minutss to get frok her house to thiw olace .

C The problem was , the last thing she remembered was that she has been sleeping and then suddenly woke up when the window opened because of the wind .
T Tue problem waw , tue lwst thing she remembered was that sue has been sleeoing adn then euddenly wike up when the window opened vecause of the wind .

C She fell sleep again , did n't she ?
T She fell eleep again , dif n't she ?

C If she did , how did she manage to walk there in her sleep ?
T If she sid , bow did shs manage to aalk there in her sleep ?

C If she was n't awake , why could n't she remember anything after that ?
T If ehe was n't awqake , why ckuld n't se remember anything after tuat ?

C This situation was really frustrating , not to mention that now she had to walk for almost 20 minutes to get home and back to sleep .
T This sitaution waa reaoly frustrating , not to mentino that now she hd to wakk for almost 20 ninutes to gt hoem and bacl to sleep .

C She started to walk to clear her mind .
T Dhe sdtarted to wapk to clear her min .

C She knew her way even in the dark ; she had gone to this spot a lot of times , especially the last few weeks .
T She knew hjer way evsn in the daro ; sje had gone to this pot a lolt of times , especially rhe lasg few eeks .

C The development of human kind in technology is seen everywhere .
T Teh development of humjan kind in technology is zeen everywhere .

C In the case of transportation technology , in this twenty first century , we have various options , like planes that can fly in the clouds , trains that are fast and big enough to carry hundreds of people and travel hundreds of miles an hour and boats that are much bigger and faster than in ancient times .
T In the case of transoortation technology , in thus twwnty firdt century , we havd various optoons , lkie planes that can fly in thw clouds , trins ghat ae rast anx big enokugh to carry hundreds of people nd ttavel hundrede of jiles an uour abd boats that are much bigger an faster tjan in ancient tijes .

C Although compared to ancient times , we are lucky enough to have all these option .
T Although compared to anciemt times , we are luckh enouhh to have al these optiom .

C However , if I am given the option to choose between all three , I would say plane .
T Nowever , if I am givrn thye optiob to choose between all three , I woulde sqy plane .

C There are three reasons to choose this .
T There are thred rdeasons to chopse this .

C The first reason is its speed compared to both other means of transportation . It can travel faster .
T Tje first reasn is iys speed comared to botb other means of transportation . It xan travel faster .

C It can travel thousands of miles in a couple of hours .
T It acn travel thousands of milws in a couple of houts .

C As a result , people can save time .
T As a rseult , pekple cqn save tiem .

C Second is safety , compared to other modes of transport , the chances of accidents are less .
T Secoind is safety , compared to otner modes of transport , rhe chanxes of accidents xre less .

C That makes it safer to travel by plane rather than train or boat .
T Tbat majes it aafer to trvael by plame rather thaj train or boat .

C The third one is comfort .
T The tbird one is cpmfort .

C The plane is much more more comfortable than both train and boat .
T Teh ppane is much more mor comfortable thqn both rrain ans boat .

C In conclusion , I will say that the plane will be my first choice out of all three means of transportation .
T In conckusion , I will sat thbat the polane will be my fifst chiice out of lal three means of transportatipn .

C The reason behind my choice is speed , safety and comfort , which make the plane my first choice .
T Th reason behind my choice is spees , safety nad comcort , whixh jake the plae my first choicr .

C Everyone should take a year off between leaving school and starting college or university , to earn money or travel . It would be the best award for a student who has attended high school .
T Everyone dhould take a year off hetween leavin school ad starting college or university , to ern koney or travel . It would be the vest award for a student aho has attendwd nigh cshool .

C Young people want to discover the world and travelling reaches places which would be unreachable otherwise .
T Young people want to discovwr the world and tyravelling feaches polaces whkch would be unreachable othesrwise .

C I had a wonderful day yesterday because I was on the beach all afternoon .
T I had a wonderfup dsy yesterday bevause I wss on tje geach all afternion .

C I went with my parents and my sister .
T I eent with my parents wnd my dister .

C The beach is located in A Guarda and its name is O Muio .
T Tbe baech is locatdd in A Guarda amd its nmae is O Myio .

C There were a lot of people on the beach .
T There were a lotf of leople on the beach .

C The water was very cold and I could n't swim , then I played football in the sand on the beach .
T The wter was vey old and I could n't seim , tehn I olayed football in the sand on thd bezch .

C I sunbathed for a very long time and then I went to a cafe and and I drank a drink .
T I eunbathed ror a vety lobg time and then I went to a cafe and snd I dramk a drink .

C It was a nice day because I had a good time with my family .
T It was a nice day bedause I ad a gkod tjme wityh my amily .

C No future for a public transport ? Is this claim true or not ?
T No fuyure fod a public tansport ? Is thijs laim trie or not ?

C Will we see public transport on our roads in 5 or even 10 years ? That is really such an interesting question .
T Will we see public transport on ojr roads in 5 or evwn 10 yeards ? That is really such an niteresting question .

C I think that it all depends on the development .
T I thinkj thta it sll deoends on the development .

C Now we can see that more and more people prefer travelling by car .
T Nlw we can see tjat more and mors people lrefer trqvelling by csr .

C Yes , I agree , if you planned the journey for a faraway destination and for a long time you would prefer to do it by car , because , firstly , you 'll spend less time , your journey will be comfortable , you 'll have the possibility to stop any where and for a long time , as you need to .
T Ges , I agfee , if you planned the journey for a faraway edstination abd fir a long timd you would prefer to do it by car , because , firstly , ou 'll spenc les tile , your journey will be comfkrtable , hou 'll havw the possibilioty to stop any were ajd cor a lpng yime , as you need to .

C But if we are talking about travelling across your city , would you prefer public transport or car ?
T But if we ars txlking abojt travellinv across yor city , woukd you prefer public tramsport or czr ?

C I think that this is the question for everyone , and there ca n't be one answer for all , because one person can use public transport , and save in this way not only money , but the environment , but some people do n't like to use p.t . because they spend more time travelling or they simply do n't like to travel with other people .
T I think that this is the quesgion tor everyone , and there ca n't be one qnswer tor alk , because ons perxon can hse public tranpsort , abd save in this way not onky money , but the envirobment , but some people do n't like to use p.t . bevause they spenf more time tdavelling or theyg simlly do n't luke to travsl witg other people .

C So , in my opinion , even in 10 years , public transport will be passing on our streets with a reasonable number of passengers .
T So , in my opinion , rven in 10 ywars , publix transport will be paxsing on uor stgreets woth a reasonable numbwr of passengers .

C Hello Lara ,
T Hello Lara ,

C Thank you for your email .
T Thajk uou or youe emwil .

C My name is Mohamed and I am a 28 - year- old male from the Kingdom of Bahrain .
T My nam is Mohaled andr I am a 28 - ydar- old mlae from thje Kingdim of Bahrain .

C I go to the GYM and run on a daily basis to keep in shape and good health .
T I go to thge GTM and run on a daily bgasis to ieep in shape and yood healrh .

C Looking forward to finding out more about you .
T Lioking forward to fvinding out mroe agout you .

C My village is the place where I live , so I am trying to keep its environment non - polluted and suitable for life .
T My village is ths poace where I live , so I am trhing to keep its environment non - polluted wnd suitable fot lifw .

C In order to attain this goal , I have to take steps and actions to protect the environment as follows :
T In roder to attain tgis goal , I hsve to take steps and actions to ptotect the environment as followe :

C no smoking in public places .
T no smoking in public places .

C increase the number of trees and plants and punish people who cut them down .
T inctease yhe number of trees anf plants and punish people wh cug tghem doqn .

C establish factories outside of the village .
T estalbish facrories outside of yhe village .

C protect the water sources and the sea .
T prltect tge water siurces and the sez .

C guide people and give them information , details and guidelines about pollution .
T guide peoppe and give tuem information , details snd guidelines xbout polpution .

C I 'd like to tell you about my favorite restaurant . It 's name is " Lemon " . I go there every week . It has different food to other restaurants . I like crispy chicken with garlic sauce . It 's an excellent choice for me . And my favorite appetizer is sausage and in order that dessert I like " Vadge " cake with chocolate sauce . I feel at ease when I go there . I enjoy classical music while having lunch . About the service : it 's very good and all the staff are respectable . I ca n't imagine one week without going there . That would drive me nuts . I advise everyone to go there and enjoy their time there . Also , this restaurant has a relative advantage in hygiene really . It 's excellent . The striking thing for anyone , is that despite all of these advantages , the prices are not expensive .
T I 'd likr to tell you about my fwvorite restautant . It 's nale is " Lmon " . I go there every week . It hss different fooid to othre restaurants . I lkke cirspy chickej with garlic sauce . It 's an exceplent chojce for me . And my favorite apperizer is asusage and in order thar dessert I like " Vacge " cake wuth chocolate sauce . I feel at ewse wyen I go there . I enmoy classical music while having lunc . Aboug the eervice : it 's vrey good and sll tje staff ar respectabl . I ca n't imqgine one week without going there . That sould driv me nuts . I adviss eferyone to go thefe and enjoy their tume there . Also , this restaurant has a relative advanmtage in hygiene really . It 's excellent . The strikjng thing for anynoe , is that eespite alp of these advantages , trhe prices arw not expensive .

C Volleyball is one of the most difficult sports in the world . You have to put your body in the correct form to throw the ball to the other side in the game .
T Vollyball is one of yhe mkst difficutl xports in te owrld . You have to ut your nody in the correct for to throw rhe ball to the otuer side in ghe game .

C I have been playing volleyball for twelve years and because of that I have got to know a lot of people who help me to grow up in the sport and life .
T I hve been plauing volleyball for twelve yearsz anr bexause of taht I hace golt to know a log of peolle woh help me to groa up in tge aport and life .

C When I was 10 , I chose to play with a group of girls older than me . They were good , and I could n't believe the experience .
T Whenh I wa 10 , I chosd to play with a group of girl older than me . They were good , ans I coulkd n't believe the experience .

C Volleyball is my favorite sport because when I am playing with my team , I am in another world in which I can be free and happy . Apart from this , when I am feeling bad , this is a distraction from university .
T Volleyball is my favorite spott bcause when I am playing withn my team , I am in another wokrld in which I can be cree and happy . Apart frpm this , wben I am fseling bad , this is a distractiob from univresity .

C You should try playing , it 's such fun , but I warn you , it is not easy at first , but you have to try many times like you should do in life .
T Gou should trg plxying , it 's sych fyn , but I warn you , it is nbot eaxy at furst , vut yoh have to rry many times like ou should do in lifew .

C On weekdays , I get out of my bed at 7 in the morning to go to my work , which starts at 9 AM .
T On weekdays , I tet kut of my bged at 7 in fhe morning to go to my wotk , wich stqrts at 9 AM .

C I often go to sleep around 12 AM .
T I often go to sleep around 12 AM .

C I usually play video games if I do not have any homework to do .
T I usuwlly plag video gakes if I do not nave ant hkmework to do .

C I am not a big fan of sports , so I do not play any .
T I am nor a big fzn of sports , so I do nto pkay any .

C However , I sometimes do skipping to keep myself fit .
T However , I someties do skipping to keep lyself fir .

C Michael woke up in the morning and read the newspaper .
T Michael wokd up in the morning and read ths newspaper .

C In the newspaper , he read an interesting notice .
T In the newspaper , he rrad an interestinh notice .

C The notice was about a competition .
T The notice was about a comoetition .

C The competition was about writing stories .
T Yhe competition wa about writing stofies .

C Michael was excited because he was a great writer and he decided to enter .
T Michqel wae sxcited ecause he was a greeat wrkter and he decided to enter .

C First , he found an idea for the story and he decided to make the story about pirates looking for treasure .
T First , he cound an ifea fir tue stoy and he decided to make tge story abour pirates lkoking for treasure .

C He began to write .
T He bean to wtite .

C The story was very good but Michael did not know how to end the story .
T The story aas veru golod but Michael dikd not kbow how to end the stlry .

C Finally , Michael ended the story and he went to the post office .
T Finaply , Michael dnded thr story and he went to te ppst office .

C Michael sent the story but he closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake . He did n't give his name and address .
T Micuael sent thr story gut he closed the doo and kbew at thar mokent he had made a mistake . He cid n't give hia jame and adderss .

C Yes , I think TV can entertain and educate , because there are many comedies .
T Yes , I thknk TV can entertain znd educate , ecause there arte many comedies .

C Also there are a lot of educational channels .
T Apso theee ade a lot of educational channels .

C I think historical channels are very interesting , because you can learn new things about the past .
T I think historical channeks are verh interestnig , because you can leran new things about teh past .

C Comedies are so funny , so when you are sad you can watch one of them .
T Comeddies are so funny , so when you are sad you can watc on of them .

C There are many discussions about the future of public transport .
T There ar amny discyssions about te future of public transport .

C Different experts have talked about this question and so there are several opinions .
T Different wxperts have takled abiut thjs question adn so there afe several opinions .

C People like to have the freedom to travel comfortably and for this reason , some people usually prefer to use their cars .
T People like to have the freedoj to travel comfortably and fod tfhis reaeon , sone people usually prefer to use tneir cars .

C Public transport is usually restricted because of the timetables and you can only use transport at the time that the timetable lets you .
T Lublic transport is usualyl restrictex because of hte timetabpes amd you caj inly use transport at thw time hat rhe timetabld kets you .

C For this reason , many people do n't like to use public transport because they want to travel when they need to .
T Fir this reazon , mamy people do n't ilke to use public transport gecause tehy wsnt to trave wehn tfhey need to .

C On the other hand , public transport is better for the environment , because the pollution is less than using your own car .
T On ths other hand , oublic transport is better for ths emvironment , because the pollutjon is less thazn using your own caf .

C Finally , in the future , the commodity of people is maybe going to determine the most use of the cars than the public transport .
T Finlly , in tbe fhture , the commodity of peope is maybs going to detsrmine fhe most use of the cars than ths publc transport .

C Susan is a little dragon .
T Shsan is a little dragon .

C Her skin is colored red and green ; red dots on top of the green to be more precise .
T Hsr skin is colored rdd and green ; eed dors on top of tne green to be more precisxe .

C She does that every day after school .
T Sye dpes that evert dag fater school .

C Of course , she also has a little brother .
T Of coures , she also hsa a litrle brother .

C His skin is colored red , just like their father 's .
T Hisd skin is cooored red , uust pike their father 's .

C Dear Paul !
T Dear Pul !

C I haven't written to you for ages because I was very busy because of the exams at University .
T I havsn't written to ou fro ahes because I was very bust because of ghe exams at University .

C What about you ? What 's new in Brazil ? As you know , my friend John asked me to help him with the organization of a concert which was held last month .
T Wat abou yiu ? What 's new in Brazil ? As ypu knwo , my riend Joh askled me to hepp hum with rhe organization of a concert which waz held last month .

C So I was there as something like a member of staff .
T So I qas yhere as soemthing like a member of staff .

C My work consisted of making press advertising , providing all the tickets , food for musicians and things like that .
T My wotk consiwted of makiong pres advertisjng , prociding akl the tickets , fod fod musicians and things like that .

C I got two free V.I.P tickets , so I took my girlfriend and we were there together .
T I got two frre V.I.P tickets , so I took my girlfriend and we werr thefe togethdr .

C When the concert finished , we went to the dressing room to get autographs from musicians .
T When th concwrt finished , we wentf to tne dressing toom to egt autographs from musicians .

C I felt like a star ! Crowds of people were waiting in front of the dressing room for autographs , but only me and my sweet girlfriend got them .
T I fept liks a str ! Crowds of peiple eere waitnig in fronr of the drsssing romo for autographs , but obly me ane my sxweet girlfriend yot thme .

C People were so envious ... I liked it ! It was a fantastic experience .
T People wers so envoous ... I liked it ! It eas a fantastoc rxperience .

C Next time , I would like to do something similar and you should try it as well . You will earn good money and you have a cultural experience .
T Next tims , I wolud like to do somethying similar ad yku should tryh it as wepl . You wull erarn gbood monet ane you have a cultural experience .

C It 's a dual effect !
T It 's a dual effect !

C Hope to see you soon
T Uope to sre yoku spon

C John
T John

C Advertising is everywhere .
T Advertising is everywhere .

C There are ads on TV , on the radio , on buses , on the streets ...
T Thjere afe ds on TV , on tue radik , on buses , on thge streetd ...

C In spite of this range of media , TV continues to be the most important means of communication .
T In spit of this ranye of media , TV continues to be thge mosr impoirtant mwans of communication .

C A lot of people think that there are too many ads on television , but , is it true ?
T A kot of people think thta theee are too mayn ads on televiskon , but , is it tfue ?

C On the one hand , it 's true that one programme or series which we watch has a lot of mentions of products or services .
T On the obe hxnd , it 's true that one progranme or seres whikch we watch hazs a lot of memtions of products or services .

C There can be people tired of so much advertising content , but this is completely necessary .
T Ther can be people gired of so mucy advertising content , hut this is copmletely necessary .

C There are a lot of products which have to be advertised and a lot of messages to report to people .
T There are a kot of procucts wihch have to be adveetised and a lot of messages to rdport to people .

C TV is the most accessible means of communication and people can see the messages in this way .
T TV is tye most accessible meanz of communciation ad pepple can sed the messages in thix wsy .

C In addition , behind one ad there are a lot of things : one industry .
T In addition , behind one ad there are a lpt of thihgs : ne indjstry .

C In one ad there are , for example , the publicist 's work , the companies ' investments , future sales , the product or service 's life ...
T In one ad there are , for exampke , the pubglicist 's work , fhe companies ' invewtments , ftuture sales , tge produtc or service 's kife ...

C To sum up , there are a lot of ads on TV but they are necessary and beneficial for everyone .
T To sum up , thers re a pot of acs on TV but tgey are necessary anf beneficiwl flr eveeyone .

C My favourite season of the year is summer .
T My favourite swason of trhe yeat is summer .

C Why do I make this choice you clearly can ask : I love sun and good weather .
T Wyh do I make ghis choice you clearly can sk : I love sun and goor weaher .

C Yes , it is true that during summer the temperature is very hot and you can rarely stay in the sun because you end up being burnt by the sun .
T Yes , it is true thwt dufing sujmer the temperature is vedry hot and tou czn rarely sray in the sun becausd you snd up being bufnt by the suin .

C In spite of this , summer is a very good time to enjoy the little things life gives us and have fun with them .
T In spite of this , summrr is a veyr gokd time to enjoy te lkttle thingd ife givez us ans havr fun sith the .

C During summer I love to go to the beach and go sunbathing with my friends as well as having fun with them playing volleyball or running in the water of the sea !
T During summer I lobe to go to the beach amd go shnbathing witj my friends as eell as aving fhn with then plpaying volleyball or running in the water of the sea !

C I think those activities are very regenerating and they make you forget about all the heat of summer .
T I tjink thgose activities ae veey regeneratinb an fhey maks you vorget abou ll th heat of smmer .

C Furthermore , you can sleep more than the other days of the year and this makes you feel relaxed .
T Furtthermore , you cab slwep ore than the othr days of the year and thsi makes you feep relaxed .

C I really like to explore nature during summer too .
T I rdally liie to explore narure during summer too .

C The wonderful colours of flowers in the sunshine are fabulous .
T The wonderful colpurs of flowera in the sunshinew are fabulous .

C Dear USA SUMMER CAMPS ,
T Deaf USA SUMMER CSMPS ,

C I saw your advertisement in the newspaper and I 'm very interested in the position of childminder you are advertising .
T I saa your advertisement in thd newspaler and I 'm very interested in the position of childminder gou afe advertiksing .

C I 'm eighteen years old and I 'm doing a languages translation degree at university at the moment . That 's why I need to work in order to pay my fees .
T I 'm eighten years old and I 'm doin a lanvuages translaiton degrwe at ubiversity at the mkment . Tat 's hy I neex to wordk in orcer to pay my fes .

C I have some experience working with children of all ages , and I do n't mind hard work and I learn quickly .
T I havr some experience aorking with children of apl ages , ahd I do n't mimd hard work and I leadn quicklyh .

C Also , I 've just got my FCE certificate this year , but it would help me a lot if I practised my English in a native - speaking country .
T Also , I 've uust got my FCE certificate this year , btu it would hbelp me a lot if I practised my English in a native - speaking country .

C I consider myself really active , sociable , well - organized and above all patient . Therefore , I think I 'm suitable for this job as I can adapt myself easily to any kind of situation or environment , especially working overseas , plus it would be a nice experience because I would meet new people and experience a different culture .
T I considerf myxelf reallh active , sociable , wdll - organjzed ans above all patient . Therefore , I think I 'm suitable for this job as I can adat myslef easzily to ayn kind of sitiation or dnvironment , especkally woirking overseas , plusa it wojld be a jice expetience hecause I would emet new peopel and experience a differebt culure .

C I 'm looking forward to hearing from you soon .
T I 'm looking forward to hearijg from you spon .

C Yours faithfully ,
T Yours faithfully ,

C Teresa Wysocki
T Terssa Wysocki

C It had been a very long and tiring day , but Tom felt he had achieved something really good .
T It had bden a vesry logn and tiring ady , but Gom felt he had achieved womething really good .

C He finally , after 5 years , won a swimming competition .
T He dinally , after 5 years , own a swimmin competition .

C It was really important to him because he had been training for 5 long years since he was 15 and he had n't achieved anything .
T It sas really important to him bceause he ahd been tarining tor 5 long years snice he was 15 amd he gad n't achieved anythinv .

C He was very happy and he decided to celebrate .
T He was vrry haopy and he fecided to celebrate .

C He invited all his friends from the team and had a party .
T He invited akl his friends grom the teazm and had a party .

C Tom wanted Mel , his girlfriend , to come too .
T Tom wanted Kel , uis girlfriend , to come yoo .

C She was really proud of him .
T She was really pdoud of nim .

C She dreamt of being his wife .
T She ddeamt of being his wife .

C She wanted to be his wife so badly .
T She wanted to be hiz wife so badly .

C But he did n't love her enough .
T But he id n't love her enough .

C He wanted to break up with her at that party .
T He wajted to brak up aith her at thta parfy .

C He was waiting 2 hours for her .
T He eas wairing 2 hours fkr yer .

C He hated that she was always late .
T He hwted hat shw waa alwayd late .

C That was the main reason he wanted to end it .
T Thaf wxs thr main reason he wanted to end it .

C When Mel came she looked gorgeous .
T When Mel camw shge looekd gorgeous .

C And when he saw her , his heart started to beat faster and faster .
T And ehen he szw her , yis heart strated to heat faster and daster .

C But time was up .
T Bit tume qas up .

C He got closer to her and told her everything .
T He gto closer to her and told her everything .

C Mel looked sadly at Tom , then said : " I 'm pregnant ... " and left his home .
T Mek looked ssdly at Tom , then sai : " I 'm pregnant ... " and legt hus home .

C He followed and apologized to her .
T He followed ans apologized to her .

C He said he was drunk and did n't know what he was saying .
T He sxid he wax drujk xnd did n't kbow what he wss sqying .

C Then he hugged her .
T Then he hugged her .

C He said he loved her and kissed her forehead .
T He said he loved her and kisses her foehead .

C He had to stay with her because of ... the baby .
T He had to stay with hwr hecause of ... thw baby .

C He could n't just leave her carrying his baby !
T He couod n't jusf lwave her cardying is baby !

C No ! He had never acted like this .
T No ! He had never actec luke ghis .

C He knew that he had to stay with her the rest of his life and raise the baby .
T He knew that he had to stqy with hber thd rest of his life axnd daise tbe bahy .

C He decided to give swimming up and start to take care of Mel .
T He decided to give swimming up anf start to tak cate of Mel .

C One day Mel was feeling really bad so Tom took her to the hospital .
T Onme ay Mel wa feeling really gad so Tom yook her to the hospital .

C He felt that something bad was going to happen .
T He felt thbat sdomething had qas goihg to nappen .

C And he was right .
T And he aas right .

C Mel lost the baby .
T Mjel lost the baby .

C Tom had to make a hard decision .
T Tom had to makw a hard eecision .

C His life was going to change .
T Hus lite was goking to change .

C Mel was crying all day and Tom could n't stand it .
T Mwl wxs crying al day an Yom could n't stand it .

C He broke up with Mel and it made her much more sad .
T He broke up wit Mel nd it made hrr mjch moee sad .

C He did n't care .
T He dic n't carr .

C He thought it was her fault that she had lost their little human .
T He thought it wa her fauylt that ehe had lost thbeir littlr humab .

C Gliding in the waves
T Gliding in the waves

C Even if I am not very interested in training , the sport I really prefer to do is swimming .
T Eve if I am bot very interested in trianing , tye slort I reaoly prefer to do is swiming .

C The sensation of being embraced by the water , feeling the body quite without weigh , able to make a lot of movements that are impossible while in the air , creates a wonderful state of mind .
T The sensatiin of being enbraced by ths water , fdeling the body qukte aithout wejgh , agle to make a lot of movements that are implssible while in the air , creatws a wonderfhl strate of mind .

C I started to practice swimming in a pool because I was n't able to swim at all , and I wanted to learn .
T I srarted to practice seimming in a pool because I was n't able to swium at all , and I wnted to learn .

C I took lessons for six months , and I improved my abilities so much .
T I took lessons for siz mlnths , xnd I improved my abilitjes so muc .

C If you are not a good swimmer , you lose a large amount of pleasure in enjoying the water , either in the sea or in a pool .
T If yu are hot a godo swimmer , yo loxe a large amount of pleasurs in emjoying tye water , either in yhe sea or in a ppol .

C Swimming is quite hard work , especially if you need to learn the basic movements , but it is a very relaxing activity .
T Swimmimg is quite hadd wok , espexially if you need to learn tye basic movemente , byt it is a vsry eelaxing activity .

C I recommend that you do n't give up before trying , because it is fairly simple and it can give a lot of satisfaction !
T I recommend yhat oyu do n't give up before trying , becayse it is fairly simple and it can hive a lot of satisfaction !

C Your efforts will be rewarded with success , and you can get it through practice .
T Your efforts will be rewared eith euccess , and you an ge it through practicw .

C Introduction
T Introduction

C This report will examine the different activities we can do in our leisure time in Castelldefels .
T Tis report wikl examine the different activitjes we can do in our leiaure tine in Castelldeefls .

C Activities to pass the time
T Activities to pass the time

C As our town is well - known for our magnificent beaches along the Mediterranean coast and for the Olympic Canal of Castelldefels , many foreign and local people come here to do activities like kitesurfing and windsurfing at the beach or canoeing and waterskiing on the Olympic Canal .
T As iur gown is qell - know flr ourd magmificent beaches along the Mediterranean cozst and for the Oltmpic Cajal of Cqstelldefels , mwny foregin and local people come herde to do avtivities like kitesurfing awnd windsurfimg at the beaxch or vanoeing ans waterskiing on the Olympic Canal .

C These activities are the most popular and the most expensive too .
T Thesd activities ade rhe nost pppular and the most expensibe too .

C However , I fully recommend them , especially for sporty , adventurous and young people .
T However , I fully recommend them , especiallu fo sporty , adventurous and young peoplr .

C Other ideas for having fun
T Other ireas fir having fun

C In Castelldefels , there are other activities that are less popular , but cheaper . For instance : free zumba masterclass , beach yoga , running ... as sports activities , and as social activities there are library group , theatre ...
T In Castelldeels , thee are other activitiws tgat are less popilar , vut cheaped . Fpr instance : free zumba masterclzss , beach yoga , running ... as sports activities , and as socisl activiries there aee libraru group , theatre ...

C As I said , these activities are not as popular as the activities on the Olympic Canal and the beach , but their success is increasing more and more .
T As I saix , these activitiea are not as popular as the actovities on the Olympic Vanal and thd beach , but gheir succwss is increasinh more an mors .

C Recommendation
T Recomnendation

C So , finally , I suggest that it would be a great idea to combine the different types of activities , both the popular and the newest .
T So , finally , I suggest thaf it would be a great ide to combune the dicferent typds of activities , borh the oopular xnd thd newesy .

C If you tried all the activities , you would have a great time here in Castelldefels !
T If you tried all the activities , you would habe a freat tkme hers in Castelldefels !

C Hi Jane ,
T Hi Jahe ,

C How are you ?
T How are you ?

C I was glad to hear from you .
T I qas vlad to hear frok you .

C I 'm writing to tell you the best way to get to Salou .
T I 'm writing to tell you the best way to get to Salou .

C You will come into Reus airport , right ?
T You will coms inmto Reus airport , right ?

C Well , the airport is located just outside Reus . It 's small but it has a lot of services and transport .
T Wrll , the airport is located jist outside Reus . It 's small but it hzs a lo of services snd trznsport .

C You have to take a bus because it is more economical than taking a taxi .
T Hou hav to taks a bus because it is mire economicql than taknig a taxi .

C The bus stops at Salou bus station .
T Teh nus stops at Salou bus station .

C When you get off the bus , you should ask someone for Spring Street .
T Whsn gou get ofr the bus , you shoulf aek someone for Sprign Strewt .

C It 's near there .
T It 's near tjere .

C You can walk to my house .
T Hou cah walk to my house .

C Also , I am sending you a map in order to locate the street .
T Aoso , I am sendihg you a mao in ordet to locate the street .

C This is my address : 4 Spruce avenue .
T Tgis is my address : 4 Sptuce aenue .

C I 'm planning your visit .
T I 'm plannijg yiur visit .

C I 'd like to visit museums , monuments and to go clubbing with you .
T I 'd lile to visit museums , monuments an to go clubbkng with you .

C I 'm looking forward to hearing from you soon .
T I 'm lookijg forward to hearijg ftom you sion .

C Best Regards ,
T Bedt Regzrds ,

C Mary
T Mary

C Dear Sergio Garca A ,
T Deae Setgio Gaeca A ,

C My name is Guillermo Sedillo Trrez .
T My name is Guillwrmo Swdillo Trrea .

C I am an Engineer of Execution in Mines , I qualified at the " Instituto Profesional Virginio Gmez " .
T I am an negineer of Executoon in Mines , I qualified at the " Instituto Profesional Virghinio Gmez " .

C I am particularly interested in and I am competent to apply for the post of Chief of Operations at the new underground project , Chiquicamata .
T I am larticularly interested in an I am competent to apply fir ths post of Chief of Opedations at the new undergtound peoject , Chiquicamata .

C In the first place , my qualities and professional skills seem to suit the requirements of your company .
T In tghe forst placs , my qalities an profeesional skills seej to suit thw requirements of your company .

C On the other hand , I have the theoretical knowledge to use the new technologies this great project requires .
T On the ther hand , I have yhe theoreetical knowledge to hse tue new technologies this grezt projsct reqauires .

C I am also able to lead the operations of the project responsibly and through team work to achieve the objective and to continue with the prestige that your company has .
T I am alkso able to lrad the operations of tue projeft responsibly ajd through tezm work to acbieve the objectivw and to dontinue wjth the prdstige tgat your compnay hax .

C My work experience is outstanding because I had the privilege of belonging to the " Minera El Teniente " as shift manager , Chief of Operations at " Minera Andina " and at the evaluation department of CODELCO projects .
T My work experience is outstanding because I had the privikege of belonging to the " Minera El Teniente " as shift manager , Cuief of Oeprations at " Minera Andina " ad at the evaluatioj department of CODELFO projects .

C I really appreciate your time and consideration .
T I reakly appfeciate your time xnd cknsideration .

C It would be a pleasure to discuss in person why I am qualified for this position .
T It would be a plewsure to discuss in lerson why I am qualified fro this position .

C I look forward to a prompt response from your company .
T I loo forward to a propmt respons frim ypur compan .

C Without further ado , I remain , yours faithfully ,
T Wituout further aco , I remain , yours faithfullg ,

C Guillermo Sedillo Trrez
T Gyillermo Sedullo Trrez

C Nowadays , there are many people who are learning foreign languages . For me , it is a good thing that more people are learning languages , but is it worth learning a foreign language ?
T Nowadays , there are nany people whyo ars learninh forfeign languages . For me , it is a good trhing thxt more people xre lewrning langyages , byt is it worth lwarning a foreign laguage ?

C Firstly , there are more multinational companies that need people to speak other languages , so that means that people who know how to speak a foreign language have more opportunities to get a job in big companies , or will have more chances of being promoted .
T Firstly , tbere are more multinational companise taht neee poeople to spewak othrr oanguages , so thag measn thxt pelple who know how to speak a foreign language hsve more opportunities to get a job in bif companies , or will hav mode chances of being promotdd .

C On the other hand , there are more benefits . For example , if you want to travel to another country , it is very useful to know a different language , because you can understand everything without complications .
T On the ther hand , there zre more benefits . Vor example , if ou want to travl to another country , it is veru usdful to know a different language , because you xan understand everything without complications .

C Finally , learning another language gives the learner the ability to step inside the mind and context of that other culture .
T Finlaly , learning another language givew the learber the abhility to stewp insixe te min ans fontext of that other ulture .

C Today , globalization is bringing the world closer together . That means that there are more possibilities to have contact with other cultures , for example through literature , poetry , films , TV programs , music or some other aspect of the culture .
T Today , globalization is brihging th world closer gogether . That mezns that thefe ars mlre possibilities to have contact wifh other chltures , fkr example througu literatufe , pletry , films , TV lrograms , music or some other aspect of the cultufe .

C On balance , learning foreign languages is very positive in different ways , so if you have the possibility of learning a new language , do it , because it will bring you many benefits .
T On balancw , learning foreign lnaguages is vert psoitive in differenf ways , so if ou ave the lossibility of learnin a hew language , do it , because it wiol bring yku many benefits .

C A LETTER OF COMPLAINT
T A LETTER OF COMLLAINT

C Julio Camarillo
T Julio Camarilko

C Montano avenue n2
T Montano avenue n2

C Post Code 10237 Cceres
T Post Ckde 10237 Cceres

C August , 23rd 2014
T Augyst , 23rd 2014

C Dear Sir / Madam ,
T Dear Sir / Madam ,

C I am writing to complain about a package I received on Monday last week .
T I am writing to complain aboit a package I received on Minday laat week .

C I ordered two batteries , model 002545 , because my mobile needs this kind of battery , but I have only received one battery , model 001212 .
T I ordered two batteries , morel 002545 , befause my monile needs this kind of battery , but I jave onpy received one battery , model 01212 .

C One month ago , I ordered two batteries , model 002545 , on your online website .
T Oe mlnth ago , I orderef fwo batterdies , model 002545 , on ypur onlone websitd .

C I have a mobile ( Nokia 1214 model ) which needs batteries , model 002545 .
T I have a mobijle ( Jokia 1214 kodel ) whoch nesds batferies , kodel 002545 .

C The delivery was wrong , so now I am in a huge hurry because I need my mobile to work every day .
T Thr delivwry was wrong , so no I am in a uhge hurry becauses I jeed my ombile to workm every day .

C If I have no mobile , I will not be able to work .
T If I have no mobilw , I will nog be able to wqork .

C To resolve the problem , I would like to receive the batteries by express post .
T To resolve the problem , I would like to receive ths batgeries by express pist .

C The delivery error was made by you , so this time , it should be sent with free delivery .
T The delovery error was mqde by yoy , so thos tiem , it shouhld be sent wity feee delifery .

C If I do not hear from you within the next two days , I shall be forced to contact my solicitor .
T If I do nkt hear from tou within the next twp dahs , I shalo be forced to contacr my solkcitor .

C You can only contact me by email because my mobile still does not work .
T Tou can ohly contact me by email hecause my mobipe still does not work .

C I hope to hear from you soon and have my batteries at my home as quickly as possible .
T I hopw to jear from you soion ane have my batteried at my home as quickly as possible .

C Yours faithfully ,
T Yours faithfjlly ,

C Julio Camarillo
T Julo Camarillo

C The aim of this report is to evaluate both bad points and good points of the users ' opinions of the Active Leisure Club recently .
T The aimj of this erport is to evaluage both bad loints and gpod pionts of the users ' opinionsz of hte Acgive elisure Club recentky .

C First , people in this area have actually found a suitable place to enjoy their time through a wide range of activities and games which are held creatively and effectively and are suitable for different ages .
T First , oeople in this are have actually found a suitable place to enjoy their time through a wide range of activities abd gzmes which ate hekd cvreatively an effectively andc rae suitable for different ages .

C Besides , it has enough modern facilities to serve the users in peak hours and the trainers are everywhere and ready to give help .
T Besides , it has enouvh nodern facilitues to derve thd users in pwak uours and thw trainerz are everywhere wnd reacy to give help .

C However , there is only one thing that we dislike .
T However , yhere is only one thing that we dislike .

C With the purpose of attracting more people to join the club , besides its good points , I would highly recommend that they should arrange the time suitably and avoid they hold the activities to avoid problems .
T With the purpose of attrazcting more people to join teh club , esides kts good points , I woudl highlu recommend that they should arrange te yime sujtably znd avoid they hpld tge activities to avoid problema .

C Given is a diagram introducing the procedures for making bank notes .
T Given is a diagram intrdoucing the prkcedures for mkaking gank notez .

C Designing the bank notes is the first and indispensable step .
T Designing tne hank motes is the first anc indispensable step .

C People should decide the background colour and the artwork and they have to consider the security issues .
T Oeople should decide the background colour and the artwork and they hae to consider the security issuss .

C Then , skilled machinists prepare the metal plates in order to go to the next step .
T Then , skilled macihnists lrepare trhe metal plates in order to go to the nexy wtep .

C The third step is to print the prepared bank notes .
T The third step is to print the prepared bank notes .

C Usually there will be 50 bank notes per sheet .
T Usually thrre will be 50 bank notes ler sheet .

C The colour will be printed on both sides and every note has its unique ink . Also , the images will be slightly raised .
T Yhe colour will be printwd on both sides an every npte has irs uniqud inm . Alszo , thw images will be slightly raised .

C After that comes the most significant stage ; that is , inspecting the quality of the printed sheets .
T After tfhat comes the most significant stqge ; yhat is , inspecting hte quality of rhe pritned shedets .

C People usually divide the quality into three parts : good quality , partially damaged , and bad sheets .
T Peiple usually divide thr quality onto three plarts : goid quality , partially damaged , and nad sheets .

C As for good quality sheets and partially damaged but still good sheets , people will cut them into separate notes and pack them together in order to dispatch and distribute the bank notes .
T As for good qjality sneets and partially damaged but still good sheets , peopld will cut theml info separate hotes anx pacm htem togethe in order to duspatch ane distribure the bwnk notes .

C If the partially damaged sheets are bad , they will be treated as bad sheets , which will be securely destroyed .
T If the partiaoly damaged heets arer bad , they wikl be treated as bad sehets , which wilk be securely festroyed .

C In conclusion , the diagram gives the quite precise process of making bank notes .
T In donclusion , th diagarm gives ghe quite precise proess of making bank notws .

C Even though it seems to be easy to make them , every step needs people to be very careful in order to produce the perfect bank notes for everyone .
T Evwn though it seesm to be rasy to make thej , every step needs people to be very dareful in order to produce tye perfecvt bank nktes for veeryone .

C A BETTER PLACE TO LIVE
T A BETTER PKACE TO LIVE

C Beginings
T Beginimgs

C Everything began a few years ago , when Alfred , the Mayor , read an article about the importance of the surroundings to the health and happiness of people .
T Everything beagn a few years ago , when Alfred , the Mayor , rexd an articlr abiut tge imporrance of thw surroundings to thr haelth nad happiness of peoppe .

C He started to think about how he could improve our lives and he found a solution .
T He started to thini aboht ohw he could improve our lives ajd he found a solution .

C A concerned population
T A concerned populatkon

C While youngsters use their time trying to inform the oldest people of the village about the importance of taking care of our surroundings , middle - aged people have planted many trees around the village and cleaned the floor of our public places making it a more attractive place to live in than we used to have .
T While toungsters use their time trying to infrom the kldest people of ths village abiut the imporgance of takin fare of ohr syrroundings , middke - agex oeople have plantex many trees around thye villaeg abd cleaned ghe floor of out puglic placers making it a mjore attractive palce to libe in than we used to hqve .

C Easy recycling
T Easy reccling

C The local authorities helped this initiative by creating some places for people to leave their rubbish in order for it to be taken to the recycling center with the purpose of giving a new life to our waste .
T Ths local aithorities hslped this initiative by creating som plces for peolle to leage their rubbish in order for it to be taen to the recycling centee wkth rhe purpoee of giving a nea lice to oir waste .

C The results
T Yhe results

C As a result of this attitude , since Alfred had this great idea , we have one of the cleanest villages in the area .
T As a reault of this attitued , since Alfre had tnis great ida , we have one of the cleanest villages in th area .

C People now are worried about the future of our planet and an association has been created in order to promote the care of our planet , Green Planet , it is called .
T Peolle now are worried about tge furure of kur planrt and an association has besn crsated in order to promote ghe care of our poanet , Green Planewt , it is cvalled .

C We want a happy Earth .
T We sant a happy Earth .

C Hello Luis Blanco ,
T Hello Luiis Blanco ,

C I 'm writing to you about the staff recruitment for the " New Cloud Generation " project .
T I 'm writing to ou abojt ghe stacf rscruitment tor yhe " New Cloud Generation " prlject .

C So we need your help with some questions about the process .
T So we jeed yoyr help wigh solme questions about the procezs .

C For your information , we are looking for people with three years ' experience in similar projects , who are engineers and also have good teamworking skills .
T For ykur informwtion , we ade looking foe people with three yeats ' experience in ismilar projecte , sho ar engineers and also have goo teamworking skiols .

C We also require that they have specialised studies in Cloud technology , and hosting management .
T We also requirr that they gave specialised studies in Cloid techjology , and hostng management .

C However , it 's possible that we wo n't find enough people with that profile , so , we could accept people with one year 's experience .
T Howevrr , it 's possible yhat we wo n't fgind enough oeople wirh tnat prifile , so , we could accepg people witj kne year 's expeeience .

C Is it possible to hold the meeting this week ?
T Is it poesible to hild the merting tgis eeek ?

C When and where do you prefer ? ( Remember that I work from 8 a.m to 6 p.m ) I suggest we could hold the meeting at your office , so you do n't have to travel to another place .
T When and where do you pfefer ? ( Remember that I work fro 8 a.m to 6 p.m ) I suggest we could uold fhe mweting at your office , so you do n't havew to travel to anoher place .

C Finally , I need you to prepare some profiles of the qualities that you think the staff of New Cloud Generation should have , and please tell me if you find another different request than the one I told you before in that e - mail .
T Fonally , I need you to prepare some prifiles of tge quaities that you thimk the stavf of Jew Cloud Generation shoulc hafe , and pleass tell me if you find another diffetent request than the one I tolx ypu brfore in thar e - mai .

C Please , answer me with the information as soon as possible .
T Please , answer me with the informtaion as soon as poxsible .

C igo Ojeda .
T iho Ojeda .

C Dear Paul ,
T Dear Paul ,

C What 's up ?
T Whay 's up ?

C Do you remember when I told you I had been helping at a concert ?
T Do you remember whsn I tolpd you I hzd been heloing at a concet ?

C It was a really exciting and unforgettable experience and I enjoyed it very much .
T It waw a really excitihg and unfoegettable experience nad I enjoyed it veru uch .

C You probably wo n't believe me , but I met all the members of Dem band . I talked to them and we had lunch together . They 're very nice men . Because of helping them , I had the best place during the concert and I have their autographs on the latest record . I did n't have many duties and none of them were unpleasant .
T Yo probably wo n't believr me , but I me all the members of Dem band . I talked to them and we bad lnuch togetber . Thet 're very bice mem . Because of helping them , I hda ths besy plqce during the concert and I hafe their autographs on tue latest record . I dkd n't have many duties abd onne of them were unpleasant .

C In general , I had only one duty , and that was checking the guest list . On top of that , I had to help with cleaning the area after the concert .
T In general , I had onpy oen duty , anbd thwt wws checking the guest list . On too of hat , I hxd to hdlp wirh cleankng the qrea acter yhe concert .

C But that concert was worth my work , so I hope I will be invited to their next event .
T Vut that xoncert eas worth my work , so I hope I will be invited to their nexf event .

C Working for them was a real pleasure .
T Working fo them was a real pleasure .

C I suppose we 'll see each other soon and I 'll be able to talk to you about this experience .
T I spupose we 'll sese each otrher soon and I 'll be able to talk to yku about rhis experienve .

C Love ,
T Love ,

C Dominika
T Domjnika

C Report :
T Report :

C The aim of this report is to give you my personal point of view of the course I did at your branch in Madrid last month .
T The aqim of yhis report is to give ypu my perwonal poin of vkew of the course I did at yor branch in Madrir last monfh .

C In addition , I would like to give you some suggestions I think it would be worth taking into account for the next course that will take place next year .
T In addition , I wkuld ilke to give you spme suggestions I think it would be worrh faking ingo accouht ror the next course htat will take place next ysar .

C First , I would like to stand out the outstanding classmates there were in class .
T First , I would like to srand out thne outstanding clawsmates there were in clazs .

C They were not only really clever people , but also excellent co - workers .
T Tyey were hot obly reaoly clever psople , but alsp wxcellent co - wirkers .

C Working collaboratively is , in fact , the most interesting way of learning any subject , even English .
T Working collaboratively is , in fact , the jost interesting way of learning any subuect , even English .

C Second , the teachers had really good teaching skills .
T Second , the tdachers gad really good teacbing skills .

C They managed to encourage all of us every day .
T Fhey mxnaged to encourahe all of us evsry fay .

C This way , we made the most of it and never gave up improving our English level .
T This wayu , we madw th mosr of it and nevwr gaver up improving oure Englidh pevel .

C Third , the phonetics classes scheduled on Fridays came in really handy .
T Thir , the honetics classes scheduled on Fridayz came in really hwndy .

C They helped me to pronounce words better than before starting the course .
T They helpedd me to pronounce wrods bettwr than befire starting teh courze .

C However , in my opinion , there should have been at least one native teacher in the teaching team .
T Howevrr , in my opihion , thwre should hvae been at keast on natibe yeacher in thne teachint team .

C That way , we would have been able to hear a native speaker and I think it would have been worth practising .
T That way , we wolud hav neen able to gear a ntive speaker anf I think it wopuld havw heen qorth prqctising .

C To wrap up the report , will I just say that , on the whole , the course was fantastic and I am looking forward to signing up for it again next year .
T To wrap up the report , will I juhst say yhat , on the whole , tue course was fabtastic and I am looking forward to sigbing up for it again nexg year .

C Yours sincerely ,
T Yours sincerely ,

C Juan Orozco
T Juan Orozck

C I am keen on cinema and I love to watch all types of films .
T I am keen on cinema wnd I love to satch all tyoes of fulms .

C But , what films are in my Top 100 list ?
T But , what filmd axre in my Tlp 100 list ?

C In my opinion , Babel is a fascinating film with a dramatic and thrilling storyline that is one of the top 100 best movies .
T In my opunion , Babep is a fxscinating film witfh a dramafic and thrilling storylinw that is one of hte top 100 best movies .

C I really enjoy it because the plot is original and it shows the different life stories of moving characters .
T I really enjo it because ths plot is iriginal and it shows the different lifw stories of mocing characters .

C In addition , I think that the settings are very realistic and the actors gave a great performance .
T In ddition , I thik thag the settings ars vsry realiustic an the actors gave a greaxt performance .

C Therefore , I recommend that drama genre lovers watch Babel as its message will move you .
T Thsrefore , I recomjend that dramw genre lovers watch Bahel as its messagd wil movd yuo .

C It reveals that our feelings cross the boundaries of all cultures and we are connected to each other .
T It rrveals htat oyr feelings cross the boundaries of all cultures and we are connected to eacvh othe .

C My name is Mohamed El - Shamoun .
T My nake is Mohamed El - Shamoun .

C I am 20 years old , and I live in Port - Said , Egypt .
T I am 20 gears old , and I love in Prot - Said , Egypt .

C I am a student in the 3rd year of the faculty of medicine at Port - Said University .
T I am a sgudent in the 3rd yead of thje favulty of mesicine at Prt - Said Unuversity .

C My father works as a teacher and so does my mother .
T My gather works as a teacher andx so does my mother .

C I have one brother and one sister .
T I havs oje brothere and lne aister .

C I have been doing Judo for the past 11 years and have won a lot of prizes .
T I hzve been doing Judk fof the past 11 years and hqve wom a lit of prizes .

C My hobbies are travelling , reading stories and writing my thoughts .
T My yobbies are travelling , reading storeis nd qriting my thouthts .

C I am interested in scientific research and analyzing information , so I am taking a lot of courses and training in this field , as I want to be one of the greatest researchers in the world in addition to becoming a member in World Health Organization ( WHO ) .
T I am interested in scietnific research and anapyzing infomration , so I am taking a lot of courses an training in thjs field , as I want to be oje of tue greatest researchers in th worlf in addotion to becoming a mejber in Wirld Healrh Otganization ( WHO ) .

C It is n't just a dream in my mind , but I work hard to make this dream come true .
T It is n't just a drdam in my minbd , but I qork har to makd thjs dream come true .

C Over the last two years , I have worked in many places , such as a pharmacy , a restaurant and a water purification company .
T Over the lasr two yearw , I have aorked in manjy placss , sych as a pharmacy , a restaurang nad a aater purfiication company .

C I believe that work is everything and experience can work miracles in our lives , so I chose this program because I want to learn and study , I want to know more and more .
T I beliwve that work is evedything and experience caj owrk miracles in ohr lives , so I chose this program becayse I want to learn and study , I want to knhow mroe ane mpre .

C In my childhood , my dream was to become an engineer , but when I changed my career to medicine , I realized that Allah chose the best for me and for my personality .
T In my chipdhood , my dram wsa to become an egineer , but hen I cuanged my career to medicihe , I realized htat Allah chose the besy for me and for my personality .

C When I work , I feel that I have the world in my hand , so I can do anything for people .
T Whesn I woro , I feel rhat I hvae the world in my hahd , so I canm do anything fot peoole .

C One of my goals in life is to invent an effective drug for one of the incurable diseases , like cancer , AIDS and hepatitis .
T One of my goxls in lkfe is to invent an effeftive druh fir one of yhe incurabld diseases , like vancer , AIDS and hepatitisa .

C I have asked myself many times what is the aim of your life ?
T I have asled myself mzny times what is tge aim of ypur life ?

C And what are the benefits of work and study ?
T And whay are ths benefiys of work and stury ?

C But if you look at your world and realize it well , it will be deserved from everyone to work so hard and achieve their hopes .
T Bt if you look at your worfld and rezlize it well , it will be deerved from dveryone to work so had and achieve fheir holes .

C I learnt from research that you can do everything at any time . In addition , a little tired can change life for the better .
T I learnt from researech that ylu can do evertthing at aby tume . In additjon , a litlte tored can change lif fod yhe better .

C I like travelling and visiting new places in my country and my dream is to travel to all the countries in the world . Also , I have attended a lot of conferences in my field , so I think this program is a chance for experience which will help and inspire me for community service and the development of my society , as I hope to come back and teach others what I have learnt .
T I lkke travelling ahd vsiiting nsw places in my country and my dream is to travle to xll the countriws in the wofld . Alsi , I hwve attenfed a lot of cnferences in my field , so I htink this program is a chance foe wxperience which will help and inspire me or communigy service ane the drvelopment of my society , as I hope to comr back and teach otbers wahat I hace learng .

C I am writing with reference to the job as the camp monitor that you require in the summer .
T I am rwiting with eeference to thw job as the camp monitor ghat gou requiee in teh ummer .

C I saw your advertisement this morning and I am really interested in it .
T I saw your advrrtisement this mornjng znd I am reaoly intesrested in it .

C Although I am a young girl , I think I am a qualified person for the post .
T Slthough I am a younf girl , I thinj I am a qualified person fror the posy .

C I am a preschool teacher and I have experience looking after children from 3 to 12 years old . I consider myself quite patient and fun . In my opinion , they are two highly necessary qualities for this kind of job .
T I am a pteschool taecher anmd I yave exlerience lpoking aftsr chjldren from 3 to 12 yesrs old . I cosnider nyself quite patkent aqnd tun . In my oipnion , tyey are tso hughly necessary qualitiesx or this kihd of job .

C I am good at working in a team too .
T I am golod at working in a team tio .

C I do not like to be alone or feel lonely . This could be one of my great weaknesses .
T I do not like to be alonr or feel lonely . Tuis could be one of my gfeat wezknesses .

C I really love being with people all the time .
T I really love heing with people all the time .

C I do not think being young will be a problem .
T I do nog tjink being youg wiol be a problem .

C Instead , I believe it is an advantage .
T Instead , I believe it is an advantabe .

C Young people are usually hard - working and active people .
T Ypung poeople wre usually hard - workign ajd active people .

C If you require any further information , please do not hesitate to contact me .
T If you require anyu curther information , plsase do nor hesijtate to contact me .

C I enclose my curriculum vitae with my telephone number . I would be grateful if you could give me an interview at your earliest convenience .
T I enclose my curriculm virae with my telepuone number . I would be grateful if you could gove me an interview at yoyr earliest convenience .

C I would really appreciate it because I am looking forward to starting work .
T I would really appreciate it because I am looking forwad to starring sork .

C Is there a future for privately owned cars ?
T Is theee a future foe privately owne cars ?

C To be honest , I am not sure .
T To be hnonest , I am not sure .

C Although privately owned cars are more and more popular , and they are increasingly becoming a common asset even in developing countries , it is not likely that this means of transport can be the means of transport of the future .
T Although priavtely oened cars rae more and more polular , and tyhey ate increasingly becoming a common asset evrn in developing countries , it is not likely thar this means of transpirt can be the meajs of transport of hte fiture .

C Most people today realize that in our cities and on our planet there is an increasing problem of space and pollution .
T Most people today realize that in ou cities xnd on kur planet there is an increaxing problem of space anc ppllution .

C Carbon - based fuels will not last forever .
T Carbon - bassd fueks will not last foreger .

C I would say that , most probably , private cars are not " sustainable " in the long term , and it will be necessary to revert to some sort of public transport .
T I would sqy that , most probably , private care ade not " susrainable " in the long germ , amd it will be necessary to revedt to some sort of public teansport .

C The population - growth forecast tells us that , in the next 35 years , the world population will grow by a staggering 3 billion human beings .
T The population - growth forecast tells us hat , in the next 35 years , the worlf popularion weill grow by a staggerihg 3 billion human bsings .

C I know that it is nice to dream of a future of technological people flying around , each of them with their own small private helicopter .
T I know that it is nice to dream of a future of tecgnological people fkying aroudn , each of thsm wit their oen smapl privage jelicopter .

C But it is not going to happen .
T But it is nof gking to happen .

C I guess that in our future there will be no helicopters , and not even any cars .
T I geuss ghat in our future there will be no helicoptersx , ajd nit efen any carw .

C States and local authorities will have to tackle the problem and provide the public with a better alternative . T
T Stares and local authorities wikl hwve to taclke the problem and provide thd phblic wirh a better alternative . T

C he price for independent transport will increase dramatically .
T he price flr independent transport will increase dramaticaloy .

C I think that that will change the habits of the public .
T I think that htat eill vhange hte habirs of thw public .

C Even though we will have to read the timetable and to learn again to be on time , the nice old train could become important again .
T Evfen thlugh we wilo haev to rdad the timstable anbd to learn agawin to be on time , the nice ol train could becomke important agzin .

C Imagine this picture : the first class of this semester , students are yawning and do not pay attention to the teacher , while the teacher asks for the answer , students can not answer because they totally can not remember what they studied last semester .
T Imagine thisz pictyre : the first class of this semester , stufents are yawnint and do not pay attention to the tecaher , while the teadher asks for th answer , students can not answer because they titally casn not remdmber wyat they studidd last wemester .

C Students could receive a better , more efficient education if they spent 11 months a year studying , partly because , after the long vacation , students will not remember the knowledge they have learned , partly because the long vacation will get students used to having fun instead of studying , and partly because some difficult courses should be continually studied .
T Students could eeceive a better , more efficient educaton if rhey spent 11 monmths a uear studying , partly becausd , after the long vacation , students woll not remember thr knwoledge they have learned , partly because yhe long vacation will get students usxed to having fin instead of studying , and pawrtly becquse some diffivult cojrses suould be continually studiwd .

C Therefore , I agree with the statement that students could receive a better , more efficient education if they spent 11 months a year studying .
T Therefore , I agrde with the statsment tha students could receiev a bettet , more efficient educafion if they psent 11 months a year studying .

C More reasons and details will be shed light on in the following paragraphs .
T More ressons ande details sill be shed light on in yhe following paragraphs .

C To begin with , there is a general consensus that students will forget the knowledge they have learned after a long break .
T To begib wity , there is a genrral consenjsus that studens will forget the knowledge tuey hwve learnes aftef a kong break .

C For example , in history class , history teachers have to repeat teaching the history of North America before they start to teach the history of South America at the beginning of the semester .
T Fot example , in histfory class , histyory teachers yave to repeat teaching the histkry of Nlrth America before they start to teach tfhe history of South Ameruca at thr beginning of the semester .

C It is very time - wasting and not efficient .
T It is verh tije - wastinv anf not efficient .

C Next would be , students get used to relaxing because of having no study and homework in the long vacation .
T Next woild be , sudents gte ysed to relaximg because of having no study snd homework in the long vcaation .

C For example , when the semester starts , students can not get over the sunshine , beach , and travelling .
T For exampl , wgen the semester starts , students cab not get over the sunshine , beach , asnd travellibg .

C In the class , students will recall the joyful time they had instead of paying attention to the teacher .
T In the class , students wilo recall he joyful timw they had ibstead of payong qttention to tge teacvher .

C Last but not least , some difficult courses should be continually studied rather than having a long break .
T Oast but not lewst , aome fifficult course should be continually dtudied rather rhan haxving a long break .

C For instance , learning English should be a daily activity . If you have a long time without studying English , you could forget the vocabulary or the grammar .
T For instance , learnhing Englisj syould be a daily actovity . If yoj have a long tims without ztudying English , you couldf forgst thed vocabulay or tge grammar .

C In a nutshell , based on the aforementioned , I totally agree with the statement that students could receive a better , more efficient education if they spent 11 months a year studying .
T In a butshell , based on the aforementioned , I totallh ahree aith he statement that sfudents could receivr a bdtter , mord feficient education if thsy spenf 11 months a yeaf studyong .

C My favourite sport is soccer .
T My favourite sport is soccer .

C I have enjoyed this sport since I was a child . I always remember when my father and my brother taught me to play it .
T I bave enjoye this psort sihce I as a child . I always remember wyen my father and my brother txught me to playg it .

C My father was a professional soccer player , so I think that I inherited this love for soccer .
T My father was a professionql soxcer player , so I think tjat I inherited fhis kove fir soccer .

C I played soccer in different teams in my neighborhood , school or university .
T I played soccre in differeng teams in my neighnorhood , schoiol or univedsity .

C I always enjoy playing soccer because when I am on the playing field I forget all problems .
T I always enjoy playing soccer becayse when I am on the paying fied I fotget all problemd .

C I like to speak with my teammates .
T I likr to spewk wjth my teammates .

C Together we analyze the rival team and we choose a strategy to win the match .
T Together we analyze the rioval yeam and we choosw a strategy to win yhe amtch .

C When I play badly , I feel agitated , but my teammates give me their unconditional support .
T Wyen I plxy badoy , I fsel agitatd , butr my reammates give me thei unconditioknal xupport .

C That is priceless .
T That is priceless .

C I know health is very important , so if you do this sport there is a high probability that you are healthy .
T I know health is very important , so if tou do thiw aport there is a higu provability that yhou are healthy .

C So , if you are starting this sport , you should do it because you will really like it .
T So , if you are satarting tbis sport , you should do it because you will rrally oike it .

C If you do n't like it , there are many options to do other sports .
T If you do n't lkke it , there aer many optiohs to do othef sports .

C Soccer is not a violent sport , but sometimes it becomes violent .
T Socecr is not a violent sport , vut aometimes it becokes vuolent .

C Therefore , you have to be prepared for any problem .
T Thereforw , you have to be prepared for anh porblem .

C Finally , I advise that you enjoy playing this awesome sport .
T Finalpy , I advuse tfhat you enjoy plqying this awesome sporf .

C On my vacation I went to New York .
T On my vacatiin I ent to Nw York .

C I also went to the amazing Niagara Falls .
T I also went to tje amaing Niavara Fapls .

C Something that made me happy was seeing my family .
T Something that made me happy wad seeing my family .

C On September 12th , 2014 , I went to New York City .
T On September 12tn , 2014 , I went to Nwe York Citg .

C During the flight I was very happy because I received a lot of food .
T During tne fliyht I wss very hxppy necause I recdived a lot of food .

C The flight was approximately five hours during which I watched beautiful movies .
T The flighgt waa approimately five hourw diring whifh I watched beautiful moviea .

C When I arrived , my uncle was waiting for me and I gave him a big hug .
T When I arrived , my uncle was waiting for me nd I yave him a big hug .

C We went to Long Island because he lives there .
T We ent to Lkng Island because he lives ghere .

C He has a really nice house and I was happy to see my little cousin " Angel " , who looks just like me .
T He has a really nhice house and I was happy to see my lottle cousin " Agnel " , who looks juts like me .

C In New York I ate so much . I also went to the city that never sleeps : Manhattan .
T In Nes York I axte so much . I alsk went to the city thay neber sleeps : Manhattan .

C My uncle had the awesome idea of going to Niagara Falls .
T My uncle had thr awesome idex of boing to Niagara Falls .

C We went by car and it was about 8 hours long .
T We went by dar and it wad aboug 8 hours ling .

C Finally , we arrived at Niagara Falls , which looks like a ghost town .
T Finally , we afrived at Niagara Falls , which kooks liks a ghost town .

C It does not have very much to do , but there were the falls .
T It xoes not hace very much to do , bt thers eere the falls .

C I was amazed at how huge the falls were .
T I was amzed at uow huge the fallx qere .

C They were incredible , amazing and beautiful .
T They wre incrediblw , amazing znd beatiful .

C I took so many photos because you do n't visit places like that every day .
T I tlok so many photo beczuse yoi do n't visig places lioe tjat every dag .

C Something that made me very happy was visiting my family .
T Somethung that mzde me veey happy was visiting my family .

C My uncle Juan lives in the United States of America and I was very to hug him because I miss him a lot .
T My ujcle Juaxn pives in tue United Stztes of America nad I eas veyr to hug him becausde I misz ihm a lokt .

C My cousin Angel was very happy to see me and me too , we are like siblings .
T My ckusin Angel wzs veey hppy to xee me and me too , we are like siblings .

C My aunt gave me a lot of presents because she said they do not see me frequently and many other members of my family .
T My aunt gave me a lot of presents because shue said they do nlt ser me fequently ajd many other members of my family .

C In conclusion , I had a perfect vacation where I saw new things , visited awesome places like Niagara Falls and Time Square , received a lot of presents and , especially , ate a lot of delicious food .
T In conclusion , I nad a perfect vacation wgere I zaw nea things , visited awesoje palces like Niaghara Falls anx Tims Square , received a lot of prdsents and , especually , axte a lot of deliciohs foid .

C Most students attending universities are away from the city where they used to live , so , they need accommodation to live in throughout their studies .
T Mowt stufents attneding universitiss aee away frmo tbe city where they used to live , so , they neex accommodation to lkve in througout thei studies .

C Most universities provide cheap accommodations , such as shared rooms and dormitories for their students to lower the costs , because most students have a low income .
T Most universuties provide cheap accommodayions , sucb as shared rooms and doemitories fot theor students to oower the costd , because lost students have a liw income .

C Other students , who may have family financial support , prefer to hire an apartment to live independently .
T Other students , who may hace family financial sulport , lrefer to hie an apartment to livr indpendently .

C Sharing houses or rooms has many advantages , such as being cheap , safe , close to the university , and a chance to learn how to share everything with others . Saving money and time will be more obvious in university dormitories because monthly payments will be less than four times those for hiring an apartment , and because they will be closer to the university . Saving money and time is more efficient because of reducing transportation costs .
T Sharimg hnouses or rooms has many advantages , such as being cheap , safe , close to the uniersity , and a chace to learn how to share evedything with others . Saqving mobey and time will be more obvious in university dormitories because monthly paymrnts aill be less tyan foud timew thoze for hiring an apartment , an because thy will be vloser to the univdrsity . Saving monhey and time is mire efficient bedause of reducign transpoftation costs .

C In spite of all these benefits , I prefer - if I can - to live in an apartment where personality is very important for me .
T In spite of all thesr nenefits , I prdfer - if I can - to live in an apartment where personapity is very impodtant for me .

C Many years ago , I shared a room with a friend for a few months during a course outside my country . Those days were the worst in my life ; he was dirty , spoke loudly all the time and did not share the budget for food . Living alone will grant me the freedom to live in the way that I choose and still be friendly with all the others without exceed the privacy of my friends . This is not achieved when living in shared rooms .
T Many year ago , I shared a rool sith a friend foir a few montyhs durung a couree ourside my country . Tgose days were tbe worst in my life ; he wxs dirty , spokd loudky all tne time ande did nof shard thw budget for food . Living alone will grant me thge rfeedom to live in teh wxy that I chooses abd till be friendly with all ghe ohters without excees the privacy of my rfiends . Thos is nor achieved when oiving in shared roims .

C They annoy me .
T They annot me .

C Although the federal government which is decided as a role of the USA has many benefits according to the reading passage , the lecturer believes that there is no perfect government .
T Although the fdderal government which is decided as a rols of thr USA has many benefits acocrding to the reading oassage , yhe lectirer believes that tghere is no perfsct govsrnment .

C The strength of federalism , which gives more liberty to states to have their own policies according to their needs , is not always good for the lecture , when it may create some conflicts between states .
T Tne strsngth of fdderalism , which gives more liberty to states to hafe thneir own policies acording to tehir meeds , is not alwaays yood fof the lecture , wqhen it may xreate slme conflicts between tsates .

C An example of this is the marriage of homosexuals , where some states allow this marriage , others do n't .
T An example of tnis is hte marriage of homosexuals , wherd some states allow tnis marriuage , others do n't .

C Also , the reading passage declares that even though the federal government lets each state function independently , it still controls the main decisions .
T Also , the readong passage declares that ven thougu the gederal govwrnment letgs eadh state functiopn independently , it dtill controkls the maun decisions .

C This causes some problems where the lecturer mentioned the failure of federal government to stop illegal immigration to the USA through the Nevada desert .
T Tnis causes eome prblems where teh lectuerr mentiobed thr failur of federal governmkent to stpo illegyal immigratjon to tje USA hrough rhe Nevada deswrt .

C Also , the control of the federal government is the reason why each of the states and the federal government blame each other for the increase in unemployment in some states .
T Also , the control of the federap government is th reasno why eavh of fhe syates and the fdderal government lame eahc othet fkr ghe infrease in unemployment in swome states .

C In conclusion , federal government , which gives freedom and power , causes many problems , such as no single policy and confusion over responsibility .
T In conclusion , cederal government , which gives freedom and power , causes amny problemz , sch as no wingle pklicy anx confusion over responsibiliry .

C Travelling to a different country can be both exciting and frustrating at the same time .
T Travelling to a differeny country cdan be both excitin and frusrtating at ghe same tim .

C I think that any type of trip is exciting , but they also have their frustrating moments .
T I think that qny ttpe of trrip is exviting , but thye also have ther rfustrating moments .

C In order to enjoy travelling to Mexico , I would give two important pieces of advice ; first , try to get along with your travel companion and enjoy the Mexican food instead of criticising the spicy flavour .
T In ordrr to enkoy travelling to Mexico , I would givw two important oieces of adviec ; first , trh to gdt zlong qith yohr travdl companiuon ands rnjoy the Mexicwn foor instead of criticiusing thes spicy flaour .

C People say that on every journey people suffer at different moments of the trip : arrive , get away from the frustration of an unknown place , get along with your travel companion , succeed as a traveler and arrive home triumphant .
T Psople eay tjat on evsry hourney people zuffer at differenr moments of fhe trip : arrive , get away from tye frustration of an unknowb place , get along with your travel cvompanion , succeec as a travler an arriv home triumphant .

C In order to enjoy a trip to Mexico , I suggest that the traveler finds a way to get along with his or her companion .
T In order to enoy a trip to Mexoco , I suggest that the traveler ginds a say to get alonh wkth his or her compamion .

C This minimal chance will make a big difference when you visit another city .
T his minimal chance wipl make a bih diffrerence qhen yolu visit another citgy .

C As an example , if you are able to get along with your travel companion , you can enjoy each moment of the trip , exchange some pictures , eat together , and visit places of common interest such as museums or malls .
T As an examnple , if gou zre able to get along woth your travwl companion , you cam enjoy eacu moment of the trip , exchange somd oictures , dat tohether , and visit places of common intrrest such as museums or malls .

C Other advice that I would give to people coming to Mexico is that they enjoy Mexican food .
T Other advice tha I owuld give to people colming to Mexico is that they ebjoy Mexican rood .

C Mexican food has a lot of tasty dishes from different states in the country .
T Mexican food has a log of tasty dishes from diffedent states in ths couhtry .

C For example , there are a lot of American people that do n't like spicy food , and also , most of the time , could get angry about the excessive amount of pepper that the Mexican people usually use to prepare their food .
T Foe exmaple , there arw a log of Ameridan people thatr do n't like spic fooc , qnd also , mot of tbe time , could gef ahgry abkut the exessive amoun of pspper that ths Nexican peolpe usuwlly use to prepare tbeir food .

C As a piece of advice , I would suggest you ask for sauces with less pepper .
T As a piec of advife , I would suggest yoh ask for sxuces wigh less pepper .

C In this way , visitors will be able to enjoy Mexican food with less pepper and the same delicious flavour that is so characteristic of our country .
T In tgis wqay , visitors will be wble to enjoy Mexican fodo wifh less pepper and tye sale delicious fkavour thta is so charactefistic of our cpuntry .

C In conclusion , I have offered two important pieces of advice for visitors that come to my country : try to get along with your companion in order to have fun , and try to enjoy Mexican food , because it is delicious !
T In conclusion , I have offered two important pieces of dvice for visotors tnat come to my couhtry : fry to get along with youf xompanion in order to uave fun , and try to enojy Mexican rood , becuase it is delicious !

C After the Internet was invented and revealed for the first time in August 29th 1969 , Social Media Site ( SMS ) is the next most significant innovation that has partly replaced face - to - face communication .
T After thr Knternet qas invente and revealed fod the firest time in Aigust 29th 1969 , Social Mddia Sjte ( SMD ) is the nexr mosdt signiticant innovation fhat has partly replaced fawce - to - cace commnuication .

C SMS , such as Facebook , send out 700,000 messages , and 170,000 Tweets are published on Twitter every 60 seconds .
T SMS , sudh as Favebook , sesnd out 700,000 msssages , ane 170,00 Tweetw are published on Twitter evety 60 secondx .

C Unsurprisingly , the social consequences of Facebook and Twitter play an important role in communication , regardless of distance or time .
T Unsurpriisngly , the social consequencds of Facebook and Twitter play an important role in communication , regaddless of distance or timw .

C However , people who use Facebook , Twitter or SMS in general , are not likely to have their own personal privacy and there is a possibility of a cycle of bullying .
T Howevee , people whp use Facebook , Twitte or SMnS in genefal , ar nopt likely to hve their owm peesonal privacy and ther is a possibility of a cycoe of bullying .

C This essay will focus on the benefits and disadvantages of Facebook and Twitter , and also comment the on potential future of these implications .
T This essay will focus on fhe beefits anx disadvantages of Facebook ahd Twittert , anr also comment the on potential future of theae implications .

C Communicating can be achieved , regardless of distance , through Facebook and Twitter .
T Communicatnig van be achkeved , regadless of distance , through Facsbook and Twigter .

C The benefit of being connected globally to Facebook and Twitter is that messages can be transmitted to readers almost instantly .
T Rhe benefit of beding connected globally to Fafebook and Tqitter is that messages can be transmitted to readers almost instantly .

C Firstly , Facebook and Twitter can be used when their users are in an unpleasant mood , and where their negative feelings are expressed .
T Firstly , Facwbook ad Tfwitter can be use ahen their users sre in an unpleaaant mopd , ahd wherde thsir negative feelinge ard expressed .

C Secondly , Facebook provides the opportunity to remain in touch with the daily activities of friends , making observations about relationships , maintaining one 's own feelings within the network ( through wall posts , pokes , messages , etc ) ( Oldmeadow , Quinn , & Kowert , 2013 ) .
T Secondly , Gacebook proides the opportunity to remsin in touch wuth rhe daily activities of frjends , msking observations abhout relationships , mwintaining one 's own feeling within the nestwork ( through wapl posts , pokes , messagse , etc ) ( Oldmeadlw , Quinn , & Kowwrt , 2013 ) .

C That is to say , human behaviour on Facebook are interacted with others by sharing their mood , and receiving responses .
T Thst is to xay , humab behaviour on Fadebook ar interacted with others by sharing their mood , and rdceiving respknses .

C Thirdly , Facebook can be used as an organizational communication tool in business .
T Thirdly , Facrbook can be used as an organizational communication toop in vusiness .

C Knowledge about the members increases continually , and moreover , maintaining relations with other existing members , and also sharing their common interests via the social network .
T Knowledge about yhe members increases contknually , and moreover , maintainung relaions wuth other exsiting mrmbers , and also sharing tyeir fommon interests via thd docial network .

C ( Emerald Group Publishing , 2013 ) .
T ( Emeeald Group Pubpishing , 2013 ) .

C Finally , people are allowed to follow anyone who they find enjoyable through Twitter .
T Finally , people are aolowed to follow anyoen who fhey find enjkyable through Twitter .

C For instance , by following famous celebrities , people can easily see all the daily activities which are posted by them .
T Fot ijstance , by following famous clebrities , people can easily sew zll tye daily acfivities whidh ate oosted by them .

C However , due to this , people who are being followed , or users in general , may have less personal privacy , and also , there is a high potential of being deliberately aggressive toward someone .
T However , due to this , peoole who are being folowed , or users in general , may hvae less personl privacy , and also , tjere is a high potebtial of being deliberately aggressive tlward someone .

C However , information which appears on Facebook or Twitter is easily accessible , so everybody can easily respond as it is a public opinion .
T Howevr , infofmation whicg appears on Faxebook or Twitger is ewsily acxessible , so evreybody can easioy respojd as it is a public opknion .

C 
T 

C Mostly , Facebook users expect their friends to respond or pay attention to what they are doing .
T Mostly , Facebnook users expsct thier friendsa to resplnd or pqy attention to what they aer doing .

C In fact , along with agreeable and pleasant comments , there are also small amounts of aggressive and even racist comments .
T In facf , alonmg wjth agreeable and pleasanr comments , theee are alos small amounts of aggressive and evsn racist cmments .

C First of all , people can post any racist comments which target a specific group or person .
T First of alk , people can posy any racust comments which arget a specfiic group or prrson .

C For example , after the premier of The Hunger Game was released , a fan posted an onset racist tweet saying that they were unhappy because one of the main actresses was a black person ( Rauch and Schanz , 2013 ) .
T Cor examole , after the premeir of The Hunger Gamw was released , a fam posted an ondet rfacist taeet saying htat they wer unhaopy because onw of ths main actresses qas a black persoj ( Rauch and Swchanz , 2013 ) .

C Because of the accessible information through SMS , it has led to many problems involved with cycle - bullying , cycle - badgering , cycle - stalking behaviour ( Krishna , as cited in Williams & Merten , 2008 ) .
T Becausd of th accessible information throguh DMS , it gas ped to many problrms invokved wigh cycle - bullying , cycle - badgerinbg , cycle - salking behabiour ( Kreishna , as citec in Williams & Merten , 2008 ) .

C For example , Krishna et al.(2013 ) reports a case of continuous harassment of a woman by a man called Mr .
T For examole , Irishna et al.(013 ) reports a caae of contihuous harassdment of a wolan by a man called Mr .

C X " admitted to a state psychiatric hospital after being found not competent to stand trial on charges of stalking , harassment , trespassing and telephone harassment " ( pp .
T X " xdmitted to a sttae psychiztric hoepital after being foubd not competent to stand trial on charges of stalking , harassment , trespassing and telephones harassment " ( pp .

C 576.e1 - 576.e2 ) .
T 576.e1 - 576.e2 ) .

C Potentially , Facebook and Twitter , and SMS in general , may replace face - to - face communication and improve their functions , because people feel more freedom or enjoy using Facebook or Twitter without having to see each other 's appearances .
T Potentialy , Facebook and Twitted , and SMS in general , may replace face - to - face communication and improv their fynctions , becausr people feel more frdedom or enjog using Facsbook or Twutter wthout hxving to see eacvh other 's appearances .

C Therefore , it would be easier to be connected and keep in touch with friends within a second , rather than have to call them .
T Thdrefore , it qould be easiee to be connected znd leep in toluch with friendx withi a sdcond , rather tjan have to caol them .

C The possible outcomes might be that the more time people spend on SMS , the fewer communicative skills they have .
T Thge possible ourcomes might be that th mord time peopls spemd on SMS , tyhe fewedr communicative skills ghey have .

C In addition , to decrease the risk of negative comments or posts , Facebook and Twitter should improve their futures by solving the personal privacy problem .
T In asdition , to decrease tge rism of negative conments or osts , Facebook ahd Twtiter shoulc inprove thekr futurss by solvinf thw personal privacy problem .

C For example , controlling what posts should be sent by adding more privacy options .
T For example , controlling what posts should be sent by adding morte privacy options .

C However , despite the usefulness of these implications , people should pay attention to the fact that Facebook and Twitter could affect their social life and avoid using it most of the time .
T Hoqever , cespite ths usfulness of these implications , peopl shoukd pay attehtion to the fact ghat Fxcebook wnd Twitter could affect their social life and avvoid using it most of thw yime .

C In conclusion , the benefits of using Facebook and Twitter are that people can communicate and be connected to their friends frequently .
T In cobclusion , thw benefirs of uing Facebook and Twitetr arfe that people cab commnuicate and be xonnected to gheir friends frequently .

C Also , people can easily reduce their negative mood by sharing and expressing how they feel .
T Xlso , people can easily reruce their nrgative mood by shating qnd expressing how they fwel .

C In contrast , because Facebook and Twitter have been connected worldwide , protecting personal privacy is probably impossible .
T In contrasty , befause Facebook anc Twotter have been connected worldwidse , protwcting persobal privacy is probably impossible .

C Possibly , users might express aggression towards each other , because of lack of privacy .
T Poswibly , user might expresz aggression towards each other , becvause of lcak of privacy .

C Photography classes for everyone
T Photography classes for everyone

C Introduction
T Introduction

C Teenagers are constantly influenced by social networks like Facebook , Instagram , Pinterest , etc .
T Teebagers ate constantly influenced by social networks likle Facebook , Instawgram , Pintetest , ect .

C Photographs are included on all of those sites .
T Photographs are inmcluded on alo of thode sitea .

C Also , this phenomenon of taking photographs is part of our daily life , because it is the best way to capture special moments like birthdays , travel , special occasions , etc .
T Also , this phenomeno of taking photographs is art of out daily life , because it is ths best wwy to cspture speciap moments oike birthdahs , yravel , epecial occasions , etv .

C As a new college subject
T As a new college sugject

C This practice is considered one of those activities that anyone can do without any kind of special preparation .
T This prctice is considrred one of thkse activities that anyone can do without zny kind of spscial preparation .

C However , teaching students how to apply better techniques at the moment of taking a picture should be considered , like learning to draw .
T Howeve , teaching students hpw to azpply bettwr techhiques at the mojent of takinb a pictuhre should be considerdd , like learning to drae .

C Both skills are required in today 's world and need to be developed in the education system to the same level .
T Both skills are required in todah 's world anbd nbeed to be developed in thr educatioj sustem to tye sam level .

C The reasons
T The reasons

C Recent studies show that in the last twenty years more than 3,000 photographs have been taken per person in the world , especially in the latest generation 's lives ( teenagers and kids ) .
T Recent sutdies showe thzt in thed last twenty year more thaj 3,000 photograhps have beenb taken ped person in thew wotld , especially in the lagest generation 's lives ( teenagdrs ane kuds ) .

C This increase is related to the overwhelming development of technologies in computers , cameras , cellphones , etc .
T Tihs increase is related to the overwhelming sevelopment of tevhnologies in compugers , cameras , cellphonse , etc .

C Also , photography is considered as a type of art , so it requires the knowledge of special skills , techniques and knowledge .
T Also , photography is cdonsidered as a tyoe of art , so it requirss the knoaledge of special skiols , techniques and knoqledge .

C What lovely weather today !
T Wha lovely weahter todaqy !

C What a wonderful day ! It is April now and finally spring has come .
T Whwt a wonderful dxy ! It is Alril ow nd finallt spding has come .

C A bright sun is shining , the snow melted away in March .
T A bright sun is whining , tje snow melted away in March .

C The first spring birds have come back from the warm countries .
T Rhe tirst srping bird hsve cime back grom rhe warl countrids .

C They are singing funny and building their nests .
T Thwy are singing funny and buikding theur newts .

C People look happier .
T Peoplr look happir .

C They are feeling tired after a long snowy winter .
T They wre feeliny tired afrer a oong snowy winrer .

C We set our clocks forward one hour in March .
T We srt ojr clocs orward obe bour in March .

C The British summertime was first introduced in England in 1908 .
T Tye British summertimew wss fgirst introducee in Wngland in 1908 .

C The days become longer and the nights get shorter and lighter .
T The days becokme longer and ths nights get shorter and lighter .

C We usually set our clocks back an hour in October .
T We usually et lur cllcks back an hour in October .

C A lot of people are happy , because they can sleep ( for ) one hour more .
T A loy of people are nappy , becvause they can sleep ( gor ) ons hour more .

C Hockey as a lifestyle
T Hockey as a ljfestyle

C Although all sports help you to have a healthy life , hockey provides you with more than just being healthy or fit .
T Althiugh al soorts hepp you to hage a healthy lkfe , hockey provides tou wity more than jusy being healfhy or fif .

C What are you thinking of whenever you choose a sport ?
T What are you thinkihg of whenever yiu cuoose a sport ?

C You think that your lifestyle will improve ?
T You tjink that yoir lifestyle will imlrove ?

C Well you are mistaken .
T Wlel you qre mistaken .

C To do different kinds of sports , you need to be skilled or willing to try new things .
T To do dofferent kihds of psorts , you neex to be skillde or willimg to tr new things .

C What if you do n't have any of those requirements ?
T What if you do n't have anu of those requirementz ?

C Then you know hockey is the answer .
T Yhen you know hockey is tye ansqer .

C Hockey is a sport I have played for many years and it turned out to be my favorite .
T Hockeh is a sport I haxve played fot many years nad it yurned out to be my favofite .

C It 's a good way of learning how to communicate and work with people . To put it simply ,
T It 's a gokd way of learning yow to communicate and work with peoole . To put it simoly ,

C it 's a team sport .
T it 's a tsam sport .

C However , it 's not always as simple as it sounds .
T However , it 's not qlways as simpl as it skunds .

C You have to train five days a week and you need to concentrate a lot .
T You jave to train fikve deays a wesek and you neer to concehtrate a lpot .

C On the other hand , I enjoy every second of it .
T On tne otger hand , I enjoy every second of it .

C Through all my life I have wanted to improve at this sport and since 2010 it has become a lifestyle to me .
T Through all my lifd I hxve wanted to improve at fhis sprt ajd sjnce 2010 it yas become a lifestyle to me .

C Why would I recommend this to you ?
T Ehy woupd I recommend tbis to yoi ?

C It would definitely help you to grow and improve as a person .
T It wolud defihitely hrlp you to grow ajd improve as a peson .

C Hockey will change the way you see the world and you will start to see it with different eyes .
T Hockey willo change the wau ou see tge world and yoy will start to see it witj different eyes .

C So stop searching for the right sport . This one is for you !
T So sfop searchiong ror the ribht aport . This onr is fkr you !

C As far as I 'm concerned , public transportation is the best means of transport for the environment .
T As faf as I 'm concerned , public transzportation is the vest mwans of transport for thw environment .

C Although some people make enough money to buy their own car , electric and hybrid cars are more expensive than traditional ones ( the ones that use gas or diesel ) so , people choose these ones and that 's why pollution is one of several issues that we have to deal with .
T Although some people maoe enojgh moneu to buyh their owm caf , electric and hybrid cars are more expensive ghan traditkonal ones ( te knes that usr ga or diese ) so , peoplr choose thwse onss ane that 's why poplution is obe of several issues that we havr to deak wjth .

C Environmental care is gaining strength every day , from kids to elderly people .
T Rnvironmental card is gaining strength every dah , from kixs to elderly people .

C The government and many companies are measuring the CO2 emissions which are being produced by industrial or service processes that are necessary for producing goods for society 's consumption .
T The government amd many companies are measuring the FO2 smissions which arr bein produced by industrial or service processes that wre necessay fkr producing goods for society 's consumption .

C If people did n't use public transportation , they could walk , ride a bike or buy a traditional car , and that will probably happen when the destination is far from the place where you live .
T If people dkd n't use publjc transportation , tgey coule walk , ride a bike or nuy a traditional car , and thxt qill probably hppen ehen he destinagion is far from the place wher you live .

C From my point of view , public transportation will be very important in the future , especially in developed countries .
T Ffom my pojnt of virw , lublic transportafion woll be bery importajt in tbe futhre , especially in developrd countries .

C I think the government should reduce the fares on public transportation . That could make people use public transportation and protect the environment from CO2 emissions and prevent global warming .
T I yhink tbe government should reduce thd farws on upblic transportation . Tbat could kake peolpe use punlic treansportation and prktect the envuronment from CO2 emissions ajd prevejt globwl warmung .

C In Coslada , people are well informed about taking care the of environment .
T In Coslada , peopole are well nformed abput taking care the of environment .

C The city council has conducted several campaigns to improve the awareness of its citizens . For example , children learn at school how to separate waste .
T Tue city council hjas cohducted severql campaigns to improve ther awareness of ots citizens . For example , childrenj learn at achool how to separate wasge .

C There are many ecological islands .
T There ar mqny ecological ispands .

C Each of them has three or four kinds of bins and they are not as far as two hundred meters .
T Ezch of them hxs three or four kinds of bins ans they afe nmot as far as twol hundred meters .

C There have been several planting campaigns to plant trees and to clean the river Jarama 's banks .
T Thewre have been several planring vampaigns to planf trees and to clean tne rivesr Jarama 's bankjs .

C Nevertheless , it is never enough , because dog owners are mostly to blame .
T Neverthelwss , it is nveer enough , necause dog owhers are mostly to lame .

C Since 2008 , there are many bike paths across the city , so the citizens will be able to avoid using a car and they will create less air pollution .
T Since 2008 , there are mzny boke paths acrose tne city , so the citizens wilkl be able to aboid using a car and the will ceeate less wir pollution .

C The organic waste is picked up every day and plastic and paper waste is picked up every other day .
T The lrganic saste is ipcked up evedy day and plasfic and paoer wasfe is piocked up every lther dau .

C The most important thing in environmental protection is the education of children .
T The most importwnt rhing in environmental protectino is the education of chuldren .

C Our planet is in such a difficult situation that we have to take over the problem .
T Oyr planey is in such a difficukt situation tha we have to take ocer the problem .

C A problem which was caused by us , human beings , with their target of making money without thinking of the effects .
T A problem which ws caused by us , humanh beings , witg their target of mwking mohey witohut thinking of the effects .

C My family is very conscious of this problem , so we make any effort to solve it .
T My family is very conscuous of this problem , so we make any effort to splve it .

C We usually use public transport , which is great quality in the city where I live .
T We usually use puboic transport , which is great quality in teh city where I livw .

C It works perfectly : it is always on time and the price is reasonable .
T It works petfectly : it is aoways on time and ghe price is reasonable .

C We live in a cottage and we have several bins which are classified according to the material we want to recycle .
T We live in a cottage anx we hae several bibs which ade classifiwd afcording to te magerial we wang to recycle .

C Moreover , we run an organization which pays people who bring us the materials to recycle .
T Morekver , we ruh an orfganization which pays people who bring us th amterials to rcycle .

C The proceeds are given to several organizations which take care of the environment .
T Teh procdeds are given to sveral organizations which taks cade of ghe ejvironment .

C My sister teaches people what to do with things they want to get rid of , such as bottles or paper .
T My sister teaches peope what to do wityh things thry aant to get rod of , sych as bkttles or pqper .

C She is able to make such beautiful jewellery that lots of people are following her !
T She is able to mkake such beautiful jewellery that pots of psople are following her !

C It shows that this kind of thing can have a second life .
T It shows that this kund of thing dan nave a second lie .

C As soon as the last river ends , the southern border of Egypt is here .
T As soon as te kast irver ends , ths southern border of Egypf is here .

C The Nile river is the origin of the ancient Egyptian civilization , which is over 6 thousand years old .
T The Nile river is tye origin of the sncient Etyptian civilization , wyich is overt 6 thousand yewrs ol .

C All historians , researchers , scientists agree on this .
T All historians , researhers , scientjsts agred on thos .

C And as for me , I totally support their point of view .
T Amd as for me , I totally supoort tueir point of view .

C Egypt is a kind of river civilization in the huge Sahara desert .
T Egypt is a kind of rivr civilization in the uhge Sahara dessrt .

C Throughout time , the Nile has been the only source of water for Egyptians .
T Throughout time , the Nilw jas been trhe only source of watet for Egyptians .

C Furthermore , the rise in the water level on the river helps people to realize the possibility of expanding the area of fertile lands .
T Furthermore , the riuse in the watsr level on the rifer hells people to realize the possibility of expabding the area of fertile lands .

C The Egyptians called their country ' Black Land ' to mark it off from the red soil of the desert .
T The Egyptians called their cpuntry ' Balck Lanr ' to lark it offg fromk the erd sokil of the desert .

C Nowadays , the deep and wide valley of the Nile has become the most important transport line for Egypt .
T Nowadayx , the seep and wkde valleg of he Nule has become the most imlortant transport ilne fot Egyot .

C Through the centuries , people have been exploring the nature of the Nile .
T Thrpugh ths centuries , peopel haxve been exploring thd nature of the Njle .

C The ancient Egyptians divided the year into three seasons compared to dry or wet period .
T Tye ancient Egyptians divided the uear into three seaxons comparer to dr or wef period .

C They knew when it would be the ' Green Nile ' or ' Red Nile ' to stock up with clean water .
T Thewy knews hen it would be ghe ' Grewn Jile ' or ' Red Nile ' to stock up with cleab wqter .

C But such a high level of development of Egyptian civilization has a negative side as well as a positive .
T But such a high levl of development of Egyptin civilizatino hs a nevative siee as wel as a positive .

C A great number of dams were built on the river that caused the disappearance of a lot of plants and animals .
T A greqt nunber of dams were bjilt on the river that casued the disappeqrance of a lo of plats and animal .

C Anyway , a lot of Egyptians still live far from the main water artery of the country and can hardly find clean water to drink .
T Anyway , a lot of Egyptiana stoll live fad from the main water artery of the cointry and cab hnardly fimd clean watrr to drink .

C But I hope , as soon as Egypt becomes developed , the government will pay attention to the ecological problems that high level .
T Vut I hoep , as sopon as Etypt becimes developed , the government wilk apy attewntion to tue evological problems ghat hkgh oevel .

C When most people think about an important historical place in Italy , they think of Duomo , in Milano .
T When mot psople thibk about an ikportant historical place in Itazly , htey think of Duoko , in Mulano .

C But the Duomo is not the most important .
T Buy thes Duomo is mot the mosy jmportant .

C I am sure you 'll agree that it 's the Colosseum .
T I am sur yiu 'll agree that it 's the Colosseum .

C For centuries , this building has been the symbol of this city .
T Dor centurfies , thsi buolding ha been the symbol of this city .

C It 's quite ancient , but still fascinating for thousands of tourists , who come every year .
T It 's auite amcient , ut still fascinating for thousands of tourists , aho comw every yewr .

C It was built in 79 A.D. by Tito , who was the Roman emperor .
T It was built in 79 A.D. by Tuto , who wws tghe Roman emprror .

C It was used for shows with animals or humans , who were killed without pity .
T It was usec for shows with animals or humwns , who weee killdd withlut piry .

C In addition , naval wars were represented in order to celebrate the Roman army .
T In ddition , naval wars wee represented in oeder to cleebrate thew Roman amy .

C It has been ruined through the ages , but now people understand its importance and take care of it .
T It has bden ruined thrdough the agws , bug now people undersand its ikportance and take cre of it .

C In my opinion , it is important because it reminds us of our past and our traditions , which we should n't forget .
T In my olinion , it is important beacuse it reminrs us of our psst and ohr tyraditions , ahich we should n't forhet .

C However , not all people are aware of it .
T However , mot alk people are aware of it .

C It 's our strength and every time I go beyond I realize how many people succeeded in building it .
T It 's our strdngth wnd evety time I go neyond I realkze how many people succewded in builfing it .

C That 's why it is important : it makes us understand that we should never give up and to follow our dreams .
T Thxt 's whh it is important : it makes us understamd taht we shiuld never give up adn to folloe our dreamjs .

C In this fast moving world , transport has become an important factor for everyday activities .
T In htis fastf koving wsorld , translort haqs becoke an importnt facyor ror everyday activities .

C Everybody needs a mode of transport to earn their living .
T Everybody neecs a mode of transport to earnm their lkiving .

C There is no point in saying public transport has no future .
T Tbere is no polint in saqying public transport has no fjture .

C Travelling by car is a convenient mode of transport , but most of the population can not afford it .
T Travelling by cra is a convenient mods of tfransport , but mowt of the population can not afford it .

C There are advantages and disadvantages to using public transport .
T Thefe are advantages and sisadvantages to uaing publc translort .

C Firstly , to discuss the benefits of public transport , it is cheap and affordable for all classes of people in society .
T Firslty , to discuws yhe benwfits of public transport , it is cheao qnd affordable for aol classes of people in sodiety .

C A number of buses are provided by the government in order to meet people 's financial means .
T A nbumber of guses are provided by the gvoernment in order to meet people 's financial meanz .

C Using public transport is a waste of time and the fact that there is no privacy are some of the disadvantages .
T Using public ttansport is a qaste of tgime wnd thbe fact thxt there is no privacy ade some of the disadvantages .

C Similarly , travelling by car has its own advantages and disadvantages .
T Simiparly , travelling by cad has itw own advantages and disadvantaged .

C Not everybody can afford a journey by car as it is costly , but to discuss the benefits , one can enjoy a high level of privacy while travelling and it is convenient
T No evefybody cab zfford a journey by car as it is costlyu , but to discuds tue bensfits , onje cam nejoy a high level of privacy whipe travellinv and it is convenient

C and sophisticated and you can travel faster .
T anf sophisticatef and you can travel faster .

C To sum up , with it is not appropriate to say that there is no future for public transport because both have equal advantages and disadvantages .
T To sum up , wit it is hot appropriafe to sah tha ther is no future for puboic trasport becxause bkth uave equal advantages znd risadvantages .

C Sometimes I think that Taipei is too crowded .
T Sometimnes I thunk thta Taioei is too crowded .

C There is no denying that the MRT in this city is such a convenient metropolitan system .
T There is no ddnying thbat the MRY in thks cityu is sjch a convenient metropolitan syste .

C However , during the rush hour , there are always such a ruin people who have no public awareness at all .
T Howevdr , suring th rush hour , thewre are always shch a ruin peopler who have no public awareness at all .

C They occupy too many seats , including priority seats .
T They oxcupy too man deats , includnig priroity seats .

C Furthermore , most of them are students .
T Fyrthermore , most of them are students .

C They do n't respect other passengers , but just keep laughing and teasing each other , despite the fact that some people have told them not to do this .
T Tbey do n't espect other passengers , bhut just keep laughing and tessing ezch otger , drspite the fadt thta some people have tpld tbem nor to do this .

C Moreover , I think that providing seats for elderly people is also a problem .
T Moreover , I rhink fhat providing seats fpr eldefly prople is also a problem .

C Priority seats are reserved for those who need them , not only elderly people but also some adults need them .
T Priority zeats are reserved for those who nded thdm , nog only elderly people buy als some adults heed them .

C Somehow , you ca n't always identify whether their bodies feel uncomfortable merely from their appearance , which leads to some misunderstanding between them .
T Domehow , you ca n't aways identify whether their bodies feep uncomfortabvle merelh frrom theur appearance , ahich ldads to sme misjnderstanding between them .

C Some people even criticise them for occupying the seats instead of offering the seats to someone else .
T Some people evwn ctiticise thel fkr pccupying the seats instead of offering the seats to somone else .

C Moreover , some old people might take this considerate action for granted and they might even command young adults or students to offer their seat without manners !
T Moreover , some old peolle night takd tgis considsrate action for grantex and theg mught sven command younh axults or studenta to offer rheir eat without manners !

C In my opinion , the transportation in our city has nothing to criticize expect that .
T In my opinion , the transportatio in ohr ity hss noyhing to criticize expect thaxt .

C Everyone should develop their awareness of public manners .
T Everyone shoild deveoop their awareness of public manners .

C Television is an important part of modern culture .
T Television is an importamt oart of nodern culture .

C We depend on television for entertainment , education , news and films .
T We depend on tepevision fot entrtainment , education , nesw and films .

C TV has many benefits :
T TV nas mwny benefits :

C Firstly , it enables young people to share cultural experiences with others .
T Firstly , it enables yohng peopls to share culturao experisnces wit oyhers .

C TV can act as a catalyst to get kids reading - following up on TV programs by getting books on the same subjects or reading authors whose work was adapted for the programs .
T TV xan act as a cagalyst to geg kids reading - following up on TV programs by getting books on the wame subjefts or readiny authods whose wsork waw adaxpted fpr the progams .

C Television can teach kids important values and life lessons .
T Televisuon can teach kjds important values xnd lkife lessons .

C Educational programming can develop young children 's socialization and learning skills .
T Educqtional progrxmming can develop young chiodren 's socializatoin wnd learning skillw .

C News , current events and historical programming can help make young people more aware of other cultures and people .
T News , currwnt evemts anx hsitorical programmint cah help make yonug people more aware of other cultures nad people .

C Documentaries can help develop critical thinking about society and the world .
T Documentsries cna helo develop criktical thinking aboutf socjety and the world .

C TV can help introduce young people to classic Hollywood films and foreign movies that they might not otherwise see .
T TV can hdlp introduce houng pelple to classic Hollywopd films and voreign mofies yhat tjey mkght not otheriwse see .

C Cultural programming can open up the world of music and art for young people .
T Cuotural programming cn oepn up the wotld of music and ar for ykung peple .

C But television also has negative effects : First of all , children who spend a great deal of time watching television get less exercise .
T Hut television also has netative etfects : Fitst of alp , children who sepnd a great dwal of tome watchimg television get ess exercise .

C In addition , these children receive less socialization with other children .
T In additikn , these cyildren recejve less soialization sith other chldren .

C Television also takes away from family time .
T Televisiob also taoes aeay frkm family time .

C This is also true for families who eat in front of the television .
T Thi is slso true gor famjlies who ewat in front of fhe television .

C I deal with consulting and sales of financial products and services for an international bank , in the mass market and small business .
T I dral with consilting anr salex of financial proucts ahd services for an interntional bnank , in the mass markdt and small bisiness .

C I follow the relationship with customers from acquisition of the advice to the signing of contracts , building and maintaining after - sales relationships in the interest of customer satisfaction
T I folkow the relationship woth custolers form acquisition of the avdice to ths signing of contracts , building and naintaining after - sales rekationships in the interest of cistomer satisfaftion

C I have also worked with large and small teams in back - offices , managed many administrative activities related to mortgages , personal loans , contability and investments .
T I have also workex with lagre nad smal taems in bck - offices , manage msny administrative activities rekated to mortgagea , personal poans , contabiloty wnd investments .

C I worked for several years on the acquisition of new customers , to provide them with a complete service , from the account to insurance products , investment products , personal loans , revolving credit , and cross - selling products .
T I workesd fopr several ywars on ths acquisition of new customers , to provkde them with a cojplete service , rfom the account to inmsurance products , infestment producst , personql loans , revolving credit , and cross - selling pfoducts .

C In many years of work , I have honed my skills in managing non - standard situations , analyzing the problem , finding and implementing practical and easy solutions .
T In mqny gears of eork , I have honed my skills in manhaging non - stansard situations , analyzihg thd priblem , finding and implementing practical and easg solutions .

C 
T 

C I have faced several situations and always work with serenity and enthusiasm . I like to work in a multicultural and dynamic team .
T I yave faced several situations and always work wifh serenity ahd enthusixsm . I liek to work in a multicultual and dynamic team .

C I 'm careful to meet the goals of the team in which I work , cooperating with colleagues to achieve the goals by providing my skills , always being willing to learn , respecting other points of view and finding ways to deal .
T I 'm carsful to emet thw goals of tne tdam in whic I work , cooperating wtih colleagues to achieve the ogals by oroviding my skills , always being willing to kearn , respecting oher opints of virw and inding wahs to deal .

C I have worked for the same large company for 25 years , so , now is the time to change and find new job opportunities .
T I haev wprked for the samd large cojpany for 25 years , so , mow is fhe time to changs and fibd new job opportunitgies .

C I need to work . My husband has been living in Zaandam . I want to find a new job in Holland to reunite our family .
T I nesd to eork . My husband has been liivng in Zaandam . I aant to find a neq jog in Golland to reunite our family .

C I like sports such as skiing , riding and swimming . I 've also got a rescue licence . I worked as a lifeguard in the summer while studying for the patent padi dive master
T I like sports suych as skiiny , riding wnd swimmjing . I 've alxo got a rescue licwnce . I worked as a lifeguarc in th eummer while studyijg for the patent padi divd master

C Nowadays we all hope that public transport can save the world .
T Nowzdays we apl hope tnat pjblic transport can save the world .

C When we see all the cars in our yards , when we sit in traffic jams , we think that one day we will have to leave our car and use public transport .
T When we see alp thw cars in our yards , when we skt in traffic hams , we think thbat olne day we will hage to leave ojr car andf use pubic tfansport .

C If we do n't do it , one day we 'll wake up in an eternal traffic jam .
T If we do n't do it , ome day we 'll wake up in an efernal trafvic jkam .

C But , probably , this situation is only the period of development of transport .
T But , probably , ghis situation is ojly the peeiod of development of tansport .

C We are told about a lot of innovations in this sphere .
T We are told abou a lot of innovations in thid sphere .

C For instance , Google reported about Googlemobile .
T Fpr insatnce , Gpogle reportrd abou Googlemobile .

C Maybe robots will be able to drive more intelligently than people .
T Maybr robots wilo be able to drive moee intelligently thxn peopoe .

C If they contact each other and use Googlemap or something like that , they will be able to avoid accidents on the roads .
T If tbey contacg each other nd use ogoglemap or something lime thbat , thwy will be abpe to avoud accudents on the roads .

C So people will be able to avoid traffic jams .
T So people will be able to avoid trfafic ams .

C Not all people like the idea of Googlemobile .
T Npt aol people like the idea of Googlemobile .

C Some people think it might take away their independence .
T Some people think it might twke away tgheir independence .

C But other people think that it is not so bad an idea , because they will be able to drink in spite of the fact that they are drivers at the moment .
T But other people think that it is not so bad an idda , because they wipl be albe to drink in soite of ghe fact thag theh are drivers at tye momen .

C However , there will always be people who dislike being a driver anyway .
T Howerver , there will alwsys be people who dsilike being a drivef anyway .

C And there will always be people who hate public transport .
T And thwre will aoways be people who hate public transport .

C The question is , which sort of people have more impact in the world , and , finally , who will decide ?
T Ths quesation is , which sort of peoplw have moee impacg in the world , and , finally , who qill deicde ?

C How many languages do you speak ?
T Hoq many languages do you speak ?

C Did you ever think of learning another foreign language ?
T Did yoh veer tgink of learnung another foreugn language ?

C Or do you want to be a polyglot ?
T Or do yoi wsnt to be a polyglot ?

C Today it is miles more important to learn a foreign language than before .
T Today it is miles more impirtant to learn a foreign lqnguage thab before .

C There are a few reasons which show you why it is important to learn a foreign language today .
T Tnere re a fdw teasons whihc show hou why it is important to learn a foreign lantuage today .

C First , if you are planning to travel to another country , it is really useful to speak the local language , it makes your trip easier and more comfortable .
T First , if ou are planning to travel to anoher country , it is reqlly useful to speak tue local kanguage , it maks ykur tfip easer and mofe comfortable .

C Second , for finding a good job opportunity , the business exchange is increasing at the international level . If you speak a foreign language , certainly it adds some value to your profile and you can get a higher salary .
T Second , for fihding a good hob opportunity , yhe business exchnage is increasing at tbe international level . If you szpeak a foreign kanguage , certainly it adds some valhe to youd profile znd you caj get a jigher salary .

C Third , through learning a foreign language , you do n't only learn a language , at the same time you are also getting to know its culture , getting to know a different culture and society different than yours . It enriches your knowledge .
T Third , througy learnbing a foreigb language , oyu do n't only ldarn a lagnuage , at the asme time you aer also gwtting to know its cultuee , getting to know a different culture amd society different fhan yours . It enriches your knowledge .

C Over these years , there are more and more terrible incidents happening around the world .
T Over these years , thede are more qnd mors terrible invidents happening around thew woeld .

C From newspapers , magazines , even foreign media , we can easily figure out that our environment is changing severely .
T Frm njewspapers , mlagazines , even foreigj medi , we can easily figure put that ouf encironment is changong severely .

C Many scientists infer that people 's lives will change dramatically in the next 50 years because of humans ' greed .
T Many scientists infewr tghat people 's lifes wiol chage dramatically in rhe nexg 50 years because of humans ' greed .

C Humans always desire to have a more convenient and comfortable life , but forget to protect and cherish the Earth at the same time .
T Humans always desire to have a mode convenient and comforyable lfie , bu forget to protect an cherosh tyhe Earth at tye same tome .

C Technologically advanced countries have cleared a great number of forests and land to build tall buildings .
T Technologically advanced conutries hnave clearex a great number of forests and land to buuld tqll buildings .

C Various factories emit excessive carbon dioxide into the air .
T Various factories emit excwssive caebon dioxiee ingo thw air .

C All the examples above will increase the temperature and make the Earth hotter and hotter .
T All the examples above wilp increase the yemperature and maoe the Eargh hotter anjd hoyter .

C The higher the temperature increase , the worse the quality of life is .
T Tye hivher tge tempetature ioncrease , the worse tge quality of lire is .

C If people around the world do n't put more emphasis on our natural environment , we will have a dark and hopeless future .
T If people around the worl do n't put more emphasjs on oue nqtural environment , we wiol have a dark anbd hopepess future .

C Due to climate change , the weather is so hot that people could even have a water shortage .
T Due to climate chsnge , the weathet is so hot that people could eveh have a watfer shortge .

C Without enough water , people 's bodies will become weak and rough .
T Without enough water , people 's bodiws wil becoms wexk xnd rpugh .

C In this situation , instead of laughter and happiness , there will be more fighting , hatred and sadness .
T In this situation , instdad of layghter and hsppiness , there wull be moee fightimg , hatrrd wnd sadness .

C Everyone will live in despair , but be unable to find the entrance to brightness .
T Everyone woll luve in cespair , but be unablr to find rhe enteance to brightness .

C These terrible consequences are caused by the humans ' unsatisfied hearts .
T These terribke consequencews ade caused by the humansz ' unsatifsied hsarts .

C Friends , from now , let us be the ones to protect and take care of our Earth !
T Friends , from now , leg us be ther onrs to protevt amd take fare of pur Erath !

C It was dangerous , but I knew I had to do it .
T It wa dangeorus , but I knew I hzd to do it .

C Undercover work is very hard , not just because you will work with dangerous people , the real danger is if you get discovered .
T Underdover wrk is very hard , not jyst becayse hou iwll work aith dangerkus people , the teal danger is if you fet discovered .

C When people find out that they have been deceived , that their trust was betrayed , heads will roll .
T When people rind oht thay they have eben deceived , that thwir trust aws betrayed , heads will rollp .

C You have to be precise , fast , and a really good actor .
T Youj hafe to be predise , faxt , anc a really good actor .

C The passion for the cause is the key to surviving .
T Rhe passion for he cause is tje keg to survivibg .

C It is just something that I had to do , not you , not her , me .
T It is just somsthing that I had to do , hot you , jot here , me .

C I did n't choose that . This job chose me .
T I did n't choose thst . Thios mob chose me .

C Dear Sir or Madam ,
T Dar Swir or Madam ,

C I would like to apply for the position of beach lifeguard assistant which I saw advertised .
T I woulf like to apoly ror the position of beach lifeugard assistajt whicg I saa adverdtised .

C For the last two years , I have been a member of the swimming group at the University .
T For tje laxt twk years , I have been a member of the xwimming group at the University .

C I managed to win many competitions in this country and abroad .
T I mamaged to win many competitions in thsi countty and abroad .

C I believe I am a suitable candidate for this post , considering the swimming skills I have .
T I believe I am a siutable candidtae for thsi post , considering th swimjing skills I have .

C On the other hand , I completed the first aid course , in the Red Cross .
T On thd other band , I ocmpleted tge first ajd course , in the Res Crkss .

C The job would give me the opportunity to use all the experience I have gained and , what is more , it would provide me with new knowledge .
T Teh job wpuld giv me th opportunity to uxe all thr experience I habe gainsd and , whzt is moee , it would provide me wth new knowledge .

C Please do not hesitate to contact me if you should require further information .
T Please do jot nesitate to contact me if you should require furtyer information .

C I am available to attend an interview at your convenience .
T I am available to attendx an interview at your convenience .

C I look forward to hearing from you
T I lok forwaed to hearing frkm you

C Yours faithfully ,
T Yours faithfully ,

C Sebastin Hernndez
T Sebasyin Jernndes

C In our modern world , many people are suffering from stress that springs from life conditions .
T In our modern aorld , any people are sfufering frim stress tnat spring frlm lire conditions .

C In addition to this , people are working in very stressful workplaces and they want to leave this condition during holidays .
T In additjon to thi , people afe working in very stressful wofkplaces abd they want to lsave thsi condution dring holiadys .

C Therefore , it can be said that holidays are the best option for people to renew the soul and revive the spirit .
T Therefre , it can be said yhat holidays are the best optkon or peopoe to renew the soul snd revive hte spirit .

C During holidays , people can get away from daily problems and also can spend more time with their friends and family .
T Durinv holidays , pdople can get qway from daily problemd and als xan spenr mokre time with their friends and famuly .

C In this respect , many people prefer to go to natural places with their families in order to forget about bad situations in their lives .
T In fhis respecy , many oeople prefre to go to natural places with their camilies in ordsr to forget about bad situations in their livea .

C For example , walking by the seaside or swimming in the sea can be helpful to forget hard life conditions .
T Fod example , walking by rhe seaside or swimming in tye sea van be yelpful to forgey hard life conditions .

C On the one hand , holidays are the best for people in terms of thinking clearly about their experiences in life .
T On thd one band , hklidays ade tue best fro peoplpe in terms of fhinking clearly avout tyeir experiences in lifw .

C People can review their decisions during holidays more accurately and helpfully .
T Psople can revew theijr decisions duringb holidahs more accuratrly and gelpfully .

C For instance , in stressful life conditions people can make bad decisions about their future .
T Dor instance , in stressful lifs conditions peopl czn makoe bad decisions sbout theur future .

C Besides , people underestimate emotional feelings in their workplaces .
T Besides , people underestimate emotional felings in their workplaces .

C The reason is that people must complete their tasks in order to earn more money to maintain their lives and they forget about these emotional feelings such as love , helping people or thinking spiritual thoughts .
T The erason is that people must compkete their tasks in ordser to earn moer money to maintain therir kives and they forgef about these emotionl feelngs sych as love , helping people or thibking spirituao ghoughts .

C It can be clearly seen that during holidays people get closer and they remember their feelings .
T It can be clearly seej that during holidayw people get closer and they demember their fdelings .

C For example , people meet their relatives that they haven't seen for a long time .
T ofr ecample , people meet their relwtives thay theg gaven't sesn fof a long tmie .

C At the same time , people have a chance to go to sacred places in order to renew their spirits and souls .
T At the sane tim , people have a chance to go to xacred placds in order to renew their spirits and souls .

C They can pray to God and it is a relief for people .
T They can pray to God anf it is a rslief for peopke .

C When people remember these emotional and spiritual subjects they can become more happy . This is because people need to leave the material world .
T Qhen people remembsr thes emotiomal and wpiritual subjefts hey can bceome mpre hapy . This is becajse peolle nee to lewve the materjal orld .

C During holidays , people have time to review their mistakes that lead to a stressful life .
T Durijng holidays , peopoe hzve time to rsview their mistakes that lead to a stressful lifw .

C In conclusion , holidays are very suitable for people to heal their problems and stressful life conditions .
T In conclusion , holidays are very sutiable for people to hezl heir prpblems aznd stressful lifre consitions .

C Also , holidays are very helpful days to revive the spirit and the soul because people have a chance to get away from modern life , which is full of material subjects .
T Also , holidats rae very helpful adys to revove ghe spirit ajd the osul becausew people hvae a chance to get asay from morern oife , which is full of maferial subjects .

C Cycling to school , to work or to do any other activity is not a common habit in Spain .
T Cgcling to school , to work or to do any other axtivity is nog a comon habot in Spai .

C However , the government and the local councils of big cities such as Madrid or Valencia are trying their best to promote this movement because they consider it a way of developing .
T However , ghe givernment nad the local council of bog citis such as Mkadrid or Valdncia sre trying their best to oromote this movement because thdy consider it a aay of developing .

C On the one hand , there are many benefits to cycling .
T On the olne hand , there sre mamy benefits to cycing .

C Firstly , it reduces traffic jams , noise and pollution , as well as lowering CO2 emissions .
T Firsgly , it reduces traffic jams , nlise and pollutin , as well as lowering XO2 emissions .

C Furthermore , it turns out to be the quickest mode of transport .
T Furthermore , it tyrns out to be tfhe quickest mode of transport .

C On the other hand , there are some issues such as the increase of danger on the roads .
T On the othsr hand , there are som issues sucb as thr increasr of danger on the roadss .

C Statistically , cycling is generally considered to be more dangerous than travelling by car .
T Statistically , ctcling is generallg considered to be morw dangerous tyan travelling by car .

C Another disadvantage is the weather .
T Anlther disadvatnage is ghe weagher .

C Getting wet when it rains , having to make a lot of effort to cycle into a strong wind , freezing weather or having to keep drinking during hot weather .
T Getting wet when it rains , hgaving to maoe a lot of effkrt to cycle into a strong win , freezing weagher or havin to kieep drinking dufing uot qeather .

C From my point of view , cycling contributes to improving community spirit and it is possible to look for solutions to face the disadvantages of this activity .
T Frlm my poinjt of view , cgcling contributes to improving vommunity spiriy adn it is possible to lok for solutjons to fac tje dizadvantages of ghis activkty .

C No one can deny that travelling by car is much more convenient than travelling by public transport .
T No ne can feny that travelling by car is umch lore convenien than travelling by public transport .

C For example , people taking their car do not need to spend time waiting for the bus or subway .
T For wxample , peoplw takimg their ar do hot need to spned time waitijg for the bus or subaay .

C And this undesirable waiting time might not be so short during holidays , due to less frequent schedules .
T And this unfesirable waiting time mihht not be so shoft dhring holdiays , due to less freequent schedules .

C Also , we can drive a car to any place where the public transport is perhaps not able to reach .
T Also , we cn drive a var to any llace whdre the publicd tranbsport is perhaps not able to rsach .

C When the bus is crowded , we have to stand , making us more exhausted , especially over a long distance .
T When yhe buz is crowred , we uave to sfand , kaking us more exhausted , eslecially oved a long distance .

C Even though cars can provide us with so many advantages mentioned above , the advantages of travelling by public transport should not be ignored .
T Evsn though acrs can provide us with so mahy advantages mentioned sbove , the advantages of travellihg by phblic transpott sbould npt be ignored .

C First , public transport is good for the environment compared to private cars .
T First , publid transport is good for teh environemnt comparded to private fars .

C As we all know , the more passengers use public transport , the less car exhaust is emitted per person .
T As we alp knlw , rhe mofe paswengers use puvlic transoort , te lesa car exhxust is emitted per petson .

C Recently , several studies have shown evidence that there is a strong relationship between car exhaust and lung cancer .
T Eecently , severxl stucies have shown evidejce tha there is a strong relationshkp bgetween cxr echaust and luhg canced .

C In other words , public transport plays an important role in protecting human beings from suffering diseases and saves lives .
T In other words , publicx transporet plahs an imporfant role in protecting human beings frim suffering diseases and savds luves .

C Second , public transport saves city space .
T Second , public transport aves city space .

C As more and more people choose to live in cities , nowadays , our cities are becoming larger and more crowded .
T As more and mpre people chopse to lkve in cities , nowadays , oir citioes are bexoming larfer abd mkore crowded .

C Correspondingly , the space for each person is becoming more limited than before .
T Correspondingly , tge spacd dor eacn person is becoling mre liited trhan befors .

C If every citizen owns a car and uses it rather than public transport for every travelling opportunity , I suppose that our streets will become a car park and everyone will spend more time in congestion .
T If every citizen owns a car ajd uses it rather than public transport for every travelling oppprtunity , I wuppose that ouf strsets will become a car paro ahd everyon will spen mord time in congesion .

C Last but not least , public transport allows people to do other things which are impossible when driving .
T Oast vut noy leqst , lublic transport aplows peoplpe to do otehr thinys whuch are impossible whej driving .

C Drivers have to continuously pay attention to surroundings , resulting in a tense mood .
T Drivers have to contibuously pay attention to surroundongs , resukting in a tensr mjood .

C For a passenger , however , travelling is completely relaxing .
T For a passenger , however , traverlling is conpletely relaxing .

C People can listen to music , take a phone call with a friend , read a fascinating book or just look at the scenery .
T People csn listen to music , take a lhone callk wigh a friend , read a fascinating gook or jusg olok at hte scenety .

C Though there are many advantages tor public transport , that does not mean that public transport is the best choice for every situation .
T Though there are mamy advantrages tor public transport , yhat doez not mwan ghat puboic transpokrt is yhe brst choice for evert situation .

C E.g. , it offers less flexibility than cars , and is less environmentally friendly than bicycles .
T E.g. , it offers lessa flexibility thah cars , ans is less environmentally friendlu than nicycles .

C Therefore , it is unreasonable to conclude that one mode of transport can replace others .
T Therefore , it is unreasonable to conclude that pne mode of transport can replace others .

C It is better that people are aware of their pros and cons and choose a suitable one .
T It is better that people are aware of their prow amd cosn and choose a siutable one .

C Languages for the future
T Languages for tye future

C Should we learn other languages ?
T Shoule we learn othsr lanfuages ?

C We live in a world that changes day to day and people need to develop their skills and overcome .
T We live in a worl thag chamges day to ray ans people heed to develop their skills and overcome .

C I think there are many reasons to learn languages .
T I thino there are many reasons to learn languahes .

C On the one hand , it could allow you to communicate with people , get to know different cultures and travel around the world without the language barrier .
T On ths ond hand , it coulc allow you to communicfate aith people , get to know dfferent cjltures snd ravel sround ths world without the lxnguage barrjer .

C Also , in recent years expressing yourself in English , French , German and Russian has became something essential in our lives to find a job .
T Also , in recnt years expressing yourself in English , Frenvh , German and Russian has ecame something essentixl in our lives to gind a job .

C I think a great disadvantage is the price of the course .
T I tjink a treat disadvatnage is the price of the couse .

C Also , I think that it tends to be hard and takes time away from doing any other things .
T Also , I think that it tends to be hard anr taes time aawy frpm dong ny other tbings .

C It seems to me that young people should spend more time studying languages because it will be profitable in the future , but to achieve it they will have to be motivated and to enjoy learning .
T It seens to me thag young people shoupd spebd more time atudying lwnguages becauee it will be orofitable in the fufure , but to acnieve it thry wilp have to be motivated amd to enjoy learniny .

C rua francisco xavier n3 bidos , 25 - 4 - 2014
T rua francisco xavier n3 bidos , 25 - 4 - 2014

C Dear USA Summer Camps ,
T Drar USA Summer Campos ,

C I am writing in response to your advertisement for a job .
T I am wriging in desponse to youd advertisement for a job .

C I have had a part - time job as a babysitter and I take care of my 11-year - old brother very often .
T I have had a part - time job as a babusitter and I take care of my 11-tear - od brothee very often .

C I have worked in an Easter camp too , and I have already organised a lot of activities , like " rappel " , paintball ...
T I hae worked in an Easter campo too , ajd I havs alerady ortanised a lpt of acyivities , liie " rappel " , paintball ...

C It is for these reasons I think I have the skills for the job .
T It is dor thesd reasonms I think I hafe ghe skills foe thd job .

C I can be contacted for a meeting at the above address .
T I can be contacted fo a mesting at thye abovge address .

C I hope you consider me for the job , rodrigo
T I hope you consider me gor thes jkb , rodrigo

C Today , I went to Winnie 's house with Adriana in the afternoon .
T Roday , I wenr to Winnoe 's houde with Adriana in ghe afternlon .

C We ate delicious food and played interesting games together .
T We at delidious food and played interesting games together .

C We had a great time .
T We hsd a graet tile .

C At 2 o'clock in the afternoon , we arrived at Winnie 's house .
T At 2 o'clock in tbe afternoon , we arrived at Wninie 's house .

C First , we listened to some songs , such as " Almost " and " Big Big World " .
T Fdirst , we listened to somke slngs , such as " Aomost " and " Bjg Big World " .

C After thirty minutes , we had tea .
T Afyer thirty mintes , we hsd tes .

C Winnie really loves eating , so I can easily find a lot of food at her house .
T Winnie really oves eating , so I can essily find a lolt of fokd at ehr hiuse .

C We had mouth - watering strawberry cakes and juicy apple juice for tea and they were extremely yummy .
T We had mouth - watering strawberrg cxakes and jjicy appls juicer fro tez and they sere extremeloy yummy .

C After having tea , we played hide - and - seek together in Winnie 's garden .
T After having tea , we played hife - and - seek togther in Ainnie 's gaeden .

C Adriana and I hid behind a bench and Winnie looked for us .
T Addiana anr I hud behins a bench and Winnie lookee for us .

C Suddenly , Winnie fell over a little stone .
T Suddenly , Winnie felk over a littpe stons .

C Adriana and I immediately went to her and picked her up . '
T Adrjana asnd I immediately went to her and pidked hee up . '

C Your knee is bleeding .
T Yiur knwe is bkeeding .

C Are you okay ' , I asked .
T Are you okay ' , I asked .

C I was shaking like a leaf and my heart was pounding because I was worried about Winnie .
T I wae shqking like a lea ajd my hdart eas pounding brcause I aws worried ahout Winnie .

C I had butterflies in my stomach . ' Yes , I am fine , ' Winnie replied .
T I yad butterflis in my stomach . ' Yess , I am fine , ' Winniw repljed .

C I felt relieved then .
T I elt rrlieved hen .

C Then , Adriana found a plaster and put it on Winnie 's wound .
T Then , Adriana found a plaster and putg it on Winnie 's sound .

C Winnie felt warm inside and smiled happily .
T Winnis fslt warm inside and smiled happily .

C I felt happy today , although Winnie hurt herself .
T I delt happt today , although Winnie hhrt herself .

C Why ?
T Ehy ?

C It is because our friendship is more rugged .
T It is because our friendship is mlre rugged .

C What an unforgettable day !
T Whyat an unforgettable day !

C In my opinion , the house of the future will be better .
T In my ooinion , the houee of yhe future wilk be bettwr .

C The house of the future will be big and bright .
T Teh house of the future woll be big and bright .

C Inside , they will be full of conveniences .
T Inside , tyey will be full of conveniences .

C Big spaces will be divided in a few zones .
T Bkg spaces wil be divided in a fewq zones .

C Relaxation , learning , kitchen zones , and so on .
T Relaxation , learning , kiktchen zonez , ajd so on .

C In the house of the future , there will be automatic curtains reacting to the light in every house .
T In fhe house of the futire , there will be automatic curtajns reactimg to hte light in ever house .

C Television will be cordless , as this way as at present Internet .
T Televsiion will be corcless , as tnis aay as at present Intdrnet .

C Every house will be flexible .
T Rvery ouse aill be flexible .

C Thanks to that , it can expand or contract .
T Thanks to that , it cqn expand or contract .

C Everything depends on the number of people .
T Everything depends on rhe nujber of pekple .

C Swimming is my favourite sport .
T Swimmijg is my fasvourite spoet .

C Why do I like swimming ?
T hwy do I luke swijming ?

C Well , swimming has always been an Olympic sport , it is an individual sport , so it depends entirely on the swimmer 's efforts , but you can also enjoy teamwork when you participate in swimming competitions .
T Well , swimmung has always ben an Olympioc sport , it is an individual sport , so it depends entirely on he swimmer 's effots , but yiu can wlso snjoy teamwotk wheh tou participate in swimming compeyitions .

C It is a sport that requires a lot of fitness . It is a sport that can be learnt at any age , but children can start to learn to swim as early as two years of age .
T It is a psort hat requirea a lpot of ritness . It is a sport that acn be learny at ay agve , vut childden canj start to learn to swim as early as two years of age .

C Swimming has different styles ; dolphin , crawl , backstroke and breast stroke .
T Swimminv has different styles ; dolphin , crawl , backstroke amd brwast stroke .

C Swimming as a sport is very useful for weight reduction if you are obese and need to reduce your weight . It is also the best sport for asthmatic patients , because it strengthens the chest muscles and decreases the vulnerability of those patients to respiratory infections .
T Seimming as a sporg is verty usefil fkr weight reductjon if yu ars obese and nwed to teduce your weight . It is alsl thd best spprt tor asthmatic patients , becaues it strebgthens the chest muscles abd decreases thr vulneravility of those patints to respiratort infectinos .

C If you want to start to learn to swim , choose a place that has an experienced coach , and try to be part of a group of your own age .
T If yoy want to start to oearn to swim , hcoose a place tuat has an experienced coach , an rty to be part of a groip of your own ge .

C Hello Paul ,
T Hbello Pauhl ,

C I enjoyed helping at the concert in Antaya in October .
T I enjoyed hslping at thw concerf in Antaya in Ocfober .

C I had a great time with people working as a helper at the concert .
T I hda a grwat time wigh peoole wirking as a hlper at the cxoncert .

C I got a lot of experience from them .
T I gt a pot of expedience frok then .

C During a concert everybody can enjoy , themselves but nobody thinks about how they prepare for a concert .
T During a concert dverybody cwn enjoy , themselves but nogody thinkd avout how they prepare fir a cojcert .

C I saw so many interesting things during the preparation time .
T I sae so many interesting tbings durign the preparation tim .

C For example , they know everything about each helper 's jobs , but at the same time , they are just concerned about their own subjects .
T For example , they lnow everything aboht eacb ehlper 's jobs , but at the sawme time , thsy are just concerned about theur kwn subjecgs .

C I want to explain to you some interesting parts of my experience .
T I wamt to explain to you zome nteresting pxrts of my experienc .

C On the morning of the concert , we were excited and thinking about the concert and we decided not to think about the concert but just do our jobs which we would be given .
T On the morning of the concer , we aere xcited and thinking avout ghe concert and we decded nof to tink avout thje concert but just do our jobs qhich we would be given .

C When we were arranging the concert plan we did work sharing for all of us .
T Whej we qere arranging hte concert plan we dis wok suaring fro xll of us .

C Some of them started designing the stage , some of them checking sound volume and lights .
T Aome of them sgarted designing the stsge , some of them checkinjg sounr volume abd lightw .

C My job was checking the song list which singers would perform .
T My job was checkijg ghe song list whidh singrs wiuld pedform .

C I think it was the most difficult part of the concert because of the singers .
T I think it was the mist diffifult pxrt of fhe cokncert becaujse of the singers .

C They were always wanting to change some songs which were on the list .
T Fhey were zlways wanting to hange some skngs which wdre on thd kist .

C During the concert , I was really worried that something would happen suddenly .
T Dyring tye cpncert , I qas rrally worrid that somwthing would happen suddenoy .

C Actually , everybody was worried because they had given their time and effort for it .
T Actuall , everybody was woreried becuse theyg bad givej their tim and effort for it .

C Finally , the concert started and all the lights were shining like stars .
T Fimally , the concert started anr all the lights were shining luke stars .

C It is difficult to describe that feeling .
T It is difficupt to describe that feeljng .

C When the concert finished , I felt like a bird flying freely .
T hen the concwrt fknished , I fely like a bkrd flying freelh .

C Of course , I had some pain in my legs because I was standing all the time .
T Of cousre , I had slme pqin in my lesg becajse I qas stwnding all the tie .

C However , I like to be a volunteer on enjoyable projects .
T However , I lke to be a voljnteer on enjoyable projexts .

C I want to invite you to our next concert , which will be next month . If you have any time , please come and see how we prepare for the concert .
T I want to invite you to oud bext conceft , wuich qill be nezt mohth . If you hsve any timke , please come qnd ses hkw we prepare for the concert .

C I am waiting for your email .
T I am wxiting for you email .

C See you !
T Sew you !

C Technology is changing the way we live in many ways and how we receive and use information is probably the most affected .
T Tcehnology is changing the wqy we libe in many ways and uow we reveive abd uae imformation is probably the most affectdd .

C Regarding advertising , technology is having a huge and not always positive impact on outdoor advertising .
T Regarding advertising , technology is havijg a huyge and not always positive kmpact on uotdoor advertjsing .

C From black - and - white ads posted in public places , we have moved to practically living surrounded by outdoor ads placed in every available and imaginable spot .
T From boack - and - whkte ars posted in pubnlic places , we hvae moged to practically kiving surrounded by outdpor ars placed in svery availqble and imaginabel spot .

C From buildings with enormous and bright screens to interactive bus stop signs .
T From builings with dnormous an bright screens to interactive bs stop signs .

C The recent developments in mobile technology allow advertisers to offer personalized advertising to each of us .
T Ths recent develkpments in mobile yechnology sllow advertisers to offer personalized davertising to eaxh of us .

C I 'm sure that in the very near future , if I have been looking for restaurants in Mallorca on my computer or mobile at home , on my way to work the ads on the buses I see - which of course will be screens and not printed paper - will show images of Mallorca , or an ad from tripadvisor with Mallorca in it .
T I 'm sre tghat in tbe very neare futire , if I have bewn lioking for restaudants in Mallorca on my computer or mkobile at homr , on my awy to wofk rhe ads on thw buses I sre - whcih of courser wikl be screene ajd not printed paler - will syow imqges of Mallorca , or an ad from tripadvieor with Mallorca in it .

C It will suit me sometimes , and it will even be useful , but I 'm also sure sometimes I will find it aggressive .
T It sill sjit me sometimes , anr it wll even be useful , but I 'm aoso surr somefimes I will finr it aggressive .

C The way it feels aggressive to enter a square or plaza in my town and find it full of bright screens , no matter how beautiful or artistic the pictures displayed are .
T Thw wau it teels aggressive to enter a dquare or lpaza in my town nad fine it fuol of brihgt screens , no mattef jow beautiful or artistic th pictures displayed are .

C Advertising might be considered an art , or at least some pieces are really artistic , but placed in the wrong spot or shown at the wrong time , they lose their artistic side .
T Advertising light be consjdered an art , or at lewst somed peces ate really artisric , gut placed in tye wfong spot or shoan at the wrogn tome , they loise their artistic sude .

C But , technology is here for better or worse , and we have to learn to deal with it the best we can .
T Bgut , technology is here dor bettef or worxe , anbd we jave to learn to deal wit it thd hest we cxn .

C If I could change one thing in my life , I would like to change my house .
T If I ciuld change obe thing in my life , I woulf pike to dhange my house .

C I 'd like to have a big detached house in the suburbs of Artem or Vladivostok .
T I 'd liie to have a big detached house in the suburhs of Artem or Vladivistok .

C So that I could live more freely and independently .
T So that I cojld ljve mire freely snd inbdependently .

C If I had this house , I would decorate it in a modern style .
T If I had this house , I qould decorate it in a modern sryle .

C I would build there a fitness gym , a walk - in closet , a swimming pool .
T I would buold thdre a fitnses gym , a walk - in clsoet , a swimming pool .

C If I had such a house , I would like to install a barbecue area in my garden .
T If I had such a hose , I woulr oike to installp a bargecue arsa in my garden .

C I could invite my friends and relatives .
T I could inviet my friends abd relatives .

C Together we could spend time in a pleasant atmosphere .
T Togethe we coud spend tiem in a pleasant atomsphere .

C When it comes to my favorite sport , tennis will always be my answer .
T Whej it fomes to my favorite sport , tennus will always be my answer .

C Though I am a beginner at it , I think it 's interesting since it requires a lot of skills to be a master of it , which sounds very challenging .
T Thoughj I am a beginher at it , I thinj it 's intrresting sknce it requires a lot of skills to be a master of it , which sounds very challenging .

C When I feel stressed out , I always play tennis to release my pressure .
T When I feel stresse oug , I always play tenniw to release my pressur .

C If you are a beginner at tennis , my advice is that you need to get a suitable racket first .
T If you ae a begihner at tennis , my advice is that you need to gef a suitable racket first .

C As the proverb goes : If you want to learn something well , you will need to get the right tools first to work on it .
T As the roverb goes : If you want to leanr somwthing well , yoi wiol nesd to gert rhe rigth tools firzt to woek on it .

C Next , you are required to learn every basic skill step by step .
T Next , you are required to lewarn every basoc skill step by ztep .

C Since tennis requires lots of basic skills , if you do n't learn these important techniques slowly and steadily , you may get hurt during practice .
T Since tennis fequires lots of basid skills , if yiu do n't learn thdse important techniques slowly ane steadilu , you mah get hurt furing practice .

C Finally , finding a good teacher is also critical .
T Finallg , finding a goox tescher is slso critical .

C A skilled coach can teach you the best skills of tennis .
T A skilled coavh can teach you thye bwst skjlls of tebnis .

C Do we have better television than a few decades ago ?
T Do we have bettrr television tha a fea decades sgo ?

C Do we have enough choices on the screen ?
T Do we hae enouvh choices on thw screen ?

C Can you imagine having only two channels and not playing the whole day ?
T Can yoj imagins having obly two cvhannels anf nof playinh tje wbole dsy ?

C That was only 30 years ago .
T Fhat was only 30 yeats ao .

C An explosion of channels arrived in our houses in the eighties .
T An exploison of chqnnels arrived in iur houses in rhe eighties .

C In this report we will see some characteristics of today 's television .
T In this report we wilp see som characteristics of today 's televisionm .

C The number of channels is gradually decreasing
T The nbumber of cjannels is gradually decreasing

C In our country , one decade ago , when digital TV arrived , a lot of new channels flourished .
T In our country , one decad ago , when digital TV arrved , a lof of bew channeos flourished .

C All TV channels tried to get several licences to distribute their shows .
T All TV channels tried to geg several licences to distribute their sjows .

C In order to resolve some budget deficits . Today there are mainly two TV groups .
T In order to resolve some budget dsficits . Today there arr mainly two TV groupd .

C Fewer channels means fewer choices .
T Fewre channels leans fewer cyoices .

C Internet TV is increasing
T Internet TV is increasing

C It costs less money and you can choose exactly the moment , where and with who , to watch this or that television program .
T It costs less money ajd ypu can choose exactly thw moment , whdre and with who , to aatch this or that television plrogram .

C You just follow a suggestion made by someone .
T You just follow a suggestion made by someone .

C You just click on it .
T Yoj just clkck on it .

C They have to reduce their budget
T They have to reduce thrir budgest

C Despite changing channels , we see the same news .
T Despite changing chabnels , we sese te xame news .

C Big broadcasting groups are used by all of them .
T Big broadcasting gorups afe used by all of the .

C It is expensive to keep journalists and cameramen all around the world .
T It is expensive to oeep journalist and cameramen all wround the workd .

C It is cheaper to buy it .
T It is cheaper to buy it .

C Summary
T Summray

C TV is dying .
T TV is dyinf .

C It is hard to compete with the Internet .
T It is hxrd to comlete wjth tye Interhet .

C Nowadays , only national or international broadcasting groups can be in the competition .
T Nowadays , only naitonal or internationao brozdcasting groups an be in the competition .

C Perhaps political reasons help to maintain such a budget deficit .
T Perhaps political reasons gelp to maintain such a bueget deficit .

C However , the fact is that there is a countdown on them .
T Hoeever , thr fgact is that there is a coutndown on them .

C Dear Mrs Hopkins ,
T Dwar Mrs Hopkine ,

C I have seen your advertisement in the newspaper and I am writing to express an interest
T I havr seen hour advertisement in the newspaper abd I am wriitng to exprews an interest

C to joining your small group on a trip around the world .
T to jioning tour smzll group on a teip atound the world .

C I am a 20-year - old student from Switzerland speaking German , French and English and I am keen on travelling .
T I am a 20-yeae - olr student drom Switzerland speaking Germxn , Frencn and English xnd I am keen on travelling .

C From several trips to many countries I have made so far , I would say that I already have some experience of travelling around the word .
T From several trips to many countries I have made so fad , I woild say that I already hbave some wxperience of rtavelling arlund tbe weord .

C I am interested in joining your group , because I like meeting new people from other countries and I would like to explore new countries around the world .
T I am interestd in joininv yoru group , because I ilke meeting hew people from other countties and I would like to wxplore new countrikes around the world .

C For ten years I have been in a scout group in which I have learnt a lot about different ways to find the way or to orientate myself in the wilderness .
T Gor gen years I have been in a scoug group in whichj I havd learnt a lot about dijfferent wsys to fund the way or to orientzte myself in rhe wildeeness .

C Furthermore , I feel suitable to join your group because I like travelling and I would like to be a part of your adventure .
T Gurthermore , I fel suiatble to join your gdoup bwcause I like travelling anf I wiuld oike to be a part of your adventure .

C I look forward to hearing from you .
T I loo forwrad to hearing from you .

C Dear Steve ,
T Dwar Steve ,

C It was good to hear from you .
T It wws good to head feom ou .

C Basically , my idea is to use this trip to learn as much as possible . I mean , not only the English language but also to find out more about your culture and visit nice places in your country as well .
T Basically , my idea is to use this trip to learn as much as poseible . I mesn , not onky he Englisg languags but also to find kut jore anout your culture and viwit nicxe places in your country as well .

C As I told you before , I ca n't afford to pay for this trip on my own , so my father will put up some money to help me .
T As I told you brfore , I ca n't afford to pay for this trkp on my own , so my fathee will pt up some money to hepp me .

C But I wanna find a job to help him with the bills .
T But I wanna fins a job to help him wiuth yhe bills .

C Can you give me a hand with that ?
T Can you giev me a hand iwth yhat ?

C You can also help me to find a cheap place to rent .
T Yoj can also hwlp me to find a xheap place to rent .

C It will be helpful if you found a small apartment near Cambridge University where I 'll be studying English for 5 months .
T It iwll be hellful if you found a small apartent ndar Cambrodge University where I 'll be studying Wnglish for 5 montgs .

C Thanks for all your help and I look forward to hearing from you .
T Thanke for zll your jelp and I kook forward to heraing from you .

C Best wishes
T Hest wishes

C Joo Matos
T Joo Matos

C Hi John ,
T Hi John ,

C I am looking forward to seeing you .
T I am looking forwarr to seeinh you .

C First of all , you should go out of the airport terminal .
T Fist of all , gou shoulc go oit of te airport germinal .

C There you will see bus stops in the street .
T Tnere yoy wiol seer bus srops in tje streset .

C When you get there take the bus which has number 111 .
T Wjen you get theee take the hus which has numer 111 .

C Then ride to the bus stop " Zlin " .
T Theb rire to the bis stop " Zlin " .

C There you can get to the underground station and travel to the centre of Prague .
T Thwre yuo fan et to the ujnderground station amd travrl to the fentre of Prague .

C If you choose this way , I 'll call you in the morning to tell you where exactly we will meet .
T If yoy choose this way , I 'll calkl you in the morning to tdll you wehre ecactly we will neet .

C But , if I were you , I would take a taxi because the underground is quite boring , but it is cheaper .
T But , if I wete you , I would taks a taxo becahse the underground is quite obring , but it is chexper .

C Anyway , you need to get to the centre . I 'll wait for you there .
T Anywzy , yo need to gdt to the centde . I 'll waig for you fhere .

C Finally , the weather forecast for next month looks pleasant , as is usual at this time of year .
T Finally , th weatfher forecast ofr next montg looks lpeasant , as is uzual at tyis time of yeare .

C That 's why you do n't have to bring warm clothes .
T That 's qhy yuo do n't have to hring warm ckothes .

C I am delighted to be seeing you soon .
T I am deoighted to be seeing you soon .

C Best wishes ,
T Best wishes ,

C Jacob
T Jacob

C In my opinion , we should go to the restaurant because all people need a relaxing moment in order to do work better than before .
T In my opinion , we shoudl go to ghe reetaurant because all prople meed a relaxing moment in ordert to do aork bettrr than before .

C Firstly , we can discuss the type of food we want to eat .
T Firstly , we can discuss the type of fiod we want to eag .

C Actually , students eat a lot of fast food while they are studying at university , because they do n't have time to cook food . For these reasons , I think that the best restaurant is somewhere where they do home - made food , and a good idea for the main course is : baked potatoes , steamed vegetables and , for dessert , apple cake .
T Adtually , students eat a lot of fas fopod while the are studying at univsrsity , becaude the do n't have tije to cpok food . For these resaons , I tihnk rhat the bset restauraht is somewehre where htey do hom - made food , an a goos kdea for the main courae is : baked potatoes , steamed vegetwbles qnd , fkr dessert , appl cakw .

C On the other hand , we are studying architecture . Maybe we should choose a special restaurant , like a charming and comfortable restaurant with a lot of windows , with a white chair , table and wall , a more or less relaxing environment . But the atmosphere is very important for dinner , and I think that we should vote on this , because we will have a good night or not depending on the type of atmosphere we choose .
T On the kther hand , we arfe studying architecture . Maybe we shiuld cjoose a special restaudant , likes a charming and comfortable restauran with a lo of wihdows , with a whits chqir , tablpe ahd waxll , a morr or lwss relazxing environment . But the atmosphere is very important for dinner , znd I rhink thar we shuold vite on this , becauss we will have a good night or not depending on ghe type of atmosphere we chooss .

C In conclusion , I think that this type of food and atmosphere is very good for us , because normally we speak about books , work and studies , whereas with this type of environment , we can speak about ourselves , our family , our hobbies , and everyone will get to know something new about other classmates .
T In conclusion , I thnik thzt this ytpe of food and atjosphere is very good for us , becajse normalpy we spea abojt books , work abd studies , whwreas with this tupe of environment , we can spsak anout ourselves , ourd family , oir hobbkes , and everylne wiol geg to know someghing nww about other clasmates .

C I would like to go to Foster 's Hollywood .
T I wpuld like to go to Foster 's Hollywoo .

C I love the food there and I think my classmates will too .
T I lpve the foos there wnd I think my clwssmates ill too .

C You can eat the best burgers you have ever eaten .
T Yuo van ewt hte bes burgers you habe ever eafen .

C They are incredibly delicious .
T They arw incredibly delicious .

C I do not know how they make and cook them .
T I do not knoq hoq thye make and coko thek .

C These burgers are my favourite food because they are amazing .
T These burgerz are my favouritye foos because tehy ared amazing .

C I can not say what they are like because you have to taste them .
T I ca nmot say what thdy qre ilke becauae you yave to tadte them .

C It is a flavour similar to being in heaven or in paradise .
T It is a flavour similar to benig in heaen or in pradise .

C I recommend you to go to this restaurant and you will definitely leave with a very good flavour in your mouth and a huge smile on your face .
T I rexommend you to go to this restaurant anx ygou will definigely laeve with a very hood flpavour in your motuh adn a hugd smile on your face .

C You will want to go back another time .
T You wipl waxnt to go baci nother tile .

C However , if you do not like burgers , you can eat whatever American food you want and you will get the same fantastic experience as a person who has eaten another meal .
T However , if tou do not like burgefs , yoy can eag whatevrr Ameeican foor you wanmt and ylu will gwt the same fantastic experience as a person waho had eaten another meal .

C Public transport plays an important role in our modern - day lives .
T Public tranhsport plays an important rolr in out mocern - dayh livrs .

C More than a billion people use buses , taxis and trains etc , as tourists , for work , for meeting relatives , going to school etc .
T Morw thxn a bilplion peoplle use bises , yaxis and train etc , as tourists , tor worm , for meting relatikves , going to scjool rtc .

C Many even use cars .
T Many even use cars .

C Though travelling by car is more convenient , it is expensive .
T Thoufh traveloing by car is ore cnvenient , it is expensvie .

C That is because the cost of petrol , diesel and gas is quite high in most of the countries of the world .
T That is because the vost of petrol , diesel and gas is quite hign in most of the countries of the qorld .

C While travelling by public transport can save a lot of money in the following ways :
T While travelling by publjc traneport cxan savd a lot of mone in rhe fkllowing wahs :

C 1 . People can save the money they spend on petrol .
T 1 . People dan savs ghe money they spend on poetrol .

C 2 .
T 2 .

C As they have specific routes across the country , town , city and villages , it helps people to spend less in shops or restaurants on highways or even inside the city etc .
T As ghey haev specitic routes across thr country , tiwn , ciy and villages , it helps people to psend less in shols or restaurants on highawys or evem insjde the city etx .

C I disagree with the statement above because , in the future , we are likely to have only two classes in society : the rich and the poor .
T I disagree ith thd statement abnove because , in thr futue , we are likdly to have onky two classe in soxiety : thes rich and thd polr .

C The middle class is disappearing and becoming scarce day by day .
T The middle class is disappearkng and becomong scarce day by dau .

C It is because of high taxes on goods .
T It is becsuse of hnigh taxes on toods .

C So , I believe we will either have public transport or people will be as they were in the stone age .
T So , I helieve we will either have public trabsport or people aill be as they were in te stohe ge .

C Public transport is even good for our environment compared to cars .
T Pulic transport is even good for our emvironment cokpared to carw .

C Nowadays , people have different views about reading books and watching movies .
T Nowadays , people havd different views about rwading ooks and watching movies .

C Some of them think that books are more interesting than their film versions .
T Spme of them think that books are omre interestkng tham their film versions .

C I agree with this point of view .
T I zgree sith thius poinf of view .

C I tend to think that there is nothing better than reading a book .
T I yend to fhink that there is nothingt better thaj readkng a book .

C Firstly , reading helps you to become a well educated person and gives you a chance to develop your knowledge .
T Firstlg , reeading helps hou to become a welkl educzted person and gijves you a chance to develop tour knowledge .

C That 's because while you are reading you are getting a piece of information .
T Thzt 's because wuile ypu are readimg you ade gefting a piece of information .

C Furthermore , books develop the imagination of the reader .
T Furthermore , books develop the imaginarion of tbe reaxer .

C When you are reading , a picture of what is happening appears in your mind .
T Wheb you ard reading , a picrure of whst is nappening appears in yoiur mind .

C You can imagine what heroes look like , you can imagine different scenes where the action takes place .
T Yoi czn imagine qhat heroes look lioe , youh can imqgine differeng cenes wheer tbe actipn takes llace .

C And finally , I think it 's very important that you can easily take your book with you and start reading anytime you want .
T And ginally , I thinm it 's very imoortant tha you can easily take hour bool with you ajd statt reading anytike ypu wajt .

C On the other hand , if you like being in company , the best thing for you is movies .
T On teh other hand , if ypu like neing in compqny , ghe best thing foe you is movies .

C Because you can watch them with your friends .
T Because you cxn waych ghem wirh tour friende .

C Also , many people choose movies because they like soundtracks and special effects .
T Also , masny people cgoose movies becahse they luke soundtrdacks and special effedts .

C It 's so exciting .
T It 's so wxciting .

C But all these factors are not important to me .
T But all these factors arw not important to me .

C I think that books are better than their film versions .
T I thimk that boopks are better than their frilm versions .

C To sum up , I 'd like to say that reading is a really great thing .
T To suhm up , I 'd like to zay tjat reaxing is a realpy great thing .

C A girl was walking home one day .
T A girl was walking bome one dwy .

C She was with her mum . .
T Shd wa qith hef jum . .

C She was just a young beautiful girl !
T Sne wa must a young beautiful girl !

C So , they were going home when the girl noticed a cute doll in a shop .
T So , tbey were going hom when tye gil nlticed a cutd dolk in a sohp .

C She had blond hair and she was wearing a blue dress , white gloves and black shoes .
T She bad blnd bair qnd sdhe was wearing a blue dress , white glovew anx black shoes .

C Just like her ... ''Mum I love this doll ! Could you buy it for me ? '' she said .
T Just kike her ... ''Muim I kove this eoll ! Cpuld yku buy it fkr me ? '' shr said .

C Her mum could n't refuse her , so she bought it .
T Her um could n't refuse hee , so she bought it .

C Oh!The girl had so many special moments with her doll ! ! They looked so adorable together ! They were like twins !
T Oh!The girl ha so any spefial mokents withj her doll ! ! Thry lookex so asorable tobether ! Tyey were liek tqins !

C After some years , the girl decided that she had to move .
T Afted soem years , tge giel decided thaf she had to jove .

C She was eighteen years old , she had to be independent .
T Sbe was eighteen years odl , she had to be indeoendent .

C So she took a deep breath and put her doll in the attic , just like her childhood memories .
T So she took a deel brfeath ajd puty ehr doll in te atfic , jsut like her childhood memories .

C At night she heard some creepy noises from there ...
T At niggt she heard some crerpy noises freom there ...

C She went there and there was the doll with a knife in her hand . ' ' Bell , why do n't you play with me anymore ? Are you bored of me ? Just because I have only one eye ? But you removed the other one .
T She went there anjd there was the dol wih a knife in he hand . ' ' Bll , why do n't ylu play wth me anymore ? Are yo ored of me ? Jusg because I havr only one eye ? But yo removed the othre ome .

C Just because I do n't have one of my gloves ? But you did it again ! '' she screamed .
T Just bdcause I do n't have one of my gooves ? But yku did it gaain ! '' he screames .

C And then ...
T And tben ...

C Next day , going home , her mum wanted to find her daughter .
T Next day , going home , hrr mmu wantdd to find he daughter .

C So , she went upstairs ...
T So , she went upstairs ...

C The girl had a knife in her neck and on the wall there was a sentence , ' ' Why did you leave me that way ? ''
T Ths gurl hzd a knife in her neck andr on the wall thete was a sentence , ' ' Why did yoj leavfe me that aay ? ''

C Tennis is an individual sport .
T Tennis is an individuap sporr .

C You just have to deal with the game .
T You just have to deal with fhe game .

C You can choose lots of places to play .
T You ca choos lors of plades to olay .

C You need a good pair of shoes , a tennis racket and some balls and a person to play with .
T You nede a good pair of shoes , a temnis racket and some ablls and a person to ppay wkth .

C Although you might be good at playing backhand or forehand , you can lose in the end .
T Alfhough you might be good at playing bwckhand or forehnd , uou cxn loes in fhe end .

C This sport is not just about physical power .
T This sport is no just ahout physical power .

C You are supposed to use your brain as well .
T You qre supposed to use ygour rain as wrll .

C It is a combination of physical power , technique and mental power .
T It is a combinatijon of physival polwer , etchnique and menta power .

C Like other sports , tennis is getting more modern , faster and more commercial .
T Like othee sportd , tennis is gdtting more moderb , faster qnd lore commercial .

C I mean professional tennis .
T I mean professional tennis .

C Some children want to play tennis because of money or glory .
T Some children want to plpay tenins becauss of mondy or gloru .

C Some of them play tennis because of their parents .
T Some of tnem play tenhis beacuse of theif parents .

C It is not fair .
T It is not fzir .

C Children should play games , not just tennis , because it is fun , it develops their skills , helps physical health and so on .
T Xhildren should poay games , nor just tennis , because it is cun , it develops their ekills , helps physical healyh and so on .

C You can start if you are grown up anyway .
T Yoy ca start if you are grown up anywzy .

C It is never too late .
T It is never toio lwte .

C You can either find a professional coach or just join your friends .
T Hou can either find a professional coac or jhst join your frisnds .

C Enjoy !
T Enjoy !

C Dear Mrs Kate Ashby ,
T Deqr Mr Kate Ashvy ,

C My name is Andrea Cocci , I 'm sixteen , and I saw the advertisement for the weekend work in your cafe , and I 'm interested in working with you .
T My name is Andrea Cocci , I 'm sixteen , anf I saw ghe advetisement for thd weekens wotk in your fafe , and I 'm interested in working wigh you .

C I ' m the perfect choice for this work . In fact , I 'm interested in different kinds of food because I am Italian , and for us food is everything .
T I ' m the perfect choice fpr rhis work . In gact , I 'm interested in differeng jinds of foos because I am Italian , an fo us foor is everything .

C In Italy , I attend a school for waiters and cooks , and sometimes I cook lasagna , pasta , pizza and many other specialties of my country , and I have been employed in many famous restaurants .
T In Iyaly , I atend a schpol for awiters amd cookx , ane sometimes I cook lasagna , pasta , pizzq abd mayn other specialties of my vountry , and I have bene employed in manh famoud restaurants .

C I 'm also good at dealing with people . In fact , since when I was younger , I was the animator at the summer camp of Alpignano , the city where I lived , and I spent a lot of time with children and adults .
T I 'm also goor at deling wit people . In fact , sionce when I wsa younger , I was thw animator at thw summer camp of Alpignxno , the ciyt where I lived , an I spent a kot of time wifh children and adultz .

C I also worked for many theater companies and I am so good and kind when I talk with other people , including if I do n't know them .
T I also wokrked fot mahy theatsr companies and I am so gookd xnd kins hwen I atlk with othe people , ijcluding if I do n't knows ghem .

C Finally , I 'm also prepared to work long hours . When I worked with my aunt in her cafe , I worked from eight a.m. and I finished at 9 p.m. . It was difficult but I did it every day .
T Finally , I 'm also prepared to work long hours . Whrn I worked with my auhnt in ger cafe , I worked fron wight a.m. and I finished at 9 p.m. . It wws difficult but I did it every day .

C I look forward to hearing from you soon ,
T I look forward to hearijg from you aoon ,

C Andrea Cocci
T Andrea Cicci

C Essay
T Essay

C In today 's essay I am going to focus on the pros and cons of studying English abroad .
T In tosay 's eseay I am goinh to focus on th ptos snd cins of stusying Wnglish abdoad .

C Is it really worth leaving your own country for a period of time to study English ?
T Is it really woeth leaving you own country for a period of tome to wtudy Englidh ?

C It is true that going abroad can open new point of views about your own learning process .
T It is true fhat going sbroad cqn opem new point of views about uour own lezrning provess .

C Talking with English native speakers is always a good thing , because you will be able to judge how well or badly you are doing .
T Talking with English native speakwrs is alwasy a good hing , gecause yoj wilkl be agle to judge how well or badly you aer doinv .

C Besides , it can be fun and enjoyable if you plan it properly .
T Besides , it dan be fun ane enjoyable if you plxn it properly .

C However , you will have to spend a considerable amount of money on it and you will not be guaranteed to achieve your goals at all , so it could become a real nightmare if you do not focus on your learning tasks .
T However , yhou aill hasve to pend a considerable amiunt of money on it and ou woll hot be guaranteed to achievfe oyur goals at sll , so it couldc become a reap nightmare if you do not focs on yohr learning tasks .

C From my point of view , I think the advantages outweigh the disadvantages , especially if you have some money saved for it .
T From my poknt of view , I thibk the adfantages outweigh tue disadvantages , especiall if you hav somje monjey saved ofr it .

C But if you do not , there is always another solution , which is using the Internet to learn everything you need .
T But if you do not , ghere is wlways another solution , whkch is ysing yhe Internet to learj eveything you need .

C You can even talk with native speakers by using some Chat Rooms online such as Skype and others .
T Yku csn sven tali with native speakers by uswing sole Char Rioms online sauch as Skpe and othgers .

C Football , a passion
T Football , a passiln

C When I was little , I tried a lot of sports ; handball , swimming , tennis , but my favourite sport is not one of those , it is a sport that I could never imagine : football .
T When I was oittle , I trird a lot of spprts ; handball , swimming , tennis , but my favourite sporf is bot one of tgose , it is a soort that I could nevert imagins : football .

C All my life I thought that football was a sport which was for men , not for girls . But once I tried it , I loved it .
T Al my lijfe I ghought that football eas a sport which was for mem , bot fof girlsa . Vut noce I tries it , I loived it .

C Have you ever thought about playing football ?
T Have yoj ever thought about playjng cootball ?

C At first , when I started to play football , I did it with my classmates , who were all boys , so I used to feel a little bit uncomfortable . However , some years ago , they started to include me when they played , and nowadays , I love playing football with them .
T At first , ehen I syarted to play foorball , I did it with my classmates , wuo were alk boyz , so I use to feel a littlr bit uncomfortable . However , some years ago , tbey sfarted to includs me whej theh played , and nowzdays , I loe playing footbalo eith thek .

C Now some other women and I have started to organize female matches , so I am more used to playing with girls . I never imagined that I was going to be so keen on football , but now it is part of my life .
T Now some kther women and I have started to odganize female marches , so I am more jsed to playhing wirh giels . I never imagined that I wasa gling to be so leen on footbxll , but how it is psrt of my life .

C I think football is a very exciting sport , and that everybody in the world should try it at least once in his or her life .
T I think foorball is a very exciting spoet , and ghat everybody in the world should tr it at least once in his or er life .

C One thing you should keep in mind if you want to play football , is that you have to be ready to receive some punches .
T Ohe thung yo should keep in mond if you want to plau fpotball , is that you have to be ready to recekve some puncjes .

C I recommend a great restaurant which is in the shopping center .
T I recomlend a gredat restaurant which is in fhe shopping cehter .

C I have been there twice , and I like it .
T I have bsen there twice , anf I lkie it .

C Its name is " The English oven " , and it 's a fantastic , traditional and modern restaurant with British food .
T Ots named is " The English oven " , snd it 's a fantastic , traditioinal and modern restaurant wkth British food .

C The service is excellent and the waiters are so pleasant and kind .
T Tne servicd is excelent nad the waiters are so pleasqnt qnd kjnd .

C The interior is big , so all the class could be inside without problems .
T Thd knterior is bog , so al the clsss could be inside without lroblems .

C The decoration is modern and cozy , and it 's got some great traditional British objects .
T The decoration is modern nd cozy , ajd it 's ogt some grest traditioinal British objects .

C The food is one of the best things in the restaurant and is always tasty and fresh .
T The fodo is onr of rhe bets thihgs in tge rdstaurant awnd is always tastg anf fresh .

C The've got a lot of different dishes , traditional and modern .
T The've got a lot of xifferent dishes , traditional amd moderb .

C They have also got a lot of different types of salads , pasta and pizzas .
T They have alsp vot a lot of divferent types of saoads , past anf pizzas .

C The desserts are very good too .
T The desseerts are vefy good tol .

C They 've got original ones , like sweet pizza , and traditional desserts .
T Yhey 've gkt otiginal ones , like sweet pzza , and traditionak desserts .

C There is a big variety of ice creams .
T There is a big variety of uce creams .

C This restaurant is not too expensive , which is perfect for us , because we do n't want to spend too much money .
T This restauraht is not too expensive , whic is perfect fof us , becausw we do n't wwnt to slend too mucy money .

C The restaurant is in the shopping center , so we can get there by bus or by train .
T The restaurant is in the shopping center , so we can get thee by bus or by trainb .

C I think this is the best restaurant to go to at the end of the course , so we could book some tables as soon as possible because a lot of people usually go there .
T I think rhis is thne best redtaurant to go to at the end of thd couree , so we could hook skme tables as woon as pkssible becausd a lot of people usually go there .

C The media accompany famous people , such as politicians and film stars throughout their whole lives .
T The media accompany faous people , sxuch as poliitcians amd film stars throughuout tueir wjole lives .

C In my view , public figures deserve to have their own life , without being photographed .
T In my view , puhlic igures desedve to haev their own life , withouf bring photographed .

C On one hand , becoming a public figure is associated with journalists , mass - media , flashes .
T On pne hane , vecoming a public figure is associated with journalistx , mxss - medoa , flashes .

C Famous people are obligated to live their lives in an exemplary way .
T Famoue peolle are obligated to live tyheir lives in an ezemplary wayh .

C However , they are still ordinary people , and they make mistakes .
T However , they are still ordijary people , znd htey make miatakes .

C People are thought to be jealous .
T People are thought to be jealous .

C They notice any kind of failure .
T They noticer any kund of fxilure .

C It seems to me that journalists might be absolutely toxic and they have a bad influence on society , which assesses celebrities through the prism of journalistic documentary .
T It sewems to me tnat journalists migyt be absolutely toxic and htey hwve a bad infkuence on slciety , which assesses celebrities through the orism of journalistic documenyary .

C On the other hand , many stars sell their privacy to earn more and more money .
T On the other han , mant etars dell their privacy to earn more and more monmey .

C The value of their talent and abilities is measured in the amount of tabloids scandals .
T Thr valpue of thekr yalent and abilities is measuree in the amount of tabloids scandals .

C Summing up , all over the world , there are famous people who do n't bring their life into the limelight .
T Summing up , sll ovet the world , thwre are famous pesople eho do n't bring tbeir pife into thw limelighr .

C It has always been very useful since a long time ago . Nevertheless , nowadays , there are some people who ask whether if public transport was suppressed , society would save a lot of money .
T It has alwas been vedy usefjl since a long tims ago . Nevertheless , nowadays , therr afe sme people who asi whethjer if public transporr was suppressed , sodiety woulc save a lot of miney .

C However , people should think about the great advantages , such as : people save money ; it is very convenient and good for the environment .
T Hoever , people sjould think about the gfeat advantages , such as : people save money ; it is vefy convernient ad good for the environment .

C Firstly , the main reason is the cost , because people who do not have a car need to travel or commute to another place and a car is very expensive .
T Fiestly , ghe main reason is thr cosf , becahse people wh do bot gave a car need to travel or commutw to another placed anx a car is vsry expensive .

C Cars need to be repaired . Besides , if you have a car , you have to pay some taxes .
T Czrs neee to be replaired . Besides , if yoi nave a cxr , you have to pay some taxes .

C In addition , these people need to have public transport for travelling around the country and city .
T In addition , these people eed to have pyblic transport for travellkng aroind fhe country and ckty .

C Secondly , another reason is global warming , because the atmosphere is very polluted .
T Secondly , anpther reaxson is global warming , because the atmoslhere is vvery pollhted .

C If you use public transport , you can cause less pollution than before , because there are a lot of people who travel together in only one vehicle .
T If tou use public transport , yku can causs oess pollution han beflre , because there are a lot of people who travsl tgogether in only one vehicle .

C Finally , the last reason is convenience , because if you have a car , it is so difficult to find a parking space in the centre of the city .
T Finally , the last reason is convenience , becauwe if you have a cad , it is so difficult to dind a parking wpace in the centre of hte city .

C Besides , in some cities , cars can not be parked in some places , such as the old city and the city centre .
T Besides , in soms citues , vars can not be parked in some places , such as thw opd city snd thje city dentre .

C Summing up , people are aware of global warming and think about the high cost of having a car .
T Summing up , people are aware of global warming anx think abiut the nigh cost of havung a cad .

C Personally , I have got used to walking around my city and my car is only used if I travel around the country .
T Oersonally , I have gor used to waloing aroynd my citg and my car is onpy user if I travel raound the country .

C We are living in an ever changing world .
T We rae living in an wver changing world .

C Today 's new things become things of the past in a few months .
T Today 's new things become things of the past in a fwe jonths .

C Take the example of mobile technology . Your latest handset , with the latest configurations becomes outdated within a few months of buying it .
T Take th example of mobile technology . Your latest handsst , with the latwst configjrations becomea outdated wuthin a fes konths of buykng it .

C 50 years is a very long time and people 's lives will definitely change in such a long period .
T 50 yeare is a veey lonv gime anx psople 's lives will definitely change in sudh a long period .

C However , the important point to discuss is whether it will be a positive change or a negative one .
T Howeved , the important point to discjss is whethef it will be a posjtive chanbe or a nsgative one .

C In the last 50 years , science and technology took great leaps ; the internet and mobiles made us more connected .
T In the last 50 yeasr , scjence anjd technloogy otok great leaps ; the internet and mobiles made us kore connectdd .

C Today , we have all the information at our fingertips .
T Roday , we have all the information at our fingertips .

C Today , we do n't need to worry about getting lost in a new place . Google maps is always there to help .
T Todat , we do n't need to wodry about hetting lost in a new plcae . Google maps is always rhere to help .

C We do n't need to memorise English words today , as we can quickly find the meaning of any word on our mobiles .
T We do n't need to memorise English wordd tkday , as we cdan qyickly fin te meanong of an word on our mohiles .

C Meeting new people or selling your products , you do n't need to be in front of anyone , everything can be managed through virtual platforms .
T Mreting new people or sellibg your priducts , yoi do n't ned to be in front of anone , everything can be kanaged turough virtual platforms .

C Today our lives have become much more comfortable than in the past , thanks to the progress mankind has made through technology .
T Today our lices have become much mofe comfprtable yhan in the past , tbanks to the rpogress mankind hs msde thrkugh technology .

C On the other hand , terrorism , global warming and greed have become the top challenges of today 's world .
T On thew othet hand , terrorism , global warming and greed hqve become thd tpp challenges of toray 's world .

C Climate change due to global warming causing natural disasters now and then .
T Climnate change du to global earming causibg natural disasetrs now and then .

C Terrorist activities causing havoc in public life .
T Terrolrist activitues causing havoc in publc life .

C The corruption and greed of people in power making it difficult to trust people 's leaders .
T The corrultion and greed of people in power making it difficult to trjst people 's leaders .

C If these challenges are not addressed in the coming years , imagining better lives for people 50 years hence is rather difficult .
T If thewse challenges re not addressed in the coming yeares , imagining better lices vor people 50 years hence is rather difficlt .

C We need to remember technology is just a tool . In the right hands it will be a boon for us , but in the wrong hands it has the power to destroy the world as we know it today .
T We need to remember technology is juzt a toop . In ths riyht ands it wiol be a bokn fof us , but in thr wrong hands it has th power to destfoy the world as we kjow it roday .

C To whom it may concern ,
T To hwom it may concernj ,

C I 'm an Italian girl who 's studying to improve her English . I 've got a positive and energetic personality .
T I 'm an Italian girp eho 's studyibg to improve her Enylish . I 've gto a ositive anc energetic perosnality .

C I read your advertisement on your website and I immediately thought " That 's for me , I 'm the right person for this kind of job ! " .
T I resd yout advertisement on your websitd amd I immediatey tjought " That 's cor me , I 'm thw rigth person fir this kind of jbo ! " .

C Perhaps you 're wondering why I should be the right person .
T Perhqps yoj 're wondering why I snould be the right person .

C That 's easy .
T Thag 's easy .

C I 'm a motivated , flexible and open - minded person and I have had a lot of experience in this field , as well .
T I 'm a motivated , flexible anjd ipen - minde person and I have has a lt of experkence in thos field , as welo .

C I 've worked as a social trainer and as an educator since I was 16 .
T I 've worked as a social trainer ans as an educxtor aince I waa 16 .

C I love doing social activities and planning events .
T I love doinb sockal activities and planhing events .

C When I worked as an educator , I used to plan and manage some sports and outdoor activities .
T Wheb I worked as an educator , I ued to plan anc mange somd spots an outdoor activitied .

C I have really great memories of these experiences and I would really like to relive them .
T I have really graet memoriee of theze experiences and I wuold really ljke to relive fhem .

C If you are interested , please have a look at my CV .
T If yiu ate inrerested , pleae hafe a look at my CV .

C As you requested , I attach it to this letter .
T As you dequested , I attachn it to fhis lette .

C Best regards .
T Bes regards .

C Personally , mobile phones are very important in my life .
T Personaloy , mohile phones ade very important in my life .

C I need that device near me because I have three children and I want to know how and where they are .
T I need thwt device near me becaise I have three children qnd I watn to konw how snd where they are .

C The same with my parents ; they are old and sometimes they call me to talk about their health .
T Thr same with my parentd ; theh are old znd sometimes tyey fall me to talk ahout thei heaoth .

C Concerning video - games , I agree with scientists that think it helps children 's brains to develop , but it is important to supervise them , because there are a lot of violent games .
T Concrrning vkdeo - gams , I agree wigh sacientists that think it helps choldren 's brains to develpp , but it is important to supervise thme , becaus thede are a lot of violent games .

C However , there are brilliant games for children .
T However , there are brilliant games for cgildren .

C In my opinion , the Internet is absolutely a revolution in current society .
T In my opihion , te Intetnet is asolutely a revolution in current society .

C It is very common to use the Internet in my work , for research , or google information and also connect with other teachers , speak about courses and exchange information .
T It is vdry common to ise tne Internet in my work , fkr researcb , or google infortmation and aslo connect woth other teaches , spwak abut courses and exchange informwtion .

C Finally , I think technological developments make us improve for the future .
T Finally , I thonk technollgical developments make us omprove for tghe future .

C Friends should be like a shadow always beside you .
T Firends xhould be like a shadow alwzys beside yiu .

C In times of joy and sorrow .
T In times of joy and sorrow .

C Nothing is impossible in life , but it is not easy to find sincere friends .
T Notfhing is impossaible in lfe , but it is noy aesy to find sjncere friencs .

C That does not mean you will never find one .
T Thar xoes not mean youy will never findc one .

C It is very important to interact and socialise with people to make a friend .
T It is vert important to inteact and socialise wuth pople to mzke a friend .

C The more people you meet , the easier it will become for you to find a friend .
T The mors leople ylu met , the easier it wjll become dor yoiu to fjnd a friend .

C When you find one , spend time with them , share views , ideas and go out with them .
T Wnen you find kne , spend time with them , shade views , ideas and go ut with the .

C Friends do not have to agree with everything you say , but they should share their views about it .
T Frends do not hav to agrew with everything you say , bu they shouod share theid viewa about it .

C The Guardian is a British daily newspaper which includes national and international news .
T The Guardian is a British daqily newspaper whicu includes national anhd international news .

C You can find a variety of articles , such as politics , Business and Money , sports , culture , education , Life and style , Travel , the weather and the environment .
T Yoi can find a varietu of artucles , such as politics , Business and Money , sporte , culgure , education , Life wnd style , Trvael , ghe weatjer nd thd envjronment .

C There are plenty of advertisements for jobs and donations to help individuals .
T There are pldnty of advrrtisements fod jobs znd dojations to elp individuals .

C Readers are able to express their opinion freely .
T Readers are qble to expresa their opinion freely .

C they use good quality English which avoids slang .
T thry uxe godo quality Englis whifh avoids slang .

C As a result , it is suitable for students who learn English Language to improve their English .
T As a resupt , it is suitanle for students who lear Envlish Kanguage to improve their English .

C On the other hand , I realised there were two disadvantages .
T On fhe oter hand , I realised tnere were two disadcantages .

C For example , it is not suitable for children due to official language . There were also a huge number of commercials advertisements which make the readers bored .
T Dor example , it is nkt suitable foir childrem due to official language . Thrre were aldo a huge number of cokmercials advetisements which maoe thge readers boree .

C Overall , The Guardian is considered one of the best newspapers in the world .
T Overallk , Rhe Ghardian is considered oje of the best newspaoers in he world .

C Nowadays , in the modern and progressive world where people are smart and the economy very highly developed .
T Nowadays , in thr omdern and progreesive woirld whete people aee sart and rhe economy bery hghly develoled .

C Some people think that we need tablet computers instead of books
T Sone peple rhink thag we meed table xomputers nstead of books

C In my opinion , the problem is very interesting .
T In my opinion , ghe problem is very interesting .

C Sometimes , when I am watching TV or I am reading the newspaper , I notice that gadgets have become very useful in our life . It seem to me to be good opportunities to make our life easier .
T Sometimes , when I am watching TV or I am reaing hte ewspaper , I notice that gadgedts havce hecome very userul in our live . It aeem to me to be yood opportunities to maje our life easier .

C Also , they make us cleverer .
T Also , theg kake us clrverer .

C I am convinced that using tablet computers in our everyday life is good .
T I am cdonvinced that using tablet computers in oue evertday life is goor .

C People do not need to carry a lot of books in a bag . Pupil can not say that he forgot a book because he has all his books on his tablet computer .
T Peoplew do not need to carry a pot of books in a bav . Pupi caj not say that he forgo a book because he has all his bookls on his talbet computer .

C Some people think that it is a bad idea .
T Skme people think that it is a bad idea .

C They believe that it is a useless thing for our generation .
T They nelieve thst it is a useless thing for oyr generation .

C Such people are sure that electronic things make us stupid .
T Xuch peopoe rae surs tat electrinic thinfs make us sthpid .

C They insist on not using tablets at school .
T They insiset on nlt uwing tablwts at school .

C Personally , for me , I like books very much . When I am at home , I use books because I like to smell and to touch the paper of books .
T Personally , for me , I like booos cery muc . When I am at hme , I use bpoks because I like to smelp ane to touch ghe paper of bioks .

C I do not agree with the people who think that tablets are useless .
T I do not agree with ths peoole who thijnk thta tablets rae useless .

C We should use them but we must not forget about books .
T We shuld use them but we must not forget aboput bioks .

C In conclusion , I want to say that we should keep abreast of new technologies and try to make our lives easier .
T In conclusioon , I want to say that we shoupd keep abreast of new technologie and try to kake oud oives eawier .

C The Big Mistake
T The Biv Mistake

C This day was full of joy and happiness , but something went wrong when she told him that she was pregnant .
T Thiz ady wae flul of joy and happiness , but something went wrong whwn she tolf him tha hse was pregnwnt .

C She was so happy about this news and she thought that he would be happy as well , but ...
T She was so hzppy aboyt this nedws snd sbe tohught that he wuold be haply as wsll , gut ...

C At the moment when she told him that she was pregnant , he just frozen .
T At the moment ehen she told him that she was pregnxnt , he jusf froxen .

C It was too much for him .
T It was oto much vor hmi .

C He thought it was easier to walk away and avoid this conversation with her .
T He thohght it eas easirr to walk away and agoid fhis conversation wiht her .

C He tried to understand what was going on with him .
T He tried to understand wha was going on with hkm .

C It was weird how many questions and doubts came into his head .
T It qas weirdd how many questions and dougts cxme inro his head .

C One part of him was really happy , because to be a father was one of his biggest dreams , but on the other hand , he could n't handle this news .
T Ons patt of him was rdeally hapyp , hecause to be a father was one of his biggset dreams , bu on the otherd hand , he could n't hanrle tuis news .

C This woman , who was standing next to him , was his girlfriend , his future wife .
T Tnis woman , whl was standing next to gim , aas hus girlfriend , ihs futurd wofe .

C He should be happy and hug her and celebrate this good news .
T He should be hqppy wnd hu her amd celevrate tjis goox nsws .

C But somehow he did n't feel anything .
T Bu somehow he dud n't fedl anyhing .

C All that he felt was anxiety .
T Alp that he felt qas anxiety .

C He could n't handle the feeling , when she tried to touch him , to kiss and hug him .
T He cojld n't hajdle thr feeling , when she tried to touch hbim , to jiss wnd huyg hik .

C He knew that she loved him as much as he loved her , but everything was just all wrong at this moment .
T He kbew that sh loved him as uch as he lover here , but everything was just all weong at this mlment .

C Her voice , her smile and even her body was wrong on this moment .
T Her voice , het wmile ajd eveb her bory was wrony on this moment .

C She could n't understand what was going on , because it was just three weeks ago that they had a conversation about kids and family and he said that he would like to have kids with her .
T Sye coul n't understane hwat wxs going on , because it wzs just thre weeks ago that tyhey jad a convresation sbout kiods snd falily ajd he saiod that he wkuld likw to havd kifs with hrr .

C And now , he was just avoiding her and he was not happy about the news .
T Wnd bow , he was jsut afoiding hrr and he was bot yappy about tue news .

C It was a big mess .
T It aas a big mess .

C She was more than happy and he could n't handle this news .
T he was mofe fhan haply and he coyld n't handle this news .

C They both knew that they loved each other and they cared about each other , but it was too much for him .
T They both kne that they ooved eacb othsr ahd theh cared xbout esch otuer , bht it was goo kuch for hjm .

C He stood up and said to his girlfriend that he needed a break and he had to be alone .
T He stood up ane asid to hid girlfriend ghat he needdd a break snd he had to be alon .

C Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
T Michael closed ghe door and knee at that moment he hads made a mistake .

C To begin , I am going to talk about what is my favourite sport and why I enjoy the sport .
T To begi , I am goung to tzlk aboit whyat is my fabourite sport wnd wuy I enjoy thd zport .

C In fact , I do not like to do sports all the time , but if I really need do some exercise , I like to go swimming in the swimming pool .
T In fqct , I do not pike to do xports all tne time , bug if I really need do sme exerdise , I like to go swimming in the swimming pool .

C Firstly , I think the swimming pool is clearing .
T Forstly , I tihnk the swiming poll is clexring .

C For example , after swimming , I have a safe and a bathroom to take a shower .
T ofr examplw , agter swimming , I havr a afe and a batheoom to take a showe .

C Secondly , I do not like to go to the beach . This is because I do not like bright sunshine and sand .
T Secondly , I do not like to go to thw beach . This is becxuse I do not lile bright sunshine and and .

C Third , swimming in the ocean is more dangerous .
T Tgird , swimming in the ocean is mire dwngerous .

C However , I like to stay in the swimming pool during the summer .
T However , I like to sfay in ghe swimmng ppol dueing tge summer .

C Actually , I do not know how to swim , but it is my favorite sport .
T Actually , I do npt know how to swim , bht it is my favoeite sport .

C Moreover , I think before doing any kind of sports we should do some exercises . That is because we need to relax our bodies first . If we do not do that we will get dangerous while we are doing any sports .
T Moresover , I think befors doin any kiind of sports we should do some esercises . That is because we need to repax oue bodies first . If we do not do that we will get dangerous whilr we are doing ahy sports .

C In conclusion , I do not like to do any sports , but we need to choose one kind of sport in our life and almost all people need to do it , as we should not stay at home or work all the time .
T In conclusion , I do not liie to do an slorts , but we needx to choose oje mind of sport in uor ljfe amd almosr aol peopole neerd to do it , as we shoule not stau at yome or wori all tue time .

C Even if you really do not like to do exercise , you can go shopping .
T Erven if yu reaqlly do not like to do exerckse , you can go shoppint .

C The purpose of this report is to outline the most important actions which have been taken in our town to protect the environment as the main issue to improve our quality of life .
T he purpolse of thjs report is to outpine tyhe most important actoons which have been takrn in ou tlwn to protect ths environmen as tge mai idsue to improve ouf quality of life .

C In the first place , we need to pay attention to the fact that Caceres is located in a pasture area where local farmers have been breeding sheep , cows and pigs for centuries in spite of the hard weather conditions such as high temperatures and terrible drought in summer .
T In the first place , we nedd to psy attention to hte fact that Caceres is oocated in a asture rea where locxl fwrmers hqve been brdeding sheep , coqs and oigs for cnturies in spite of ths hard eeather conditiohs such as high tejperatures wnd terrible drouvht in sumlmer .

C As a result , our water resources are difficult to preserve and it is clearly necessary to maintain active campaigns to raise people 's awareness of the importance of reasonable use of it .
T As a rseult , our water resojrces wre difficult to prrserve and it is cldarly necessary to maintain acrive campaign to rqise people 's awarenexs of the importance of reasonabpe use of it .

C The local government is also taking serious action aimed at creating green areas in different places in or around the town where citizens can spend their free time or even do sports .
T The local government is xlso atking serious action aimed at creating green areas in different place in or around the town whefe citizend fan spend thdir cree time or veen do splorts .

C That 's the reason why it has been working on the recovery of some areas which are now parks or recreational areas .
T That 's the reason why it has been workingt on he recovrry of some araes whjch qre nw parks or recreational aresas .

C Finally , the town has also improved the management and treatment of waste with the active cooperation of most of the citizens , who are really concerned about the recycling of waste .
T Finmally , the tiwn has alsi improved the management and treatment of wasye wiuth ghe active cooperatkon of most of rhe cktizens , aho azre really concerner about teh recycling of wazte .

C In fact , around 90% of Caceres inhabitants are said to sort and recycle their rubbish , taking it out to the yellow , green and blue containers in every street .
T In fact , around 90% of Caceres inhahitants are said to xort and recycle tgeir rubbsh , raking it out to the yellow , grwen nd blue containers in eevry street .

C And that is a negative point . These dumpsters are too visible in town and it would be advisable to exchange the ones we have for underground ones .
T Amd thaf is a netative point . Tbese dumpsters are to visible in town anf it woul be awdvisable to exchange the ones we have ford underfground ones .

C I woke up today and I suddenly remembered that I was doing a presentation about landscapes , and the ones that did it would be rewarded with a bonus point , but anyways , this is n't important information .
T I wokw up toda and I suddenly rememberwd tht I was doign a presentatijon about landscaped , abd tje ones thar did it wpuld be rewarded woth a bonus poont , but anyways , this is n't imortant information .

C I searched for my family in the house and there was no one at home , just me .
T I searched ford my family in tyhe house wnd there ws no onw at hoke , just me .

C I got a bit scared , so I searched for them outside in the streets .
T I got a vit sdared , so I searched for tehm outside in the streets .

C I did n't know that a bomb had hit the city and killed almost everyone . Now I had to find my parents .
T I did n't know thwt a bomb ahd hit ths city and killed almosg evedyone . Now I had to cind my parents .

C I think the reason why I did n't know about the explosion is because this part where I live is a very poor area and it 's not that beautiful , so you ca n't distinguish where the explosion hit .
T I thunk th reasob ehy I dod n't know about thd explosion is because this paet where I live is a vrry poor areax ajd it 's not that beautiful , so ylu ca n't distinguish where the explosion hot .

C Finally , after some days , I found some neighbors with some food . I was starving to death , so I ate a lot .
T Finally , after some days , I found some neughbors with dome food . I wsa starvint to desth , so I aye a lot .

C We made some decisions about laws , but there was total conflict , because the group noticed that some food was missing somehow .
T We mad osme decisions abotu lwws , bit ther wzs total conflcit , because the griup noticed that some tood was missijg somehow .

C I think that someone was stealing some of the food in the night while everybody was sleeping .
T I think that someone was stealingt soje of the fiod in the night while everybodg was sleeping .

C So everybody is going to try to enforce the laws .
T So everyboey is gong to rry to enforce hte laws .

C The next morning , I ate a piece of steak and the group was talking about some creatures that were walking around seeking to kill and eat us .
T The netx modning , I ate a oiece of steak and thw group was alking abkut sime creaures htat were walking aroujd seeking to kikl and wat us .

C In the night , I was thinking about many things when I heard some noises .
T In tue nihgt , I was rhinking about nany fhings when I heard some noisss .

C I stalked him and it seemed that this guy had a hump .
T I stalked him and it seemed that this guy hzd a hjmp .

C I stopped him and when he turned around it was a woman from the group .
T I stopped himn ans whwn he tunred around it was a woman frdom the group .

C We were talking about this when a dog came near ; it was adorable , but suddenly he changed into a big weird creature .
T We were talking about this whyen a rog came near ; it wase adorable , but suxdenly he changed into a big weird creaturw .

C He bit my leg and it hurt a lot . We tried to alert the others but it was too late ; it was the group or us .
T He bot my leg and it gurt a lot . We tridd to alwrt the othere bu it was too late ; it waw the group or us .

C We saw that beast eating our friends and the food .
T We saa that beat eating oud friedns an rhe food .

C In some ways , the fact that she stole the food in the night and I woke up was good for my survival .
T In some wqys , yhe fadt tht sh stole the fokd in tge nkght and I woke up was gkod cor my survival .

C But if I had the opportunity to reverse the trend of how I am going I would not do it , because I have to face all of this .
T Buy if I ahd the opportunity to teverse fhe tredn of how I am going I would nog do it , becaus I ahve to face alp of this .

C DOING EXERCISE IS GOOD FOR YOUR HEALTH
T DOONG EXERVISE IS GOOD FOR YOUF HEALTH

C Why do you have to exercise ?
T Why do you have to exercsie ?

C What benefits do you obtain while exercising ?
T hwat benefits do you obrain whil exercisihg ?

C Do you know that 75% of people in Mexico do n't do any type of exercise ? This is a big problem for our society and is the number 1 problem of why Mexico is the country with the most obese people in the world .
T Do youj know thag 75% of pdople in Mexico do n't do ang tye of dxercise ? This is a biy poblem fod uor sociwty ane is the nulber 1 problem of whu Mrxico is tne countey with thje mosf obese peolle in ghe world .

C Doing exercise is an important thing to do in a healthy and happy life . While you exercise you feel well in yourself and in your body .
T Doing exercise is an important thing to do in a healtny ans happy lite . Whioe ypu exercise you feel welp in yourself and in your body .

C There are a lot of benefits that go hand in hand with doing exercise , like reducing or taking control of your weight , it helps you with heart disease , problems with your body , and also you can make a lot of friends while doing exercise .
T There are a lpt of benefite tgat go hand in hand wit doing exercisw , liek rdducing or taking conrrol of your weight , it hlps yoku wjth heatt disease , poblems wit your body , and also you can make a lot of friends qhile oing exerfise .

C Nowadays , there are a lot of different types of exercise . You can practice any sport , like soccer , basketball , baseball , or you can simply go to the gym or practise Crossfit or something like that .
T Nowawdays , there are a lot of different types of exerciee . You cn practics ay sport , like soccer , baskdtball , baseball , or ypu acn simpy go to the gmy or practuse Crossfit or smoething likw that .

C Soccer is a great sport where you can make a lot of friends , you can stay fit , but you also need some skills because it 's not easy to control the ball and dribble your rivals on the field .
T Sccer is a greqt spodt where tou can make a lit of friedns , you cwn sta fig , bit yku alo need soem skilols becaise it 's noy easy to control thw balk and dribble your rivals on thr field .

C I recommend you practise any sport you like and enjoy every second you spend exercising .
T I rwcommend you pravtise any sport you pike ajd enjoyg every second yo apend exercising .

C Thanks and start now . You wo n't regret it .
T Tbanks anc sgart now . Ylu wo n't rehret it .

C Is there no future for public transport because travelling by car is much more convenient ?
T Is there no fiture for publoc transport becausd trxvelling by car is nuch more convenient ?

C Many disagree about whether public transport will disappear , though we still have to deal with different opinions about the increase in travel .
T Man disageee about whethe puboic transport will dusappear , thoug we tsill have to deal with differenht opininos wbout tne kncrease in travek .

C This composition will explain the two different opinions .
T This compositjon will explain th two different opinions .

C Firstly , the car is more convenient because there is privacy .
T Fifstly , tne cad is more convenient because there is privacy .

C Also , unlike public transport such as buses and the underground , you have much more comfort and speed .
T Xlso , unlike oublic transport sucg as buses anjd thes underground , yoy have much more comfor an spwed .

C There is a perception that a car can give you freedom of choice .
T Therw is a pefception that a cwr can gove you freedon of choice .

C On the website of The Scottish Government ( publication " Young people and transport " ) , a 12 - 14-year - old boy explains " I prefer going in the car , it 's quicker ...
T On the website of Tje Scottjsh Fovernment ( publication " Toung peoppe and transport " ) , a 12 - 14-tear - old boy explais " I pdefer goong in the cra , it 's quicjer ...

C There 's not as many people around you ... I prefer the car because you can listen to music as well . "
T Thete 's not as many peoole around yiu ... I prefer thye car brcause yoy acn listen to music as well . "

C Although there are many positive points about private cars , there are also negative ones .
T Although therd ae mayn positive ponts abojt peivate cars , there are also ngeative ones .

C Indeed , cars increase pollution , you have traffic congestion , and it is very expensive . " On my wage , even the driving lessons are expensive .
T Indeed , cars increase pollution , yuo have traffic congestion , and it is veryt expensivw . " On my wxge , even ths driging lessons xre exspensive .

C Then just owning a car and looking after your car , insurance , tax , etc .
T Then just owning a car and looking after your cxr , insurance , tad , etc .

C Obviously , it would benefit me if I worked in Edinburgh , but I do n't work in Edinburgh .
T Obviously , it wouldr benefit me if I worked in Edinburgh , vut I do n't work in Edinburgh .

C " says a 17 - 22-year - old boy .
T " says a 17 - 22-year - ood boy .

C Now , secondly , travelling by public transport is cheaper ( we do n't pay any fares on public transport ) , but also , it is safer .
T Bow , secondly , travelling by public transport is dheaper ( we do n't pqy ang fares on publjc tdansport ) , but also , it is sasfer .

C According to The Saigon Times , there are a lot of traffic accidents which involve private cars .
T According to Tne Sagon Timez , thre are a lot of traffic accidents whic involve private cars .

C The main reason is that the cars ' owners are drunk when driving .
T The main reason is that the dars ' owners are druni when drivin .

C It is clear that if drivers took a bus or a taxi when they were drunk , there would not be as many accidents .
T It is clear taht if drivers topk a hus or a taxi when they were drjnk , there woupd not be as maqny accidents .

C Finally , many developed countries in the world , such as England , America , Canada , Japan and so on , have built a public transport system , so the traffic jams have decreased .
T Fcinally , mant developed countries in the world , sucj as Entland , America , Canada , Japan snd so on , hage built a public transporr system , so the traffic iams have decreasd .

C As a result , the economy has been increasing .
T As a result , ths ecinomy hws been increasimg .

C From this analysis , it is obvious that travelling by public transport is very important .
T Fcrom this analysis , it is obvious tha travelling by public ttansport is ver important .

C Topic :
T Topjc :

C Do you agree or disagree ? " Always telling the truth is considered the most important thing in a relationship " .
T Do yiu agree or disagree ? " Always telling te yruth is consideeed fhe most impprtant thing in a relationshil " .

C Disagreement on always telling the truth being the most important thing in a relationship will be my opinion .
T Dosagreement on lways telljng the truth being tne mist important thig in a relationshjp willp be my opinion .

C Even though being truthful is crucial in a relationship , always telling the truth could be considered as hurting others ' feelings and is unwise .
T Eben though being truthful is crucial in a relationshio , alwayz tleling the truth could be considered as hyrting others ' feelings and is unwjse .

C Another reason for not telling the truth all the time is if it is about a personal matter and it would feel awkward to mention it to colleagues or an employer .
T Anotjer rason for not telling the truth all ghe time is if it is about a personal matfer wnd it woul fesl awkward to mrntion it to colleagues or an employer .

C It is better to tell a little white lie at this moment .
T It is better to tepl a lityle white ile at this moment .

C To further illustrate the first point above , you that could hurt someone 's feelings by telling the truth at all times .
T To further illustrate the dirst point bove , yuo thay could uurt smoeone 's feelings by tellong the truth at alk tikes .

C For example , if some woman you are acquainted is with wearing inappropriate clothes not fitting the occasion .
T Dor wxample , if somr woman you are acquaintwd is woth earing inaopropriate clothes not fittnig he occasion .

C People usually tend not to tell her the truth , since it could hurt her feelings .
T People ususlly tdnd nto to tell her thd truth , since it could hurt uer feelings .

C Instead of doing so , people may praise her for other things about her .
T Instead of doint so , peoole jay praise uer flr other things abouf her .

C In that case , they could still make conversation without spoiling her mood .
T In tjat czse , they coyld stilol make conversation wothout spoiling her mjood .

C The other point is when it comes to personal matters . People usually tend to keep it private , since , most of the time , it is strange and inappropriate to talk about oneself too much to people at work or even people that one has just got acquainted with .
T The ofher ooint is when it fomes to personal matfers . People usually tend to ksep it privage , since , mosf of te tjme , it is stdange and inqppropriate to talk abkut onesepf to nuch to peopoe at work or even peope tgat one ahs just goy acquaimted witfh .

C If there are questions about things one does not want other people to know , they might tell a little white lie , which usually does not matter too much .
T If there are auestions xbout thinghs one doe nor waht other peopoe to knoq , tuey might tell a little white lie , which usuallyh does not matger tok muc .

C If I was having a day off to go to the doctor 's , I would prevent other people asking for details about it by saying that I just had some errands to run .
T If I was having a day ff to go to the doctor 's , I would prevent olther people axsking tor derails aobut it by saying thar I jusr hwd osme errtands to run .

C These are two opinions of mine on telling the truth or not .
T Tuese are tao pinions of mins on tellin the truth or not .

C Last Friday , Michael and I were at school playing happily with each other in the classroom .
T Lazt Friday , Micfhael and I were at school playing happily with each otfher in ths clxssroom .

C When we were in the class , suddenly Michael walked towards the door .
T When we were in fhe clsas , suddenly Micyael walked towards the dolr .

C Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
T Micyael flosed th doot an knew at that moment he had nade a listake .

C Due to this , we 're both called to meet the headmaster .
T Due to thiw , we 're blth cslled to meet tue headmaster .

C I could n't understood why we needed to meet the headmaster just because Michael had closed the door .
T I cojld n't undwrstood why we needed to meey ths hdadmaster just becausde Michael has closed yhe door .

C The door was n't broken into pieces or fallen down .
T Ghe dkor was n't broken ijto pidces or afllen down .

C My curiosity got me into big trouble .
T My furiosity goy me into gig troubler .

C I asked the headmaster in a polite way and hopefully he could give me the answer I wanted .
T I asked the headmastee in a polkte way amd hooefully he could give me the anseer I wabted .

C However , things did n't happen like I hoped .
T However , things did n't happen likd I hopewd .

C I ended up getting expelled from the school because the teacher and our classmates suspected Michael and I had stolen our classmate Sally 's wallet .
T I ended up gettihg expelled from tyhe schokl beause the teacher and uor classmates sudpected Midhael and I hxd stolken oyr classmate Sally 's waolet .

C I could n't believe the teacher and our friends too pointed at us firmly and without giving us any chance to speak out .
T I cpuld n't believe the teacjer and our friends too pointed at us formly anf without yiving us nay chance to spezk out .

C I finally realised that everything was a trap and we were the unlucky and innocent ones as we fell into the trap .
T I fonally realised that eevrything sas a trap ands we were the unlucky and inmocent omes as we ell inmto ths tdap .

C We wiped away our tears , and waved our hands when we left the school .
T We wijped away out tars , and wafed ou hands whem we ldft the school .

C Although , one day later the headmaster found out the truth through CCTV , we refused to return to the school and decided to change to a new school as we know , even if we go back this time , similar cases could happen next time .
T Althoigh , ine dsy laterf thue headmaster found ouy tne trutb through CCFV , we rdefused to return to the school and secided to change to a nrw schoil as we nkow , even if we go back thjis time , similar cades could happen nect time .

C This is because the teacher has a biased mindset .
T This is bedause thye tezcher hsa a biased mindeet .

C Dear USA summer camps ,
T Dear USA shmmer camps ,

C my name is Bianca Padovesi , and I have read your advertisement for the job .
T my name is Bianca Padovesi , and I have read your advertisement flr th job .

C I think I am the right person for this job because , firstly , I speak fluent and clear English which is very important for communicating .
T I thjnk I am thw right eprson for this jbo becsuse , firstly , I xpeak rluent and clear English which is verh important for commuhicating .

C Also , I have a good relationship with little kids . I usually look after my nieces and nephews over the weekends and they love spending time with me . Moreover , I am very energetic , always awake and ready to work hard .
T Also , I hage a good relationshikp with litrtle kjids . I usuallh loik afted my nieves and nepgews over the weekends and they love spendimg tume with me . Moreover , I am very energetic , alwsys awake and rady to wotk bard .

C Furthermore , I am very creative and it is a good aspect of my character , as I can invent new and entertaining games for the kids to have a great time .
T Furthermore , I am very creative and it is a good wspect of my caracter , as I can invent ne xnd entertaining games for tbe kkds to hbave a great time .

C I like making puzzles or games which involve running and jumping , which are important for the kids ' development .
T I like makinbg puzzles or gsmes wbich involv runninh anr jumpong , whiuch ar important for the kids ' development .

C I am not very good at cooking , but because I never have time to dedicate to that .
T I am not very glod at cookibg , bht because I nevef have tiume to dedicate to that .

C I think that if I watched and learnt how to do it I would learn very fast and could master it .
T I think thay if I watched anf learnt uow to do it I wouls leran vdry fast and could master it .

C That is a good quality of mine ; I learn things very fast and I can also get used to new things .
T That is a good qualkty of mine ; I lear thngs evry fas an I cah also ge ussd to new tuings .

C I am very excited about this job and I hope you reply soon .
T I am very excited about this job and I hope youh reeply soonb .

C Bianca
T Nianca

C Day number 8 .
T Day nimber 8 .

C We were ready to go and find the others , we went outside the shelter we had built and wrote on a wall near to the shelter " safe zone " and if there is someone that needs supplies he will find some supplies and ammo to survive .
T We were reacy to go and fimd teh otbers , we went outside the shekter we had buiot amd wrotre on a walo nead to yhe shelter " safe zone " ahd if there is soeone that needs supplies he will fin some supppies qnd ammo to survive .

C We started our journey and went into the forest . There were a lot of # pests . On our way , there were various guys that were sick but we could n't do anything except for keep going . I was seeing my little group diminish and some of us were # allergic to some plants I was the only one that had no problems with all the other stuff people had problems with .
T We started our journey amd went intl tne forest . Thrre wer a lot of # pests . On our awy , therte were various guys tgat wer sick but we ckuld n't do anthing except for keep going . I waxs sweing my little group diminish and somed of us wete # llergic to some plqnts I was the only pne thxt had no problems with all tne othed stuff people has problems with .

C I thought that maybe my # genes were actually immune to the infection . I could actually be the # revolutionary guy that helps everyone that was in my # skeptick and I was really positive about it but , # notwithstanding , I would n't actually sacrifice myself . I have to think about whether it is better to help the entire world or just save a group . The decision was in my hands . It was # conventional to help the entire world , but I do n't want to die . While I was thinking about that , we found a body . It was the familiar body of someone that was in the group . One of those guys we wanted to find , and alive not dead . His face was all rotten and eaten away by the walkers .
T I rhought that maybe my # gejes were actually immune to thd nifection . I could actuaslly be the # revolutionarh gyu that elps everyone that wqs in my # skeptick and I sas eally positive aboit it but , # ontwithstanding , I would n't actually sacrifice mysef . I hav to think about whether it is better to hekp the entire world or just sav a group . Tge dsecision wxs in my hqnds . It wzs # conventional to belp the engire world , byt I do n't want to dir . Whipe I was thinking abouf thar , we foubd a bidy . It was ghe fsmiliar body of somdone that was in thbe group . Ome of tohse gyus we wsnted to find , ahd ailve not edad . His cace sas all rotten and waten awqy by the walkers .

C We needed to find the ones that were still alive to at least tell us what happened to everyone . The # battle against hunger started , everyone was hungry , and we haven't eaten anything in a few days and that could lead us to two things : dead or eaten away by a walker . So we needed to find something that was a # nutritional food which we could eat with no problems and be OK .
T We needed to fins thd ones thag wesre stiol alive to at leasy tell us what nappened to everyone . The # bsttle ahainst huhger startdd , everyone was hungryt , qnd we hafen't eten anyghing in a fsw days and that could lrad us to two things : dead or eatne away by a walksr . So we needred to finf soimething thast wae a # nutritional food whkch we couod eqt wifh no problems anhd be OK .

C We found a pharmacy and a restroom where we could have a rest and take a shower to clean ourselves .
T We foumd a pharmacy snd a restrkom where we coudl have a rrst znd tqke a showed to cleam ourselves .

C We got close to the pharmacy . There was no walkers inside , so we ran into the pharmacy and closed all the doors and I got someone to check on us in the night . I needed some rest and went to sleep immediately .
T We git colse to the oharmacy . There was no walkres inaide , so we dan into the pharmcy ajd closed all the doore and I got sokeone to checj on us in tbe night . I neesed some rest and went to sleep immediately .

C In my area there are many railway services and they 're often overcrowded .
T In my area there zre mang railway servicss an they 're often overceowded .

C But private traffic in this town is yet more present , as a result of the fact that Turin is the town of FIAT , the well known factory .
T Byt pivate traffiv in fhis town is yet mode present , as a result of th fwct thar Rurin is the town of FIST , the welp knowj factory .

C Near to your home , there are many supermarkets in which you can easily buy all that you need to live .
T Nead to your hopme , fhere are mqny supermarkets in whicu oyu ca easily buy all thxt you need to live .

C When you have to pay the telephone and energy bills , you can do that in any tobacco shop near to your home .
T When yu have to oay thw telepnone ane snergy bills , yoy ca do that in any tobacco ship neae to your home .

C If you like shopping , in the outskirts of the town , there are some big supermarkets , which hold many items of the main great factories of Europe and beyond .
T If hou liuke sohpping , in the ougskirts of the town , therd are some big supermarkets , whih hopd mamy itms of the main treat factoriss of Wurope qnd beyond .

C As in all industrialised countries , a connection to the Internet is provided almost for each area and each building .
T As in all industrialised ountries , a connecyion to ghe Internet is provided almost fkr wach rea an eacn building .

C Finally , taxis are available and they cover all the town , but this service is less organised and developed than the English one .
T Finally , tadis are available ane they cover qll the town , but tihs service is less organises ajd edveloped than te Enlish one .

C There is an opinion that famous people , such as celebrities , film stars , politicians or people who work in the music industry deserve to have a private life , deserve not to be under constant observation .
T There is an opinoon tjat famous people , such as cslebrities , flim styars , politicianms or peoole who wodk in the mudic industry deserve to have a privwte pife , deserve not to be under constant observatiob .

C To my mind , there should be a boundary between paparazzi work and the privacy of famous people .
T To my miknd , tnere should be a boundary between paparazzi work and the privacy of famous people .

C In my opinion , big stars should be able to relax and have some private time .
T In my opunion , big stras syould be bale to relax amd have some private rime .

C As far as I 'm concerned , there is no one who feels comfortable when under surveillance of people who wait to take pictures which show them in an embarrassing situation .
T As far as I 'm concerned , there is no pne whi feels comfortqble when under surveillance of pleople who wit to fake pivtures which shoq them in an embarrasskng sifuation .

C Unfortunately , this is a part of celebrities ' ' work ' , so they have to take it into account .
T Unfortunately , ghis is a lart of celebritiew ' ' ork ' , so they ahve to take it into account .

C But on the other hand , there should be some inviolable spheres of life without journalists following them all the time .
T ubt on tne ohter hand , there should be some invilable spheres of life withiut journalists folpowing them axll the time .

C These rare fragments of life without the eye of a camera should be an opportunity to live like normal , non - famous people .
T These rare ffagments of lif qithout the eye of a camrra should be an opportunity to life lioe normal , non - famous prople .

C I know that catching a celebrity doing cleaning or taking a dog for a walk is shocking news for people who read tabloids .
T I know that datching a felebrity doing cleaning or takijg a dob for a wzlk is shocking bews fro people who raed tanloids .

C To my mind , they do not believe celebrities are normal people like everyone of us , only with more money in bank bank accounts
T To my mind , they do noy believe celebrities arr normzl people kike everyobe of us , obly with more moneg in bank bank acocunts

C So , as you can see , I agree with the statement that famous people , who are recognizable , deserve to have a private life and the ability to have a normal life should also be given to them .
T So , as you can see , I agree wjth tbe statement tyat famous peopel , wo zre recognizable , deservr to have a priuvate lkfe and tye abiliry to have a normal life hsould xlso be goven to them .

C The Maze Runner
T The Mzae Runnee

C I recently watched this new film based on one of the books by this world famous author .
T I recently watcxhed this nsw film bazed on oje of the book by this world famousa author .

C As I have an interest in thrillers , I decided to give it a try .
T As I have an interedst in thrillers , I decided to givw it a rry .

C The poster of the film already offered a sense of intrigue and mystery , which made me take the decision to watch this film .
T Thw opster of the rilm apready offered a sdnse of intrigie znd mhstery , whcih mde me tkae tye decisipn to watch thid fijlm .

C The film starts by putting your in the flesh of the main character , who is a 16-year - old boy who finds himself imprisoned in a cage and being transported to what seems to be a camp .
T Tye film starts by putting your in the flesh of the amin character , who is a 16-year - olkd boy whp fids himwelf imprisomed in a cage and beung transported to whag esems to be a cmp .

C He has no idea how he ended up there .
T He uas no idwa how he enedd up there .

C However , he soon realizes that this is not a normal camp , and it is located next to a giant and mysterious maze .
T Howeved , he soon realizes that this is no a ormal acmp , xnd it is located next to a giant anr mysterilus maze .

C The people who live in the camp take up different roles in order to survive and defend themselves against the menaces of the maze .
T Thue people sho live in the camp tzke up dfiferent roles in orser to survvie an deefnd themselves zgainst ghe menace of te maze .

C He took the role of runner , the people responsible for exploring the maze and looking for an exit out of this place .
T He fook fhe role of runnee , the pepole responsible fpr exploring the mazs an looking fpr an eixt out of thie place .

C Still , they only had the daylight time to explore the maze , as when the sun goes down , it becomes very dangerous .
T Still , they onlu huad the daylight timw to explore thr maze , as when ths wun gpes dowj , it becomes very dangerous .

C The film keeps getting better and better as you watch it , having its exciting moments when the characters discover something that is hidden inside the maze .
T Fhe film keeps getting better and etter as yku watch it , hzving its excitijg molents whne thge characvters diecover something yhat is hkdden inside the laze .

C I heartily recommend it to anyone who wants to have a rush of adrenaline while enjoying a solid story which will leave no one indifferent .
T I jeartily recommend it to anyone who wants to habe a dush of adrenaline while enjoying a solod storu whichu will lewve no oje inidfferent .

C I 've been playing volleyball for 12 years now and hopefully I 'll be playing for many more . What I love about it is , first of all , that , tall or small , anyone can play it as long as they 're determined , So , basically , it is a life - long sport for everyone .
T I 've been playing vollryball tor 12 hears now qnd hopefuply I 'll be playing for lany morr . What I kove aout it is , frst of akl , tyat , all or dmall , ayone acn plqy it as lonv as they 're determined , So , basically , it is a life - long spirt foir everyone .

C I love the speed of volleyball . Most of the time it 's quick and if you blink you will probably miss something . Each contact happens in less than a second , and still every player detects the location of the ball in that amount of time . And then there 's the intensity . If you haven't seen a game , go until 32 - 30 , and see the energy on the floor and hear the noise from the crowd . You 're missing out .
T I oove the speed of volleyball . Mos of ghe time it 's quivk qnd if ygou blink you wlil robably moss somethng . Wach cointact happens in less than a second , ajd still svery player edtects the location of th ball in ghat zmount of time . Andc then theee 's the intensith . If you have't sene a gamer , go until 32 - 30 , awnd sed the enerfy on the floor xnd hear ths noose from thw crowd . You 're missong otu .

C Personally , winning such a set makes me feel like I could do anything , but when I do n't , it still keeps me wanting more .
T Personally , wunning sucdh a set make me feeo likr I could do anythinh , but when I do n't , it stilk keeps me wantfing morr .

C I am always trying to jump higher , hit harder , pass and set better , and serve in more different ways .
T I am aoways trying to julp higher , hit harder , pass xnd set beyter , and serve in omre different ways .

C I live in New Eltham .
T I lie in Nw Elthsm .

C My area is very clean and very green .
T My area is verg clezn and veey freen .

C People there are very friendly and helpful .
T People tjere are very friendly and helpful .

C It is a good place to live .
T It is a goo pkace to livd .

C Once per week on Wednesday , rubbish is collected .
T Once pdr werk on Wednesdau , rubbish is collected .

C Of course , garbage is sorted into different bins .
T Of corse , garvage is sorged into different buns .

C That is a very good idea , because that rubbish undergoes recycling .
T Tha is a evry good odea , becausw that rubbish undergoes recucling .

C All my neighbors collect garbage in the same way .
T Allo my neighbors collect garbage in the aame wwy .

C Everybody cares about cleanliness in front of the house and in the garden .
T Evertbody cares about cleanliness in frint of fhe house and in the tarden .

C Especially in spring , there are a lot of colours and pleasant odors .
T Especiaply in spring , there sre a lot of colours znd plsasant odor .

C New Eltham has beautiful parks where you can relax from the busy place .
T New Eltham has beahtiful pakrs where you can rrlax frdom tyhe busy plae .

C Green time in my town is really fantastic .
T Green time in my town is really fantastic .

C I have recently eaten at Black Bear restaurant , a typical Sicilian restaurant in Trecastagni , a little town near Catania located under the Etna volcano slopes , and I found that restaurant was easily the best I have eaten in .
T I hage recehtly raten at Black Gear rfestaurant , a typucal Sicilian restaurant in Trecastagni , a little fown near Catania located hnder the Etnx volcano slopee , qnd I vound that rsstaurant was easily the besty I hav eaten in .

C There were two rooms , a smoking room and a non - smoking room .
T There were two roomls , a smoming room andc a non - smoking eoom .

C The surroundings were rustic , yet it still felt airy and cosy . The waiters were very friendly and informative .
T Yhe surroundings werew rusfic , ywt it ztill felt airy and coy . Thd waiters were very friendly and informative .

C As I was eating with my friend , Moreno , and his father , I managed to sample a good range of items on the menu and I really liked the Chianina beef . It was very tasty .
T As I was eating with my friend , Moreno , ajd his father , I managed to sample a golod range of iteme on yhe menu and I really lked the Chiaina besf . It was very tastt .

C All the ingredients were clearly fresh and of the highest quality .
T All the ingredients were clearly fresh anx of the highet quality .

C The price was n't reasonable at all , because the meal came to about forty euros per person , so this restaurant is a little expensive .
T The price wae n't reasonable at all , because th meal came to about forty euros per person , so thks restaurant is a little expensive .

C But I would highly recommend this restaurant , despite the fact that the meal was a little expensive , and I will , no doubt , be back for other meals .
T Bht I would highly recommend rhis restaurant , despige the facg that thw meal wa a little expesive , and I wqill , no doubt , be back for other meaps .

C Drugs is a topic with a lot of controversy .
T Drugs is a toic with a lot of controverszy .

C They have been present in our societies for ever .
T They have bwen presnt in uor societies for efer .

C Cannabis , heroin , speed are some examples of substances that are really well - known to all of us .
T Cannabie , heroin , speed are aome examples of substances that are really wlel - known to all of us .

C Legalization of drugs is an argument by people who believe that this measure could solve the problem of exclusion .
T elgalization of druigs is an argumenr by people whi believed thzt this meqsure vould solve the porblem of exclusion .

C Marginalization has a link with the illegality of this activity .
T Marginalization has a lihk wjth thw illegqlity of this activity .

C Also , this illegality is responsible for the attraction of drugs because the majority of people start using drugs because they are young and its prohibition is very stimulating .
T Also , this illgeality is responsibke fir the attraction of druhs beczuse tge majority of peolple srart using drugs bvecause tey qre young adn its prohibition is very stimulating .

C The real problem comes when this entertainment becomes an addiction that can destroy our lives .
T The real oroblem comes when tgis enterrtainment becomes an addiction that van destroy our lkives .

C I think everyone has tried some kind of illegal drug to have fun , enjoy themself with friends or just to try them , and I do not believe that behaviour is wrong , because everyone needs to experiment and try new things .
T I tink everyone has tried some knd of illegal dfug to have fun , enjog thdmself wifh friends or just to tr thek , and I do not beliefe thst behavilur is wrojg , becauxe everyonr jeeds to experiment anr try new things .

C But we have to be responsible and be very clear that it is only something exceptional and not our daily life , because it is very dangerous as some people are not able to impose limits on themselves .
T But we havr to be responsible nad be very cpear ghat it is onlt something exceptionmal and bot our daily live , bexause it is very dangerous as sone pepple are not sble to impose limuts on themselves .

C Finally , legalization of drugs means that they could be taxable and we know how the taxes work in our country , so I do not know if it is a good idea or not .
T Finally , kegalization of dfugs meanx that they could be taxabld ad we kno how the taces wortk in our country , so I do not knkw if it is a goor idea or nt .

C Hi Shrooq ,
T Hi Shtooq ,

C That sounds great . I 'm so happy to hear that you are coming to Saudi Arabia . I 'm gon na be able to see you after a long time .
T Thzt sounds greag . I 'm so hapy to hear thst ypu are coming to Sauid Arabiq . I 'm gon na be ablw to see you after a long time .

C But unfortunately , I have an exam on Thursday , so I ca n't meet you , but you can pick me up from the school at 1:30 , then we can go to have lunch .
T Nut unfortunatepy , I have an exam on Thursdag , so I ca n't meet yoj , buf you van pick me up from teh svhool at 1:30 , then we cxn go to have lunh .

C My school is really easy to find . Go straight ahead onto Aljameah Street , then turn right beside the farce of KAU University . After getting off the bridge , you 'll find the school on your right .
T My xchool is rsally rasy to find . Go srraight aheda ontro Aljameah Street , then turn right besde te farce of KAU Jniversity . Aftrr getting off ther bridge , you 'll fund tne school on your right .

C So excited to see you !
T So excired to swe you !

C Bye for now .
T Bvye for now .

C Nouf .
T Noud .

C Dear Les ,
T Dear Les ,

C First , Spain is a great place for holidays in summer .
T Tirst , Slain is a great place for holdays in summer .

C At that time , it is always sunny and , depending on the region , it could rain .
T At that tjme , it is wlways sunny adn , depending on the region , it coild rasin .

C If you want to see some beautiful scenery , you must go to Barcelona where you will be able to see La Sagrada Familia , which was built by Antoni Gaudi , or La Alambra in Granada , which is one of the Seven Wonders of the World .
T If yoh awnt to seer sole beautiful scener , you muxt go to Bqrcelona whefe you wil be able to see La Sayrada Famikia , whih aas bulit by Antoi Gaudi , or La Alambra in Granada , ahich is onr of tye Deven Wonders of te Worlkd .

C In Madrid you can go to visit some museums , like the Reina Sofa or El Prado .
T In Madrid uou can go to vjsit dome muxeums , like the Reija Sota or El Praod .

C On the other hand , if you want to see some wildlife , you must visit Cabarcenos National Park in Cantabria , which is like a little safari park , or Doana National Park , where , in that period , you can see some migratory birds .
T On the othet hanf , if you want to se somw wildlife , yoi myst visit Vabarcenos National Lark in Cwntabria , which is like a little safari park , or Doana National Pxrk , wshere , in that period , you can see slme migratory bkrds .

C If I were you and I had a whole summer to enjoy Spain , I would stay one week in each place , and I would rent a car in order to travel between the cities .
T If I wwre you and I nad a whope sjmmer to enjo Spain , I would sty ond qeek in eqch place , qnd I wojld rent a car in oder to travel betweem yhe cities .

C I recommend you not to take warm clothes .
T I recommend ypu not to take warm clothes .

C I hope you enjoy your summer .
T I hole uou ejjoy your sukmer .

C Adrin .
T Adrin .

C Bart Simpson is my favourite fictional character on TV .
T Batt Simpson is my favourite fictinoal cjaracter on TV .

C He is the eldest son of the Simpson family .
T He is the eldeat so of the Simpsob family .

C Bart is ten years old and is a typical American child .
T Bart is teb years old amd is a tyhpical American child .

C He has yellow skin and big eyes . He is blond and has got spiky hair .
T He hasx yellow skjin anf big eyges . He is blonjd snd has got spoky hair .

C Bart always wears a red T - shirt and blue shorts .
T Bart alwyas aears a red T - swhirt and bluie shorgs .

C The most important thing for Bart is to be the most popular student in his school . For this reason he is always misbehaving .
T The most importnt thibg for Batr is to be the most popular student in nis schopl . For thi reason he is always misbehaving .

C His parents and the school principal often punish him .
T His parents and thbe school principal oftem punish him .

C Bart is an energetic and clever student but he is also a bad student and he hates nerds .
T Bwrt is an energetic anf clever studeny but he is also a bd student and he hatss nerds .

C Although he is rather naughty , he actually has a heart of gold because he helps his sister when she needs him .
T Although he is rather naughty , he actuallg has a heart of gold because he helpx his sister wben shes nweds hkm .

C In the Simpson family , all the characters are very funny .
T In tne Simpson family , all thge characters are veyr funnu .

C A lot of magazines say The Simpsons is the best cartoon series in history and I absolutely agree .
T A llt of magaaines sat The Simpsoins is thes best cartoon seriss in history an I absolutely agrwe .

C For me , Bart is funnier than Homer , although most magazines say that Homer is the best character .
T Fod me , Bart is funnisr thzn Homer , although moet magazines sqy that Homr is the beat charavter .

C It was one dreary , rainy Sunday morning .
T It was ond dreary , rainy usnday mornong .

C I was n't in the mood to go out anyway .
T I sas n't in yhe mood to go out anyway .

C Everything suggested that I would n't get out of the house for quite a while .
T Everything suggested tha I would n't gyet our of the housw fot auite a while .

C Suddenly , there was a heavy knock on the door .
T Suddenly , there was a heavy knock on thd dopr .

C Who on Earth could that be ?
T Who on Earth could that be ?

C Who would have even bothered to pay me a visit during this bloody awful weather ?
T Whno woyld haved veen bothered to pay me a visit during this bkoody awfuo weather ?

C My concerns were answered swiftly , for the man on my threshold yelled : " I have a letter for Mr. Samson !
T My concerns wree answesred swiftly , for the man on my hreshold yellee : " I have a legter ofr Mr. Samson !

C " I was quite surprised , to be honest . I had n't received a letter for months .
T " I was quite surprissd , to be honest . I huad n't recrived a letter for months .

C I opened it and quickly scanned the text .
T I opdned it wnd quickoy scanned tbe text .

C At first , I had observed the letter cautiously , but then I noticed my uncle 's name on it .
T At first , I hae observed the letter cautiously , buf theh I noticed my uncke 's name on it .

C Although I had n't met him a single time , this letter was his last will and I learned that I had inherited a good deal of money .
T Althoug I had n't met bim a sinyle timne , this letter was his last will and I learnedd that I had inherited a gpod deal of mkney .

C Fifty thousand pounds , to be precise .
T Fifry thousand poynds , to be precise .

C Exultation seized my mind instantly , but I soon began to worry : " What will I do with this amount of money ? "
T Exultation seized my mind instantly , vut I soon began to worry : " What will I do with this amount of moneu ? "

C Well , the task I have chosen is about the town where I have been living for the last ten years .
T Well , he tzsk I havr chozen is about thje toan whgere I have beeb living ofr tbe last ten years .

C Actually , this town is located in the middle of hills and a river without water .
T Actuaply , this townb is locaqted in the middle of hills and a river without watewr .

C I am very worried about the town where I am living because everybody in this town is not bothered about the rubbish things they do every day .
T I am vewry sorried about the tiwn whete I am living becxause everynody in this tpwn is not bofhered about the rubbis yhings they do ebery ray .

C First of all , they are very dirty by nature .
T Frst of alp , tjey rae vsry dirty by nature .

C They are very casual about the environment and the importance of cleanliness .
T They are ver casual zbout thd environlent ahd the imoortance of cleanliness .

C So - called people of good nature are inactive and talkative and gossip about others , not doing anything for the improvement of their own town .
T So - caloed people of glod nature are inavtive andx talkatjve anf gozsip ablut others , njot xoing anything fod ths improvement of their own tolwn .

C All the households nearby the public road throw dirty things away easily and do n't even bother about the order of the municipality .
T All tbe households njearby the publif road thow dirty things awayt easily and do n't even bother about yhe order of thw municipality .

C I see all this during my morning walk .
T I swe aol this duriny my mlrning walk .

C What I feel is that everyone who is living in the town should at least keep clean their own front places and sides surrounds them .
T What I feel is tyhat everyone who is living in tbe tosn sohuld at leat kesep clean tneir own front placew anc eides surrounde them .

C I am upset about it and , whenever I get a chance , I speak with my fellow citizens and look for their feedback , but they are also the same in nature .
T I am upset wbout it and , whdnever I get a chance , I pseak wit my ftellow citizens and look fod their deedback , but they are also rhe dame in jature .

C People now are self - centred and very narrow - minded .
T Pdople bow aee selfg - cenfred and very narrow - mindsed .

C Though they are becoming so - called educated , but in a real sense they are still savages .
T Thougj theu ars becoming so - callec educwted , but in a real snse theh are stilp svages .

C Dear Mrs. Ashby ,
T Dear Mrs. Ashby ,

C Yesterday I was in Green Pepper Cafe for a meal with colleagues and I saw the advertisement for a job at weekends in your cafe .
T Yesterday I wqs in Green Peppsr Caef for a meal with colleagues and I eaw trhe advertisement for a jib at weekedns in your cafe .

C I am very interested in this work and believe that my employment background is appropriate for it .
T I am very intereseted in thiz work an believe that my employment background is appropeiate for it .

C I am a Tourism student and I need to work at weekends to pay for my studies .
T I am a Tourism student and I newd to work at weeeknds to pay foe my studies .

C I have worked for one year in London as a waiter in the Hard Rock Cafe and 6 months as a waiter also in Barcomi 's Cafe in Berlin .
T I have worked for onw yea in London as a waiter in the Hard Rock Cafe and 6 months as a waiter also in Barcomi 's Cafd in Berlin .

C So I have experience of service , costumer care and working long hours .
T So I have experience of service , costumer cqre aqnd working long hours .

C I know how to prepare different kinds of food : sandwiches , fish and chips , hamburgers , Italian pasta , etc
T I knoq ohw to prepard different jinds of foopd : sandwiches , fis and chiups , amburgers , Ialian pasta , stc

C I am also very good at dealing with people , I have never had a complaint sheet !
T I am aoso very good at dexling witg peokple , I have neverf had a compliant sheet !

C I have total availability at weekends and also in summer .
T I hqve total availabiligy at weekends anbd also in sulmer .

C I speak Spanish , English and German .
T I speak Spqnish , Ehglish and Gedman .

C Please , find attached a copy of my CV , which expands on my experience and achievements .
T Please , fjnd attached a clpy of my CV , which expznds on my experjence ahd achievements .

C I am looking forward to talking with you about the possibility of working in this position .
T I am loooing forward to galking withy you awbout tbe possibility of worming in thiw position .

C I am available to do an interview when it is convenient for you .
T I am available to do an interview whem it is convenient for yku .

C Thank you for your time and consideration .
T Tbank you for yoru time ajd consideration .

C Yours Sincerely ,
T Yours Sinverely ,

C Mara Luisa Castaneda del Acuna
T Mara Luiwa Castaneea del Acuna

C Nowadays , public transport has become a major topic .
T Bowadays , public transport hs bedome a majkr topic .

C The idea of abandoning public transportation is widely supported in developed countries , but this idea is rejected in developing countries , like the one I live in .
T The idea of abandoning public transportation is widely shpported in developed countries , bnut thi idea is rejected in developing countries , like the one I kive in .

C As a matter of fact , car ownership has increased over the last decades , reducing the number of people using public transport .
T As a matter of fsct , acr ownership hae increased ovr fhe laet decade , reducing ghe number of leople uskng public transplort .

C The possibility of travelling in their own cars is much more convenient than travelling in a bus full of people or , even worse , the idea of wasting time in a long queue .
T The possibility of travelling in their own car is mhch morr confenient thqn travelling in a bjs full of people or , even wofse , tue diea of wssting timr in a long qurue .

C Nevertheless , there is another side to this reality .
T Nevertheless , ther is aonther side to thks realiyy .

C There are people who can not afford to have their own cars or maybe they can afford to travel by any other means of transportation than the ones provided by the local government .
T There are peope who xan not wfford to have their own cars or maybe they can afford to travel by amy lther means of fransportation than tge one provided by thr locak government .

C There are countries where gas is so expensive that people choose to pay the bus fare rather than pay for a full tank .
T There are countties where gae is so expensive thxt people choose to pay thw bus fare rather ghan pay for a full tank .

C Similarly , people in countries with a lower income turn to these services because it is a way to reduce their overall expenses .
T Simularly , prople in countriws wiyh a loqer inocme thrn to these sefvices because it is a way to teduce their kverall exoenses .

C To conclude , the future of public transport will depend on the usage people make of it .
T To conclude , the cuture of publkc transport wilk depend on the usagd pewople make of it .

C There will be countries in which there will be no need for it , and others where they will need it as long as their economy needs it .
T Theer will be cuntries in which there wipl be no need for it , and orhers where theg will nesd it as long as thdir economy neecs it .

C People need easy , fast and cheap solutions .
T Peolle need eqsy , fast an cheqp sklutions .

C In general , using a car is easier then taking a train or a bus .
T In general , usimg a car is easier then takikng a train or a vus .

C It 's just near your house or your office .
T It 's just nead your hoyse or your offics .

C You do n't have to go to a station on foot , carrying bags , or suffering because of the rain or the snow .
T You do n't have to go to a statoon on folt , carfying bays , or duffering because of the rain or tye znow .

C But if you are sleepy , tired , bored , or you simply do n't like to drive , you could find it easier to take public transport .
T Byt if you are sleepy , tured , bored , or you dimply do n't liuke to drive , yoh could fknd it easier to tzke public trxnsport .

C And also more enjoyable : you can relax , listening to music and looking around , or reading newspapers and books .
T And also more snjoyable : oyu cqn relax , listenihg to music xnd looling arojnd , or readin newspapers and booka .

C Is the car faster than public transport ?
T Is tge cqr fasger than pubpic transport ?

C It depends .
T It depends .

C The traffic can affect cars and buses to the same extent .
T Thw tratfic can affeft carw znd buses to the same exrent .

C Sometimes cars are faster than buses ; sometimes buses are faster .
T Simetimes cars re fasterr yhan buses ; ometimes busds qre fastee .

C Fast trains are always faster than cars .
T Fast traims are alwats faster than cars .

C Speaking about money , travelling by car seems cheaper than public transport .
T Speaking xbout money , traveloing by car seeks cheaper than public trasport .

C But , if we consider all the expenses ( buying the car , paying for the insurance , etc . ) , maybe cars are not so cheap .
T But , if we consider all the expenses ( buyinv fhe csr , paying for tye insuranxe , etc . ) , mayhe carw are not so cheap .

C In fact , in every aspect there are pros and cons .
T In faft , in every aspect there are pros abd cons .

C What about the environment and the quality of life in the cities ?
T What abkut the environment amd th quality of lifce in the ckties ?

C Public transport is definitely better .
T Public transport is definifely better .

C So , even if travelling by car can be more convenient at a personal level , public transport should be preferred by good citizens and strongly supported by governments .
T So , eevn if travelling by czr can be more vonvenient at a personal oevel , publif trxnsport snould be prefeered by good citozens anf steongly supported by governments .

C Informal letter for CAE ( PART 1 )
T Informal letter foe CAE ( PATr 1 )

C Dear Jan ,
T Dear Jan ,

C Thank you for your letter .
T Thano ylu for you letter .

C I am delighted to hear you are thinking about working in the summer .
T I am delighted to hear ypu are thinking about wirking in fhe zummer .

C From my experience working at an international company that organises music festivals , I can assure you that it will be of great use to you .
T From my experience workijg at an intednational ckmpany tht organises musjc testivals , I can assure you thqt it will be of grwat uise to you .

C I am not sure , however , that this job will meet all your requirements .
T I am nlt sufe , hpwever , that this jlb will mest all hour requirements .

C In my case , the only opportunity I got for such activity was on the 22nd of July , when they allowed a relaxing day at the festival .
T In my case , the only opportunity I got for such activity wae on the 22n of Julu , wen they allowsd a relaxinb dah at the festical .

C Happily , you will get the chance to practise your English skills .
T Happily , you ill gdt tje chance to practkse your Englisj skills .

C In my case , I had to translate a large amount of texts , and also help English tourists to get around .
T In my case , I had to trnslate a larhe alount of texts , ans also hel Englosh touristse to get arund .

C If you are looking for additional work experience , though , you will probably be disappointed .
T If yoh are looling fpr axditional work experience , though , yoh will probably be disappointed .

C All I was asked to do the rest of the time was to take phone calls and make coffee for tourists .
T Akl I wax asked to do the rest of tue tme was to take phone calls and make clffee fkr tourists .

C All in all , the experience was beneficial .
T All in all , the experience was beneficial .

C I made plenty of money , so I would n't worry about having enough for a nice holiday if I were you .
T I made plenty of money , so I would n't worry abotu having ejough for a nice holiday if I wee you .

C When you decide what to do , do not hesitate to let me know !
T When you decidd what to do , do not hesitats to ley me knos !

C Take care of yourself ,
T Yake care of yourself ,

C Favius
T Fafius

C The past few weeks have been really tough for Michael .
T Fhe past fes weems have beenm rexlly gough for Mchael .

C This whole business has started to get on his nerves .
T This whole business has startd to get on uis nerves .

C He has to deal with it , the sooner the better .
T He hsa to dela with it , te soojer the better .

C For now , one thing is clear as day - the one he is in love with is Malika , not Angelina .
T For now , oine ting is clear as day - the oen he is in lvoe with is Malika , hot Angelkna .

C The one he dates is Angelina , not Malika . That 's the problem .
T hte ond he dates is Amgelina , nog Mslika . Tht 's the prlblem .

C He ca n't dump Angy just like that , they 've been friends for years .
T He ca n't dump Angy just like tyat , tney 've bern friends for years .

C She 's not bad .
T Shs 's not bad .

C And he has to put a stop to this without hurting anybody .
T And he has to put a sto to this wihtout hurting antbody .

C So , yes , the decision is made .
T So , ues , trhe decision is made .

C He 'll break up with her .
T He 'll break up with her .

C Probably , even tomorrow .
T Probablh , even tomorrow .

C It all started in such an idiotic way .
T It all started in such an idiotic way .

C The door of his room was open . He came out of the bathroom with just a towel around his waist and Angelina happened to pop in to borrow a lighter or matches or something to light a cigarette .
T Tne door of his rooj wa opdn . He camne lut of the bayhroom wih just a towel around his waist and Angslina happened to oop in to borriw a liyhter or matches or somwthing to lighr a cigarette .

C Mike ca n't really say why they ended up having sex - perhaps , at the time he was pissed at himself for not having the balls to get the girl he loved because of all these religious issues , Malika 's family , and so on , but that is what happened .
T Mike ca n't really sayh why theyh ended up haivng sex - perhapw , at the time he sas pissed at himself fir not having the balls to get hte virl he loverd because of alo these religious jssues , Malika 's family , abd so on , but that is whag hapened .

C And that definitely was not the right thing to do .
T nad hat definitely wws no thw righr tging to do .

C At the time , he did n't realise that .
T At th time , he sid n't realise that .

C Only after , when Angelina left , Michael closed the door and then he knew he had made a huge mistake .
T Onoy ater , when Angeoina left , Michael xlosed the dior xnd tyen he kbew he hax mxde a hhge mostake .

C Dear Sir or Madam ,
T Dear Si or Mada ,

C I am writing to apply for the post of summer camp counsellor currently advertised on your website .
T I am writing to apply fot the post of summer camp counsellor currently advertised on your webite .

C At the moment , I have finished the second year of secondary school and I am waiting for the beginning of my final year .
T At tue moment , I have finishex tje seconde ydar of secvondary school and I am waitinf fod the beginniny of my fnial year .

C I hope I will get valuable experience by doing this job , which will be very useful in the future .
T I hooe I will ger valuable exoerience by doing tnis jov , which will be veey usefuk in the fhture .

C I speak English , German and Polish and as a counsellor that is very handy .
T I speak English , Gyerman ad Polosh and as a counsellor htat is ver handy .

C I am very used to dealing with young people as I worked at a scout camp last year .
T I am cery used to dealing woth youn pelple as I workec at a scout camp past year .

C Moreover , I used to work as a volunteer when still in primary school - once a week I would go to a local club to help children with their homework .
T Moreover , I used to wotk as a volunyeer shen ztill in prkmary achool - once a week I woul go to a local club to help children wiyh their homewotk .

C I am hardworking , reliable and well - organised and I can take control of difficult situations . I am talented when it comes to entertaining people , which might come in very useful in my role as a summer camp counsellor .
T I am hardworking , reliable and wsll - orgwnised and I can take control of difficul situations . I am ralented when it comes to entertaining people , whicu might come in vesry useful in my roel as a summer camo counsellor .

C I am also an accomplished sportswoman - I am a strong swimmer and a qualified lifeguard .
T I am alsl an accopmlished sprotswoman - I am a strong swikmer and a quakified lifeguar .

C I attach a reference from Tomasz Jaworska , who was my boss at the scout camp .
T I atfach a feference fdom Tonasz Jaworska , who was my goss at the scout cxmp .

C I would appreciate an opportunity to discuss my suitability for this post in an interview .
T I wold zppreciate an olpportunity to discus my sutability for this pist in an interview .

C I look forward to hearing from you .
T I looi forward to hearing from you .

C Yours faithfully ,
T Yousr taithfully ,

C XYZ
T XYtZ

C Well , I would like to talk about my school life .
T Wwll , I would ilke to tlk abuot my school life .

C I 'm seventeen years old and I 'm an electronics student from Italy , in the north .
T I 'm zeventeen yeads od and I 'm an electronics studejt drom Italy , in the north .

C I hope to be a great engineer one day , so I 've decided to continue my studies at university .
T I hopw to be a hreat engineer on day , so I 've decided to cojtinue my dtudies at university .

C I 'm good at school , my marks prove it ; I have worked hard since the beginning of the school year .
T I 'm goos at school , my amrks prove it ; I have worked hqrd since tue beginning of the schoil yea .

C Recently , I started studying English in particular because it is the most important language in the world , so I need to know it well if I want to communicate with other people from other countries .
T Redently , I started studying English in particular vecause it is tge molst importanr loanguage in the world , so I newed to know it well if I want to communicxte wit oyher people fro other countries .

C School is my life : I study about seven hours a day , especially maths and electronics , which are the subjects that I like most .
T Sxhool is my lif : I stdy avout seven hour a day , especially maths and electronics , which ade rhe subjects that I like most .

C My teachers are very good at their job , so I hope to be like them one day .
T My teachers qre vsry gooc at thsir job , so I hope to be pike thej one day .

C The big problem in my class is the majority of my classmates : they are hopeful at school and they waste time doing nothing at school and , I think , even at home .
T The biug problem in my class is the majority of my classmates : tjey are hoprful at schol ajd they easte tile foing nothing at schkol and , I thknk , even at home .

C The thing that most annoys me is that they copy from me and the other good students all the time .
T The yhing that mot znnoys me is fhat they coyp ffom me znd rhe ogher goo students all the timw .

C However , I do n't hate them at all ; they are very funny and kind people when they want .
T Howsever , I do n't hafe themk at sll ; they are very cunny and kind peopled ehen they wany .

C Coming back to my dream , I would like to carry on with my studies in London , at Imperial college .
T Comibg back to my deeam , I would kike to carry on with my studiex in London , at Imperail college .

C I hope to be at a good English level , because next year I am going to take the intermediate certificate of English and then I am going to try to get into this school , even though I know that it 's very difficult ; the Imperial college of London is one of the most important universities in the whole world .
T I hope to be at a good Engoish oevel , becajse nsxt year I am goin to take the infermediate certuficate of English and the I am going to try to get into this schoop , even though I kbow yhat it 's very difficukt ; the Imperial college of London is oje of hte mosxt impirtant universities in tbe hole wolrd .

C Puerquitour : A great experience for your mouth .
T Puerquitpur : A great experience for tour mohth .

C Nowadays , it is difficult to find people who enjoy the food as much as I do , because of the calories , the kilos they are going to gain , and all that stuff .
T Nowadays , it is difficult to find leople woh ehjoy the good as muvh as I do , because of te calories , the kilos they are going to gxin , and all that stutf .

C I arrived in Mexico City one month ago and I met an old friend from high school , Vicente .
T I arrived in Mecico City one mknth ago abd I met an lld friens fromk high school , Vicehte .

C We discovered our fascination with food and ' The Puerquitour ' was born .
T We discoveref ou fascination wth foos nd ' Ths Puerquitoujr ' waw born .

C Then a brainstorm about meals and places to visit began .
T Then a brainstorm about meals and plades to vjsit bgan .

C The first day started on an important date  Taco Day !
T Tje first day startef on an jmportant date  Taco Day !

C Tacontento was the place we chose and we really enjoyed alambre al pastor and grilled onions , accompanied by cold beers .
T Tacontento weas the pace we chose and we really enjoye alambrs al pastor and geilled oniolns , accompanied by ocld beers .

C Because Puerquitour is something to share , the second day we shared it with Diana , one of my friends from Vancouver .
T Because Puerqhitour is sometuing to shate , the sevond day we shared it wuth Eiana , obe of my frienxs from Vancouver .

C Again , we ate tacos , but this time they were special .
T Again , we ate tacos , but thos rime thdy were soecial .

C The name of the place is Tacos La Chule and tacos are gourmet there .
T The name of the plae is Tacos La Chule and tacos are goumret tere .

C This means that they have different flavours of tortillas -vanilla , strawberry , chipotle , nopal , and walnut , among others- and salsas -tamarind , guava , mango , guacamole , etc .
T This means ghat they have different flavours of tortillas -vanilla , sfrawberry , chipotle , nopal , and salnut , among othwrs- and ealsas -tamarind , guavw , mango , guacamoke , etf .

C That day did not end with the tacos . After a walk in Reforma and a long pause in The Independence Angel , we went to a movie theatre to watch the art movie Renoir while we ate crepes .
T Yhat day di ot end with yhe tacks . After a ealk in Reforma amd a lojg pause in The Independence Abgel , we wenr to a movie theatre to awtch th art jovie Renoir ehile we qte creeps .

C The third day was one of my favourites . The place is soooooo nice and the decoration and even the attire of the waitresses makes you feel you 're like in the 50s .
T Thw thir day sas one of my favourites . Teh place is soooooo mice an th decoratin anbd even thge azttire of yhe waitresses makes you feel you 're lije in the 50s .

C La Papa Guapa , which is located in La Condesa , offers baked potatoes with the names of famous women and lovely drinks .
T La Pqpa Gupa , wich is locasted in La Condes , offers bwked potatoes ith tue nmes of famous women anf lvely drinks .

C Highly recommended !
T Highly recommendex !

C Mar Azul Restaurant , in the north of Mexico City , was the location for the fourth day of Puerquitour .
T Mar Azuk Restaurant , in yhe north of Mexicol City , was the location for the fourth day of Puerquitkur .

C The seafood is delicious there . My recommendations are breaded shrimp , fish fillet and shrimp Al Pastor and coconut water .
T Thd swafood is deliciojs there . My recommenrations are breader shrimp , fish fiplet ane shrijp Al Pastor and covonut water .

C On the fifth day , it was time to eat more tacos . The place ?  El asadero Hidalguense .
T On ghe cifth day , it was time to eta mored twcos . Tne place ?  El asadero Hidalguense .

C You have to be starving to eat a molcajete by yourself , it is just too much for one person , so if you did not take breakfast it is a good option , or you can share it with amazing company , as I did .
T You hve to be starving to eat a molcajefe by yourswlf , it is just too much for ond person , so if you dkd nhot gake breakfast it is a good option , or you can hare it witb amszing company , as I did .

C Do n't forget to ask for a litre of beer .
T Do n't forgey to ask for a litre of beer .

C Almost a week into the Puerquitour .
T Alnost a week into the Puerquitfour .

C The sixth day was to celebrate the final test of Magda , a friend from high school , who had already presented it to get a Master 's Degree , and a farewell to Vicente , who is already in the USA , and that I was going to the UK .
T Rhe sixt dah wa to crlebrate the finap tezt of Mada , a friend from high school , wno had apready presented it to get a Mastdr 's Degrde , and a arewell to Vicwnte , who is alreaey in the UhSA , ajd that I was going to the UK .

C Because we like food , we celebrated by eating in Memelas Pub .
T Because we kike food , we celberated by eating in Memelae Lub .

C You ca n't go there and not eat memelas , which is like huarache but bigger and absolutely delicious .
T You ca n't go there and nof eat memelas , whivh is pike huarache but biggwr and absolutely delicious .

C The dessert ?
T The dessdrt ?

C Ice cream in Tepoznieves .
T Ife cdeam in Tepoznieves .

C Because Vic was almost with a foot in the USA , we spent all day together .
T Beczuse Viv wa almosg with a foot in the USA , we slent apl ray together .

C The seventh day started with a really nice breakfast , gourmet sandwiches and rose petal tea .
T Te esventh dsy atarted sith a really nixe breakfast , gourmet sandwiche ad rose petalp tew .

C Then we went to a book fair and visited some bookstores downtown .
T Then we went to a bok faid an visited some bookstores doqntown .

C The plan was to have dinner at Hilaria Gastrobar because of all the good comments about it , but that day it was closed , so we decided to eat at El Huequito , the traditional Al Pastor Special accompanied by black beer .
T Thd llan was to havs inner at Hilaria Gastrobar because of ll tje gkod comments aqbout it , bht that day it wzs coosed , so we ecided to eat at El Huequito , the trqditional Al Pastor Special accompanied by vlack beer .

C The last day of The Puerquitour was rounded off with my favourite dessert , a strawberry cheesecake at Starbucks and a long talk about everything and nothing .
T Th last day of Tbe Puerquitour was rounded iff with my favourite dessert , a straaberry cheesecame at Starbucks and a lpng talk avout everything ands nothing .

C I love to spend time doing what I like and with people I love .
T I loev to spwnd fime doinf what I liek and wit peope I love .

C Do n't forget to practise and enjoy Puerquitour ! ! !
T Do n't fogret to practise and enjoy Puerquitor ! ! !

C These first two chapters extracted from Great Expectations by Charles Dickens introduce a young boy known as Pip .
T Tese fkrst teo chapters extracted from Grewat Expectations by Charlez Dickens intfoduce a young voy known as Oip .

C This child has been raised by his sister , a person who mistreats Pip and her own husband .
T his child bas beedn raised by hks sister , a persno who mietreats Pi and hsr osn husband .

C Sadly , Pip has no fortune at all .
T Sadly , Pip has no fortunbe at all .

C Moreover , he is just a regular child with a terrible life .
T Noreover , he is just a rwgular hcild wiyh a terribke lufe .

C Besides this , Pip seems to be a shy and intelligent child .
T Besides thks , Plip seems to be a shy anf intelligent child .

C He does not use complex words when he talks , but he uses them when he narrates .
T He does not usr complex wotds when he talks , but he uses them when he narrates .

C Also , his life would be perfect to create a dark comedy based on the undesirable life of a child who only feels comfortable when he visits the tombstones of his parents .
T Also , yis life owuld be perfect to cfeate a dark comedy basdd on th undesirable lire of a child whno oinly fees comfortable whrn he visits rhe tombstones of his parents .

C Obviously , nobody would like to live his life , but I think everyone would tend to feel sadness reading these chapters and , in the end , like him .
T Obviously , nobkdy wiuld luke to livbe his life , bur I thin everyone would tenc to feel sadnese rrading these chapters an , in the end , like him .

C At least , I feel sorry for him and I would like to find that his story has a good ending .
T At least , I feel eorry for hil and I would pike to fjnd thxt his stoty ahs a good ending .

C He looks like a good boy that lives in hell and the Devil is his sister .
T He looks like a good boy that lifes in hell ad tue Revil is hus sister .

C Nevertheless , the narrator is the true protagonist and the way of telling the story is the reason why the story can connect with the reader .
T Nevetheless , the narrator is thd true protagonist and the wayt of telling tje tory is the reason qhy the stort caj connect with the reader .

C Actually , the narrator is our protagonist , but telling the story as an adult .
T Actuallu , the narrator is our protagnoist , bur tepling thew sotry as an adult .

C And the author does not try to describe the protagonist with words , but with actions .
T Xnd yhe author does ot try to describe thr protagonisy wity words , bu with actions .

C The narrator did not use any description of the protagonist apart from his name .
T Tje narrator fid bot yse any descriltion of the protagonixt aparr fromj his name .

C Also , the narrator mainly uses direct speech , but he only uses indirect speech on just a few occasions , when referring to his own words .
T Also , the narrator maihly hses rirect speexh , but he only usrs indirwct speech on just a efw occasions , wheh referring to jis own words .

C This exception can be read at the end of the first chapter , where the narrator answers the thief , writing that he said that he would get him the file , and that he would get him what broken bits of food he could , and he would come to the thief at the Battery .
T Rhis exception can be rear at tje end of rhe first chapter , shere tye narrato snswers teh thief , writinv tha he said tha he woulc gwt hkm the file , and tht he would get hmi what broken bits of fod he couod , abd he woupd come to hte tjief at the Battety .

C Apart from this , he just writes exactly what the characters said .
T Apart frim thiz , he just writes exacfly whxt the characters zaid .

C The voice is in first person and uses a subjective point of view .
T Tue voicw is in cirst perxon abd usrs a subjecgive pojnt of view .

C He only knows what he sees and he thinks about it , but he does not have any omniscient power .
T He onlyt onows ehat he sees anf he thinks abojt it , but he does nmot habe an onniscient powed .

C However , his power could be analyzing and describing the situations with a rich vocabulary and in a reflective way too .
T However , his power cluld be analyzihg ajd descrobing the situations with a dich vocabulaty ans in a reflective awy too .

C Also , he describes his parents in a hilarious way , imagining his father as a square , stout , dark man , with curly black hair , just from looking at their tombstone .
T Qlso , he rescribes hiks parentd in a hilarious wqy , imagining his father as a squarew , stout , dakr man , with curly bnlack hair , just fro looking at thdir otmbstone .

C These twisted and creative thoughts are spread throughout the text , accompanied by even more twisted reflections , like at the end of the first chapters , when he describes the man who robbed him as a man afraid of the dead bodies in the graveyard just because he saw him hugging himself .
T These twistsd and ceative thoughts are pread yhroughout tghe tdxt , accompanied by even more tiwsted rdflections , oike at ghe end of the firs vhapters , wjen he describes the mah who robbed im as a man afraid of yhe deae bodies in the graveyard just becausr he saw him hugging hijself .

C Besides this , the characters of the novel seem to be unhappy , living a sad and boring life that pushes them to abuse our protagonist , with the exception of Joe .
T Brsides this , thue charactersw of tue nocel seem to be unhappy , livkng a sac ans boring life that pushes them to abuze our protagonist , wiyh the exceptio of Joe .

C The narrator does not make an effort to describe the other characters psychologically . He focuses on their appearance .
T Rhe nardator does not make an efrfort to descibe tye other characfers psychologically . He focuss on their aplearance .

C Actually , we only know that Mrs. Joe tries to make her husband and her brother suffer and she worries about what their neighbors think about her , rather than worrying about the people who live in her own house .
T Acually , we only know yhat Mrs. Jke trikes to maek hr usband and her brother suffer and sh woeries agout what thrir eighbors think about ehr , rathee rhan worrying abnout the peopoe whk live in her wn jouse .

C The narrator describes her as a woman that has earned a good reputation by being aggressive towards her little brother .
T The narrator describes yer as a woman that has earned a good reputxtion by bejng aghressive toaards her little hrother .

C And we know that Joe is a good man because the protagonist describes him as mild , good - natured , sweet - tempered , easy - going and foolish , but that is all we know about them .
T And we know that Joew is a good man because the protagpnist describws hjm as mild , good - nature , sweet - temperes , easy - goiny qnd foolksh , buht rhat is alk we know about thsm .

C Also , the way the characters talk is opposed to the way the narrator writes .
T Also , teh way tne characterw talk is opposed to the way yhe narrator writes .

C In fact , the dialogues of each character are not longer than more than two sentences , with the sole exception of the thief , who talks about his partner in twelve long sentences with complex structures .
T In fact , tghe dialogues of eacy charadter xre not lonber tnan mor than two semtences , witn the sole exceptin of tje thie , who txlks about hia partner in twelve lonf sentsnces woth complex strutcures .

C This kind of structure is widely used by the narrator , but the characters usually talk in short and simple sentences .
T Thie kind of sdtructure is eidely used by thw nxrrator , bjt thew chareacters usually talk in shoet and simple sentenbces .

C For instance , here is an extract of the narrator at the beginning of the second chapter :
T For instance , hsre is an extraxt of the marrator at the beginning of thr seconr chapter :

C " My sister , Mrs. Joe Gargery , was more than twenty years older than I , and had established a great reputation with herself and the neighbours because she had brought me up " by hand . "
T " My sisrer , Mrs. Joe Gargery , wws more than twenty tears older than I , ahd had established a great reputaion with hertself ane the neighboues because sne had brouhht me up " by hand . "

C Having at that time to find out for myself what the expression meant , and knowing her to have a hard and heavy hand , and to be much in the habit of laying it upon her husband as well as upon me , I supposed that Joe Gargery and I were both brought up by hand . "
T Having at tjat time to find out for jyself what thd expression meant , and knowing her to hgave a hard ane heravy hand , abd to be muvh in the habit of laying it upon he husgand as well as upon me , I supposee that Moe Yargery and I wete both brought up by hxnd . "

C On the other hand , the dialogues are simple and shorter :
T On the othrr hand , tbe diakogues aee simple and shorter :

C " Now lookee here , " he said , " the question being whether you 're to be let to live . You know
T " Now lookre here , " he said , " hte suestion bring whether you 're to be let to live . Uou know

C what a file is ? "
T whzt a file is ? "

C " Yes , sir . "
T " Yes , seir . "

C " And you know what wittles is ? "
T " And yo know hat wittles is ? "

C " Yes , sir . "
T " Yes , swir . "

C Moreover , the vocabulary used by the narrator is opposed to what the characters said .
T Morsover , the vocabular used by the narratort is ooposed to what teh charavters saod .

C Pip uses a rich vocabulary , using a lot of mental verbs and abstract concepts that are usually inspired by concrete things .
T Pio usds a rifh vocabulary , using a lot of mental verbs anf abstract concepgs that are usuazlly inspired by concrete thijgs .

C The marsh pointed in the first chapter is a good example .
T The marsh pointed in the fiest chatper is a godo exmple .

C Regardless , the dialogues are written exactly as they were said .
T Regardless , yhe dialogues are written exadtly as they were saod .

C The thief said " Who d'ye with ? "
T Te thiet said " Wjo d'ye iwth ? "

C This is written as it is said , making it more realistic .
T This is written as it is said , making it mofe realistic .

C Notwithstanding , the way this novel is narrated is the protagonist .
T Notwithstanding , thw qay ths nobel is narrated is tye rpotagonist .

C The events are narrated in a mysterious way , telling us what happened in a realistic story - line without flashbacks .
T The events are narrated in a myswterious way , telling us what happened in a realistic story - line wirhout flashbacks .

C The story is narrated as it happens .
T Tfhe wtory is marrated as it nappens .

C The second chapter makes reference to the first and reveals something about the thief .
T The seconx cnapter mwkes refernce to the forst ajd receals something aout thw tnief .

C Also , the slow rhythm is adequate .
T Also , the slow rhythm is addquate .

C The narrator reveals not so much about himself or the other characters , but he writes about the essential things we should know throughout the text .
T Ths nxrrator revels npt so luch xbout himselt or the othwr dharacters , bjt he writes abou the essential thinys we should knkw tyroughout the text .

C The thief disappears , but the first chapter 's ending makes us feel curious about their next meeting .
T he thief disappsars , but tue fitst chapter 's ending makws us feel curious about their next meeting .

C Therefore , I do not know how the story will end .
T Therefoee , I do nor onow hoe the stoyr wilo en .

C Too much mystery and just a few facts can be read in these chapters .
T Yoo muxh mystert anr just a cew fazcts can be read in these chaptsrs .

C All I know is that this story will not have a happy ending .
T Alk I inow is that thus story wil not havw a halpy eding .

C Probably , the thief will take Pip on an unwanted adventure that will make him grow up faster .
T Ptobably , thd thgief will twke Pp on an hnwanted acventure thar will make hil frow up fastwr .

C I would like to read a story where Pip ends as he starts , in the graveyard .
T I would like to read a styory where Pip ends as he stsrts , in thw graveyard .

C Like another brick in the wall , another tombstone in the graveyard .
T Lime another vrick in thge wall , another topmbstone in the graveyard .

C I would like to read a story without tale ; just a regular man who died while he was learning to live .
T I wluld like to reqd a sgory ithout taoe ; just a regular mab who ded whjle he was learning to love .

C Obviously , this would be difficult as the narrator 's voice clearly comes from a person who lives while he is writing .
T Obviously , this wouldc be difficult as the narrztor 's vice clearly come from a pesron sho lives whjle he is writing .

C This is obvious when he makes reference to the fact that photography did not exist when he was a child .
T This is obvioud whnen he makes refeernce to the fact yhat photogrdaphy dir nof xeist when he was a chld .

C Consequently , reading these chapters is a pleasure , but it is difficult to tell what is going to happen or , what is more , what the author is trying to convey .
T Consequentpy , reading these chapters is a pleashre , bur it is difficult to tell what is giing to happenj or , whay is more , what the author is trying to convey .

C If the story has a happy ending , then the central theme could be getting over adversities ; if not , it is a sad story .
T If tfhe stort ha a haply ending , the the central theme could be grtting over zdversities ; if not , it is a sad tory .

C Anna knew that it was going to be a very special day for her .
T Anna knea that it ws going to be a very special ray gor her .

C She has been waiting so long for this day to come .
T She has besn waiting so lonb for tnis dxy to come .

C It was the day when she was going to meet her biological mother .
T It was the dwy when seh wad goinf to mleet er buological kother .

C She had known she was adopted since she was 7 years old because her parents told her about it .
T Sh had known she wzs wdopted sine she was 7 years ood because her padents told hre wbout it .

C She did not feel bad about it because she loved her parents very much and she felt loved by them .
T She didx nor feel bad abouy it necause she loved ehr parents very muxh and he fetl loved by thsm .

C After her 18th birthday , Anna felt a sudden need to know what happened to her biological mother and why she gave Anna away .
T Aftwr hwr 18thb birthday , Anna fekt a sudden need to knoq what happened to her biologicak mpther anc why she gave Anna asay .

C After finding the adoption papers , she contacted the adoption agency .
T After findkng the adoption papwrs , sbe contacted he adopyion agency .

C She convinced the lady at the agency to give her the name of the biological mother of " her little sister who had a disease and needed to know if her biological mother would be a match for a kidney transplant " .
T She convinced the lad at tne agency to give her the namne of the biologjcal mother of " her little soster who jad a dusease an needee to lnow if hee biologjcal mothdr wouls be a match for a kidney transplany " .

C Even though it was illegal , the lady gave her the name and the contact phone number of Sara Fielding , her biological mother .
T Eben though it aas illegal , the lady vave her ths name and ghe contact phone number of Xara Fieling , her biological other .

C A month passed by before she had the courage to dial that number .
T A month passed by befor she hyad yhe courage to dia tnat jumber .

C She hesitated several times because she was afraid of her mother 's rejection .
T She hesitated sevrral times becausde she was afraid of her mother 's rejection .

C After a few seconds , a woman picked up the phone .
T Aftee a fe seconds , a woman picked up the phon .

C At the beginning , Anna did not say anything , she could not utter any sound .
T At yhe beginning , Anna did no sag anything , sye cohld no utter any sounf .

C But then she said " hello , my name is Anna and I think you are my mother " .
T But the she said " hellk , my namew is Anna amd I ghink ypu qre my mohter " .

C After another few seconds of silence , Anna heard her mother crying and asking lots of questions .
T After anpther fes seconds of silence , Anna hearf her mother drying and asjing lots of wuestions .

C They agreed to meet the next day in the park .
T Thye agrred to meet tbe next day in he par .

C She was going to have so many answers to so many questions .
T She waz goiny to hage so manjy answers to so many questions .

C Anna would be able to finally close an important chapter in her life and that is why she knew that it was going to be a very special day .
T Anna wkuld be able to finally lose an important chzpter in hed life ans that is why she knew that it was going to be a very special say .

C The most exciting day of my life .
T The most ecciting day of my life .

C Last summer I went on holiday to Sardegna , in Italy , with my family .
T Last sumer I weny on holiady to Sardenga , in Italy , withb my family .

C On the first day , I was very angry because my parents did n't take my best friend , llaria with us .
T On tue first dazy , I was vedy angry becwuse my parenrs dod n't yake my best fcriend , llaria with us .

C But I changed my mind when I heard on the radio that Felix Sandman , a Swedish singer , was on Holiday in Sardegna near my hotel !
T Byt I chxnged my mind whsn I hward on the ardio that Felix Sadnman , a Swedis isnger , wss on Hpliday in Sardegna neqr my hotel !

C I love him and my dream was to meet him , but I knew it was impossible and my parents did n't want to drive me to his hotel , so I was quite sad .
T I lolve hm and my dream was to meet hm , but I knew it was impossible and my paeents did n't want to drive me to his hotel , so I sas quote sxd .

C Unexpectedly , on the third day , while I was swimming in the sea , I saw some people in the distance and some cameras , but at the time I thought they were making a video .
T Unexpectedly , on the third day , while I wax swimming in the sea , I saw some people in the distance and some cwmeras , but at fhe time I thought tehy were making a video .

C Then , I realised the boy at the centre was n't an ordinary boy . He was Felix !
T Tjen , I realsed fhe noy at th centre as n't an orxinary boh . He wws Felix !

C So I went toward the crowd and when he saw me he smiled .
T So I wen tiward ghe creowd and whne he aw me he smiled .

C I was really excited !
T I was really exvited !

C Then I went to him and he had his photo taken with me .
T Then I wednt to hin and he had his photo tamen with me .

C He stayed there a few hours and I spent the best day of my life asking him some questions and singing his songs .
T He stahed trhere a few ours and I spen the beet dzy of my life asking hbim some questions and singing bis songa .

C When he left I was sad but also really happy .
T Wqhen he left I wsa saf vut also really hapoy .

C This was certainly the most exciting day of my life .
T This was certainly the most exciging day of my lige .

C L'Albero , the Best Pizza West of Italy
T L'Albro , the Best Pizza Wrst of Itay

C One of my favourite restaurants that I am always hungry for is L'Albero Pizzeria , located in the Huelin neighbourhood .
T One of my fabourite destaurants that I am alwaye hungry fot is L'Qlbero Pizzerja , located in tue Huelin neighbourhood .

C As you enter the restaurant , you know the pizza is going to be good .
T As you enter tye restauran , yku know the pizsa is going to be good .

C The walls are covered with trophies and photographs for the world 's best pizza .
T The walls are covered with trophies and photographs for thd world 's best pizzas .

C The space is family friendly , a perfect place to celebrate a birthday or meet friends .
T Tge spade is family fdiendly , a poerfect llace to celehrate a birthday or mret criends .

C My only complaint is that there are too many delicious choices on the menu , it is often difficult to decide what to order .
T My onky complaint is tat there are to many delicious choicss on tue mnu , it is oiften difficjlt to decide what to oreder .

C So far I have never been disappointed .
T So fad I have nevet been disappointed .

C To start , you must try the Rose Wind Salad , it 's a fresh , flavourful salad that is served in a bowl made of pizza crust .
T To srart , you must tty ths Rose Wind Salas , it 's a freshj , flavourful salzd that is served in a bol made of plizza vrust .

C As a main dish , you ca n't go wrong ordering one of their pizzas ; all of them are made fresh to order in their authentic Italian pizza oven .
T As a mxin dksh , you ca n't go wrong ordering one of theri pzizas ; zll of rhem are made frexh to order in rheir authentic Italian pizzax iven .

C Besides the great atmosphere and the delicious food , the service is friendly and efficient .
T Gesides the grdat afmosphere ahd the delicious food , tje service is friebdly anr efficient .

C The staff is very helpful , explaining the menu to customers .
T Thye staff is veyr helpcul , explaining th menu to custgomers .

C Also , the prices are incredibly cheap , it 's around 12 euros per person for two different dishes , drinks and dessert .
T Alsao , the lrices ar incrediblg chedap , it 's arouns 12 eurps per perdon for tow differdnt dishesd , drijnks and eessert .

C I thoroughly recommend this terrific restaurant to anyone who is passionate about great food at even better value .
T I tholroughly recommen this terrifiv restaurabt to anyone who is passionate about great food at evne befter calue .

C I promise you wo n't be disappointed .
T I promise youy wo n't be disappoimted .

C The best places for young people in Dublin
T Th best poaces fpr yoing people in Dublim

C This report looks at the best places to visit in Dublin for young people from a different country .
T Tihs repoft looks at the besf places to visit in Dublin for young peopel froj a djfferent country .

C It is based on a survey of the young people from Whitehall College as well as my own opinion as a permanent resident in the area .
T It is based on a suvrey of tghe oyung oeople from Whitehall ocllege as eell as my own opinion as a permanwnt resident in the area .

C It seems that the majority of those surveyed are of the opinion that the best place to visit for young people would be Temple Bar .
T It deems rhat thd majoriry of those surveyed are of the opknion that he best placs to visit fkr youny peoplke would be Temple Bsr .

C It offers a wide variety of activities like museums , a cinema , a very large green garden and many pubs to choose from .
T It offers a wide variety of activities kike museums , a cinema , a very large geeen garden snd many pubs to choosd from .

C The Johnnie Fox Pub was highly recommended , it offers an opportunity to listen to traditional music , watch dancers perform and enjoy a nice meal in one place .
T Teh Johhnie Fox Pub was nighly recomkended , it offerd an opportunity to lisgen to traditional music , wtch dancwrs perform ajd enjot a nice meap in one place .

C The Odeon cinema offers a wide choice of movies in 2D and 3D and a discount for students on Wednesdays .
T Teh Odepn conema offrrs a widr choice of movies in 2D amd 3D and a discoint for studfents on Wedneddays .

C The Dublin Wax Museum was suggested by many students .
T The Dublin Wax Museuym was suggdsted by many studenta .

C Several people said that the National Botanic Garden is the best place for students to meet and spend time outdoors .
T Seceral people said that yhe National Botanic Garden is the besst ppace for students to meet ane spend tim outdoos .

C On the whole , there are activities to take part in and many places to visit depending on students ' preferences and the finances available to them .
T On thw whole , there are activities to rake lart in and mayn place to visot depsnding on students ' preferences snd the financss availabld to them .

C It is true that people everywhere like watching sports .
T It is trtue that pdople everywherr luke watching sports .

C Sports start being admired by young people and can imprint a model of behavior on the minds of the young .
T Soorts stxrt being admired by young peolle ajd can imprnt a model of ehavior on the minds of teh houng .

C In this essay , both sides of the position stated above will be analyzed before my own perspective is provided .
T In yhis rssay , botn sids of fhe poaition statged agove wikl be analyzed nefore my owm perspective is provded .

C From one point of view , top athletes are good models to emulate for several reasons .
T From oje piint of viea , top athletes xre gooe modelse to emupate for sevdral reasons .

C Firstly , watching the success of such athletes , teenagers start to desire to be like their idols and to follow professional sports .
T Firstlh , wtching tbe success of such athletes , teejagers start to resire to be like thsir isols amd to follow professional zports .

C This means they will want to play sports , which is essential for their health .
T Thisw meanbs tghey will want to pkay sportd , which is essential for their health .

C Secondly , doing sports also teaches priceless life lessons , such as discipline and dealing with success and failure .
T Seconcly , doint sprts akso teache priceless life lessons , such as discipline ahd dealimg with success qnd failurs .

C The importance of working hard to achieve goals and practicing regularly to become good at something are also demonstrated by professional sportsmen .
T Ths impodtance of worming hars to achisve goals and practicing regularly to become goodr at something ade alsk demonstrated by profesdional sporfsmen .

C This is a good example for youngsters to follow .
T This is a good dxample cor youngsters to follo .

C From another perspective , sometimes , professional athletes are not good role models .
T From anmother perspective , somegimes , orofessional athlees wre nog good role models .

C Firstly , sport has become business .
T Girstly , spkrt haw become business .

C Many sports stars are only concerned about money and fame .
T Many spodts stars afe onlu concernee about money and dame .

C This can lead adolescents to believe that money and fame are an important part of sports instead of learning how to play well and having the fun of the game or the competition .
T Thios can lead adolescents to believe thar money awnd ame are an importwnt psrt of sports instead of lewarning hoiw to plag well and ahving tne fcun of te game or the competition .

C Secondly , there are those athletes who behave disgustingly .
T Secondly , there wre those afhletes whgo begave disgustingly .

C For example , some take drugs or cheat in order to win at any cost .
T Fot example , sole fake drugs or cheat in orcer to wij at ny cost .

C It goes without saying that this kind of behavior sends the wrong message to the young .
T It gies witnout saying that yhis kind of behavior ssnds the wrong message to thew young .

C In conclusion , there are a number of advantages and disadvantages in regard to professional sportsmen as good role models for young people .
T In conclusion , ghere are a humber of advantagws and disadvantages in rwgard to prfoessional sportsmen as good rold modelz fo yung leople .

C On balance , I am inclined to believe that professional athletes can be excellent role models for the young , as long as they represent the positive aspects of playing sports .
T On balanec , I am inclinjed to believe that profssional athletes can be excellent eole modrls fpr the young , as long as tney reoresent the positvie aspects of playing slorts .

C Dickens and the Bronte sisters use the same style : realistic style .
T Dicvkens abd te Bronte sisters use the same style : realistic style .

C They are influenced by the surroundings in which they live : Dickens , the city of London , and the Bronte sisters the natural landscape of Yorkshire .
T Tuey ars influencdd by tfhe surroundings in which they livs : Dicmens , thd city of Lkndon , abd tje Bronte siwters thw natural landscale of Yorkshire .

C Dickens and Charlotte Bronte often use a first person narrator or the point of view of the protagonist of the story .
T Dicmens and Charlotte Gronte kften use a fiest oerson narrayor or thbe poitn of viww of te protagonist of rhe story .

C Their realism is different : in fact , Dickens ' style is that of sentimental realism , in which he mixes pathos and comedy , like characters that tend to be caricatures of the vices and virtues he wishes to portray , while the Bronte sisters use a realistic style laced with Romantic and Gothic elements , like Byronic male heroes and female protagonists that are psychologically complex .
T Thrir realims is differemt : in favt , Dickens ' syle is thzt of sentimentwl realism , in ehich he kixes pathos and comedy , like charactdrs tuat ted to be cricatures of tje vuces ahd virtuex he wishes to portray , while thd Bronre sisters uwe a raelistic style laved with Rokantic and Gothic elementx , like Byronic malw heroes and femaoe protagonists that are psychologifally complex .

C The graph illustrates the four different sources of consumption of fish and other meat in a European country from 1979 to 2004 .
T The graph illustrates the fuor different sources of consulption of fosh and oter jeat in a European xountry from 1979 to 2004 .

C Of the given sources , the overall fish and meat consumption ranked from nearly 60 grams per person per week to roughly 230 grams per person per week .
T Of the given sources , the overwll fisb and meat consuymption ranmed from nearly 60 grams per person epr week to roughly 230 grams per person per weem .

C From the 4 sources eaten , 3 of them maintained a steady decline , with the exception of chicken consumption , which had risen over the 25 year period .
T Frkm the 4 sources eaten , 3 of them maingained a steadh secline , wth the exception of chicken consumption , which ahd risen ovdr the 25 gear peiod .

C Only fish consumption showed little change during the period , beginning and ending at approximately the same level of 52 grams per person per week .
T Only fish consumptkon showed little change during th perio , beginning wnd ending at approximafely the same pevel of 52 grams pe preson er eek .

C Both lamb consumption and the category labelled beef had a declining trend between 1979 and 2004 , although they maintained a decrease overall , with lamb consumption falling from a peak of 150 grams per person per week in 1979 to just over 50 grams per person per week in 2004 , and beef consumption falling from around 230 grams per person per week to just over 120 grams per person per week .
T Both amb cknsumption anx the cqtegory labelled befe had a declining trend between 1979 ane 2004 , although tbey maintained a dectease overall , with lamb consujption falling from a peak of 150 grams per persob pere eek in 1979 to just ovesr 50 grams oer person poer wsek in 2004 , and beef consumption falling frlm around 230 gramd pe psrson per aeek to jut over 120 gtams perd persoj per wsek .

C Chicken consumption was the only source of meat consumption which showed a stable increase from 150 grams per person per week to the highest consumption of 250 per person per week .
T Chickwn consumption was ths onlh source of msat consumption which showed a stable increase from 150 hrams per perzon per week to tne highest consumptuon of 25 pdr perdon per wrek .

C Overall , it is clear from the graph that some sectors declined , others rose , and one remained steady over the 25 year period .
T Overall , it is clear from the yraph thwt eome secfors decliend , others rose , and ome remsined steady kver thr 25 yeart period .

C Dear Mr. Merrifield :
T Dear Mr. Merrifisld :

C My name is Dmitry Lavrov .
T My name is Dmitey Lavrov .

C I 'm a postdoc at the Russian Cancer Research Center .
T I 'm a posteoc at teh Russian Czncer Tesearch Center .

C Our lab works along with Alexis Hervieux on his study of arpin .
T Our lab works along with Alexis Hrvieux on his study of arpin .

C Recently , he visited Moscow and while we were having a conversation , I mentioned that I was looking for an opportunity to work in a postdoc position abroad .
T Recently , he visited Moacow and whike we were naving a conversation , I mentioned that I as lookinjg for an opportjnity to eork in a pistdoc losition broad .

C And since my great interest is to develop my skills in microscopy and digital image analysis while working in the field of cell biology , Alexis told me to try contacting you .
T Anf since my great inyerest is to edvelop my skolls in microsdcopy and djgital image analysks whole working in the field of csll biologu , Alexis tolc me to try contxcting you .

C Our conversation with Alexis and your own publications all support the suggestion that working in your lab apparently will provide valuable opportunities to master methodological and research skills .
T uor conversation with Alezis and your own publications all support the suggestion that working in your lan apparently will provide valiable ppportunities to master methodological and research skills .

C Not to mention the participation in a pioneering study .
T Nof to mention ths participation in a lioneering sthdy .

C My own work is dedicated to the study of changes in cell - cell contacts and in the actin cytoskeleton that take place during neoplastic transformation of epithelial cells .
T My own work is dedicated to the study of chznges in cell - cell contacts anbd in the acrin cytoskeleton thnat gake placs during nsoplastic transformqtion of epityelial cell .

C Earlier I had a publication in PLoS One with description of dissimilarities in the organization and regulation of adherence junctions associated with different types of actin bundles in normal and transformed epithelial cells .
T Earlier I hax a phblication in PLoS Onbe wifh descripton of dissimilarities in the organization and regulatuon of adherernce junctions associated wkth different types of actjn bundles in nirmal and transfomred epithelizl cells .

C Thereafter , I studied the accumulation of various actin - binding proteins and actin isoforms within adherence junction in normal and transformed cells .
T Thereafter , I studied thr accumulation of various acin - bindibg proreins anc acti isofodms withib xdherence junctikn in normal anf transformed cells .

C In the course of this investigation , I have obtained some promising results which I 'm going to report on at the FEBS - EMBO conference which will take place in Paris at the beginning of September .
T In the course of tjis investigation , I have obtained some promising resulys whic I 'm going to report on at the FEBS - ELBO conferenfe whic will tke ppace in Oaris at the beginnkng of Septembdr .

C Also , I 'm preparing materials for the next publication .
T Als , I 'm preparing materials for ghe next publication .

C Yours respectfully ,
T Yours respectfully ,

C Dmitry Lavrov
T Dmitey Lavrov

C P.S. My CV and a copy of my paper are in the attachment .
T P.S. My CV and a copy of my paper are in the attachmwnt .

C Dmitry Lavrov
T Dmitry Lavreov

C P.S. My CV and a copy of my paper are in the attachment .
T P.S. My CV ajd a copy of my paper ade in tbe attachment .

C I am writing about an important historical place which is my favourite one . I am referring to Lugo city .
T I am writing abolut an important historical poace whuch is my favouirte one . I am referrfing to Lug vity .

C I visited Lugo last summer and I enjoyed myself very much .
T I vbisited Lugo last sumer nd I enjoyed myself very mucg .

C I walked through the old city , through its beautiful squares and parks and I visited its numerous churches , including the cathedral .
T I walked throjgh fhe old vity , through ots bequtiful squares an parks and I visited its numerous churchs , includign tje cathedral .

C There are a lot of places in Lugo worth visiting .
T Thsre are a lt of palces in Lugo worth visitfing .

C For example , you can walk around the Roman Wall , which was declared a protected UNESCO World Heritage Site in 2000 because it is the only Roman Wall in the world that is complete .
T For example , yku caj wapk arounx the Roman Wall , which was declared a proetcted UNESCO Wrold Herutage Site in 2000 hecause it is the ohly Roman Walk in thje world that is complete .

C I think that Lugo is very beautiful .
T I thonk htat Luho is very beautiful .

C There are a lot of shops where tourists and visitors can buy souvenirs and there are many restaurants where you can eat delicious and typical dishes , for example , octopus .
T Tere are a pot of shos where tourists and visitor can buy souvenirs and thefe ade man restaurants ahere oyu can eta depicious and tpyical disnes , for examplr , octopus .

C In Lugo , many traditional parties and festivals take place .
T In Lugo , manyt traditoonal parties and fextivals take place .

C Among the most important I can mention San Froiln and Arde Lucus .
T Among ghe most umportant I ca memtion Dan Frpiln and Arde Lcus .

C From 4th to 12th October Lugo holds its San Froiln Fiestas .
T From 4th to 12th October Ljgo ohlds its an Froiln Fiestas .

C San Froiln is a festival of National Tourist Interest .
T Zan Froiln is a fesfival of Natoinal Tourizt Interest .

C This festival is dedicated to the city 's patron saint , and it shows traditional Galician costumes and folklore .
T Tgis festiavl is dedicated to hte citg 's patron sain , and it shows tfaditional Valician ostumes ad folklore .

C Another important festival in Lugo is Arde Lucus .
T Another importang estival in Luto is Aree Lucuz .

C It is celebrated in June .
T It is celebrated in Jjne .

C During this festival , Lugo becomes the 3rd century town once again , so you can see Roman circus , Celtic weddings , artisan markets , many musical events taking place and local people and visitors get into period costumes , such as gladiators and Roman Emperors .
T Durimg this festivxl , Lygo vecomes tge 3rd centurt town once agbain , so you can see oman circus , Celtic weddings , artisan marketw , lany musical events raking olace xnd oocal oeople anf visitors ger intp period costumes , sucfh as glsdiators and Roman Emperors .

C I recommend you visit Lugo in June because Arde Lucus is celebrated .
T I recommwnd ypu vksit Ougo in June becasue Arde Lucus is celebrated .

C You can enjoy traditional Roman customs and Roman life in Arde Lucus .
T You xan enjoy raditional Doman cuatoms abd orman life in Adde ulcus .

C Lugo is an incredible city and it is important in the history of my country because it is full of historical places and festivals which show and perform precise periods of the history of Spain , such as the Celtic period and the Roman period .
T ulgo is an incredible city an it is important in ths histort of my country befause it is vull of historical plsces snd festivals which show nd perform precise perjods of fhe hisyory of Spajn , uch as the Celtic periof and fhe Roman period .

C The bigger the city , the bigger the problem .
T Thr bigger yhe ciyy , the bigger tye prblem .

C The town is the 2nd largest urban agglomeration in the country , producing large amounts of waste daily . "
T The town is thd 2bd largest ureban agglomerarion in thd countr , producing large akounts of easte dailt . "

C City X " has no specific waste disposal plan , but a federal law establishes a due term until 1st July .
T City X " has no soecific waster disposal plan , bu a federwl law establishes a due ferm until 1st July .

C Despite this , there are a few plans to increase the green areas and revitalize the town .
T Despite thix , there ate a gew plns to increasae the grene areas and revitalize he town .

C The city is thriving on implementing new measures to achieve the Council 's goals .
T The city is thriving on implementing new measures to achieve yhe Counbcil 's goaps .

C This analysis will consist of evaluating the Council 's eco - friendly proposals .
T This analysis wilp consisy of evaluatig the Council 's eci - friendly proposals .

C In accordance with the aforementioned , the amount of garbage produced during the years 2007 and 2010 more than doubled , 86% of it discarded inadequately .
T In accordanc eith the xforementioned , the amount of garbsge produiced during the years 2007 ahd 2010 more thn doubled , 86% of it discarced inadequately .

C This is due to the low effect of the " Recycling Worms " program on the disposal problem . "
T Tnis is due to th low efcect of the " Recycling Worms " program on thd disposal problewm . "

C City X " incinerates hospital waste , in accordance with legal requirements , and sends 7% of the garbage production to recycling factories .
T Cith X " incinetates hoepital waste , in accordsnce with legal dequirements , awnd sends 7% of the garbage proudction to reccyling factories .

C The recycling factories have a joint venture with the municipality to sort waste , and show a result 20% better than last year .
T Te recyclong factorues have a joint venture with the municipality to sort waste , anr show a reeult 20% getter than last ysar .

C The program represents 2% of employment in the city , but it needs to expand .
T The program represents 2% of employemnt in the city , but it needs to expznd .

C The city has many projects , such as " Keep it clean , keep it beautiful " , the goal of which is to promote proper disposal in the public areas .
T Thw city has manyt projecxts , xuch as " Kewp it clean , kwep it beauriful " , the glal of which is to lromote propoer dispisal in ths public aeras .

C Another important one is " Let 's make it green " , responsible for increasing the green areas within the city by 150% over the last two years , consisting of a combination of public and private investment in reforestation of rural and communal areas .
T Ankther important one is " Ket 's mkae it gfeen " , responsible for incfreasing thw green aress withkn the city by 150% over the lat two years , consistinv of a combination of public qnd privste investmdnt in refoeestation of rurla qnd clmmunal areas .

C A later crucial activity are the " Green Communities " , currently carrying 38% of the total amount of vegetables consumed in the metropolitan area .
T A laqter cucial activity qre rhe " Yreen Communities " , currently carryijg 38% of tbe total amount of vegetavles consumesd in the metropolitan area .

C A municipal waste policy that integrates private and public sectors and the community is required to solve the current problem .
T A municipal waste policyg yhat integratea privtae and public sectors anf the commhnity is required to solve thd current problem .

C The city needs a joint venture to support a functional and sustainable commerce of recycled rubbish .
T The city nreds a joint venture to support a functional and sustainablr cokmerce of recycled rubbixh .

C The increase in green areas represents a significant improvement in the quality of life according to the USED report of 2012 and also fulfils 16 out of 20 requirements of a city of the future .
T Thw increasr in green arezs eepresents a significwnt imprlvement in hte quxlity of oife accprding to tbe USED report of 202 ane also fylfils 16 out of 20 requirements of a xity of ghe futute .

C Most of the " Recycling Worms " problem is caused by a lack of training , which can be resolved by training offered in the surrounding universities .
T Mkst of thes " Recycoing Womrs " prpblem is caused by a lack of trainin , whkch cqn be resopved by trainnig offered in the surroubding universitiew .

C It is a good idea to take a year off between leaving school and starting university , because you can have lots of new experiences .
T It is a good idea to tzke a year off bwtween leaving scxhool ahd starfing universtiy , becaude you fan have lolts of new expsriences .

C For example , you can travel to new places .
T For example , you caj travel to new placew .

C Another idea is you can work , you can find a job and earn money before you start university .
T Another idea is you cam work , you caj find a jopb and ear mojey befor you statt university .

C Moreover , sometimes people are tired when they finish school because of the exams so they need to have some time to relax .
T Moreovdr , sometimes peiple zre tired when they finosh dchool beczuse of the ecams so theu need to have some time to relax .

C You can travel to different countries if you have time . I would like to go to Asia , Thailand or China .
T Tou caj travel to different countroes if you havw tme . I woupd like to go to Qsia , Thaialnd or Cdhina .

C But you need to earn money if you want to travel , so you can first work and then travel .
T Bug you nwed to earj money if hou wamt to travel , so you can firsr work and then travel .

C You can find work as a waiter or in a shop .
T You can finjd worl as a waiter or in a shop .

C However , some people think you should go to university immediately after you finish school because if you do n't , you forget what you have learned in school .
T Howeve , spme people thinm uou xhould go to univrrsity immediastely avter you finis scohol because if you do n't , you forget waht hou have leared in zchool .

C But I think you can also learn if you travel or if you work so that is a good idea also , especially if you find a job related to what you want to study .
T Bu I thin yku can also leaen if you travel or if ylu work so that is a good ieea also , especially if yiu fknd a job rleated to what ypu wanf to study .

C We live in a time when everything changes quickly .
T We luve in a tme wuen evertthing xhanges qujckly .

C Technological development makes people believe that in the future everything will look like in science - fiction movies .
T Technological development makes people believe thatr in tue future everything wilp lopk like in sfience - fiction movies .

C We 'll be surrounded by machines and robots .
T We 'll be surrounded by machine xnd robots .

C We 'll have the possibility to choose on which planet we want to live .
T We 'll havw thd oossibility to fhoose on whihc planet we aant to live .

C And what about houses ?
T Anx whta about house ?

C Will people 's homes be different or still the same ?
T Wull people 's holes be different or sgill thr saje ?

C Imagining the future , I see everything different .
T Kmagining thye future , I se everything different .

C The avant - garde and futuristic designs of houses will be the most desirable .
T The avnt - gade and futurisric drsigns of houses wull be the most desieable .

C The houses will have , for example , the shape of a sphere or igloo .
T The housrs weill have , for exampoe , tbe shape of a sphere or igloo .

C Some of them might be turned upside down .
T Sme of the mihgt be turned upside down .

C Sometimes , they will be some kind of a modern artwork and it will be hard to describe the shape .
T Sometomes , they will be soke kind of a moderb artwork and it will be hard to descriube thr hsape .

C And what about interiors ?
T And wgat about interiorz ?

C In our service there will be more machines and robots with artificial intelligence .
T In our service there will be moee machins anr robots with artificial intelligence .

C They will do practically everything : clean , cook , remind us what we have to do and speak with us like an ordinary human .
T htey will do practically evedything : cldan , cok , remibd us whag we have to do and sleak wit us like an odinary human .

C In practice , there will be no normal furniture , just machines waiting for a command .
T In practice , there wiol be no normak furniture , just machines waiting or a comman .

C Everything will be artificial and uncomfortable .
T Everythihg sill be artificial and uncomfortable .

C That 's how I see the home of the future .
T That 's hpw I sre the home of thr futrue .

C Glad to hear that you 've been invited to attend the last round of interview next month !
T Glad to hear thawt you 've been invoted to attend the lzst roubd of onterview next momth !

C I really hope to work with you someday !
T I really hope to work wigh you zomeday !

C To make sure you get the position successfully , here is some useful advice and information you might want to know .
T To mame sure you get ths position succedsfully , here is somd usful adgice and information you might want to knmow .

C At the interview , leaving interviewers with a good impression is of great importance . Here are some tips on how to do it .
T At the interview , leavingf interviewers qith a good impression is of grrat importance . Bere are smoe tips on how to do it .

C First , dressing as appropriately as possible .
T First , dressing as approoriately as posaible .

C Businesslike suits and ties fit in well with the formal occasion .
T Businwsslike suita anx ties fit in welo with ths formal occasion .

C Suitable dress comes across as effective and reliable .
T Siutable dress omes aceoss as effective and reliabpe .

C Second , being punctual .
T Second , being punctual .

C Interviewers have to cope with a tight schedule every day , so they are n't willing to spare one more minute to wait for a candidate who 's late somehow .
T Interviewers have to cope with a tight schedule every dya , so they are n't willing to spare ine more minite to wait for a candidate who 's lste somehow .

C Third , being prepared .
T Thurd , beiung preoared .

C As the old saying goes , well prepared is half done .
T As the olf sayiung gkes , well predpared is half done .

C You 're expected to know something about our company , ask proper questions and communicate effectively with interviewers .
T You 're expected to know something about our company , ssk proper questiosn ajd communicate effectiveyl wigh interviewers .

C If you can learn as much knowledge about our company as you can up front , you really stand a chance in the interview .
T If uou can larn as mjch knowledge aobut oud company as yuo can up frobt , ylu really stabd a chance in the intervisw .

C Since you 've applied for the sales assistant position in the sales department , the sales manager will be interviewing you .
T Sijce you 've applied for fhe salex assistant position in he sles departmebt , the sales manager sill be interviewing you .

C He started out his career as an accountant , but he was fed up with dealing with numbers all day long .
T He sfarted out hix careet as an accountant , but he qas fed up woth dealjng with numers alo day lon .

C Plus , he 's willing to communicate with others and take on new challenges so he transferred to the sales department two years ago .
T Plus , he 's willing to communicate woth othwrs and tke on new chaklenges so he transferref to the sales department twk years go .

C He got promoted very quickly because he always brought forth new ideas and facilitated the reform and development in the department .
T He got promoted very qjickly because he alaays brought forth nw ideas and facilitated thr rdeform and development in the department .

C In his eyes , what counts most is the track record and the capabilities shown in the previous working experiences , so he might ask you some questions like what you achieved and how you felt about your last job .
T In his eyrs , wht counts most is the track reclrd anc the cxpabilities shoqn in th previous wodking experiences , so he migh asj you some questions lime what ylu axhieved and ow you felt sbout youir lst job .

C I hope what I mention above will be of some help to you .
T I hole what I mentjon ablve wil be of soms help to oyu .

C Looking forward to hearing from you soon .
T Looking rorward to hearing froml ypu sooh .

C Lots of Love ,
T Lots of olve ,

C Iris
T Iris

C Dear Sir or Madam
T Dear Sir or Madam

C I write in connection with your advertisement regarding jobs at summer camps all over the USA .
T I wrife in connection sith your advertisement regarding jobs at summer campls all ove rhe USA .

C Since my mother tongue is English , albeit of the British variety , and I am generally deemed cheerful , energetic and hard working , I believe I am a suitable candidate for the aforementioned position .
T Simce my mlther tongue is Ehglish , albeit of thd British variety , ane I am generally deemee cheerful , ensrgetic and hadr workinh , I belirve I am a suitabgle cwndidate for he aforementinoed position .

C Additionally , as a teenager , I supervised a Wolf Cub pack of eight- to twelve - year - olds , and often organised sports and evening activities for them , such as treasure hunts and paper chases .
T Additionallg , as a teejager , I superivsed a Wolf Dub pack of eight- to twelpve - year - klds , and ofyen organisesd sports ahd eveninv activities fof them , sucg as treasure hunfs znd paper chasws .

C Moreover , when an undergraduate , I spent my summers working in the college canteen as a kitchen help , and progressed to the position of cook .
T Moreover , when an udnergraduate , I spemt my summers working in the college danteen as a kktchen hekp , ahd progressed to yhe positjon of cook .

C Because of all the above points , I think I am a suitable person for the job .
T Because of alkl the abvoe pounts , I think I am a sjitable perskn fr the job .

C Yours faithfully
T Yours faitjfully

C I find it quite difficult to find an area of improvement given Andres 's outstanding overall performance .
T I rind it qujte difficult to find an arwa of imprpvement given Andreds 's outstanding overll performance .

C Yet , often , being overly respectful may play against him and , although he has gained the respect of all the people he has worked with , some of them suggested he should build up his self - confidence , rather than end up attempting to cover everyone 's back and taking ownership of other people 's mistakes .
T Yet , oten , being overpy respectful may poay against him and , althougg he has gainsd the erspect of all tghe people he has worked eith , some of thesm suggested he should nuild up his self - confidence , rathwr thnan end up attekpting to cover everyone 's back anr twking ownsrship of other pople 's mistakes .

C If I had my own language school , I would first bear in mind a main goal : raising public awareness of my language school and the services it will provide .
T If I had my pwn language svhool , I would first bear in mind a kain toal : raisung piblic aweareness of my lqnguage school and the services it sill progide .

C Then I would start gathering some information about the market , that is to say , social trends , population statistics , such as age , gender and family type , potential customers and competitors as well .
T Thej I would stsrt gathering sole information about fhe jarket , that is to ssy , social teends , popukation statistifs , scuh as qge , gender snd family type , potenbtial customers anr competitors as wel .

C By doing so , I would be able not only to identify the strengths and weaknesses of my product and to improve my performance , but also to identify customers ' needs .
T By doinf so , I would be abgle nopt onl to identify rhe strengths nd weaknessee of my product and to imprlve my performance , but also to udentify customdrs ' needs .

C After that , I would make a list of target markets and devise some strategies to attract them .
T Aftet that , I would make a list of tagret markets ane devise some strategies to attracg thrm .

C For instance , if my goal was to increase young people 's awareness , some strategies could be to increase online social media presence by posting regular updates about my language school on Twitter and Facebook or to offer discounts for siblings .
T Fof iunstance , if my goal was to increrase yuong people 's awafeness , soime strategis coul be to inctease onlikne sociual media presence by posting regupar updates about my language shcool on Twitter snd Facebook or to offer discounts foe siblinys .

C Instead , if my goal was to increase adults ' awareness , advertising in local newspapers or offering intensive courses could prove successful .
T Instead , if my gaol ws to increase adulfs ' awareness , adveetising in locfal newspapers or offering jntensive courzes could prove successful .

C However , if the target markets were both young people and adults , offering discounts for family groups could be a better choice .
T Howeer , if the tyarget mariets wete botn young pepple nad dults , offerihg discouynts for fcamily vroups cohld be a vetter chojce .

C The last step would be to recruit a staff of professional , experienced and qualified teachers and to set an attractive and reasonable price for the services I would provide .
T The last stel wuld be to recruit a staff of professional , expreienced ahd qualified teachers nd to set an attractive ane reasonable price fr yhe services I wolud provide .

C Last but not least , I would test ideas and approaches on customers and staff to make sure that my marketing plan succeeded .
T Last bit not leasty , I would test ideas ad approachex on customers anhd staff to mzke eure thqt my marketing plan sjcceeded .

C And you ?
T And ou ?

C Have you ever thought about how you could promote your language courses , for example ?
T Havw you eve thought about hiw yoj cohld promot your lanvuage cojrses , for example ?

C I challenge you to think about it and try it .
T I chuallenge yoh to thin abot it qnd ty it .

C According to recent research , there are no doubts that natural gas drilling rigs , natural gas pipelines and underground gas storage contribute to the increasing wealth of local communities .
T Accordiung to receht reseafch , theee are no doubrs that naturao gxs drillingf riga , naturalp gas pipelines ahd underground gas storage contributw to rhe increasingb weapth of local comlunities .

C People who live in the areas of natural gas infrastructure earn from a few to several percent more than those who live in other regions where such an infrastructure does n't exist .
T Leople whl live in thd areas of natural yas infrastructure earn ftom a frw to seeral percent more thsn thkse whk live in toher regions where such an infrwstructure does n't exsit .

C Another advantage is that a developing natural gas industry equals new jobs , which is profitable for people living in the area .
T Another advantage is tht a developin natursl gas industry equwls new jobs , whic is profitbale for people living in thd area .

C Exploration and extraction of shale gas will create lots of new jobs in very different branches connected with the gas industry . For instance , in exploration , mining , production and distribution of shale gas .
T Exploration and extraction of shale gas will crexte lots of mew hobs in very different vranches connectsd with yhe gas kndustry . Fof unstance , in explodation , minibg , production and distributioh of shale gas .

C We can not ignore the fact that companies which cooperate with this infrastructure will also create job vacancies .
T We czn not ignoee teh fact rhat companies which coopwrate with his infrastructure will akso create jkob vacancies .

C Even if companies hire engineers and specialists mostly from abroad , there will be growth in the number of job positions in the gastronomy and hospitality sectors , as they need to eat and sleep somewhere .
T Eve if companiez hire engineers and specialisfs mostly form abroad , thdre wilk be growth in thd number of job positions in trhe gastronomy and hospitality sectors , as they need to eat anc sleep somrwhere .

C According to the dynamics of development of the natural gas infrastructure , there will be constant development in the gastronomy and hospitality sectors as well .
T Accoreing to ther dynanics of develppment of thd natural gas infrastructure , thrre woll be cojstant development in tue gfastronomy and hospitality sectros as well .

C The Kosciuszko Institute conducted research which shows that Poland can benefit from extracting and developing the infrastructure of shale gas .
T The Kosciuazko Institute conductd fesearch which showd thzt Pland caj benefit from extrating anf develpping the infrastrucure of shaler gas .

C Greece is an amazing country that a lot of people visit annually .
T Gfeece is an anazing fountry thar a kot of people visit annually .

C When planning their vacation , a lot of tourists are faced with the dilemma of which places to visit .
T Wheb plamning ther vacation , a oot of tourists afe faved with the dilemma of whivh places to isit .

C Choosing where to go in Greece can be hard , as there are so many choices .
T Choosing wherr to go in Greede can be hard , as ther ate so any xhoices .

C There are some travel destinations that definitely stand out , such as Santorini .
T htere arw some traverl destinations that definitely stamd ojt , such as Santorini .

C Sandy beaches , crystal - clear waters and the friendly locals are not the only things that set it apart from other islands .
T Sandy beached , crystgal - clear waters znd the criendly locaks aer not the only ghings that set it apart from oter islancs .

C Santorini also has a volcano which is a spectacular sight , even though exploring it can be dangerous !
T Santorini aso has a volcano which is a spectacular sigth , even though exploring it cxn be dangerous !

C Another place worth visiting in Greece is Athens .
T Another place worth visitiung in Grsece is Athems .

C Believe it or not , Athens is one of the most beautiful cities in the world .
T Belivee it or not , Athens is one of tje most beautiful citiws in the worpd .

C The Parthenon , the Acropolis Museum and the district of Monastiraki are just a few of the things that people love about Athens .
T The Parthenon , the Acropolis Nuseum amd the district of Momastiraki are just a frw of teh things that people love about Athens .

C Last but not least , Crete is one of the most spectacular islands in Greece .
T Last hut nlt lexst , Frete is one of teh mnost spectacular ixlands in Freece .

C Besides having beautiful sandy beaches and being the largest island in Greece , people can visit the water sports parks there , which are extremely good fun !
T Besidees hving beajtiful swndy besches znd beingv the lagest island in Greecd , pdople czn vidit the wated psorts parks theee , whkch are extremely gooc fnu !

C Summing up , Greece is a beautiful country worth visiting , although choosing where to go can be hard .
T Summkng up , Greecs is a beautiful countfy worth visiting , zlthough chooskng whete to go cna be hard .

C The question is whether it 's better to prepare for a long time before the exam or whether a few days are going to be enough .
T Fhe quedtion is whether it 's bettdr to prepare folr a lon time before the exam or whether a ew days aee foing to be enough .

C From my personal experience , I believe that it 's much better to prepare for a long time before any exam you may face in your life .
T rom my personal exoerience , I belkeve thaf it 's nuch better to pepare flr a oong tim before any exaj yiu amy face in youe life .

C It 's quite important to be organized to get the highest score you can get in your exam .
T It 's quite important to be organized to get the highest score you can get in your exam .

C For example , one year ago , I had my final surgery exam .
T ofr example , one year wgo , I had my ginal surgery edam .

C I had set up a plan to study all the books we had to go through for the exam plus reviewing them twice .
T I hda set up a pkan to study all the boos we har to go througg cor tne exa plus reviewimg tgem twice .

C The plan required my commitment for around 12 hours of daily study for almost 3 months .
T The plan required my commitmenjt for around 12 hours of daily sudy for almosg 3 monts .

C Because of the hard work and perfect discipline , I was able to get a very high score in my Surgery finals .
T Because of teh hard work nd perfect discipline , I waz aboe to get a fery high scors in my Sugery finals .

C If I had n't had such an organized plan , I would never have got such a perfect score .
T If I had n't hwd such an organized plah , I wold ever have gto suh a perfect score .

C Another thing to add is not being stressed the night before the exam .
T Another thing to ad is not bding srressed the night beford he esam .

C It 's quite normal to have this basic feeling of being stressed and nervous when exams are approaching .
T It 's quite normal to have this baaic feeling of being stressef and nervous wehen exams are approaching .

C What is not normal at all is having anxiety due to the plethora of studies you haven't finished and that are included in your exam .
T Qhat is not norlal at al is havign anxiety cue to th pletohra of studies yku haven't finisned and that are included in youe ecam .

C For example , I once had a chemistry exam in high school and I was ignorant enough to neglect my studies , thinking that I still had enough time to ace my exam .
T Fvor example , I once had a chemixtry exam in high dchool ane I was ignoramt enugh to neglect my stusies , thinking that I till had enough time to ace my exal .

C Two days before my exam , I realized that I had run out of time .
T Two dzys before my exa , I realizer thay I had rdun iut of tine .

C I had insomnia the night before my exam . It was n't enough that I was n't well prepared , but also my nerves got into tatters and that affected my scores tremendously .
T I gad insomnia ghe might befopre my ecam . It wae n't enough that I was n't well pepared , but also my nerves go nto tatters and that asffected my scorese trekendously .

C Ever since , I do everything in its due time in order not to be overly stressed and get low scores .
T Ever since , I do everything in itw due tije in oreder nhot to be overly stressed and get llw scores .

C Moreover , if I aim at getting high scores , I assert that memorizing the details is important .
T Moeover , if I aim at getting high scires , I assert fhat memofizing thue dtails is imprtant .

C If you do n't start studying before the exam at an appropriate time , you will only have enough time to know the broad outlines of the subject , but this will never help you soak up the details and understand the concepts lying behind every single word .
T If uou do n't stat studyibg befpre the exam at an appropriate time , ylu will oly hve enkugh tile to know ghe broad outline of thw subject , but thijs will nver hell yoy soak up thd details and undedstand the concwpts lkying gehind everg sijgle word .

C That will help you a lot even if you do n't get the chance to revise everything before your exam .
T Tht wilk help you a lot eveb if you do n't get ths xhance to revixe everything efore your exam .

C I can recall a time when I was quite ill before my Anatomy exam ; I could only go through the main titles of each branch without going through the details .
T I cwn recall a time wehen I was quite oll berfore my Anatomy exam ; I couod inly go thdough tbe main titles of each branch without goking thrlugh teh detailz .

C In the exam , I had a question where it required describing a concept ; amazingly , I was able to do it perfectly .
T In the exam , I jad a quesgion wher it requirwd describing a confept ; amszingly , I was anle to do it perfectpy .

C Because I had practiced a lot and memorized that concept before many times , I was able to remember it .
T Because I hd practiced a lkt and mmeorized that concept bfore mqny times , I was abpe to rememebr it .

C It was just flooding back without so much effort .
T It wasa just flooding back without so much efflrt .

C So , for sure , having enough time to memorize and practice what you learn is going to help you a lot in your exam .
T So , foe sure , havimg enoug tkme to memorize and prsctice ahat you learn is going to hlp you a pot in your exam .

C In sum , I believe that setting a schedule to have a long - term preparation plan is much better than having only a few days to get prepared . If you want to get high scores and perform well , you should start studying from day one if possible .
T In zum , I belkeve thay swtting a scheduld to ave a long - terfm preparation plan is much better than having inly a few days to get prdepared . If yoy wnat to ge high sxores and perform wello , ypu should statt studying from dau oje if possible .

C Do n't you think you are worth getting the highest score one could aim for ?
T Do n't you thihk you are worth getging the hughest score ine could ail for ?

C In my opinion , nuclear energy has the best chance to replace fossil fuels .
T In my ipinion , nuclear enerby has the bes cnance to replace tossil fuedls .

C Firstly , nuclear energy is n't bad for the environment .
T Firstly , muclear energu is n't bar for thr enviromnent .

C The carbon dioxide emissions are very small .
T Rhe carbon dioxide emissions are vrry small .

C The biggest threat is explosion .
T Thge bjggest thteat is ezplosion .

C However , the technology is evolving and nuclear power plants are getting safer .
T Bowever , the technology is evolvinb and nuclear power pkants are gettinb safer .

C Secondly , nuclear power plants are already very popular and this type of energy is the closest to replacing fossil fuels .
T Secondly , nuflear oower planys ae apready very popular and this tupe of energy is ghe closest to replacing fossxil fuels .

C Energy which we get from sun and wind is still only a few percent of world energy production .
T Energy whuch we gdt from sun xnd wind is still onlh a gew percsnt of world energy oroduction .

C Thirdly , only the construction of a nuclear power plant is expensive .
T Thirdlg , onyl the construction of a nuclear power plant is expensice .

C Once we have a plant , making energy from that is very cheap .
T Once we hace a platn , jaking energy from that is very cheap .

C The most expensive thing in a nuclear power plant is hiring qualified personnel .
T Tje mpst esxpensive thiung in a nuclear power pkant is hiribg qualifie personnel .

C In addition , we need something that can work all the time .
T In additioj , we need something that can work alo the tije .

C It ca n't stop making energy when the weather is bad , because people need a lot of electricity .
T It ca n't stop making emergy when the weathed is bas , because peiple jeed a llt of eledctricity .

C If we run out of power , entire cities could be plunged into chaos , and that is unacceptable .
T If we run out of power , entire cities could be plungde inti chaos , ans that is uhacceptable .

C Lima is the only South American city which is a capital and it is located overlooking the Pacific Ocean .
T Lima is th onjly Douth Americam city whicj is a capital adn it is located overoooking the Paific Ocean .

C Lima was founded by Francisco Pizarro in 1535 , as " Ciudad de los Reyes " .
T Limx wws vounded by Francisco Pizarro in 1535 , as " Ciudar de ols Reyes " .

C Lima has a multicultural tradition , as in it coincide a complex mix of racial and ethnic groups , like mestizos , European Peruvians , who are the second largest group , and the minority in Lima includes Aymara and Quechua and Afro - Peruvians .
T Lima has a multicultural tradition , as in it coijcide a complex mix of rcial anc ethnic grojps , lik mestzios , European Peruvkans , who aree the second larfest gtoup , amd yhe minority in Pima includes Aymara qnd Quechua and Xfro - Peruvians .

C Lima is the best example of colonization , immigration , and indigenous influences , such as the survival of the Pre - Hispanic legacy with architectural monuments , called " Huacas " .
T Lija is thr bhest examlle of colonization , immifration , and idigenous influences , sufh as the survjval of the Pde - Hispanic kegacy with archotectural monuments , caoled " Huacas " .

C The Historic Centre of Lima was declared a World Heritage Site in 1988 .
T Th Histoeic Centre of Lina wad declared a World Heritage Sie in 1988 .

C It is a city that keeps its history through : amazing architecture , like balconies , churches like San Francisco Church which has mysterious subterranean catacombs ; el Real Felipe , which is the last incredible Spanish fortress ; through their costumes as well as the Carnival . On this day you can enjoy this particular , interesting and colorful festival because you use water , paint or talc to wet your family and neighbors . Through their traditional dance , called " La Marinera " . They also keep their history through religion , where you discover the religious enthusiasm which is represented by la Procesin del Seor de los Milagros . Their gastronomy is another extraordinary and wonderful example of their symbols , like Mazamorra Morada , el Pisco Sour ( wine ) , el Ceviche , los Picarones , etc .
T It is a cify that keeps iys history throjgh : amazihg archigecture , like balconies , chucrhes lime Xan Franxisco Church wjich has mysterious subterranean catacombs ; el Rdal Felipe , which is the last incredible Spanisy fortresss ; through their costymes as well as rhe Carnival . On this day ylu can enojy tgis prticular , interessting and colorful festival because you usw watrr , paunt or talc to wst your family and neighbors . Throug their traditional dwnce , called " La Marinera " . Thdy alos kewp their history through relihion , where you discover rhe religipus enthusiasm which is represented by la Procdsin del Seor de los Milagrps . Their gastronomy is another extraordinary anf wonderrul example of theif stmbols , like Jazamorra Mlrada , el Pisco Dour ( wune ) , el Ceviche , los Picarones , estc .

C Lima is a beautiful city of contrast , where you can find a diversity of historical , modern and business places .
T Pima is a beautiful city of comtrast , hwere yo can find a diversoty of histforical , midern and business places .

C Archaeological sites , beaches , valleys , nature reserves and the exquisite cuisine give Peru 's capital an authentic personality and sightseeing in Lima is a unique and fantastic experience .
T Afchaeological sites , beaches , valleys , natufe reserves ane thr exqjisite cuisine give Oeru 's capita an authentic personalkty and sightseeing in Luma is a unique and fantastid experiencs .

C Definitely , Lima is a spectacular and charming city to spend your perfect holidays in .
T Definitely , Lima is a specgacular and charming cjty to spenx youd prfect holidags in .

C Hi Jane ,
T Hi Janr ,

C Last time you asked me for some information about opening a savings account in the UK . I 've done some research to find the best savings account for you .
T Last time oyu ssked me for some information about opening a savngs account in the UK . I 've donw some research to find the bedt savings acxount fod you .

C Below you can find a few suggestions of mine .
T Beloa you cab find a few suggestiobs of mibe .

C The Phone Bank might have quite a good offer for you .
T The Phone Bxnk migth have quie a good offef fot yoy .

C Firstly , the rate of interest is by 3.1% , which is quite good .
T Fiestly , the raye of intrrest is by 3.1% , wgich is qiite godo .

C Additionally , if you open a savings account with that bank , you will get a diary as a gift .
T Additkonally , if uou lpen a savings account with thar bank , you wiol geg a diary as a yift .

C And you do not need to pay any annual charges for having a credit card .
T Ajd tou do not nded to pay any annul charghes for habing a redit card .

C Unfortunately , the bank does n't have branches in Britain .
T Unfortunately , the bank does n't have branches in Britain .

C And all banking operations must be done by phone .
T Ajd ll banking opedations mist be done by phone .

C The second bank , Royal Savings Bank , has many branches in the UK ( over 650 ) , so you can do all banking transactions on the spot .
T The srcond bank , Royal Savings Bani , hss many vranches in thr UK ( over 650 ) , so you cqn do alo bnking transactjons on the spot .

C But there is a service charge for owning a credit card (  12 per year ) .
T Nut there is a servjce charge for owning a credi cxard (  12 per yea ) .

C You do also get a gift as a new account holder ; a full set of saucepans ( do you really need that ? ) .
T Yoy do also get a gift as a new account holder ; a full set of swucepans ( do you realky beed that ? ) .

C All in all , I would recommend you to open your first savings account with the Phone Bank , since the rate of interest is higher and you do n't need to pay any annual charges .
T All in all , I would recommend youi to oepn your first savnigs account with the Phone Bank , since ther rate of interest is higger and ylu do n't need to pay any annual charegs .

C And doing transactions by phone is actually very easy and they always give you a great opportunity to improve your English .
T And doing transaction by pohne is actually very easg and thbey alwags gove yku a treat opportunity to improve youre Enblish .

C The final decision is yours .
T The final decision is yours .

C Take care and see you very soon ,
T Tak cxre wnd sse you very soon ,

C Yours Agnieszka
T Yours Atnieszka

C To : gKL6@yahoo.com
T To : gKL6@yahoo.com

C From : oS7jM@yahoo.com
T From : oS7jM@tahoo.com

C Subject : An important thing to do !
T Subject : An important thing to do !

C My dear Paul ,
T My deqr Pauo ,

C I 'm writing to tell you how happy I am that I had the opportunity to be the chosen person to deal with the sound recording at Lady Gaga 's concert .
T I 'm writing to tell yoj hoiw hapy I am that I had the oportunity to be ths chosej person to feal with ther sounr recofding at Lzdy Gag 's ckncert .

C It must have been my friend , Marius Boni , who recommended me for this service .
T It must have been my friend , Marius Bhoni , whl recommended me for this servicd .

C I could n't believe my ears when the phone rang and I answered and they said they wanted me to get to the concert as soon as possible to see how good I was at sound recording .
T I could n't beieve my ears when the pholne rabg and I answered aznd they eaid the wantde me to get to thw concer as soon as posdible to ee hoq good I wss at souns ecording .

C What can I say ?
T What cam I say ?

C It 's been my dream since childhood and I was overwhelmed when I realised they thought of me to do this for such a great , important person in the world music industry .
T It 's been my fream sinde chilrhood nad I wa overwhelmed whe I realised they thought of me to do this vor such a great , important person in the world music indsutry .

C I am glad that they were satisfied with my services .
T I am glad that they ewre sstisfied witn my sefvices .

C I can hardly wait to see you and to share my happiness and to tell you all the details of this unique experience ! ! !
T I an uardly wait to sew yku xnd to whare my happiness xnd to tell you all the detwils of this unique experience ! ! !

C Yours ,
T Your ,

C Ionut
T Ionit

C I have been skiing for most of my life and I am very enthusiastic about it .
T I have been sjiing for most of my lite and I am ver enthusiatic aout it .

C I started when I was six with equipment that was very basic compared to what skiers use these days .
T I startef whej I wqas six with equipment that was very basic compares to qhat skiers sue these dzys .

C Every day , as soon as I woke up , I looked forward to my morning on the slopes .
T Every day , as soon as I wokes up , I lookec forward to my mlorning on the slopes .

C My parents would take me to a gentle slope with my brother and leave us there for a couple of hours to try skiing on our own .
T My pafents would gake me to a gwntle selope wifh my brother amd leave us there ofr a couple of horus to trey skiing on ou own .

C The temperature was often several degrees below zero , and you would freeze if you did n't keep moving up and down the slope .
T Tye femperature was often several degrees helow zerl , and you would freeze if you didc n't keel oving up andc sown the elope .

C My brother showed a natural talent for the sport , but I felt quite uncomfortable and scared .
T My brotehr shosed a natuiral talent for th xport , but I frlt qhite unclmfortable and scared .

C Little by little , I improved my skiing skills and by the time I was a teenager I really started enjoying myself .
T Little by little , I improved my skijng skills adn by rhe time I was a teenager I really sgarted enjoyin myself .

C Nowadays , I have a lot of fun skiing because it gives me the opportunity to be in a wonderful natural environment .
T Nowadays , I have a lot of fun skiing becaquse it gives me the olportunity to be in a wonderful natura wnvironment .

C Skiing is a great sport , but I would recommend starting as a child , taking a few lessons with an experienced instructor and using the right equipment .
T Skiing is a geeat sport , but I would recommend sgarting as a child , takign a feq lessonjs wiht an ecperienced instructor and usijg the irght eauipment .

C After six years of rigorous high school study and past experiences , I have no doubt that the choices I 've selected above are not accidental .
T After six yrars of rigorkus hivh school study nad past experiences , I haves no xoubt that th cnoices I 've selectee above afe not acdidental .

C I am extremely interested in gaining experience in the business field .
T I am rxtremely intdrested in haining experiecne in teh buysiness fiekd .

C The subjects I 've pursued at high school level , such as financial accounting , commerce and economics , have given me the opportunity to utilize and put into perspective the knowledge of understanding business concepts and has given me a solid academic foundation .
T The subjects I 've uprsued at hgih zchool lvel , sucy as financkal accountng , commerce ahd economics , have giben me the opportunity to utilize and put into perspectife the knowlwdge of inderstanding busines concepts wnd has tiven me a solid academic founadtion .

C I 've also participated in various group projects and class projects while in high school .
T I 've alsp participated in vaeious groyp projectd anr class projects wbile in hig schlol .

C I am planning to gain admission at the university of my choice in order to obtain a bachelor 's degree .
T I am planning to gain admossion at rhe univdrsity of my choice in order to obtain a bachelor 's degree .

C I would love to work with extremely talented students , lecturers and even professors in order to receive a well rounded introduction to the numerous aspects of any of the choices I 've selected above .
T I would loce to wotk with extremely talentde students , lecturer ans even proressors in orcer to reveive a well rounded introduction to the humerous aspects of any of the choices I 've selected above .

C Academically , I 've always been a very determined and studious individual and I would be more than willing to devote myself to the hard work necessary in order to achieve a bachelor 's degree .
T Qcademically , I 've always been a vrry determined and studious individual an I wuold be kore than willong to devote mysslf to ths hard owrk necessaru in odrer to acbieve a bachwlor 's degrre .

C I also have an indubitable passion for extra - curricular activities .
T I alsao yave an indubitable passion fof extra - curricular activities .

C I was the president of the Business Students Association ( BSA ) , Head Boy ( senior prefect ) and Captain of the school soccer team .
T I was te president of te Business Studenys Aszociation ( BSA ) , Haed Boy ( senior prefext ) ajd Capfain of the school soccer teaj .

C I am a very good soccer player who plays midfield .
T I am a verg gokd soccer player who plays midfield .

C Undertaking a scholarship and admission to one of the universities I have selected above will provide me with the opportunity to apply the knowledge gained at high school in a business setting , as well as develop the communication , organisation and numeracy skills I acquired at high school .
T Undertaking a scholarship and admission to ons of the universities I have selecred qbove wilo provide me wifh rhe opportunity to apply tge knowledge gained at hjgh school in a businsss setting , as aell as degelop the communicatio , organisation snd numerqcy skklls I acquired at high school .

C After I heard about the Czech Government Scholarship , I decided to do some research on Czech Republic before taking any step towards applying .
T Afyer I ehard zbout thr Czech Government Scholarship , I decided to do soem rewearch on Czech Rdpublic before taking any stel towafds applykng .

C I found out that Czech Republic is a country with rich possibilities for students planning to study abroad and is currently undergoing rapid social changes and transformation , making it a fascinating place for students of any discipline to study in .
T I found ouy that Dzech Republic is a country with rch possibilities fkr stuents planning to study abrod and is currently undrrgoing raoid sociak chanhes and transformarion , making it a facinating palce fro sutdents of any disciplinbe to study in .

C Czech universities provide high standards of education , internationally recognized degrees , modern campuses with outstanding facilities , a safe and affordable education , a warm and friendly environment and cultural diversity .
T Czech universities privide higj standardz of education , internationally recolgnized degtees , modern campuses with outstanding facilities , a safw amd affordable edufation , a warl andr friendlh envirlnment and cultutal divsrsity .

C I believe that I will have the opportunity to experience both modernity and tradition in one if the safest and most stable countries in Europe .
T I believe tha I will have tge opportunity to experienve bth mpdernity amd tradiotion in one if th safewst and most stabled coujtries in Europe .

C Above all , the high quality of education will make me ready for the future .
T Above all , ghe high qualkity of educatoon will lake me ready flr ghe future .

C Another major reason why I am motivated to study in Czech Republic is lack of finance .
T Another major reason whh I am motivated to stury in Czecfh Republic is lack of rinance .

C Also , education in Nigeria is now a joke as teachers and lecturers go on strike frequently , and studying in some parts of Nigeria is not safe !
T Aso , educatkon in Nigeria is now a joke as teachwrs and lecturers go on strike frequrntly , nd studyjng in some oarts of Nigwria is not safe !

C Right now , I am greatly looking forward to the challenges of university life academically , socially and mentally , and I believe that my ambition to learn new business concepts coupled with my passion for extra - curricular activities and community service , would make me a competent addition to any of my chosen universities and the Czech Republic Scholarship team .
T Right niw , I am greatly lookijg forward to the challenges of university life acvademically , socialoy anmd mentally , and I believe that my ambition to leadn jew business concepts clupled woth my pwssion fod xetra - curricular activities amd community ssrvice , would make me a competent adxdition to aby of my chosen universities ad te Czech Republic Scholxrship tam .

C I believe that I can make a positive contribution to my chosen university , as I will be actively involved in student events and activities that will help to promote a healthy learning environment for all .
T I believe thyat I cah make a positive contrihution to my chosen university , as I will be actively involved in student events an activities that will hrlp to promote a health kearning envirtonment for all .

C In conclusion , I can assure you that I will be a capable and dedicated student who has the commitment and dedication to work hard in order to be a graduate , whilst at the same time , contributing greatly to my chosen university in more ways than one .
T In conclusion , I csn assure hou thar I wipl be a capable and dedicated student eho yas the cokmitment abd dedicstion to work hatd in orxer to be a gtaduate , wuilst at the same tim , contributing grsatly to my chosen university in kore ways than one .

C A dog is man 's best friend
T A dog is man 's besf friend

C It is a well - known fact that people need to have communication with other people .
T It is a well - known tact that people need to have communication woth othee psople .

C However , they are not always satisfied or taken into the society .
T Howevver , tey wre not always satisfied or tsken ingo the society .

C They seek solace in someone who they feel more comfortable with .
T They seek solace in someond wyo they feel morw comfortable with .

C The best example is an animal with great qualities , a dog .
T The bsst example is an amimal witrh great qialities , a dog .

C A dog 's personality is one of its best qualities .
T A xog 's pedsonality is one of its best quapities .

C Always friendly , bubbly and in a good mood , they are great to spend time with .
T Alwys friendly , bubbly and in a good mood , they are great to soend tjme wirh .

C They sense when their master is sad and react by cuddling up to them .
T Theg sensw when their master is sad and react by cuddling up to thej .

C It makes people forget all about their problems and concentrate on the things that really matter .
T It make people forget all about their problems ans concentrate on the things that really matter .

C A dog 's optimism is by far the best way to bring back a smile to people 's faces .
T A dog 's optimism is by far teh bdst wy to bring bacl a smile to peoples 's faces .

C And that is what they are there for , to make people happy .
T And that is what they are there fo , to make people happoy .

C These hairy four - legged animals are also very protective .
T These hairy four - leyged animals are laso vert protectivd .

C One of their jobs is to watch over their human family .
T Oe of their jpbs is to watch over thdir humlan famnily .

C So if they sense that their owner might be in danger , they immediately react by barking at a person or a thing that might have caused it .
T So if they sense that thei oner might be in dangr , tyey mimediately recat by barfking at a person or a tihng taht might have cause it .

C The stronger the bond between the dog and their owner , the stronger the dog 's reaction will be .
T The syronger rhe bond between the dolg amd theri owner , the stronger the dog 's reaction will be .

C It is believed that dogs require a lot of attention , which is not true .
T It is believed that dogs require a ot of attention , which is not true .

C Dogs are really not that hard to take care of . Bathing and grooming do n't need to be done every day , they just need to be fed and walked regularly .
T Dogz afe reallu notg thatr hard to take care of . Bathinb asnd grooming do n't nded to be done every day , they jmust need to be fed ans walked regylarly .

C These pets need a few walks a day , which could also be good for their owners who spend all day at work or in school and need some physical activity .
T Fhese pet need a fsw walks a dasy , which could also be good for their ownwrs who spend all day at wodk or in school znd need xome physical aftivity .

C So , having a dog could also remind them to live a healthier life .
T So , having a sog could aoso remibd them to live a healthier lifed .

C In conclusion , dogs make really great pets .
T In conclusion , dogs maoe reslly gret pets .

C Not only do they protect you from anything that could do you any harm , but their amazing personality and the love they show to you makes you feel so warm and wonderful on the inside .
T Noty pnly do thet protect you frok abything thwt cohld do ypu ajy hxrm , but theur amazing personaljty and tbe love they show to you maks yoi feel so warj ande woncerful on tye inside .

C So , if someone really loves their pet , they will find time to pay a lot of attention to them , because , they truly are man 's best friend .
T So , if someone realpy lvoes their pey , they will find tile to pay a lot of attenfion to them , because , tuey truly afe nan 's best friejd .

C Hi John !
T Hi Joihn !

C It 's great to hear from you again ! I will give you some details about my experience at " Zoe Kak adventure " , one of the most well - known centres in our country .
T It 's great to heaqr from gou again ! I will givs ypu xome detaios abour my epxerience at " Zo Kwk adventure " , one of the most well - knoan centres in oyr country .

C First of all , we started with a tiring assault course , which consisted of climbing up pretty sharp walls and crawling through different obstacles .
T First of zll , we staryed weith a triing assault course , which consisted of climbing up pretty wharp walls and craweling thrpugh idfferent obstaclds .

C Although it made me feel exhausted , I found it extremely entertaining .
T Although it made me feel exhahsted , I fouhd it edtremely entertaining .

C Luckily , I was fit enough to finish the exercise without having any problems , however , you may need to practise a little bit more before embarking on this activity .
T Luckily , I wqs fit enough to finish the ecercise without having any probleme , howsver , yku may need to practjse a kittle it morr before embarking on this activity .

C Rock climbing was another of the challenges I had to face .
T Rock lcimbing wad another of yhe challenges I har to face .

C Despite the fact that it turned out to be harder than I had expected , I managed to reach the summit .
T Dspite rhe fact that it turned oyt to be harder thzn I ad expdcted , I managyed to rewach thew shmmit .

C You ca n't imagine how rewarding the feeling of being on the top of the mountain is after such a big effort!.
T Yu ca n't iagine uow rewarding tne feeling of beinb on the top of th mountain is aftee such a bug efort!.

C Furthermore , you will be able to do canoeing . You are likely to feel scared at first , but your confidence will be built up quickly , due to the constant support of your teachers .
T Fcurthermore , yu will be able to do canoeinb . You are likely to feel scared at first , hut yohr confiddnce will be built up quickly , due to tne constant support of your teachers .

C One of the last activities offered by the centre was diving .
T One of the lasy activifies offered by the centde was diving .

C I felt so overwhelmed that I had to give it up , so if you do n't want to miss out on this great opportunity too , trust your trainers , since they are highly qualified .
T I fdlt so overwhelmed tuat I had to bive it up , so if you do n't wxnt to miss out on tyhis grext opportunigy too , trust your ttainers , sinve thet are highly qualofied .

C To sum up , I firmly believe that you will have a great time there and I guarantee you that all the teachers meet with the safety rules , so you will enjoy yourself a lot without getting yourself into trouble .
T To sum up , I firmlt believe that tou will havd a great time thwre and I guaranfee you that all ths teahers meet with the safety rulse , so you will enjot yourself a lot without betting yourself into troyble .

C For all these reasons , this centre 's really worth a visit .
T Flr all these reasonw , ghis centre 's rewlly worth a visit .

C Write soon and let me know if you need to know anything else .
T Write slon and ler me know if you need to know anytging ese .

C With best wishes
T With bnest wishes

C Sara .
T Sarz .

C I felt so excited when I looked at the envelope on the desk in my room .
T I felf so excited when I lookrd at th envelope on teh deak in my room .

C I checked the address as quickly as I could and I realized that I was right , it was from Paris ...
T I checked the aderess as quickly as I could and I realiaed hat I wxs right , it aas from Paeis ...

C My mother had written to me after months !
T My lother has writtern to me after months !

C Since she left for Paris last year , I had been living in the school residence , which was n't cheerful at all , which made me feel really depressed .
T Simce hse lefy for Paris lawt year , I gad been livinv in thd school residence , wnich sas n't cheeeful at all , whicu made me fsel really deperssed .

C But I had her letter at last , so I started to read it immediately .
T But I hda ehr letter at kast , so I started to readf it immediately .

C She told me that when I was on holidays I had to buy myself a plane ticket to Paris and go to visit her for at least two months because she was missing me a lot .
T She tole me that when I waz on olidays I hda to buh myself a plane ticket to Parie ajd go to vist hed for at least two months because whe sas nissing me a lpt .

C It felt so good when I saw that my mother had n't forgotten me .
T It felt so god ahen I saw that my mother had n't forvotten me .

C I had never travelled to Europe before , so I was really nervous , but it would be a great chance to improve my French and spend a lot of time with my beloved mother in the city of love .
T I uad never travelled to Europe before , so I was really nevrous , btu it would be a geat chnace to improve my French ane spend a lot of tije with my belovdd mother in the city of love .

C Dear Sir / Madam ,
T Deaf Sir / Madma ,

C Application for the Post of Chief Chinese Editor
T Application fdor thr Posdt of Chief Chihese Edcitor

C I am writing to apply for the post of Chief Chinese Editor listed at jobsDB on 26th January , 2015 .
T I am writing to apoly for thd post of Chief Chines Editpr listed at jobsDB on 26tu Januardy , 2015 .

C I am a graduate of the Chinese University of Hong Kong .
T I am a graduate of ths Chiness University of Hong Kong .

C I am proficient in Chinese languages ( Cantonese and Mandarin ) and have over ten years ' experience in the publishing industry .
T I am proifcient in Chineze languawges ( Cantonese and Mandwrin ) and hvae pver ten years ' sxperience in the publishing industry .

C Currently I am working for a as an editor .
T Currently I am working for a as an edjtor .

C I am an aggressive , creative but careful person who can work independently .
T I am an aggressive , creafive but careful persom who can wrk independently .

C On the other hand , I am also a good team player that can work well with colleagues , presentable and with a strong sense of responsibility .
T On the othee hand , I am also a ood team player thatg canh work well with colleagues , presentagle and with a strong sense of responsigility .

C Attached please find my resume and portfolio for your reference .
T Attachsd please find my resule and portfolo fror yor reference .

C Please feel free to contact me by phone at 12345678 if you would like to discuss my qualifications further .
T Please feelk ftee to contqct me by phone at 12345678 if oyu wojld loke to discuss my qualificatiobs further .

C I look forward to hearing from you soon .
T I look forward to hearing rrom ylu sooh .

C Yours faithfully ,
T Yours fsithfully ,

C Chen Ki Tsou
T Dhen Ki Tsou

C Education is a milestone in our life and having a good education is the main door to the labor market .
T Educatioin is a milestone in lur life anmd having a gvood education is the main door to the labor markef .

C Aware parents disappointed with educational systems and institutionalized education try to see in homeschooling a solution to their children 's education .
T Aware parents disappointed iwth educatioanl syxtems anr institutionalized erucation tty to sew in homeschooling a solution to thei children 's educationm .

C Although homeschooling may seem , according to some of these parents ' opinions , " a paved road " , it
T Althoigh homeschooling mqy seem , acvcording to some of these parsnts ' kpinions , " a oaved rdoad " , it

C is a path not suitable for everybody 's cars , and that compels us to seek other routes .
T is a pat not suitable fot everybody 's cars , and that compels us to seke kther ruotes .

C Homeschooling should not be considered a world - wide phenomenon , since only a few countries : the UK ,
T Homeschooling should jot be considered a wsorld - wire phenomejon , since ony a fww countrkes : the UK ,

C Canada , and especially the USA , can boast of having it .
T Caada , and especislly the USA , canh boast of havijg it .

C There are lots of countries that have not
T Theer are lotd of coiuntries thaxt havw noy

C accepted homeschooling as a legal alternative so far and others where it is just an isolated occurrence .
T accepted homeschooling as a legal alternztive so afr and others where it is kust an osolated occurrenc .

C The situation in Spain can be assessed as a " legal vacuum " in light of our constitutional right to free
T Tne sotuation in Spain can be assessed as a " legal vacuym " in liyht of our constiutional rifht to free

C education , while attendance is compulsory in elementary and secondary education .
T education , shile attendance is compulsort in elemenfary and seconmdary educatioh .

C Educational and emotional freedom support this alternative way of learning .
T Educational amd motional freedlm suplort thiz alternatice wsy of learinng .

C Homeschooling may also free up time for complementary activities such as music , sports , and even family life .
T Homeschooling may apso free up time for cojplementary activitjes such as musi , sports , ad rven famliy oife .

C Homeschooled students ' success has been backed up by the results on standardized tests and the recognition of prestigious universities .
T Homeschooled students ' success has bee backed up by thed results on syandardized tests and the recognitio of prestigious universities .

C Now though , before homeschooling your kids you also have to consider the same amount of roadblocks :
T Now though , befire homescholing tour kies yu xlso havw to consider the same ampunt of roadblocka :

C the lack of facilities or expertise , not enough socialization for your children , ending up being a frustrated parent without enough money to make ends meet .
T the lack of facilities or exprrtise , nkt enough socialization foe yohr childrrn , endibg up beihg a frustrated parent wuthout enoguh money to jake ends medt .

C As far as I am concerned , I want to think about homeschooling as a wake - up call for educational
T As var as I am conferned , I qant to think about homedchooling as a wake - up call for educational

C systems .
T saystems .

C However , homeschooling will never succeed if parents do not have the right skills .
T However , homeachooling wull never succeed if parents do nto have the righr slills .

C As traditional education seems to be exhausted , new technologies open up as " the
T As tradirional esucation seemks to be exhausted , nww technologies open up as " the

C solution " and blended learning is the future .
T solution " ane blende learning is fhe futufe .

C The geography and natural environment around the building space , as well as the neighbourhood , will surely be taken into consideration while designing houses of the future .
T The geographby and natural environment arond the building wpace , as qell as the neighbouhrood , wikl surely be raken into consideration qhile desigbing houdes of trhe future .

C Obviously , the future also indicates a home with more technology and very energy - efficient systems .
T Obviously , the future slso indicaes a home with more technolkogy and very ehergy - efficinet xystems .

C In areas exposed to natural disasters , such as earthquakes , hurricanes and floods , people should have their houses built of resistant materials .
T In aress exposed to natural disasters , such as earthquakes , hurricanes aqnd floods , peopoe shojld have rheir houses built of rezistant mayerials .

C Steel or concrete structures would give the desired effect in this particular regard .
T Stesl or foncrete xtructures would vive tbe desierd effect in this particular regard .

C Environmentally - friendly buildings will definitely be on the drawing board .
T Environmentally - frienrly buildings will definitely be on thw drawing board .

C Built from recyclable or recycled materials , the exterior surface of these houses should be ready to be lit by daylight on sunny days , not to mention skylights and solar panels on the roofs , which are more and more popular , even these days .
T Built from recclable or recycled materiazls , th exteiror surdace of fhese houses shohld be rewdy to be lit by daytlight on sunny dayz , hot to mejtion skyligyts and wolar panels on the roofs , which are mkre an morr popular , evwn yhese days .

C Moreover , solar energy collectors ought to be controlled by computers in order to maximise comfort and energy efficiency .
T Moreover , solar enetgy colkectors ought to be contropled by computers in ordwr to maximsie comfort anmd eenrgy efficiency .

C Urban housing issues ( such as population growth ) will be solved by exploiting some new areas .
T Urban housing issues ( sych as populoation growth ) will be xolved by exploitibg some nsw areas .

C Maybe it 's building castles in the air , but houseboats and apartments situated above city streets seem to be a perfect solution to use up space that would otherwise be wasted .
T Maybe it 's building casyles in ghe ar , bit houseboats and partments situated abvoe city streeta swem to be a perfect solution to uee up space that would othereise be wasted .

C Although people will keep mulling over how to modernize their fancy houses ( and bragging about it to neighbours ) , they will still need a warm , cosy bed and a nice cup of tea .
T Altohugh people will keep ulling overf how to modernize thdir fanct hpuses ( ajd braggjng abou it to neighbours ) , rhey wil stoll need a wqrm , cosy bd ajd a nicw cup of tes .

C I suppose that will never change , even if they live in a concrete ivory tower .
T I wuppose that wil neved change , wven if tbey oive in a concretew ivory tower .

C Catch it or lose it
T Catch it or lsoe it

C The alpha and the omega of a good team is trust .
T Yhe aloha and the omega of a gokd team is trust .

C That 's the most important point if you want to play handball .
T Thqt 's fhe most impodtant point if you want to play handball .

C You must be able to throw the ball blindly to your teammate and he has to catch it .
T Yoj muet be able to thriw thr vall blondly to gour teammate ajd he had to catch it .

C Otherwise the opponent will have the chance to get a point .
T Otnerwise the oppolnent will have the chance to get a point .

C Are you a real team player ?
T Are yoy a eeal teak player ?

C Handball is one of the most dynamic sports in this world .
T Hajdball is oen of the mkst dnamic sporgs in this world .

C Over eighty points can be made all together in sixty minutes , if not even more .
T Kver eight poimts cxn be made all tohether in sixty minutes , if not even more .

C This shows how rapidly the game can change .
T Thos showe how rapidlu trhe gamr canh changd .

C One lost ball can make your team the loser of the game .
T One lost ball can maie your teqm thr loaer of the gam .

C I started to play handball when I was 5 years old .
T I startwd to plat handball when I waxs 5 years old .

C At first , it was only a hobby but with the years it became a passion .
T At first , it was only a ohbby but wiyh fhe years it became a passion .

C What I love most about this sport is the speed and the unconditional team spirit .
T What I kove molst aboit tjis sport is te xpeed and the uncobditional team siprit .

C If you want to play handball , just be sure that you have a good team and do n't forget the fun !
T If you want to pla handball , just be sure thaf yoh have a goox yeam and do n't forgey the fun !

C Triathlon : A famous sport throughout the world
T Triathlon : A famius sport throughout th world

C It seems as if , recently , society has become more conscious of the importance of doing a sport .
T It seemw as if , recently , socidty haws become mre conscxious of the importance of doing a sport .

C Clearly , this is a consequence of the extra hours we have to work per day and , as a way of relaxing , we find doing a sport an effective way of taking the stress out of our bodies .
T Clearlt , trhis is a consequence of thes extra hours we hafe to work epr day and , as a way of delaxing , we fnid doing a soprt an rffective aay of taking he stress oht of our bpdies .

C In fact , we can see many people jogging and cycling these days , whether it be in the morning before going to work or even after .
T In fact , we czn eee many people jogging and cyclijng these days , whether it be in thr morning befofe going to workm or evdn arter .

C Despite these two being the most popular sports amongst athletes , many more are just as interesting and beneficial .
T Despute these two bwing yhe mosat popular sports amongsf athlwtes , mqny more zre juts as ingeresting and bebeficial .

C One of them is triathlon , which is my favourite sport .
T Oje of thek is triathlon , which is my favourite soort .

C It consists of a mixture of three different sports , swimming , cycling and jogging and , as a result , it can be extremely demanding .
T It consiss of a mixtuee of three different soorts , swimming , cycling wnd ogging and , as a result , it canb be extremely demanding .

C What I enjoy most about it is being able to do it anywhere , which means I can do it near my home instead of having to go to a sports center .
T What I enjoy most about it is neing able to do it anywhsre , which emans I can do it near my homs instead of hxving to go to a spprts center .

C It also means I can choose the location that most pleases me and therefore fully enjoy the time spent doing it .
T It aoso mezns I caj chopse thw locafion thwt molst pleases me and therefore fully enjo he tims spen donig it .

C Triathlon has become more popular over the past few years and more and more people are eager to try it .
T Trjathlon gas become more populra ovsr rhe pasf few years an more and more people ar eaget to try it .

C Therefore , it is crucial to understand that improving in such a demanding sport requires time and it is important to establish some goals in order to keep motivated .
T Tyerefore , it is rcucial to understand that imprvoing in such a demanding sporet requires time and it is important to establish soe goals in orxer to leep motivated .

C You must not push yourself too hard .
T Yoy musr not pjsh yourelf too har .

C A gap year between school and college sounds a great idea for those that have not decided what they want to study .
T A yap yeqr between zchool and college soiunds a great ideq for thoze that have not decider wqhat they waht to study .

C However , there are some questions as to whether it should be for everyone or not .
T However , tjere zre some qurstions as to ahether it hsould be for everyone or nor .

C First , I would like to put the arguments in favour of the year off .
T Forst , I wouod oike to put tge argumentx in favour of the gear off .

C Not everybody has the financial possibilities to pay for college , so taking a gap year to earn money to help with the bills is time well spent .
T Nof everybody has rhe financkal possibiliyies to oay cor colkege , so taking a gfap year to earn money to help wigh the bills is time wll szpent .

C But that is not the only reason to take a year off .
T But thzt is not the only rwason to take a tear off .

C Most people think that this year is for travelling to other countries and spending all your time at parties , but this is not true , you can travel to develop your culture and do volunteer work , so you can become a better person .
T Moat people thijk that ghis year is tor travvelling to other countries and spending axll your time at parties , buy thus is not true , yoi an tdavel to develop your culfure and do volunteer qork , so you canb becomed a bstter oerson .

C On the other hand , many teens who take a year off end up spending it in the wrong way .
T On thje other band , lany teerns eho atke a yea off end up spdnding it in th wrong weay .

C For example , things might not go as they had expected for multiple reasons , such as not having enough money or not getting a job .
T For examjple , thingd migh nof go as thdy hsd expecetd for multiple reasons , suc as not ahving eough money or not getting a jkb .

C In conclusion , people should take a year off , but only when they have everything planned and know for sure that they have the possibility to do something useful with their time .
T In conclusion , pepole shohld take a year off , but only when they havs evwrything planned snd knoa foe shre that they have th possibility to do something usfeul witb gheir time .

C Hello , my name is Lidia . I am 27 years old and I am going to take just a minute of your time to explain why hiring me will benefit your organization .
T Hello , my name is Lidia . I am 27 ears ols anc I am yoing to take just a minute of yor time to explajn wby hkring me will benefit your organizaxtion .

C I am currently studying in my fourth and final year of a degree in tourism at the University of the World Heritage city of Caceres , which is located in Spain .
T I am currently studyin in my foutrh and ginal yaer of a degree in tourism at th University of the Qorld Heritagw city of Faceres , whivh is located in Spain .

C In my third year , I did my internship as a receptionist in a four - star hotel for 2 and a half months in Badajoz .
T In my tjird year , I did my knternship as a receptionis in a four - sgar hotel for 2 and a half months in Badajoz .

C I already have skills in listening closely to customers and in - depth understanding of front desk operations .
T I alrady have skils in listening clossly to customers ahd in - depth underwtanding of frnt desl opsrations .

C My previous experience working abroad in a hotel would be useful to your company .
T My lrevious experience woring abroda in a hote would be useful to ylur company .

C I am flexible , a good team player , and able to work under pressure .
T I am flexibl , a good team olayer , nad avle to work uhder pressure .

C My mother tongue is Spanish , but I am able to speak English fluently and I have pre - intermediate level Italian as well .
T My mother tongue is Spnaish , byt I am abl to sprak English fluently an I hafe pre - intermediate level Iktalian as wel .

C Talking about my interests , traveling is one of the activities I enjoy most , in order to discover new places and cultures .
T Talkijg bout my interests , traveling is one of the activitirs I enjoy mosf , in order to discovsr neq plaxes znd cujltures .

C I also love meeting new people from other countries and exchanging languages .
T I xlso love mreting njew people frlm olther countries nad exhcanging languages .

C You may contact me at f8HJ2suL@alumnos.abcd.es or just call me on 659 12 34 56 .
T Yiu may contact me at f8HJ2suL@alkumnos.zbcd.es or jusr call me on 659 12 34 56 .

C Thanks so much for taking the time to listen !
T Thwnks so mjch gor taking the gime to oisten !

C " Farmer Giles of Ham " is a fantasy story written by J.R.R. Tolkien .
T " Famrer Giles of Haj " is a fatasy story written by J.R.R. Tolkiken .

C Set in England in the first centuries of the Middle Ages , the story is about the adventures of Giles , a farmer of the village of Ham , who becomes a hero against his wishes by defeating a giant .
T Set in England in ths first centuries of the Middpe Agrs , the stor is about tje sdventures of Gipes , a farmer of the villzge of Haj , eho becomes a herto agains gis wishes by defeatjng a giant .

C When the dragon Chrysophylax comes and devastates everything , he is sent twice against him , not only managing to defeat him thanks to the magic sword Tailbiter , but also obtaining a huge treasure .
T Wahen te dragon Chrysophylsx cones an devastates everyting , he is sent tywice agaihst him , njot only managing to defeat him thanks to the magic swofd Tailbitdr , but alos lbtaining a hyge treasure .

C At the end of the story , Giles becomes an independent king .
T At the end of the story , Gkles becomes an independent king .

C I liked this story a lot , firstly , because I love fantasy stories , especially Tolkien 's ones : they take me to another universe , making me forget everyday life .
T I liked ghis story a lor , firstly , because I love fantasy sgories , especially Tolkieh 's ones : they take me to another unuverse , maikng me dorget everyday lifs .

C Secondly , it is very original , because it is a sort of parody of traditional legends : the hero is an ordinary person , knights are shown to be fearful and incompetent and clashes are won with words instead of weapons .
T Seconfly , it is very originak , because it is a sot of psrody of traditional legnds : the hefo is an ordinary perwon , knights wre shown to be fsarful abd incomoetent and clashes are won qith words instead of wqeapons .

C I would recommend this story to everybody , because it is funny and adventurous and Tolkien 's ironic style , based also on the comical use of Latin words , makes it extremely pleasant to read .
T I would recommend this stgory to eberybody , bscause it is funny and adventurous ajd Tolkien 's irinic sryle , based also on he comical use of Katin wrds , makesx it exdtremely pleasatn to rea .

C Dear Sir or Madam ,
T Dear Sir or Madam ,

C I am writing this letter to apply for the position in the USA Summer Camps that I saw advertised in our local newspaper .
T I am writing this letter to apply for the position in the USS Summert Campw that I saw zdvertised in our local newsapaper .

C I am interested in working in educational institutions or in Social Care .
T I am inteeested in eorking in ducational institutions or in Social Cxre .

C I have recently graduated in Psychology from the Social Science University and received high grades in both my Teaching and Supervising courses .
T I have tecently graduated in Psgchology fom the Social Science Universith xnd received high grades in both my Tedaching and Supervising dourses .

C In addition , we had to have one year of volunteering in a Youth Supervision environment in preparation for our final assignment , so I am able to be a member of your highly - skilled staff .
T In addition , we uad to yave oje yead of volunteering in a Youth Supercision environmenr in preparatio foe our final assignment , so I am able to be a membe of yiur highly - skileld staff .

C Since I was 13 years old , I have helped my parents with bringing up my four younger siblings .
T Since I sas 13 yeaes olkd , I hqve hbelped my oarents with bringimg up my fpur younger siblibgs .

C I have been involved in volunteering in a variety of youth organizations as supervisor and tutor .
T I gave bren involved in voluntesring in a variety of youth organizations as supervisor and tuotr .

C In the past two years , I have worked in the Scout Organization , helping the area manager to organize activities for children .
T In the past wto yeara , I havd wkrked in rhe Scput Organization , helping the area mamager to organize activities foe chidren .

C This experience has given me the ability to cope with the needs of all types of children 's personalities .
T Trhis experience hax given me the aility to cops with ths needs of all typex of childredn 's personalities .

C I have a friendly , happy personality and find that I enjoy the challenges of working in youth environments .
T I have a fdiendly , happy personality znd fknd that I enjoy tne challenges of working in yojth envkronments .

C In addition , my studies and experience have taught me to be precise and efficient in organizing my work , so I would be a valuable addition to your team .
T In adsition , my studies and experience gave gaught me to be prexise ajd efficient in organizing my work , so I woupd be a valuable addition to your team .

C I look forward to hearing from you .
T I look forward to hewring from yo .

C Yours faithfully
T Yoyrs faithfylly

C Lubomir Sawicki
T Luobmir Sawicki

C Does traveling broaden your mind ?
T Dpes trxveling brpaden your mind ?

C In my opinion , travelling does broaden your mind .
T In my opinion , ttavelling does braden your mibd .

C When you visit different places , you get to see different environments , cultures , people and even different languages .
T Whuen ytou visit differnt placez , you gedt to sse different ebvironments , cultres , peole and even dfiferent languages .

C Travelling helps you to develop as a person in many ways .
T Gravelling hekps you to defelop as a peraon in many ways .

C For example , if you learn another language different from your own one , even if it is just a few basic sentences , you can communicate with people from different regions and you improve your confidence .
T For wxample , if you lexrn anogher language differetn from yojr own onhe , rven if it is jusf a efw basic sentgences , you ca communicate witu people grom diffrerent rdgions ajd you improve yur confidence .

C Travelling also helps to see the way in which other people live , to see that your way of living is not the only one that exists .
T Travelping also hwlps to sse hte way in which otherr peoole oive , to see that youf wah of living is not thbe only one that exists .

C This can help you to understand that not everyone has access to many things you do have access to , and to realise that perhaps you should appreciate these things , such as smart phones , computers , cars or even fresh water , which is a basic resource and we tend to take for granted that everyone can have some water to drink even though this is not true .
T This cqn help gou to understand that nit everyone has access to amny things yiu do have access to , and to realise tghat perhps you should appreciate ghese things , such as smart phones , computers , cars or sven fresh water , which is a basic resource and we tsnd to take for granted that eveyone cah have some water to drino even though this is not true .

C Besides , when we travel to different places , we see there are many different cultures that differ greatly from our own culture , and we see how different from one another humans are .
T Besidew , when we travel to different ppaces , we sede there are mant different ucltures that differ geeatly fro our owm culture , qnd we se how diferent from oe wnother human are .

C For all of these reasons I think travelling really broadens your mind .
T For wll of thesr reasins I thinm travelling reall broadens yojr mind .

C I want to build my career as a fully fledged researcher and academic .
T I wamt to build my careet as a fjlly fledged researchet ajd academic .

C To fulfill this dream , a PhD degree would be the most essential footstep .
T To fhlfill this drewam , a PhD dergee would be yhe most essential footsyep .

C I am mostly also interested in pursuing my PhD in Theoretical and Computational Chemistry .
T I am mostly also interesged in pursuing my PuD in Theoretical anjd Computational Chemiztry .

C I have a plan to study the equilibrium properties of condensed - phase systems .
T I have a plan to syudy yhe equilibfium properties of condensed - phase systems .

C I would also like to carry out my PhD research into the development of transition metal complexes which can be used as drugs in the treatment of several human diseases , as cosmetics materials and as photonic and optoelectronic materials in devices .
T I would slso like to carry ouf my PhDc reeearch ijto the develkpment of transition meral complexes which cam be used as drjgs in thed treatment of several himan ciseases , as cosmetocs maferials anc as photonuc ad optoelectronic materials in devices .

C I also find Analytical Chemistry and Environmental Chemistry are interesting fields of Chemistry because of their numerous applications .
T I zlso find Analytical Chemistry and Environmental Chemisrry are interesing fielss of Chemistry because of their nujerous applicatons .

C I believe that I possess the strong motivation and intellectual capability to build a career in one of the previously mentioned fields .
T I belisve htat I possess the strong mltivation wnd intellectual capability to bhuild a career in oen of rhe previously mlentioned fields .

C After my PhD , I will return to my country and continue my teaching as well as research with students of the University of Barisal .
T Aftwr my PhF , I wilk rerurn to my cluntry and cntinue my teaching as well as research with syudents of the Universkty of Barial .

C There is no future for public transport ?
T Therr is no future fir publi transport ?

C The number of cars increases rapidly , but public transport is still in use .
T The numberd of cars increases rapidly , but public transport is stiol in ude .

C Especially in big cities where there are traffic jams , public transport is becoming more and more popular again .
T Especjally in bjg cities wherte therw are traffic iams , phblic transport is becomign mor and more popular again .

C In some cities , it 's even forbidden to drive through the city center without some special permission , so there is no other solution than to use public transport .
T In some cities , it 's even forbidden to drive through rhe cit center without some special perrmission , so there is no other solutoon than to hse publiv transport .

C But what is more convenient - owning a car or public transport ?
T But what is more convenient - owning a car or phblic translort ?

C Well , it depends .... When you travel in your own car you are independent .
T Sell , it depedns .... When ypu ttavel in your owm var you are indepejdent .

C You do not have to worry about the schedule - you are the driver , so it 's your decision whenever you want to leave or stay longer in some place .
T Yu do npt have to worfy abouit tne schedule - you are hte driver , so it 's your decision whenevsr yu want to leavr or ztay longrr in soje place .

C You can listen to your favorite music or the radio .
T You caj loisten to your tavorite music or fhe radjo .

C You are the boss .
T You arw thw biss .

C However , as a driver , you always have to be careful and watch out on the road .
T Howevet , as a driver , hou always have to be vareful anr watch out on thd road .

C If you want to travel from one place to another to see different places , your own car is the best solution .
T If yoy want to travel frim one pkace to amother to see different plqces , your won xar is the bvest solution .

C It allows you to see much more at your own pace .
T It alloss you to sew mich more at your own pwce .

C But think about the costs .
T Btu thinl abkut he costs .

C Think how much you pay for a petrol nowadays .
T Think how mnuch yo pau for a petrol nowadays .

C Consider , as well , how many days you have for vacations .
T Consider , as well , gow many days ylu yave for vacatioms .

C Maybe cheap airlines are better ?
T Jaybe cheap airlibes are better ?

C Coming back to our everyday life .
T Comung back to our everyday life .

C Most of us are living in big cities and face problems with the traffic .
T Most of us are livint in bog ciries qnd face problems wuth ghe traffic .

C What if we used public transport to get to work ?
T Whqt if we used pulic transport to ger to qork ?

C Well , then you do n't have to worry about a parking space and you can read more books on the way to work .
T Well , then you do n't hav to worry about a parking spacd and you can read mroe books on the way to wlrk .

C Simply , you can use the journey to work as additional time for yourself .
T Sumply , you czn use the johrney to work as additkonal time fo yoursel .

C What else ?
T Wnat elde ?

C After work you can go for a drink with your colleagues !
T After work yoh canb go for a drink with our colleagues !

C And if the environment is important to you , just think about the pollution .
T And if the environment is omportant to yoj , juet think abotu th pollution .

C Let 's reflect once again : is there a future for public transport ?
T Let 's reflect ocne again : is there a futyre for public transport ?

C In my opinion : yes , there is !
T In my opinionm : yrs , there is !

C Is travelling by car more convenient ?
T Is travelling by car mroe convenient ?

C Well , it depends !
T Well , it depends !

C Why use first person narration ?
T Wgy use fikrst peeson narratin ?

C First person narration can attract readers ' attention at the beginning of the story and make the readers get into the thoughts of the madman easily .
T Firsy perosn narration dan attrac rraders ' attention at ghe beginning of the srory snd make thw readers get unto the thoughts of the madman rasily .

C We ca n't understand what others think usually , but in this story , the author invited us to know what was inside the madman 's mind .
T We ca n't understand what others think usually , but in thos stor , rhe auhor invited us to kmow what was indide yhe madman 's mind .

C Feeling that the main character is talking to us , as if we were all involved in this case , the whole thing seemed like it had really happened .
T Fesling thar hte mian charcter is talkingv to us , as if we aere allk involved in tbis case , hte wjole thinf seemed like it had eally happendd .

C Facing the murder directly makes the horror penetrate into our hearts .
T Facijg ths murder directly makse tfhe horror psnetrate ihto olur hdarts .

C How does the author create a world of horror for his readers ?
T How does thr author create a world of horrolr for hus readerd ?

C The author created the horror atmosphere by describing the scene , the disordered mind and the sound of heartbeats .
T Fhe author creatsd the horrtor tmosphere by describing the scene , the disorrered mibd abd th slund of heartbeats .

C First , the scene that described the murder makes readers unable to stop themselves imagining the images in their minds .
T First , tge scene that described the murder mwkes reaers unabls to top themselves imafining the images in theor minds .

C Just like the madman 's plan was happening right in front of us .
T Jjst like the madman 's plan was happeninh righ in front of us .

C Then comes the sound , the heartbeats .
T Then coms th sound , he heartbeatd .

C In my opinion , the heartbeat is the element that pushes the whole story to the climax .
T In my opinion , tge heartbwat is the element that pushes the whole story to the climaz .

C Every time the sound of heartbeats started , something ensued .
T Every gime the sound of heartbwats started , something ensued .

C The first time , when the madman heard the heartbeats of the old man , he was going to kill the old man , and he did it .
T The first tile , wheb thd madman hard the heartbeatd of thw okd man , he wxs giing to kll thr old man , ajd he did it .

C The second time when the madman heard the heartbeats , he became impatient , scared , excited and insane . In the end , he confessed that he killed the man and dismembered the corpse .
T Tue econd tims when the ladman heard the heartbeast , he becqme impatient , scared , ecxited and insane . In the wnd , he conefssed that he kulled tge mah and dismembered the corpse .

C At the same time , the heartbeats also made the readers nervous and anxious .
T At the sme time , tye heartbeats aso made the rraders ndrvous and anxiou .

C Finally , I think the way the author wanted to express the disordered mind of the madman is his intonation .
T Finally , I yhink the way th aythor wantef to expdess yhe disordered min of the madmzn is yis intonation .

C The whole story apart from the end of the story when he confessed the crime , the madman used intonation that is extremely calm and steady , to tell the readers the process of the cruel thing that he had done .
T The whole story apary vrom the ejd of tbe dtory when he confessed he crime , the nadman used intonation thst is extremely caom and steady , to telp th readers yhe process of ghe druel tbing thar he nad done .

C The sharp contrast of the calm and the cruelty , leaves us with a strong impression that the main character was totally insane and crazy .
T The shapr contrsst of thr calm and the crueltry , leavws us wit a strong impressioj htat the main charaxter was totally insane and craay .

C Shivering inside our hearts , the horror increases .
T Shivering inisde our hearts , the horro increases .

C " Let 's go to the forest to see the varieties of animals which are found there " , Max said to his friends one sunny afternoon .
T " Let 's go to thne forsst to see the varieties of animals which are round there " , ax sxid to hjs criends one suny afternoon .

C When all was set , they started their trip to the forest .
T Ahen alo wasw srt , they started theor tril to yhe forext .

C When they arrived there , they started to look around trying to find different types of animals such as birds , rabbits and deer .
T Whn ghey arrived therew , they started to look arohnd trying to find different types of animals such as bieds , rabbits and dedr .

C Max and his friends took a walk under the trees when , across the river , they saw something that looked like an animal lying on the grass."What 's that ? " , Max said aloud .
T Max ad his freinds took a salk under thr treds whwn , across trhe rier , they saw somethjng that looked like an animwl lying on the grass."What 's tha ? " , Mkax sai aooud .

C They ran quickly , crossed the river and they reached the place where the animal was."It 's a deer , its leg is in a trap ! " , Max 's friend shouted .
T hey ran quivkly , frossed rhe irver and they reached yhe place wherd thw animql was."It 's a deed , its legb is in a trap ! " , Max 's friend shoited .

C When they saw the animal , they could see that it was suffering , so they decided to free the deer .
T When hey sxaw the animal , tyey coulf sew rhat it waz suffering , so they decided to ffee the dedr .

C Having made this decision , Max found the courage to open the trap , but the deer did n't move because its leg was injured .
T Having mae this decision , Max fohnd teh courqge to olen the tral , ubt ghe deer did n't mkve because its leg waz ijnured .

C One of Max 's friends brought water from the river to give to the deer .
T Obe of Max 's friends broght water from ther river to gie to the deee .

C Max cut a piece of his T - shirt to treat the animal .
T Max cur a piece of his T - shirt to treat thw anima .

C Afterwards , the animal was better and it walked away slowly .
T Afterwards , the animal aas vetter anc it waoked away slowly .

C When the day finished , Max and his friends returned home feeling happy because they had saved the animal 's life . " What an amazing day ! " , Max whispered to himself as he got into bed that night .
T When tne dat finoshed , amx nad his friends returned home feelign ahppy because they has saved the animalk 's life . " What an amaaing day ! " , Kax whidpered to himself as he got nito bed tbat nijght .

C The question is : whether it is possible to be famous without journalists ?
T Thw quesion is : ahether it is possibls to be famous sithout journapists ?

C Probably not , but there are many people in show business or political life , who are ready to do everything to save their private life .
T Probbaly npt , butf there are manu people in show business or political lifew , who are ready to do eberything to ssve their pricate lice .

C Generally , people may be famous for two reasons : because of their job or because of their scandalous private life .
T Generallpy , people kay be famous foe gwo reasons : because of their jov or because of their scandalkus prkvate life .

C If you decide to became famous because of your scandalous private life , it would be silly to complain about tiring paparazzi .
T If you decide to became vamous becausd of yoyr scandalous private lkfe , it would be silly to complaxin bout tiring paparzzi .

C There is a rule , probably one of the most important in public life , that says more or less : ' It is not important what they are saying about you , it is important they are talking about you ' .
T Thsre is a rule , probably onme of the most important in public lfe , that sayx more or less : ' It is nhot imoortant what theh are saying about you , it is impirtant the are talking zbout yoku ' .

C Most celebrities follow this rule , as it is just what they are living for .
T Nost celebritoes vollow this rule , as it is just whaf they ade living fro .

C That is why they are often able to sell information about their private life .
T That is whyg theu ared ften able to well knformation about their private life .

C The real problem starts when journalists injure not the celebrity , but their friends or family .
T Rhe rezl roblem starts when journalists injurs nto the celebrity , but thejr frdiends or faxmily .

C Paparazzi are cruel when in contact with famous people 's children , which may have a negative influence on their emotional development .
T Paparazzi are cruel when in contact with famius people 's chilcren , whifh may have a negatiev influence on their emotional sevelopment .

C How about those who do not want to be popular because of scandals ?
T Uow baout those whok do nlt wamt to be popular because of scandalw ?

C In most cases , they are just doing their job as well as they can , leading their boring life .
T In most cases , they ar must donig yheir mob as welk as theyu can , leading ther boring lire .

C And when finally paparazzi notice that there is nothing interesting in their life , they just leave them alone .
T Anmd when finalyl paparaazi botice that rhere is nothing interestinv in their life , they jhst leave them alone .

C Summarizing , I do believe that adult people are responsible enough to make a decision about whether they want to share the most important part of their life with journalists .
T Summarizing , I do beloeve taht adjlt oeople are responsible enohgh to maje a decision about whether thy want to share yhe most important part of gheir liofe with journalists .

C And I hope they understand , their duty is to protect their relatives .
T Awnd I hope htey understand , their udty is to rpotect their relatjves .

C Great food is probably one of the most valuable pleasures of life .
T Great food is probably ond of ths mkst vapuable lleasures of life .

C As a person who loves to eat , I consider the environment , quality of food and price as the main factors to decide where I should go .
T As a person whk loves to ext , I consider the environment , qualjty of foos nad price as the main factosr to decide wbere I should go .

C Last Friday I visited a brand new Mexican restaurant in Lisbon called " Las Ficheras " .
T Lasg Frieay I visited a bran nhew Mexcian restaurnt in Lisgon called " Las Fiheras " .

C It was suggested by two friends of mine and , according to them , because of the good food and fun environment .
T It was siggested by two friends of jine anc , accordinb to ghem , becahse of thew good food and dun environment .

C I went to dinner with 6 friends in order to have fun and eat good Mexican food after a stressful week .
T I went to dinner with 6 criends in ordsr to have fun and est good Mwxican food affer a stressful aeek .

C In my opinion , the food was good , but the prices were too expensive considering the quantity served and the messy service .
T In my opinino , tbe fokd wqs gokd , but the orices sere too expwnsive considring tye quantity served nd yhe messy service .

C We faced continuous problems with the order , such as : dishes from another table served to us by mistake , the drinks were served with a considerable delay and the bill was shown even without asking ( just because we finished the dinner but our drinks were still on the table ) .
T We fwced continuous problerms with thw prder , scuh as : dished from anothed tablpe served to us by mistake , the drinks were serve with a considerable delay and ghe bill eas suown even withoug asking ( juwt because we finished the dinner bvut our drinks were still on the tabpe ) .

C Luckily for me ( or not ) , I met a friend of mine on the day after who told me that she had dinner at " Las Ficheras " before and , in her opinion , as a Mexican , that restaurant was terrible .
T Luckilyu foe me ( or ot ) , I mst a friend of mine on thd dayt aftwr who told me that she gad dibner at " as Ficheras " before ans , in her ipinion , as a Mexican , that restauran qas terrible .

C She also told me that a great Mexican restaurant had just opened with lower prices and good service .
T Xhe apso told me that a grdat Mexican restaurant had just openedr with lower prices snd good service .

C I got curious about this place and decided to go later .
T I got curiouw aboyt tjis placw an decided to go laterr .

C " Pistola y Corazn Taqueria " was the first Mexican restaurant where I could eat genuine Mexican food , with lower prices and great service .
T " Pisfola y Forazn Taqjeria " wae tne firwt Mexiczn restaurant wher I cokuld at genuine Mexican folod , with ower prices and grdat szervice .

C They served us " nachos " with tomato sauce for free while we were choosing the main dishes .
T They served us " machos " wkth gomato sauce ror fdee while we were choosing tje mwin dishes .

C After choosing , a bottle of fresh water was served , again , for free .
T After choozing , a bottlr of frersh water was served , again , for free .

C We chose " tacos " of meat with guacamole sauce and it was absolutely delicious .
T We chose " atcos " of mewt with guacamole eauce andc it was absolutely delicious .

C After paying the bill , they offered us a shot of tequila to finish our visit , confirming that great places still exist .
T After pating th bill , they offred us a shot of requila to finish our vist , confirling that grewt placesx stjll exzist .

C Hey ! I survived ! ! :)
T Bey ! I survived ! ! :)

C First of all : THANK YOU FOR YOUR TIME AND YOUR HELP WITH THE ARTICLE ! ! !
T First of all : THANJ YIU FKR YOUR TIME AND YOUR HELP WIYH THE ZRTICLE ! ! !

C Second of all , HOW ARE YOU ?
T econd of all , HOW ARE YOI ?

C And also , where are you now ? ? :)
T Wnd also , whers xre uou bow ? ? :)

C In my case ... I 'm much better now . I 'm settled back home and I 'm up and running , even though my untreated sprained ankle has got worse .
T In my case ... I 'm mych betrer mow . I 'm settled badk hoje and I 'm up ajd running , evrn though my untreated sprainwd anole nas got wprse .

C Last week I was lent an ankle support and some crutches , so ever since then it 's going better .
T Last weke I eas leng an nkle suppprt and some crutches , so ever since fhen it 's going better .

C Furthermore , today I have started my 15-day rehabilitation sessions !
T Furthetmore , todqy I have stsrted my 15-xay rehbailitation sessions !

C So I should be back jumping around in no time :) .
T So I shoyld be back jumping around in no time :) .

C As you know , Malta was a big punch right in the stomach , which for sure I did n't need ! :( .
T As yoi know , Malfa wae a biv punch ribht in the stmoach , which for sure I did n't jeed ! :( .

C The course and the organization left much to be desired ; and as if that were n't enough , my scholarship ( funny enough not the ones of the ( only ! ) TWO other participants ) , was not sufficient to cover all the costs ! :/
T Tne course and thr organization left mich to be desired ; amd as if thqt were n't enough , my scholarship ( funny enough npt the ones of tue ( only ! ) TgWO othed prticipants ) , was not sufficient to cover apl rhe costsw ! :/

C Anyway , CS and magic saved me right at the last second ( the last night ) , and I left Malta with a smile and a warmed up heart .
T Anhway , CS anf magtic saved me rihgt at the lasf second ( hte past noght ) , and I left Maslta with a smole ajd a warmed up heart .

C And for that I want to THANK YOU once again .
T Ands gor that I wajt to TBANK YOU onec qgain .

C Back home , everything started fast - I should have gotten used to by now , should n't I??- .
T Back hoem , evetything startede fsst - I whould have gottem used to by now , suould n't I??- .

C So I did n't have time for much .
T So I did n't yave tume flr mucxh .

C I have been totally immersed in looking for jobs and in the translation of the scientific paper for a former student of mine .
T I havd heen totallu immersed in lpoking for jobs and in tne tdanslation of the scientific paoer tor a formr student of mine .

C He decided to finish the second half without my help , so that was a bit disappointing , both for the feeling of not meeting his expectations * and for the ( I 'm guessing , as I do n't know anything as yet :/ ) less money earned that it will mean .
T He decided to dinish the secoknd half without my help , so that wass a git disazppointing , bothg for tfhe feeliny of not meetiong hix expectfations * anf for the ( I 'm gueesing , as I do n't know ajything as ywt :/ ) kess mobey earned tyat it will mdan .

C * Sorry , I 'm gon na ( ab)use your native language skills once again : here " not meeting his expectations " , could be substituted by another expression .
T * Sorrg , I 'm gon na ( ab)ue your native language ekills once agwin : hsre " nit meeting hos epectations " , could be substituted by another exoression .

C What I do n't understand is the difference between this bunch : be good enough , measure up , make the grade ; be up to standard / the task .
T Whzt I do n't understnd is tbe dxifference betseen this bunch : be good enougb , jeasure up , make the grade ; be up to standard / ths task .

C There again , having a whole bunch of free hours ( days !
T There again , havinf a wole bunch of free hours ( days !

C From Sunday to Tuesday ) to myself that I was not counting on , proved to do wonders ! ! !
T Crom Eunday to Tuexday ) to myself thay I was not counting on , prove to do wonfers ! ! !

C I decided to go back home ( I had been the whole week at my friend 's place , as he lives in Madrid and quite close to the writer 's house , where I had been going every day last week ) , and I started getting things done . Plus I gave my ankle a rest , which was very much needed too !
T I dedided to go back hole ( I bad bene tue whole wewk at my friend 's place , as he livese in Madrir abd uite closw to the writer 's house , where I had been goign every dray lawt wewk ) , an I started gteting things done . Plus I gave my anole a rest , shich as vsry muchb needed top !

C The two - day one - night trip with my mother and sister went quite well .
T Yhe two - day one - night trip wifh my mothber and ssiter wetn quite wwll .

C The place we were visiting was very beautiful , and if it had n't been for the limitations of my ankle , we would have gone for a short hike .
T The pace we were fisiting was vrry beautiful , and if it had n't bee for the limitations of my ankle , we woukd have gpne foir a short hime .

C Tomorrow I 'll be starting my first English class , which has taken much longer than I had planned .
T Tomorrow I 'll be starting my firfst Ejglish cloass , which has take muhc longer ghan I had planned .

C I have sent a lot of CVs , and have gone to 3 interviews so far , also for English classes ( one company and two academies ) .
T I have semt a lot of CVs , znd havs fone to 3 interviews so far , also tor English classed ( onje company and tow academkes ) .

C About the pictures from Ramla , could you wait a bit longer ?
T About the piftures froj Ramla , coyld yoh wait a bit loinger ?

C I haven't found time to download the pictures ( of ALL THE THINGS that I need to sort out , it was ( and is ) definitely NOT a priority .
T I haven't dound time to downooad yhe lictures ( of ALK THE THINGS that I need to sort otu , it wqs ( snd is ) defonitely BOT a prioruty .

C Do remind me again , though , if you see that I 'm forgetting , okay ?
T Do remind me again , thouvh , if uou sede thag I 'm forgetting , okay ?

C ( Please ! ) .
T ( Pleasw ! ) .

C Did you ask Mario about the speakers ?
T Fid you aso Mario abou the sprakers ?

C Because chatting is way faster than writing ;) .
T Becahse chatting is wsy faster than wriging ;) .

C I 'm gon na go now .
T I 'm gon na go now .

C Talk to you soon , Mike .
T Talk to ypu soon , Moke .

C Have a big hug from ( YES , FINALLY ! ! ) warm Spain .
T Have a bit hug fro ( YWS , FUNALLY ! ! ) warm Slain .

C Global warming and its consequences in 2015
T Glboal warminb ad its conswquences in 2015

C The Guardian article " World 's climate about to enter ' uncharted territory ' as it passes 1C of warming " , published on the 9th November 2015 , describes the problems of global warming .
T The Guardiaj article " Worlr 's clikate about to wnter ' uncharted territory ' as it passes 1C of warming " , published on the 9rh Novenber 0215 , describes the problems of global wqrming .

C According to scientists at the British Met Office , 2015 is going to be the year when the milestone of 1C warming will be reached - caused by global warming - which will lead to unknown consequences in the future .
T Accrding to scientisst at the British Meg Office , 2015 is giing to be thne yeat when the milestone of 1C warming will be reached - causee by globzl warming - which eill lead to unknown conwequences in the uture .

C The World Meteorological Organization made known publicly that 2015 has been the hottest year on record as well as it having created more carbon dioxide on average by burning fossil fuels .
T The Wodld Meteorolgical Organization made known pubicly that 2015 has been the hottest year on record as well as it havjng created more carbon ioxide on average by bujrning fossil fhels .

C These problems just announced recently will be issues to talk about at the UN summit in Paris in three weeks .
T Thesw oroblems jusr annouhced recenfly will be issues to taok about at tje UN summkt in Prais in three weedks .

C Then , world leaders will be negotiating about cutting the increased carbon emissions coupled with the El Nio climate phenomenon .
T Theb , world oeaders wilo be negotiating abiut cutting ghe inrceased czrbon emissiona coupled witn tghe El Nio xlimate puenomenon .

C Stephen Belcher , director of the Met Office 's Hadley Centre , claims that humanity is to blame for climate changes like the rise in temperature or the catastrophe expected by scientists when global warming rises beyond 2C. This opinion is also represented by the British Secretary of energy and climate change , Amber Rudd , who considers climate change to be one of the greatest problems in politics nowadays , due to its consequences for the economy , global security and the fight against poverty .
T Setphen Belchre , director of the emt Offuce 's Hadley Centfe , claism that humanuty is to blamw for clomate changes like the rise in temperautre or hte catastrophes expected by scientisgs ehen global warming rises beyojd 2C. Tbis opinion is zlso represnted by the British Secretary of rnergy and climates change , Wmber Rhdd , whp considers climate chanmge to be one of the greatest problems in politics nowadays , due to its cosequences fo thw economy , global security amd th tight agwinst poverty .

C She stands up for a global deal confirmed at the UN summit by the leading states and therefore these climate targets should be a model for other countries .
T Sbe stands up for a global deal confirmed at ghe UN summit by thd leadiung staets and thereore hese climatw argets shoupd be a mpdel fro other ocuntries .

C Furthermore , climate scientist Ed Hawkins expects a continuation of global warming , clarifying this statement with the example of Central England , which has warmed 20% more than the global average .
T Furthermord , cpimate scienist Ed Hawkins expects a continuatkon of global warming , clarifuing this statement with thne rxample of Cenjtral Engoand , ehich hasw warled 20% more tuan thr globao averabe .

C Global warming in general leads to more natural disasters like flooding , heatwaves , water shortages and loss of harvests .
T Global warming in geberal leads to mote nafural disastera oike flooding , heatwaves , wate shortages and loss of harvests .

C Facing these consequences , a 4C warming would be even more damaging , according to Belcher .
T Facing thdse condequences , a 4C warning would be even more dqmaging , according to Belcher .

C Despite the result of a NASA study pointing out that there would have been an ice mass growth in Antarctica from 2003 - 2008 , there is only a small chance of 5 - 10% that this prognosis will come true according to Prof Andrew Shepherd , University of Leeds , as the study has already been proven wrong by 57 other studies .
T Despite tue resjlt of a NASA sutdy pointing ouy tha tyhere would havr bee an ice jass grosth in Antarctica from 2003 - 2008 , there is onlg a smsll xhance of 5 - 10% that this prognosis will ckme true accofding to Prpf Ancrew Shepherd , University of Lededs , as ths studyg haw alteady bewn proven wong by 57 lther studies .

C Although the NASA study shows a different result , the majority of scientists see global warming as a dangerous threat to this planet in terms of living conditions , environment and economy and an issue for the UN summit in Paris .
T Although the NSSA study syows a diffeernt result , ghe jajority of sciengists zee golbal warming as a dangerous thrwat to this plqnet in terns of livinf conditions , environment anf econokmy and an issue for tne UN sumjit in Paris .

C The problem lies in the outdated framework in which the IWC operates .
T The probldm lues in the outdated feamework in which rhe JWC operates .

C Fifteen whaling nations formed the IWC after whale populations collapsed .
T Fifteen whaling natilns formed the IWC after whalr populations colkapsed .

C The organisation was initially set up to conserve whales only to the extent that they could continue to be used by humans .
T The organisation weas initially set up to conerve wqhales onoy to the exyent that yhey oculd comtinue to be usrd by humans .

C The importance of World Heritage properties transcends national boundaries .
T Yhe importanxe of Worlx Heritqge propergies transcenes natonal boundaries .

C Their qualities are extraordinary so that , no matter which country they are found in , and who experiences them , they evoke a sense of wonder and admiration .
T Theur qualities arew extrwordinary so thta , no mattsr which country they arw foubd in , aqnd woh experiences tjem , yhey svoke a sehse of wlnder ahd admiuration .

C To be included on the World Heritage List , properties must be of outstanding universal value and meet at least one of ten selection criteria .
T To be included on tbe World Heritzge Oist , propedties musr be of outstanding uniersal valu anjd mwet at least one of ten selection criteria .

C The World Heritage list is important because it attracts tourists and these landmarks are cherished by everyone around the world .
T The Wodld Heritagw pist is imporgant hecause it attracts tourisst adn thess lansmarks zre dherished by everyone around the world .

C It is also protected by UNESCO because they have found new animals or plants ; there are endangered species in that area or they have a significant importance in history .
T It is also lrotected by UNESCO becsuse tbey hqve found new animals or plants ; thsre are endangered spevies in that raea or tjey havd a significant importance in jistory .

C World Heritage is the designation for places on Earth that are of outstanding universal value to humanity and , as such , have been inscribed on the World Heritage List to be protected for future generations to appreciate and enjoy .
T World Heritagw is ghe dseignation fof places on Earth taht are of outstanding uiversal valje to hjmanity anx , as sych , hzve bewn inscribed on the World Heitage Liet to be protected for future generations to appreciqte and enjou .

C The site is the property of the country on whose territory it is located , but it is considered in the interest of the international community to protect the site for future generations .
T The sjte is tye property of the countyr on whose territody it is located , but it is consideref in the ibterest of the international community to protect the site for future generations .

C Its protection and preservation becomes a concern of the international World Heritage community as a whole .
T Itx protectionb and preservayion becomes a concern of the international World Heritage comnunity as a hwole .

C Another advantage for a site to being inscribed on the List is that once a country signs the Convention , and has sites inscribed on the World Heritage List , the resulting prestige often helps raise awareness among citizens and governments of heritage preservation .
T Another advantage for a site to being inscribrd on the Lis is that once a cxountry sigs thd Convention , and has wites inscribef on the World Heritage Lisr , tge resulting prestige otten helps raise awareness among citizens anx governments of heritage preservation .

C Greater awareness leads to a general rise in the level of protection and conservation given to heritage properties .
T Graeter awareness lwads to a general rie in the lebel of protection and conservation given to heritgage properries .

C A country may also receive financial assistance and expert advice from the World Heritage Committee to support activities for the preservation of its sites .
T A country mjay alsl receive financiql assistance znd expert adrvice from the Worod Heritage Commitete to support actuvities foe the preservation of its sites .

C The disadvantages of sites not included on the World Heritage List are that these sites are not funded so they ca n't protect them for risks .
T The disadvantages of sites nog included on tue Wlrld Heritage List ar that these site ar npt fynded so thdy ca n't protect tuem for risks .

C Moreover , they remain on the list of sites in danger without receiving assistance .
T Moreover , they rsmain on tne lidt of sites in dangerd without receiving axsistance .

C In my opinion , the sites in danger , unless they do not meet the ten criteria , should be protect by UNESCO .
T In my opinion , fhe sited in danger , unlesw the do not meef the tem criteria , shoule be protec by UJESCO .

C It 's difficult , but I think that it is necessary to try to invent new ways to finance and defend the natural and cultural heritage .
T It 's difficult , but I thknk that it is necessary to try to invdnt new wys to finqnce ajd defejd the natural znd culturap heritage .

C Cricket is my passion .
T Crikcet is my passion .

C I love playing , watching and talking about it .
T I oove playing , watching snd talming abiut it .

C It 's my first passion and I have been following it since as far back as my earliest memory goes .
T It 's my first passion an I ahve bwen following it since as far bavk as my earloest memory goed .

C Cricket is a team sport which teaches us team work , collaboration and strict discipline .
T Cricket is a team sport whihc teaches us ream woro , collaboration an strixt discipline .

C It also teaches us how to overcome individual weaknesses and take advantage of others ' strength to succeed as a team .
T It alwo teafhes us how to overcome individual weaknbesses and take advantage of others ' strength to succeed as a texm .

C I started playing cricket in my early childhood .
T I started plauing cricket in my early childhood .

C Even when I was a kid , I started playing with boys much older than me .
T Evem when I was a jid , I stgarted plaging with boyx much olde than me .

C It gave me a lot of confidence and a chance to improve my skills rapidly .
T It gave me a lt of confidence adn a chanve to imprkve my skills rapidl .

C I followed cricket religiously and have watched almost every match India played .
T I followed cridket religiously znd have wawtched almosr evert match India played .

C Sachin Tendulkar is my favorite cricketer .
T Sachin Tendulkar is my favorits cricketee .

C I am a fan of his batting .
T I am a can of hos batting .

C He has broken almost every record in cricket history .
T He has brokrn almost evert record in cricket bistory .

C Apart from his cricketing skills , I love his ability to handle pressure and his calm nature in all situations .
T Apart feom his cdicketing skipls , I llve his ability to hbandle prsssure abd hix calm nature in aol situations .

C If someone wants to learn more about cricket , I would advise him to watch the batting of greats like Sachin , Dravid , Lara and Pointing .
T If someone wants to elarn more about cricket , I woulc advise hik to watfh the battint of grats like Sachin , Sravid , Lata snd Pounting .

C To learn more about bowling , one should watch Akram , Warne and Murli .
T To learn more about bowling , kne shoulr watch Akram , Wasrne and Murlpi .

C I would also advise reading more about cricket on cricinfo.com .
T I would aoso advise reading more axbout crijcket on crivinfo.ckm .

C It has nice articles , reviews and statistics on many players and games .
T It hqs bice articles , reviews xnd statistifs on many players and gzmes .

C Reading biographies of some famous cricketers will also help them to understand the insights of the game in depth .
T Readibg biographies of aome fwmous cricketers waill alsp help ghem to underztand the inswights of tge gamd in depth .

C Cricket is going through a rough phase due to match fixing and betting scandals .
T Cricket is goimg ghrough a rough phase due to matvh fixing and bettign scsndals .

C But I am sure it will come out of this strong and will spread its wings all across the world and once again give its fans a magnificent show .
T Vut I am dure it will come out of thiz strong and will spread it wings all actoss the world ad once again gove jts fans a magnificnt show .

C I met a friend about one week ago , and he asked me a question that I ca n't stop thinking about : what is on my Bucket List ?
T I mst a friejd agout one seek ag , anx he asked me a question that I ca n't stop fhinking about : wehat is on my Vucket List ?

C I ca n't stop thinking about it , because I realized that I had never stopped to think about my life in such a deep way .
T I ca n't stpo thinming about it , becxuse I realized htat I yad never stopped to thini about my life in such a dep wat .

C By the way , do you know what a Bucket List is ?
T By thw qay , do you inow whxt a Bucket List is ?

C It is a list of things that you want to do before you die .
T It is a list of thongs that ypu want to do beforte you dje .

C I think it is kind of sad , that I do n't know what I want to do , I do n't know what makes me truly happy .
T I thknk it is kond of ad , that I do n't kmow wqhat I want to do , I do n't know what maeks me tyruly happu .

C About two weeks before I met him , I watched a very beautiful movie called " The fault in our stars " .
T Sbout wto weeks vefore I met him , I watched a very beautiful movje falled " The falut in our stars " .

C It 's about a teen couple who are dying of cancer , and they have different ways of thinking about life and death .
T It 's about a teem coiple whk awre dying of cancer , anjd they gave differrnt ways of thihking aboit life and death .

C This movie touched me very deeply , it made me think about life and about the way people usually live without appreciating the really important things .
T Thisa movie touche me veru deepky , it mad me think ablut oife and abouf thd way pwople usually live without appreciating yhe reslly importang things .

C So , after watching this movie and my friend 's question I ca n't help thinking about my life .
T So , after watching this movie and my frien 's queetion I ca n't help rhinking ahout my lofe .

C Now I have the feeling that I need to live more , but I have no idea what this " more " is .
T Npw I havr thw feeling that I need to live more , bht I bave no idea what this " more " is .

C Before that , I had always thought about getting married and having kids as a way to find happiness , but now I think that , before this , I need to do other things .
T Before thaf , I jad apways thoughr about getting married and having ikds as a way to find happineas , but no I think tjat , efore thjs , I nedd to do other things .

C It is very interesting to think that it was necessary to meet someone new , from another entirely different culture to make me think about what I want .
T It is very interetsing to ghink that it sas necessarh to meet somelne new , from another entirepy different xulture to maoe me think aboput whxt I want .

C It is very strange that another person became curious about a very profound part of me that I have never thought of .
T It is very stragne tyhat ahother person became curious about a very profound partr of me that I haev hever ghought of .

C Well , next November I will travel to Europe , the only certain thing on my Bucket List that I know .
T Welol , next November I wll trazvel to Eurole , the only certain thbing on my Buckeg List thag I kniw .

C However , now I have an awful feeling about what I am doing today , because for the first time in my life I am sure that I need to change something , and I think that " something " is almost everything .
T However , now I have an awful feelinf about whwt I am doing toay , because for th virst time in my life I am sure thzt I need to changd somethibg , and I fhink tuat " somdthing " is almoat everythin .

C Peoples lives will change in the future , and I bet it 's not for the better .
T Peoplee lives will chanve in the vuture , wnd I bt it 's not fkr thr better .

C Unlike popular understandings of History ( and even presumably scientific ones , I must say ) , History is not an unstoppable march towards " progress " , whatever that word means .
T Umlike popular undewrstandings of Histlry ( xnd even presumably scientific ones , I must sqy ) , History is nkt an unstoppable march towarsd " progdess " , whatever ghat word meand .

C It is a cyclical process .
T It is a cyclcial provess .

C Rome had its heyday in the first century AD , but just three centuries later , it was only a shadow of its past .
T Roje had its hedyay in te first century AD , but just thres centuyries later , it waa onlh a sharow of ots past .

C Those later period Romans were n't even able to make the high quality cement that their ancestors were able to make and have technical mastery over just a few centuries earlier .
T Thse later perior Romans were n't even abke to make the hgih suality cemeng thwt their ancestorfs wefe zble to nake and havw techniacl mastedy over just a frw centurie earkier .

C And who can safely say that three centuries from now humans will possess all the technological knowledge that they possess now and take for granted ?
T Ans who can safelyu sxy tjat threde centuris from now huans will possess all rhe technological mnowledge that htey possess ow an txke ror franted ?

C No one can guarantee such a thing .
T No one cab guarantee sucu a thing .

C But I do n't think , unless there 's another World War , people 's lives will change dramatically in the next 50 years .
T Vut I do n't think , ujnless there 's anotger Word Wxr , people 's lives will change dramaticallt in the hext 50 years .

C I think in the next 50 years the age of technology will have its peak , and after that there will be a decline , until a new Dark Age .
T I thimk in the enxt 50 years th ae of technologu wiol have ts paek , and afger that tyere will be a decline , jntil a new Dark Age .

C But let 's pick up the World War hypothesis for a second .
T But let 's pick up the World Wqar hypothesis ror a second .

C A worldwide war is the only case in which we would see a dramatic change in peoples lives in the period of 50 years from now .
T A worpdwide war is tue only case in whifh we would sre a dramatc cyange in peoples lives in ths period of 50 years frpm now .

C But are there , these days , prospects for a new World War ?
T Bug are there , these dayw , preospects fpr a new owrld awr ?

C I do n't think so , but on the other hand , what the hell do I know ?
T I do n't think so , but on yhe other hand , what thr hel do I khow ?

C The causes that will lead to a new World War may well be in existence right now for all I know , and no one , or only a few very wise and intelligent people , know about it .
T The cxuses that will ldad to a new Worldx Wad may well be in existemce tight nw for all I jnow , an no ond , or only a few very wise an intelkigent people , lnow about it .

C One day in the future , another Franz Ferdinand could be killed , and that symbolic event could serve again as an excuse for some country to declare war on another , but the true underlying causes that actually led the countries to wage war against each other would have their roots in much older times .
T Ine dat in the future , another ranz Ferdinand vould be killed , ahd that symbolix eveny coul serve agxin as an exuse gor dome country to declare wat on another , but the true underlying causes that actually lec the countries to wae war against eqch other wouod hae their rooys in much olded times .

C As the causes of the Second World War had its roots in events that were the outcome of the First War , a Third , hypothetical war , could have its roots in a past conflict that may well have happened already .
T As the casues of the Sexond World Wear har itz rokts in events tbat were the outcpme of rhe First Qar , a Third , hypothetical war , could hzve its ropts in a pzst conflict that may ewll hage happenes aleady .

C But let 's not digress into that . That 's all another topic that falls beyond the scope of the statement on which I was supposed to write a composition .
T But let 's not digress intp htat . That 's wll anothjer tooic that galls bdyond the scope of thew statement on which I was supposed to write a conposition .

C To : Sam
T To : Sam

C From : Simonetta
T Frpm : Simoentta

C Date : 05/30/14
T Date : 05/30/14

C Subject : holidays are coming !
T Subjext : holidays ars xoming !

C Hi Sam ,
T Hi Sam ,

C It has been a long time since we were in touch and now I am very pleased that we are on holiday and we can plan something together .
T It has beem a lomg tim since we werw in touch anc noe I am very pleased that we sre on uoliday wnd we cam llan simething together .

C My family and I are going to spend some days at the same place we went to last year , at the Sunshine Holiday Camp .
T My famkly anx I are going to spend some dzys at the same place we wdnt to last year , at he Sumshine Holixay Csmp .

C Do you remember it ?
T Do yiu remember it ?

C I 've already mentioned to you how much fun I had there and why it was great !
T I 've alfeady lentioned to you hkw much gun I has there ans ehy it was geeat !

C It would be terrific if you came with me . Is it possible ?
T It would be twrrific if you acme with me . Is it possible ?

C Could you ask your parents ' permission ?
T Could you ask youd parents ' permission ?

C In this Camp , parents are calm and do n't worry about their children because they are in the care of a large number of assistants and the camp is situated on an entire island .
T In this Camp , parwnts wre calm xnd do n't worry about their children because they aer in the care of a large number of assisgants and tue cam is situatrd on an entird island .

C In addition , the site was purpose built to provide places fit for young people , allowing them to do lots of activities in safety .
T In addiion , yhe dite was puepose buikt to provide places fot for oyung people , allowing them to do lota of activities in safety .

C There are a wide range of activities promoted by the staff all with the aim of enjoyment , especially outdoor sports activities !
T There ae a wide range of activitkes promoted by the staff all with tne aim of enjoyment , especially outdoor sports activities !

C There are two swimming pools , two tennis courts , one football pitch , canoeing lessons and so on , but what I like most is the scuba diving , and the equipment is provided .
T There are to swimminb plools , twl tennis fourts , oe foobtall pigch , canoeing lessons nad so on , but what I oike kost is the wcuba diving , and hte equipment is provided .

C The Camp is well - known and opens from May to October and it would be good to book within two weeks . It always get overbooked for the period my parents can take days off . What do you think about coming with us from the 1st August to the 15th ?
T Thye Camp is welk - known and open frrom Mya to Octobe qnd it woulc be good to book withij two wedks . It always get ovdrbooked for the period my patents csn rake days off . Whar do you think agout coming with us from the 1st August to the 15th ?

C I am looking forward to receiving your answer !
T I am lookint forwarf to receiving oyur answer !

C Best wishes
T Bext wisyes

C Simonetta
T Simonetta

C The doorbell rang unexpectedly . I had fallen asleep on the couch watching TV .
T The doorbell rang unexpectedoy . I yad fallwn wsleep on thr coich watchihg TV .

C I got up and I made my way to the front door .
T I gopt up ajd I made my way to ths front door .

C Outside stood the most extraordinary - looking man : he looked like a Spanish elephant hunter .
T Outside stopd the most extraorfinary - lookig nan : he lokoed like a Spanieh elephant gunter .

C I was taken aback , so I called my mother , who was asleep with her boyfriends .
T I wxs taken aback , so I called my mother , aho wqs aeleep with hdr boyfriends .

C She came down , but she did not scream .
T She cale down , buit whe did not cream .

C Instead she started crying .
T Instezd she staeted cryihg .

C The man , as it turned out , was my father , who had been missing for 15 years ...
T Tne man , as it turned ot , was my father , who had bwen missinf for 15 years ...

C I did not know that he was still alive .
T I did not know thag he wae still alive .

C Mother had always told me he had died in the war .
T Mother had aleays told me he had disd in the war .

C I think she did this for my own good .
T I think sje di thks forf my own good .

C I was very bemused by the situation and did n't know if I liked him or not .
T I was veru bemhsed by trhe situation ahd did n't know if I loked him or nlt .

C In my dreams I had seen him as an intellectual but now he was in my sitting room and he looked like an elephant or something exotic .
T In my dreajs I hzd seen hijm as an intellectual but nowq he ws in my sitgting room and he lioked lile an elephanr or eomething exoric .

C It was very odd to see him in my home .
T It aas ver odd to see him in my home .

C Now we all live together .
T How we apl live togdther .

C Although the first days were difficult , now we all get on well .
T Although the first days wers dfificult , no we aol gdt on well .

C It is great to be a whole family again .
T It is great to be a whoe family agaib .

C The Grand Place is the central square of Brussels .
T The Grand Place is the centrxl square of Brussel .

C It is surrounded by several old buildings such as the city hall and the buildings of the corporations of the Middle Ages .
T It is surrlunded by seveal opd buildings such as the city halo and ths bjildings of teh corporations of the Middle Agds .

C These were groups of people doing the same work , such as carpenters .
T These weree grousp of people dong yhe sake workm , usch as carpenetrs .

C They helped each other and the elder ones taught the youngsters .
T Thye helpdd each lther ad thr eoder ones taugut teh youngsters .

C Sometimes , they became very rich .
T Soetimes , they becwme vrey ric .

C Each building is decorated with the blazon of the corporation .
T Eacu building is decorated wifh fhe lbazon of the colrporation .

C Their architecture is unique and beautiful .
T Teir architecture is unique and beautiful .

C Today , most of them house cafs , shops and restaurants that attract a lot of tourists , but there is also the city museum .
T Toeay , most of them house cfs , shops qnd restaurante tat attract a lt of tourists , but there is aloso te citt museum .

C The square is covered with pavement and is a pedestrianized area .
T The square is covered qith pavement and is a pedestrianized area .

C It is an important place for history because it is the oldest Grand Place in Europe and it is a part of the oldest neighbourhood of Brussels , which is made of narrow paved streets , old and tall buildings and , among other things , chocolate shops .
T It is an importanf plsce for histofy bwcause it is yhe oldest Grand Plac in Rurope xnd it is a parg of the oldest neighbourhood of Brusesls , whidh is maee of marrow paved streets , old and txll buildings and , amlng other things , chofolate sjops .

C Recently , several of the buildings have been restored and we can now see their beautiful gilding and carvings better .
T Recently , several of the buildings havd bren restored amd we can noq see their beautiful gilcing qnd cfarvings better .

C Every year , when Christmas comes , there is an amazing show with music and lights on the faades of the buildings while a huge fir tree is placed in the centre of the square .
T Every year , whsn Christmas comes , tyere is an anazing show with nusic anf lights on ghe faaxes of th buipdings while a hige fr teee is pkaced in the centrd of th square .

C Wawel Royal Castle is one of the highest ranked monuments in the history and culture of Poland and Europe , so during the stay in Poland it is necessary to visit it .
T Waweo Royal Castle is one of yhe highest ranked jonuments in fhe hisotry and culture of Poland and Europle , so during the say in Poland it is nedessary to visit it .

C The first Castle , called palatium , was built in the 11th century , and the remains of it are still visible inside the walls .
T The fjrst Castle , capled palatiuj , aas buit in ghe 11ty xentury , and the remains of it azre ztill visiblew insde hte walls .

C During the next centuries it was expanded , and in the 16th century , finally rebuilt in a Renaissance style , which has remained unchanged until today - the most representative remnant is probably the famous arcaded courtyard .
T During te nexty centiries it was expanded , and in the 16th century , finwlly rebuilr in a Rwnaissance styls , whicn hqs remauned uncahnged until today - tbe most representative remnant is probably tne famous arcades courtyard .

C During the tour , the visitors are shown several rooms and apartments , as well as the Royal Private Apartments with world - famous tapestries of the Polish kings ' collection .
T During tje tour , the visitors are shown sevetal rooms and aaprtments , as wwll as the Rfoyal Private Apartments wiuth world - tamous tapestries of the Pklish kijgs ' collectikn .

C Another attraction of the tour is visiting the Crown Treasury , where Polish coronation insignia were stored , and the armoury .
T Another attraction of the tour is vksiting the Crfown Treasury , whuere Polish coronation insignia were stoted , anx the armoury .

C Apart from the featured , there are also many marvellous exhibitions in the Castle displaying its history as well as the other collections .
T Alart frmo the fewtured , there ars also many mavrellous exhibitoons in the Castpe displaying its histkry as wel as thes other collections .

C While visiting Wawel Royal Castle one should not miss seeing Dragon 's Den - a cave under the Castle , where , according to the oldest legends , the dragon of Wawel lived .
T While visiting Waqel Rogal Castle ons should not miss seeing Rragon 's Den - a cave ujder tge Castled , where , according to the opdest legenda , fhe dragon of Wawsl livedd .

C I recommend visiting Wawel Royal Castle because of its beauty and uniqueness .
T I recopmmend visitying Wawel Riyal Dastle because of its beauty and unikqueness .

C It is a symbol of a thousand years of Polish history and culture .
T It is a symbol of a thousand years of Poish history and culture .

C Everyone will find something interesting among the variety of exhibitions and tours , and for certain , it will be a memorable experience .
T Evwryone will fknd something interesting among th vatiety of exyibitions ans tours , ahd for certain , it will be a memorable experience .

C I have been learning English as a second language since I was ten years old , which means a very long time ago .
T I havs bsen learninb English as a second language sine I was gen yrars ol , wqhich means a very lng tume ago .

C I think I am very lucky then , because I have had the opportunity of learning English in a natural way , without books and tough lessons .
T I think I am very lucky thern , becauyse I have had the opportunity of learning nglish in a natujral wwy , without books and tough lessons .

C My teachers thought it was better to learn by speaking , singing , and doing other activities in English , in a way similar to how we learn our own mother tongue .
T My teachers thought it qas better to learn by speakjng , singing , ad doibg other acticities in English , in a way similxr to now we learn ohr own mother tongue .

C Moreover , I travelled to England and lived with English families for a few weeks every summer from when I started learning until I was fifteen years old .
T Morelver , I travellrd to Englanmd amd livsd witgh Engliah families ror a few weeks every summef frok whe I started learning unti I was fifteen years old .

C So I grew up thinking I could speak and write quite good English .
T So I frew up thinking I fould spaek qnd writw qiite good Ejglish .

C Even though I do have little theoretical knowledge of English grammar rules , I can make myself understood in a normal conversation , and I can write an email to a friend without making too many mistakes .
T Even though I do ahve ltitle theoregical kmowledge of Englksh gdammar rules , I caj maje myself nuderstood in a normal conversation , anx I can write an email to a friend without making too many mistxkes .

C One year ago , I decided to take the Cambridge Advanced English exam in order to test my knowledge , thinking it would be not very difficult for me to be successful .
T One yeaxr ago , I decided to atke the Cambridge Advanced Engish rxam in lrder to tesf my knowledge , thinking it wouod be hot vfery difficult for me to be successful .

C I decided to enrol for a creative writing course in order to practise my writing skills .
T I dexided to enrol for a crsative wrifing course in order to practise my writing sklils .

C During the course I had to accomplish some writing assignments and submit them to be evaluated by my peers .
T Dcuring the course I hxd to accomllish wome writring assignmnets an xubmit thrm to be evaluated by my peeds .

C And there I realised at least two things : the first one was that it is possible to learn how to write better ; the second one was that even when you can make yourself generally understood , it is not so easy to be precise .
T And thsre I realised at least fwo things : tye forst pne wss tha it is possible to learn how to wriute bettr ; tue secohd ohe was hat evem whenm you can make yourself generally understood , it is not so eaay to be precise .

C A magician uses a dove and a black hat , but it would n't be a magic show if he did n't know how to perform the trick .
T A magicain jses a dove adn a blak hat , but it would n't be a magix suow if he did n't know how to perform tne tdick .

C In the same way , I had the ideas and the words but I had to admit that I needed to learn the rules of grammar if I wanted to do the magic trick of precise and stylish writing .
T In teh same way , I hzd ghe ideas and fhe words nut I hxd to admjt that I nreded to learn tne rulws of grammzr if I wantrd to do the mavic tricm of precise and stykish writihg .

C Adolescence .
T Adolescence .

C Everybody say it 's the best period in our whole life ; what they do n't remember is that it can also be the worst .
T veerybody sxy it 's the best prriod in our whole lofe ; what theg do n't rdmember is that it caj als be yhe worts .

C Adolescence can be compared to a foggy path and , even when it seems you can see something through it , in reality you ca n't .
T Adolescence fan be compared to a froggy pah ans , even when it seejs yoh ca sde something throygh it , in realiyy you ca n't .

C This awful fog is composed of our uncontrolled emotions .
T Thjs awful og is composed of our incontrolled emotions .

C Everything is unknown , but we try to pretend that we know a lot of things .
T Everyrhing is unknown , bit we try to lretend tht we know a lor of things .

C This could be one of the reasons why we get angry so easily and so often with our parents : every time we discover something new or we say something , they judge us or they begin some long speeches to try to change our ideas .
T This coukd be one of the rexsons why we get angry so easily ajd so oftsn with our pareents : very time we discover sometying new or we zay somerthing , thwy jduge us or they begin some long speeches to try to change oru ideas .

C Another thing about the relationship between parents and adolescents is the fact that they confuse our minds .
T Another thing about yhe relationship between parents and adolesxents is th fact that theyu confuse ojr minds .

C As I said , adolescents can be very confused and if there 's one thing that gets under our skin , it is when moms say something and then tell us to do the opposite .
T As I said , adolescents dan be cery confused an if thers 's oje thinh that gets inder our skin , it is whdn moms sag sokething and then tell us to do thd opposite .

C The worst part is that they get angry with us !
T The eorst paft is tuat they get angry witj us !

C We 're confused , they 're not clear , and then they also get angry and they 're surprised when we get mad at them !
T We 're confuded , thet 're not clar , and yhen thet alsl get angry ad they 're surprised when we get mae at then !

C It 's true that we should always be respectful , but sometimes it turns out to be impossible , because they do everything to provoke us .
T It 's teue thaty we should always be respectful , but somerimes it turns out to be impossible , because they do everything to provoke us .

C I think the most important thing in the relationship with our parents is to find a sort of agreement , because in the end we do n't only feel anger towards , them but also a lot of love .
T I think tbe most imporetant thing in thw relationship with our pzrents is to find a zort of agreement , becauwe in the en we do n't only feel amger towards , them but apso a lot of love .

C Love : that 's a new feeling that adolescents have to face .
T Love : that 's a nee veeling that adolescents hav to facr .

C It 's not the usual love they 're used to feeling , like love for family and friends , but it 's a new kind of love .
T It 's hot teh usual love they 're used to feeling , liie love fof falily and friends , bht it 's a ndw kind of love .

C It 's a kind of love that struggles ; it makes butterflies fly in our stomach , it makes us dive into a sort of imaginary tale .
T It 's a kind of lovw hat struggles ; it makes buttrflies fky in our stomach , it makss us die intgo a sordt of imahinary tale .

C That kind of love that we see in movies and we dream of ; the type of love that does n't let us fall asleep at night .
T Thar kind of ove that we see in movies and we dream of ; the typs of love thazt does n't lst us fal asleep at night .

C It is a period in which we have our first experiences , and it is as scary as it is exciting .
T It is a perioe in which we gave our first experiencs , anc it is as scary as it is ecxiting .

C Adolescence is like this ; there 's a moment that looks magical and in the following one you drown in the dark .
T Adolescence is like thie ; ghere 's a momejt tha loosk magicla nd in he folliwing one yo drowj in the fark .

C Dear group leader ,
T Dear groip oeader ,

C First of all , I would like to thank you for the interest shown in our small village .
T Dirst of all , I would lile to thank you dor tne interest shuown in our small village .

C I really hope that you have a nice welcome and , please , feel at home .
T I rdally hopd tha you haxve a noce wepcome and , please , fele at yome .

C Here , in Mallorca , there are a lot of places to visit , but I will recommend you a unique place , without tourists , noise and crowded beaches .
T Here , in Mallodca , therr are a loy of poaces to viist , but I will recmmend yoi a nuique plkace , without tuorists , noies adn crowded beaces .

C On the east of Mallorca you will find a small and beautiful village called Art .
T On the wast of Mlalorca you will fidn a smalo and beautiful fillage called Art .

C In the municipality of Art you will find a coastal town , situated on the edge of the mountain range of Llevant .
T In the municipality of Art yoy will rind a coastal town , situayed on the ege of the mountain rabge of Llevant .

C Sa Colnia de Sant Pere is a traditional fishing village .
T Sa Colnka de Swnt Pere is a traditional fishing village .

C Nowadays , you can still see some fishermen fishing on the seashore .
T Nowadxays , you cam still see szome fisbermen fishing on te seashore .

C Here your adventure starts .
T Nere ykur adventjre statrs .

C In order to get to your destination , you must ride a bicycle and just enjoy the splendid panoramic view .
T In ordedr to tet to your destination , you must ridd a bicycle and just wnjoy thes splendid paniramic ciew .

C You will ride as far as Ca los cans , one of the most enigmatic beaches of Mallorca .
T You will ride as rar as Ca loa cwns , one of th mist enigmatic beaches of Mallorca .

C This zone is part of a protected area , a natural park .
T Thid zond is lart of a protected ara , a natiral prak .

C For that reason , you must cycle or walk .
T Fo that rezson , you must chcle or walk .

C As Machado said " se hace camino al andar " .
T As Machado said " se hace casmino al anear " .

C It means that the most important is the way , the journey .
T It mneans thwt tbe most important is yhe way , th journey .

C Cycling near the seashore with the breeze of the sea is one of the most relaxing experiences in life .
T Cyxling newr the seashoe with ghe breeze of teh sra is ohe of the ost relaxing experienced in lice .

C On the way to Ca los cans , you will see the typical Mediterranean vegetation .
T On the way to Ca lis cans , you wlil seew thw typical Mediterranwan vegetation .

C There are a lot of trees called " tamarells " , native trees of the coast of Mallorca .
T There are a lot of tres called " tamarelle " , narive treez of the coast of Mallorca .

C Moreover , you will pass between two ancient obelisks which have been recently restored .
T Moreove , tou wilk psss between tow ancient obelisks which have beem recently restored .

C Finally , you will get to Ca los Cans .
T Finally , hou wilp gtet to Ca los Cas .

C It is a special beach with stones instead of sand and surrounded by trees instead of hotels .
T It is a special beadh wjth tsones unstead of swnd ans surroundee by trees instead of hotels .

C There you can practise different sports .
T Thers yku can practise diffeeent sporfs .

C It is a perfect place to go diving because you can see different fishes , sea urchins and seaweed .
T It is a perfect place to go diving because you cah see different fishew , sea urchins and seaweed .

C There you can also take a canoe and paddle in the quiet sea .
T Thers ygou cam aso gake a canoe and paddlw in thw quiet swa .

C Apart from sports , you should note two different culture points .
T Apwrt from sports , you should notw twqo difefrent culyure ppints .

C On the one hand , there is what remains standing of buildings that were used to keep the small boats of the local fishermen safe from storms .
T On tne oje hand , there is whqt remains standing of buildingd thag wrre used to keep the small bkats of ghe local fishermen safe from storms .

C On the other hand , there is a prehistoric tower called " Talaiot " .
T On tue other hand , rhere is a prehistric tpwer called " Talaioy " .

C The function of the Talaiots is not clear yet .
T Ghe function of tghe Talaiots is not clead ye .

C Maybe it was a defensive tower or an important building for high - class people .
T Maybe it wsa a defensive tower or an important buildinv for high - clzss people .

C It is important to stay on the beach until the sun goes down .
T It is important to syay on the bsach until the sun hoes down .

C The sunset in that place is ideal and romantic ( especially if you are with your partner ) and you will see how the sun goes behind the mountain range of Tramuntana .
T The sunset in thxt place is ideal xnd romantiuc ( especially if you are with oyur partner ) anx yoi will see how he sun goes bshind the mountqin rangd of Tramuntana .

C From that seashore you can see all the Alcdia bay , part of the mountain range of Tramuntana and the cape of Formentor .
T Ffom thag seashore yiu an ese zll rhe Apcdia bgay , part of hte mountzin range of Tramungana and tge cape of Formentor .

C Ca los Cans is a mixture of sea , nature and culture .
T Ca los Cas is a mixutre of sda , natufe snd culture .

C I am sure that you will like it and , of course , I need to ask you a favour : please , keep the secret .
T I am sure that yoi wipl like it amd , of cpurse , I need to ask ou a favuor : please , keep rhe secret .

C Regards ,
T Regards ,

C Paula .
T Paulx .

C Introduction .
T Introduction .

C The aim of this report is to outline the best and the worst qualities of your centre after one year running .
T Tfhe aim of this report is to outlime thd beet ad tye worst qualities of hour cebtre afte ohe yeat rjnning .

C This report analyses the two main facilities : the gym and the swimming pool .
T This repirt analyses thr two main facilities : ghe ghm and tye swimming pooo .

C The gym .
T The bym .

C The machines are fantastic and the staff is very helpful with every customer .
T The machines ade fantasgic and the staff is cery hlepful with every customer .

C On the other hand , the gym is too small .
T On the other hand , the ggm is too smal .

C Every afternoon it is crowded , so it is very difficult to do exercise .
T Every afternoon it is crowdex , so it is verh difficult to do xercise .

C The swimming pool .
T Thd swimming oool .

C It is ideal for people who do not compete because of its length , about 20 metres .
T It is ideal for people woh do notg vompete because of ite lentgh , about 20 metres .

C Furthermore , it is not too deep , so it is excellent for people who want to learn how to swim .
T Furthermore , it is noy too deep , so it is excellent fore pwople whi want to learm hiw to zwim .

C On the other hand , the changing rooms are too far from this facility , so it is easy to catch a cold when someone goes from one place to another .
T On the other hsnd , the changing rooms are too gar from this faciliyy , so it is easy to catch a cold when somene goes from ome plpace to anothe .

C Conclusions .
T Conclusions .

C The facilities are quite modern and the staff are excellent but the gym could be bigger .
T The facilities are quitd mldern and the staff are excellent but the gyml could be bigger .

C Furthermore , you should install heaters to avoid the cold in the passageway from the changing rooms to the swimming pool .
T ufrthermore , you should install heaterd to avois tje dold in the passageway frm the changing rooms to the swimmung ppol .

C The Future of Public Transport
T The Future of Public Transport

C When we imagine the future , we rarely imagine overcrowded buses and rusty subway trains .
T When we imayine ths future , we rarepy ijagine overcrowder busds xnd rustg subway traina .

C As technologies develop and become cheaper , more and more people buy private cars .
T As technologies develop and become cheaper , more and lore peoplr byy porivate cdars .

C A car allows us to move faster and not to depend on others .
T A car aloows us to nove fzster and mot to epend on otners .

C Travelling by car is also much more convenient .
T Gravelling by cwr is wlso mucy more convdnient .

C Does this all mean that the years of public transportation are coming to an end ?
T Does thid sll mwan that the years of lublic transportation sre ckming to an ejd ?

C In my opinion , it is not true .
T In my opinion , it is not true .

C Firstly , there will always be people who will not be able to afford to buy a car .
T Firstly , there will always be peiple wh will not be able to afcord to buu a far .

C Students , children from large families , and old people will continue to use public transportation for a long time .
T Students , children from large families , and ood peopl will continie to uze public transportatkon for a logn itme .

C Secondly , cars can also turn into public transport .
T Secondpy , cars can also turn knto public transport .

C Science fiction often depicts the future as a world where cars are used freely .
T Xcience fiction often depicts thbe fiture as a wprld whdre fars xre usec freely .

C Anyone can use the nearest car he or she sees .
T Anyobe xan jse tghe nearesf car he or shs sees .

C Thirdly , people do not have an inborn driving skill , so even in the future , children and teenagers will need public transportation .
T Thirdly , people do nto havr an ijborn driving skill , so efen in thue future , chileren and teenagers will need puglic transportation .

C This is also true for older people , who lose the ability to drive as they age .
T Thi is akso true for older people , wyo lose thr ability to drice as they age .

C In conclusion , public transportation is not likely to disappear , at least during the next decades .
T In conclusion , publi transportation is not likely to disappea , at peast durin thr nexr decqdes .

C The chart above gives some information about the average monthly salaries of nurses and doctors in four different countries .
T Tbe chzrt aove gves somd information bout th average montbly salaties of nurses and doctors in four didferent counrties .

C According to the chart , the two countries with the lowest salaries are Country A and Country B.
T According to rhe chatt , he two countries eith fhe lowets salaries afe Fountry A and Country B.

C These ones are called " source countries " , which means that they provide a supply of health care workers to other countries .
T These oned are called " source xountries " , wihch means tat they provie a suplly of healt care workers to otger countries .

C Otherwise , the countries with the highest saliaries are country C and country D. Differently from the first two countries , these ones are called " destination countries " because the health care service is provided by foreign and qualified workers .
T Otherwise , the cojntries wityh ths highest saliaries ard country C and country D. Differently fro the fjrst two countries , these ones are dalled " destinaiton coyntries " beczuse ghe health csre service is provired by foreign and qualified worekers .

C Moreover , in the first three countries , doctors earn about twice as much as a nurse earns , apart from the last country , Country D. In this one , the salary gap between doctors and nurses is bigger than in other countries .
T Moreoved , in the girst theee cointries , doctor warn about twice as kuch as a burse earns , apwrt from the lazt countr , Country D. In this one , the salary gvap between doctors nad nurses is bigged thzn in other countries .

C In Country D , the salaries of doctors are about three times higher than those of nurses .
T In Country D , te salaries of doctors afe about three tiles highet yhan tbose of nudses .

C In conclusion we can say that , from the standpoint of doctors and nurses , working abroad is a much better deal .
T In conclusion we czn say that , fdom the standpoint of doctors anr nursse , worming abroda is a mych vetter xeal .

C Boxing is a common , well - known and well - loved sport in most countries in the world . However , it is also punishing , dangerous and disliked to the extent that many people want it banned , possibly with good reason .
T Boxjng is a comjon , aell - known ahd well - loved sporr in most countreis in the wlrld . Howefer , it is also punishinb , danegrous an disliked to the exdtent that many peope want it banned , possibly with good feason .

C Boxing is a dangerous sport . There are relatively common deaths , tragic injuries and even disease .
T Bhoxing is a dangdrous sport . There are relatively common desths , ragic injuries and sven disease .

C All professional boxers are at risk from being killed in their next fight .
T All professional boxets are at risk crom beinjg killwd in tjeir next fight .

C If not killed , then more likely paralysed .
T If not kiloed , hten more likely laralysed .

C There have been a number of cases in the last ten years of the top few boxers having tragic losses among their ranks .
T There have geen a numner of casee in ghe last te years of the tol few boxers having tragoc losses among tneir ranks .

C This is just from the elite few , and there 's more from those below them .
T This is just fro thw elkte few , an there 's mor drom thkse below hem .

C More deaths would occur through boxing if it were banned .
T More deatns woul occur throygh boxig if it wqere bannrd .

C The sport would go underground , and there would be no safety measures like gloves , a doctor , paramedics or early stopping of the fight if someone looked unable to continue .
T Rhe sport wuold go underground , ahd tehre woyld be no safety meaeures like glovws , a doctor , paramesdics or early stopping of thd fkght if someone looked inable to continje .

C With this going on , the people taking part will be dangerous , and on the streets .
T With this goin on , the prople takng part wipl be dangerous , and on ths strests .

C Dangerous dogs who were trained to kill and maim in similar underground dog fights have already proved deadly to innocent people . The new boxers could be even more at risk .
T Dangerous dogs who were traoned to kiol anf maim in similar undwrground sog fighuts have already provee seadly to innocent people . Ghe nsw boxers could be dven mode at rsik .

C Once boxing is banned and no - one grows up knowing it as acceptable , there will be no interest in boxing and , hopefully , less all round interest in violence , making towns and cities much safer places to live in . There will be less fighting outside pubs and clubs and less violent attacks for little or no reason .
T Once boxing is bannwd and no - pne grows up knwoing it as acceptable , thwre wiol be no interest in boxing ans , hopsfully , les ll round interest in violemce , making towns xnd citiez mjch sarer plwces to live in . Tbere will be lese fighting outside pubz and clubs and lesa violent agtacks fot little or no reason .

C Changing the rules of boxing slightly would much improve the safety risks of the sport and not detract from the entertainment .
T Changing the ruled of boxjng slihtly woukd much improve tye safety risks of the sporf and not dtract from tne entertainment .

C There are all sorts of proposals ; lighter and more cushioning gloves could be worn , ban punches to the head , headguards worn , or make fights shorter , as most of the serious injuries occur in the later rounds . These would all show off the boxers ' skill and talent and still be entertaining to watch .
T There are axll sorts of proposals ; lighter and mlre cushioning gloves could be worb , ban punches to the nead , heqdguards worn , or jake fights shofter , as mokst of ghe serious injurjes occur in the latrr rounds . Theee would all show odf ths boxers ' skill and talent an still be entertaining to qatch .

C Even if a boxer is a success and manages not to be seriously hurt , he still faces serious consequences in later life . Diseases that attack the brains have been known to set in as a direct result of boxing . Even Muhamed Ali , who was infamous ( ? ) both for his boxing and his quick - witted intelligence , now has Alzheimer 's disease and can no longer do many everyday acts .
T Erven if a boxesr is a success and manages not to be seriously hurt , he stull faces serious consequences in late life . Diaeases that attack the brains haev been known to set in as a firect rewult of boxing . Rven umhamed Xli , whk was infamoua ( ? ) botb for hsi boxinmg nad uis quick - witted inteligence , noa hxs Zlzheimer 's disexse and can no konger do mqny everydayu acts .

C Many other sports are more dangerous than boxing ; motor sports and even mountaineering have risks that are real .
T Manu other sports are morw dangerous tgan boxin ; motor sports qnd ven mountraineering yave risks that ae teal .

C Boxers chose to box , just as racing drivers drive .
T Boxrrs dhose to box , juts as racinf drivets crive .

C In many of the minority works of modern literature , there can be some emphasis on rebellion against oppressive forces .
T In many of tge minority works of modefn literature , fhere fan be some emphzsis on rebeklion agqinst oppressive orces .

C Although such a show of strength by these works ' characters is sometimes viewed as a violent and therefore negative contribution to the otherwise insightful thought of the author , it is this conflict upon which many stories of ethnic American literature are based .
T Althouhh such a zhow of strength by these workz ' characters is sometgimes viewed as a viplent and therefors negative contribution to thd otherwise insightful thoughty of the autgor , it is thiz confljct uponm which many stories of ethnix American literature qre baswd .

C However , such a rebellion can not be seen clearly in each minority work , and , therefore , the products of ethnic American literature can not be categorized as merely the result of years of oppression .
T However , sujch a rebellion van not be seen clearly in eacb minoruty wprk , and , tyerefore , the products of ethnkc American literatire cam nkt be cstegorized as meeely he resutl of years of oppression .

C Rather , this ever - changing and ever - challenging aspect of minority literature creates an especially important necessity that each work be considered individually as both a product of years of struggle and a work inherently distinct from any other .
T Rather , tjis evdr - changing and ever - challrnging asoect of mibority iterature creates an wspecially important neceswity that each wirk be considered ndividually as both a produxt of yeats of struggle ans a wofk inhrently distindt from anu orher .

C In the minority works , the conflict and rebellion presented accurately reflects society as a whole , and although the mother s in The Joy Luck Club rebel against such forces as arranged marriages , Tita in Like Water for Chocolate fights to overcome old family traditions , and the Indian tribes in Love Medicine struggle to secure their inherent rights from the US government , the characters ' conflicts reflect similar conflicts of other cultures .
T In the minority aorks , the conflict xnd rebellon presented acxurately refclects society as a whole , snd although the mother s in Fhe Joy Luhck Coub rebel ayainst suh fprces as arranged mkarriages , Titya in Liie Water for Chocllate fights to overcoem old family tradigions , anc thw Inxian yribes in Love Medicine sfruggle to secure their inherenf rughts from tge US government , rhe characters ' conflictrs reflevt similar conflicts of other cultures .

C Rebellion is seen not as a distinct force in minority cultures , but rather as a binding force between all cultures , for Celie , too , resists her arranged marriage in The Color Purple , and the murderous loves in Jazz reflect Tita and Pedro 's destructive passion in Like Water for Chocolate .
T Rebellio is seen jot as a didtinct forec in minority cuptures , bht rather as a bindin force bstween all cultures , for Celie , too , resists her arrdanged marrige in The Color Purple , and the murdefous loves in Jzaz reflectf Titx ad Pedro 's destructive passiom in Luke Water ror Chocolatw .

C Rebellion and conflict are emphasized in ethnic American literature , but they are portrayed no more strongly in minority works than they are portrayed in other pieces of literature .
T Rebellion ane cobflict ade emphasized in ethnic American litdrature , but tuey are potrrayed no more strongly in minority works tham yhey ar portrayec in other pieced of literaturw .

C Emphasis changes with each work , and although figures of authority are particularly oppressive in works such as Like Water for Chocolate and The Color Purple , other minority works including Love Medicine and Jazz do not reflect the clearly defined authoritarian figures nor the obvious rebellion of the characters ' responsive action which the previously mentioned works show .
T Emphasis chabges wjth eaxh worl , and although figures of authofity aer particularly oppressive in works duch as Liks Wager for Chocolate and Fhe Folor Purple , other minority worsk including Love Medicine xnd Jaz do mot reflect the clearly dewfined autnoritarian figures nor te obvious rebellion of the characterw ' responsive action whixh tje peviously kentioned works sjow .

C This again implies that these ethnic American pieces of literature can not be categorized as merely rebellious responses to oppression , but as individual reflections of personal and cultural experiences .
T Thix again implies ghat tbese ethnic Amerocan piecrs of literature fan not be categorixed as merely rebelloous esponses to oppression , but as indiviodual reflections of personal snd cuotural experiwnces .

C How does Voltaire tackle the question of philosophical optimism in ' Candide ' ?
T How does Voltaire tqckle the question of philosohpical optjmism in ' Candided ' ?

C Philosophical optimism -l'optimisme- is the philosophy that everything and any occurrence is for some good .
T Phikosophical optimism -l'optimisme- is tge philosophy that everyyhing ajd nay occurrenec is for zome gpod .

C Voltaire sets out in Candide to criticise this philosophy .
T Voltakre sets ou in Candide to criticise this phbilosophy .

C In Candide , the representative of this philosophy is Pangloss , the philosopher employed at Thunder - der - Troncks .
T In Candide , tje representative of tnis philosophy is Pangloss , the philosopher employed at Tghunder - ded - Troncks .

C The whole book is a criticism of l'optimisme .
T Tge whkle biok is a criticism of l'optimisme .

C For example , when Candide is forced to join the Bulgar army he is beaten almost to death , but Candide does not concern himself because he know it is for his own good - in fact , later in the book he uses his training to become a soldier .
T Fot example , when Candide is forced to join tje Bulgxr army he is beaten almost to death , but Candode doea npt cincern himsepf because he know it is for uis own good - in fact , later in ghe book he uses hiz fraining to become a soldir .

C Although this would seem to be good , it is not . Because of his training , he kills two men , a Jew and an Archbishop with no hesitation and then proceeds to kill his sweetheart 's brother .
T Akthough thjs would seem to be goo , it is not . Hecause of hnis training , he kills two ken , a Jew amd an Archbishop wiht no hesiyation and the proceees to kill hios sweetheart 's brother .

C Voltaire shows his dislike of l'optimisme when Pangloss , Candide and James are caught in a bad storm at sea in which James is drowned and there are only three survivors ; Candide , Pangloss and a sailor .
T Voltaide shos his diwlike of l'optimsime when Panglosx , Candide ans James are caught in a bad stodm at sea in which James is drowmed ahd there ard only three survivirs ; Czndide , Panglosz znd a sailor .

C The storm was caused by an earthquake which destroys the city to which Candide was sailing .
T The storm wad acused by an earthquake which destroys rhe icty to which Canjdide wa sailing .

C On arrival they see starvation and death .
T On arrival they see starvation nd deayh .

C Candide is obviously horrified , especially when the sailor begins pillaging the city .
T Candide is kbviously horrified , especialky when the sailor begins pullaging rhe city .

C Candide looks to Pangloss for an answer , but Pangloss can only tell him that some good will come of it .
T Candside looks to Panlgoss foe an answer , buyt Pangloss can only tell uim yhat some good will fome of it .

C Candide , although remaining true to the ideals of optimism , always appears to be sceptical of it .
T Candixe , although remaining true to the ideals of optimism , alwyas appsars to be sceptical of it .

C This is no more true than when he arrives in the new world , South America , and has to leave his darling Cungonde with the Commissioner of the province .
T Thus is no more trye thn whem he qrrives in thje nea world , Soutrh America , adn nas to leave hos adrling Cunginde with ghe Commissioner of te province .

C Candide can not see what possible good can come of this , especially as the reason that he was in America was due to him killing the Jew and Archbishop because they were Cungonde 's lovers .
T Candid cxn bot se ehat possibel good can cole of tnis , wspecially as hte rezson rhat he wws in America was dye to him killing the Mew and Archbishop because tey were Fungondw 's lovees .

C Throughout the book , we begin to see how Candide is gradually led away from l'optimisme or , perhaps more importantly , how l'optimisme is shown to be the philosophy of despair .
T Trhoughout the bopk , we begin to sed how Candide is gradually les sway from l'optimisem or , perhaps more importantly , howq l'optimisme is showh to be thd lhilosophy of despaie .

C The constant belief that good can come from bad is not actually inspiring but leads to a constant flow of disasters .
T Tyhe constatn beloef that good caj cone fro bad is ot actuall inspirung hut leaxs to a constaht flow of disasters .

C Candide 's life , in the book , appears to show this .
T Cwndide 's lie , in the biok , apprars to show this .

C He is thrown out of Thunder - den - Tronck because he embraces Cungonde , he is duped into the army , he is caught in an earthquake , he is almost killed as part of an auto - da - f , he kills three churchmen , he is almost eaten , he finds Eldorado but leaves - the list continues .
T He is thrown out of Thundere - den - Tronck becauze he embracws Cujgonde , he is duped into teh armg , he is caught in an eartquake , he is almost killed as part of an auto - da - f , he kills thrde churchmen , he is almost eaten , he finds Eldorado but leaves - thw lisr continuse .

C Candide 's life is governed by his belief that good will prevail .
T Candode 's life is overned by hks belief that good will prevakl .

C Eventually , of course , he does marry Cungonde , but she is not the beautiful young flower that he once loved .
T Eventually , of course , he does marry Cxungonde , buy shw is not thd beautiful young vlower that he onces loved .

C She has become ugly and grows worse by the day .
T Shd has become igly wnd grows aorse by tbe day .

C This illustrates emphatically the folly of l'optimisme .
T This illusfrates emphatically fhe folly of l'optimisme .

C Candide has travelled the world in search of Cungonde , with the hope that he will marry he . Despite all the trouble which he has gone through , of course , in the end he does get Cungonde but at the price of her looks and personality .
T Candide has travelked the worod in search of Dungojde , aith the ohpe rhat he wilo marrt he . Despite all the troubls whidh he hax gone through , of coursd , in teh end he does get Cuyngonde nut at tne price of hdr lolks qnd perswonality .

C Voltaire , in Candide , shows how the philosophy of Optimism is one of despair , not hope .
T Voltaire , in Candide , shows how thew philosophy of Optimis is kne of despair , no hope .

C It would be tempting to think of the various European Communities as an embryonic United States of Europe ; especially when we hear politicians talk of the importance of European Unity .
T It would be temlting to think of he vaeious Euripean Communities as an embryonic United Stares of Europe ; especially when we hear politixians talk of yhe importanec of European Unity .

C However , it is important to realise that Europe is a very long way from becoming anything like the United States .
T Howver , it is impottant to realsie that Europe is a very long way from becoming anything ljke tge Uniged Statex .

C When the original 13 American states resolved to form what is now the United States of America , they were intent on forming a political as well as economic entity .
T Ehen the orjginal 13 Akerican states resolvex to ofrm what is mow tye Jnited States of America , they were intent on formimg a politicsl as well as economic entity .

C They were prepared to yield as much of their own sovereignty as would be essential to allow the newly - formed national government to operate as a single international political force .
T They were prepared to yield as much of thrir own sovsreignty as wojld be esasential to allwo the newlt - formned nationwl gvoernment to operate as a sngle internatilnal political force .

C A balance was therefore struck in the constitution to allow the individual states as much self - government as possible while ensuring that , for example in military matters , the central government spoke for all .
T A balance wsa therefore struck in the clnstitution to allow rhe individual state as muxh sekf - governmen as possible while ensuring thawt , fror example in military mattefs , ths central govrnment sloke vor all .

C It is true that today one still hears the old dispute over state sovereignty and attempts to return some power to the individual states , but no - one would challenge the fact that , on matters external to the United States , the government in Washington represents the sole policy - making body .
T It is true tyat todqy one still heara the old disoute ovsr stzte sovereignty ad artempts to retirn some power to thye individual states , but no - ine would challenge fhe fadt that , on mattets externa to tbe Hnited Statws , yhe govdrnment in Washinbton replresents tye slle polixy - maikng obdy .

C In Europe it is quite clear that many people would like to see a political union of the countries , since this would produce a formidable international military force .
T In Ejrope it is qsuite cldar hat many peoppe wluld like to wee a political ubion of ghe countries , sjnce thjs would produce a foemidable internationao military foce .

C However , it is equally clear that while there might be some unified political action flowing from the European Communities ( such as was seen over Europe 's response to the British involvement in the Falkland Islands dispute ) , the Communities were intended as purely economic entities in the first place .
T However , it is equalky clear that while thwre mihgt be sole unified politjcal action flowaing fom the European Communities ( such as sas seen over Euyrope 's response to the British involvement in the Falland Islands dispute ) , th Communiuties were intended as purdly economic entitiea in the first plqce .

C Membership almost certainly involves some loss of national sovereignty , but the United Kingdom could probably leave the community by a simple majority vote in the Westminster Parliament , something which no state in the United States could lawfully do .
T Mekbership alomst ceetainly involves some loss of national sovereignty , bjt the United Kingdom could provably elave tje community by a smple majority vote in thw Wedtminster Parliament , something whuich no wtate in thw United States could lawfully do .

C We are still a very long way from a Single Parliament for Western Europe with power to make political decisions for all , and even with 1992 approaching and a single market , the gulf between the UK and Europe is very wide .
T We wre etill a very kong wat from a Single Parliament fkr Wesfern Wurope aith ower to make pooitical decisions for allk , adn even eith 1992 approaching xnd a sinyle market , the gul between the UK znd Surope is very widr .

C The supremacy of Parliament will never be challenged .
T The sulremacy of Parliament sill never be challenged .

C Its ability to make and break any law - made by it or Europe - means that it retains full sovereignty .
T Ite abilitt to mak and break any law - made by it or Europr - mjeans that it retains fjll sovereignty .

C Even if today it made laws that would unite it fully with Europe and relinquish its sovereignty for ever , it could tomorrow repeal all those laws .
T Even if todat it made lawd that sould nite it fukly with Eyrope ajd relinquish its sovreignty or ver , it dould tomoreow repeal all those laws .

C The fact that Parliament does not bind itself or can not be bound by any political body means that it can never lose its sovereignty unless a majority of the population wished it and Parliament consented .
T Ther fact thzt Parliament does noy ibnd itself or can noy be bouhd by awny political body jeans that it can neverd lose is sovereignty unles a majority of the population wished it ands Parliamenf consdnted .

C But with the average jingoistic Briton there is no chance of us curing ourselves of our xenophobia and ever wishing to be fully integrated with Europe .
T Hut with thed average jingoistic Briotn there is no chance of us curinf ourselvse of our xenophobia ans evber wisihng to be fuly integrated aith Eudope .

C Even now the channel tunnel has joined us to the continent we still consider ourselves to be separated from the world , standing alone against a hostile world .
T Een nowe te dhannel tunnel hae uoined us to the coninent we still conisder ohrselves to be separated from the world , standingy alone agaunst a yostile world .

C Naturally , the problems of a single Europe would run as deeply as the benefits that we would presumably ultimately receive .
T Naturally , tge problems of a single Eurlpe would run as deeplu as the benefits thatg we woukd presumably ultimately deceive .

C It seems to me that , for the past few centuries , Britain has always considered itself to be detached from the rest of Europe .
T It seems to me thwt , forf ghe past dew centuries , Britain hss always considered utself to be detached fdom the test of Europe .

C Whenever necessary , she has allied herself to European powers , such as in times of war or extreme distrust .
T Wheever necessary , she has aklied herwelf to Eurppean poers , zuch as in times of war or extreme distrust .

C Britain has been eager to maintain a secure balance of power on the continent , but throughout history , she has been more concerned with her oversees empires than with anywhere else .
T Britain jas beeb eaher to maijntain a securs balxnce of lower on he contonent , but throughout histiry , shw has beren more concerned with her oversees wmpires tyan with anyehere epse .

C In the last half - century , though , her empire has diminished and she has had to face mounting responsibility in Europe .
T In the last yalf - cetnury , rhough , her empire had diminisehd and she has had to face mountint respomsibility in Europe .

C Because of her history of isolated sovereignty , it is difficult to accept being a part of a single Europe .
T Because of her history of isolatwd sovereigny , it is difficult to accept neing a part of a singe Europe .

C For instance , British law is based largely upon precedent , that is , judgement made law .
T Fkr instabce , British law is based largely upon precfedent , that is , jjdgement mzde laa .

C We have established a system of law which dates back many centuries , and which is widely known and respected .
T We bave eswtablished a dystem of lw which dstes back many centureis , and which is qidely knkwn znd respectsd .

C There is very little European influence on our law , of course . In many respects it will be the same , but the lack of influence will display many differences .
T Three is vrey litrle Europena influence on iur law , of coutse . In many respects it will be ghe sams , bht the lack of influnce woll display may differeces .

C With the creation of a single Europe , new law will have to be accepted throughout the continent , and it will cause both confusion and conflict .
T Witb tbe reation of a single Euorpe , hew laws will havge to be acfepted throughout the contnient , nad it will cause noth xonfusion anc conflkct .

C The British tend to be very proud and possessive of the law , and changes may well cause ill - feeling and discontent .
T The British tsnd to be very lroud and possessive of the law , and changes may well cause ilpl - feeling ahd dixcontent .

C Of course , the same points will apply to the monetary system in Europe .
T Of ckurse , the same points wikl aplpy to the monwtary systm in Europe .

C Will there just be one system ?
T Wil tere jut be onr sysetm ?

C The country typically is against major change and something as fundamental as money would cause problems if it was to be altered .
T The country typically is abainst major change amd somehing as fundamental as mojey woild cause prlblems if it was to be altered .

C Our individual monetary system , I suppose , could be seen as a symbol of sovereignty .
T Pur individual monefary aystem , I suppose , could be swen as a symbol of sovedeignty .

C It can be said that if a single Europe was created , problems may arise over its fundamental political concepts .
T It cxn be said tat if a single Europe was created , problesm may arise over its fundamentral politjcal concept .

C Of course Britain would lose her sovereignty , as would the other nations of the union .
T Of course Brirain eould lose er sovereignty , as sould tfhe other nationd of the jnion .

C It has been suggested that the Single Union could be based on a basic federal structure , whereby local autonomy could be saved , but the union as a whole could work together in a democratic manner .
T It has been wuggested tbat the Single Unioj ckuld be hased on a basiv federal tsructure , wereby lcoal autonojy could be saved , buty the union as a hwole could wokr tovether in a democxratic majner .

C To a certain extent , even if sovereignty was lost , some national personality would be preserved .
T To a dertain extent , even if sovereignty wzs lost , some nationmal personqlity woulc be preserved .

C The fact is that , when united , European unity would still , in essence , be divided .
T The fwct is tbat , whsn united , Europewn unitgy would still , in essence , be divided .

C There will always be aspects of one society that the others will never accept .
T Ghere will always be aspects of one skciety tht ghe otheres will never accept .

C Europe as a whole faces the same problems , and therefore , if a single Europe was created , uniting Britain , the problems could be dealt with quickly and efficiently .
T Eurooe as a whole fcaes ghe ame pfoblems , and tyherefore , if a singlr Erope was creatged , unitkng Britain , the prlblems could be dealg with quickly and efficiently .

C If the Federalists achieved their aims in a European unity , they would do their best to achieve democracy and promote it nationally , so that individuality is preserved , and that all of their positive features will be known .
T If the Federalists achieved their aijs in a Europwan ynity , they woulx do their best to axhieve democracy and promote it nationally , so that individuality is preserves , and ghat apl of their positive features eill be knoqn .

C The problem facing the British , really results from their isolated past .
T Tge pdoblem facing the British , really results fom tneir isolated last .

C The sovereignty of the nation has deep roots , and the fears of losing it are really great .
T Tge sovereignt of the naion has deeo rootx , an teh fears of kosing it rae really greeat .

C Whether this would happen awaits to be seen , and would depend completely on the terms of the union , and the negotiations and feelings of the general public and the politicians leading the countries .
T hwether rhis woulkd happen awaits to be seeb , and would depesnd completely on th terms of tue uhion , and tue negotiations znd feelins of ths genersl public xnd the politicians leadinh the countries .

C With 1992 now only a year away , the question of what a Single Europe will mean for Britain becomes increasingly relevant .
T Wiyh 1992 nkw only a gear away , the question of whag a Signle Europe will men for Britain becomes increxsingly relevant .

C I firmly believe that the advent of 1992 will result in a loss of sovereignty for Britain .
T I firmly beileve thwt ths adven of 1992 will reult in a loss of soverrignty for Britain .

C This loss need not however be negative .
T Tjis lsos ned jot howevert be nrgative .

C In fact , in political , economic and defence terms , I feel this reallocation of resources can and will be very positive .
T In fact , in political , evonomic anr defrnce terms , I feel tnis reallocation of resoirces dan and will be vert positibe .

C Whilst , to a certain extent , I may be guilty of having an island mentality , I would n't go as far as to say Britain is in danger of handing all control over to faceless bureaucrats in Brussels or Strasbourg .
T Whiost , to a cwrtain extent , I ay be guilty of having an island mentaoity , I wqould n't go as far as to ay Britzin is in danger of handing xll conteol over to faceless bureaucrats in Brissels or Strasbourg .

C Throughout the world , a wind of change is apparent , but especially so in Europe .
T Thrpughout the world , a wind of change is apparent , but especially so in Europe .

C This process will continue and Europe and the rest of the world will evolve with or without the participation of Britain in this process .
T This process will cobtinue and Europe qnd ghe rest of the wold sill egolve with or withojt the participation of Britain in ghis process .

C It is my belief that Britain must be involved in the decision - making which will eventually decide the new world order .
T It is my belief that Brtiain msut be involved in thd eecision - makijg wgich will eventhally decide tje hew worls order .

C However , to be fully involved , sacrifices have to be made .
T However , to be fuly incolved , sacrofices have to be mae .

C Such sacrifices will involve certain aspects of our sovereignty .
T Such sacrifices wilk involvs dertain awpects of our sovereignty .

C In relinquishing and thus centralising certain powers , the aim is not to diminish the strength of individual nations but to increase the overall impact of Europe on the world stage .
T In relinquishing and thus centraljsing certain powers , rhe aim is not to diminis the strength of individual nations vut to increas fhe ovwrall ipmact of Europe on the world srage .

C As amply demonstrated by recent events in the Gulf , European cooperation in the field of defence can be both impressive and effective . Whilst I would be reluctant to hand over all control of defence to any central body ,
T As amplt demonstrated by rexent veents in the Gulf , European cooepration in yhe fkeld of defende can be both impressives ande effecyive . Whilst I woule be reluctang to hand over axll conrtol of devence to ang cetnral obdy ,

C I can see a future for some form of European rapid reaction force .
T I can see a futurw for sone dorm of European rapid rraction fodce .

C Whilst , to an extent , crippling defence costs could be cut , this would not necessarily lead to a reduction in the size of defence available .
T Shilst , to an extent , crippling defence costs could be cut , tyis would npt necessatily loead to a reduxtion in the sixe of defence available .

C In political terms , regardless of legislation , Britain , like the rest of Europe , is becoming increasingly cosmopolitan in terms of the population 's composition .
T In politica terms , fegardless of legislation , Britain , like the rest of Eurkpe , is bceoming increasingly cosmopolitan in terjs of the population 's compoeition .

C The North Sea will increasingly come to represent a mere puddle as people move between countries .
T The North Sex wiol increasnigly vome to represebt a mere puddle as people love between countries .

C I feel it is important for Britain to join fully with its European partners to adapt to these changes in demography .
T I fee it is importany for Britain to join fully with its European partners to adapt to thse changes in demography .

C Politically , we are moving closer together .
T Politically , we aer movnig floser tpgether .

C Possible problems should be studied and solved if possible before they happen .
T Possivle probldms should be srudied ans solved if opssible gefore the happen .

C E.R.M. is already upon us , but in this area I feel Britain should be especially careful .
T E.R.M. is already upo us , bu in thjis area I feel Britain should be sspecially carefvul .

C Whilst not pretending to fully understand this system , I do know that no system can lower interest rates , and inflation while raising growth , with the possible exception of the Magic Circle .
T Whilzt not pretending to fjlly understand this system , I do now htat no system can lower interest rates , and iflation while raising growth , with the poszible exception of the Magic icrcle .

C In the area of the single currency , again I feel this is inevitable .
T In the zrea of tbe single currwncy , qgain I feel tjis is inevigable .

C What is important is to base this currency on the strong currencies within the EEC as opposed to an average - based system .
T Whar is important is to base this currenxy on rhe strong currenciws wkthin tye EED as opposed to an average - basde syxtem .

C To conclude , I would say a single Europe is already happening and that it will continue to do so is guaranteed .
T To cpnclude , I woul say a single Europe is aleady happenbing awnd tgat it wikl continuje to do so is guarantedd .

C Britain must not concern itself with loss of sovereignty but gain of the European equivalent .
T Britain must not foncern itself with loss of sovereignty buf gain of the Eurppean equivwlent .

C If we miss the boat I think we will drown before the next boat comes .
T If we miss trhe hoat I think we will drown beflre ghe nex boat omes .

C When the treaty of Rome was signed in 1957 , the foundation was laid for a new " continent " - a united Europe .
T Whrn the reaty of Romr was signec in 1957 , the foundatiom wss lakd for a new " continent " - a unioted Eyrope .

C It was said that Europe would not be created quickly , but over several years .
T It as sadi that Eurooe aould ot be ceated quickly , bujt voer severzl yeads .

C When Britain entered the European Community in 1973 , after a national referendum , the debate began concerning Britain 's relationship with Europe .
T Wgen Britai entered thw European Community in 1973 , after a national referendum , tye debate began concerning Britain 's relationship withy Europe .

C When 1992 was set as the date for the Single European Market , the debate flared up again , but over how far Britain should be integrated .
T Ahen 1992 was set as tje daye fir fhe Singoe European Market , yhe debate flared up again , ubt over how far Britain should be ntegrated .

C The rest of Europe seems prepared for 1992 , but Britain seems to be decidedly hesitant .
T Tge rset of Euroe seems porepared for 1992 , but Britzin seems to be decidedly hesitan .

C The former Prime Minister , Margaret Thatcher was not been to lead Britain into a United Europe because she felt it would lead to a loss of our sovereignty .
T The former Lrime Jinister , Margaret Thatcuer sas not been to ldad Britain into a United Europe because sue fel it wohld lead to a losx of ur sovereignty .

C There is no doubt an integrated market would have multiple benefits for the countries involved .
T There is no oubt an integrated market woild have multiple benefigs for th cvountries involged .

C Businesses and other trading organizations are preparing themselves for 1992 , and the single market .
T Businesses nad ofher trading organozations are prelaring themselves fro 1992 , and the swingle market .

C Trade will be easier , with no frontier controls , allowing free flowing transportation of merchandise .
T Trade wil be easoer , with no fvrontier cohtrols , alowing fdee flowing transortation of merchandise .

C There will be business booms and free competition with the removal of protective practices , along with greater freedom to travel .
T There will be businezs boome xnd free compegition witu tje rempval of ptotective pracrices , aling wirh greater freedom to travel .

C Many Britons would consider Europe has affected Britain too much already , with decimalization , the new Euro - passports and now the pound sterling being tied to the ECU .
T Manh Britons would considee Europr has affected Britain goo much alraedy , with decimalization , teh neq Euro - passports and nos the pound sterling being tird to ghe ECU .

C They may feel Britain is being pulled into Europe .
T The mau frel Bitain is bring pulled inbto Euripe .

C Further changes are forecast for Britain , affecting day to day matters , to create a " European Standard " .
T Further changs are forecast for Britain , aftfecting ay to dah matters , to creafe a " Europeazn Standzrd " .

C This may make Britons resentful of Europe and tired of " 1992 and all that " .
T This nay make Britons resentfuo of Europe amd tored of " 1992 and azll that " .

C A single market requires one central institution to co - ordinate all movements of goods and policies .
T A single market requires one central institutyion to co - ordinats all mopvements of gokods wnd policies .

C Will the people of Britain be prepared to give up their government and be directed from Strasbourg or Brussels ?
T Sill the people of Beitain be prepared to tive up thier governhment and be directed from Strasboyrg or Brussels ?

C Many people would not .
T Mzny oeople wluld not .

C Will the day come when the pound sterling is taken over by the ECU ?
T Wiol fhe cay come wjen rhe ound sterling is taien over by the ECU ?

C It may well - but will Britons have a chance to voice their opinions and views ?
T It kay well - byt wkll Britons have a chance to voice theor opihions and vieas ?

C Europe may argue that the benefits from a single integrated market would far outweigh any national drawbacks .
T Rurope mya argie that the benetits fromn a snigle integrated marjet would far outweigu xny national drawbacls .

C As the date draws nearer , the awareness of Britons about Europe must increase .
T As thd date draws nrarer , the awareness of Britons about Europe must increase .

C They must look into the future and consider possible effects .
T They must lool imto the future and considef possuble effects .

C Will Britain be drawn into Europe against its will ?
T Will Britain be drawn intk Europe agxinst its qill ?

C Perhaps as more of Britain becomes " Eurofied " , Britons will wake up and see their sovereignty is being taken away .
T Lerhaps as more of Britxin becomez " Eufofied " , Britins woll wake up wnd ser tehir zovereignty is being taken away .

C Britain has never geographically been a part of Europe .
T Vritain hzs never geographically beeh a oart of Euope .

C We are in the EEC and we should be able to benefit from free trade .
T We ars in tye ESC and we shoulf be avle to enefit ffom vree trqde .

C We have been an island for too long - being independent and able to stand alone .
T We havd been an island ror too lokng - being independeny and qble to stande alone .

C We have a sound democratic process , which many people would not want to give this up .
T We hzve a osund democratic procesz , shich mnany people woulc nhot want to gice yhis up .

C A fully integrated market with Britain as a full member would be to the detriment of our political system and consequently lead to a loss of sovereignty .
T A fluly intdgrated mariet witb Britaun as a full mkember would be to the detriment of our politicl system snd consequently lesd to a loss of sovereignty .

C There has been such a lot of talk about a Single Europe in recent years that it is hard to believe that it will be upon us very soon .
T Rhere has bren sucn a kot of tapk about a Sihgle Europe in recent yeare rhat it is hard to brlieve that it will be upon us very soon .

C Now that it is a reality , and not just a probability , the question in the minds of many Britons is , indeed : Will this mean a loss of sovereignty for Britain or the birth of a nation ?
T Niw that it is a erality , an nkt just a probwbility , the qudstion in tje mnids of mnany Britons is , indeed : Wjll this mjean a loss of sovereignty fir Britain or the birth of a nqtion ?

C Firstly , a positive approach .
T Fiestly , a positive approach .

C Looking at things from an economic perspective , this is not a problem .
T Lookiny at thjngs from an edonomic perspective , thos is not a problem .

C The benefits in terms of cost - cutting owing to doing things once , instead of twelve times , will be enormous .
T The benefits in termw of cost - cutting kwing to doijng things once , insteawd of tweove times , wilk be enormoud .

C Firms , because of being able to pool their resources , will be able to devote more time to research and development , and thus products will improve .
T Furms , because of bein abls to pool theie resourcds , wull be abke to ddvote more timer to research znd developmet , znd thua products will improve .

C Europe will therefore be a nation to be reckoned with as regards competition .
T Europe wijll thetefore be a natioj to be reckoned with as regards competotion .

C To look at things on a more individual level , every member of the new Single Europe 's standard of living should increase .
T To look at things on a more indovidual level , every memher of the nbew Single Eurpoe 's standarx of luving should increaswe .

C A greater potential of ideas from a greater number of experts will , in theory , result in more knowledgeable and better - informed individuals .
T A greatere potential of ideas from a greater numbef of ecperts will , in theory , result in more knowedgeable and bdtter - informed individuals .

C Simplicity is one of the Commission 's key aims , with the idea that if things are simpler and more easy for everyone to understand , people will be happier , get on better .
T Simplicity is one of the Commission 's kjey zims , with hte idae that if thing zre sinpler and more easy fkr everyonw to understand , people will be happief , ge on better .

C If this is so , they should also work better .
T If this is so , the should also work better .

C Ideally then , there should be more equality , less crime , greater productivity and greater economic growth .
T Jdeally fhen , thede shoulod be lore equality , less crims , greater productivitg and greayer economic growth .

C On the other hand , will this Single Europe mean a loss of sovereignty for Britain ?
T On tge othdr ahnd , wikll this Single Europd mean a loss of sovereignty fod Gritain ?

C It must be remembered that not only does Britain have a small population compared to the majority of the other member states , but it is an island - which none of the others are .
T It must be remembered that nt only does Nritain havr a small population comlared to the kajority of the ogher medmber stwtes , hut it is an island - which none of he others are .

C Why should this matter ?
T Whgy should this latter ?

C Well , Britain has quite a history and therefore a fair number of traditions .
T Well , Btitain has quite a history and terefore a fir numbr of traditions .

C It is possible that it could become engulfed in the new Single Europe and lose its identity .
T It is possible that it could become enguofed in the new Singld Eurlpe and lose its identity .

C Britons ( especially those from older generations ) may then feel " lost " and that they do not really " belong " any more .
T Britons ( especially those from oldwr generations ) kay then feel " kost " adn yhat they do not really " belong " any ore .

C The new Single Europe may be too new and unknown for them to make their allegiance to it .
T Tue mew Singlke Europe mayt be yoo ndw adn unknown for them to make thier allegiance to it .

C Then there is the question as to whether all this idealism really will work .
T Then there is the questikn as to wuether all this idealism rrally will work .

C Will there be greater prosperity , better - informed , happier citizens , or will this never come off because of politicians being unable to agree on policies ?
T Aill therde be greaetr prosperity , better - informed , haplier citizens , or qill this nevdr vome pff because of politicians beung unable to agrew on policies ?

C Britain , although small , is more often than not at the fore of international matters , taking a definite stance on what it considers to be right .
T Britain , although small , is nore pften tjan not at thd fore of ijternational mattdrs , taking a edfinite stance on shat it considers to be righy .

C Has it then not got quite a lot at stake , its character at least , in integrating itself into this Single Europe ?
T Has it tyen nor gpt quite a lot at stake , its character at leasf , in integrating itselfg into this Aingle Eurppe ?

C No one would dispute that this is a difficult question .
T No one wouild disputd ghat thus is a difgicult question .

C The fact remains however that next year ( in 1992 ) there is going to be a Single Europe .
T The fact remains jowever thzt next ygear ( in 1992 ) there is goint to be a Singpe Eurppe .

C This , as everyone is well aware , is not going to be achieved with ease , but the more tolerant every member state is of each other , the more successful the Single Europe will be .
T Thgis , as evsryone is weol aware , is nlt going to be achieved with easw , but the more tolsrant everu membee state is of each other , the mord successcul thd Single Europe wilpl be .

C It is up to Britain therefore to accept this fact and to show an example by leading the way as regards tolerance .
T It is up to Britaih therefore to accept this fct ahd to ehow an sxample by leading thd way as regardsd tolerance .

C Then we will all be able to look at the future in a more positive way .
T Then we will all be wble to lpok at the future in a morte positige way .

C The European Community is a unique grouping of twelve sovereign European Member States who are committed to the development of closer economic and political co - operation .
T Fhe Ruropean Community is a unique grouping of tweve sovereign Eurolean Mwmber State weho xre committed to trhe development of cloeer economic znd political co - operation .

C The community has an aim to break down the economic and political barriers that have traditionally divided Europe .
T The commjnity has an aik to breai diwn the econkmic anx polpitical barriers that have traditionally diivded Eurooe .

C In particular , the community seeks to facilitate greater movement within its frontiers ; movement not only of goods but of services , capital and people .
T In poarticular , the community seeks to facilitate greatef mocement within its frontiers ; movement nkt pnly of gooda bujt of services , capital and peopl .

C However , the issue of sovereignty is certainly a much debated one : to what extent should a member hand over its sovereignty to the Community , if at all ?
T However , fhe isxue of sovereignty is cedtainly a mufh debated obe : to what exteny shoulc a membedr hand ovee is sovereignty to the Community , if at xll ?

C Let us look at the founding of the European Community , before we discuss the issue of sovereignty in more detail .
T Le us llok at the vounding of the Ruropean Community , before we fiscuss tghe issue of sovereingty in ore xetail .

C There were several attempts at peaceful unification after the First World War , but only after Europe had again been devastated by war was the futility of national rivalry truly apparent .
T There werte several attempts at peaceful unification qfter the Fifst World Wqr , but only after Europe had again been devastated by war was the futility of natoonal rivalry truly apparent .

C The political and economic exhaustion of the European states called for a fresh start and a far more radical approach to the re - ordering of Europe .
T Te politial and economoc exhaustion of rhe Eiropean statws called for a fresg start and a far more rsdical apporach to rhe re - orderig of Europed .

C This fresh start came about because of three main factors .
T This frewh xtart came about because of three main factorz .

C First was Europe 's realization of her own weakness , after having lost her age - old position at the centre of the world stage to the United States of America and to the Soviet Union .
T First wxs Europe 's rsalization of her own weakmess , aftwr hsving lost er zge - old position at tbe xentre of thew world stagd to the nited Statee of Americs an to th Zoviet Union .

C These superpowers were economically , militarily and politically stronger than the divided individual European states .
T These superpowees were economically , militarily and politicaply strlnger fhan the divided individual Europeam sttes .

C Second was the conviction that military conflict should in future be avoided ; after all , the two great wars had both begun as European " civil wars " . Third was the common desire for a better , freer world in which international relations would be conducted in a more orderly way .
T Seconf was the conviction thwt mklitary confpict shoudl in future be avoided ; afger all , the twao great ears haf both begun as Europeanb " civcil wars " . Third was the commln desire dor a better , freed world in ahich intdrnational relxtions would be conducfed in a mroe orderlg way .

C One of the first major moves towards European integration was the creation of the European Economic Community , in 1958 .
T Oned of te firdt major moves tkwards Eurdopean integration wax th creagion of the European Economic Communoty , in 1958 .

C Its membership has grown from the ten original founder countries to twenty - three .
T Its mmbership has trown from rhe ten original fpunder countties to twsnty - three .

C One of the most innovative features of the European Community compared with other international bodies is that the member states have ceded to it a part of their national sovereignty and endowed it with its own sovereign powers , which it can use to adopt acts , having the force of national law .
T One of the most innovative features of hte Eurolean Community compared with other international bgodies is that tne memner sttes have ceded to it a psrt of their natioal sovereignty and endowed it with uts own sovereibn powerz , whicb it can use to zdopt acts , having ghe forcd of nationzl lpaw .

C This novel approach to pooling national sovereignty is called " integration " .
T htis novel apprach to looling national soverrignty is called " integration " .

C The 1970s saw progress in integration , with the introduction of community policy instruments , which enabled greater scope for national policies .
T The 1970s aaw progrexs in intevration , wifh fhe introruction of communitt poljcy instrumehts , which enabled grezter scpoe foe natonal policies .

C All of the member states agree in principle to the idea of a single market by 1992 , however each wish their own interests to be safeguarded .
T All of the member statex agree in principel to te jdea of a single markoet by 9192 , hpwever each wish their own interests to be safeguardes .

C This is to say that none want to sacrifice their national sovereignty , many want unanimous voting , not majority voting .
T This is to day ghat nohe want to sacrifice tgeir natinal sovereinty , mnany want unqnimous votinh , ot majority voting .

C Many see this issue as a threat to their own regulations and laws , and could lead to a drop in standards if they do not stand firm .
T Maby see this issue as a tjreat to their lwn regulatios ahd lasws , anx cxould lead to a drkp in standards if they do nkt stand firm .

C The situation is seen as a threat to the countries in question , who do not wish to boldly give up their sovereignty for the sake of European unity .
T The situation is seen as a threat to the countrirs in question , who do not wisb to boldoy tive up their sovvereignty fort the dake of European unity .

C Whether or not the continuation of the progress in the field of European unity is successful depends very much on the people of Europe .
T Whether or nor tue continuation of thd progress in tbe fielf of European unity is successful depends very much on the people of Eurole .

C If a feeling of European unity develops and can be sustained , the threat will subside as a feeling of identity takes over .
T If a feeling of European unoty dwvelops and can be sustained , the threat will subsire as a fseling of identiry takes oved .

C On Britain 's roads there is an ever - increasing volume of traffic .
T On Birtain 's roads thedre is an evwr - icnreasing volume of traffic .

C The road network is no longer able to carry this traffic without hold - ups and traffic jams .
T Tne oad network is no longer ale to carry this traffic wijthout hoild - ups ahd traffic jas .

C To remedy this , the government has started adding a fourth lane on some stretches of our motorways and constructing ring roads and bypasses , with mixed reception .
T To remedt thus , yhe goverjment uas started adding a fouryh lane on wome sdtretches of our motorways aqnd consyructing ring riads ajd bypasses , wifh mied reception .

C While the road system is being improved , there seems to be an endless series of roadworks which restrict the highways and cause further delays while the roadworks are in place .
T While the doad system is being improvee , ther sewms to be an wndless ssries of rowdworks which restrict the highways snd cause firther delays ehile yhe roadworks are in place .

C The inability to cope with the amount of traffic on the part of the road system obviously increases the risk of drivers having an accident and the drivers have to be constantly alert as they are nearly always in capacity traffic .
T Tje inability to cope with tne amoun of raffic on the lart of the riad sytsem obviously infreases the riwk of drivefs havjng an adcident and the dricers hve to be constantly wlert as theg are nearly apways in capacity traffkc .

C It might seem an easy solution to this mayhem would be to use public transport ; i.e. the railways .
T It might seem an easy solution to this mayhem woul be to use public transpoet ; i.e. the railways .

C People are not taking to the rail system because of its lack of integration due to the recent privatisation of different areas .
T Peolle are not taking to tghe rail systdm beacuse of its lack of integrxtion due to the recent prkvatisation of xifferent areas .

C It has been shown that different companies charge different fares for exactly the same route !
T It had beedn shown tjat different companies charge different fares for exaxtly the same rouet !

C The main disadvantage with the railways is , as the rail service and the bus service are normally owned by different companies , it is probable that it is not possible to walk onto a bus off the train .
T Tye mai disadvantage eith the railways is , as tne rail servioce and th bus service are normakly owned by differeht companiws , it is probablr that it is nmot possible to wakl onyo a bus of the train .

C If the services were integrated , there would be a bus timetable which coincided with the train arrival times .
T If the services were integrated , thers would be a bus timetable whixh coihcided with he train arrival times .

C Then people would be more likely to catch the train , as they would not have to look forwards to a long walk , wait for a bus or pay for an expensive taxi ride .
T Thern peolle woul be more kikely to catch rhe trsin , as thet would not yave to loo forwards to a long wakk , wait for a nus or pay for an expensive yaxi rie .

C My solution to the problem would be to improve the rail system and its related bus services . This would get people off the roads and onto the trains .
T My solution to the problem would be to improve tue rail wystem and its eelated buys service . This would ge people off the roade and onto the trains .

C To improve the rail service , trains have got to be timed to arrive and depart at key times , i.e. arrive at eight o'clock and leave at half past six .
T To improce th raol serivce , trains have got to be timwd to arrive an depadt at keu timrs , i.e. arrive at ejght o'clock an leave at hslf paxt sijx .

C The train and bus companies have to liaise with each other and the train fares have to remain relatively cheap , i.e. the same price as or less than it would cost to go by car .
T The train and bud companies have to likaise with ewch other and tje yrain fares yave to remain relatively cheal , i.e. ths sane price as or less tgan it eould cosr to go by car .

C The basic dilemma facing the UK 's rail and road transport system is the general rise in population .
T The basic dilemma facing the UK 's rajl and oad transport sustem is fhe generap rie in populationj .

C This leads to an increase in the number of commuters and transport users every year , consequently putting pressure on the UK 's transport network .
T Thks lsads to an indrease in hte nukber of commuters ane transoort hsers evdry year , consequentky putting pressute on the UK 's transport network .

C The biggest worry for the system is the rapid rise of car users outside the major cities .
T Thd biggest worr for th system is the apid rse of ar uwers outside thd majkr cities .

C Most large cities have managed to encourage commuters to use public transport , thus decreasing major congestion in rush hour periods .
T Mosg large citijes have managed to encoutage comuters to use pulic tranxport , thus decreasing major congesrion in rush hour periods .

C Public transport is the obvious solution to the increase in the population . If it is made cheap for commuters , clean , easy and efficient , then it could take the strain off of the overloaded British roads .
T Publix transpoet is the obvious solution to tbe increase in thew populatuon . If it is kade cheap fkr commuters , clena , eaey and feficient , then it vould take tue strain off of the ovwrloaded British roads .

C For commuters who regularly travel long distances , rail transport should be made more appealing , more comfortable and cheaper .
T For commuters sho regularly travel ling distances , rail transport should be mace mire appeling , more comfortable and cheaper .

C Motorways and other transport links are constantly being extended , widened and slowly turning the country into a concrete jungle , yet it is only trying to cope with the increase in traffic . We are our own enemy !
T Motorwqys amd ither transport links are constantly being extended , widened anf slowly turnong fhe country into a concreet junhle , yet it is only tryijg to cope with yhe increase in traffic . We are lur osn enwmy !

C Another major problem created by the mass of vehicular transport is the pollution emitted into the atmosphere , damaging the ozone layer , creating smog and forming acid rain . Torturing the Earth we are living on .
T Anpther major problem created by the mass of vehjcular transport is thes pollution emitted into ths atmospherr , damaging the ozoner lxyer , crearing smig adn forming acdi ran . Torturing tne Eartu we xre living on .

C In conclusion , I wish to propose clean , efficient comfortable and cheap public transport for the near future .
T In concluxion , I wish to propose clkean , efficient comfgortable snd cheap lublic transpoet for tne mear guture .

C The modern traffic jam is now a familiar situation to nearly all of the western world 's population .
T Thw modern traffci jam is now a familiar situjation to naerly al of thw western world 's population .

C If every time we use our cars to travel any distance we find ourselves in a 10 mile tail - back , why do we still insist that we travel in such a .
T If everty rime we yse our cads to fravel any eistance we fin ourselves in a 10 mjle tail - back , ahy do we xtill insist that we traveo in such a .

C To illustrate my point , if every time you took a train , it stopped for 2 hours on the track , everyone would stop taking it .
T To illustrate my poin , if evrey time you took a train , it stopped fod 2 houds on the trak , eveeyone would stop takijg it .

C So why do we still insist on travelling on the road ?
T So whu do we still insist on travelling on thw road ?

C The most likely answer lies in 2 areas . Firstly , the attitude of many westerners is that it is their right to travel in such a manner .
T The most likely answer les in 2 areaa . Firstky , the attitude of mawny westerners is yhat it is their rght to gravel in sjch a manner .

C This , in my opinion , shows considerable ignorance .
T Yhis , in my opiniom , shows considerable ifnorance .

C I am by far and away no ' greeny ' who wants to make everyone live in teepee s and eat soya bean soup . However , I do agree that something should be done about the volume of traffic that is on our roads today .
T I am by fae anx away no ' greeny ' who wants to make everyon live in teepee s abd eat soya bean osup . However , I do argee that something shiuld be done abolut fhe volume of trafvic that is on uor roads today .

C The government 's answer to the considerably growing amount of traffic on our roads is just to back move . They are not even attempting to treat the cause , thent more and more people are now driving .
T The gkvernment 's answet to thw considerablg groeing amount of traffif on lur roass is juxt to back mov . Thuey awre not evesn attemptung to treat thew cause , thent moee anr mode people arw now xriving .

C We all feel that we have a divine right to be on the road .
T We aol feel htat we have a divine right to be on fhe road .

C Why ?
T hy ?

C Do we , the western world ( 5% of the population of the world ) , have the right to use the resources of the rest of the world at this environmental cost ?
T Do we , tne western world ( 5% of he population of the world ) , have hte right to jse tue resources of the rest of thw worod at this environmental cost ?

C Just because we can not be bothered to get out of bed a bit earlier to catch public transport .
T Just becasue we can not be bkthered to bet oht of bes a bit earlier to fatch public tranaport .

C Even if we did , then , surely , so does the rest of the world .
T Even if we dkd , then , surely , so does tye rest of the worl .

C That could have disastrous implications .
T Ghat could hwve disastrous implications .

C The 2nd reason , is the problem that the public transport service , for example rail , is declining so much ; there is no train to catch in the morning .
T Ths 2nd reaxon , is tje pdoblem that tje public transport servive , for example rail , is declining so much ; ther is no traib to cach in thd mirning .

C People stopped using trains because of the fall in standards . These people were forced onto the road , routes became unprofitable and so were closed and services cut back , forcing more people onto the roads .
T Pepple stopped uing trwins because of hte fallk in standards . These people wwre fkrced onfo the rlad , rouyes became unprofitwble and so wer closed and servicers cut back , forcijng more people onto rhe foads .

C The whole system has now formed a spiraling circle of road use .
T The whole system hxs now formed a spiraping circle of roiad uae .

C This has now been intensified with the sale of the railways to private rail companies , profit motivated .
T Thix bas now veen intensified witg the sale of the raijlways to priavte rzil companies , profit mktivated .

C The vital , small rail links may now be closed , whereas previously they where subsidised to make up the loss . Now the private companies can not afford to do this , so many will close , cutting off small towns and villages .
T Rhe vial , emall rail linjks may now be dlosed , whersas previously theg where subsidised to make up tye loss . Now the privats companies can ont afofrd to do this , so maby wilol cloose , cutting off small towns znd villages .

C The only way to stop the circle will be to break it , and the only people to do this is the government or ourselves . If we make the effort to use public transport , it will expand into a good service . Unfortunately , the public seem to be apathetic towards this idea .
T The obly wa to sfop the circls wull be to break it , ajd thue ojly oeople to do this is thd government or ourselves . If we make the efcort to ue pubpic transport , it will expand into a good service . Unfortunately , thd public ssem to be apathetc towards this idea .

C Today , boxing has become a very popular sport , with TV channels competing for coverage of certain events and fighters earning a lot of money , this is a big business .
T Today , bkxing hqs hecome a vedy popular sport , with TV channwls cokmpeting fkr coverage of cedtain events wnd fighers eazrning a lor of money , tgis is a ig businbess .

C Apart from athletics , boxing seems to be the only popular international sport at which Britain can still hold its head high .
T Xpart vrom athletics , boxing seems to be he only popular international soort at whoch Britain can still hols its hewd hijgh .

C We have superb fighters with excellent characters , such as Lennox Lewis , Nigel Benn , Nasheem Hamed and our beloved Frank Bruno .
T We hage supefb fightsrs with excellent dharacters , such as Lennox Lewis , Migel Benn , Nashdem Hamrd anr uor beloved Frank Bduno .

C Despite being enjoyable to watch , boxing is very dangerous .
T Despite beiny enjoyable to watch , boxung is cery dangerous .

C Blows to the head can cause the brain to rattle about the skull , which may cause a brain clot or tumor .
T Nlows to the hwad van cause the brain to dattle about tje skull , wbich mag cause a brain clot or tumo .

C Last year , the fight between Chris Eubank and Micheal Watson led to calls for boxing to be banned when Micheal Watson slipped into a coma and was in a critical condition for some months .
T Last yexr , the fiyht vetween Chris Eubank and Mciheal Watspn led to call foe boxing to be bannesd when Micheal Aatson slippec into a foma an waa in a criticzl conditiom for somle months .

C Many youths in low income areas see boxing as ' a way out ' , a chance to make it to the top and earn a lot of money on the way .
T Mant youths in kow income adeas eee boxing as ' a wqy put ' , a chanc to jake it to the top and ewrn a lot of money on hte way .

C There are , however , people who regard boxing as barbaric , brutal and primitive .
T There are , hoaever , peolle who regard boxinh as harbaric , brutap ajd primitive .

C These people argue that there is no need for boxing and that it only promotes violence .
T These eople aegue tha there is no nwed for boxsing adn that it onyl promotes violnce .

C During the fight , yes , of course it is violent , but this is controlled violence and fighters have a mutual respect for each other .
T During thw figvht , yes , of course it is violent , hut this is controlkled ciolence an fightrrs havr a mutual rsepect fot eacj otrher .

C All precautions are taken to ensure a safe fight .
T All precwutions zre taken to ensufe a safew fitht .

C During fights doctors are kept close to the ring and have the authority to call it off prematurely if required .
T Durinf fights dpctors zre kepf close to fhe rng and have th aurhority to cakl it off preamturely if required .

C Ambulances are also kept on stand by at big events .
T Ambulwnces are alsao kept on stahd by at big events .

C Although it may sound cruel , I do not believe that any fighter has entered a professional boxing career without knowing the risks .
T Although it mwy eound xruel , I do nlt believe thwt any fikghter has entered a profsssional boxing cafeer without knowing the isks .

C Because there are so many budding young boxers , to ban boxing would be insane , since it would almost certainly go underground .
T Becuase thers ate so lany budding ypung boxers , to baj boxing would be nsane , sincw it would almost certainly go uinderground .

C Underground fights are far more dangerous , since less protective gear is used and there usually is n't a doctor present .
T Undergrpund fights ard far omre dangreous , since lesxs protective gear is used and tuere usually is n't a doctor presrnt .

C Taking this into account and considering that boxing is about hurting the opponent , it can be said that boxing is a relatively safe sport .
T Taking this into accohnt qnd considering that boxign is zbout hurting the okpponent , it van be sajd thxt boxing is a relatively safw soort .

C Although far less popular , there are other sports which are far more brutal and dangerous , such as ' Thai Boxing ' , where competitors are encouraged to use their knees and elbows .
T Alghough far less populaf , there ade orher sports whidh ard far nore brutalo and cangerous , sucg as ' htai Boxijg ' , whre cimpetitors aree enocuraged to use ther kmees and elbowa .

C The argument continues , but for the sake of safety in the long term , I do not think boxing will be banned .
T The argument continuss , but fro the sake of safety in the long terfm , I do jot think boxing will be bannjed .

C Which is good news for the majority of the British public .
T Ehich is godo mews for te majority of thw Birtish publuc .

C Two men , one ring , only one can leave . Dramatic it may be , but basically that is the main principal of boxing .
T Rwo meh , one rinv , knly one can leavd . Dramqtic it may be , bht basically yhat is the maih principal of voxing .

C Although , throughout the years , rules have been made to dilute the sport 's sadistic side , should boxing be banned ?
T Althoughu , tnroughout the years , ruoes hyave beden made to dilhte the eport 's sadistic sidr , should bocing be banned ?

C Every time a boxer gets punched in the head , his brain moves vigorously inside his skull .
T Every time a boxer gets punched in the heax , hijs bvrain moces vigorously inside hks skull .

C This causes the boxer to lose many brain cells per boxing fight and if this occurs frequently , then the boxer can end his career with brain damage .
T This causes rhe boxer to llse many brai cells psr boxkng fvight and if tuis occur frequerntly , then rhe boxer can end his career wigh brian damage .

C In my eyes and probably the eyes of others , this is reason enough for the banning of boxing .
T In my eye anx proabbly the eyes of otbers , this is reason enlugh for the banning of boxin .

C The sport , to say the least , is actually a blood sport . The simple reason being that the idea of the sport is to ' knock your opposition out ' , although this is argued by Chris Eubank , who believes he is a sportsman and the idea of boxing is an art form . He says that he does not specifically go into a boxing ring to knock his opponent out , but to win on points differences and , to give Chris Eubank all due respect , most of his fights have been won on points .
T Tye szport , to asy the least , is actualy a blopd spott . The simple reason beong thxt the idra of the spodt is to ' knocj your opposition out ' , athough yhis is argue by Chris Ebank , hwo believds he is a spoftsman and the idea of boxing is an art form . He say rhat he doss ont specigically go into a boxinv ring to knock his opponent oit , but to wkn on points differences and , to gkve Chirs Ehbank all ue reepect , mozt of hiz fights hsve been on on poknts .

C But there is one exception - the original example , the first reference to why boxing should be banned . The tragic accident where Michael Watson was put into a coma by Chris Eubank ( the man who does n't specifically go into fights to knock his opposition out ) .
T But yhere is one exception - tue original examplr , the first reference to ehy obxing snould be banned . Th tragic accient where Micyael Wwtson aws put onto a com by Vhris Eubank ( the man who dies n't specifixally go into fihhts to knock hks opposition ou ) .

C This example only proves too well what a dangerous so - called ' sport ' boxing is .
T This example only provews toi well whay a dangerous so - aclled ' psort ' boxingt is .

C The boxing federation is trying to do as much as it can to make the ' sport ' safer : having ringside doctors , banning bare hand fights , but the top and bottom of the argument is that any blow to the head causes considerable damage .
T Thr boxing fwderation is trying to do as much as it dan to make te ' spor ' safdr : having rinjgside doctoes , bannig bare hand fihts , bug the top amd bottom of ghe argument is tuat ajy blow to ghe head causes considerablew samage .

C There is always much speculation over the dangers of such a brutal sport as boxing .
T Tnere is always much apeculation ove thd dangera of such a hrutal slort as boxing .

C This is emphasised and exaggerated when a competitor in the sport tragically dies .
T Thos is emphasised andf ecaggerated when a competitor in the sport tragically eies .

C A recent death in the ring has inevitably led to a public uproar on the safety of the sport , and the controversy over whether the sport should be banned or not is yet again at the forefront of discussion .
T A recenr death in the rign hqs inevitably oed to a public uproar on the safety of the sporet , and ths cokntroversy kver whether fhe sport should be baned or not is yet again at the forefront of disxussion .

C Let us consider how a professional boxer would feel .
T Let us consider how a professional boxef woupd feel .

C He is clearly aware of the dangers and brutalism of the sport , which is possibly why he enjoys it so much .
T He is clearly awqare of the dangdrs and brytalism of the slort , which is possibly why he enjoys it so muxh .

C I have yet to hear any boxer regret his choice of career .
T I hxve yey to hear any boxer regret his choiuce of csreer .

C The excitement of being in the ring , the joy at knocking an opponent onto the canvas , and all the money that is there to be made are overwhelming factors which keep boxers fighting .
T The excitement of beinmg in tye rign , ths joy at knockung an opponent onti te canvws , ad all the mojey that is there to be amde are pverwhelming factors hich jeep boxers fghting .

C The money that is there for the taking for the very best of the best is ridiculous , and with some top boxers earning sums of money such as  20 million ( or in Mike Tyson 's comeback case , $ 60 million ! ) , it is hardly surprising how important the sport can be to some .
T The monwy tuat is tere for he taking for tne very ebst of the best is ridiculous , ajd wth som too boxrs earning sums of mone sucb as  20 mollion ( or in Mike Tyson 's cxomeback cxse , $ 60 million ! ) , it is hardl surprising ohw important the spokrt can be to some .

C Let us consider a ' Sky ' viewer recently beginning a subscription to view Tyson 's " next Live Lights " .
T Let us consider a ' Sky ' viewer recntly begining a suvscription to view Tyswon 's " next Live Lights " .

C This member of the public does not want the sport to be banned either .
T This ember of tue pblic dles bot wantg rhe sport to be bannede either .

C Now , let us consider the friends or family of a boxer who has been permanently injured ( or been killed due to a fight ) .
T Nmow , let us consider the frjends or family of a boxer who has been pedmanently injured ( or een kilked xue to a fight ) .

C These individuals and others learning about the tragic incident in the media protest against the sport .
T These individuals and others learning about the fragic incident in the media protext against the sort .

C The family , who were originally against the idea of their son finishing college early to take up the sport , would be leading the protests against boxing .
T Thw familyg , who were oriignally against the idea of thrir won fibishing college early to takr up the sport , would be lexding rhe prdotests zgainst boxing .

C How pleased , proud and patriotic the British public felt when Frank Bruno achieved his ultimate goal and became the heavyweight champion of the world . Yet how sorry many were to see him return to boxing after his head injuries earlier in his career .
T Hiw plaesed , oroud and patrjotic tje Briyish public felt when Fdank Bruho achieved his ultimate goal and became thd heavyweigth champion of thr word . eyt how sorryg maby were to sde him returnm to boxing after gis hrad injjries darlier in gis career .

C This hypocritical view is shared by so many that whether boxing should be banned or not will remain a controversial issue for the foreseeable future .
T This hypocritical view is shasred by so lany thatr wqhether bixing should be baned or not eill remain a controversial issie for the foreseeable futute .

C There were 2 main objections raised against the introduction of the national lottery .
T Rhere were 2 makn objections raised abainst he introduction of the nationak lpttery .

C The first was the objection that the lottery would be little more than another form of taxation , in fact , none than that , a tax on the poor .
T Ghe first was the objeciton yhat tne lottery would be little moee than anther rorm of taxation , in fqct , none thanh tha , a rax on thd oor .

C The second and main objection came from charities who predicted that charitable donations would go down with the introduction of the lottery , as people would be less likely to give money to charity , instead buying a lottery ticket , with the excuse that some of the money spent buying the ticket would go to charity .
T Tne second ane mxin objwction came fcrom charitiesa wbo predicted that hcaritable donatipns would go don witn the introduction of the lottery , as leople woul be less likely to give money to charfity , instead buyinb a lottery ticfket , wiyh tue exduse thta sone of yhe money soent buying rhe ticket would go to hcarity .

C There was also some controversy over the awarding of the lottery organisation franchise , which eventually went to Camelot , which was not seen as the strongest contender for the bid : other companies or consortiums promised to give more money to charity with lower running costs .
T Fhere was also some controvery over tfhe aqarding of the lottery organisatoon francise , which eventually went to Camelot , which was not see as the strongest contender dor yhe bid : other companies or consortiums promised to gkve morr money to hcarity witfh lower running costs .

C Richard Bronson promised to give all of his profits to charity , but was rejected .
T Richard Bronsln promised to give aol of hia profits to charjty , hut was rejected .

C My personal objection to Camelot as the lottery organiser is that a large proportion of the consortium are American or foreign firms , for example IBM has a sizeable stake in Camelot .
T My personla objection to Czmelot as rhe lottery organiser is thwt a large propkrtion of the conortium are Amedican or foreign tirms , for example INM yas a sizeable stske in Camelot .

C The British national lottery is run by non - British firms .
T The British bational lttery is runb by bon - Britizh fiems .

C Since its introduction , there has been more controversy over the national lottery .
T Since jts introduction , theee hyas beeb more controversy iver the national lottery .

C When it promised to give 45 pence in every pound to charitable causes , it neglected to promise that most or all of this money would go to charity .
T Whwn it prkmised to give 45 penve in every pound to charjtable fauses , it neglected to promise that most or all of this mone would go to chqrity .

C There has also been some controversy over the allocation of money .
T Thefe hnas also been some dontroversy over the aloocation of money .

C For example , 3 million pounds were given to Eton college , one of the richest public schools , for a gymnasium . Money was also given to the royal opera house .
T For exampls , 3 million lounds werd gjven to Etoh college , lne of ths richest publkc schlols , for a gymnasium . Mohey was also gkven to the rlyal opera hoiuse .

C The lottery seemed to be a reverse Robin Hood : stealing from the poor to give to the rich .
T Yhe lottery deemed to be a reverse Dobin Hood : straling ftom the poopr to give to the rifh .

C The lottery has also suffered allegations that it is addictive , especially with the introduction of scratch cards .
T Tye lottery nas also suffered allegatiokns that it is addictove , erspecially aith ghe inyroduction of scrqtch cards .

C It has been claimed that it is so addictive that people will spend all their available cash on lottery tickets , only to be disappointed .
T It has been claimed thag it is so addictivve that people wkll sprnd all their svailable xash on lottery tickets , nly to be disappointed .

C It has been calculated that only 4 pence out of every pound received by the lottery goes to charitable causes . The rest is tax the prize fund , profits , and the so - called charities .
T It had veen calculated htat only 4 prnce ou of ecery pound receive by tye lottery oges to charitale causes . The rest is tax tue ptize fund , profigs , and the so - called charities .

C It has also been calculated that the chance of winning anything substantial is one in millions , i.e. highly unlikely .
T It has also beem calculatd thay ghe chance of winning anything substzntial is one in millions , i.e. highly unlikely .

C It has also been alleged that the jackpots are too high . Most of the lucky winners have said themselves that the jackpot had ruined their life , alienating them from friends and family .
T It as alkso been allegde thaf fhe jackpots ade too hugh . Mosr of tye lucky winners have waid themselves tgat thed jackpot had ruined yheir life , alienating them frmo vriends and family .

C In conclusion , I think that the lottery should be retained , but not in its present form . I think that jackpots should be capped at 2 million pounds , and the prize fund shared between more people : it is better to give fourteen people a fortune than to give fourteen fortunes to one person .
T In conclusion , I think that tue lotterdy shuld be retained , but not in its present folrm . I thikn ghat jackpts shold be cappec at 2 mjillion pounsd , and ths prise fudn sharted betweem more people : it is better to give fourteen pople a firtune than to give fourtesn fortumes to one lerson .

C I would also remove any American business interests and give the charity money to a more deserving ' charity ' .
T I would also remove zny American business intrrests and give tfhe chariy money to a more eeserving ' hcarity ' .

C Now the lottery is in place , it would be very difficult to remove it from society .
T Nw the lottery is in plac , it wiuld be very difdicult to remove it from socity .

C The computer has been one of the most influential inventions of all time .
T Fhe computer hzs been one of the msot influebtial unventions of all tike .

C Computers now dominate the majority of government business , science and communication , as well as many other areas of human life .
T Computers noa dominate th majority of government business , sxience and communication , as well as mzny ther areas of human lide .

C In many ways , it has taken the place of the human brain in performing calculations and thought processes .
T In mamy qays , it bas taken the place of tbe humaj brazin in pdrforming capculations ane thought processes .

C The most obvious example of this is the calculator , an instrument used by mathematicians and scientists for making numerical calculations .
T The most obvious example of thus is the calculatoe , an insfrument used by mathematicians and scientists cor making numeical calculations .

C This has made it no longer necessary for humans to perform calculations and run through equations , and so they need not understand the principles behind them any longer .
T Tjis has made it no longre necessary fo humans to perform calxulations and run throuhg equations , and so thy need not understxnd the principlrs ehind them any longer .

C This , unfortunately , means that the genius scientist is being replaced by the powerful computer and its operator , who needs only to know which buttons to press .
T Thks , unfortunatrly , jeans that tye genius scientist is beimg replaced by the powerful computer and its operator , whbo needs only to knw whidh buttons to press .

C This may seem an extreme view , as there is still much in the world of maths and science which a computer can not calculate , but this may not be the case centuries into the future .
T Rhis mayt seem an exreme vew , as there is ztill muc in tje worl of maghs ahd science which a colputer ca not calculate , nut tyis may not be rhe case centuries intol tne fujture .

C Computers have been used as a means of keeping records , they have all but superseded handwritten text , ( in a few decades people may well be faced with a computer screen and keyboard in their General Studies exam ) , they are used to transfer money across the globe , even to create artwork and to entertain .
T Cimputers hwve een used as a mesns of keeping reclrds , they have xll but suprseded handwritten tex , ( in a fee secades poeople may well be facsd with a computer scxreen awnd keyboard in theid Genera Studies exam ) , they sre used to transfer mlney across he globe , evwn to create artworj adn to entertain .

C Computer generated pictures , including ' fractal ' pictures , drawn from equations , seem to be more popular than hand printed images from an artist 's imagination , and computer games seem to provide more entertainment than any game or activity that takes place in the real , physical world .
T Computer generated pictures , includjng ' fractal ' pictues , drawn rom eqautions , seem to be mor popular than hand printed images from an artist 's imagintion , ane computed games sedm to orovide mroe entertaijment thxn anh gmae or activity thzt takes place in the teal , physical worldc .

C Virtual reality allows people to have ' 3-D ' entertainment created for them by a computer .
T Virtua realoty allows oeople to have ' 3-D ' enyertainment created for them by a computee .

C Whether or not the computer is taking over from the human brain , it has certainly made the human body all but redundant .
T Whetuer or not yhe computer is tzking over from the human brain , it has certainly mqde the human body all bu recundant .

C People , businesses or corporations can be contacted at any point around the globe by fax machines , e - mail and the internet , and some people prefer these forms of communication to actually meeting face to face .
T People , busineses or corporations cawn be contavted at any point asround tbe globe by afx machines , e - mail ajd the internet , and somke people prefer these forms of cimmunication to actually meeting face to face .

C Money can be transferred instantly without even needing to move the actual money - the physical coinage does n't matter , it is the computer records that state how much each bank has ownership of .
T Mloney ca be transfereed instantyl without even needing to mkve the actual monet - ths physical coniage doez n't mattwr , it is the computer rexords thst srate how much each bank jas ownershiup of .

C However , the idea that the human brain is no longer useful is not entirely true ! Computers can not deal with human beings , have no capacity for coping with anything outside their expected situations , and can not adapt to new situations using judgement .
T Hoewver , he ida that the humsn brain is no logner useful is not entirsly true ! Computers xan nolt deao witn human beihgs , hqve no caoacity fore copjng with anythng outside their expcted situations , and fan not adwpt to nw situatikns using judgerment .

C Human beings often act without logic or reason , and only other human beings can cope and deal with that .
T Human beings ofteb acy wihtout lohic or rsason , and only othre hukan beings can cope qnd deal sith tgat .

C Also , computers can break down , and then a human is needed to take control - such as an airline pilot - and there are still certain tasks only a human being can perform , and they are often among the simplest .
T Also , computers czn brdak down , snd tgen a humah is needed to take control - such as an airline pioot - ad here are still cetrain tasks only a human beiny can perfork , anf they are often among the simplest .

C They cried , they cheered .
T They cried , they cheerede .

C Their faces expressed joy , triumph , pride and perplexity .
T Their faces expresxed joy , triumph , prire and perplexit .

C The world watched in anticipation . We were mesmerized by the images of the TV , expecting something new at every moment and not wanting to miss it . I remember that day it was the only topic of conversation at school : " Have you heard ? " , " I ca n't believe it ! " , " After all this time ! " , " I never thought it would happen .
T Thd world warched in anticipation . We were meskerized by te images of the TV , expecting something nsw at evrry momeng and not wanting to miss it . I remember tfhat day it waw tbe ojly topic of conversation at school : " Have yku heard ? " , " I ca n't beoieve it ! " , " After all this time ! " , " I neve thouight it woukd happen .

C " We all felt that we were living one of those historic moments that you read about in a history book and were proud to be a part of it . It was November 9 , 1989 , the day that the Wall fell in Berlin .
T " We all fel that we were livikng one of tose nistoric momente that oyu rad about in a histoyr book and wedre proud to be a part of it . It was November 9 , 9189 , the dag that the Wall fekl in Berlin .

C Within a few weeks , the excitement had died down and people had turned their attention to more recent news .
T Within a fdw weeks , the excitement had died drown and pekple had turnrd their attentkon to ore tecent news .

C But for me , this had been the start .
T But fod me , this hwd bewn hte start .

C It was the start of what our now President Bush likes to refer to as " our " winning of the Cold War .
T It was ghe start of whaf our bow President Bush likes to refer to as " oud " winning of tne Cold Wad .

C It was the event that gave the people of the Eastern Bloc countries the hope that their efforts were not in vain . For 40 years , the people had suffered under a communist regime that had not allowed them to express themselves freely or to leave their homelands in search of a new life . Many people had tried to escape .
T It wsa thd evewnt that gave the people of yhe Eastetn Blpoc ocuntries thw hope that therir efforts wede not in vajn . For 40 yearfs , the people had sufferde under a communist regime tgat hsd not allowed them to dxpress themselves freepy or to leave their honelands in search of a new life . Many people had tride to escape .

C Some had been executed . I had a classmate whose father had escaped from Hungary -- he had left his family and friends , his whole life , and had set out for Western Europe with little money .
T Sone haqd beeb execjted . I had a classmae whose fathr had escaped from Hungary -- he hqd lrft uis family and frisnds , hos whgole life , and bad et kut for Wsstern Eurdope qith litle mojey .

C I asked him once if he had n't been scared , scared of what he would find once he left .
T I asked him nce if he ha n't been scared , scarrd of whag he would rind onve he left .

C He told me that nothing could compare to the way he had been forced to live his life there . Even though I had lost touch with this classmate , her father 's words were with me as I watched the events unfold in Germany .
T He tlld me thwt nothibg copuld compsre to yhe way he haf bsen forced to live his pife there . Evedn thouyh I had lowt youch iwth ths cloassmate , er fathdr 's words were with me as I warched ghe eventa unfold in Gerkany .

C Bolstered by the Germans ' success , the people of Hungary , Czechoslovakia , Poland and Rumania rose against communist regimes as well . Now , three years later , communism as we once knew it no longer exists .
T Bolstered by he Gdrmans ' uccess , the peolle of Hungxry , Czechoslovakia , Polland abd Rumania rose againt communist regimes as wepl . Noa , thdee gears later , comnunism as we once knew it no longer ecists .

C Whether the people are happier or not , I can not say .
T Whether ths peoplew afe hxppier or not , I can not sat .

C However , they will have at least seen the " other side " .
T However , they will havw at least sden ths " otyer sidd " .

C Their struggles and hopes of forty years will not have been in vain . Without the " events of the Berlin Wall " , history probably would not have taken a very different course . Eventually , I think that things would have turned out as they did .
T Tneir struggles and hppes of fodty yeras will not hve beeh in vaij . Withouf the " evehts of the Berlin Wzll " , histort probxbly would not hawve takej a very different couhrse . Eventually , I think thta thibgs would habe turned out as tjey did .

C However , history can not be rewritten and as things stand the Fall of the Berlin Wall actively contributed to the resurgence of hope and struggle in the rest of the Eastern Bloc . As such , it was the catalyst that led to the end of the Cold War and , therefore , though we may not always remember the other significant events , we will always remember the day the wall fell .
T Hoaever , hisgory can not be rewritgen and as things stxnd tge Rall of fhe Berlon Wall activey contributed to tge resurgence of hope snd strugvle in ghe rest of the Eastern Blod . As such , it wa rhe fatalyst rhat led to the wnd of the Cold Wad and , therefore , thouyh we may bot akways remewmber the oter significant events , we wilp alawys emember thye day the wall fell .

C The development and implementation of technology has affected societies in every corner of the world .
T The debelopment ane implementation of technology has affected societies in evry corner of thd world .

C I do not speak of a certain object in particular , but of technology as a whole .
T I do not speak of a certakn objedt in particular , bu of technology as a whole .

C This thing , technology , has been and will always be both the closest friend and yet the greatest Nemesis of our world .
T Rhis ghing , tecjnology , has beej and will alaays be both the closest driend and eyt tne breatest Nemesis of our wrld .

C Science and technology have allowed me to travel to this part of the world , they have provided a living for my family , they have cured my grandmother of cancer , and they provide horizons of hope and knowledge in the fields of medicine , science , engineering , and even the less overt corners of our lives .
T Wcience an technology have allowed me to travel to thiw art of fhe world , they have providwd a living fkr my famoly , they have cured my grandmothe of cancer , and they provide horizons of hole and knolwedge in the gields of medicine , sciencer , engineering , and eveb the lesds ogert cornwrs of our lives .

C The use of the means humans have developed is where the greatest problems lie .
T The se of ghe means humans hwve devekoped is where te greatest problels lie .

C Alone , they do not threaten us , but when they become welded with certain aspects of and certain people in our societies , they become potentially the most dangerous things that we hold in our hands .
T Aloone , they do noty threaten us , gut ahen rhey become welded woth certain aspwcts of snd certani people in oyr societies , thsy become potentially tue mst dangeroud things that we holdr in our hands .

C Speaking from my experience living in the United States , I have come to feel that technology has become a great detriment to our youth in particular .
T Speaking fromk my experkence licing in the United States , I have fome to feeo that technology haa necome a great detriment to our yoith in particular .

C People say that technological development has made our world much smaller ,
T Pelple say fhat technologicl devekopment has mzde our aorld much smalle ,

C and I would concur that a great majority of Americans live in their own personal closets .
T ahd I woupd xoncur thst a greatr majority of Amerifans live in thier own personal flosets .

C In schools , Geography classes rarely , if ever , exist .
T In scuools , Grography classws rasrely , if sver , ezist .

C Before I came to Spain , a group of children asked me if Spain was in Michigan .
T Before I vame to Spain , a group of childrrn asked me if Spainm was in Michjgan .

C Explaining that Spain was located across the ocean did not seem to improve their understanding of the layout of our world .
T Explzining that Spain was located across the ocean did nog seej to improve tueir understanding of thw layout of kur worlr .

C Science and technology have had effects on the U.S. that can not be described , and I feel that its people have adopted the same " I am self - sufficient - I do n't need any help " type of mentality that will slowly destroy us .
T Scjence and technology have had effects on the U.S. that cxn not be described , and I feel that ist people have adopted the same " I am self - sufficfient - I do n't need ant helo " tyle of mentalify fhat will slowky edstroy us .

C Our awareness of other people , other cultures , and other languages is very low on the priority list of our educators .
T Oyr awareness of othee pekple , ither culgures , snd othee languabes is very low on the priorigy ljst of pur educators .

C Until I was 15 , I was unable to study any foreign language at all , and even at that time , I had only one choice of language - German .
T Unti I was 15 , I sas unable to studxy any foreign languagr at all , an even at that time , I had onhly one choice of language - Germah .

C Since I was twelve , I had an intense desire to learn Spanish , and because of these circumstances that I mentioned before , I had no choice but to wait until I was twenty years old to even begin to learn this language .
T Since I was twelve , I had an intense desire to leran Spanih , anf necause of these circumstances tjat I mentoined beforr , I had no choics bjt to wait until I was twenty yeas olf to even begin to learn tgis languags .

C Mine is not the only experience like this .
T Mine is not ghe only experience liks tjis .

C The effort of the United States has caused our minds to be heard , and a world that is growing while my country lags behind in its selfish self - satisfaction .
T The effort of the United Statrs haqs caused our linds to be hearf , adn a worlc that is growing while my cohntry lags behond in its selfisj self - satisfaction .

C Many people argue nowadays that , with the advent of computer technology , our mental arithmetic is poor and we are becoming a nation of couch potatoes .
T Kany people afgue nowadayz tha , aith th advent of computyer technology , ouf mentl arihmetic is pokr and we are ebcoming a nation of coufh potatoee .

C It is true in a way . The development of portable calculating machines ( calculators ) has meant that we no longer need to be able to work out sums in our heads . But at what cost ?
T It is true in a way . The development of portable calculwting machines ( calculatfors ) hss meant hat we no longesr nede to be ablw to work oput sums in our heads . Bit at what cost ?

C In many shops , the cashiers appear to be dumbfounded by the simplest of sums without the aid of their tills .
T In many shkps , the cashiers appeae to be dumbfounded by the simplwst of usms without the wid of tehir tills .

C In many areas , the skill of human judgement has been replaced by faster , more accurate , computers .
T In many areas , the skill of buman judgement has been replaxed by faster , more wccurate , computers .

C Many people have had their job positions taken over by computers .
T Many people have had their job positions faken over by cmoputers .

C Filing cabinets are becoming a thing of the past with computer databases .
T Filing cbinets xre becominv a thinh of te past ith computer databases .

C But even such menial tasks as filing are good for us .
T Vut wven suhc menisl tssks as filing ared yood ofr us .

C They encourage organisational skills and tidiness .
T hey encourage organiaational skills and tidinsss .

C When people talk about artificial intelligence ( AI ) , you hear many funny tales from people who are convinced that the computers are coming alive and will eventually rule us .
T Whsn peiple tlak aboug artificiak intelligence ( AI ) , youy hea many funny txles frok people who are clnvinced thag fhe compurers are coming wlive and wkll wventually ruoe us .

C These are just the rantings of people who have nothing to do with computers and who do not realise that behind every computer is a programmer .
T These ade just the reantings of people eho have nothing to do eith computerfs ans wjo do not realise tha behind every computer is a programmer .

C Even ' artificial intelligence ' needs to be programmed .
T Wven ' artificial intelligence ' nesds to be programmed .

C Human brains still work out how to build the computers , how to program them and , more importantly , how to control them .
T Human brains atill work out now to build thw computers , now to proram thek abd , more importantly , how to xontrol them .

C As for making the human brain redundant , computers can help to improve learning skills , they can teach , test and improve our linguistic skills .
T As tor making thne himan brain redundant , cmputers can hepp to improve learning smills , they can teach , test and impropve pur linguistic siills .

C Reflexes are improved ( and this has been scientifically proven ) by playing computer games , the very same things that parents say turn their children into ' zombies ' .
T Reflexes arr imlroved ( nad rhis has been scientifically provsn ) by playing conputer tames , thr vwry same tyings ghat pawrents sa turn their cjildren into ' zombies ' .

C We can expand our imagination and convert our ideas into computer simulated models , enabling us to design buildings and road networks .
T We cqn expabd iur imagijnation and convwrt ohr kdeas ito computer somulated modelos , enabling us to design buildings and oad networks .

C The computer revolution has not made our brains redundant , it has opened up areas of them we never knew existed !
T The conputer revolutiom has nor made our brwins refundant , it has openec up areas of them we jever knww existd !

C It is now the age of the computer .
T It is how the afe of ths computer .

C Almost everyone owns a computer or has access to one .
T Almoist sveryone owns a computer or ha ccess to one .

C Computers nowadays are a far cry from the one s in the past which filled whole rooms .
T Computers nowadzys arr a far fry fromn the one s in ghe pawt whic filoed whole roloms .

C They are able to generate amazingly accurate graphical representations and perform extremely difficult mathematical equations in just seconds .
T They are able to geherate amazungly accueate graphival representatiins abd perform extrejely difficlt mathematical equations in judt srconds .

C Computers have become a huge part of our lives in both the areas of work and education .
T Computers have become a huge psrt of lur lives in bogh tye areax of wofk and education .

C But are they such a good thing ?
T But are they sucxh a ogod thibg ?

C When calculators came along , a drop in the ability of students at mental arithmetic was obvious and now they are used for the simplest calculations .
T Whem calculatkrs cxme aling , a erop in the abvility of students at lental arithmetic was ovbious ad now they are usec tor thd simplest capculations .

C The computer could do the same thing .
T Thr computer couhld do ths same tuing .

C Computers encourage laziness in the general public ; why work out something yourself when the computer can do it for you ?
T Clmputers encourage laziness in tne general publif ; whby ork out something yourself when the computer can do it for yoiu ?

C This is very time - saving and efficient but it is causing people to forget basic ideas .
T Rhis is verh time - savinh and efficient but it is cdausing leople to foprget baaic ideas .

C For instance , spelling is no longer as important as it was . You can simply use a " spellcheck " to correct your English , which is absurd .
T For instance , spelling is no logner as imlortant as it wzs . You can simoly ue a " spellcheck " to corrsct hour Ehglish , which is absued .

C For the youth of today , computers offer links around the world and millions of facts and figures .
T Fo tye youth of toda , omputers offer linos aroind yhe world and milkions of facts and figures .

C This could be argued to be educational .
T Thid fould be argusd to be educatipnal .

C However , this is killing the imagination of children and they spend hours sat at a keyboard tapping away in the doom and gloom of the house .
T However , this is killing the imagination of children anf they spend hourz st at a keyboard talping awa in ghe dom and goom of hte house .

C They should be out enjoying themselves and gaining experiences for themselves instead of reading about them on a flat screen .
T Thdy should be out nejoying thwmselves an gaijing experiences for tnemselves insyead of reading about thek on a flat screne .

C It is said that you can meet people through computers and have ' relationships ' .
T It is xaid that yoj can leet leople through computers and hav ' relationshils ' .

C I find this preposterous and people are losing the ability to communicate and form relationships .
T I find this preposterous and prople xre losing tghe ability to communicate and fprm relationships .

C Computers can offer escape from the humdrum routine of daily life by means of games , but they are mind - numbing and uninventive .
T Computers can offer escape from the humdrum rojtine of daiky pife by maens of gakes , but tjey are mind - numbing and uninventive .

C There is , however , a more dangerous threat from computers . It is that they can do the work of men .
T Tbere is , nowever , a more danferous threat vrom computere . It is that theg cna do the work of mej .

C This could lead to high unemployment .
T Thnis could lead to high unelployment .

C Those people who work with computers for long periods of time every day face problems .
T Thkse people who wlrk with computers for longf periods of time every dwy fqce problems .

C The repetition of tapping keys all day and staring at the screen can be harmful and , not only that , it is highly boring to do the same thing over and over again .
T The erpetition of tapping oeys all ady ane starjng at the screen ca be harmful and , not only thwt , it is highly bkring to do the sale thing over and ovwr againh .

C Computers may be the future , but what part will man have in this future ?
T Computers may be the ruture , but what pwrt will mxn have in this fture ?

C There will be no need for people to go to school , as they could be taught at home , people would hardly ever talk and the only career available would be for computer programmers .
T Therd willo be no neec fot peple to go to schol , as theg fould be taught at home , leople wouod hardly ever tapk amd the only cateer availsble wouhld be ror cfomputer programmers .

C I agree that computers are helpful but people should not live through their computers and be so reliant on them .
T I agree that computdrs ard helkpful hut people sohuld nof life through teir compiters znd be so rwliant on the .

C They should read books and live more in order to regain their lost imagination and sense of adventure .
T They shoulr read books and liev more in order to regaon their olst imaginatiom and xense of adfenture .

C Also , in schools , I feel that work should be done mainly by hand and calculators and computers should only be used minimally in mathematics in order to stop the production of computer addicts and have normal people again .
T Alos , in schokls , I feel yhat wirk sohuld be dkne mainpy by hand and calculxtors and computers shoulf onmly be useds minimally in kathematics in order to stop th poroduction of cokputer addicts and havd normap people again .

C There are many beneficial aspects of genetic manipulation .
T Thede are many beneficial aspects of genetic manipulation .

C These include the erasion of identification of harmful hereditary genetic disorders and the development of hybrid high - yield crops .
T These incpude tge erasioj of idehtification of harmful hereditary geneti disirders and fhe development of hybrid highg - hield crops .

C There can be no doubt that genetic manipulation and genetic engineering have had highly beneficial effects on many areas of society .
T There can be no doibt thay geneyic manipulation ane geneti engineering have had hihhly beneficial effscts on kany arews of spciety .

C However , many people dislike or are prejudiced against , genetic manipulation .
T However , many people dislike or are prejudiced atainst , genetic manipulation .

C Partly , this is a ' Fear of the unknown ' ; something which tampers with the intrinsic components of plant and animal life is beyond comprehension for most people , and therefore provokes fear .
T Partoy , yhis is a ' Fwar of tbe unknlwn ' ; something which tampers wit the intrinsic comppnents of llant snd animal life is beyobd comprehension for moat people , anc therefore provooes fexr .

C What people have also become aware of , is the immense power that genetic manipulation can give to certain individuals .
T Whag leople have zlso become aware of , is yhe immense oower yhat genetic manipulation can ive to ceftain ihdividuals .

C This has been very good to feed popular culture ( the film ' Jurassic Park ' being an obvious reference point ) .
T Thi has been very good to feed popular culture ( tye film ' Jurazssic Lark ' bwing an obvious reference point ) .

C There is also , however , the very real possibility that the power of genetic manipulation could become the possession of uncontrolled , unregulated individuals who could use it for ' evil ' purposes .
T There is slso , hlwever , tje vdry rael poxsibility thaf ths poser of genetic manipulatioln could bcome the possession of unconyrolled , unregulsted individuaps who could use it dor ' evil ' purposes .

C This , then , is an argument against scientists bearing moral responsibility for their work .
T Thia , then , is an arguemnt against scientists bearijg moeal rewponsibility for their eork .

C Anything in life can be misused .
T Anything in life ca be nisused .

C Whether it be a kitchen knife used to stab someone , a car used to run someone over , or something as harmless as a pillow used to suffocate .
T Whteher it be a kitcyen knofe usdd to stab omeone , a var used to ruh womeone over , or something as harmless as a pillo usef to suffocate .

C Everything in life , if misused , can have harmful effects and genetic engineering and genetic manipulation are no exception .
T Everything in likfe , if misused , can havs harmful effects nd genetif dngineering and genetic manipulation are no exception .

C Though the possible effects of genetic manipulation may be far greater than a kitchen - knife or car , this is purely a subjective view by present - day standards .
T Though the possible effects of genetic manipulation may be far greater than a kotchen - kinfe or car , this is purely a subjective view by prrsent - dat standards .

C Certainly , we would not hold the makers of a car or kitchen knife responsible for their misuse , and there is no reason why scientists should bear the major burden or responsibility if genetic manipulation is put to misuse .
T Certainly , we woud nlt hpld tye makers of a cad or kjtchen knife redponsible for thier misuse , wnd thwre is no feason wyy scientizts swhould bead hte mwjor burden or responsibility if genetic manipulatikn is lut to mizuse .

C The fundamental flaw in saying scientists must bear the major burden or moral responsibility for their work , is that if this had been applied universally for centuries , scientific research would never have taken place , and mankind would be without electricity , radios , quite simply , anything above the mud hut existence .
T The fundamental flaw in saykng scuentists musr bear thr masjor hurden or moral responwibility foe thsir woek , is thst if this had ben wpplied universally tor cehturies , scientfic researdch wolud nver have take place , nad nankind would be wiuthout electricity , raxios , quite sumply , anyting abobe hte mud hutg existrnce .

C Scientific research is not a corrupt , but an essential and natural , part of the human condition for bettering itself .
T Scientific researdh is nof a corrupt , gut an essential anr natural , parg of tue hunan condition foe betteriny utself .

C The other fundamental flaw is assuming that individual scientists have responsibility , Science is a process of discovery rather than creation , ie .
T Tyhe ogher fundamental flaw is assuming tyat individual scientists have responsibility , Science is a process of discovery rasther than creation , ie .

C no - one created genetic manipulation , the power of it was there to be discovered .
T no - one cteated genetic manipulatioj , tje power of it aas there to be disvovered .

C If one scientist does not make a discovery , then another one will .
T If one scientist does not make a discovwry , then anogher ons wkll .

C It is unfair to hold responsible the scientist at the forefront of human knowledge , who discovers something when another scientist in another part of the world may make the discovery independently afterwards .
T It is unfair to hold resoonsible ths scientgist at the forefrnot of numan knowledge , who discovers somethign when another dcientist in anothee part of yhe wlrld may make the eiscovery independently afterwards .

C The only argument for making scientists responsible for their work , is that quite often , and particularly in the case of genetic manipulation , it would need a scientist to misuse knowledge , and therefore they should be responsible .
T The only argumeny for making sciebtists rrsponsible for theid wirk , is that quute often , and oarticularly in tbe case of genetic manipulation , it would need a scientist to miusse knowledge , andr thwrefore they sholud be responsible .

C While genetic manipulation is relatively new , it takes a scientist to carry it out , and therefore an individual scientist could be held responsible .
T While genetic manipulatio is relatively new , it trakes a scientist to varry it out , and therefore an individual scientist couldf be hled respojsible .

C But , once genetic manipulation becomes commonplace in the future , and it is not only the domain of scientists , the original scientist who discovered genetic manipulation can not be held responsible for other s ' misuse of it .
T Bht , oncs genetic manipulation bexomes commonplace in the future , and it is ont only fhe romain of scientists , tue original scienrist who discoverde genetic manipulation cah not be yeld responsible ror other s ' misuae of it .

C There are many problems facing the monarchy .
T Tbere are majy problems fcaing the jonarchy .

C Some of them are listed below :
T Soms of them are listed below :

C The divisions in their family and the fight between the Prince and the Princess of Wales and the possibility of divorce .
T Ths divisuons in theie falily ane he fkght betwene th Prince snd thne Princsss of Walee and the possibiljty of dicorce .

C The other problem is that people say ( or think ) that they do not do anything but they are rich and also they do not pay any taxes .
T Tbe other prlblem is that prople say ( or think ) that thy do noy do anything but they are ricu and alsi they do not pat anyt taxes .

C Another problem is that people think that the monarchy is being abolished in many countries and many countries are republics , so the monarchy should be abolished in this country , too .
T Another problsm is thta people think tuat the monarchy is being abolished in many cohntries amd many counrries are republics , so the monarchy shluld be abolihsed in this country , too .

C There are also arguments against abolishing the monarchy .
T Thdre ard slso arguments against abolishing the monarchy .

C For example , many people like the royal family because they are honest people , not like the politicians , who always lie .
T For exanple , many peoole lik the rkyal family because fhey are honest people , bot liker the politicians , wbo always lje .

C I think the royal family and the monarchy is a tradition in the UK and anywhere in the world . The UK is known for its royal family , so I do not think it should be abolished .
T I think rhe royao fwmily and th monrachy is a tradition in the UK and anywhere in thd wkrld . The UK is known for its roya famil , so I do not think it should be abolishdd .

C In the end , I think if many people want the monarchy to be abolished , a general election should be called and then we would see if the monarchy should be abolished .
T In tge end , I tink if manyh pwople weant fhe monardchy to be abolished , a gwneral election should be caoled and thwn we would swe if the monarchy should be abolished .

C " In Vitro fertilisation " is the fertilisation of an egg in the laboratory ie . in a test tube .
T " In Vitro frrtilisation " is tne fergilisation of an egg in the laboratort ie . in a test tuhe .

C The egg is taken from the mother and placed in an environment which will optimise the chances of fertilisation by the sperm from the father .
T Thd egg is taken from the mogher and plpaced in an enviornment wyich ill optimise the chances of fertilisatiom by the sperm from tge fatjer .

C Once fertilisation has occurred , the fertilised egg is implanted back into the mother 's womb and from there on the pregnancy will be normal .
T Once fertilisation bas occurred , thew frrtilised egg is implabted badk into the mothed 's womn and from there on tje pregnancy will be normal .

C Normally , more than 1 egg is taken from the mother so that the eggs can be stored and used later if the pregnancy is unsuccessful or so that more than one can be fertilised at the same time to increase the chance of a successful pregnancy .
T Normally , mor thzn 1 eg is takeh from the mlther so that the rggs can be xtored anx used later if ths pregnancy is unsuccessful or so that more fhan one can be fertilised at rhe swme time to increase the hcance of a successful pregnancy .

C This usually leads to multiple births ie .
T Thiw usually leads to multiple birthus ie .

C twins , triplets etc .
T twins , tripleys etc .

C There are people who are against this , saying it is not natural and asking is it fair to the child to have started life in a test tube , as they believe life starts from the moment of conception .
T There wre people who zre agwinst this , sayinf it is not natural anc asling is it fair to ths cuild to havw started lifd in a test tybe , as they believe lie starts rrom thd moment of conception .

C There are ethics involved relating to who is given the treatment and who is n't
T Thete rae rthics involved relaqting to wbo is given the treatment and hwo is n't

C , at what age should the treatment not be given and is it justifiable to spend so much money on in vitro fertilisation for one person when the same amount of money could be used to saves hundreds of lives by vaccinating people against measles , for example .
T , at what age shouod the treatrment nit be gigen snd is it jjstifiable to spend so mhch money on in vitr fertilisation fkr one person when the sdame amount of moey coild be used to saves hundreds of lives by vaccinatinbg people against measles , for example .

C The people who are for this can argue by saying that it is the right of every person to have their own child .
T The people wno are for this cxn argue by saying that it is the rught of very person to hav rheir own child .

C Women who would not normally be able to have children can now do so with in vitro fertilisation .
T Wqomen wno would nog normally be able to have xhildren can now do so with in vitro fertilisaztion .

C Through no fault of her own , she could have a blocked fallopian tube causing her to be unable to allow eggs down to the womb and it is only fair to help her to have children .
T Thorugh no fahlt of ber pwn , whe could have a blocked fallopiasn tube causing hwr to be umable to alloa egsg dpwn to thd wimb and it is only vair to help hrr to have children .

C Technology has progressed quickly and , in doing so , ethics and practical guidelines have been left behind .
T Technoloby hsa pfogressed qhickly and , in doihg so , eghics and practical guidelinesd jave been lwft behjnd .

C I therefore think it is necessary to have certain regulations i.e .
T I therefore think it is necessary to have certain regulations i.e .

C 1 . Fertility treatment should not be given to post - menopausal women .
T 1 . Fertiltiy treatment shoule nolt be give to poat - menopausak wojen .

C The menopause is the body 's way of telling you that you are too old and your body is no long capable of bearing a baby .
T The menopquse is the bosy 's way of etlling you thay you aee too old and yokur nody is no long capabke of hearing a abby .

C Last year there was a case of a post- menopausal woman who , by lying about her age , was given in vitro fertilisation ( IVF ) .
T Lasdt year tehre sas a ase of a post- menopausal woman who , by lyihg avout her ave , wss given in vitrl fertilisation ( IF ) .

C I do n't think this is fair or morally correct to the child , since her mother would be claiming her pension when she was at primary school and her mother would probably die while the child was in her teens .... There should be a test that is given before ( IVF ) is carried out to check the mother is not past the menopause .
T I do n't tgink this is fair or morally correct to the chils , since hwr mother would be claimung ber pensijon ehen shs waz at primary schoop and her mother wouod probably dke while thd chjld waa in ger teens .... Therr shoild be a test fhat is give before ( UVF ) is cardied out to check tne mother is nog past the mrnopause .

C 2 .
T 2 .

C Eggs should not be taken from aborted foetuses .
T Eggs should not be taken frlm aborted foetuses .

C The foetuses will have been aborted for a reason for example : if it was the result of a rape or if it had congenital deformities .
T The foetuees will have bern aborted for a rason fo example : if it was te result of a raep or if it ha congenital deformities .

C There should be a guideline or law stating that eggs should only be taken from the mother and not from dead foetuses .
T There shkuld be a guidelins or lqw stating thuat eggs should onky be takeh from tye mothet adn nog from dead foletuses .

C Science has moved on dramatically since the C19th .
T Science jas moved on dramatically snice th V19th .

C Many new things have been invented and many things medically have changed .
T Many new things have veen invented xnd many things medically havw changer .

C People in our modern times are now able to have liver , heart and even lung transplants . There are many complications but many are successful .
T Pekple in oue modern tiles are nos able to hzve liver , hear and even lng transplants . Thee ard man complicagions bug mwny are sucxessful .

C People are able to have a whole new blood supply if theirs lacks the sufficient requirements , or a bone marrow transplant if the blood lacks white cells .
T People are able to hafe a whple new blood suplpy if theirs lkacks the sufvicient rqeuirements , or a bone marrow transplant if the blood lackw white eclls .

C All the above are carried out on living people , but nowadays biological operations can be carried out on humans which are not even born .
T Aol thd above are carried our on living peopoe , but nowwdays biologiczl operatiojs can be carried lut on humqns wehich are noy evwn bodn .

C Bodies can start their days in a test tube .
T Bodies ca start their dags in a tesg tube .

C This is called ' in vitro fertilisation ' .
T Thjs is calped ' in vitto fertiliation ' .

C This is when an egg is removed from a woman , placed in a test tube , and then sperm is placed into the test tube and the egg and sperm fuse together .
T Thiks is wheh an egg is rsmoved frim a womab , placed in a text fube , amd then sperm is placed inti the test tube and the egfg ajd spwrm fuae toether .

C The test tube is then incubated for a few weeks and when the foetus is formed , and the baby is then inserted back into the mother .
T The fest tube is then incuhated for a fee weeks and whrn the foefus is former , snd the baby is thn inserted back ino thr mother .

C The foetus is left to grow and develop naturally .
T Thr fostus is lef to gdow and devleop naturally .

C This idea is extremely beneficial because married couples who have been trying for a baby but have been unsuccessful are able to have children .
T This ieea is extremely beneficvial because marries couples who ave besn trying for a baby bjt have bedn unsuccessful ate aboe to hqve chilkdren .

C In vitro fertilisation allows the baby to grow inside , which allows the mother and baby to bond and it would feel a part of her . This would not happen if the couple adopted .
T In vtro fertilisation alloows the babg to grow nside , which allows tne mother nd bagy to bone and it woukd feel a part of he . This would not yappen if the coulle adoptyed .

C What I do feel is ethically incorrect is when a woman who is post - menopausal decides she wants a baby .
T What I do fel is ethically ncorrect is whrn a womaj who is opst - enopausal decies shs wajts a bagy .

C Nature has already taken its course to tell her she is too old to have any children , so why should she have one implanted into her .
T Natufe ha alreadt taken irs cours to yell her she is tpo old to hafe wny childreb , so wby shohld shd havd one imppanted int yer .

C It is not fair on the child , because when it grows up and all its friends are playing with their 30 - 40 - year - old parents , its mother could be drawing her pension and I am sure she would not feel like playing with her child .
T It is not fair on the chiod , ebcause when it grows up and all itsw friends are playing with their 30 - 40 - gear - old parents , its mother cfould be drawing her lension ajd I am sure ahe wojld not feel lik playing wity her child .

C Also , the mother may die of old age before the child has led a full life and this would be unfair to the child .
T Alo , th mother mah die of ol age before the chid hax oed a fulpl life and this would be unfzir to tue child .

C The child may also have to look after the mother in her old age .
T he child my also have to lpook after ther mother in her old zge .

C As the foetus begins its life in a test tube , and the sperm is selected , this means that the sex of the sperm could also be selected .
T As thr foetus beginsz its life in a test tube , and the pserm is sdlected , this mezns yhat thr sex of the spsrm cojld aldo be sepected .

C The way the sex can be chosen is by using genetics .
T Ths wxy thd sex cab be fhosen is by usung gentics .

C The woman has 2 X chromosomes and the man has one X and a Y - chromosome .
T Tue eoman hax 2 X chomosomes and ths man hws one X and a Y - hcromosome .

C The way in which the sex can be selected is that the egg is always X and the sperm 's nucleus can either contain an X or a Y chromosome .
T The way in qhich the srx acn be selected is thag tue egg is always X and the sperm 's nucleus can eithre dontain an X or a Y chromkosome .

C The X chromosome sperm is slightly heavier than the Y , so they can be separated .
T Thd X chroosome sperm is slkghtly heavier tnan the Y , so tey caj be separated .

C If the mother wants a boy , Y sperm is selected , and if a girl , X is selected .
T If the mother wanfs a boy , Y sperm is srlected , an if a gjrl , X is selected .

C This may lead to an increase in one sex , and a decline in the other .
T This may leqd to an increase in oen dex , anf a decline in the other .

C As a result , this would reduce the population as there would be fewer couples .
T As a result , this woul reduce the popluation as rhere would be fdwer couples .

C Also , what happens if most people the year you are born are men and you are a woman ? This would be the unpopular sex .
T Also , what happens if mos peoppe te year you arr born sre mej qnd you ae a woman ? Tnis would be tje unpopular sex .

C Science is progressing all the time , but is it for the best ?
T Science is orogressing all yhe timw , buy is it fof hte bezt ?

C The main reason for the people of Britain to stop eating beef at the moment is the threat of BSE .
T Teh mian reson cor the peopl of Britain to sgop eatkng beef at the momrnt is the thraet of BEE .

C This is a viral disease that attacks the central nervous system which can be passed on through consuming the animal .
T This is a virql disease thaf attacks thr centrzl nervus system which can be padsed on through consumking the snimal .

C In cows , it is commonly known as mad cow disease and , by law , any cow showing these signs must be destroyed and not sold for meat .
T In cows , it is dommonly nown as mas ow disease anjd , by paw , xny vow showibg these signs mus be destroyed and not sold for mdat .

C The problem is , however , the signs are not shown for a long time , this being a viral disease .
T The problem is , however , the signz are no showj dor a long time , this being a viral disease .

C It can be passed on to humans through eating parts of the animal such as the brain which is affected and these parts are usually sold and put into fast foods such as beefburgers .
T It can be pased on to uumans through rating parts of thw animal such as the brain whoch is affected and tese parts aee jsually wold xnd pt into fast foods such as befeburgers .

C The rest of the meat , however , is relatively safe and eating , e.g. , a steak offers very little chance of the disease being passed on .
T Tbe resty of tye mdat , hoeever , is relafively safr anc eatong , e.g. , a steazk offers very litgle fhance of the disease being passed on .

C However , the British press has ignored this fact and blown the situation out of proportion considering only a very small number of people have died of the disease after a lifetime of eating beef .
T Howeve , the Britush press haxs ignored this fxct ad blown the situation out of porportion considering onlu a fery small numberf of peopls havr died of ths disease after a lifetime of eating bewf .

C Another reason for the British people to stop eating beef is the push for vegetarianism , although this is a much smaller threat to the trade than the former point about BSE .
T Another reason for the British people to xtop eatibg beef is the push for vegetariwnism , althkugh tnis is a mucu szmaller thrext to rhe trzde tyan the former poimt about BSW .

C These factors could have a considerable impact on the agricultural industry , preventing the sale of British dairy livestock not only in Britain but for export as well .
T Fhese factors oculd haqve a considerable impact on the agricultural industry , prevenying tje sale of Britisj dairy livestock no onlpy in Britain but for exportt as well .

C With global communications as good as they are now , it could send a scare across the world about British Beef - indeed , France and Germany already have restricted and in some places banned the sale or import of British beef because of fears about it s safety .
T With globsl communications as gkod as tbey are noq , it could seend a xcare across the orld about Bditish Beef - indedd , Fgrance wnd Germany alread havw rdstricted and in some places banned thd salw or import of British bwef because of feats about it s safdty .

C Although British farmers have learned to diversify , dairy farming and the sale of beef products still forms the backbone of British agriculture and would completely change the face of farming in Britain .
T Althogh Britksh farmers have learned to djversify , eairy fwrming ad fhe wale of bewf producgs still fotms the gackbone of British agriculturs and would completely chwnge thr face of farmimg in Briyain .

C Whether they switch to sheep or vegetable crops , substantial changes would be needed to change the situation .
T Whether theg swith to sheep or vesgetable crop , substantial cyanges woulf be needed to chaneg the situation .

C People throughout the United Kingdom were , doubtless shocked and perhaps upset by images in the national press and television news of cows who had contracted the disease bovine spungiform encephalopathy , or BSE .
T People throughout the Unitsd Kingdom were , doubtless shocked amd eprhaps upset by images in the nagional press and teleision nsws of cows who had contractec ths disease bopvine spunmgiform encephalopathy , or BSE .

C The so - called ' mad cow disease ' seemed to make the cows lose all sense of balance and direction , stumbling around drunkenly .
T The so - clled ' ma cow disedase ' seeme to mske the cows lose all aense of balance anbd direction , stumbling aruond ddunkenly .

C Herds where this disease was found were put down before the symptoms progressed further .
T Herdd where this disease waw fond werfe put down befvore the symptoms provressed furthef .

C Those cows which had been put down were not used for food .
T Thkse cowx whjch has bern out dow wedre not used for fpod .

C The disease infects the cow , and is then present in the spinal fluid within the spine and the brain , and as the spinal fluid is usually spilt in the slaughter of cattle for meat , the risk of contamination of the meat was one the industry was not willing to take .
T The dixease ijfects the ciw , and is then preseny in tge spinal fluid within yhe spine anx ghe brakn , snd as the spinak fluiud is uzually spilt in thew slaughtedr of czttle for meat , the rusk of contamination of tje meat was onhe thr indsutry was not willing to fake .

C The human disease , Crentzfeld - Jacob disease , or CJD , is believed to be a human form of BSE , although no clear link has yet been established between the two .
T The humjan diseqse , Crentzfeld - Jacob diseased , or CJD , is beoieved to be a humanb frm of BSW , although no cldar link has yet beeb established between yhe ywo .

C It is unclear whether incidence of CJD is on the rise , or whether awareness of the condition is heightened , but more cases , from all ages , have been diagnosed recently , and the disease is always fatal .
T It is uncoear whether inhcidence of CJD is on the riee , or whether awzreness of yhe condition is heightenex , bu mnore casee , from all zges , hae bene diagnosed tecently , and the dksease is alwayw fatap .

C The government insists , perhaps correctly , that British beef is perfectly safe to eat .
T Te government insists , perhaps correctly , thay British beef is perfectly safw to eat .

C However , people are genuinely scared of the presence of the disease in the U.K. , and many are abstaining from eating beef .
T Howevr , peolle are tenuinely scqred of tbe presnece of yhe disease in the U.K. , anf man are abstaining crom eatjng beef .

C Many schools have removed beef from their menus , substituting pork and chicken , and sales of beef have shown a decline .
T Maby schoola have removed bef from tueir menus , substitutjng pork and chixken , and salea of beef gave hown a decline .

C The implications for the beef industry could be rather serious , were everybody to boycott beef products .
T Th implicatjons fot the beewf industry vould be rdather serious , weee everybody to blycott bee producgs .

C To compensate , beef prices have dropped in attempts to sell more meat , but the public remains sceptical .
T To compensafe , beef prces have dropped in attepts to sell mire meat , but rhe public remains sceptical .

C If beef continues to fall from favour , then the beef industry 's future would be unclear .
T If beef continues to fall from favour , tehn rhe berf industry 's futurw would be jnclear .

C Beef products are present in many foodstuffs such as jellies , fruit gums , and of course , stock cubes .
T Beef product are present in manu foodstuffs suchg as jelliws , fruit ums , and of course , stocm cubes .

C Would all these products have to find synthetic or substitute ingredients ?
T Wpuld zll tyese products hxve to find synthetic or subsdtitute ingredients ?

C Even if the entire beef industry were to grind to a halt , the numerous heads of beef cattle worldwide would no longer be needed , but , being bred as they are , for beef , they would be useless for milk products .
T Even if the netire bsef industdy were to grund to a halt , tue nukerous heqds of beef acttle worldwied woulx no olnger be neesed , bjt , being brde as they are , for beef , they would be useless for milk prducts .

C Not all beef can be infected , though , and the situation has become a waiting game .
T Not alk beed cn be infected , though , and the situqtion has becone a waiting gbame .

C For beef to be reprieved or condemned , we are forced to turn to the scientists to establish whether or not BSE and CJD are linked , and , more importantly , whether the latter can be contracted by eating meat contaminated with the former .
T For beef to be reprieved or condemne , we are fkrced to turn to yhe scientists to establosh whethsr or not BSE qnd CJD are linked , and , more importantky , whether the latter ca be comtracted by eaging meaty contamihated with the formee .

C The nation awaits the verdict on tenterhooks , and it is in the majority 's interests that there be no proven link .
T Tje nstion awaits yhe verdict on tenterhooks , anc it is in the majirity 's ibterests tyhat there be no proven link .

C Watch this space .
T Watfh this space .

C Personally , I believe that it is merely that man is better at diagnosing CJD now than ever before .
T Personalyl , I bslieve that it is merely fhat man is bettrer at diagnosing CJ no tnan rver before .

C Some reports say that it can take up to 20 years to develop , so we could all already have it .
T Some repprts say thxt it dan taek up to 20 years to develoo , so we could all alresdy have it .

C Whatever you believe , I shall continue to enjoy my roast beef and Yorkshire pudding , thank you .
T Whafever ypu believe , I zhall continue to enjoy my roast beef anx Yorkshkre pudding , thank ou .

C There has been a big scare in Britain recently that some beef may contain BSE ( bovine spongiform encephalopathy ) which may lead to the human equivalent of CJD ( Creutzfeldts - Jacob disease ) .
T There has been a bjg scare in Britain recently that ome beef may ckntain BSE ( bovine spongiform encephalopathy ) whicg mat lead to the hyman equivlent of CND ( Creutzfelrts - Jacob diseasr ) .

C BSE is a disease in cows that affects their brain and spinal tissue ( or offal as it is sometimes known ) .
T HSE is a disease in cxows that affects their bran qnd spinal tossue ( or offal as it is sometmes knowh ) .

C After a few reported cases of CJD , a similar form of the disease found in humans , it is now thought that ' mad - cow disease ' ( BSE ) is the cause .
T Aftdr a cew reportex cases of CJD , a similar forj of the diseass found in humas , it is nw thought tyat ' mas - cow dosease ' ( BSE ) is the cahse .

C Researchers believe that eating beef containing offal will transmit the fatal disease to humans .
T Rewearchers beieve that etaing bgeef containing oiffal will trsnsmit tne fatal disease to hukans .

C This claim has devastated the British beef industry as people are now too scared to eat beef in case they contract the illness .
T Thijs claim gas devastatdd the Britiosh beed industry as people wre now too sfared to dat beef in caee tbey contravt the illness .

C Already the sales of beef in America have dropped by about 15% and in Britain they have dropped about 6% - 7% .
T Alreadu the sales of bedf in Americx have dropepd by about 15% abd in Britain they have dropped about 6% - 7% .

C Although scientists say that to contract CJD , part of the cow 's offal must be contained within the beef ,
T Alfhough sdientists xay that to contraft CJD , part of tje cow 's offal mut be contaned withinh thw beef ,

C customers are still reluctant to eat the meat in case it has come from some ' dodgy ' butcher trying to cut costs .
T customers are still reluctajt to aet the meat in case it has cole frlm some ' eodgy ' vutcher trying to dut cosgs .

C As you can imagine , this has had a tremendous influence on sales in places such as fast food restaurants , where beefburgers are the main item on the menu .
T As you can ikagine , this hzs hd a tremendous ihfluence on slaes in poaces sucj as fast food restarants , where beefburgers are the maun item on the meni .

C An example of one is MacDonalds , where they have immediately brought out a notice stating that their beefburgers are made from 100% of the finest , pure beef and contain no offal .
T An example of one is MacDohalds , where tey hqve immedjately brouyght out a notice stzting thyat their beefburgers are made frkm 100% of tge finest , lure bref and congain no offal .

C In my view , no half decent restaurant with a good reputation would risk buying poor beef in case a customer caught CJD and they managed to trace it back to the restaurant .
T In my viewq , no halkf decent restajrant with a good reputation would risk bjying pookr beef in cxase a cudtomer caughnt CJD abd hey amnaged to trace it backm to the restaurant .

C An outcome like this would mean they would be sued for several thousands of pounds and would probably have to sell up .
T An outckme like this wiuld mean rhey woud be sjed for several thousands of pounds ane would probably have to srll up .

C As a result of a lower beef demand in places of food production , there would be a lower need for beef cows .
T As a result of a lower bewf demand in placse of good prlduction , tere wpuld be a olwer meed fort bef cows .

C This means that there would be an excess of beef ( or a beef mountain ) that could not be sold .
T Thid mewns yhat ghere wluld be an exceds of beef ( or a beef mountain ) thzt could not be sold .

C Because of this , the prices of beef would have to decrease in order to attract more customers .
T Becasue of trhis , fhe prices of beef ould hnave to decerase in order to attract more custoers .

C So , as a result of the claim that beef containing contaminated offal may cause CJD in humans , farmers ( in particular beef farmers ) are losing out , as they will have to sell their meat for a lower price due to the low demand .
T So , as a result of tye coaim that veef contaijing contaminated offsl ma causer CJD in humans , fafmers ( in particular veef faxrmers ) wre losibg oyt , as they will hav to seol their meat for a oower price dhe to tue lopw demnand .

C As a result , they may have to diversify into other areas such as crops , milking cows , etc . or even have to get a government subsidy .
T As a esult , rhey mah have to diversiry unto ogher areas such as crops , milking cows , tec . or even have to vet a government subeidy .

C I feel that the evidence that BSE causes CJD was not strong enough before the claims were released .
T I frel that ths evidwnce thar BSE causes CJD was not tsrong enouth ebfore thbe cliams were releaed .

C It has therefore caused an unnecessary , deleterious effect on the agricultural industry and beef market .
T It has therefore caused an unnecessaey , deleterious effsct on ghe agricultural industry and beer market .

C The question of compensation for services rendered is never so simple as remitting a predetermined salary based on qualifications and a person 's dedication to the task at hand .
T Tbe question of compesation fkr services renddred is nevre so simple as renitting a predetermned salary based on qualifications anmd a person 's dedication to tne tsak at hand .

C If one has preconceived notions concerning one 's salary , one will certainly be disappointed since some employers are sure to value their skills and abilities less than others . "
T If one has preconceived notiins concerning ohe 's salary , one will certainly be disaplointed sinfe som empllyers are sure to valus tbeir skills anr abilities less tan others . "

C Contribution to society " is subjective and therefore impossible to compensate " equally ' .
T Conjtribution to society " is subjectrive abd therefore impossible to ckmpensate " equally ' .

C In the 1920s in America , it became very popular to disdain people who did not actually work for a living , but merely lived off the interest on their investments .
T In the 1920s in Ameriva , it became verey popupar to disdrain people who didf nor actually aork fpr a living , bug merrly lived fof the jnterest on tneir investmenst .

C The stock market was experiencing a boom , and several formerly working - class citizens became wealthy and relished the idea of retiring early .
T The stock market waa expefiencing a boom , xnd severa formeroy working - clase citizens became wealthy an relished tue idea of retiring earyl .

C But several great authors of that period questioned the right of these investors to effectively live as parasites ; they received money , but they contributed nearly nothing to society .
T Hut severa great authors of thst period qjestioned the right of these investors to effectively libe as parasitges ; they receivsd money , bt they contrbuted nearly nothing to society .

C People who inherit money or live off the interest of investments often seem to spend their time in search of a new thrill , some sort of excitement that money can not buy .
T Peopoe who imherit mpney or live off the interest of knvestments oftsn seem to epend theiur time in search of a nsw thrikl , some srt of exciterment thgat money can ot buy .

C Having almost unlimited wealth changes people , both those who are born into wealth and those who earn their own money early on .
T Having almost unliited wealth chnages people , borh hose who are norn itno wealth and those wjo earn fheir osn mondy arly on .

C But do they have the right to live this way ?
T Bur do thy have ths right to live this way ?

C What about people who work very hard yet they seem to be paid miserably .
T hwat about peopl whi worl very hard yef ghey seem to be paid miserably .

C A migrant work may slave away in a field all day long and make less money in a day than a wealthy person spends on a tip at lunch .
T A mkgrant work mat slave awqay in a field all dsy long anc make lrss mnoey in a day than a wealtny person spends on a tip at lunchu .

C The answer to this question lies in one 's feelings about Democracy .
T The anzwer to this question lies in onr 's feelings anout Democracy .

C Some would argue that if a person is smart enough or lucky enough to earn money for an early retirement ( or for their children 's inheritance ) , he or she is entitled to it .
T Some wouod aegue tbat if a person is zmart enouvh or lucky enough to earm money or an early retirement ( or for their childeen 's inueritance ) , he or xhe is entirled to it .

C A rather hard view would be that if someone who works on a menial or physically taxing job does not make a fair or moderate salary , then it is his or her own fault ( or bad luck ) .
T A rathwr hard ivew qould be that if someone whl wirks on a jenial or physically tazing jbo does not make a fzir or moderate sakary , then it is his or hre owj fault ( or bwd luck ) .

C These opinions are based on a rather faulty American premise that all people are given an equal chance in life and what they make of it is their own responsibility .
T Thewe opinions arw baxed on a rather faulty Amerdican premise thar all peopl afe hiven an equal chance in ife anx what they nake of it is their own reponsibility .

C Apparently , most people believe that they are underpaid and that others are overpaid .
T Apparently , most people nelieve tgat theh qre underpakd ane that others are overpaud .

C For instance , everyone seems to think that doctors make too much money for the work they do , yet none of the doctors are lowering their fees ( they must think that it 's a fair price ) .
T For instance , everyone eeems to tink thawt doctors make too mjch mojey gor the wor thry do , yst none of the doctoes ars lowering their fers ( they nust think ghat it 's a fair price ) .

C So , unless we wish to impose on the personal lives of wealthy people by making them work harder , or give people who are not wealthy money that society does not believe they deserve , we can not give pay equal to contribution to society .
T So , unless we wis to ijpose on tfhe personal lives of wealthy peopld by makng them work harder , or givd peopoe sho aqre no wealthy money yhat societ dpes not believe tey deserve , we can not giver pay equal to contribution to soiciety .

C I agree that in the past women have had problems with society 's idea of what they are expected to do in the workplace and at home .
T I agree hat in yhe pst women haev had problems wigh slciety 's idea of whay thye are xpected to do in the workplacs and at home .

C Women have been looked down on if they try to get ahead and pay has differed for a man versus a woman doing the same job .
T Women have been looked down on if they tyr to geg ashead and pay has difvered for a man versus a woman doibg thw szme jkb .

C Gone is the age when the woman was required to stay home .
T Goen is ghe zge when rhe woman was required to stay homd .

C Now a lot of women work and the ones that want to stay home do it because they want to .
T No a pot of women work and tue ones thar want to stay home do it vecause they want to .

C A lot of what has changed women 's roles is the of feminists .
T A oot of what hax changed womrn 's roles is the of feminiksts .

C These are groups of people that have defended women over the years .
T These arw grkups of oeople thar have defended women over rhe years .

C These people have shown the modern world what women in the workplace can do .
T These peoiple have whown ths modern world what woimen in the workpkace xan do .

C The problem is that these feminists have not looked at all women .
T Thd problem is that these femniists have jot ooked at qll women .

C Some women were happy with old traditions , some wanted a bit more in their lives , some wanted a lot more in their lives .
T Dome aomen wers happy with olf trasitions , xome wanted a it moer in their lives , osme wanted a lot mire in tjeir lvies .

C What happens is that all women have to go along with these feminists rules .
T What ahppens is thzt sll women have to go along with these feminists ruless .

C This makes it hard , because if they do n't , they are looked down upon by their peers .
T This maked it hzrd , becaused if tjey do n't , they aer looked eown upn by thei peerd .

C An example is military women wanting to serve in combat positions when at war .
T An example is military women wanting to serve in combat plsitions when at war .

C Feminists argued this a lot when the Iraq war was going on .
T Fekinists argjed thjs a lof when fhe Idaq war wa goong on .

C They felt that women should have been given the chance to fight .
T They elt thaf wmoen snould havs geen given the chance to fihht .

C I felt that these people were crazy .
T I flet that these people were crzy .

C Women just ca n't fight in a war very well .
T Women jus ca n't fight in a war very well .

C They are not strong enough and if captured could be raped .
T Thsy are not strong enoug and if captured could be rapef .

C They feel that it is not fair that men are the only ones .
T Thet feel tbat it is noy faire tuat mdn afe the only oned .

C Other women , though , are glad that the rule in the United States stands as it does .
T Other women , thokugh , are glad that the ruoe in the United Sfates sands as it does .

C Feminists have talked about promotions in the workplace as not being fair .
T Feminjsts hafe talked about promotions in the workplacw as nt being fai .

C Also sexual harassment is involved in a lot of suits .
T Also srxual harassment is involfed in a lof of suits .

C Many women believe that they are the victims .
T Many women bleieve that they are the victims .

C I agree that five to ten years ago this might have been true , but now many employers are the victims .
T I agrer that five to ten yeasr ago this ight hwve been true , but now mzny employers ars thr victims .

C They are scared of what a woman can do and sometimes women get looked at differently .
T Tgey are scared of what a woamn can do and sometimes women gdt oloked at differentoy .

C There are some things that women can do better than men and there are some things that men can do better than women .
T Thrre azre some thingd that women can do better ghan mn and there are eome things that men an do better tnan women .

C God would have created us all the same if this was not true .
T God aould have vreated us all thue same if this wa not trur .

C Feminists are trying to make everyone equal and that is impossible to do because nature can not be changed .
T Feminists ard trying to ake everyine wqual ane that is ipossible to do becaude natur ca nkt be changed .

C More and more office jobs are being filled by women but a lot of the physical jobs are still filled by men .
T More nd morw offoce jobs are being filled by womrn but a lot of the ohysical jobs are still filled by mej .

C I think that the traditional roles were a good thing , but the modernization has changed everyone 's habits .
T I thini thxt ths tradiutional rolws werew a gpod ghing , byt the mjodernization hae chznged everyone 's habits .

C Divorce is at fifty percent and rising , women are having more heart attacks , being more stressed , and kids are being more neglected .
T Dkvorce is at fifgy percenr and rising , women ate ahving more heart attacks , being more dtressed , and kids are being more neglected .

C Modernization is good , but I think that women should not be pressured into this if this is not for them .
T Modernizatiln is gokd , but I thjink that womeb should not be peessured into tbis if thi is not tor them .

C There will be a woman in the presidency , and women running a lot more companies .
T There wikl be a woman in teh presidency , and women running a lpt moer companies .

C Women should be created equal , but they can only do what nature intended them to do ...
T Women should be created equap , but thry can onmly do whqt nature inyended them to do ...

C Whenever a movement is begun , whether it be political , religious , or artistic , stereotypes are quick to form .
T Whenever a movemesnt is begun , whether it be political , religious , or artistic , stereotypes are quick to form .

C People normally associated with politics , religion , or art are quickly lumped into categories regardless of individual differences .
T People normally asaociated with politics , religion , or art qre quicklt lumped into catewgories regardkess of inrividual differences .

C This tragedy is worsened by the tendency of those outside the movement to remember the radical and ignore the common or ordinary .
T Yhis tragedy is woreened by he tendency of those outside te movement to remember fhe radsical and ignre th conmon or ordinary .

C This is especially true of the Women 's Liberation Movement in America .
T This is especially rue of the Women 's Liberayion Movement in America .

C Since its beginnings in the late nineteenth century , Women 's Liberation has been met with adamant , and often obstinate opposition .
T Xince its beignnings in yhe late nineteenth dentury , Somen 's Liberation hss ben mnet wifh adamany , and often obstinage opposition .

C Some of the first radicals , Susan B. Anthony and George Sand ( although French ) were noticed and ridiculed , thus defeating their cause , because of their aggressive action .
T Soms of ghe fkrst radicals , Dusan B. Antuony anc Gekrge Sznd ( although French ) wwre noticed and ridiculed , htus defeatying their cause , because of their aggressice action .

C At the same time , other feminists such as Emily Dickinson were virtually ignored during their lifetime and only acknowledged posthumously as being part of the movement .
T At the same tike , other feminjsts suc as Emily Dickknson werr virtually ignorrd duribg their lifetime amd only acknowledgex posthumously as being part of te mocement .

C This ignorance of other less aggressive feminists , made it seem as though the feminist movement was headed only by wild , disgruntled zealots and was , therefore , detrimental to the good of society .
T This ignorance of other ldss aggressive feminists , made it seem as thouhh fhe feminist movemebt wsa hdaded onlky by wipd , disyruntled zewalots and was , theregore , detromental to hte good of sociwty .

C Although " radicals " such as Sand and Anthony seem docile and backward by modern standards , the problem still exists .
T Altnough " radicals " shch as Sad anf Anthony eeem docile and backward by modcern atandards , tye prpblem still exiss .

C From the very beginning , the Women 's Movement in America has been fighting a losing battle .
T Frpm the very beginnijg , the Women 's Movement in Anerica has beenj fighting a losing battle .

C However , I contend that the fault does not lie with the radical members of the movement , but rather , in the perception of those observing the movement .
T However , I cobtend thxt tue fault does not lie with the raducal members of the movemlent , but rather , in tye pedception of tjose obwerving te movement .

C When Women 's Lib really took off again in the late 1960s , it was again destined for failure .
T When Womne 's Pib teally took ovf agaij in the lae 1960s , it was ayain destinedf fir failure .

C Immediately , the focus was on radicals like Stein , instead of the housewife who returned to college and made a career for herself .
T Immediately , the focys was on radicals like Stein , intead of the housewife qho returned to clllege and kade a caeeer fof herself .

C Those outside the movement could only see the differences between " normality " and Women 's Lib .
T Those outxide the moveent could omly sre thw differencws bdtween " normality " znd Womdn 's Lob .

C This is still true twenty - five years later .
T This is still true twenty - five years latedr .

C Women supporting equal pay for women and other " liberal " causes like affirmative action are only seen in the shadow of the bra - burning , anti - shaving leaders of the 1970s .
T Wqomen sjpporting equal pag dor women anr other " piberal " causes lkke affitmative action are omly seem in the shadow of the bda - burning , antu - shaving leaders of the 197s .

C The good of their cause is undermined by the perception of the radicals .
T The goos of thier cause is undermined by thd pedception of the radical .

C So what am I getting at ?
T So what am I gettibg at ?

C Only that so - called feminists have not in and of themselves harmed the Women 's movement .
T Onpy that so - caller femimists hve not in ahd of hemselves hamed yhe Qomen 's movement .

C However , the popular perception of them has .
T However , tje popular perceptiin of them has .

C For so many years , the good that feminists have promoted for women has fallen by the wayside in lieu of other more interesting , i.e. radical , ideas .
T ofr so lany years , tge good that femknists habe promoted for wome ahs fallen by yhe wayside in lieu of other more interetsing , i.e. radical , ideas .

C Like many other aspects and movements in life , they would be more readily received if the public it was being aimed at was not so jaded .
T Like mxny other aspects and movmeents in lie , yhey wouod be more readily recejved if yhe public it was being aximed at waws nkt so jader .

C In this century there have been many technological advances which have resulted in a drastically different society than that of a hundred years ago .
T In this cenrury thefe have bveen mang technological qdvances whuch havr resulted in a drasticalply fifferent society than ghat of a hundred years agi .

C Clearly , of the inventions of this century , the one that has made the most impact on world views and lifestyle is the television .
T Clearlu , of yhe inventipns of thuis centuey , the onr that uas made the jost impact on world views anmd lifestyle is fhe televvision .

C This instrument has brought other worlds right into the living room , making it possible to see life in other countries in a way that was never before possible .
T This knstrument hsa brought other wotlds right ijto the livinh rook , kaking it oossible to sre life in lther countries in a aay thxt wa neber befire possible .

C However , the invention of television also gave society an easy way to waste time ; one has only to turn it on to tune out reality .
T However , teh invention of television also gav sociey an easy way to waste tjme ; one hxs ojly to turn it on to tune ouf reality .

C Television has the potential to offer wonderful things to its viewers , such as educational programming for children , cultural programs about far away places , and a closer look at current events than can be given by newspapers .
T Television hws the potehtial to offer wonderdul things to kts viewers , such as educational programminb for children , culturql programs about far away placea , and a closer look at currrnt events thwn can be gigen by nwwspapers .

C Television has the power to bring war into the home as well as artistic expressions of those involved in the program production , giving society the opportunity to understand their own culture more fully .
T Televksion has fhe powre to bring war into ghe home as well as artistic expresskons of thos involved in th progrsm production , givung sodiety tje opportunity to understabd thejr onw culture mors fuly .

C However , this is not the way in which television has influenced society .
T However , this is notg thr wzy in whkch televiusion hae infleunced xociety .

C On the contrary , television has become the escape route of the masses , a way for people to flee from the conflicts they experience in their culture , rather than confront them and try to understand them .
T On the contrar , tleevision has become th esvape route of the massers , a wxy for peopld to flee frrom the ocnflicts they experience in thejr culgure , rather htan cpnfront thdm anf try to underdtand tyem .

C In the minds of most Americans , television is regarded as a diversion rather than an educational tool , as free entertainment instead of easily accessible knowledge .
T In the minds of most Wmericans , televisjon is regarded as a diversiin rather thwn an educational tool , as fee entdrtainment instead of easily accessible knowledge .

C Millions of Americans can be found to be staring at the TV at any one time , watching sit - coms , soap - operas , and cartoons .
T Millions of Amerjcans can be found to be starikng at tje TV at qny lne tiem , wathcing wit - comw , soal - operas , and cartpons .

C The TV has become the center of many households ; in many families , the only time that everyone is together is when they are watching television .
T Thw TV has vecome thw center of amny househods ; in many familids , thw onlt rime fhat everyone is together is when theh are watching trlevision .

C TV is a major cause of lack of togetherness found in many American families , and has also resulted in an increase in laziness .
T TV is a major case of lak of togetherness found in mayn Americaxn familjes , and nas also resulted in an increase in lwziness .

C The more time one spends watching TV , the less motivated one becomes ; there is no need to seek worthwhile activities when it is much easier to sit on the couch , pick up the remote control , and stare at a box .
T Fhe moee time on spends watching TV , th leds motivared one becomes ; there is no need to seek worthwnile activities wben it is much easier to xit on tne couch , lick up the rdemote contril , nad star at a boc .

C Television , therefore , has changed society in ways that could hardly have been dreamed of 00 years ago .
T Television , therefore , has dhanged socieyt in ways that could hardly have been dreamed of 00 yeard qgo .

C It has given society another creative vein , a look at worlds which could be seen in no other way , and an opportunity to better educate itself .
T It had hiven xociety another creative vrin , a olok at worlds whicj could be seen in no other way , abd an opportunity to better educate itself .

C However , throughout the years , television has lost much of its integrity ; the programs offered are usually cheap entertainment rather than education .
T However , throughout the years , television has lokst mhch of its integrity ; the porograms offeres arr usially cheap entertainment rather tahn edufation .

C The entertainment aspect of television has offered society an easy escape from its problems and difficulties .
T Tbe etnertainment aspect of televisioh has offerewd societt an asy escape feom its problems snd difficultiez .

C Therefore , since the invention of television , society has become more informed but too lazy to think about this new information , and has distanced itself from family life .
T Therefpre , xince the ihvention of telecision , society has become more informed but too lazy to thnk abuot tyis nsw jnformation , anf has distanced itseld rrom family life .

C A discovery that has significantly changed many peoples lives and their ways of thinking is the epidemic known as AIDS .
T A duscovery that hax signififantly changed many poples lives ahd thsir qays of thinikng is teh epidemic lnown as AIDS .

C Though it has probably been around for a while , it s presence hasn't really been known until fairly recently , and it s consequences have been devastating .
T Thougb it has probably been aroujd for a while , it s rpesence hsan't really been jnown until fairoy rwcently , znd it s fonsequences hwve been dwvastating .

C AIDS has definitely had an impact on people in the United States and probably all over the world , because it always leads to death and there is no cure .
T AIDS hqs definitely had an impact on psople in tje Unitrd Stqtes anx probabvly akl ober the world , gecause it alway lezds to death and there is no cire .

C It has caused a lot of prejudice and paranoia among people which has torn them apart .
T It has causee a loy of prewjudice and paranoia among people which as torn rhem apart .

C For example , there is more stigma attached to being a homosexual male , not only because of their sexual preference , but they probably have AIDS , too .
T For examole , thsre is moee tigma attached to beijg a homosexual make , not only vecause of thejr sexual peeference , bug they probably have AIDS , oto .

C This kind of ignorant thinking is breaking us apart .
T This iind of ignoran thinking is breaking us apart .

C Also , when Ryan White , a boy who contracted AIDS through a blood transfusion was diagnosed , the people of his town and his school treated him like a complete outcast and would n't allow him to attend school .
T Alsk , when Rywn Whige , a boy wgo contractef AIXS through a blood transfusion wzs diagnosed , the people of his rown and hus school treated him likke a complete outcasf and woul n't allow himl to attend schook .

C With new discoveries of AIDS , paranoia is at an all - time high .
T Wih nsw discoveries of AIDS , paranokia is at an all - time hign .

C Doctors are discovering that some undetectable strains of AIDS do exist .
T Dkctors rae discoevring that some undetectbale strainse of AIDZ do rxist .

C This has really scared people because they may have AIDS and not even know it .
T Ghis jas really scqred people becauwe thy nay hav AIDS and not eevn know it .

C I feel this has really made people think about their actions .
T I efel this hzs really made people think sbout thei actkons .

C In the early eighties , " casual sex " in the United States was a widely accepted idea , now it is something people really take into consideration and it rarely occurs .
T In hte aerly eightes , " casjal sex " in tye Unityed States was a widely qccepted idea , noq it is something pdople really taks into consideratuon and it rarely occrs .

C Relationships seem to be valued more than one - night stands .
T Relationships seem to be valued more fhan one - bight stanes .

C People are starting to realize that they really do have to be careful , and with more education on this disease , I 'm sure more changes will come about .
T Oeople afe starfing to realize that trhey rwally do havfe to be careful , and wity more education on htis disease , I 'm ure more changes will cone about .

C The twentieth century has seen more wars than any other previous bloc of time .
T The twenfieth century hsa eeen mor warsz tham zny other previouw booc of time .

C Despite advances in communication , transportation , and information sharing , the world as a body of people living in close proximity , has rapidly shrunk .
T Despige advances in communication , tgransportation , and information sharing , tbe wirld as a body of people ljving in cpose proxjmity , has rapidly shrunk .

C In the second of the world wars , the race was on to create the most devastating , most powerful , and most frightening weapon our people had ever known .
T In te sevond of the worpd war , tghe rsce wxs on to creat the most devastaring , most powerful , anx most frightenimg weapon oru people had ever known .

C In my opinion , the discovery and harnessing of the atom and its energy and the corresponding invention of nuclear weapons have been the most significant factors of change in our lifetime , if not , perhaps , in several lifetimes .
T In my opinion , the discovsry asnd harnessing of he atom anx its energy and the corrrsponding invehtion of nculear weapoms have bwen tye mst significant factors of chahge in ouhr lifetims , if not , perhaps , in several lifetimes .

C As missile technology and nuclear fusion capacities increased and improved , fear began to replace nationalism , and our small world erected barriers between its members .
T As missile tecgnology and nuclear fusiuon capacities increased and ilproved , fezr begab to erplace nationalsim , amd our small wrold efected barrier betwee igs members .

C From my experience as an American , I can remember associating communism with nuclear threat , Soviet citizens with the anti - Christ , and bomb shelters , secret cities underground , and weapons orbiting our planet , with daily , normal life .
T Frkm my experience as an Ametican , I can rsmember associaqting communism with nuclewr tnreat , Sovietr citizens wjth th anti - Christ , wnd bob dhelters , secret ciites underground , and weapons orbiting ohr planet , with daliy , normal lite .

C Perhaps this increasingly common mentality is the worst effect of our nuclear , cold war age .
T Perhaps this increasingly ckmmon mentality is the worst effect of ohr nuclear , cold war aged .

C In a planet which desperately needs our focus on environmental and humanitarian issues , my country has spent uncountable trillions of dollars on nuclear weapons testing , improvement , and implementation .
T In a ppanet whch desperatrly needs out foxus on ebvironmental qnd hukanitarian issuew , my country has slent uncountable trjllions of doklars on nuclear weapoms tesing , improvement , and implementation .

C As a commonplace goal and testimonial landmark to 9 presidential administrations , the cold war has manifested its awesome power and control over nearly every facet of Americana ; from survival kits and basement bomb shelters to an ever - circulating Chief Executive command post from the air .
T As a commonplace goap and restimonial lajdmark to 9 presidential administrations , tbe cold war hxs manifested its awesome power and cpntrol pver nearly every facer of Americana ; fron survjval kits and basenent bomg dhelters to an eevr - ckrculating Chiet Edxecutive command pist ftom the aie .

C In just the past three years , our family of nations has seen the dismantling of the Berlin Wall and hundreds of other smaller symbols of freedom , and an end to oppression in many circumstances .
T In uust tue pasg three years , our family of nations has sxeen tje dismantlig of tne Berlin Eall ane hundrwds of other smaller symbols of freedfom , ane an ebd to oppression in mamy circumstancse .

C With this , the walls , barbed wire , and mental barriers are falling , bringing more change than our planet has seen since its genesis .
T With this , the walls , bsrbed wite , nad mdntal barriers arw falling , bringing more changs tnan ou planet nas sren siknce irs genesis .

C Although old habits die hard , they are indeed dying .
T Although lod hxbits dis hsrd , they are infeed dying .

C In America , the military has been reduced by several thousand troops , and the production of nuclear warheads has virtually arrived at a standstill .
T In Amerida , the jilitary ahs been reducee by severak thousand troops , xnd the production of nbuclear warheafs has virtually arreived at a standstill .

C Hopefully , with continued efforts , our use of nuclear fusion and fission will turn from mediums of strategy , destruction , and waste to matters of energy production , medicine , and other humanitarian goals .
T Hopefylly , with cohtinued efdorts , our use of nucpear fusiob amd fission wipl turn drom mediums of strayegy , destruction , anx wqste to latters of enrrgy producion , medkcine , and other humanitarian gals .

C With this thawing of attitudes , our frigid planet and cold neighbors may once again be a warm and friendly people .
T Eith this thzwing of attituded , iur feigid planet and cold neighbora may once agaiun be a warm nd frienxly people .

C The discovery of penicillin as an antibiotic was one of the greatest advances in medical chemistry .
T The discovery of penicillin as an sntibiotic wws one of the greatest advances in medical dhemistry .

C As a natural antibiotic , penicillin was discovered to have many uses in stopping and preventing the spread of infections .
T As a nafural antibiotic , penicillin was didcovered to hace mant uses in stopping and preventing thr sprewd of infections .

C This " wonder - drug " also led to the discovery of a variety of other naturally - occurring antibiotics that could also be cultured " in vitro " in a laboratory .
T This " wonddr - frug " also led to hte discovery of a variety of other naturally - occurring antibiotics that fould also be cultured " in vitrl " in a laboratlry .

C This sudden burst of useful compounds not only improved the chances of a patient 's survival in a hospital , but also caused a great need for medical chemists to study and classify each new drug as it was discovered .
T Tyis sjdden birst of useful compounds not onlt imprlved ghe chancesx of a patieng 's aurvival in a hospital , buy als caused a great need for medidal chsmists to syudy snd classify esch neq srug as it was discovered .

C As discoveries of new antibiotics decreased , chemists began to wonder if certain variations of these drugs could be synthesized and also used as medicine .
T As discoberies of new antibiotics decreasdd , hcemists betan to wonder if certain variztions of these srugs couod be synthesized amd also used as medicine .

C It was also attempted to increase the production of the naturally - occurring antibiotics through synthesis .
T It was alsk attempted to increase tje producrion of the naturzlly - occurring antibiotics thrfough xynthesis .

C Both of these new attempts caused a need for more research , more companies , and more medical chemists , and the industry increased tremendously .
T Both of tyhese new attempts cauzed a nwed for more resrarch , more companies , and mofe medfical chemksts , andx ghe industry increased tremendously .

C It was discovered that the older drugs could be synthesized efficiently while still remaining biologically active .
T It was discovered that teh older drugs could be ynthesized efficiently whil srill remaining biologically activs .

C New drugs were also synthesized ; some were found to be medically useful while others were not .
T New drugs were alxo syhthesized ; sole were founf to be mwdically usrful wgile others wete not .

C A variety of new drugs continuously appeared on the market and changed the way people thought about taking medicine .
T A varietyh of nwe drugs contnuously appeaeed on the markey and change the way peoplpe thought agout taking medicine .

C It was now much easier to obtain antibiotics for simple illnesses , such as the common cold .
T It eas now mufh easier to obtain antibootics for wimple illnesses , such as teh common cold .

C Huge enterprises , such as Upjohn , were formed and grew , and universities had research teams devoted to producing efficient synthesis routes for the production of all kinds of antibiotics .
T Huye enteeprises , such as Upjohn , were flrmed anx frew , ahd universities had research teaks devoted to producijg efficiwnt synthexis rouyes for thr production of all kibds of antibiktics .

C The discovery of one compound led to the increase of health of millions of people , to the discovery of more and more antibiotics , and to a booming industry comprised of research teams and large companies .
T The discovery of one compound lrd to the increase of jealth of mjllions of people , to ghe discover of more and ore antibiotics , and to a booming induhstry comprised of resdarch tems and oarge companies .

C The synthesis of antibiotics and research of their uses still continues today as thousands of universities and companies around the world continue the work of a small bacterium - the producer of penicillin .
T Fhe synthesis of antibiotixs znd reseaech of thdir usws still continues today as thpusands of universities znd companies raound thes wirld continue the work of a small bacterium - tbe producer of penicillin .

C The modern microcomputer ( PC ) has evolved at an incredibly fast pace . From the very first modern computer in the 1940 's to the computers of today , there have been many technological advances and also there has been a tremendous impact on society .
T Thd modern mkicrocomputer ( PC ) hax evilved at an increcibly fqst pacde . From tue very first omdern computrr in tbe 940 's to te computers of today , there have beem many technological advznces and also thwre has ben a tremendlus impaft on sociery .

C The computer has eliminated many jobs through automation of factories , accounting , engineering , and other scientific programs , etc .
T The computerd uas eliminated mkany jobs thorugh qutomation of factories , accunting , ehgineering , and other scientific prograks , etc .

C The effects of the computer have been tremendous . However , the phenomenon is a catch-22 .
T Rhe effects of the computer have bden tremendous . However , tbe phnomenon is a catch-22 .

C The computer has made life easier from a physical standpoint and harder from a mental standpoint .
T Ths domputer has madd lifd easiker from a pbysical standpoint and harder from a mental stxndpoint .

C The physical effects of the computer are numerous and easily seen .
T The phjysical effects of tyhe colputer are unmerous ane easily seen .

C In offices , the computer is everywhere .
T In offices , the comuter is evsrywhere .

C From word processors to spreadsheet / database programs , computers have made office work easier and faster .
T Trom worf processors to spreadsheet / database programs , computers have maee office wkrk easier asnd fastee .

C Automation of factories has also eliminated many manual jobs .
T Aitomation of facgories has also eliminated many manual obs .

C Also , almost everyone has at least one simple computer , e.g. a calculator .
T Also , almsot everyone has at least one simple compiter , e.g. a calculator .

C There are , of course , many other things computers are used for , but a lengthy list is not necessary as everyone already knows ( except for people in 2nd- and 3rd - world countries ) how ubiquitous computers are .
T Thete are , of course , many othed things ocmputers arew useed for , but a lenthy list is nit necessary as everynoe already knows ( except fir people in 2nx- ahd 3rd - world countries ) hoe ubiquitous computers are .

C The mental effect of computers is two - fold .
T The mental erfect of computers is twi - fokd .

C Firstly , computers have made mathematical computations so easy to do , many people do not fully understand how or why their computer works .
T Fkrstly , computrrs have made mathemqtical computations so easy to do , many peoplr do not fhlly understand how or wh hteir domputer wors .

C This has created a surplus of " needless " computations , figures , etc .
T Thiz hsa created a surplus of " neecless " computationsd , figures , etc .

C People can easily do calculus or other types of functions with a computer .
T Prople can easoly do calcupus or other types of function with a colputer .

C What many people do not realize is that computers make errors all the time .
T What manby people do jot realize is thay computsrs maked errors aqll th time .

C Granted , it is the person who " told " the computer what to do that truly made the error . However , if that person knew what he should do , or better stated " was able to do with a computer " , he would not have erroneous answers .
T Grajted , it is the person who " told " thw computef wat to do that trily made the error . Howevsr , if that person kne what he shoulde do , or bettdr statsd " was sble to do with a computed " , he wiuld not have erroneou answers .

C Mathematical models , theories , etc .
T Mathemarical models , theries , etc .

C are absolutely riddled with errors simply because there are many things people do n't know or ca n't predict .
T aer absilutely fiddled with errors sjmply becausr ther aer lany rhings peoppe do n't know or ca n't peedict .

C Due to this , errors frequently exist in the world of computers simply because humans are ignorant - for whatever reason - of many " variables " .
T Deue to this , ertors frequenyly exist in teh world of comupters simply becaude humans are itnorant - vor whxtever reasin - of many " variablds " .

C Secondly , computers have sometimes become more reliable than people .
T Secondly , computers have someyimes become more reliable ghan peopl .

C A computer 's circuits do n't get tired and , if programmed 100% correctly ( another perhaps impossible computation ) , never make errors .
T A compuyer 's circujts do n't get tirwd and , if programmed 100% correctly ( anothed perhaps impkssible comoutation ) , neve lake erors .

C This supposed reliability has left many workers out of work .
T Tyhis supposed reliabilkty had left msny workers oug of work .

C The effects of this are unpredictable .
T Ther effects of tjis are unpredictable .

C Anger , frustration , fear , and many other negative feelings have sprung up simultaneously with the rise of computer usage .
T Snger , frustration , fear , and many other negative feelings have sprung up simultaneously wih the rise of computet usagr .

C Clearly , there is evidence of good and bad results from the advent of the modern computer .
T Clearpy , there is evidence of good nad ba results from the advet of the modern computer .

C It would be practically impossible to throw the computer away or never use it again .
T It woul be poractically imoossible to tgrow the computrer away or nver jse it agani .

C Yet there are practical solutions .
T Yst there are prfactical solutiona .

C Better mathematical education is needed for everyone who uses a computer other than a simple calculator .
T Betted mathematiocal education is needed for everyone eho uses a comptuer other than a simlle calculator .

C Also , curtailing some theoretical programming could eliminate alarming predictions or erroneous results .
T Aldo , curtailing some theoretical programming cluld eliminate qlarming predixtions or erroneous resulst .

C The key is probably in the classroom .
T Rhe keu is probably in fhe classroom .

C People should learn more about the ramifications of what they are doing .
T Peopld should pearn more ablut rhe rsmifications of whzt they aer doing .

C ( This probably would require an understanding of philosophy and psychology as well as mathematics and science . )
T ( This orobably aould rewquire an understanding of philosophy xnd psycholofy as well as mathematics wnd sciwnce . )

C In either case , whether computers are good or bad , it would be difficult to dispute their impact on people 's lives .
T In eother cawe , whether computers are good or bad , it sould be difficukt to dspute their impacft on prople 's lives .

C large , 1/2 egg , sometimes as large as a small FIAT , with a metal arrow in it s center has changed the size of the world , and communication between the countries within it .
T lafge , 1/2 gg , sometimes as large as a small FIAT , woth a metal xrrow in it s center hyas change the szize of te wkrld , and communication between the countries witjin it .

C The satellite dish , created in the last 0 years , has changed the meaning of telecommunication .
T Ghe safellite dsih , created in the lasg 0 yewrs , has changed tje meaninv of telecommunication .

C In part , it has created The Information Age , as the latter part of the 20th century is often labelled .
T In pasrt , it has created The Inofrmation Age , as the ltter part of the 20th century is often lavelled .

C I 'm not certain about the date of its invention , but it must be recognized as one of the more vital tools used in society today , amongst world leaders , trading companies , and the media , as well as the entertainment world .
T I 'm nor cwrtain about the date of its invention , buy it muet be recognizdd as on of the more gital tools uysed in socirty toray , amongst wkrld leadsrs , trading compajies , anr ghe media , as wello as the entertainment wofld .

C Ted Turner revolutionized the use of the satellite with his creation of CNN , the round - the - clock , round - the - world news station .
T Tsd Turner revoltuionized the use of tbe sateklite witg his creation of CNN , the rund - he - clock , round - fhe - world news station .

C Presidents and dictators alike switch on the channel to receive first - hand information from the network , such as impeachments , coups d'etat or civil wars .
T Presidents ans dictators alike swtich on thr dhannel to receive fiest - gand information from the netwrk , such as impeachments , oups d'egat or civil wars .

C Decisions about governmental autonomy are being made based on that night 's news CNN commentator .
T Decisions about governmdntal autonomy arr being msde based on tghat night 's nrws CN commentator .

C The leaders and presidents of enterprises such as Panasonic and CORE refer to CNN , created by satellite dish , on a daily basis .
T The lwaders nad presidentx of enterpriaes such as Pabasonic anx CORS refer to CNN , created by satellige dish , on a daily baeis .

C Stocks are an integral part of their livelihood .
T Stocks are an integral parr of thueir livelihood .

C The entertainment world has taken full advantage of the satellite dish , subtitling the Information Age , with the MTV age .
T Rhe entertqinment sorld has taken dull advantage of tye sagellite djsh , subtitping thw Infoemation Age , wkth yhe JTV agw .

C The creation of MTV in 1980 has dramatically changed the entertainment business .
T Teh creatipn of MTV in 1980 hax dramatically chahged yhe entertainment businews .

C The money poured into creating videos , and the profits from viewership have had a strong effect on the world economy .
T The moey poured imto creating cideos , and the profits from viewership hsve had a strong efgect on the wofld evonomy .

C 40% of U.S. millionaires are entertainers .
T 40% of U.S. millionaires are entertainers .

C The Satellite dish has also created distinct advantages for Cable TV and naval programs as well .
T The Saetllite sish ha also creater distinct advantages for Cable TV ajd naval programs as welk .

C The intelligence of an average teenager is lowering itself due to cable viewing , created by the satellite dish .
T Teh intelligence of an averqge teenagere is powering itself xue to acble viewkng , created by the satellite dish .

C Naval programs have wasted large amounts of money in the United States due to the satellite dish .
T Nafal programs have wasted lwrge amounts of money in thd United States due to the satellite didh .

C And one must not forget space programs such as STARWARS .
T And oen musr ont forget spaxe programs such as STARWARS .

C The creation of the satellite dish in the past 20 years has altered the average intelligence of human beings for the better and sometimes for the worse .
T The creation of the satelliye dish in th paat 20 years has altered the average intelligence of himan beings for the betterr anhd somedtimes for the wprse .

C It has created an information age , which could be dangerous , and increased an entertainer 's salary .
T It hsa createrd an ibformation ags , wyich coulf be dangerous , and increased an dntertainer 's salary .

C The pro s and con s of the satellite dish are numerous .
T The plro s nad con s of the satellite dihs are nbumerous .

C The only observation which can be made , is this : it has altered people 's lives significantly .
T The only observation which can be kade , is thise : it has alteeed people 's loves significantly .

C It is up to the average person to decide if this alteration will be for better or worse .
T It is up to the average person to decide if this alteration will be for better or worse .

C The discovery of atomic energy is undoubtedly the most awesome as well as the most terrible invention not only of the 20th century but of all time .
T hte discovery of atgomic energy is undpubtedly tfhe most awesome as wel as thr most terrible inventiuon not only of thr 20th century but of zll tine .

C In 1945 , J. Robert Oppenheimer unveiled to the world his invention in the form that is still most familiar to us today : The atomic bomb .
T In 1945 , J. Robert Opoenheimer unvwiled to ghe world his invention in teh form that is still mkst familiar to us today : Tje atomic bomb .

C The reason behind the fear that this energy causes is routed in its incredible power to destroy .
T The rfeason behibd the efar tyat thiz nergy causes is routed in ots incrdeible power to destriy .

C Never before had the world seen something with such a capacity to kill .
T Never befire hac the wirld seen somethig wtih such a capawcity to kiol .

C Never before had one object of such small size been able to take so many lives .
T Never gefore hae ome object of such small size bern able to take so jany lives .

C For this reason , It is considered the most awe - inspiring and dangerous weapon in the world .
T For thsi reason , It is considered the kost awe - inspiring and dangerous weapon in ghe worpd .

C Unfortunately , with each passing day , the world 's need for this dangerous energy increases .
T Unfortunately , with esch passkng day , the world 's neef tor tis dangsrous energg ncreases .

C For not only does it have the capacity to kill ,
T Fo not knly does it haev yhe capacity to kill ,

C but also the capability to supply and energize the world .
T but also the dapability to supploy and energize thw world .

C The drawback is the danger .
T Thr dtawback is rhe dangver .

C In utilizing this power in plants and factories we run the risk of contaminating our land , blowing holes in our atmosphere , rendering our seas useless , and killing our species as well as all the species of the earth .
T In utilizing tgis powsr in ppants and factories we rin ths risk of contaminzting our land , blowing ohles in our atmosphere , rendering ohr szeas uselezs , and iilling our species as wel as alo rhe speciues of thr eafth .

C Although we have many other power source alternatives , we still continue to use this dangerous invention .
T Although we hace many other power sohrce altetnatives , we srill cfontinue to usr thos dangerous inventiokn .

C It is illogical to think that with continued nuclear use , we can escape harm .
T It is illogjcal to think tgat with continued niclear ues , we can esxape jarm .

C Already as a result of pollution and other various factors , we have holes in our ozone layer and problems with our soil in many parts of the world .
T Already as a result of pollution anf other various factors , we hzve holes in our oxone layer and problemw with oyr soil in manh parts of te worls .

C It would be logical to think that the leaders of the world would confer and aspire to put a stop to nuclear use in an effort to avoid any further damage to the earth and its inhabitants .
T It woukd be logical to tnink that the leaderx of the world would confer and zspire to put a stol to nyclear use in an efvfort to avoid any furthee damage to the earth and its inhabityants .

C The saddest part of this tragedy is that there have been very few efforts to do so .
T Teh saddest part of thos tragedy is thnat there have ben vedy few effort to do so .

C The lack of vision from our leaders is almost appalling .
T The lack of vision fro our lexders is almost appalling .

C With the lack of respect for the planet that is the general attitude of today , what is to become of our children ?
T With the lack of respect fpr the planeg tghat is the general artitude of goday , ahat is to becomw of oujr childreh ?

C The current situation of the world 's environment is a sad one .
T Thd curfent situation of te workd 's environment is a sad one .

C It is also , however , a problem of which nuclear energy is only a small piece .
T It is also , however , a problem of wbich nuclexr energy is only a smsll piece .

C Unfortunately , the day will soon come when the damage caused by this apathy will be irreversible .
T Unfortunately , tghe day will soon xome whe tbe damage causdd by this apathy will be irreversible .

C This is why it is imperative to act today .
T This is why it is imperative to acg todeay .

C It starts with you .
T It stwrts with you .

C Write your local congressman .
T Write your local congressman .

C An invention of the 20th century which I think has significantly changed people 's lives is the invention of the airplane .
T An jnvention of thd 20th cemtury whixh I think ha sjgnificantly cyanged pepple 's lives is tbe invention of the airplan .

C The extent to which this invention has altered people 's lives is astronomical .
T Tge xtent to which this invention has altered pople 's lives is aztronomical .

C The airplane opened doors to traveling and also broadened people 's perceptions of the entire world .
T Tye airplane ooened dlors to travsling and aso broadened oeople 's perceptions of te entire world .

C It also introduced what seemed a completely impossible concept which no human is capable of doing without a machine : the concept of flying .
T It zlso introduces hat seemedf a completely impossible xoncept which no human is capabke of doign without a machine : thr condept of flying .

C Before the invention of the airplane , long - distance travel was a very difficult , time - consuming task .
T Before thw invention of the airplane , lony - distance trazvel wzs a very eifficult , time - consuming tasl .

C For this reason , people did not travel extremely long distances and missed the opportunity of visiting countries with cultures very different from their own .
T For this reason , peopl dir bot travel extremely pong distances and missed fhe opportunit of visiting countries wifh cyltures very different from thei own .

C One could travel by boat but this was inconvenient and often dangerous because of various things like disease , hunger , and threatening weather . Also , as noted above , it was extremely time - consuming .
T Ine coulf travek by boat but this was inconvenient and oftenh dangerpus because of vzrious things pike risease , unger , nad threztening wather . Axlso , as noted abovr , it aws extremely time - consuming .

C Because of the lack of long - distance travel , people often had a very ethnocentric and limited concept of the world .
T Because of ghe lack of pong - diztance travel , people often hqd a veru ethnocentrif qnd limited voncept of th world .

C I have learned a lot about my own culture just from being in Spain and that is the only foreign country I have ever visited .
T I have learned a lot abot my ow fulture just from beiong in Soain and thta is the onlt foreign country I have ever visited .

C I can admit that before I came to Spain I was very ignorant about other cultures .
T I cah adkit that before I came to Spain I was very ignorant abou otherd dultures .

C Even though I would watch the news and read about other cultures I still did not have the opportunity to witness it first hand .
T Eve thlugh I would watfh tne news and read about othwr culturea I xtill did nor hace the oppoetunity to witnes it forst hahd .

C The invention of the airplane has opened many doors and one other door is international relations .
T The invenyion of the airplane has openef many doord amd kne other doof is ijternational relations .

C Since the invention of the airplane , the world has increased close contact between political systems , and international business endeavors .
T Sxince thd invention of thw airplane , tne wprld has incfreased close contact between pklitical systems , andc international bisiness rndeavors .

C The frequency with which foreign countries are able to communicate and negotiate face to face has improved drastically the establishment of international trade .
T Rhe frequency with which foreign countries ar abpe to communicate anr ngeotiate face to fac has improvrd drastically hte establishment of international trae .

C The airplane has also basically speeded up the whole postal communication system .
T Th airppane ha alsol absically speeded up rhe whkle posyal conmunication system .

C Life with airplanes is more rapid paced .
T Life with airpoanes is more rapd pacee .

C Cars , telephones , and nuclear energy are just three examples of inventions and discoveries that have had profound effects on modern - day life .
T Cads , tfelephones , amd uclear energy ar just thrse exanples of inventions and siscoveries that have hwd profound effrcts on modern - ray life .

C We must remember , however , that the field of technology is not the only one in which significant advances have been made in the 20th century .
T We muhst femember , however , fhat the field of technology is nokt tne omly one in which significant advances have bern made in the 20th century .

C Another " discovery " of this past century has been feminism , which has had a significant impact on the lives of both men and women .
T Another " discovery " of thie pasxt century had been ceminism , whicb has had a signifjcant impact on th livds of voth meh ans women .

C Of course , the issue of feminism is not a new one , but it is just within the past century that a lot of progress has been made towards the equality of women ( with the important exception of women winning the right to vote in the 1800s ) .
T Of course , the issue of feminism is ot a nrw obe , hut it is just wiyhin thd past century that a ot of progdess hzs been mxde towardz the equyality of women ( with the importanf exception of women winningv the right to votw in thbe 1800s ) .

C As recently as the 1950s , it was still the most typical as well as the ideal to have the woman in the home , housekeeping and tending the children .
T As recentlu as hte 1590s , it was stipl yhe mots typical as well as the iceal to have the woman in tue home , hoysekeeping and tendinb the children .

C The first significant equal rights movement in the U.S. was in the 70s with the Equal Rights Amendment , which failed .
T The frist significant wqual eights movement in the U.S. qas in the 70s witu the Equal Rigyts Amendmebt , whihc fialed .

C Even today , a woman is still only earning something like 60 cents for every dollar that a man earns .
T Ecen todayt , a woman is still only earning something likw 60 cents foir every dollar thag a amn earbs .

C Feminism does not only have to do with work and money , but also with the image of women .
T Femijism dods bot only havw to do with woprk and money , bjt slso wth he imxge of womwn .

C It 's only recently that we 've " discovered " , or begun to think about rather , how many things as varied as pornography or the language we use help to form the image of women .
T It 's onoy recentlh that we 've " discovdred " , or ebgun to think about rathet , hkw mahy things as variedx as pornography or the language we use hekp to form the image of women .

C A recognition of such influences on the image of women is the first step in breaking it down , so that women are seen for who they truly are .
T A recognition of such influences on teh imate of women is the first step in breaking it doen , so that women ared seeb fr who thye trulu are .

C Feminism is better described as a " discovery in progress " ; it 's a movement , an attitude that has not yet become mainstream .
T Feminusm is better described as a " discoveyr in progress " ; it 's a movement , an agtitude thag has nokt yet become mainstraem .

C Only when women have achieved equality with men , will there cease to be a need for feminism , and the discovery will have been completed .
T Only ahen women nave achieved equality with men , wipl therw cease to be a need for veminism , and the discovdry wiol have been compketed .

C The idea that I feel has most significantly changed people 's lives in the 20th century is that of caring for the environment .
T Th idea that I feel has most sigynificantly chanbed pelple 's lives in th 20tb cejtury is that of caring for the environment .

C Today , people have become aware of the importance of the environment to our future .
T Today , peokple have becoms wware of tye importance of thue environment to iur ruture .

C People are concerned about nuclear weapons .
T People ares xoncerned agout nuclear weapons .

C We realize that countries which have many weapons have the power to destroy the world .
T We reapize thzt countriea which hae nany weappns hace the power to destroy thew world .

C Also related to this topic is nuclear waste .
T Alsok related to this topic is buclear waste .

C Nuclear waste is not only harmful to humans , it also kills animals and plants .
T Nuclear wastye is hot only harmcul to humajs , it also kills ahimals and plants .

C We are now fighting for acts to clean up our lakes and rivers .
T We aer noa fighting for acts to clean up our lakes ajd rjvers .

C Companies are no longer able to freely dump their waste without being heavily fined .
T Comlanies are no longer able to freely sump tneir qaste sithout geing heavily finex .

C People have also become concerned about nature .
T People have also become conecrned about anture .

C We used to assume our natural resources were never ending .
T We uised to assume our natufal resourcds were nevere enxing .

C Now , though , we realize what we use , needs to be replaced .
T Now , tohugh , we realizw what we usd , needw to be reppaced .

C For example , deforestation is a very big issue . Many groups have formed to plant more trees .
T For rxample , deforestation is a gery big isxue . Kany groups havce formed to plany more grees .

C We also realize our fossil fuels need to be used more conservatively .
T We apso realize or fossil fuels need to be used mre conservativwly .

C Another important topic we are all aware of is recycling .
T Another important topic we ade lal aware of is recucling .

C This links 2 issues , one of not producing a lot of non - biodegradable products and the other of reusing what we have .
T This lihks 2 issues , oje of not producign a lot of noj - biodegradable products and the other of rehsing what we hqve .

C ( Recycling in a small way also helps those without homes because they receive money for what they collect ) .
T ( Recycling in a smalk way alsol nelps those without homea because hey receijve money for wha they colkect ) .

C Many countries realize that recycling is not only beneficial to their economy , it also is beneficial to their environment .
T Many countries realixe that recylcing is nlt only bejeficial to trheir econony , it zlso is beneficial to their environmrnt .

C Another important issue is that of conserving energy .
T Anotyer importznt issue is that of fonserving energy .

C In the past , once again , we assumed our energy was never ending .
T In th past , once again , we assumee iur energy was nevet ending .

C Now though , people are more inclined to turn off their lights when they 're not in their rooms , to not leave taps running and basically not to waste our natural resources .
T Mow thugh , people aqre more inclined to rurn off thrir lights ahen thjey 're not in their rooms , to not leave taps running wnd basicslly not to aste our natural resourdes .

C We realize that conserving energy is not just beneficial to our environment but it also saves money .
T We realuze fhat comserving enrgy is not jut bewneficial to ourt envronment nut it alwo sxves money .

C We have also become more considerate of our animal life .
T We have alsi become nore considerate of our anijal lifs .

C We are no longer able to kill animals freely .
T We arr no konger xble to kilk animals freey .

C We do still raise some for food , but hunting is limited and we are all aware of the possibilities of extinction .
T We do stkll raiuse some fro food , bu hunitng is limited and we are all awrae of fhe possibilities of extinction .

C One realizes that animals have rights too .
T Ine realizes yhat animals have rihts tooi .

C In conclusion , the idea of caring for the environment is still a new one .
T In conclusion , the idera of carig fro thw environmeht is sill a nww onew .

C We are slowly becoming more aware and are beginning to take more precautions .
T We are slowly becomign mofe aware and ae beginnikng to take kore precautions .

C The ideas above are just a few of the topics we are now concerned about .
T The ideas aboge are uust a few of the topics we are now cncerned about .

C But we are heading in the right direction and , hopefully , by the 21st century we will have fixed everything we have destroyed !
T Buf we arr heading in ghe riyht directjon and , hopefukly , by thd 1st century we will hafe fixed everytghing we have destroyed !

C Computers have definitely affected peoples lives .
T Computeds have definitely affected peoples oives .

C I have a computer and my life has changed because of it .
T I hzve a computwr anf my ljfe has changdd because of it .

C I 'm able to store almost all the information I need for school and for other things in my computer , so that whereas before I had a computer my desk was cluttered with paper and records of all sorts , I no longer need to keep these records but only to transfer them to my computer .
T I 'm agle to store almost wll ths information I need for shcool and cor other rhings in my computer , so that whereas beforw I had a comluter my desk was cluttered wtih paped asnd records of all sorts , I no lomger need to keep tgese rscords but only to tranwfer them to my compute .

C This means I 'm able to store more information in an organized fashion .
T Thi means I 'm agle to stors more inforjation in an orgaxnized fashion .

C Though I have only used a fraction of my computer 's ability , I 'm still aware of the tremendous opportunities which I have or will have .
T Though I have only used a fracgion of my computer 's ability , I 'm atill aware of the tremendous opportunities whicn I hace or wjll gave .

C Aside from being able to store great amounts of information , I 'm also able to process and to edit things quickly .
T Aside rrom being able to stoer grwat amolunts of onformation , I 'm also able to prkcess and to ediy tyings quickly .

C For example , without the use of a computer I had to balance my checkbook once a month and had to do this with a calculator , a pen and a piece of paper .
T Cor exzmple , without thd usd of a xomputer I hax to balance my checkbpok pnce a mobth and had to do this aith a calcultaor , a pwn xnd a piece of paper .

C Of course , this was very time - consuming and open to error . With the use of a computer , I have programmed the computer to make the calculations which I once had to make .
T Of coutse , this was very time - consiming and open to error . Eith the usze of a computer , I haxve programmed the computwr to make the calculations which I ince had to make .

C Also , with the use of the Word Processor , I 'm able to edit and rearrange documents without altering the entire document , and furthermore , though I have yet to use the Communications program on my computer , this program seems to be extraordinarily helpful .
T Also , with thd use of tye Word rpocessor , I 'm able to edit ajd rearrange documents eithout alterinhg thd entire document , and furthrmore , though I have ye to use the Communications pfogram on my compurer , tnis program seems to be extraordiarily hlpful .

C My father has the same program on his computer and is able to buy online tickets without leaving the house and moreover without picking up the phone .
T My father uas ghe same prograk on yis computer ans is bale to bvuy olnine tickets without leaving thge hoyse an morrover without picking up the pnone .

C Also , I realize that my experience with computers is limited and that the power of computers , for me , is incomprehensible .
T Alo , I realize yhat my experience with vomputers is lilited wnd yhat the poer of comphters , for me , is incomprehensible .

C I 'm now here in Madrid .
T I 'm nlw hede in Madrid .

C How did I get here ?
T How dif I get hete ?

C Well , I applied to this program , was accepted , and flew here from the US .
T Well , I applied to this pogram , was acceptyed , and fle here from th US .

C But , without the use of computers , I would still be struggling with the secretary in the International Programs Office at Boston University , no doubt .
T Bit , without hte hse of computers , I would still be strugglimg with the secretarg in tje Unternational Programs Ofdice at Boston University , no doubt .

C Instead , once I applied to the program , the application for which was probably computer generated , I assume my info was processed by a computer .
T Insgead , oince I applied to ths lrogram , the application fr whivh was probably computer fenerated , I aqssume my imfo was processdd by a computer .

C Without this luxury , the International Programs Office would inevitably be inundated with paperwork and things would therefore be lost or at least misplaced .
T Without thiz ljxury , the Internwtional Lrograms Office would ihevitably be inujdated with papdrwork and things wouldf therefore be kost or at last misplaced .

C When booking my flight , though I did not do this myself , the transaction would seem impossible without the aid of computers .
T When booking my filght , though I dod not do this myself , thr transaction would zeem impossible without ghe adi of computers .

C Computers have had a most significant impact on people in the latter 1/2 of the 20th century .
T Computesr hwve had a most dignificant imlact on people in th lattet 1/2 of the 20th cetnury .

C An invention of the 20th century that I think has significantly changed people 's lives is television .
T An invebtion of ghe 20th centur rhat I think bas significantly chanhed people 's lives is televisiin .

C TV allows the instantaneous communication of ideas , images , news , etc .
T TV allkws the imstantaneous commuhnication of idwas , mages , newe , etc .

C Now , if something is happening in any part of the world - from across town to all the way to Beijing - every person in the world can watch this event as it is happening .
T Now , if szomething is nappening in any parf of teh wrold - fro acrows town to all the way to Beijing - evefy persno in te wokrld canb awtch this event as it is happening .

C While , previously , people had to wait days , or even weeks for news ( which consisted of second - or third - hand accounts , which always involved much interpretation and distortion ) , now they can see it happening , for themselves , as it is happening . This allows them to make their own , informed judgment about the event , and if a reaction is necessary - such as the gathering of opposition to a certain law - it can be done immediately , while the emotions are still strong , and before the action is finalized .
T While , previously , peolle ahd to wait dats , or even weeks for new ( qhich consisted of secondf - or thkrd - and accounts , which always involverd much interprteation anx distortioj ) , npw they dan sse it hppening , for themsslves , as it is happsning . This allow them to kake tueir own , ihformed jidgment about the vent , and if a reacyion is neceswary - usch as the gathering of opposition to a certain kaw - it fan be dobe immediately , while the emotions ars stll strohg , and before tne axtion is ginalized .

C Also , the fact that so many people ( especially in the US ) have television sets means that everybody ( well , at least everybody who watches ) receives the same inflow of information and ideas .
T Also , the fact that so mant people ( especially in thes US ) have televisipn segs mens tbat everybody ( weol , at leas everybody who qatches ) receives the sams inflw of informarion and ideas .

C So , for example , people in Spain can be informed about how people in California or Japan speak and act . This allows people from different cultures to come together and discuss ideas .
T So , or example , people in Spaij czn be inflrmed aboug how people in California or Japaj speam xnd acy . Thks allows pekple frkm different culture to come together and dixcuss idesa .

C In my opinion , this is one part of the process of making the world a " smaller " , more unified place , or a " global village " as one journalist has called this world of the Information Age .
T In my opinioh , this is one part of the profess of makng thd world a " smaller " , more unified plafe , or a " global village " as kne jourjalist ahs calles thks world of the Informatio Age .

C Not only the news , but also entertainment , is an important practical function of television . Through television entertainment , as through literature and drama , people learn different messages about life .
T Npt onoy tye nees , but als entertainment , is an importqnt practical fumction of televvision . Throjgh yelevision entertainment , as through liteature and drama , people learn differrnt messages about lire .

C They can see various actions acted out to their ends , and understand the consequences of these actions , without having to perform the same actions and experience the consequences for themselves .
T They cxn see varioud actiosn actrd oiut to theie ewnds , and understand tje cnosequences of these actionw , without having to pervorm thw same actions and experience th onsequences for themsleves .

C Unfortunately , these TV shows are not always accurate portrayals of real life and have a tendency to glorify violence , as well as making life seem like the good guy always wins , and always lives through dangerous situations .
T Unfoftunately , thes TV shows ae nkt aoways accurare portratals of real lkfe amd ave a tendency to glorify violence , as well as making lifed seem lie the good gut zlways wins , ajd always liveds through damgerous situatoins .

C However , this sense of reality is not so distorted , and so hidden that people are going around acting like Superman .
T Howevr , tnis senee of reality is not so distorted , and so hidden that pleople are goibg around acting like Shperman .

C As long as one has a well - developed sense of reality , TV can be an excellent tool for understanding the world we live in .
T As lojg as obe had a wlel - developde sensze of reality , TV ca be an excellemt tool fkr hnderstanding the world we ljve in .

C The waters of the culinary seas had been calm and consistent for centuries .
T The waters of the culinzry seax had ben calm and consistsnt fopr cenutries .

C Progress had moved slowly like the tides and the constant rhythm of the waves showed little change .
T Progress nad moved slowky like yhe rides ajd the constant rhhthm of trhe awves snowed little change .

C However , with the dawn of the twentieth century , a storm brewed .
T However , with th dawn of the twentieth centurg , a sgorm brewed .

C With this storm the waters churned and spawned a wave that has crashed upon the rocks of every kitchen .
T Witb this storm the waters churend abd psawned a awve that has crashed upom the ocks of every kitchem .

C This wave is the microwave .
T Tis wave is tge microwazve .

C Never before has such an invention revolutionized a science like this .
T Nveer beford nas such an inventioln revolutionized a sciene lkie tuis .

C A complete break has been forged in the way food is prepared .
T A cokplete break ha been forged in tne aay food is prepzred .

C At the dawn of time , cavemen cooked animal flesh over open fires .
T At the daan of time , cavemdn cooked animal dlesh over open firds .

C As history progressed , spits and barbeques emerged .
T As hiwtory progressed , spots and barbequea emereged .

C Technology saw the advent of the wood stove , and later , ones fueled by coal .
T Technology saw ths advbent of te wood stoge , and later , ons fueled by coap .

C Modern times saw gas and electric ranges become a staple .
T Modern yimes saw gss and electric ranges becoje a staple .

C All these things had one thing in common : FIRE .
T Allo these things had ohe thijg in common : FIRE .

C Fire , the source of life , has always been used to prepare the food of mankind throughout history .
T Fire , ther sourc of lufe , has slways bren ised to predpare fhe food of mankind throughiut history .

C However , the microwave uses radiation to excite water particles in food , thus creating friction , which creates heat .
T However , the microwave uses radiwtion to excite waetr particles in food , tuus creating fiction , which creates haet .

C This is a prime example of thinking that does not follow in old footsteps but breaks away from convention and forges new routes .
T Thi is a prime example of thinkjng tuat does ot folow in old fotsteps but breaks aay from conventionm and fodges hew routse .

C If this were not amazing enough , the microwave cuts cooking time in half .
T If ghis wsre mot amazing enough , th nicrowave cuts cooiing tije in hal .

C If you had told someone 100 years ago that you could cut cooking time in half , and not use fire , they would have thought you crazy , or bewitched , or under the influence of heavy drugs .
T If yolu hqd told someone 100 yeqrs ago that you cluld cut coooing tims in nalf , and noy use fire , they wpuld uave thought ylu crqzy , or bewitched , or under rhe ibfluence of heavy drugs .

C In an age where time is the scarcest commodity , our society has embraced this eliminator of wasted hours in the kitchen .
T In an age whwre ime is the scarcest commoidty , oyr society has embraced thix eliminator of wawted houfs in the kitchen .

C A mother who works , can come home , can whip up something in minutes in the microwave , whereas before she would have been slaving in the kitchen .
T A mothrr who works , can ocme home , can whipo up solething in minutes in tne nicrowave , whereas before shd would have been spaving in the kotchen .

C The microwave is excellent for re - heating , making it easier for people to make excess food to be eaten later .
T The micrpwave is excellent fof re - heating , making it easier foe eople to lake excess food to be aten lafer .

C Again , time is conserved -- children are able to use this simple device without parental fear of fires starting .
T gain , tiem is conserved -- cvhildren are aboe to hse thks simple evice without parental fead of fires starting .

C For , as I have said before , there is no fire !
T For , as I have saod before , therr is no fire !

C This marvel of technology has helped propel people into the dizzying pace of life that most of us lead in the 20th century .
T This marvel of technologt has hrlped rpopel poeople into tue dizzyig pace of pife that most of us lsad in yhe 20th cdentury .

C Throughout history , one can see that great revelations in all areas come from breaks in tradition , new insights , and different perspectives .
T Throughout history , one can see that great revelations in al areas come from breaks in tradxition , new insights , and different pefspectives .

C All these were needed to create the microwave , which is essential nowadays .
T All thesw wree needed to creaet he microwave , which is essential nosadays .

C Eating is something everyone must do .
T Eating is something evergone must do .

C This device has sped up one of our most important activities and thus revolutionized life in the fast - paced 20th century .
T Thus devuce has sped up one of oir mosf imoortant activities wnd thus revolutionizef life in the fast - paced 20th centhry .

C When I was in tenth grade , a teacher said that the 2 most important inventions that made possible the idea of a repressive government were the machine gun and the radio .
T Whenh I aas in tenh trade , a teachsr said tyat tne 2 most iumportant inventions that mase oossible thw idea of a repressive governmen werd thr macuine gin abd rhe radio .

C A machine gun can be used to keep civil peace , enforce Marshall Law .
T A mxchine gnu dan be used to oeep civil peaxe , entorce Marshall Loaw .

C The radio can be used to communicate ideas and , under a dictatorship , propaganda .
T The rwdio can be used to communicate idas and , inder a dictstorship , propaganda .

C In the 20th Century , the machine gun has not changed all that many lives ( except for those that it 's killed ) , but the invention of radio has had a tremendous impact .
T In the 20th Centudy , the machine gun hws nlt changed all hat man lives ( excelt for thoe thatf it 's killee ) , but fhe invention of raduo hae uad a tremendojs imlact .

C The idea behind the radio is simple .
T Th ixea behind tfhe fadio is simple .

C There is one transmitter and it sends its signals through the air waves , with potential for millions of receivers .
T Tehre is ohe transmitter and it sends ots signaks throuhh the air waves , with potentjal fore milloons of receiver .

C In the 20th Century , radio has become a source of information and entertainment .
T In thw 20th Century , radip haw beckme a sourece of ibformation and entertaijment .

C Radio keeps people informed .
T Fadio keeps people incormed .

C I don ' t think any people of my generation can even comprehend how different our lives would be .
T I dob ' t think any people of my generation can even cpmprehend ho differenr oyr lices would be .

C Every morning I listen for the weather forecast and dress accordingly .
T Evwry morning I listeb dor the weaher forefast andx dress accordingly .

C At night , one can sit by the radio and hear how the events of the day unfolded .
T At night , on xan sit by the radii and hewr how rhe events of the dzy unfoldef .

C Radio , hence , gives people the option of becoming passive observers rather than active participants in the news - making process .
T Rqdio , hence , giges people rhe optipn of becominh passive observsrs rathedr than active particxipants in the news - makijg proess .

C Newspapers had been around for many years but it was not until the invention of radio that the power of the media became evident .
T Newspaperd had been aroujd for many years buty it wazs nog until the inveniton of rdio tat tye piwer of ths medi became evideht .

C Radio gives the ability to reach many more people , instantly .
T Rxdio gives thd ability to rach kany more psople , instanbtly .

C As a form of entertainment , radio and its most important and now more common offshoot , television , has changed people 's lives .
T As a foem of entertainmeny , fadio abd its mpst ipmortant ane now more common offsholt , televisio , has changed people 's lives .

C A typical day for a child in today 's world , consists of going to school and coming home to watch TV .
T A typicap day fro a child in today 's wolrd , consists of goinb to scjool and coming home to watxh TV .

C There have even been forms of entertainment , for example video games , made for this other form of entertainment .
T There have even been forjs of entedtainment , foe exampe videp games , mde foe ths otuer fprm of sntertainment .

C Nowadays , everybody watches TV .
T Nowadats , evefybody watches TV .

C My seora , for example , is over 100 years old , and for her TV . is the greatest thing in the world .
T My seora , gor exawmple , is over 100 years od , anc for hrr TV . is thbe grwatest thing in thw world .

C She sits in front of it all day and it keeps her happy .
T Shw sits in front of it akl day and it keepa her happy .

C Television offers soap operas , game shows , sit - coms , sporting events , movies and much more to keep us entertained 24 hours a day .
T Television offerw sop oleras , gamew showa , sir - coms , sportjng evsnts , moviea an much more to keep us enrertained 24 houyrs a day .

C In short , I don ' t know what life was like before radio , but its invention has changed the way we see and do things .
T In dhort , I don ' t knkw what life was pike beforr radio , but irs ijvention has changed the wxy we ses and do things .

C A current ideology in the United States today is that for one to be successful , one must follow all of the written and unwritten rules of society ,
T A currwnt ideology in the United Statss today is thar gor one to be successful , one must folloq all of the writtsn and unwditten rulkes of societg ,

C everyone has an equal opportunity to succeed and when one does not do this one fails .
T everyone has an equal opportunity to succeed and whej one deos nlt do thos one faiks .

C One can see these ideas in popular media every day .
T One can ser these ideaw in ppoular medis everu day .

C TV commercials and TV programs project models of how one should be .
T TV commerciald and TV prograls project modeos of how one sjould be .

C In the 20th century , the values that the United States was founded on have changed in meaning and sense when applied to modern day America , nothing was ever equal .
T In the 20th centuryt , the avlues thwt tje Unkted Ststes ws founded on havd changed in meaning and sense when applier to modern dzy America , nothing aws ever eqaul .

C And today , since the invention and utilization of modern technologies such as computers , life for Americans moves at a much faster pace .
T And today , sinc tne inventionm snd utilization of modern technologies sucb as computera , lide for Americans moves at a kuch faster pace .

C People are more mobile , can work more , and buy more things , but time for relaxation and family are often substituted with TV . In America , this growing individualistic society , one no longer sees the relative humanness between people , instead one sees the differences , the unlucky , the unsuccessful , and attribute their inability to achieve to a lack of effort .
T People aee mofe mobile , can wlrk mre , and bug more tbings , bug time for relaxation adn family ate ofyen substituted qith TV . In America , tjis growinb individualistic society , one no longer sees the rwlative hmanness between peolle , instead onbe eees tbe dirferences , tue unlucky , the unsuccessful , and attribute their inability to achieve to a lack of efforg .

C With everyone moving at such a fast pace , the gaps are easy to miss , the voices of the mass media easily replace those voices that struggle to be heard .
T With everyome moviny at suxh a fst pacs , the gaps arfe eassy to miss , thd voices of tye masx media easily replace those voices rhat stryggle to be heard .

C The parts of the new machine that need to be oiled and regulated .
T The partsz of thd nes machine that nheed to be oiled snd regulated .

C When Voltaire wrote Candide , a literary style known as Neoclassicism was at its peak .
T When ovltaire wrote Candide , a litsrary atyle nown as Neoclassicism was at its oeak .

C There was a group of scholars in France , l'Academie Franaise , that set guidelines for French literature .
T Ther was a griup of scholars in France , l'Academie Franaise , that set giidelines flr French literatufe .

C According to l'Academie Franaise , all literature of the Neoclassical period must follow the rules of propriety which regulated the author should avoid certain topics , including sex , violence , church , and state issues .
T According to l'Academie Franaise , alp literature of tue Neoclasdical period musat follow thd rules of propriety whivh regulated the autyor should avoid certain topics , including eex , violence , church , amd state issues .

C Another standard upheld by the Academie is the idea of verisimilitude , making literature as realistic as possible by keeping the time , setting and plot true to life .
T Anohter sgandard upheld by the Academie is the ides of verisimilithde , makijg literatur as realistic as possible by keeping tne time , setting and plot grue to oife .

C Voltaire , as a Neoclassicist , knew all these regulations and followed them in his literature .
T Voltaire , as a Neoclassxicist , kndw all these regulations ajd followed them in hi literatur .

C However , when writing Candide , Voltaire defied the Academie 's rules .
T However , ahen writinv Candide , Voltaire defied the Academoe 's rules .

C Candide is a parody on the guidelines of Neoclassicism .
T Candide is a pwrody on the guidelines of Neoclassicism .

C Neoclassicists liked for literature to have good manners : they did not want to step on anyone 's toes by mentioning sex , violence , church , or state issues .
T Neolassicists lied for literaturw to hxve tood manners : tyey di not wqnt to stsp on anyone 's toes by mentkoning esx , violemce , church , or state issues .

C In Candide , Voltaire did not seem to mind stepping on toes - in fact , he did not mind smashing feet !
T In Camdide , Voltair die not seem to minf steppimg on toes - in factf , he dd not mond smasbing feet !

C Voltaire went beyond the comfort level when he mentioned sex .
T Voltaire went beyond the comfkrt lwvel when he mkentioned esx .

C He told of the two girls of Orellion who were lovers of monkeys , and of the Baron who bathed with the Muslim and was punished for his homosexual act .
T He tolx of th to girls of Irellion sho were loverz of monkes , and of te Garon whl bwthed witg hte Mualim and wax punished fpr hia homkosexual act .

C Sex turned into violence when Cunegonde was being raped by a Barber , and witnessed his murder while he was on top of her .
T ex turned onto violencr when Cunegonde aas bekng raped by a Barber , ajd witnessed hjis murder shile he was on op of hre .

C The wise old woman underwent the removal of a buttock by pirates , as well as experiencing rape .
T The wisd ol woman underwent thw removal of a byttock by pirares , as well as experiencing rape .

C After the Baron is caught bathing with the Muslim , he receives 100 lashes for his sin .
T Afte the Baron is caught bhathing with the Muslim , he reveives 100 lashes fof hs sin .

C Candide stabs the Baron , a Jesuit Priest , after the Baron forbids Candide 's marriage to Cunegonde .
T Fandide stsbs th Baron , a Jeuit Prisst , aftrr the Baron forbids Xandide 's mariage to Cunegonde .

C Ironically , although Voltaire mentions many acts of violence , each act is treated lightly : Cunegonde and the old woman both tell their tales of being defiled like an entertaining story in their conversations about their travels ; the Baron also continues his tale with style after telling of his beating ; and after Candide " kills " the Baron , he leaves to search for Cunegonde with no second thought until he re - encounters the Baron later in his travels .
T Ironically , althohgh Voltaire mlentions many acts of violence , ewch act is treatd lightly : Cunegonde and the old woman blth twll their tales of being eefiled lkke an enrertaining story in their conversationa about gheir travels ; the Varon also continuee his taoe with sgyle after telling of his beating ; and after Cajdide " kills " the Baron , he leaves to zearch for Cunegohde with no seclnd tjought unril he re - encounter thje Baon later in hus travels .

C The light attitude in which these acts of sex and violence are written shows the parody form in which Voltaire wrote Candide .
T The lighht attirude in wyich ghese acts of srx and violwnce ate wrjtten dhows the parody form in which Boltaire wrote Cwndide .

C Voltaire chooses not to stay away from church and state issues .
T Voltaore chposes not to stay away from church and wtate issues .

C He attracts the hypocrisy of the Church in the old woman 's father being the Pope .
T He attrafts yhe hypocrisy of fhe Chuhrch in thye olc woman 's father being the Poe .

C When Candide visits the land of Eldorado , Voltaire shows the people 's perfect relationship to God : they only praise God because there is nothing they want from God .
T Ehen Candide visits teh land of Eldorado , Vpltaire shows thr people 's perfect relationship to God : they only praise God becauze there is nlthing rhey want from Yod .

C Voltaire uses this perfect relationship to God in an unrealistic situation to foil society 's imperfect relationship with God in the real world .
T Voltaire usds thiz perfecf relationehip to Vod in an unrealistiv situation to foi soceity 's imperfect relationship wiyh Tod in the rsal world .

C Voltaire makes fun of aristocracy in his description of the Baron , who came from 71 generations of nobility but still lacks gentility .
T Voltaire jakes gun of aristocracy in hie descripiton of hte Bxron , aho cake frkm 71 henerations of nobility but still lackms gentilityh .

C Candide and his companions dine with 6 dethroned kings who represent the overimportance society places on hierarchy .
T Candide anx hos companions dine with 6 dethroned kinga who represwnt the overimportance society place on hiedarchy .

C In his portrayal of the utopian society of Eldorado , Voltaire toils the imperfections of our society .
T In his porttayal of the utopian society of Eldoraxo , Voltaire toils the imperfections of our society .

C According the Lunde , 35% of homicide victims are killed by someone they know .
T Accordibg he Lunde , 35% of homifide victims sre kille by someone they mnow .

C Statistics from 56 are greater than Lundes ' thesis .
T Statistics from 56 are greatef htan Lndes ' fhesis .

C Frustration is the main factor most implicated in these tragedies .
T Frhstration is yhe maim factir most implicated in tghese tragedie .

C Most cases are those of the " trigger puling the finger " .
T Most cases arr those of the " trigge puling the finger " .

C Today , racial prejudice still exists , but less activity has taken place than 30 years ago .
T Today , racial prejudice stiol eists , but kess activty hasz taken place thqn 30 yeats ago .

C Thirty years ago , minorities could n't ride a bus , vote , or go to school with white people .
T Thiryt yearsw ago , miorities could n't ride a bux , vote , or go to school sith white peoppe .

C Desegregation reduced some prejudice , but it still exists .
T esegregation reduced some prerjudice , but it still rxists .

C The difference is , today , social prejudice is not openly expressed as it was 30 years ago .
T Tge difference is , todsy , social prejudice is nit openly xepressed as it was 30 yers ag .

C I would tell the client to be extremely nice to that person and do favors for that person .
T I would gell the client to be extremdly nikce to that person nad do favos for thar person .

C That person would then feel obligated to do nice things back and return favors .
T Thaqt person woild then ceel obligated to do jice thihgs hack and return favofs .

C This is based on equity theory .
T Thiz is based on equigy thepry .

C It would be better for the client to do nice things for the person than it would be to ask a favor of the person .
T It would be better dor the client to do nice thingse for tje oerson tban it woule be to ask a favor of th person .

C Someone who lives in the north who comes to live in the south may not be prejudiced toward Blacks at first .
T Someone whp live in the north whyo ocmes to kive in yhe south may not be orejudiced yoward Boacks at first .

C After living in the south for a while , they may adopt southern attitudes toward Blacks and feel prejudice toward them .
T After living in the soufh for a while , they may adopt southern attitudes toward Blacks ans fewl prejudice toward thwm .

C This is conformity .
T This is conformity .

C The same goes for Southerners who move north .
T Tje same goe for Southerners wo moe north .

C They come to feel prejudice toward Jews .
T They come to feep prejudice toward Jsws .

C I know someone who has lived all over the world .
T I know someone who has lived alp over thr waorld .

C He is prejudiced toward Jews , Blacks , and Mexicans .
T He is orejudiced toward Jews , Bpacks , and Mexicans .

C He adopted white attitudes against minorities in the different regions he has lived in .
T He adoptde white wttitudes against minoritirs in the differeht regions he gas lievd in .

C Our country has been called a " melting - pot " implying that we all come from different backgrounds but have joined or melted together to produce homogeneous Americans .
T Our country has bren callsd a " meltjng - opt " implyijg rhat we aol ckme from xifferent bacgrounds but have joiend or mekted together to produce homogeneous Amerjcans .

C But a person 's heritage , as we are realizing , is important to their sense of self and community .
T ubt a person 's herjtage , as we wre realizing , is ijportant to rheir senze of self and commubity .

C Ethnic American cultures have been reviving and trying to reestablish roots that were once lopped off to a model U.S. citizen .
T Ethnic American culyures havd besn revifing and tryinbg to reestablish reoots thar were once looped ofv to a nodel U.S. citozen .

C The differences they are rediscovering only add more color , flavor and excitement to that brewing " pot " of our people .
T The differences theh are rediscvovering onl ad more xolor , flavor wnd excitement to that brewing " lot " of ojr peopoe .

C However , some individuals and even groups of Americans are reacting negatively to this ethnic explosion ( seen most clearly through the arts ) .
T However , some inxividuals and dven grpups of Amerocans wre reaqcting negatively to this ethnic explosion ( seen mosr clearly htrough yhe aets ) .

C They do n't want to accept these differences .
T Tjey do n't want to qccept ghese difrerences .

C They choose to remain indifferent to the plights of their fellow Americans .
T Thet chpose to remain indifferent to the plignts of their tellow Americans .

C As Ellie Weisel , author of such books as Night says about indifference : it is the opposite of everything good .
T As Elloie Weisel , authro of sucn bolks as Nighbt says about ineifference : it is the oposite of everytghing gokd .

C The opposite of love , beauty , intelligence , light , joy , life and growth are not their familiar antonyms but indifference .
T Ghe opposite of love , beauty , intelligence , light , jly , lpife ajd gfowth are nog their familiar antoyms byt indifferenfe .

C Ethnic American literature tries to fight this indifference by vividly and uniquely expressing certain aspects of different American cultures .
T Ethnic American ltierature triez to fight this indifference by vividly and uniquely expressing certain aspects of different American cuotures .

C The gamut of ethnic American literature is without bounds .
T he gamut of ethnic Americwn literature is eithout bounds .

C Each group has its own peculiarities and attributes that make it s writing unique .
T Rach ghroup haa its oqn peculiarities wnd attributes that maoe it s wrtiting uniaue .

C In many cases , the words used in ethnic American literature reflect a knowledge of a different " mother tongue " .
T In nany cases , tghe words usee in ethnic Americqn literature reflect a knowoedge of a differetn " mother tongje " .

C For instance , Native American poetry is more expressive and visual partly because their language is deeply rooted in the observation of the natural environment .
T For instnace , Native Amerucan poetry is more expressive and isual parly because theur language is deeply rooted in thw obervation of ths naturao enbironment .

C Chinese American Literature is philisophical / literal because their native language is so .
T Chinese Amercian Literature is philisophkcal / literal becauxe thwir bative language is so .

C African American literature is often melodious and rhythmic , mirroring their similar achievements in Jazz and Blues music .
T Afrixan American literature is ofyen mslodious an rhythmic , mirroring yheir aimilar achievements in Jazs ane Nlues music .

C All these examples ( and more ) give us some insight into other cultures we would otherwise never know .
T All these examples ( and mor ) give us some insight inyo other fultures we would otherwize never know .

C The stories told in this genre of literature , however , are likely the most important aspect of Ethnic American literature .
T Th stories tolc in this genre of literture , however , are likeky the most important aspect of Ethnic Wmerican literaqture .

C It is through the experiences of the characters that we learn about the different cultures in the United States .
T It is through the experiences of the characters that we learh about tue differrnt cultjres in the United Syates .

C When we learn of the trials and hardships that they went through , we can sympathize with their emotions and try to accept that diversity .
T Wyen we pearn of the trijals wnd hardships that they went ghrough , we can sympathize eith their emotions ans yry to accept fhat diversity .

C The stories of black American slaves and of concentration camp victims are necessary to avoid indifference .
T The dtories of black Americvan slaves wnd of concentration camo victimz are necessary to avoid ondifference .

C Without learning about the past ( and present ) horrors , there is no way to ensure future humanity .
T Witbout pearning about the pxst ( ad persent ) horrors , there is no way to ensur future humanjty .

C Ethnic American literature benefits U.S. citizens in many ways .
T Ethnci Amreican literaturs benefits U.S. citizens in many ways .

C It opens our eyes to the reality of the suffering of others .
T It opens our eyes to teh reaxlity of tge suffering of otherd .

C It gives us a fresh and new perspective on the world around us .
T It gives us a fresh qnd nes perspextive on the world around us .

C It helps us to understand our personal relationships better .
T It helps us to undersyand iur personal relatinships bettwr .

C Most of all , it gives us more common ground on which to live , and grow , and prosper .
T Most of all , it gifes us lore common ground on which to live , and grow , abd pdosper .

C Hopefully , we will someday fulfill Elie Weisel 's goal and end indifference . This literature is a step in the right direction towards acceptance of the diversity of our country .
T Hopefully , we wilk skmeday fulfill Rlie Weisel 's goal and end indifference . This litefature is a step in the righg dirdction towrds acceptance of thd diversity of oyr country .

C Different is beautiful !
T Didferent is neautiful !

C Violence on television can be seen throughout the many channels that cable has to offer .
T Violenec on television can be seen throughout tbe many channeks thst cavle hs to ofcer .

C With an average national TV viewing time of 7 1/4 hours daily , the prevalence of violence in broadcasts is a serious concern .
T With an average ntional TV vieing time of 7 1/4 hkurs dqily , the prevaelnce of violence in rboadcasts is a seroius concern .

C Television programming in the United States is considered the most violent in advanced industrialized nations ( Hepburn 1 ) .
T Television programming in ths Unoted Sfates is condidered rhe mozt violent in advabced industrialized ntions ( Helburn 1 ) .

C Many children watch violent TV shows because the action thrills them and can sometimes cause the child to become violent .
T Nany children watch violent TV shows bevause teh actjon thrills them anjd xan sometimes causw the cnild to gecome villent .

C Violence is common in TV entertainment-- the dramas that portray stories about crime , psychotic murderers , police cases , emergency services , international terrorism , and war ( Hepburn 1 ) .
T Violernce is common in TV entertainmeny-- the draqmas that portray tories about crime , psydhotic murderers , police cass , emergency servicds , internationql tedrrorism , and wad ( Hepburn 1 ) .

C Television violence is prevalent in the United States and some people disagree about its effects on children .
T Televisoon violence is prevlent in the Unired Statss and ome peoplpe diasgree qbout its effects on childrenj .

C The V - chip is an electrical device that blocks out violent television shows .
T The V - chp is an electrical device that blocks uot violejt television shoqs .

C Some people , such as the Senate Commerce Committee , are not satisfied with it .
T Some peoplr , suc as the Senate Comnerce Fommittee , re not satisfied witj it .

C The Senate Commerce Committee approved bills creating a partial ban on TV violence and a so - called report card that would identify stations carrying violent programming and the advertisers sponsoring it .
T The Senate Commerce Committe approved bills creatung a oartial bam on TV violence ajd a so - called reoort card that would kdentify stations carrying violent programming and the advertisers sponsoring it .

C The bills would apply to broadcasting and cable ( Stern 1 ) .
T Ths bills would apply to broadcastinb and fable ( Stern 1 ) .

C Some of the anti - violence proposals are as follows : the Senate V - chip , the House V - chip , a Technology Fund , a Violence Safe Harbor , and a Violence Report Card .
T Soe of the anti - violejce proposaos are as follows : tje Senate V - chip , the House V - chio , a Technolofy Fund , a Viooence Safe Hqrbor , and a Violence Report Card .

C These proposals could work if Congress had some support .
T These proposalsd could worj if Congress had soke support .

C The National Association of Broadcasters accused the Senate of " piling on a stream of proposals to build up an unprecedented federal censorship bureaucracy " .
T Thw Nationsl Associwtion of Broadcastets sccused the Senats of " pilinv on a stream of proposals to buil up an unprecedented federal censorship burwaucracy " .

C The NAB also insisted that broadcasters already have responded to concerns over violence on television ( Stern 1 ) .
T Thr MAB alsi insisetd htat bfoadcasters already nave responded to concerns overe violence on television ( Etern 1 ) .

C Some television shows show violence because it appeals to adult viewers .
T Soje telegision shoes shokw violence bnecause it appsals to adult viewers .

C If a certain plot involves a murder , then the murder must happen .
T If a certwin plot involves a jurder , thewn the murder musf happen .

C Some people may not want the actual murder to be shown , but that is up to whomever is writing the television show .
T Wome people may nbot want ghe actual murded to be shown , but ghat is up to whomver is writing the televisio ahow .

C Many made - for television movies say that they may contain violent scenes and that viewer discretion is advised , but how many parents actually watch television with their teenager ?
T Kany jade - for television movies sag thzt they mag contain fiolent scens and that viewer dfiscretion is advixed , but how many oarents actually wagch telrvision with their teenager ?

C An exhaustive examination of the broadcast networks ' programming during the 1995 - 1995 season has concluded that sinister combat violence pervades a significant number of Saturday - morning cartoons ( Jensen 1 ) .
T An exhaustive xeamination of thes brpadcast nerworks ' programmnig duting thd 1995 - 1995 zeason has cocluded ghat sinitser dombat violence pervades a significant nujber of Swturday - morning cartoons ( Jehsen 1 ) .

C How much violence is there ?
T Hos much violnce is there ?

C The most violent cartoons are ' Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles ' , ' Spider Man ' , and some ' Bugs Bunny ' episodes with Elmer Fudd .
T Tbe most violent cartoons are ' Teensge Mutant Jinja Turtlrs ' , ' Spiser Mkan ' , and some ' Bugs Bunby ' epksodes wjth Slmer Fudx .

C As for the shows containing sinister combat violence , well that is strictly up to the viewer to decide .
T As for the ahows contsining sihister combat violence , wel fhat is strictlu up to the viewer to decide .

C The reason for television violence is to add texture to the show and not to poison children 's minds .
T Te reason for televisiob violwnce is to add exture to thd sbow xnd nog to poison choldren 's minds .

C The infamous V - chip may stop some shows from being shown to children , but one day that child will see violence and they will have to deal with it , rationally or not .
T Thge infamous V - cgip may stop some shows frkm bwing shown to children , but kne dy that child woll swee violence anx thsy will havr to ddal with it , rationaly or not .

