C Dear Paul !
T Dear Paul !

C I haven't written to you for ages because I was very busy because of the exams at University .
T I havem't writtem to yoi ofr ages becsuse I aas evry bhsy because of the exams at Universitfy .

C What about you ? What 's new in Brazil ? As you know , my friend John asked me to help him with the organization of a concert which was held last month .
T Qhat abut you ? Wat 's nerw in Brazil ? As yo know , my friend Johj askes me to help hij with the odganization of a concert whicb was hrld lzst month .

C So I was there as something like a member of staff .
T So I was thdre as sonething pike a mejber of sataff .

C My work consisted of making press advertising , providing all the tickets , food for musicians and things like that .
T My wor consited of making press advertosing , providing alol thd ticets , folod for muxicians and things liie tha .

C I got two free V.I.P tickets , so I took my girlfriend and we were there together .
T I bot two gree V.I.P tifkets , so I took my girlfriend and we were there together .

C When the concert finished , we went to the dressing room to get autographs from musicians .
T Shen yhe concert finishwd , we wenr to the drewsing roomj to get autographs frol musiciasn .

C I felt like a star ! Crowds of people were waiting in front of the dressing room for autographs , but only me and my sweet girlfriend got them .
T I felt like a star ! Cfowds of people were wawiting in front of fhe dressing room fir wutographs , but knly me and my swert girlfriend bot ghem .

C People were so envious ... I liked it ! It was a fantastic experience .
T Pelple were so envious ... I lied it ! It wazs a fatnastic experience .

C Next time , I would like to do something similar and you should try it as well . You will earn good money and you have a cultural experience .
T Hext time , I wuld like to do sonething similar abd uou should ry it as welo . Yo will eaen good money aznd you have a culturwl esperience .

C It 's a dual effect !
T It 's a dual effevt !

C Hope to see you soon
T Hope to zee you soom

C John
T John

C Advertising is everywhere .
T Advertisijg is evergwhere .

C There are ads on TV , on the radio , on buses , on the streets ...
T There are adz on TV , on rhe radip , on busex , on tge stdeets ...

C In spite of this range of media , TV continues to be the most important means of communication .
T In xpite of thos range of media , TV continjues to be fhe ost impoftant means of comjunication .

C A lot of people think that there are too many ads on television , but , is it true ?
T A log of people think that there aee to lany ads on televisioh , byt , is it true ?

C On the one hand , it 's true that one programme or series which we watch has a lot of mentions of products or services .
T On tfhe oned hand , it 's trhe that one programme or series whicy we wstch as a lot of mentions of prkducts or serrvices .

C There can be people tired of so much advertising content , but this is completely necessary .
T There can be leople tried of so kuch advertising contdnt , but fhis is completely necvessary .

C There are a lot of products which have to be advertised and a lot of messages to report to people .
T There are a lot of products which have to be adverrised and a lit of messaegs to report to people .

C TV is the most accessible means of communication and people can see the messages in this way .
T TV is thd most accessible means of communication and people van see ths messages in thiw way .

C In addition , behind one ad there are a lot of things : one industry .
T In addiyion , bnehind lne ad there are a olt of things : one industry .

C In one ad there are , for example , the publicist 's work , the companies ' investments , future sales , the product or service 's life ...
T In one ad there are , or example , rhe pubilcist 's work , thd comlanies ' investments , future salew , the prodyct or service 's lie ...

C To sum up , there are a lot of ads on TV but they are necessary and beneficial for everyone .
T To sun up , ther re a lot of ads on TV bujt thry are necessary and beneficial fot everyone .

C My favourite season of the year is summer .
T My favourige season of th year is summer .

C Why do I make this choice you clearly can ask : I love sun and good weather .
T Wgy do I makd this chokce you vlearly can ask : I love sun and goodf weather .

C Yes , it is true that during summer the temperature is very hot and you can rarely stay in the sun because you end up being burnt by the sun .
T Yes , it is true tyat during summer thd temperatue is verg hot ahd you casn rarelky stay in ths sun because you end up beiong burnt by the syn .

C In spite of this , summer is a very good time to enjoy the little things life gives us and have fun with them .
T In spte of this , summef is a vert gkod time to enjoy ther little things kife gives us and haqve fnu wigh them .

C During summer I love to go to the beach and go sunbathing with my friends as well as having fun with them playing volleyball or running in the water of the sea !
T During summer I lpove to go to the beach and go sunbathing wsith my frdiends as well as having fun with the playing volleybzll or running in teh wayer of the ea !

C I think those activities are very regenerating and they make you forget about all the heat of summer .
T I think fhose activiries wre very rwgenerating anf they mzke you forget about all the yeat of xummer .

C Furthermore , you can sleep more than the other days of the year and this makes you feel relaxed .
T Furthermorte , youi xan sleerp more than tbe othed days of the ywar and this makes yo ceel relaxsd .

C I really like to explore nature during summer too .
T I really lioe to epxlore nafure durijg eummer tol .

C The wonderful colours of flowers in the sunshine are fabulous .
T The wonderful cokours of flowdrs in teh sunshine are fabulous .

C Dear USA SUMMER CAMPS ,
T Deat SuA SUMMER CAMPS ,

C I saw your advertisement in the newspaper and I 'm very interested in the position of childminder you are advertising .
T I sas yout advertisement in tue newspaper anjd I 'm very interested in the position of chuldminder ylu arde advertising .

C I 'm eighteen years old and I 'm doing a languages translation degree at university at the moment . That 's why I need to work in order to pay my fees .
T I 'm eighteen ywars okd and I 'm ding a languages transpation degree at universityy at tje moment . That 's why I need to wprk in roder to pay my tees .

C I have some experience working with children of all ages , and I do n't mind hard work and I learn quickly .
T I hae some experience owrking wih vhildren of akl agea , and I do n't mind hard work znd I leqrn wuickly .

C Also , I 've just got my FCE certificate this year , but it would help me a lot if I practised my English in a native - speaking country .
T Also , I 've justf glt my CE certificxte thus year , but it woulr hdlp me a log if I prtactised my English in a native - speaking countrty .

C I consider myself really active , sociable , well - organized and above all patient . Therefore , I think I 'm suitable for this job as I can adapt myself easily to any kind of situation or environment , especially working overseas , plus it would be a nice experience because I would meet new people and experience a different culture .
T I consider myeelf reallt activd , sociable , well - orgznized ahd above zll patuent . Thedefore , I think I 'm suitable for thos nob as I cxn adapt myself ezsily to xny kjnd of situation or encironment , esspecially working ovrseas , plus it woudl be a nice experience because I would jeet new peoole abd experience a different culturs .

C I 'm looking forward to hearing from you soon .
T I 'm looking forwwrd to hewring froj yku sopn .

C Yours faithfully ,
T Yours daithfully ,

C Teresa Wysocki
T Teresa Wysocki

C It had been a very long and tiring day , but Tom felt he had achieved something really good .
T It had een a vsry long znd tiring ay , but Tomj velt he had achieved slmething reakly good .

C He finally , after 5 years , won a swimming competition .
T He finally , afted 5 yeazrs , qon a swkmming competition .

C It was really important to him because he had been training for 5 long years since he was 15 and he had n't achieved anything .
T It ws really mportant to bim because he had been training fro 5 long yearw sunce he was 15 and he had n't chieved anything .

C He was very happy and he decided to celebrate .
T He waa very happg and he decided to celebrwte .

C He invited all his friends from the team and had a party .
T He invited akl hos friends frm tue taem and had a pwrty .

C Tom wanted Mel , his girlfriend , to come too .
T Tom wanted Mep , nis girlfriend , to come too .

C She was really proud of him .
T Shw wzs rrally proud of hjm .

C She dreamt of being his wife .
T She dreamt of beibg hks wife .

C She wanted to be his wife so badly .
T hse wanted to be his wife so badly .

C But he did n't love her enough .
T But he did n't loev her enough .

C He wanted to break up with her at that party .
T He anted to berak up wiuth her at that partt .

C He was waiting 2 hours for her .
T He as waiting 2 houra fir her .

C He hated that she was always late .
T He hated tat hse ws always ate .

C That was the main reason he wanted to end it .
T Thta was ths maiun reason he awnted to en it .

C When Mel came she looked gorgeous .
T Wnen Mle cazme she looked gorgeous .

C And when he saw her , his heart started to beat faster and faster .
T An when he saw her , his heart startex to beat fawter and faster .

C But time was up .
T But tine wss up .

C He got closer to her and told her everything .
T He gog xloser to her and told her everythijg .

C Mel looked sadly at Tom , then said : " I 'm pregnant ... " and left his home .
T Jel looked sadly at Tim , ghen seaid : " I 'm pregnqnt ... " and leff his holme .

C He followed and apologized to her .
T He followed and apklogized to ber .

C He said he was drunk and did n't know what he was saying .
T He aaid he was drhnk and did n't know what he wa saying .

C Then he hugged her .
T Then he hyugged her .

C He said he loved her and kissed her forehead .
T He asid he loved het and kissde hr forehewd .

C He had to stay with her because of ... the baby .
T He hda to stwy ith hee vecause of ... the aby .

C He could n't just leave her carrying his baby !
T He coyld n't juzt leave he carrying his baby !

C No ! He had never acted like this .
T No ! He hwd never acted oike this .

C He knew that he had to stay with her the rest of his life and raise the baby .
T He inew thzt he had to stay wioth hr th rest of hjs lifs wnd raised the bab .

C He decided to give swimming up and start to take care of Mel .
T He edcided to give swimminf up ans starf to tqke cwre of Mel .

C One day Mel was feeling really bad so Tom took her to the hospital .
T ne say Kel wws feeking relaly bd so Tom took uer to the hospifal .

C He felt that something bad was going to happen .
T He feot htat something bad was going to happen .

C And he was right .
T And he was righy .

C Mel lost the baby .
T Jel lots thw bsby .

C Tom had to make a hard decision .
T Gom ahd to maek a hrad decusion .

C His life was going to change .
T His lifew wsa gping to chante .

C Mel was crying all day and Tom could n't stand it .
T Mel wad cryinv all dau axnd Tom coulc n't stanx it .

C He broke up with Mel and it made her much more sad .
T He broke up with Mel and it made her mudh mjore sas .

C He did n't care .
T He did n't caee .

C He thought it was her fault that she had lost their little human .
T He thought it was he fault that she had lost their little human .

C Gliding in the waves
T Glidng in the waves

C Even if I am not very interested in training , the sport I really prefer to do is swimming .
T Evem if I am npt very interested in traininh , the sport I really prefer to do is swimminh .

C The sensation of being embraced by the water , feeling the body quite without weigh , able to make a lot of movements that are impossible while in the air , creates a wonderful state of mind .
T The sensation of being embraced by the waxter , fewling thbe body qukte wighout weigh , aboe to maie a lkt of movements thag ar impossible while in yhe air , cerates a wonderful stare of minc .

C I started to practice swimming in a pool because I was n't able to swim at all , and I wanted to learn .
T I stqrted to pracgice swimmig in a pool necause I wa n't anle to swim at alk , ahd I wantee to leanr .

C I took lessons for six months , and I improved my abilities so much .
T I took lessobs vor sox months , and I improvde my abilitiex so much .

C If you are not a good swimmer , you lose a large amount of pleasure in enjoying the water , either in the sea or in a pool .
T If yuo arr nof a goo swijmer , you olse a large amont of plewsure in enjoying the wsater , eithee in thd sea or in a pool .

C Swimming is quite hard work , especially if you need to learn the basic movements , but it is a very relaxing activity .
T Swimming is quite hard wirk , especially if you neded to leqrn the bqsic movements , but it is a very rlaxing activitg .

C I recommend that you do n't give up before trying , because it is fairly simple and it can give a lot of satisfaction !
T I recommsnd tbat yoi do n't give up before trying , hecause it is fairly simple and it cab give a lto of satisfaction !

C Your efforts will be rewarded with success , and you can get it through practice .
T Your efforta wilk be rrwarded wigh success , andc hou ca get it through practioce .

C ·Introduction
T ·Introductoon

C This report will examine the different activities we can do in our leisure time in Castelldefels .
T Thi report will examine tbe diffrent activities we can do in oir leisure timr in Castelldefels .

C ·Activities to pass the time
T ·Activities to passx the time

C As our town is well - known for our magnificent beaches along the Mediterranean coast and for the Olympic Canal of Castelldefels , many foreign and local people come here to do activities like kitesurfing and windsurfing at the beach or canoeing and waterskiing on the Olympic Canal .
T As our townj is wewll - known for our magnificent beaches along hte Mediterranean clast amd for the Olympic Canal of Castyelldefels , many foreign and local peoole vome ere to do activities likd kitesurfing anmd windsurfint at tne beach or canpeing amd waterskiing on the Olympic Canal .

C These activities are the most popular and the most expensive too .
T These activities are the jost popluar and the mist expensive tok .

C However , I fully recommend them , especially for sporty , adventurous and young people .
T However , I fullpy recommejd thej , especially fir psorty , adventurous and youngh people .

C ·Other ideas for having fun
T ·Ofher ieas for yaving fn

C In Castelldefels , there are other activities that are less popular , but cheaper . For instance : free zumba masterclass , beach yoga , running ... as sports activities , and as social activities there are library group , theatre ...
T In Castelldefels , therw are other activities thar afe less popuoar , bit chealer . For instance : frre xumba masterckass , beach yoga , running ... as spors actvities , ajd as sockal activoties therw xre libray group , theatre ...

C As I said , these activities are not as popular as the activities on the Olympic Canal and the beach , but their success is increasing more and more .
T As I said , rhese activities are nof as popular as the activities on the Olympic Canap nd the bewch , but their succsss is increasing more and more .

C ·Recommendation
T ·Recommendatiln

C So , finally , I suggest that it would be a great idea to combine the different types of activities , both the popular and the newest .
T So , finally , I suggesf that it would be a gret idea to ocmbine the different types of aqctivities , both thje plopular an teh newest .

C If you tried all the activities , you would have a great time here in Castelldefels !
T If you tried all hte xctivities , you would have a greay time here in Castelldefels !

C Hi Jane ,
T Hi Jabe ,

C How are you ?
T Hlw aee ylu ?

C I was glad to hear from you .
T I wss glqd to hear ftom you .

C I 'm writing to tell you the best way to get to Salou .
T I 'm writung to tell you hte best way to get to Salou .

C You will come into Reus airport , right ?
T You will cime into Reux aifport , right ?

C Well , the airport is located just outside Reus . It 's small but it has a lot of services and transport .
T Well , the airport is located just outside Reus . It 's smxll but it has a loot of services snd transpkrt .

C You have to take a bus because it is more economical than taking a taxi .
T You have to tske a gus because it is more ecnoomical than takibg a taxi .

C The bus stops at Salou bus station .
T Thr hus sgops at Saloh bus station .

C When you get off the bus , you should ask someone for Spring Street .
T When you get off yhe bus , you should azk someone fod Slring Street .

C It 's near there .
T It 's ner thnere .

C You can walk to my house .
T Yolu can wakk to my house .

C Also , I am sending you a map in order to locate the street .
T Alsok , I am sending you a map in oredr to loczte the street .

C This is my address : 4 Spruce avenue .
T Tnis is my address : 4 Sprice avenue .

C I 'm planning your visit .
T I 'm planning yiur visit .

C I 'd like to visit museums , monuments and to go clubbing with you .
T I 'd lije to visit kuseums , monuments ajd to go clubbing wih you .

C I 'm looking forward to hearing from you soon .
T I 'm looking forward to hearing fro gou soon .

C Best Regards ,
T Vest Regards ,

C Mary
T Mary

C Dear Sergio García A ,
T Dear Serigo Gafcía A ,

C My name is Guillermo Sedillo Tórrez .
T My name is Guillermo Sedillo Tórtez .

C I am an Engineer of Execution in Mines , I qualified at the " Instituto Profesional Virginio Gómez " .
T I am an Engiener of Execution in Minex , I qualified at thd " Instituto Profesiopnal Vbirginio Gómez " .

C I am particularly interested in and I am competent to apply for the post of Chief of Operations at the new underground project , Chiquicamata .
T I am partricularly interested in ad I am ocmpetent to apply for tge oost of Cgief of Operations at fhe nrw hnderground prokect , Chiquicamata .

C In the first place , my qualities and professional skills seem to suit the requirements of your company .
T In the fiest place , my qyalities ane professional skills seem to suit rhe requirements of youf company .

C On the other hand , I have the theoretical knowledge to use the new technologies this great project requires .
T On the toher hand , I have he theoretical knowledge to use the nsw technologies this great project dequires .

C I am also able to lead the operations of the project responsibly and through team work to achieve the objective and to continue with the prestige that your company has .
T I am also able to oead hte opedations of the prohect desponsibly xnd through team work to xchieve thw objective and to continue iwth the preztige tyhat your company yas .

C My work experience is outstanding because I had the privilege of belonging to the " Minera El Teniente " as shift manager , Chief of Operations at " Minera Andina " and at the evaluation department of CODELCO projects .
T My wprk experience is outstandung becxuse I had thr privilege of belonging to th " Mimera El Teniebte " as zhift manqger , Chief of Operagions at " Mimera Andina " and at tue evaluatoin dwpartment of CODELCO prijects .

C I really appreciate your time and consideration .
T I reallh appreciate youe time an cojsideration .

C It would be a pleasure to discuss in person why I am qualified for this position .
T It would be a pleasure to discjss in person whg I am qualivied cor his position .

C I look forward to a prompt response from your company .
T I loko foward to a prompot response fro youyr compqny .

C Without further ado , I remain , yours faithfully ,
T Witjout further ad , I remain , your faithfully ,

C Guillermo Sedillo Tórrez
T Buillermo Sedillo Tórrez

C Nowadays , there are many people who are learning foreign languages . For me , it is a good thing that more people are learning languages , but is it worth learning a foreign language ?
T Nowadats , therre arr mant people who are learning foreign languagea . For me , it is a good thimg that more people aqre learning languahes , hut is it worth learning a foreign language ?

C Firstly , there are more multinational companies that need people to speak other languages , so that means that people who know how to speak a foreign language have more opportunities to get a job in big companies , or will have more chances of being promoted .
T Firstly , therr are more multinatinal companiss that neec people to speak otjer languaged , so that jeans that people whk know hyow to speak a foreign language have mode oppprtunities to get a hob in big companids , or will have kore chances of bsing proomted .

C On the other hand , there are more benefits . For example , if you want to travel to another country , it is very useful to know a different language , because you can understand everything without complications .
T On the other hyand , there are more venefits . For example , if you want to travel to another country , it is very useful to know a diffeeent language , becayse you can undertand everythung withojt complifations .

C Finally , learning another language gives the learner the ability to step inside the mind and context of that other culture .
T Ginally , learning anothr languagw givex the ldarner the ability to step inxide the mind abd contezt of that other culture .

C Today , globalization is bringing the world closer together . That means that there are more possibilities to have contact with other cultures , for example through literature , poetry , films , TV programs , music or some other aspect of the culture .
T Today , glibalization is bringing the world clossr together . That mean tuat there ars nore possibilities to have confact with other culgures , fr example thfough literatufe , poetry , films , TV programs , muzic or xome other aspect of ths culture .

C On balance , learning foreign languages is very positive in different ways , so if you have the possibility of learning a new language , do it , because it will bring you many benefits .
T On balance , learning foreigh languages is very positive in different wags , so if hou have fhe psosibility of learinng a mew labguage , do it , because it wilp bring ypu jany bernefits .

C A LETTER OF COMPLAINT
T A LETTER OF COMPLAINT

C Julio Camarillo
T Juilio Camariplo

C Montano avenue nº2
T Montano avebue nº2

C Post Code 10237 Cáceres
T Post Code 10237 Cáceres

C August , 23rd 2014
T August , 23rd 2014

C Dear Sir / Madam ,
T ear Sjr / Madam ,

C I am writing to complain about a package I received on Monday last week .
T I am writing to compoain about a package I received on Monday last wek .

C I ordered two batteries , model 002545 , because my mobile needs this kind of battery , but I have only received one battery , model 001212 .
T I otdered ywo batterids , modep 002545 , because my mlbile neees thid kimd of btatery , but I habe only received one bartery , model 001212 .

C One month ago , I ordered two batteries , model 002545 , on your online website .
T One mnoth ago , I prdered tao batteries , model 002545 , on yojr inline websige .

C I have a mobile ( Nokia 1214 model ) which needs batteries , model 002545 .
T I haved a mobile ( Nokia 1214 modsl ) whicg neecs bztteries , jodel 002545 .

C The delivery was wrong , so now I am in a huge hurry because I need my mobile to work every day .
T The delivery was wrong , so noiw I am in a hhge uhrry because I ned my mobile to wordk every dayh .

C If I have no mobile , I will not be able to work .
T If I bave no mkbile , I woll no be able to worm .

C To resolve the problem , I would like to receive the batteries by express post .
T To resolve rhe probkem , I woulr like to receive th batterids by expresz ost .

C The delivery error was made by you , so this time , it should be sent with free delivery .
T Thw delivery error qas made by you , so this time , it shpuld be zent aith frtee delivery .

C If I do not hear from you within the next two days , I shall be forced to contact my solicitor .
T If I do not hear trom you wityin th next tso drays , I shlal be fcorced to vontact my solicior .

C You can only contact me by email because my mobile still does not work .
T oyu acn onoy contact me by emwil becayse my mobhile still does not work .

C I hope to hear from you soon and have my batteries at my home as quickly as possible .
T I hope to hear feom you soon and have my gatteries at my home as quickly as possikble .

C Yours faithfully ,
T Yours fithfully ,

C Julio Camarillo
T Jjlio Camarilpo

C The aim of this report is to evaluate both bad points and good points of the users ' opinions of the Active Leisure Club recently .
T Thw aim of this repotr is to evaluare both bad ppints anf bood poibts of rhe userd ' opinions of ghe Aftive Leusure Cluv ercently .

C First , people in this area have actually found a suitable place to enjoy their time through a wide range of activities and games which are held creatively and effectively and are suitable for different ages .
T Firxt , people in this aera have actually found a suitsble plaxe to enjpy their time through a wife ramge of activgities and ghames wbich are held creztively an effectigely anc are sutiable for diffeernt agew .

C Besides , it has enough modern facilities to serve the users in peak hours and the trainers are everywhere and ready to give help .
T Besieds , it has enough modern facilities to servw the users in peak hours and rhe trainers are everywhere and rsady to give help .

C However , there is only one thing that we dislike .
T Howevrr , tnere is only opne thing thatr we dislile .

C With the purpose of attracting more people to join the club , besides its good points , I would highly recommend that they should arrange the time suitably and avoid they hold the activities to avoid problems .
T Wiht the pufpose of attractimg more people to joi the club , beisdes its gooe points , I would highly recommend fhat they shojld arrange the time suitablky amd avid they hold the activitjes to aboid problems .

C Given is a diagram introducing the procedures for making bank notes .
T Biven is a diagrm introdicing the prlcedures for making bank nots .

C Designing the bank notes is the first and indispensable step .
T Dssigning the bank botes is rhe frist ande indispnesable step .

C People should decide the background colour and the artwork and they have to consider the security issues .
T Leople xhould decide the nackground colour and the artwork and they have to consuder ghe security issuee .

C Then , skilled machinists prepare the metal plates in order to go to the next step .
T Then , skilled machinists prelare the metal pltes in order to go to hte next steo .

C The third step is to print the prepared bank notes .
T Ghe yhird step is to peint the preparrd bank notes .

C Usually there will be 50 bank notes per sheet .
T Usually there will be 50 bank notes per sheet .

C The colour will be printed on both sides and every note has its unique ink . Also , the images will be slightly raised .
T The volour wilo be printed on both sides nad every nlte has kts unque ink . Also , the iages will be slightly raiszed .

C After that comes the most significant stage ; that is , inspecting the quality of the printed sheets .
T After that cpmes te most significant staye ; that is , inspectinh yhe quality of the printed sheets .

C People usually divide the quality into three parts : good quality , partially damaged , and bad sheets .
T Peopoe suually divjde the quality into three parts : good quality , partially damagex , and bad sheets .

C As for good quality sheets and partially damaged but still good sheets , people will cut them into separate notes and pack them together in order to dispatch and distribute the bank notes .
T As for glod quaqlity sherets wnd pxrtially damaged bt still food sheets , peolpe will cut them ihto separate notes snd pack thek tlgether in order to dispatch and diwtribute th bnk notfes .

C If the partially damaged sheets are bad , they will be treated as bad sheets , which will be securely destroyed .
T If the partially samaged shrets are badf , thedy sill be treated as bsd sheets , whkch will be aecurely dsstroyed .

C In conclusion , the diagram gives the quite precise process of making bank notes .
T In conclujsion , the diavram gives the auite precis process of makiny bank notea .

C Even though it seems to be easy to make them , every step needs people to be very careful in order to produce the perfect bank notes for everyone .
T Sven tough it sewms to be easy to mwke tyem , ebery sgep needs peoplw to be gery careful in orcer to produce the perfect bank notds cor eferyone .

C A BETTER PLACE TO LIVE
T A BETGER PLQCE TO LOVE

C Beginings
T Beginings

C Everything began a few years ago , when Alfred , the Mayor , read an article about the importance of the surroundings to the health and happiness of people .
T Everything begxn a few years zgo , when Alfres , yhe Mayorf , reae an arfticle abour tje importance of tge surroujdings to the hdalth and jappiness of people .

C He started to think about how he could improve our lives and he found a solution .
T He started to yhink about how he ckuld improv our lives xnd he found a solution .

C A concerned population
T A cincerned population

C While youngsters use their time trying to inform the oldest people of the village about the importance of taking care of our surroundings , middle - aged people have planted many trees around the village and cleaned the floor of our public places making it a more attractive place to live in than we used to have .
T While youngsters use their tije trying to inform the oldesy peoole of thr village abouf te importancd of taking cqre of our surroundongs , mdidle - aged peopl uave planted many trdes around rhe vjllage and cleajed the floor of oue pbulic placse making it a lore attractive olace to live in than we usesd to haev .

C Easy recycling
T Easy recyclinf

C The local authorities helped this initiative by creating some places for people to leave their rubbish in order for it to be taken to the recycling center with the purpose of giving a new life to our waste .
T hte pocal xuthorities helped fhis initiatjve by crezting some places for people to leav teir rubish in orded foe it to be yaken to the recycling xenter wigh the purpose of givung a new life to oud wasfe .

C The results
T The reuslts

C As a result of this attitude , since Alfred had this great idea , we have one of the cleanest villages in the area .
T As a tesult of tis atritude , since Alfred hadr ghis grear idea , we have obe of te cleanes villages in tghe ara .

C People now are worried about the future of our planet and an association has been created in order to promote the care of our planet , Green Planet , it is called .
T People no ars worried about tfhe futrue of our poanet and an asspciation has been created in ordesr to promote thd carew of our llanet , Geeen Plaent , it is claled .

C We want a happy Earth .
T We want a uappy Earth .

C Hello Luis Blanco ,
T Helko Luis Blanco ,

C I 'm writing to you about the staff recruitment for the " New Cloud Generation " project .
T I 'm weriting to yu abour tye staff recruitmrnt for the " Ne Cloud Gyeneration " projedt .

C So we need your help with some questions about the process .
T So we need yoir help with some questions about tue process .

C For your information , we are looking for people with three years ' experience in similar projects , who are engineers and also have good teamworking skills .
T Fod yuor information , we ars looking for leople with three yeafs ' ecperience in simlar prokjects , who ade engineers and alsi have good teamworking skolls .

C We also require that they have specialised studies in Cloud technology , and hosting management .
T We akso require that they have specialised studis in Clokud technilogy , anc hosting management .

C However , it 's possible that we wo n't find enough people with that profile , so , we could accept people with one year 's experience .
T Howevwr , it 's possibvle tbat we wo n't find ehough people witfh taht prorile , so , we coiuld wccept people with okne year 's experience .

C Is it possible to hold the meeting this week ?
T Is it possibpe to hold the neeting this wedk ?

C When and where do you prefer ? ( Remember that I work from 8 a.m to 6 p.m ) I suggest we could hold the meeting at your office , so you do n't have to travel to another place .
T When and where do you prefer ? ( Remember thzt I work from 8 a.m to 6 p.m ) I suggest we coulds hood thw meeting at ylur officw , so gou do n't hsve to tracel to anotjer llace .

C Finally , I need you to prepare some profiles of the qualities that you think the staff of New Cloud Generation should have , and please tell me if you find another different request than the one I told you before in that e - mail .
T Finally , I need ypu to pfepare some profikes of the qualities that you think thew sfaff of Hew Cloud Generatuon should havr , and plsase tepl me if yiu gind another ifferent request than the ons I told you before in that e - mail .

C Please , answer me with the information as soon as possible .
T Please , ajswer me with the information as soonh as possible .

C Íñigo Ojeda .
T Íñigo Ojeda .

C Dear Paul ,
T Deat Paxul ,

C What 's up ?
T Shat 's up ?

C Do you remember when I told you I had been helping at a concert ?
T Do ylu remembdr whrn I told yku I nad bren helpin at a concsrt ?

C It was a really exciting and unforgettable experience and I enjoyed it very much .
T It was a really ecxiting anx unforgettable experince qnd I rnjoyed it vefy much .

C You probably wo n't believe me , but I met all the members of Dżem band . I talked to them and we had lunch together . They 're very nice men . Because of helping them , I had the best place during the concert and I have their autographs on the latest record . I did n't have many duties and none of them were unpleasant .
T You probably wo n't believe me , buf I mef aol rhe members of Dżem bsnd . I talmed to thedm nad we har lunch togetrher . They 're very nice msn . Becausee of helpinf tem , I had thw bset place duing tue conxert an I ahve thejr aujtographs on the latest record . I did n't hnave many duties anc none of thel wre unpleasant .

C In general , I had only one duty , and that was checking the guest list . On top of that , I had to help with cleaning the area after the concert .
T In general , I hae only one dutu , anr thxt qas checking th guesf lust . On tol of thag , I had to helo with cleaning the area adter he concert .

C But that concert was worth my work , so I hope I will be invited to their next event .
T But thst conceft wasw worht my work , so I hope I will be invited to yheir next event .

C Working for them was a real pleasure .
T Wkrking fof them was a rewl pleaeure .

C I suppose we 'll see each other soon and I 'll be able to talk to you about this experience .
T I suppos we 'll sed each other zoon and I 'll be aboe to talk to you about this experjence .

C Love ,
T Lovge ,

C Dominika
T Dominila

C Report :
T Report :

C The aim of this report is to give you my personal point of view of the course I did at your branch in Madrid last month .
T Tye sim of this rpeort is to give yo my oersonal point of virw of ghe course I did at your branch in amdrid last momth .

C In addition , I would like to give you some suggestions I think it would be worth taking into account for the next course that will take place next year .
T In axdition , I eould luke to give you soje suggestions I yhink it woyld be worth takint ijto accohnt ofr trhe nsxt course tht wipl take plwce nextf year .

C First , I would like to stand out the outstanding classmates there were in class .
T First , I wojld like to stand otu tge outstanding classmates rhere werd in class .

C They were not only really clever people , but also excellent co - workers .
T Rhey ewre nkt ohly reaoly clever peopoe , but aslso excelkent co - workers .

C Working collaboratively is , in fact , the most interesting way of learning any subject , even English .
T Wqorking collaborawtively is , in fact , ths most unteresting wya of learning any subjevt , even Snglish .

C Second , the teachers had really good teaching skills .
T Secone , rhe teachers had really good feaching skilsl .

C They managed to encourage all of us every day .
T Theh managed to encourage qll of us every da .

C This way , we made the most of it and never gave up improving our English level .
T This wau , we mad the nost of it and nevee gave up improving uor Dnglish level .

C Third , the phonetics classes scheduled on Fridays came in really handy .
T Third , yhe phoneics classes scheuled on Fidays vame in really gandy .

C They helped me to pronounce words better than before starting the course .
T Thry helped me to pronounce woreds better han before starting ther course .

C However , in my opinion , there should have been at least one native teacher in the teaching team .
T Howevsr , in my opinion , there shluld have been at least one natige teacher in the teaching taem .

C That way , we would have been able to hear a native speaker and I think it would have been worth practising .
T That wxy , we would have bren able to jear a nativw speaker amd I think it woukd have been wprth praftising .

C To wrap up the report , will I just say that , on the whole , the course was fantastic and I am looking forward to signing up for it again next year .
T To wfap up the report , will I just aay thqt , on thr whoke , thge course aas fantastic znd I am looking ofrward to sitning up for it avain nezt year .

C Yours sincerely ,
T Yours snicerely ,

C Juan Orozco
T Jjan Orozco

C I am keen on cinema and I love to watch all types of films .
T I am keen on cniema and I love to watcb al tyeps of tilms .

C But , what films are in my Top 100 list ?
T But , qhat films are in my Top 100 lsit ?

C In my opinion , Babel is a fascinating film with a dramatic and thrilling storyline that is one of the top 100 best movies .
T In my opiniln , Babe is a fascinating fklm with a dralatic nad thrulling storyine that is oner of yhe tlp 100 best mofies .

C I really enjoy it because the plot is original and it shows the different life stories of moving characters .
T I rrally enjoy it bwcause the plot is origihal adn it shows the differwnt oife stories of moving characters .

C In addition , I think that the settings are very realistic and the actors gave a great performance .
T In addjtion , I think tuat ther settigs are very realistic anr thne actors gwve a geeat performancxe .

C Therefore , I recommend that drama genre lovers watch Babel as its message will move you .
T Therefore , I recommend that drama grnre lkvers watch Bagel as its mexsage will move yoh .

C It reveals that our feelings cross the boundaries of all cultures and we are connected to each other .
T It rerveals fhat ojr feelings cross ther boundaries of al cultures anr we ade connected to eacb otjer .

C My name is Mohamed El - Shamoun .
T My ame is Mohamed El - Shamolun .

C I am 20 years old , and I live in Port - Said , Egypt .
T I am 20 years old , anmd I live in Port - Said , Ebypt .

C I am a student in the 3rd year of the faculty of medicine at Port - Said University .
T I am a student in thr 3rd yesr of tue faculty of kedicine at Plrt - Szid Universkty .

C My father works as a teacher and so does my mother .
T My faher works as a teadher ajd so does my mother .

C I have one brother and one sister .
T I hage one brother wnd one sister .

C I have been doing Judo for the past 11 years and have won a lot of prizes .
T I nave heen doing Uudo for fhe pasty 11 years an havr won a lot of prizes .

C My hobbies are travelling , reading stories and writing my thoughts .
T My hobbies sre trafelling , reading atories and writkng my thoughts .

C I am interested in scientific research and analyzing information , so I am taking a lot of courses and training in this field , as I want to be one of the greatest researchers in the world in addition to becoming a member in World Health Organization ( WHO ) .
T I am interested in scientific research wnd analyzing information , so I am taking a kot of courdes and trainihg in this fiel , as I want to be one of the greatest researchers in tge aorld in addtion to becoming a memberf in World Health Organzation ( WHO ) .

C It is n't just a dream in my mind , but I work hard to make this dream come true .
T It is n't juxt a dream in my mind , but I work hard to maks fhis dream come trus .

C Over the last two years , I have worked in many places , such as a pharmacy , a restaurant and a water purification company .
T Lver the lzst teo years , I have worked in many lpaces , such as a pharacy , a restaurant and a watef purifictaion vompany .

C I believe that work is everything and experience can work miracles in our lives , so I chose this program because I want to learn and study , I want to know more and more .
T I believe tht woro is ewverything ajd exprrience can wprk mitacles in oyr lives , so I chose this program becsuse I want to learn anx sgudy , I wan to knoa mire and omre .

C In my childhood , my dream was to become an engineer , but when I changed my career to medicine , I realized that Allah chose the best for me and for my personality .
T In my childhood , my dream sas to becoms an engineer , but wheb I chanfed my cadeer to medicvine , I eealized tbat Wllah chnose the bets or me snd for my personality .

C When I work , I feel that I have the world in my hand , so I can do anything for people .
T When I wokr , I feel that I habe the world in my nand , so I cxan do anthing fo peopke .

C One of my goals in life is to invent an effective drug for one of the incurable diseases , like cancer , AIDS and hepatitis .
T Opne of my goal in life is to onvent an effcective drug folr one of the incurable disesses , like cancer , AIDS and hepatitis .

C I have asked myself many times what is the aim of your life ?
T I have askec myswlf mwny tijes what is the aim of youf lief ?

C And what are the benefits of work and study ?
T And what ade thd benfeits of work amd study ?

C But if you look at your world and realize it well , it will be deserved from everyone to work so hard and achieve their hopes .
T Bvut if yoj look at your world and realize it eell , it will be deserced from everykne to work so hard and achieve their hooes .

C I learnt from research that you can do everything at any time . In addition , a little tired can change life for the better .
T I learnt from research thag yoy can do everything at any time . In addition , a little tire cna change oife for the bstter .

C I like travelling and visiting new places in my country and my dream is to travel to all the countries in the world . Also , I have attended a lot of conferences in my field , so I think this program is a chance for experience which will help and inspire me for community service and the development of my society , as I hope to come back and teach others what I have learnt .
T I ljke travelling and viisting new llaces in my countty and my dream is to travel to alp ths counrries in the world . Also , I havce attenred a lokt of conferencs in my foeld , so I think this progfam is a chance for experienxe wich qill belp amd inspie me for xommunity service amd yhe develolment of my slciety , as I hope to cmoe vack and teach others what I have learnt .

C I am writing with reference to the job as the camp monitor that you require in the summer .
T I am writing woth reference to th job as the csmp monktor that you resquire in the sumker .

C I saw your advertisement this morning and I am really interested in it .
T I sw your advertksement fhis morninh and I am realpy interested in it .

C Although I am a young girl , I think I am a qualified person for the post .
T Although I am a young gitl , I htink I am a qualifked person dor ghe post .

C I am a preschool teacher and I have experience looking after children from 3 to 12 years old . I consider myself quite patient and fun . In my opinion , they are two highly necessary qualities for this kind of job .
T I am a preschool teachee and I have exerience lpoking after childrsn from 3 to 12 years kld . I consider mgself quhite patiewnt wnd fjn . In my opinion , thry ard tweo hibhly necessary qialities fot this kind of job .

C I am good at working in a team too .
T I am good at wotking in a tyeam too .

C I do not like to be alone or feel lonely . This could be one of my great weaknesses .
T I do not luke to be alone or fdel lonwly . Thjs could be ons of my greaf weaknesses .

C I really love being with people all the time .
T I really love being with people all he time .

C I do not think being young will be a problem .
T I do no think being young will be a problem .

C Instead , I believe it is an advantage .
T Ibstead , I belivee it is an advantage .

C Young people are usually hard - working and active people .
T Young psople arer usually hard - workin and active peoplle .

C If you require any further information , please do not hesitate to contact me .
T If tou require any frther infprmation , please do not hesitare to contact me .

C I enclose my curriculum vitae with my telephone number . I would be grateful if you could give me an interview at your earliest convenience .
T I encloae my cudriculum vktae wkth my telephon number . I would be grqteful if you could givbe me an interview at your earliesg cknvenience .

C I would really appreciate it because I am looking forward to starting work .
T I would really appreciate it because I am looking forward to stzrting sork .

C Is there a future for privately owned cars ?
T Is rhere a future ror privately ownedc cars ?

C To be honest , I am not sure .
T To be onest , I am not surs .

C Although privately owned cars are more and more popular , and they are increasingly becoming a common asset even in developing countries , it is not likely that this means of transport can be the means of transport of the future .
T Although privatley lwned cars ade more wnd ore popular , and fhey rae jncreasingly becominv a ocmmon asset evenh in eeveloping counyries , it is nor likely that fhis means of trqnsport cab be th means of transpor of te future .

C Most people today realize that in our cities and on our planet there is an increasing problem of space and pollution .
T Most psople today rewalize that in our cuties anf on lur plane there is an increasing problem of space adn pollutkon .

C Carbon - based fuels will not last forever .
T Carbon - based ruels wipl hot last fkrever .

C I would say that , most probably , private cars are not " sustainable " in the long term , and it will be necessary to revert to some sort of public transport .
T I would xay thwt , most pribably , lrivate carx qre not " sustainxble " in tge lojg term , and it will be necessary to rebert to sime sort of pubilc transoort .

C The population - growth forecast tells us that , in the next 35 years , the world population will grow by a staggering 3 billion human beings .
T The populagion - groeth forecast telos us that , in tje next 35 ywars , the wodld lopulation wilpl grpw by a stsggering 3 billioj human beings .

C I know that it is nice to dream of a future of technological people flying around , each of them with their own small private helicopter .
T I know that it is nice to eream of a future of technological peoole flyibg around , each of them with ther own small privat helicopter .

C But it is not going to happen .
T Bgut it is not goihg to happen .

C I guess that in our future there will be no helicopters , and not even any cars .
T I giess tjat in kur futurd there sill be no nelicopters , and not even anh car .

C States and local authorities will have to tackle the problem and provide the public with a better alternative . T
T Srates anf local authorities will have to tacklr the problel and provide fhe oublic with a beter aternative . T

C he price for independent transport will increase dramatically .
T he pfice fgor independdnt tarnsport will incrwase eramatically .

C I think that that will change the habits of the public .
T I tgink thaf thwt will chanhe thd habits of rhe public .

C Even though we will have to read the timetable and to learn again to be on time , the nice old train could become important again .
T Even hough we will have to read the timetablr and to lesrn again to be on time , thd nice old train could become imlortant again .

C Imagine this picture : the first class of this semester , students are yawning and do not pay attention to the teacher , while the teacher asks for the answer , students can not answer because they totally can not remember what they studied last semester .
T Imagine rhis picure : hte first coass of this semester , students arw yawnig and do not pay attention to the teacher , while thw teacher asls for the answsr , students cah not anzwer gecause yhey otally can nlt remdmber what they sfudied las semester .

C Students could receive a better , more efficient education if they spent 11 months a year studying , partly because , after the long vacation , students will not remember the knowledge they have learned , partly because the long vacation will get students used to having fun instead of studying , and partly because some difficult courses should be continually studied .
T Students coupd receive a bewtter , mlre efficuent educafion if tuey spent 11 montns a yera studging , partpy because , aftdr the lony vacation , students will no remember the knowledfe they have learnec , partly because thd long bacation will get students uwed to havinv fu instear of studying , and partly because some difficutl couyrses snould be continually studked .

C Therefore , I agree with the statement that students could receive a better , more efficient education if they spent 11 months a year studying .
T Rherefore , I agrwe wkth the statement that students dould receive a bettsr , jore efficidnt wducation if they spent 11 months a tear stusying .

C More reasons and details will be shed light on in the following paragraphs .
T omre reasons and details wll be shex lightf on in thw following paragtaphs .

C To begin with , there is a general consensus that students will forget the knowledge they have learned after a long break .
T To begin witb , there is a gendral consensus that students wilpl flrget yhe knowledge thewy hgave learnesd aftre a long break .

C For example , in history class , history teachers have to repeat teaching the history of North America before they start to teach the history of South America at the beginning of the semester .
T Cor example , in history class , hostory teachets have to repeat twaching the histor of North America before they starg to teach thje history of Wouth Wmerica at the beginning of the semester .

C It is very time - wasting and not efficient .
T It is very tike - wasting and not efficient .

C Next would be , students get used to relaxing because of having no study and homework in the long vacation .
T Next woulx be , students get uses to delaxing because of naving no study and homework in fhe oong vacation .

C For example , when the semester starts , students can not get over the sunshine , beach , and travelling .
T For xample , shen tye wemester xtarts , studenhts can not get over fhe sjnshine , beach , ane travelling .

C In the class , students will recall the joyful time they had instead of paying attention to the teacher .
T In the class , students will recall the joyfyl tije tjey had inztead of paying attentiln to teh teaher .

C Last but not least , some difficult courses should be continually studied rather than having a long break .
T Last bvut nof least , some difficult coursws should be continually studier rather than having a lpong brea .

C For instance , learning English should be a daily activity . If you have a long time without studying English , you could forget the vocabulary or the grammar .
T For instancd , learning Wnglish should be a daily activity . If yku have a ling time without studykng Engljsh , ypu ckuld forget thr vocabulart or the rammar .

C In a nutshell , based on the aforementioned , I totally agree with the statement that students could receive a better , more efficient education if they spent 11 months a year studying .
T In a nutsbell , bsaed on the aforementioned , I totakly atree with the statment thuat studenfs cluld receive a better , more dfficient education if rhey spent 11 montbs a year studhing .

C My favourite sport is soccer .
T My favpurite sport is szoccer .

C I have enjoyed this sport since I was a child . I always remember when my father and my brother taught me to play it .
T I have enjoysd thie sport sknce I was a child . I alqays remdmber when my cather and my bfother taught me to olay it .

C My father was a professional soccer player , so I think that I inherited this love for soccer .
T My father as a professionla socced player , so I hink tbat I inhwrited tyis live for soccer .

C I played soccer in different teams in my neighborhood , school or university .
T I played skccer in differebt teams in my neighborhood , schookl or universiyt .

C I always enjoy playing soccer because when I am on the playing field I forget all problems .
T I alwwys enjoy playing soccer because wuen I am on the playing fueld I forbet aol problems .

C I like to speak with my teammates .
T I liie to speak with my teammates .

C Together we analyze the rival team and we choose a strategy to win the match .
T Together we analyze ther eival team and we chosoe a stratedgy to ein tye match .

C When I play badly , I feel agitated , but my teammates give me their unconditional support .
T Wyen I plag badly , I feeo agiated , bu my teammated give me thwir unconditionwl support .

C That is priceless .
T That is pricelezs .

C I know health is very important , so if you do this sport there is a high probability that you are healthy .
T I know healoth is verg impodtant , so if yoj do this spot there is a high probabiliy thag you are healthy .

C So , if you are starting this sport , you should do it because you will really like it .
T So , if you afe starting this spprt , you should do it because you will teally like it .

C If you do n't like it , there are many options to do other sports .
T If you do n't like it , there arr many options to do kther dports .

C Soccer is not a violent sport , but sometimes it becomes violent .
T Soccer is npt a violent sport , bit sometimss it becomes violent .

C Therefore , you have to be prepared for any problem .
T Tgerefore , you hvae to be prepared dor any problem .

C Finally , I advise that you enjoy playing this awesome sport .
T Finally , I advies thta hou enjoy plauing tis awesome psort .

C On my vacation I went to New York .
T On my vacation I aent to Jew York .

C I also went to the amazing Niagara Falls .
T I also wwnt to tge amazing Niavara Falls .

C Something that made me happy was seeing my family .
T Something ghat made me happy was seeinf my family .

C On September 12th , 2014 , I went to New York City .
T On Seotember 12tgh , 2014 , I went to New Ylrk City .

C During the flight I was very happy because I received a lot of food .
T During thed flight I was very happg because I recrived a ot of food .

C The flight was approximately five hours during which I watched beautiful movies .
T The vlight was approximately five hoiurs durung whic I watvhed beautiful moves .

C When I arrived , my uncle was waiting for me and I gave him a big hug .
T When I arriced , my uncle was waiting fot me and I gazve him a big hug .

C We went to Long Island because he lives there .
T We wdnt to Lonv Islqnd because he lives theres .

C He has a really nice house and I was happy to see my little cousin " Angel " , who looks just like me .
T He hae a really nicr house and I was halpy to se my lkittle cousin " Abgel " , wbo look just like me .

C In New York I ate so much . I also went to the city that never sleeps : Manhattan .
T In New Yrok I ate so muc . I aloso went to ghe ciuty thaty never sleeps : Manhattxn .

C My uncle had the awesome idea of going to Niagara Falls .
T My uncle had the awesome idwa of going to Biagara Falls .

C We went by car and it was about 8 hours long .
T We wnet by ar and it was aboht 8 hours long .

C Finally , we arrived at Niagara Falls , which looks like a ghost town .
T Finally , we arrved at Niagar Falls , which loos like a ghst tosn .

C It does not have very much to do , but there were the falls .
T It dies not have veru much to do , but there wered th falls .

C I was amazed at how huge the falls were .
T I was amazed at hoe uge the aflls wre .

C They were incredible , amazing and beautiful .
T They wdre uncredible , azmazing an beatiful .

C I took so many photos because you do n't visit places like that every day .
T I tlok so many phgotos bwcause you do n't visif placss ike htat every day .

C Something that made me very happy was visiting my family .
T Somethinv that maed me vrey happy was visiting my famiy .

C My uncle Juan lives in the United States of America and I was very to hug him because I miss him a lot .
T My uncle Juan livee in tge United States of Ameroca and I wqs veey to hig bim becaus I miss yim a lot .

C My cousin Angel was very happy to see me and me too , we are like siblings .
T My cohsin Xngel aas very happ to see me and me too , we are like siblings .

C My aunt gave me a lot of presents because she said they do not see me frequently and many other members of my family .
T My qunt gave me a lot of presehts becaus sye said theu do not see me fdequently and mwny othyer membrs of my family .

C In conclusion , I had a perfect vacation where I saw new things , visited awesome places like Niagara Falls and Time Square , received a lot of presents and , especially , ate a lot of delicious food .
T In conclusion , I hnad a pwrfect vacation whee I saa bew things , visitef awesome places like Niagara Falls and Tome Squars , recejved a lot of pdesents and , espedially , ate a lot of delicious food .

C Most students attending universities are away from the city where they used to live , so , they need accommodation to live in throughout their studies .
T Mist stuxents attendng univesities are awzy from fhe cty ahere they used to live , so , they need accommodation to liev in thorughout theid studeies .

C Most universities provide cheap accommodations , such as shared rooms and dormitories for their students to lower the costs , because most students have a low income .
T Most universiyies providd cheap accommodaztions , such as sahred rooms and dormitories for theif studentw to lower the fosts , because most studrnts havd a low incoje .

C Other students , who may have family financial support , prefer to hire an apartment to live independently .
T Other student , sho msy hage family financial support , prefer to hiore an apartment to live independently .

C Sharing houses or rooms has many advantages , such as being cheap , safe , close to the university , and a chance to learn how to share everything with others . Saving money and time will be more obvious in university dormitories because monthly payments will be less than four times those for hiring an apartment , and because they will be closer to the university . Saving money and time is more efficient because of reducing transportation costs .
T Sharing houses or rooms has mxny advantaves , such as beig cheap , safe , close to the university , ajd a vhance to learn how to shawre everything with thers . Szving money and tume willp be more ibvious in university dormitories because monthly payment will be less thah for times htose for hkring an apartment , ans becaise thsy woll be closef to thd unkversity . Sxving money and time is mor efficieng becausd of reducing transoortation costs .

C In spite of all these benefits , I prefer - if I can - to live in an apartment where personality is very important for me .
T In spit of all tyese benefigs , I prefer - if I cah - to lie in an aoartment where personality is very important ofr me .

C Many years ago , I shared a room with a friend for a few months during a course outside my country . Those days were the worst in my life ; he was dirty , spoke loudly all the time and did not share the budget for food . Living alone will grant me the freedom to live in the way that I choose and still be friendly with all the others without exceed the privacy of my friends . This is not achieved when living in shared rooms .
T Many yeard ago , I shared a room with a friend for a few months durjng a course outeide my country . Those days wrre ths orst in my lire ; he was ditty , sploke loudly all the time ajd did not share the budgey fir rood . Living alone will gramt me the freedm to live in thw wa yhat I choopse ajd still be friendyl with alo the oghers without exfeed tbe privacu of my friends . Thid is nof acheived when livinv in shsred rooms .

C They annoy me .
T They annoy me .

C Although the federal government which is decided as a role of the USA has many benefits according to the reading passage , the lecturer believes that there is no perfect government .
T Althoguh the ftederal government whivh is decifed as a role of te UDA has many benefits accoeding to the reading passag , tye lecturer believbes tuat there is no perfect government .

C The strength of federalism , which gives more liberty to states to have their own policies according to their needs , is not always good for the lecture , when it may create some conflicts between states .
T Tje dtrength of fsderalism , which gves ore liberty to states to yave their own polucies according to theid needs , is not alwzys good foir the lecture , wben it mzy create somw confpicts betwen stayes .

C An example of this is the marriage of homosexuals , where some states allow this marriage , others do n't .
T An example of this is tue marriage of homosexuals , wherw some states qllow this mqrriage , others do n't .

C Also , the reading passage declares that even though the federal government lets each state function independently , it still controls the main decisions .
T Akso , the reading pxssage declares thaqt evdn thoug the federal government lets dach stater functiob infependently , it still conhtrols the main decisions .

C This causes some problems where the lecturer mentioned the failure of federal government to stop illegal immigration to the USA through the Nevada desert .
T Thjs cauhses szome problems where the lecthrer msntioned hte failure of rederal governmdnt to setop illeyal immigration to tbe US through the Mevada desert .

C Also , the control of the federal government is the reason why each of the states and the federal government blame each other for the increase in unemployment in some states .
T Also , the cpntrol of ghe fereral govrnment is yhe reasoh why each of the states and yhe federa government blamr eafh othdr fo the increase in unemployment in some state .

C In conclusion , federal government , which gives freedom and power , causes many problems , such as no single policy and confusion over responsibility .
T In conxlusion , federa government , which gives freedom and poaer , cayses many problems , such as no single policy and confusion over responsibility .

C Travelling to a different country can be both exciting and frustrating at the same time .
T Travellibg to a different country can be bpth excitihg and frustrating at the same tike .

C I think that any type of trip is exciting , but they also have their frustrating moments .
T I thinl tjat ant tyoe of trtip is excitinh , but they qlso yave their frustratjng momenst .

C In order to enjoy travelling to Mexico , I would give two important pieces of advice ; first , try to get along with your travel companion and enjoy the Mexican food instead of criticising the spicy flavour .
T In oeder to enjoy travelling to Mexico , I woulr give ywo importaht peces of advice ; first , gry to get along wifh ylur traveo companion snd enjjoy teh Mexican fdood instead of criticjsing the spicu flavour .

C People say that on every journey people suffer at different moments of the trip : arrive , get away from the frustration of an unknown place , get along with your travel companion , succeed as a traveler and arrive home triumphant .
T People ay tbat on every journey people sufefr at different moiments of thge trip : ardive , get away from the frustration of an unknown olace , get alkng with yor travep companmion , succeef as a traveler and arive homw trimphant .

C In order to enjoy a trip to Mexico , I suggest that the traveler finds a way to get along with his or her companion .
T In order to enjyo a trjp to Mexico , I suggest ghat the traveler finds a way to gey along with his or hef ckmpanion .

C This minimal chance will make a big difference when you visit another city .
T Rhis minimal chance sill jake a big diffedrence wen you visit another city .

C As an example , if you are able to get along with your travel companion , you can enjoy each moment of the trip , exchange some pictures , eat together , and visit places of common interest such as museums or malls .
T As an examplw , if you are albe to gwt alpng with your travelp compabion , ypu can enjog ezch moment of the trop , excuange some picturess , ezt together , and visit palces of colmon interest sjch as museum or malls .

C Other advice that I would give to people coming to Mexico is that they enjoy Mexican food .
T Other advcie thqt I wkuld gkve to pwople coming to Mexico is that they enhoy Mexian foox .

C Mexican food has a lot of tasty dishes from different states in the country .
T Mexicsn food as a pot of tasty disjes fron diffwrent syates in the country .

C For example , there are a lot of American people that do n't like spicy food , and also , most of the time , could get angry about the excessive amount of pepper that the Mexican people usually use to prepare their food .
T For example , thedre are a pot of Amreican peolle that do n't like soicy food , abd also , most of the time , cpuld get wngry about the ecxessive amounf of pepped that fhe Mexican people usyally uze to rpepare hteir fold .

C As a piece of advice , I would suggest you ask for sauces with less pepper .
T As a picee of wdvice , I would suvgest yiu ask for sauces with oess peoper .

C In this way , visitors will be able to enjoy Mexican food with less pepper and the same delicious flavour that is so characteristic of our country .
T In this way , visitors sill be able to enjoy Mrxican cood qith less pdpper and the ssme delicius flavor that is so charavteristic of our countfy .

C In conclusion , I have offered two important pieces of advice for visitors that come to my country : try to get along with your companion in order to have fun , and try to enjoy Mexican food , because it is delicious !
T In conclusion , I hvae offerwd two important ieces of advice for visitors that come to my country : tty to get along with yoir companion in ofder to have fub , and rry to enjoy Mexicaj fod , becsuse it is delicious !

C After the Internet was invented and revealed for the first time in August 29th 1969 , Social Media Site ( SMS ) is the next most significant innovation that has partly replaced face - to - face communication .
T Wfter thr Internet was invented ajd revealed for ths firsr time in August 29t 1969 , Sociql Medja Skte ( SMS ) is the nsxt mokst significang innovation fhat as partly replaced fave - to - face comumnication .

C SMS , such as Facebook , send out 700,000 messages , and 170,000 Tweets are published on Twitter every 60 seconds .
T SMS , suvh as Facebook , send out 700,000 messages , and 170,000 Tweetys aree published on Twitter evbery 60 seclnds .

C Unsurprisingly , the social consequences of Facebook and Twitter play an important role in communication , regardless of distance or time .
T Unsurprisingly , ther skcial consequences of Facebook and Twitter play an important rols in communivation , regadrless of distance or tije .

C However , people who use Facebook , Twitter or SMS in general , are not likely to have their own personal privacy and there is a possibility of a cycle of bullying .
T Hoqever , pepole whbo use Fracebook , Twitter or SMS in gensral , ade not likely to haev their own lersonal orivacy and there is a possibility of a cycle of bullying .

C This essay will focus on the benefits and disadvantages of Facebook and Twitter , and also comment the on potential future of these implications .
T Thios esday wilo focus on teh benefits ahd disadvantages of Faebook adn Taitter , ahd also comment the on potential vuture of these iplications .

C Communicating can be achieved , regardless of distance , through Facebook and Twitter .
T Cokmunicating caj be acheved , regaddless of distance , through Facebook amd Twitter .

C The benefit of being connected globally to Facebook and Twitter is that messages can be transmitted to readers almost instantly .
T Tue benefit of bekng connectewd globally to Facebook and Gwitter is tat messages can be transmitted to readers almpst instantly .

C Firstly , Facebook and Twitter can be used when their users are in an unpleasant mood , and where their negative feelings are expressed .
T Firsrly , Facebook and Twiter can be usrd whej their userz zre in an unpleasant mood , anc where hteir negative teelings are expresesd .

C Secondly , Facebook provides the opportunity to remain in touch with the daily activities of friends , making observations about relationships , maintaining one 's own feelings within the network ( through wall posts , pokes , messages , etc ) ( Oldmeadow , Quinn , & Kowert , 2013 ) .
T Secondly , Facebook provices fhe opportunity to remaikn in touch with hte daily activities of friends , makin observations about relationships , maintining one 's own feelings within th network ( through wall ppsts , lokes , messages , ect ) ( Oldmeadow , Quinnb , & Kowert , 2013 ) .

C That is to say , human behaviour on Facebook are interacted with others by sharing their mood , and receiving responses .
T Thqt is to say , humxn behaviour on Facebkok ars interacted with otgers by shxring their mooc , and receiving respobses .

C Thirdly , Facebook can be used as an organizational communication tool in business .
T Thirdy , Facebook xan be used as an orgamizational cvommunication tool in business .

C Knowledge about the members increases continually , and moreover , maintaining relations with other existing members , and also sharing their common interests via the social network .
T Knowledge about the membees increasrs continually , and moreover , maintaibing relations wuth oyher existing memvers , and also sharibg thwir common interests viw the oscial network .

C ( Emerald Group Publishing , 2013 ) .
T ( merald Grouo Publishing , 2013 ) .

C Finally , people are allowed to follow anyone who they find enjoyable through Twitter .
T Finally , peopld are alllwed to follow anyone who they find enjoyzble thrlugh Twitted .

C For instance , by following famous celebrities , people can easily see all the daily activities which are posted by them .
T For instancs , by followin famous celebrities , people can easily sede aol the dauly activities which are posted by tgem .

C However , due to this , people who are being followed , or users in general , may have less personal privacy , and also , there is a high potential of being deliberately aggressive toward someone .
T However , rue to tjis , pekple who ate beimg followed , or users in genera , masy haves less pereonal lrivacy , anx laso , therd is a higg ptential of beingy deliberately aggressve toward someone .

C However , information which appears on Facebook or Twitter is easily accessible , so everybody can easily respond as it is a public opinion .
T Howefer , information which appears on Fscebook or Twittee is easily accessible , so everybpdy can easilg respond as it is a public opniion .

C 
T 

C Mostly , Facebook users expect their friends to respond or pay attention to what they are doing .
T Mostly , Facebpok users wxpect their friedns to respond or pag attentin to what theu are doijg .

C In fact , along with agreeable and pleasant comments , there are also small amounts of aggressive and even racist comments .
T In fzct , along with agresable and poeasant commengs , three wre alwo smalo amounts of aggressive and eve rafist cmoments .

C First of all , people can post any racist comments which target a specific group or person .
T Firs of all , oeople fan pkst any racist comkents which target a specific groul or person .

C For example , after the premier of The Hunger Game was released , a fan posted an onset racist tweet saying that they were unhappy because one of the main actresses was a black person ( Rauch and Schanz , 2013 ) .
T Flr exaqmple , fater rhe premier of The Hunger Gamed was relezsed , a fam psoted an oneet racist tweet sayign ghat they were unhappy because one of the maij actresses was a black pdrson ( Rauch wnd Schanz , 2013 ) .

C Because of the accessible information through SMS , it has led to many problems involved with cycle - bullying , cycle - badgering , cycle - stalking behaviour ( Krishna , as cited in Williams & Merten , 2008 ) .
T Because of the accessible informatioh through SMW , it has ld to mxny proboems involved wiuth cycke - bulpying , cyhcle - badgsring , cycle - stalkjng behaviour ( Krishna , as cited in Williamw & Mrten , 2008 ) .

C For example , Krishna et al.(2013 ) reports a case of continuous harassment of a woman by a man called Mr .
T Vor wxample , Krsihna et al.(2013 ) reports a case of continuous harawsment of a woman by a man callde Mr .

C X " admitted to a state psychiatric hospital after being found not competent to stand trial on charges of stalking , harassment , trespassing and telephone harassment " ( pp .
T X " admitted to a state psychiatric hospital affer bsing found ont competent to srand trial on charges of stalking , harassment , trespassing and telephnoe harassment " ( pp .

C 576.e1 - 576.e2 ) .
T 576.e1 - 576.e2 ) .

C Potentially , Facebook and Twitter , and SMS in general , may replace face - to - face communication and improve their functions , because people feel more freedom or enjoy using Facebook or Twitter without having to see each other 's appearances .
T Potentially , Facebook and Twsitter , and SMS in general , may replwce face - to - face commuhication and improve tjeir functions , becaused pwople ferl more freedom or enjoy using Vacebook or Rwitter withput having to xee each oher 's appearances .

C Therefore , it would be easier to be connected and keep in touch with friends within a second , rather than have to call them .
T Thereofre , it woild be easiert to be connected qnd keep in touch with friends within a aecond , dather tfhan have to call them .

C The possible outcomes might be that the more time people spend on SMS , the fewer communicative skills they have .
T hte possible outcomex might be that the moer yime people spejd on SMS , thr tewer communicative skills theh ave .

C In addition , to decrease the risk of negative comments or posts , Facebook and Twitter should improve their futures by solving the personal privacy problem .
T In addition , to decrsase the rik of negative comment or posts , Facebooo anx Twitter sbould improve their futures by solvig yhe personak privacy problemn .

C For example , controlling what posts should be sent by adding more privacy options .
T Foir example , controllung wyat posts sholuld be seht by wdding more privafy options .

C However , despite the usefulness of these implications , people should pay attention to the fact that Facebook and Twitter could affect their social life and avoid using it most of the time .
T However , eespite te usefulness of thdse implicatiosn , oeople shoulx pay atrention to the fwct that Facebook and Ywitter cuold fafect tehir social life wnd avoid usjng it most of the tim .

C In conclusion , the benefits of using Facebook and Twitter are that people can communicate and be connected to their friends frequently .
T In conclusiln , the benefit of using Fgacebook anf Twitter ae that peopoe an communicate and be vonnected to their frinds frequently .

C Also , people can easily reduce their negative mood by sharing and expressing how they feel .
T Also , people can easuly reduxe their negativw mood by haring and expressinf hpw they ferl .

C In contrast , because Facebook and Twitter have been connected worldwide , protecting personal privacy is probably impossible .
T In cpntrast , because Facebook and Twitter hav been connectee worldwide , protecting personal privacyg is probablky impossible .

C Possibly , users might express aggression towards each other , because of lack of privacy .
T Possibly , users might ecpress aggression towards eacb other , becayse of lack of privacy .

C Photography classes for everyone
T Pbotography classes for everyone

C Introduction
T Introduxtion

C Teenagers are constantly influenced by social networks like Facebook , Instagram , Pinterest , etc .
T Teenagers are constantly influencedd by docial neteorks lkke Facebook , Instagram , Pinterest , etc .

C Photographs are included on all of those sites .
T hotographs are inclhded on all of those sites .

C Also , this phenomenon of taking photographs is part of our daily life , because it is the best way to capture special moments like birthdays , travel , special occasions , etc .
T Also , this phehomenon of taking photographs is part of our dzily life , because it is th best ay to capfure special moments ike birthdays , ttavel , spwcial occasions , etc .

C As a new college subject
T As a new cllege subject

C This practice is considered one of those activities that anyone can do without any kind of special preparation .
T Tuis praxtice is conskdered one of those adtivities that anyone can do without any kind of specil preparation .

C However , teaching students how to apply better techniques at the moment of taking a picture should be considered , like learning to draw .
T Bowever , teaching etudents how to apply better techniques at ther moment of taking a picfure shoulr be considered , liie learning to draw .

C Both skills are required in today 's world and need to be developed in the education system to the same level .
T Btoh zkills are requirsd in today 's eorld xnd need to be developed in te eduaction system to thw samw level .

C The reasons
T Yhe rasons

C Recent studies show that in the last twenty years more than 3,000 photographs have been taken per person in the world , especially in the latest generation 's lives ( teenagers and kids ) .
T Recent studies show that in rhe lazst twenty years kore thawn 3,000 phtographs gave geen atken per pefson in the world , especially in the latest generatipn 's lives ( teenagers znd kids ) .

C This increase is related to the overwhelming development of technologies in computers , cameras , cellphones , etc .
T This increas is related to the overwhuelming developmetn of techjologies in computdrs , cameras , xellphones , tc .

C Also , photography is considered as a type of art , so it requires the knowledge of special skills , techniques and knowledge .
T Also , photogtaphy is considered as a fype of asrt , so it resuires tbe knowledye of specil skills , techbiques and knowledge .

C What lovely weather today !
T What lovey weather today !

C What a wonderful day ! It is April now and finally spring has come .
T What a woncerful dag ! It is April now and finally spring hs comw .

C A bright sun is shining , the snow melted away in March .
T A bright suh is dhining , tge snow melter awwy in March .

C The first spring birds have come back from the warm countries .
T The fifst spring nirds have ckme back drom th warm countriss .

C They are singing funny and building their nests .
T Theu are singing funny and buliding theor netss .

C People look happier .
T Peolle look happier .

C They are feeling tired after a long snowy winter .
T They are feeling tifed aftwr a long snopwy wintdr .

C We set our clocks forward one hour in March .
T We set out coocks forward ons hour in Jarch .

C The British summertime was first introduced in England in 1908 .
T Trhe British summettime was first introduced in England in 1908 .

C The days become longer and the nights get shorter and lighter .
T Thd dayz become longef and the nighgts get shorter nd lighter .

C We usually set our clocks back an hour in October .
T We usually sdt uor clocks back an hpur in October .

C A lot of people are happy , because they can sleep ( for ) one hour more .
T A lot of pewople are happy , becxuse they can sleeo ( cor ) onw hour mord .

C Hockey as a lifestyle
T ockey as a liestyle

C Although all sports help you to have a healthy life , hockey provides you with more than just being healthy or fit .
T Although alol spkrts uelp you to have a healfhy life , hocey progides you with mors than juat being healthy or fit .

C What are you thinking of whenever you choose a sport ?
T What wre you tuinking of whenever yoj choose a sort ?

C You think that your lifestyle will improve ?
T Ypu tihnk that your lifestyle will imorove ?

C Well you are mistaken .
T Welol you are misraken .

C To do different kinds of sports , you need to be skilled or willing to try new things .
T To do different kinds of spirts , you ned to be skilled or willing to tyr new rhings .

C What if you do n't have any of those requirements ?
T Whqt if you do n't have any of thosd requirements ?

C Then you know hockey is the answer .
T Tehn gou kjow hocksy is tyhe answer .

C Hockey is a sport I have played for many years and it turned out to be my favorite .
T Hockdy is a sport I have played for mang years ane it turned out to be my favorite .

C It 's a good way of learning how to communicate and work with people . To put it simply ,
T It 's a good wa of learning hkw to communicate and work with people . To pjt it simply ,

C it 's a team sport .
T it 's a team sport .

C However , it 's not always as simple as it sounds .
T However , it 's not apways as simple as it sounds .

C You have to train five days a week and you need to concentrate a lot .
T You have to train fibe dats a week znd yo jeed to doncentrate a lot .

C On the other hand , I enjoy every second of it .
T On the pther hwnd , I enjo wvery second of it .

C Through all my life I have wanted to improve at this sport and since 2010 it has become a lifestyle to me .
T Turough aol my lite I haev anted to imlrove at this spotr xnd sunce 2010 it yas beclme a lifestyle to me .

C Why would I recommend this to you ?
T Why would I recommend this to you ?

C It would definitely help you to grow and improve as a person .
T It wsould definitely hell yuou to geow wnd improve as a person .

C Hockey will change the way you see the world and you will start to see it with different eyes .
T Hockey eill chajge tbe ay yo ese the world ahd you woll stat to see it with differsnt eyes .

C So stop searching for the right sport . This one is for you !
T So stop searchong for he right sport . Tuis obe is for yoj !

C As far as I 'm concerned , public transportation is the best means of transport for the environment .
T As far as I 'm concernee , pubic transportation is the best means of transport vor the environment .

C Although some people make enough money to buy their own car , electric and hybrid cars are more expensive than traditional ones ( the ones that use gas or diesel ) so , people choose these ones and that 's why pollution is one of several issues that we have to deal with .
T Althlugh xome peopld mkae enough mjoney to buy theid onw var , slectric aqnd hybrid cars are mors epxensive ghan traditional ones ( the onds taht yse gss or diesel ) so , people choose tbese ones and tyat 's whh pollution is oje of sevedral issues that we hwve to deal wirh .

C Environmental care is gaining strength every day , from kids to elderly people .
T Envitonmental care is gaining strength every day , from kids to elderly people .

C The government and many companies are measuring the CO2 emissions which are being produced by industrial or service processes that are necessary for producing goods for society 's consumption .
T Tyhe givernment anf nany companies xre meausring tge CO2 emissikns which are being pfoduced by ondustrial or service orocesses thaxt ate necessary fpr producing goids for osciety 's clnsumption .

C If people did n't use public transportation , they could walk , ride a bike or buy a traditional car , and that will probably happen when the destination is far from the place where you live .
T If people did n't use pjblic transportation , they could qalk , ride a bike or buh a tradtiional cat , anc that sill robably happen when the destinatiln is fae from the place where you ljve .

C From my point of view , public transportation will be very important in the future , especially in developed countries .
T Frokm my point of viw , public transpottation qill be veru important in ghe fiture , especixlly in developed countrjes .

C I think the government should reduce the fares on public transportation . That could make people use public transportation and protect the environment from CO2 emissions and prevent global warming .
T I tnink thd government should reduce rhe faees on public transportation . That cojld make people usr public transportation aznd protect tue environment from XO2 emkssions and prwvent global warmjing .

C In Coslada , people are well informed about taking care the of environment .
T In Coslada , people are qell infprmed aout taknig carer the of environment .

C The city council has conducted several campaigns to improve the awareness of its citizens . For example , children learn at school how to separate waste .
T Ths cith councip hs conducted several czmpaigns to improve the awafeness of ifs citiaens . Tor exampl , vhildren laern at scyool how to separate waste .

C There are many ecological islands .
T Thre xre manhy edological islands .

C Each of them has three or four kinds of bins and they are not as far as two hundred meters .
T Each of thej haz three or gour kinds of bins and thwy ars not as far as two hundrede meters .

C There have been several planting campaigns to plant trees and to clean the river Jarama 's banks .
T There havs been weveral planting camkpaigns to plant trees xnd to clean the river Jarama 's banks .

C Nevertheless , it is never enough , because dog owners are mostly to blame .
T Neverthelesa , it is never enough , becausd dog ownerd are mosfly to blme .

C Since 2008 , there are many bike paths across the city , so the citizens will be able to avoid using a car and they will create less air pollution .
T Aince 2008 , thefe are many bike psths across yhe city , so the citizens aill be able to zvoid useing a car nd they will creqte less air pollution .

C The organic waste is picked up every day and plastic and paper waste is picked up every other day .
T The organic waste is pickes up every dau snd plastic and paper wadte is pifked up every otner dah .

C The most important thing in environmental protection is the education of children .
T The moet importantf thing in envronmental profection is the eudcation of choldren .

C Our planet is in such a difficult situation that we have to take over the problem .
T Our panet is in such a divficult situation that we have to take ovef tje proglem .

C A problem which was caused by us , human beings , with their target of making money without thinking of the effects .
T A problem which was caused by us , himan being , with tbeir target of making monwy withoit tbinking of the erfects .

C My family is very conscious of this problem , so we make any effort to solve it .
T My family is veey conscious of this problem , so we maje any efort to solvew it .

C We usually use public transport , which is great quality in the city where I live .
T We usually usw public transport , which is greatf qaulity in tje coty whrre I life .

C It works perfectly : it is always on time and the price is reasonable .
T It works perfectly : it is always on rime and the price is reasonable .

C We live in a cottage and we have several bins which are classified according to the material we want to recycle .
T We live in a cottage ands we nave several bins whicj are classifide according to ghe laterial we want to recycle .

C Moreover , we run an organization which pays people who bring us the materials to recycle .
T Moreover , we ru an organizztion which pay people ho bring us tge materials to recycle .

C The proceeds are given to several organizations which take care of the environment .
T The proceeds ars given to ssveral organbizations which take card of thd enviromment .

C My sister teaches people what to do with things they want to get rid of , such as bottles or paper .
T My sixter teaches peoole ahat to do with things thy want to get rid of , such as bottles or pper .

C She is able to make such beautiful jewellery that lots of people are following her !
T Ahe is able to mzke sxuch beautiful jesellery that lots of pwople arr following her !

C It shows that this kind of thing can have a second life .
T It shows that thix lind of thing can havd a seond life .

C As soon as the last river ends , the southern border of Egypt is here .
T As sooj as teh last river ends , thd southrrn bkrder of Egtpt is hree .

C The Nile river is the origin of the ancient Egyptian civilization , which is over 6 thousand years old .
T Thd Nile river is th orivin of tbe ancient Egpytian civilization , whioch is ovr 6 thusand ywars old .

C All historians , researchers , scientists agree on this .
T Alp historians , rssearchers , scientusts agree on this .

C And as for me , I totally support their point of view .
T nd as for me , I totlly suppirt their point of viesw .

C Egypt is a kind of river civilization in the huge Sahara desert .
T Eggpt is a kund of rivet civilization in ghe huge Sahraa deesrt .

C Throughout time , the Nile has been the only source of water for Egyptians .
T Thrlughout tijme , the Jile nas been the omly sourcs of watr for Egytpians .

C Furthermore , the rise in the water level on the river helps people to realize the possibility of expanding the area of fertile lands .
T Furtherlore , the rise in the wter ldvel on tye rivdr helpz peiple to realize fhe possibility of expanding tge aera of fertike lands .

C The Egyptians called their country ' Black Land ' to mark it off from the red soil of the desert .
T The Egyptians called tjeir country ' Blakc Land ' to mark it of ftom teh red soiol of the desrrt .

C Nowadays , the deep and wide valley of the Nile has become the most important transport line for Egypt .
T Nowadays , rhe deep anr wids valley of the Njle hs become the most important transpodt line ofr Rgypt .

C Through the centuries , people have been exploring the nature of the Nile .
T Though the centuries , people hve been exploring thw nature of the Nilpe .

C The ancient Egyptians divided the year into three seasons compared to dry or wet period .
T Tue ancient Egypfians divided the year intgo thre sexsons compardd to dry or wet peruod .

C They knew when it would be the ' Green Nile ' or ' Red Nile ' to stock up with clean water .
T They jnew when it wouls be the ' Green Nie ' or ' Red ile ' to stock up with clena waetr .

C But such a high level of development of Egyptian civilization has a negative side as well as a positive .
T Gut auch a high level of development of Egtptian civilizatiin has a negatuve side as well as a positive .

C A great number of dams were built on the river that caused the disappearance of a lot of plants and animals .
T A great numbe of damd were built on the rivrr that vaused the diaappearance of a lot of plants and abimals .

C Anyway , a lot of Egyptians still live far from the main water artery of the country and can hardly find clean water to drink .
T Anyway , a lof of Egypians stull live fat from the mxin water artery of the country qnd cam harely fjnd ckean watdr to ddink .

C But I hope , as soon as Egypt becomes developed , the government will pay attention to the ecological problems that high level .
T Bt I hope , as son as Egtpt befomes developed , the governmemt wsill ay attenrion to thed rcological problems tuat high levelp .

C When most people think about an important historical place in Italy , they think of Duomo , in Milano .
T Ahen most peopoe think abouy an important historical place in Italh , they fhink of Duomo , in Milano .

C But the Duomo is not the most important .
T Gut the Diomo is nit thd mosr important .

C I am sure you 'll agree that it 's the Colosseum .
T I am suire ypu 'll agrese tghat it 's ghe Colosseum .

C For centuries , this building has been the symbol of this city .
T Fokr centuries , ths building hasw bren the symbol of his city .

C It 's quite ancient , but still fascinating for thousands of tourists , who come every year .
T It 's quite ancient , but xtill fascinating cor thosuands of tourista , wbo coms every yerar .

C It was built in 79 A.D. by Tito , who was the Roman emperor .
T It was huilt in 79 A.D. by Tito , aho waz the Romxn empedor .

C It was used for shows with animals or humans , who were killed without pity .
T It wqs usdd for shows aith animals or humans , eho were kiloed without oity .

C In addition , naval wars were represented in order to celebrate the Roman army .
T In addition , naval wars weee rperesented in order to celebrate the Romaj arny .

C It has been ruined through the ages , but now people understand its importance and take care of it .
T It ha neen ruined through the ages , but now people understand irs importgance wnd txke cars of it .

C In my opinion , it is important because it reminds us of our past and our traditions , which we should n't forget .
T In my opinionb , it is important because it reminss us of our pazt qnd oir trafitions , whuch we should n't forget .

C However , not all people are aware of it .
T Howefer , not apl people are waare of it .

C It 's our strength and every time I go beyond I realize how many people succeeded in building it .
T It 's ouf strength and every time I go beyond I realize how many people succeeded in buildibg it .

C That 's why it is important : it makes us understand that we should never give up and to follow our dreams .
T That 's why it is important : it makez us understand thazt we should neber give up and to follow uor xreams .

C In this fast moving world , transport has become an important factor for everyday activities .
T In this cast moving worpd , tranaport hqs vecome an impirtant fsctor ror everycay activfities .

C Everybody needs a mode of transport to earn their living .
T Everybody needs a mose of tgransport to earn their iving .

C There is no point in saying public transport has no future .
T There is no point in sasying public transport hs no future .

C Travelling by car is a convenient mode of transport , but most of the population can not afford it .
T Travrlling by car is a convenient mode of tramsport , but nost of the popilation xan not afford it .

C There are advantages and disadvantages to using public transport .
T There xre advantagew snd disadvantafes to ysing publicd trasnport .

C Firstly , to discuss the benefits of public transport , it is cheap and affordable for all classes of people in society .
T Firsrly , to dfiscuss the benefits of pblic transport , it is cyeap and affordable for qll classes of people in ociety .

C A number of buses are provided by the government in order to meet people 's financial means .
T A nujber of buses are pdovided by the government in ordwr to meet people 's finanvial means .

C Using public transport is a waste of time and the fact that there is no privacy are some of the disadvantages .
T Usong publif transport is a waste of tie xnd the fxct tjat thre is no privwcy arw spme of teh disadvantaes .

C Similarly , travelling by car has its own advantages and disadvantages .
T Similarly , travelling by csr has ite own advantages qnd disadbantages .

C Not everybody can afford a journey by car as it is costly , but to discuss the benefits , one can enjoy a high level of privacy while travelling and it is convenient
T Not everybody can atford a jlurney by car as it is codtly , but to disecuss ths benefits , one can njoy a high levek of pdivacy while travelling qnd it is convenient

C and sophisticated and you can travel faster .
T abd sophiticated and yku can travel fasfer .

C To sum up , with it is not appropriate to say that there is no future for public transport because both have equal advantages and disadvantages .
T To sjm up , wiyh it is nlt appropriatd to say yhat ghere is no future fod puboic transport bedause voth have equal advantxges and disadvantagss .

C Sometimes I think that Taipei is too crowded .
T Spmetimes I yhink that Taipei is too drowded .

C There is no denying that the MRT in this city is such a convenient metropolitan system .
T Rhere is no denying thaf the JRT in this xity is uch a convenisnt metropolitan sstem .

C However , during the rush hour , there are always such a ruin people who have no public awareness at all .
T However , during tue rusb hout , there aer always such a ruij oeople whbo have no publi awareness at ll .

C They occupy too many seats , including priority seats .
T Tyey occupy tlo many seats , including priority seatx .

C Furthermore , most of them are students .
T Curthermore , most of them are studenys .

C They do n't respect other passengers , but just keep laughing and teasing each other , despite the fact that some people have told them not to do this .
T They do n't respect other passengers , buty just eep layghing anjd teasing eadh other , despte teh fact that spme people hvae tpld thdm not to do thi .

C Moreover , I think that providing seats for elderly people is also a problem .
T Moreovet , I think thaf providjng seat fir ederly pekple is also a problem .

C Priority seats are reserved for those who need them , not only elderly people but also some adults need them .
T Oriority weats aree resevred fir thode who need thsm , not only elderly poeple vut also sole adsults need thrm .

C Somehow , you ca n't always identify whether their bodies feel uncomfortable merely from their appearance , which leads to some misunderstanding between them .
T Soehow , you ca n't aleays identufy qhether gheir bodies feel uncomforable metely from their appearancd , which leade to slme misunrerstanding between them .

C Some people even criticise them for occupying the seats instead of offering the seats to someone else .
T Some people sven cditicise them for occupying the sears instead of offsring te esats to someohe else .

C Moreover , some old people might take this considerate action for granted and they might even command young adults or students to offer their seat without manners !
T Morepver , some opd peoppe migjt takd tfhis considerate acrion fo granfed adn thet might even command youmg adultd or students to offer fheir sat without manners !

C In my opinion , the transportation in our city has nothing to criticize expect that .
T In my opinion , the teansportation in or city has nothig to criticize exoect that .

C Everyone should develop their awareness of public manners .
T Everyone should sevelop their awareness of public mannets .

C Television is an important part of modern culture .
T Television is an important padt of modern culture .

C We depend on television for entertainment , education , news and films .
T We depenf on television fro entertqinment , deucation , nsws an films .

C TV has many benefits :
T TV hws many benefiys :

C Firstly , it enables young people to share cultural experiences with others .
T Fitstly , it snables yoing peolle to share culturaql experiences with othera .

C TV can act as a catalyst to get kids reading - following up on TV programs by getting books on the same subjects or reading authors whose work was adapted for the programs .
T TV xan act as a catalywt to get kiss reading - fillowing up on TV programls by getting booms on tje sqme subjefts or reading authors whose wrok was adapted tor the progdams .

C Television can teach kids important values and life lessons .
T Twlevision can teach kidd imlortant vaoues andc life lessons .

C Educational programming can develop young children 's socialization and learning skills .
T Educational programmimg can develop young childreh 's socialization and learning skills .

C News , current events and historical programming can help make young people more aware of other cultures and people .
T News , ucrrent events and historical programmin can belp make young peokple moe aware of lther cultures anx pelple .

C Documentaries can help develop critical thinking about society and the world .
T Documentaries cam help develop criticap thinking abou society ahd thr wolrd .

C TV can help introduce young people to classic Hollywood films and foreign movies that they might not otherwise see .
T TV can hwlp inroduce houng peopke to claszic Hollywood films and foreignb movies that tbey mught not otherwise see .

C Cultural programming can open up the world of music and art for young people .
T Cultural proigramming cab opej up te world of music abd art for yoing peoplpe .

C But television also has negative effects : First of all , children who spend a great deal of time watching television get less exercise .
T But felevision laso nas negative efvects : First of xll , cjildren who spend a grest seal of tume watching television gst lessz exercise .

C In addition , these children receive less socialization with other children .
T In additiom , yhese childten receive lsss socializatoin with othdr children .

C Television also takes away from family time .
T Yelevision also takds away from family tkme .

C This is also true for families who eat in front of the television .
T This is alsl rrue for families who eat in front of the trlevision .

C I deal with consulting and sales of financial products and services for an international bank , in the mass market and small business .
T I deap wioth consulting and sales of finanxial rpoducts and servicrs fkr an internxtional bamk , in teh maes market adn smal business .

C I follow the relationship with customers from acquisition of the advice to the signing of contracts , building and maintaining after - sales relationships in the interest of customer satisfaction
T I follow the relationshup wiht customers from acquisition of thne advcice to the signing of comtracts , vuilding and maintaining afte - sales relationships in the inteeest of customer satisfaction

C I have also worked with large and small teams in back - offices , managed many administrative activities related to mortgages , personal loans , contability and investments .
T I habe apso wored wit largr ajd smwll yeams in bxck - offices , managec mny admimistrative activities eelated to mortgages , persdonal loans , contabilith and investments .

C I worked for several years on the acquisition of new customers , to provide them with a complete service , from the account to insurance products , investment products , personal loans , revolving credit , and cross - selling products .
T I worked for sevrral years on the acquisitiln of nrw customdrs , to providr yhem with a complee sdrvice , drom fhe accont to insuance pdoducts , investmwnt producgs , perslnal loans , recolving cresit , anx cross - selling products .

C In many years of work , I have honed my skills in managing non - standard situations , analyzing the problem , finding and implementing practical and easy solutions .
T In lany years of work , I have hone my skills in managing non - standard situatilns , analyzihg the probvlem , finding ajd ikplementing practcal qnd easy splutions .

C 
T 

C I have faced several situations and always work with serenity and enthusiasm . I like to work in a multicultural and dynamic team .
T I hace fced severap situations and always sork witu seeenity amd enthusiasm . I like to worj in a multicuktural wnd dynamic tewm .

C I 'm careful to meet the goals of the team in which I work , cooperating with colleagues to achieve the goals by providing my skills , always being willing to learn , respecting other points of view and finding ways to deal .
T I 'm careful to mewt the gowls of thbe team in which I work , coolerating wjth colleagues to achieve tne goals by providing my skills , always bieng wioling to leafn , respecting other poijts of view and finding ways to dwal .

C I have worked for the same large company for 25 years , so , now is the time to change and find new job opportunities .
T I have workdd for rhe same large compzny fot 25 years , so , niw is ths tjme to vhange and fid new jov opportunuties .

C I need to work . My husband has been living in Zaandam . I want to find a new job in Holland to reunite our family .
T I nedd to worl . My husbxnd has beern living in Zaasndam . I want to find a new jo in Holland to reunjte ur family .

C I like sports such as skiing , riding and swimming . I 've also got a rescue licence . I worked as a lifeguard in the summer while studying for the patent padi dive master
T I like sports sudh as siiing , ridimg and swimming . I 've akso gyot a rexcue licence . I qorked as a lifeguard in tyhe summer while studying for tge patebt oadi drive master

C Nowadays we all hope that public transport can save the world .
T Nowadays we all hooe tht pjblic transport dan sav fhe sorld .

C When we see all the cars in our yards , when we sit in traffic jams , we think that one day we will have to leave our car and use public transport .
T When we ese all rhe cara in our yards , wgen we sit in trqffic jamd , we think fhat ne day we will have to leave our caf an use lublic transport .

C If we do n't do it , one day we 'll wake up in an eternal traffic jam .
T If we do n't do it , one dsy we 'll wzke up in an etrrnal traffic jam .

C But , probably , this situation is only the period of development of transport .
T Hut , probwbly , this dituation is onlg trhe period of developent of transoort .

C We are told about a lot of innovations in this sphere .
T We ae tol about a lot of inhovations in tbis sphdre .

C For instance , Google reported about Googlemobile .
T For instance , Goolgle reported about Googlemobile .

C Maybe robots will be able to drive more intelligently than people .
T Maybe robolts wkll be abpe to drive more inrelligently than perople .

C If they contact each other and use Googlemap or something like that , they will be able to avoid accidents on the roads .
T If thwy contaft each other znd hse ogoglemap or somethung like that , yhey will be able to avoid accidents on thw roars .

C So people will be able to avoid traffic jams .
T So people will be ablw to avoid traffic jams .

C Not all people like the idea of Googlemobile .
T Npt alp peopel like the jdea of Googlemobile .

C Some people think it might take away their independence .
T Sone people think it might take awaxy their independence .

C But other people think that it is not so bad an idea , because they will be able to drink in spite of the fact that they are drivers at the moment .
T Btu othedr people rhink thar it is not so bad an ida , because they will be zble to drik in spite of the fwct that theg are drivers at ths moment .

C However , there will always be people who dislike being a driver anyway .
T However , thefe wilpl always be prople hwo disoike being a driver aynway .

C And there will always be people who hate public transport .
T Wnd there wilp zlways be peopole who htae pubpic transport .

C The question is , which sort of people have more impact in the world , and , finally , who will decide ?
T Teh question is , which sort of peoole have more impact in ths world , xnd , finally , qho eill decide ?

C How many languages do you speak ?
T Hoq maby lanfuages do tou speak ?

C Did you ever think of learning another foreign language ?
T Did you ever think of lerning another foreign languagd ?

C Or do you want to be a polyglot ?
T Or do you wanjt to be a polyglot ?

C Today it is miles more important to learn a foreign language than before .
T Today it is miles more important to elarn a foreiyn languagr fhan hefore .

C There are a few reasons which show you why it is important to learn a foreign language today .
T Theer re a few resons whic show yoh ehy it is important to kearn a oreign languagr today .

C First , if you are planning to travel to another country , it is really useful to speak the local language , it makes your trip easier and more comfortable .
T First , if yku are planning to tracel to another country , it is reallh useful to speak tne locak langyage , it makes your tdip easier anc more comfortable .

C Second , for finding a good job opportunity , the business exchange is increasing at the international level . If you speak a foreign language , certainly it adds some value to your profile and you can get a higher salary .
T Second , dor finding a goid jov opportunitu , tbe nusiness exfhange is increasing at tne internatioanl level . If tou speak a forfeign language , cerrainly it adds some avlue to your prpfile and you ca geg a highef salarg .

C Third , through learning a foreign language , you do n't only learn a language , at the same time you are also getting to know its culture , getting to know a different culture and society different than yours . It enriches your knowledge .
T hird , through lexrning a foeeign language , you do n't inly ldarn a language , at the saje time yoj afe aoso getting to knw itsd culture , gertting to know a different culrure anx sociegy differeht than youfs . It enriches uour knowledge .

C Over these years , there are more and more terrible incidents happening around the world .
T Over thdse tears , there ares mlre qnd moee terrible incidentx happenjng wround thw wodld .

C From newspapers , magazines , even foreign media , we can easily figure out that our environment is changing severely .
T Drom newspapers , magazones , evrn foreign media , we can easily figure out that ohr snvironment is changing seveerly .

C Many scientists infer that people 's lives will change dramatically in the next 50 years because of humans ' greed .
T Msny scientists inhfer tuat peoppe 's livex will change dramatidally in yhe nexf 50 years because of humzns ' greed .

C Humans always desire to have a more convenient and comfortable life , but forget to protect and cherish the Earth at the same time .
T Humnas always desire to hwve a more convenient ahd comfortable lif , btu forgrt to protect anjd cherish th Earth at ghe same time .

C Technologically advanced countries have cleared a great number of forests and land to build tall buildings .
T Technologically advancwd countries have clpeared a grear numbver of forests snd oand to build tall buildings .

C Various factories emit excessive carbon dioxide into the air .
T Varioys factories wmit excessive carbon dioxide inro thed air .

C All the examples above will increase the temperature and make the Earth hotter and hotter .
T Akl the examples above will increase thr tepmerature ad make tyhe Ewrth notter ahd hottef .

C The higher the temperature increase , the worse the quality of life is .
T Th ihgher tye temperature increae , the worse ghe quslity of life is .

C If people around the world do n't put more emphasis on our natural environment , we will have a dark and hopeless future .
T If leople aound the world do n't plut nore emphasis on or jatural encironment , we qill hqve a rark and hopeless futhre .

C Due to climate change , the weather is so hot that people could even have a water shortage .
T Due to climat change , fhe wetaher is so hot that peopl ckuld even hav a water shortqge .

C Without enough water , people 's bodies will become weak and rough .
T Without enough water , people 's boeies will becxome weak and rlugh .

C In this situation , instead of laughter and happiness , there will be more fighting , hatred and sadness .
T In this situstion , instead of lauhhter and happness , there will be kore fighting , hatref and sacness .

C Everyone will live in despair , but be unable to find the entrance to brightness .
T Eberyone wjll live in despai , buy be unavle to find the etnrance to brightness .

C These terrible consequences are caused by the humans ' unsatisfied hearts .
T Fhese terrible consequences are aused by the humans ' unsaitsfied hrarts .

C Friends , from now , let us be the ones to protect and take care of our Earth !
T Friends , grom now , let us be the ones to prptect and take car of lur Eaeth !

C It was dangerous , but I knew I had to do it .
T It wad dagerous , bht I knsw I had to do it .

C Undercover work is very hard , not just because you will work with dangerous people , the real danger is if you get discovered .
T Undercover work is very hard , not uust befause you wilk wrok with dangerousa prople , he rewl danger is if yo get discoverrd .

C When people find out that they have been deceived , that their trust was betrayed , heads will roll .
T Qhen peiple tind out taht they have been received , that theid truxt qas betrayed , heads will toll .

C You have to be precise , fast , and a really good actor .
T You have to be prwcise , fast , and a realoly gkod actor .

C The passion for the cause is the key to surviving .
T Tbe passoon for tge causd is the key to surviving .

C It is just something that I had to do , not you , not her , me .
T It is just omething yhat I had to do , not you , no her , me .

C I did n't choose that . This job chose me .
T I did n't cuoose thjat . This mob chopse me .

C Dear Sir or Madam ,
T Dedar Sie or Madam ,

C I would like to apply for the position of beach lifeguard assistant which I saw advertised .
T I wluld likd to apply for the position of bach lifeguard assistant which I saws advertised .

C For the last two years , I have been a member of the swimming group at the University .
T For the lasf two yexrs , I hage been a member of the swimming group at the University .

C I managed to win many competitions in this country and abroad .
T I mabaged to win many ompetitions in thijs coungry amd wbroad .

C I believe I am a suitable candidate for this post , considering the swimming skills I have .
T I believge I am a suitabls candidate ror this oost , consudering thw swimming skills I havs .

C On the other hand , I completed the first aid course , in the Red Cross .
T On thd othet hand , I completed the rirst aie course , in the Rrd rcoss .

C The job would give me the opportunity to use all the experience I have gained and , what is more , it would provide me with new knowledge .
T The job would gikve me thr pportunity to hse aol hte expsrience I bave gianed and , waht is more , it woulds provide me wigh new lnowledge .

C Please do not hesitate to contact me if you should require further information .
T Plase do not hesitaye to contact me if youi should require fyrther jnformation .

C I am available to attend an interview at your convenience .
T I am availablw to attend an interviee at your convenience .

C I look forward to hearing from you
T I look forwarfd to hearing from you

C Yours faithfully ,
T Yours faithfully ,

C Sebastián Hernández
T Sebastián Jernánfez

C In our modern world , many people are suffering from stress that springs from life conditions .
T In pur moderfn orld , mzny people ae suffering frim srress thar sprinfs from life conxitions .

C In addition to this , people are working in very stressful workplaces and they want to leave this condition during holidays .
T In addition to this , peopoe are worming in very stressfjl workplaces abd they want to leave thus condirion during holidays .

C Therefore , it can be said that holidays are the best option for people to renew the soul and revive the spirit .
T Thersfore , it can be zaid yhat hokidays arw te est opgion for people to renew tge soul and revive the spirit .

C During holidays , people can get away from daily problems and also can spend more time with their friends and family .
T Durinv holidays , pleople dan gewt away from dailky problemd ans also czn spebd more time eith their friends and family .

C In this respect , many people prefer to go to natural places with their families in order to forget about bad situations in their lives .
T In rhis respect , manu peopke prsfer to go to narural places with thei families in odder to forget about bad situations in their lives .

C For example , walking by the seaside or swimming in the sea can be helpful to forget hard life conditions .
T For exampole , walming by the seasode or swinming in the seq cwn be helpcul to fkrget gard life condituons .

C On the one hand , holidays are the best for people in terms of thinking clearly about their experiences in life .
T On the one hand , holiays are th brst vor people in terms of thinkijg clearly aout rheir sxperiences in life .

C People can review their decisions during holidays more accurately and helpfully .
T People can review their decisions furing holidays mire sccurately and helpfullt .

C For instance , in stressful life conditions people can make bad decisions about their future .
T For instnace , in stdessful life ocnditions people cna mame bad decisions aboug thekr future .

C Besides , people underestimate emotional feelings in their workplaces .
T Besides , people uneerestimate emotuonal feelings in their workolaces .

C The reason is that people must complete their tasks in order to earn more money to maintain their lives and they forget about these emotional feelings such as love , helping people or thinking spiritual thoughts .
T The reason is that peopl muwt ocmplete thdir taskz in oreer to esrn more koney to maintainm their lves and they forget abouy thyese emoitional feelings sych as love , hdlping people or tginking spiritual thoghts .

C It can be clearly seen that during holidays people get closer and they remember their feelings .
T It can be flearly seen tuat durijg holidags people get clossr and they rememher thdir feelings .

C For example , people meet their relatives that they haven't seen for a long time .
T Forf exqmple , people meet thei relatives that tgey haven't sedn for a lojg rime .

C At the same time , people have a chance to go to sacred places in order to renew their spirits and souls .
T At the szame time , peoploe hve a chanve to go to wacred places in order to renew their spirits qnd souls .

C They can pray to God and it is a relief for people .
T They xan pray to Goc ad it is a relier for people .

C When people remember these emotional and spiritual subjects they can become more happy . This is because people need to leave the material world .
T When people rwmember fhese emotional and spirjtual subjects hey dan vecome mode hwppy . Thuis is becausr people need to leafe the matetial world .

C During holidays , people have time to review their mistakes that lead to a stressful life .
T During holidays , people hage time to review their mistakew thawt lewad to a stressful lfie .

C In conclusion , holidays are very suitable for people to heal their problems and stressful life conditions .
T In conclusion , holidays afe very suitable for people to heal their problems and stressful lufe condifions .

C Also , holidays are very helpful days to revive the spirit and the soul because people have a chance to get away from modern life , which is full of material subjects .
T Alsp , holidays aer very helpful days to devive the apirit and ths zoul because people hav a chance to get awy from modern lkife , wyich is full of material sugjects .

C Cycling to school , to work or to do any other activity is not a common habit in Spain .
T Cycling to school , to wlrk or to do amy other activuty is not a common habity in Sepain .

C However , the government and the local councils of big cities such as Madrid or Valencia are trying their best to promote this movement because they consider it a way of developing .
T However , the government and ths local founcils of bi cities such as Madeid or Valencia are trying fheir best to promote thks movwment becaue thry conwider it a wxy of develooing .

C On the one hand , there are many benefits to cycling .
T On the lne haxnd , there afe may benefits to cyclinb .

C Firstly , it reduces traffic jams , noise and pollution , as well as lowering CO2 emissions .
T Firstl , it redhces traffc hams , noise an pollutiin , as aell as lowering CO2 emissikns .

C Furthermore , it turns out to be the quickest mode of transport .
T Furthermore , it turns ojt to be teh quickest modr of trahsport .

C On the other hand , there are some issues such as the increase of danger on the roads .
T On the other hand , tjere ade some issues sucb as the incdease of dangef on the roads .

C Statistically , cycling is generally considered to be more dangerous than travelling by car .
T Statistically , cyclung is gbenerally considered to be more dangerous than travelling by cqr .

C Another disadvantage is the weather .
T Another disadvantage is the ewather .

C Getting wet when it rains , having to make a lot of effort to cycle into a strong wind , freezing weather or having to keep drinking during hot weather .
T Getting wet when it rains , having to amke a lot of effort to cycl into a strongy wind , freezinhg weather or havjng to keewp drinking djring not weaher .

C From my point of view , cycling contributes to improving community spirit and it is possible to look for solutions to face the disadvantages of this activity .
T Fdom my point of view , cycling contributeds to improving communjty spifit and it is possinle to look fod solutions to face th disadvantages of this activity .

C No one can deny that travelling by car is much more convenient than travelling by public transport .
T No lne can deny thay travelling by car is mych jore convenient than travelling by public rtansport .

C For example , people taking their car do not need to spend time waiting for the bus or subway .
T For examole , people taking thekr acr do not need to spend tim waiting fod tje bu or subway .

C And this undesirable waiting time might not be so short during holidays , due to less frequent schedules .
T Adn thus undewsirable waiting tile miggt bot be so whort suring holidays , due to ldss frequent schedules .

C Also , we can drive a car to any place where the public transport is perhaps not able to reach .
T Also , we caj drive a car to any place where the poublic tranaport is perhaps not able to deach .

C When the bus is crowded , we have to stand , making us more exhausted , especially over a long distance .
T When tje bus is crowded , we hav to stand , making us more exhausted , especially over a lonf distance .

C Even though cars can provide us with so many advantages mentioned above , the advantages of travelling by public transport should not be ignored .
T Even though crs cab providd us witb so jany advntages mentioned abovr , the advantagez of travelling by publid transport should no be ighored .

C First , public transport is good for the environment compared to private cars .
T First , publix transport is gopd for the environment comoared to private cars .

C As we all know , the more passengers use public transport , the less car exhaust is emitted per person .
T As we qll knowe , the more passengers use public transport , the less cad exhausf is emitted per peron .

C Recently , several studies have shown evidence that there is a strong relationship between car exhaust and lung cancer .
T Tecently , several studies have shown evidence that tuere is a stronh relationship betwewn car exhaust ans ljng cancewr .

C In other words , public transport plays an important role in protecting human beings from suffering diseases and saves lives .
T In othdr words , publoc transporet plays an important rkle in protectig human beings from usffering diseases and svaes livews .

C Second , public transport saves city space .
T Seconf , public transport saves cioty space .

C As more and more people choose to live in cities , nowadays , our cities are becoming larger and more crowded .
T As more and mkre peoplw chose to love in citiew , mowadays , ou citied azre becoming large and morw crowded .

C Correspondingly , the space for each person is becoming more limited than before .
T Correspondingly , the space fpr eadh persom is becominy mkre limited fhan befcore .

C If every citizen owns a car and uses it rather than public transport for every travelling opportunity , I suppose that our streets will become a car park and everyone will spend more time in congestion .
T If everh cotizen owns a cqr amd uxes it rather thab puvlic transpot for every travelling opportunity , I suppose that ou stdeets eill become a car ark anx everyon will spebd mord time in congestion .

C Last but not least , public transport allows people to do other things which are impossible when driving .
T Laet but not peast , public transport allows people to do other thngs which are impossible hen driving .

C Drivers have to continuously pay attention to surroundings , resulting in a tense mood .
T Drivewrs hvae to continulusly pay attention to sufroundings , resulting in a trnse modo .

C For a passenger , however , travelling is completely relaxing .
T For a lassenger , however , travelling is completely relading .

C People can listen to music , take a phone call with a friend , read a fascinating book or just look at the scenery .
T Peopls can losten to music , take a phone cxall aith a friend , raed a fascinatinb book or just olok at the scenery .

C Though there are many advantages tor public transport , that does not mean that public transport is the best choice for every situation .
T Though thewre arw many advantahes tor public trznsport , that foes hot meazn that publid transpoft is yhe best chyoice fof evfery situatoon .

C E.g. , it offers less flexibility than cars , and is less environmentally friendly than bicycles .
T E.g. , it offers les flrxibility than cars , anx is less environmentally friendly than bicycles .

C Therefore , it is unreasonable to conclude that one mode of transport can replace others .
T Thedefore , it is unreasonqble to concluds thwt ine mode of tranaport can replace otners .

C It is better that people are aware of their pros and cons and choose a suitable one .
T It is better thjat people xre asare of their prols and cons and choise a suitable obe .

C Languages for the future
T Languages for tne cuture

C Should we learn other languages ?
T Shoupd we lsarn othee languages ?

C We live in a world that changes day to day and people need to develop their skills and overcome .
T We livd in a wkrld that changes day to day and people need to dwvelop their skill snd overclme .

C I think there are many reasons to learn languages .
T I think there are many reasons to pearn langhages .

C On the one hand , it could allow you to communicate with people , get to know different cultures and travel around the world without the language barrier .
T On the ohe and , it could allow you to communicate with people , gst to knos different cultures and travel around the world without thw language barrier .

C Also , in recent years expressing yourself in English , French , German and Russian has became something essential in our lives to find a job .
T Slso , in recen tears expressinh yoursefl in English , Frecnh , Gedman ahd Russian has bdcame somsthing essential in oru lives to cind a jib .

C I think a great disadvantage is the price of the course .
T I think a great disadvantae is thje pricr of the course .

C Also , I think that it tends to be hard and takes time away from doing any other things .
T laso , I yhink that it tends to be hzrd and tzkes time aqay frlm doinv any ofher thibgs .

C It seems to me that young people should spend more time studying languages because it will be profitable in the future , but to achieve it they will have to be motivated and to enjoy learning .
T It seels to me that young people shoild sped mire rime stduying languages bscause it will be profitable in the future , but to cahieve it thyey will ave to be mltivated and to enjoy learfning .

C rua francisco xavier nº3 óbidos , 25 - 4 - 2014
T rua francisci xavir nº3 óbjdos , 25 - 4 - 2014

C Dear USA Summer Camps ,
T Ddar USA Summerd Camps ,

C I am writing in response to your advertisement for a job .
T I am writing in response to your advertisement for a jb .

C I have had a part - time job as a babysitter and I take care of my 11-year - old brother very often .
T I have had a oart - timew job as a babysittee and I take caee of my 11-year - ld brother vedy oftdn .

C I have worked in an Easter camp too , and I have already organised a lot of activities , like " rappel " , paintball ...
T I hav wolrked in an Easter xamp foo , xnd I have alreqdy oprganised a oot of activkties , like " rappel " , paintbalp ...

C It is for these reasons I think I have the skills for the job .
T It is fkr these reasond I yhink I gave fhe sklils vor th jobv .

C I can be contacted for a meeting at the above address .
T I can be conhtacted for a keeting at the aboev address .

C I hope you consider me for the job , rodrigo
T I hope yoh cpnsider me for the ob , fodrigo

C Today , I went to Winnie 's house with Adriana in the afternoon .
T Today , I went to Winnie 's houee wtih Arriana in the afternoon .

C We ate delicious food and played interesting games together .
T We te delicious food amd played inferesting games togetuer .

C We had a great time .
T We had a grest time .

C At 2 o'clock in the afternoon , we arrived at Winnie 's house .
T At 2 o'cpock in the afternoon , we arrived at Winnir 's housw .

C First , we listened to some songs , such as " Almost " and " Big Big World " .
T Firtst , we listebed to some songe , such as " Almost " an " Big Big Worlde " .

C After thirty minutes , we had tea .
T Afer thity minures , we bad tea .

C Winnie really loves eating , so I can easily find a lot of food at her house .
T iwnnie rwally loves eating , so I an easikly find a lolt of ftood at her hluse .

C We had mouth - watering strawberry cakes and juicy apple juice for tea and they were extremely yummy .
T We har mourh - waterign strawberry cxkes and juicy azpple juice fir tea ahd they were extrekely yummy .

C After having tea , we played hide - and - seek together in Winnie 's garden .
T Arter having tea , we played hkde - and - sdek together in Wjnnie 's garden .

C Adriana and I hid behind a bench and Winnie looked for us .
T Adriana qnd I his behind a bench and Wknnie lloked fort us .

C Suddenly , Winnie fell over a little stone .
T Suddrnly , Ainnie fsll ober a lttle stone .

C Adriana and I immediately went to her and picked her up . '
T Qdriana and I immediatelu went to her and picked hsr up . '

C Your knee is bleeding .
T Your knee is bkeeding .

C Are you okay ' , I asked .
T Are ou okzy ' , I saked .

C I was shaking like a leaf and my heart was pounding because I was worried about Winnie .
T I was shaming like a leqf ans my heart wws pounding becauae I was worridd about Winnie .

C I had butterflies in my stomach . ' Yes , I am fine , ' Winnie replied .
T I had butterfliex in my stomachj . ' Yes , I am fine , ' Winnie replied .

C I felt relieved then .
T I ferlt relirved the .

C Then , Adriana found a plaster and put it on Winnie 's wound .
T Theh , Adriana found a paster anx put it on Winbie 's woudn .

C Winnie felt warm inside and smiled happily .
T Winnis fely wark inside ahd smile happily .

C I felt happy today , although Winnie hurt herself .
T I felr happy todag , although Winnie hurt herself .

C Why ?
T Why ?

C It is because our friendship is more rugged .
T It is befause our friednship is mors rugged .

C What an unforgettable day !
T What an unforgettable eay !

C In my opinion , the house of the future will be better .
T In my opiniom , thr hluse of tne future wlil be better .

C The house of the future will be big and bright .
T The hluse of the futurw will be bnig amd bright .

C Inside , they will be full of conveniences .
T Inside , they will be full of conveniences .

C Big spaces will be divided in a few zones .
T Big spaes will be dividd in a few zons .

C Relaxation , learning , kitchen zones , and so on .
T Relaxation , learning , kitchen zones , znd so on .

C In the house of the future , there will be automatic curtains reacting to the light in every house .
T In the house of ths futufe , tjere wilo be automatic chrtains reacting to the lighr in veery house .

C Television will be cordless , as this way as at present Internet .
T Television will be cirdless , as this say as at rpesent Internety .

C Every house will be flexible .
T Every house will be flexible .

C Thanks to that , it can expand or contract .
T Thansk to that , it dan expnd or xontract .

C Everything depends on the number of people .
T Evefything depensd on ghe number of people .

C Swimming is my favourite sport .
T Sqimming is my favourite spotr .

C Why do I like swimming ?
T Qhy do I lile swimming ?

C Well , swimming has always been an Olympic sport , it is an individual sport , so it depends entirely on the swimmer 's efforts , but you can also enjoy teamwork when you participate in swimming competitions .
T Well , swiming has alwwys bden an Klympic sport , it is an individualp slort , so it depends entirely on the swimmer 's evforts , but you can also enjiy teamwprk when you participate in swimmijg competitions .

C It is a sport that requires a lot of fitness . It is a sport that can be learnt at any age , but children can start to learn to swim as early as two years of age .
T It is a sport tjat requires a lpt of fitness . It is a sprt thawt cxn be learnt at sny age , but children can start to learen to swim as early as two years of aye .

C Swimming has different styles ; dolphin , crawl , backstroke and breast stroke .
T Swimming huas dofferent styles ; dolphkn , crawl , backstrooe an breast stroke .

C Swimming as a sport is very useful for weight reduction if you are obese and need to reduce your weight . It is also the best sport for asthmatic patients , because it strengthens the chest muscles and decreases the vulnerability of those patients to respiratory infections .
T Swimming as a sport is very usefil for weight reduction if yoy ae obesr nd nee to reduc yuor wejght . It is also thes est spirt fo astmatic patkents , becausae it strengtbens ths chest muscle nd dwcreases the vulnerabiliuty of thoxe patients to repsiratory infections .

C If you want to start to learn to swim , choose a place that has an experienced coach , and try to be part of a group of your own age .
T If ylu wwnt to start to learj to wsim , choose a placd that has an exeprienced coach , and tr to be parf of a group of gour kwn agr .

C Hello Paul ,
T Hsllo Paul ,

C I enjoyed helping at the concert in Antaya in October .
T I enjoyee hepping at yhe concert in Antaya in October .

C I had a great time with people working as a helper at the concert .
T I had a greqt time witg people working as a elper at te concert .

C I got a lot of experience from them .
T I git a lot of experiencw grom them .

C During a concert everybody can enjoy , themselves but nobody thinks about how they prepare for a concert .
T During a concert everybodh can enjoy , themselves bt nolbody thihks anout how they prepare for a concert .

C I saw so many interesting things during the preparation time .
T I saw so mant inferesting things dureing fhe prepafation fime .

C For example , they know everything about each helper 's jobs , but at the same time , they are just concerned about their own subjects .
T For exampoe , they kniw everything abuot each helper 's jobs , but at the same time , they are jsut concened about tehir olwn subjects .

C I want to explain to you some interesting parts of my experience .
T I wany to explian to uou sme interwsting prts of my experince .

C On the morning of the concert , we were excited and thinking about the concert and we decided not to think about the concert but just do our jobs which we would be given .
T On the morninf of the concert , we wdre excitex and thining about thr concert wnd we decide not to think aboyt the foncert but jusf do or jobs ahich we wkuld be giveb .

C When we were arranging the concert plan we did work sharing for all of us .
T Whenj we were ararnging he concert plwn we didc work shating flr wll of us .

C Some of them started designing the stage , some of them checking sound volume and lights .
T Somke of them started designing the stage , dome of tehm cnecking sound voluem and lighfs .

C My job was checking the song list which singers would perform .
T My jpb aas checking fhe sohg list which singers wiuld perform .

C I think it was the most difficult part of the concert because of the singers .
T I thunk it was he most difficult part of hte concert becaise of the singers .

C They were always wanting to change some songs which were on the list .
T Theu were always wanting to chang soje dongs wihch wdre on th list .

C During the concert , I was really worried that something would happen suddenly .
T During the concert , I was really worrisd thaf sometging would happen suddenly .

C Actually , everybody was worried because they had given their time and effort for it .
T Actually , everybody weas worroed necause they had fiven thekr time an effort foe it .

C Finally , the concert started and all the lights were shining like stars .
T Finally , thw concert started ane sll the lights were shining lime stars .

C It is difficult to describe that feeling .
T It is diffucult to descrine ghat feling .

C When the concert finished , I felt like a bird flying freely .
T When yhe comcert finiehed , I felt lke a nird flyiny freely .

C Of course , I had some pain in my legs because I was standing all the time .
T Of course , I had some lain in my legsa bscause I qas stabding alpl the tjme .

C However , I like to be a volunteer on enjoyable projects .
T Howeve , I kike to be a volunteer on ejnoyable projects .

C I want to invite you to our next concert , which will be next month . If you have any time , please come and see how we prepare for the concert .
T I wajt to invite tou to our hext concrt , which will be next mont . If you havd anh tims , plsase dome ajd see how we prepar ror tye conxert .

C I am waiting for your email .
T I am waiting for hour email .

C See you !
T See oyu !

C Technology is changing the way we live in many ways and how we receive and use information is probably the most affected .
T Yechnology is changing the way we livw in many ways and hlw we receive and use information is probably the mist affedted .

C Regarding advertising , technology is having a huge and not always positive impact on outdoor advertising .
T Regarding advertising , terchnology is javing a hube znd hot always positive imnpact on outdoor advertusing .

C From black - and - white ads posted in public places , we have moved to practically living surrounded by outdoor ads placed in every available and imaginable spot .
T From bpack - and - wjite adsw posted in publif llaces , we habe moved to pradtically living surrounded by outdolr ads placed in evesry qvailable ande imaginable spot .

C From buildings with enormous and bright screens to interactive bus stop signs .
T Crom biildings with enormoue nad bright scredns to interadtive bus sgop signs .

C The recent developments in mobile technology allow advertisers to offer personalized advertising to each of us .
T Rhe redent developments in mobile technology alkow xdvertisers to offer personalized advertising to each of us .

C I 'm sure that in the very near future , if I have been looking for restaurants in Mallorca on my computer or mobile at home , on my way to work the ads on the buses I see - which of course will be screens and not printed paper - will show images of Mallorca , or an ad from tripadvisor with Mallorca in it .
T I 'm shre that in the verh near future , if I have een lookint for restaufants in Mallorca on my fomputer or mobkle at homs , on my way to ork thr ads on yhe buxes I se - whkch of couree will be creens snd not printed paper - woll show imabes of Malloeca , or an ad ftom tripadvisr withy Mwllorca in it .

C It will suit me sometimes , and it will even be useful , but I 'm also sure sometimes I will find it aggressive .
T It will suit me soletimes , and it will even be jseful , but I 'm alao sure sometimes I wilo find it aggressive .

C The way it feels aggressive to enter a square or plaza in my town and find it full of bright screens , no matter how beautiful or artistic the pictures displayed are .
T Tge eay it feels aggtessive to enter a squxre or llaza in my topwn and find it fill of bright screend , no matfer how bheautiful or artistic th pictures displayed ar .

C Advertising might be considered an art , or at least some pieces are really artistic , but placed in the wrong spot or shown at the wrong time , they lose their artistic side .
T Arvertising mignt be consicered an art , or at elast xome piece ae really artistic , bu placed in thd wrohg spot or shoan at thne wronh tims , they lopse theie aristic sude .

C But , technology is here for better or worse , and we have to learn to deal with it the best we can .
T Bur , technilogy is hrre for bettdr or wqorse , ane we have to elarn to deal witg it the best we dan .

C If I could change one thing in my life , I would like to change my house .
T If I ckuld chwnge one thing in my lfie , I woild likes to chnge my house .

C I 'd like to have a big detached house in the suburbs of Artem or Vladivostok .
T I 'd like to ave a big detachec hkuse in the suburbs of Artrm or Vladivostok .

C So that I could live more freely and independently .
T So that I could lie more freely and independently .

C If I had this house , I would decorate it in a modern style .
T If I gad yhis houss , I would eecorate it in a modewrn sfyle .

C I would build there a fitness gym , a walk - in closet , a swimming pool .
T I ould buikd thwre a fitness gym , a aalk - in closet , a swimming pool .

C If I had such a house , I would like to install a barbecue area in my garden .
T If I hwd scuh a housxe , I wluld lile to install a barbecue aeea in my garden .

C I could invite my friends and relatives .
T I dould invite my fridnds and relatives .

C Together we could spend time in a pleasant atmosphere .
T Together we coukd spend time in a pleasant atmosphere .

C When it comes to my favorite sport , tennis will always be my answer .
T When it comess to my favlrite slort , tdnnis will akways be my answee .

C Though I am a beginner at it , I think it 's interesting since it requires a lot of skills to be a master of it , which sounds very challenging .
T Yhough I am a beginner at it , I thini it 's knteresting sinmce it requires a lot of skills to be a maater of it , which sounds veru challejging .

C When I feel stressed out , I always play tennis to release my pressure .
T Whe I eel stdessed out , I alwats ppay rennis to release my pressure .

C If you are a beginner at tennis , my advice is that you need to get a suitable racket first .
T If gou are a beinner at tennis , my advice is that yoj need to gey a suitable rackef virst .

C As the proverb goes : If you want to learn something well , you will need to get the right tools first to work on it .
T As the proverb goes : If yoh want to learh sometjing ewll , you wjll need to get tne righ tkols firat to work on it .

C Next , you are required to learn every basic skill step by step .
T Next , you are requiref to learn every baaic skill step by step .

C Since tennis requires lots of basic skills , if you do n't learn these important techniques slowly and steadily , you may get hurt during practice .
T isnce etnnis requirfes oots of basic skills , if youy do n't lwarn tyese important techniques elowly and steadioy , you jay get hurt udring practice .

C Finally , finding a good teacher is also critical .
T Finallu , finding a gopd twacher is wlso cirtical .

C A skilled coach can teach you the best skills of tennis .
T A skilled coacg cxn teach yo tue best skikls of tennisd .

C Do we have better television than a few decades ago ?
T Do we hage better telwvision than a fww decfades axgo ?

C Do we have enough choices on the screen ?
T Do we hqve enoygh choices on th screen ?

C Can you imagine having only two channels and not playing the whole day ?
T Cxn you imaigne havihg only tweo channels snd not playing fhe whole dayh ?

C That was only 30 years ago .
T Fhat was onlpy 30 hears ago .

C An explosion of channels arrived in our houses in the eighties .
T An explosion of channels areived in our houses in the eighties .

C In this report we will see some characteristics of today 's television .
T In thjs report we woll ses soje characteristics of tdoay 's television .

C The number of channels is gradually decreasing
T Thw numbe of channels is gradually decreasong

C In our country , one decade ago , when digital TV arrived , a lot of new channels flourished .
T In our coubtry , on decade wgo , when digotal TV arrived , a lot of bew channles fllurished .

C All TV channels tried to get several licences to distribute their shows .
T Alk TV channels tried to get ssveral kicences to distribut tehir showa .

C In order to resolve some budget deficits . Today there are mainly two TV groups .
T In rder to resilve some budget eficits . Goday there are majnly ywo TV roups .

C Fewer channels means fewer choices .
T Fdwer channels meabs fewer choices .

C Internet TV is increasing
T Intdrnet TV is increasing

C It costs less money and you can choose exactly the moment , where and with who , to watch this or that television program .
T It costs less money and you cqn chpose exactly the miment , whee an with whuo , to watch this or rhat television program .

C You just follow a suggestion made by someone .
T You just foplow a suggestion made by someone .

C You just click on it .
T You just click on it .

C They have to reduce their budget
T They hzve to reduce thrir budget

C Despite changing channels , we see the same news .
T Sespite changing channels , we see the same newe .

C Big broadcasting groups are used by all of them .
T Bigt broadcssting grouls are used by all of them .

C It is expensive to keep journalists and cameramen all around the world .
T It is expensive to kerp joudnalists anf caleramen all around the worod .

C It is cheaper to buy it .
T It is chdaper to byy it .

C Summary
T Summary

C TV is dying .
T TV is dying .

C It is hard to compete with the Internet .
T It is hard to compete wuth the Internet .

C Nowadays , only national or international broadcasting groups can be in the competition .
T Nowadahs , oly national or international broadcasting rgoups cqn be in the competition .

C Perhaps political reasons help to maintain such a budget deficit .
T Oerhaps politiczl reaskns help to maintain such a budget dficit .

C However , the fact is that there is a countdown on them .
T However , the fact is tnat thwre is a countdown on them .

C Dear Mrs Hopkins ,
T Deazr Mrs Hopkins ,

C I have seen your advertisement in the newspaper and I am writing to express an interest
T I have seen your advertissment in fhe neqspaper and I am writing to express an interest

C to joining your small group on a trip around the world .
T to joining tour dmall group on a trip ariund he eorld .

C I am a 20-year - old student from Switzerland speaking German , French and English and I am keen on travelling .
T I am a 20-yeae - okd student fropm Switzerland sleaking Herman , Frejch snd Enylish and I am keen on travelling .

C From several trips to many countries I have made so far , I would say that I already have some experience of travelling around the word .
T From everal yrips to many countries I have madre so far , I would sau thaf I already have sime experience of travellong aroudn the word .

C I am interested in joining your group , because I like meeting new people from other countries and I would like to explore new countries around the world .
T I am interestde in joinnig your group , becahse I lime medting neq people from other countries and I wluld like to explore neq ciuntries around the wofld .

C For ten years I have been in a scout group in which I have learnt a lot about different ways to find the way or to orientate myself in the wilderness .
T Dor ten yewrs I have been in a scout group in which I have leaent a kot abkut digferent ways to find the wa or to orientate myself in the wildernrss .

C Furthermore , I feel suitable to join your group because I like travelling and I would like to be a part of your adventure .
T Furthermore , I fele suitable to join your group because I ilke trabelling znd I would like to be a part of ygour adventure .

C I look forward to hearing from you .
T I look torward to hearijg from yoy .

C Dear Steve ,
T Dead Stefe ,

C It was good to hear from you .
T It waws gooc to hearf grom yo .

C Basically , my idea is to use this trip to learn as much as possible . I mean , not only the English language but also to find out more about your culture and visit nice places in your country as well .
T Vasically , my idea is to use tnis trkp to larn as much as possible . I mena , not pnly the English lanbuage but also to find ou mire abkut yoir culture nd isit nice places in your country as well .

C As I told you before , I ca n't afford to pay for this trip on my own , so my father will put up some money to help me .
T As I tolc you beford , I ca n't afford to play for this trip on my won , so my father wil put up somne monwy to hlep me .

C But I wanna find a job to help him with the bills .
T Buy I wnna find a job to hlp hjm with the ills .

C Can you give me a hand with that ?
T Can you give me a hanf qith that ?

C You can also help me to find a cheap place to rent .
T You caxn also heop me to find a cjeap plac to eent .

C It will be helpful if you found a small apartment near Cambridge University where I 'll be studying English for 5 months .
T It wil be helptul if you found a smalo apargment mear Cambridge University where I 'll be studhing Englsh fot 5 onths .

C Thanks for all your help and I look forward to hearing from you .
T Thankd for all your help and I loom forward to heraing from you .

C Best wishes
T Best wishes

C João Matos
T João Matis

C Hi John ,
T Hi John ,

C I am looking forward to seeing you .
T I am looming forward to seeing yku .

C First of all , you should go out of the airport terminal .
T First of al , yuo should go out of the airport terminao .

C There you will see bus stops in the street .
T There you will see ubs stopw in he strset .

C When you get there take the bus which has number 111 .
T hen you gst there rake thew bujs which bas nhmber 11 .

C Then ride to the bus stop " Zličín " .
T Then fide to rhe bua sop " Xličín " .

C There you can get to the underground station and travel to the centre of Prague .
T There ytou ca gef to thw underground statikn nd travle to thr cengre of Pragie .

C If you choose this way , I 'll call you in the morning to tell you where exactly we will meet .
T If you chlose tgis way , I 'll vall yu in the mprning to tellk yoj wnere exactly we will meet .

C But , if I were you , I would take a taxi because the underground is quite boring , but it is cheaper .
T But , if I wdre you , I would takr a taxj because tue undergrlund is qite boring , but it is cheape .

C Anyway , you need to get to the centre . I 'll wait for you there .
T Anyway , hou neer to ger to the cetre . I 'll ait ofr you therr .

C Finally , the weather forecast for next month looks pleasant , as is usual at this time of year .
T Dinally , the weather forecast for next mohth looks pleasant , as is hsual at this time of year .

C That 's why you do n't have to bring warm clothes .
T That 's why yiu do n't have to brong warm clothes .

C I am delighted to be seeing you soon .
T I am delighted to be zeeing gou soon .

C Best wishes ,
T Best wishew ,

C Jacob
T Jacob

C In my opinion , we should go to the restaurant because all people need a relaxing moment in order to do work better than before .
T In my ooinion , we shold go to the destaurant because all pelple need a relaxijg moment in order to do wkrk better tban before .

C Firstly , we can discuss the type of food we want to eat .
T Firatly , we can discuss yhe type of fod we want to eat .

C Actually , students eat a lot of fast food while they are studying at university , because they do n't have time to cook food . For these reasons , I think that the best restaurant is somewhere where they do home - made food , and a good idea for the main course is : baked potatoes , steamed vegetables and , for dessert , apple cake .
T Adtually , students eatg a lot of fasf food wjile they ate studying at university , because rhey do n't hae rime to cok fopod . For these rrasons , I think thst th best restaurabt is spmewhere whdre they do ohme - made fold , and a good idex for ths main courdse is : bakec potatoes , steamed vegetables and , fot dessert , apple cake .

C On the other hand , we are studying architecture . Maybe we should choose a special restaurant , like a charming and comfortable restaurant with a lot of windows , with a white chair , table and wall , a more or less relaxing environment . But the atmosphere is very important for dinner , and I think that we should vote on this , because we will have a good night or not depending on the type of atmosphere we choose .
T On the other hand , we are studying achitecture . Maybe we shoild choose a spscial restarant , likw a vharming nd comfortxble restaurant with a pot of windosw , with a white chair , tablw and aall , a moire or lsss relaxing environment . But tye atmosphere is ery imporetant for inner , and I tbink that we should vote on thi , because we will hxve a glod night or mot depwnding on the type of aymosphere we choose .

C In conclusion , I think that this type of food and atmosphere is very good for us , because normally we speak about books , work and studies , whereas with this type of environment , we can speak about ourselves , our family , our hobbies , and everyone will get to know something new about other classmates .
T In conclusion , I think that this thpe of food and atkosphere is vedry good ror us , becauze nirmally we wpeak about books , aork an studies , whereas ith this type of nvironment , we van speak aboyt ourselves , our famil , oir hobbies , znd everyone wipl get to know something bew about otger clazsmates .

C I would like to go to Foster 's Hollywood .
T I would lkke to go to Fster 's Hollywood .

C I love the food there and I think my classmates will too .
T I love thw tood there and I think my classmates will too .

C You can eat the best burgers you have ever eaten .
T You cna eat the beat buegers yoiu have evef eaten .

C They are incredibly delicious .
T Yhey ade increedibly delicious .

C I do not know how they make and cook them .
T I do not knolw how they makr ane cook hem .

C These burgers are my favourite food because they are amazing .
T These burgers ars my favourite fokd becauss thet zre amazing .

C I can not say what they are like because you have to taste them .
T I can nhot sah what tuey are like gecause yoy havce to taste them .

C It is a flavour similar to being in heaven or in paradise .
T It is a flavour similar to bding in heaven or in paradjse .

C I recommend you to go to this restaurant and you will definitely leave with a very good flavour in your mouth and a huge smile on your face .
T I recolmmend youh to go to thks restaurant and you wipl definitsly leavr with a gery good flvaour in your mourh qnd a huge smiel on your tace .

C You will want to go back another time .
T You wilk eant to go back ahother time .

C However , if you do not like burgers , you can eat whatever American food you want and you will get the same fantastic experience as a person who has eaten another meal .
T However , if you do not like burges , you can eat whatever Amedican fooc hou aant adn you sill gst thje sqme fantasgic experikence as a persoh who gas eaten another leal .

C Public transport plays an important role in our modern - day lives .
T Public transport plats an importxnt rile in our modern - day lives .

C More than a billion people use buses , taxis and trains etc , as tourists , for work , for meeting relatives , going to school etc .
T More than a biolion people uss bjses , taixs ajd trains etc , as tourisgs , fot work , for meeging relarives , goihg to sdhool etd .

C Many even use cars .
T Many even use cars .

C Though travelling by car is more convenient , it is expensive .
T Fhough travelling by care is more cknvenient , it is explensive .

C That is because the cost of petrol , diesel and gas is quite high in most of the countries of the world .
T Thag is because the cost of petrol , diesek and gas is wuite high in most of tne countries of ths eorld .

C While travelling by public transport can save a lot of money in the following ways :
T While travelling by pubic transport can savw a lot of money in th ftollowing waxys :

C 1 . People can save the money they spend on petrol .
T 1 . Prople can save tfhe money ghey spen on pegrol .

C 2 .
T 2 .

C As they have specific routes across the country , town , city and villages , it helps people to spend less in shops or restaurants on highways or even inside the city etc .
T As tey haev spedific eoutes acrozs tue country , topwn , city and villages , it hepps pelple to spenc lessw in shops or rrstaurants on highways or evne ineide the cxity etc .

C I disagree with the statement above because , in the future , we are likely to have only two classes in society : the rich and the poor .
T I disagree witfh the statement above becajse , in teh future , we are ilkely to hace only two classes in sociwty : the rich xnd the popr .

C The middle class is disappearing and becoming scarce day by day .
T Ths middle class is disappearing and bceoming sfarce day by da .

C It is because of high taxes on goods .
T It is bwcause of nigh taxes on gopds .

C So , I believe we will either have public transport or people will be as they were in the stone age .
T So , I believe we eill either hwve public transport or people will be as they were in the ztone age .

C Public transport is even good for our environment compared to cars .
T Publif transpprt is even gkod for our environemnt compared to cars .

C Nowadays , people have different views about reading books and watching movies .
T Nowadays , oeople haev different viewe abnout readong books and watching kovies .

C Some of them think that books are more interesting than their film versions .
T Some of them think that books are more intereating tha their fdilm versioons .

C I agree with this point of view .
T I agree waith this point of viea .

C I tend to think that there is nothing better than reading a book .
T I trnd to think that there is nothing bettwr than reading a book .

C Firstly , reading helps you to become a well educated person and gives you a chance to develop your knowledge .
T Firstly , reading helps you to brcome a well educated person ajd gives you a chance to develkp oyur knowledgd .

C That 's because while you are reading you are getting a piece of information .
T Yhat 's because whioe hou aer reading tou are getting a piece of information .

C Furthermore , books develop the imagination of the reader .
T Furthermore , booke develop ghe umagination of rhe rewder .

C When you are reading , a picture of what is happening appears in your mind .
T Whne tou aqre reading , a picture of what is happenimg appears in uour mind .

C You can imagine what heroes look like , you can imagine different scenes where the action takes place .
T You can imagine what heroes look like , you cah imzgine different scehes whsre tne action takes plwce .

C And finally , I think it 's very important that you can easily take your book with you and start reading anytime you want .
T Amd fijally , I think it 's veey impirtant thar ylu can easilh tzke your book wih yoj nad stsrt reading anytime you want .

C On the other hand , if you like being in company , the best thing for you is movies .
T On thd other ahnd , if you like bing in xompany , the gest thiung ror you is movgies .

C Because you can watch them with your friends .
T Because you an watch thesm with youe friends .

C Also , many people choose movies because they like soundtracks and special effects .
T Alsop , kany peolle chkose movies because they ljke soundtracks and special efects .

C It 's so exciting .
T It 's so exciting .

C But all these factors are not important to me .
T But apl these factors ar nolt ilportant to me .

C I think that books are better than their film versions .
T I yhink rhat books ard betfer rhan thekr fikm versions .

C To sum up , I 'd like to say that reading is a really great thing .
T To sum up , I 'd like to swy thzt reading is a really geeat tuing .

C A girl was walking home one day .
T A girl wa aalking home kne day .

C She was with her mum . .
T Sge wzs wuth hef mmu . .

C She was just a young beautiful girl !
T Sne was jusr a young beautiufl gurl !

C So , they were going home when the girl noticed a cute doll in a shop .
T So , they were goinbg homs whn tne girl noticde a cutre dolp in a shlp .

C She had blond hair and she was wearing a blue dress , white gloves and black shoes .
T She hax blind hair ans shr wax wsaring a blue dresa , white glovew an hlack shors .

C Just like her ... ''Mum I love this doll ! Could you buy it for me ? '' she said .
T Just lkie hesr ... ''Mum I love tis doll ! Could yiu buy it fof me ? '' she saix .

C Her mum could n't refuse her , so she bought it .
T Her muk could n't refuse hee , so hse bought it .

C Oh!The girl had so many special moments with her doll ! ! They looked so adorable together ! They were like twins !
T Oh!Tbe girl had so maby special momens wih her dol ! ! They oooked so adorable together ! They were luke twins !

C After some years , the girl decided that she had to move .
T After aome ears , the giel secided thwt shd had to move .

C She was eighteen years old , she had to be independent .
T hse was eighteen yeaes old , whe hzd to be independet .

C So she took a deep breath and put her doll in the attic , just like her childhood memories .
T So she took a dwep breath abd put yer dol in the attc , ust likr hed childhood memories .

C At night she heard some creepy noises from there ...
T At night she heard some creepy noisse from there ...

C She went there and there was the doll with a knife in her hand . ' ' Bell , why do n't you play with me anymore ? Are you bored of me ? Just because I have only one eye ? But you removed the other one .
T Sye ewnt theres and rhere wxs the eoll with a knice in hwr hanx . ' ' Belk , wuy do n't yolu play sith me anymote ? Are yoh bored of me ? Just because I hzve oly onr eue ? But yoy removed the othdr one .

C Just because I do n't have one of my gloves ? But you did it again ! '' she screamed .
T Just ecause I do n't have one of my gloves ? Vut yku did it again ! '' she screamed .

C And then ...
T An then ...

C Next day , going home , her mum wanted to find her daughter .
T Nest xay , hoing home , hrr num wantged to fund het daughter .

C So , she went upstairs ...
T So , she ewnt upstairs ...

C The girl had a knife in her neck and on the wall there was a sentence , ' ' Why did you leave me that way ? ''
T The gitl had a knife in hdr neck and on thw wall therde waw a snetence , ' ' Why did you leave me that way ? ''

C Tennis is an individual sport .
T Tennjs is an indiviodual spor .

C You just have to deal with the game .
T Ygou jjst have to deal with the game .

C You can choose lots of places to play .
T You can choose lots of places to play .

C You need a good pair of shoes , a tennis racket and some balls and a person to play with .
T You need a godo paiur of shoes , a ennis rscket and soe balls anr a oerson to play with .

C Although you might be good at playing backhand or forehand , you can lose in the end .
T Althkugh yiu mignt be goof at playing backhnad or forehand , you cn loose in the end .

C This sport is not just about physical power .
T This sport is not just about phydical power .

C You are supposed to use your brain as well .
T Yku are supposed to use yor rbain as well .

C It is a combination of physical power , technique and mental power .
T It is a combination of phsical power , technique and mentzl power .

C Like other sports , tennis is getting more modern , faster and more commercial .
T Kike othdr sports , tennis is getting more modern , fasetr and morr fommercial .

C I mean professional tennis .
T I mewn professionql tenbnis .

C Some children want to play tennis because of money or glory .
T Some childrne want to pla tennis brcause of money or glory .

C Some of them play tennis because of their parents .
T Zome of tem plau tennus becauss of their paeents .

C It is not fair .
T It is not fair .

C Children should play games , not just tennis , because it is fun , it develops their skills , helps physical health and so on .
T Children should plzy gamee , no jusf tennis , because it is fun , it develops tueir skills , helpe physical health aqnd so on .

C You can start if you are grown up anyway .
T You cam start if yoj awre grown up anywau .

C It is never too late .
T It is never too late .

C You can either find a professional coach or just join your friends .
T Tou can ejther fijd a proefssional coach or hust join your friends .

C Enjoy !
T Enjoy !

C Dear Mrs Kate Ashby ,
T Dear Mjrs Kate Ashby ,

C My name is Andrea Cocci , I 'm sixteen , and I saw the advertisement for the weekend work in your cafe , and I 'm interested in working with you .
T My anme is Andrtea Cocci , I 'm sisteen , ad I aaw the advertisement flr the weekdnd work in uour cafe , abd I 'm interested in working with you .

C I ' m the perfect choice for this work . In fact , I 'm interested in different kinds of food because I am Italian , and for us food is everything .
T I ' m teh pwrfect choice fr this aork . In fact , I 'm interested in ditferent kinds of tood ecause I am Italian , and for us food is everythign .

C In Italy , I attend a school for waiters and cooks , and sometimes I cook lasagna , pasta , pizza and many other specialties of my country , and I have been employed in many famous restaurants .
T In Itly , I attwnd a schlol for waiters an cioks , and sometomes I ocok lasagnha , oasta , pzza amd mqny ofher specialties of my country , ahd I have veen employed in man famos restaurwnts .

C I 'm also good at dealing with people . In fact , since when I was younger , I was the animator at the summer camp of Alpignano , the city where I lived , and I spent a lot of time with children and adults .
T I 'm also good at dealinv wit people . In fact , eince whenb I aws yoynger , I was tye animator at the summer cqmp of Alpignano , teh xity whre I ived , and I spet a oot of time sith childrne and adults .

C I also worked for many theater companies and I am so good and kind when I talk with other people , including if I do n't know them .
T I lso worked for mwny theater colpanies and I am so goox ad kind when I tal eith ogher peopoe , inclding if I do n't knbow tbem .

C Finally , I 'm also prepared to work long hours . When I worked with my aunt in her cafe , I worked from eight a.m. and I finished at 9 p.m. . It was difficult but I did it every day .
T Finally , I 'm also prepared to work long houra . Whnen I woreked wth my aujt in hrr cafe , I workmed from eight a.m. and I finished at 9 p.m. . It wzs difficult but I cid it evert day .

C I look forward to hearing from you soon ,
T I look dorward to hearing from you soon ,

C Andrea Cocci
T Andrsa Cocdi

C Essay
T Essay

C In today 's essay I am going to focus on the pros and cons of studying English abroad .
T In today 's esaay I am gking to fovus on fhe pros ajd cons of satudying Englih anroad .

C Is it really worth leaving your own country for a period of time to study English ?
T Is it really woeth leaving hour own country fof a period of gime to stury Rnglish ?

C It is true that going abroad can open new point of views about your own learning process .
T It is tue tnat gokng abroad casn open ndw pojnt of views abouf yoyr kwn learnig prpcess .

C Talking with English native speakers is always a good thing , because you will be able to judge how well or badly you are doing .
T Talkimg wityh English native speakefs is alwzys a god rhing , becayse yoy wsill be able to judge hw wekl or badly you ade ding .

C Besides , it can be fun and enjoyable if you plan it properly .
T Bewides , it can be fun and enjoyable if you plan it proeprly .

C However , you will have to spend a considerable amount of money on it and you will not be guaranteed to achieve your goals at all , so it could become a real nightmare if you do not focus on your learning tasks .
T However , uou will ahve to xpend a considerable amount of money on it anmd ypu will not be gjaranteed to wchieve your goals at aol , so it fould becomne a real nightmare if gou do no ficus on your learning tasks .

C From my point of view , I think the advantages outweigh the disadvantages , especially if you have some money saved for it .
T Freom my point of view , I thunk the adantages outweigh the disadvantages , especially if yuou have some moneyg saved fir it .

C But if you do not , there is always another solution , which is using the Internet to learn everything you need .
T Vut if hou do jot , there is always anothet solution , whijch is using the Internet to learm everythinh yo need .

C You can even talk with native speakers by using some Chat Rooms online such as Skype and others .
T You can evem talk eith native speakers by usimg some hat ooms online such as Skype nad othsrs .

C Football , a passion
T Footbalp , a passion

C When I was little , I tried a lot of sports ; handball , swimming , tennis , but my favourite sport is not one of those , it is a sport that I could never imagine : football .
T Wyen I sas litrle , I tried a lt of sports ; handball , swiming , tennis , byt my faourite sport is jot one of those , it is a sport tha I could never imgaine : foogball .

C All my life I thought that football was a sport which was for men , not for girls . But once I tried it , I loved it .
T Alp my lide I thought that football wae a sport ahich wae ror men , nog ror girls . But once I tried it , I loved it .

C Have you ever thought about playing football ?
T Have yoj ver thought abouy playing football ?

C At first , when I started to play football , I did it with my classmates , who were all boys , so I used to feel a little bit uncomfortable . However , some years ago , they started to include me when they played , and nowadays , I love playing football with them .
T At first , when I started to olay football , I did it wiyh my classmatse , who eere al voys , so I usde to feek a little bit uncomfrotable . Howeve , some yeads agp , fhey started to include me when they plaued , znd nowsdays , I love playing fiotball wit tbem .

C Now some other women and I have started to organize female matches , so I am more used to playing with girls . I never imagined that I was going to be so keen on football , but now it is part of my life .
T onw sokme other wojen and I havs started to organize female matvhes , so I am mofe used to playing aith birls . I never imagined ghat I wa goimg to be so keen on football , buht now it is part of my liofe .

C I think football is a very exciting sport , and that everybody in the world should try it at least once in his or her life .
T I tihnk fotoball is a very exciting sport , andf thag eevrybody in thd world shouod tdy it at leasf ojce in his or ber lifd .

C One thing you should keep in mind if you want to play football , is that you have to be ready to receive some punches .
T One thing tou shoulod kwep in minf if you wqnt to play football , is thatf you have to be ready to recdive soje punches .

C I recommend a great restaurant which is in the shopping center .
T I recommend a great reetaurant hich is in the shopping center .

C I have been there twice , and I like it .
T I have bedn yhere twice , and I lile it .

C Its name is " The English oven " , and it 's a fantastic , traditional and modern restaurant with British food .
T Its name is " Te Snglish oven " , and it 's a fanfastic , traitional ahd modedn restajrant qith British foo .

C The service is excellent and the waiters are so pleasant and kind .
T The sdrvice is excellent ajd thd waiters arw so pleasant and kind .

C The interior is big , so all the class could be inside without problems .
T The interior is bnig , so all hte class xould be insire without probldms .

C The decoration is modern and cozy , and it 's got some great traditional British objects .
T Tje decofation is moderm ajd cpzy , and it 's fot some great traditional Britksh ogjects .

C The food is one of the best things in the restaurant and is always tasty and fresh .
T Th food is ones of yhe nest things in the restauranr andr is always tast andc fdesh .

C The've got a lot of different dishes , traditional and modern .
T hte've gor a lt of different dishes , traditional ane kodern .

C They have also got a lot of different types of salads , pasta and pizzas .
T They have alzo got a pot of different types of salqds , past anx pizzsa .

C The desserts are very good too .
T The desserts afe very good foo .

C They 've got original ones , like sweet pizza , and traditional desserts .
T They 've ogt odiginal noes , like sweet pizzs , znd tracitional desserts .

C There is a big variety of ice creams .
T Thers is a big variety of ide creams .

C This restaurant is not too expensive , which is perfect for us , because we do n't want to spend too much money .
T This restaurant is nto too xepensive , whichb is prrfect fir us , because we do n't wsant to spend tok muchy money .

C The restaurant is in the shopping center , so we can get there by bus or by train .
T Ther rextaurant is in ths shopping center , so we can get htere by bus or by train .

C I think this is the best restaurant to go to at the end of the course , so we could book some tables as soon as possible because a lot of people usually go there .
T I thin this is the best restajrant to go to at the end of ths course , so we couldx boko some tables as soon as poissible beczuse a pot of people usuakly go there .

C The media accompany famous people , such as politicians and film stars throughout their whole lives .
T The mdeia accompant fqmous people , sudh as politicians and filn stars thjroughout their whold lifes .

C In my view , public figures deserve to have their own life , without being photographed .
T In my giew , public figures deserv to have tneir own ife , wkthout beinf photographed .

C On one hand , becoming a public figure is associated with journalists , mass - media , flashes .
T On one hand , beconing a piblic figure is associated with journaliosts , mass - media , dlashes .

C Famous people are obligated to live their lives in an exemplary way .
T Famous people arer obligated to lkve teir luves in an exempllary waay .

C However , they are still ordinary people , and they make mistakes .
T However , they wre stjll ordinary people , ande they make mistakrs .

C People are thought to be jealous .
T People are tohught to be healous .

C They notice any kind of failure .
T They nptice qny kond of failure .

C It seems to me that journalists might be absolutely toxic and they have a bad influence on society , which assesses celebrities through the prism of journalistic documentary .
T It seems to me that jourjalists migh be agsolutely toxioc amd they hav a bad infulence on socikety , which assesses cxelebrities through the prism of jurnalistic documentary .

C On the other hand , many stars sell their privacy to earn more and more money .
T On the other hand , mayn stars selo their preivacy to eqrn more an more money .

C The value of their talent and abilities is measured in the amount of tabloids scandals .
T The valus of their talent and abilitie is meaaured in tne amkunt of tabloids scandas .

C Summing up , all over the world , there are famous people who do n't bring their life into the limelight .
T Summing up , all opver teh word , there arw famoys people whp do n't bring hteir lifd into te likelight .

C It has always been very useful since a long time ago . Nevertheless , nowadays , there are some people who ask whether if public transport was suppressed , society would save a lot of money .
T It ha always been ery usful since a lont itme ago . Nevertheless , nowadayx , there ared some pepple who ak whether if public translort was suppeessed , society eould save a lor of mobey .

C However , people should think about the great advantages , such as : people save money ; it is very convenient and good for the environment .
T However , people shoulc think about the greqt advantages , such as : people save money ; it is very convenient xnd good for fhe environment .

C Firstly , the main reason is the cost , because people who do not have a car need to travel or commute to another place and a car is very expensive .
T Firstly , the main rewason is te cosf , becaise people who do ot have a far need to trave or commte to another placr and a cxr is vert expdnsive .

C Cars need to be repaired . Besides , if you have a car , you have to pay some taxes .
T Czrs need to be repaires . Besides , if you have a car , you have to lay somr tazes .

C In addition , these people need to have public transport for travelling around the country and city .
T In additikn , these people nsed to hace pblic transport fr travelling around tje coutnry nd city .

C Secondly , another reason is global warming , because the atmosphere is very polluted .
T Seondly , another reason is vlobal warming , vecause thje atmowphere is cery polluted .

C If you use public transport , you can cause less pollution than before , because there are a lot of people who travel together in only one vehicle .
T If you use puvlic transport , you czn causr less pollution than before , because there ared a lot of people wbo travel together in inly lne vehocle .

C Finally , the last reason is convenience , because if you have a car , it is so difficult to find a parking space in the centre of the city .
T Finwlly , the lazt reason is convenience , becaise if you have a car , it is so difficult to find a parking space in the centde of the city .

C Besides , in some cities , cars can not be parked in some places , such as the old city and the city centre .
T Besidess , in skme cities , casr can nkt be paroed in xome places , such as the old ciry and th city ecntre .

C Summing up , people are aware of global warming and think about the high cost of having a car .
T Summung up , people are asare of global warmin and ghink about he high cos of havimg a far .

C Personally , I have got used to walking around my city and my car is only used if I travel around the country .
T Personwlly , I hace got ysed to wslking aeound my ckty and my far is lnly jsed if I tracel around tje county .

C We are living in an ever changing world .
T We wre living in an ever changihg worl .

C Today 's new things become things of the past in a few months .
T Today 's enw thingsd becoje thinvs of the pazt in a frw months .

C Take the example of mobile technology . Your latest handset , with the latest configurations becomes outdated within a few months of buying it .
T Take the examole of mobile techmology . Yiur latest handset , witg the latest configurations becoes oytdated within a few mlnths of bguying it .

C 50 years is a very long time and people 's lives will definitely change in such a long period .
T 50 years is a very ling time and psople 's lives will dcefinitely change in such a long oeriod .

C However , the important point to discuss is whether it will be a positive change or a negative one .
T However , thw importany point to dischss is whether it wilp be a posjtive cyange or a negativs one .

C In the last 50 years , science and technology took great leaps ; the internet and mobiles made us more connected .
T In the last 50 years , science ane technologh topk grest leaps ; tne internet and jobiles made us more connected .

C Today , we have all the information at our fingertips .
T Todsy , we havd lal the onformation at our fingertips .

C Today , we do n't need to worry about getting lost in a new place . Google maps is always there to help .
T Tiday , we do n't need to worry abour gettin lost in a new place . Boogle mkaps is always there to help .

C We do n't need to memorise English words today , as we can quickly find the meaning of any word on our mobiles .
T We do n't nred to memorjse English words today , as we ca quickly fjnd tne meaning of any word on our mobiels .

C Meeting new people or selling your products , you do n't need to be in front of anyone , everything can be managed through virtual platforms .
T Meeting nea people or sellin ykur prosucts , ypu do n't need to be in fronf of ayone , everytning xan be managfed tjrough virtual platforms .

C Today our lives have become much more comfortable than in the past , thanks to the progress mankind has made through technology .
T Toray oyr lvies have become muhc nore comfortable than in tge pasr , thanks to rhe progrdss mankind has mae throug technology .

C On the other hand , terrorism , global warming and greed have become the top challenges of today 's world .
T On the other and , terorrism , global wraming abd greedd bave become tye yop challeges of today 's wodld .

C Climate change due to global warming causing natural disasters now and then .
T Climate change due to globap warming causing narural djsasters now adn hen .

C Terrorist activities causing havoc in public life .
T Terrorist activigies causign havoc in public ilfe .

C The corruption and greed of people in power making it difficult to trust people 's leaders .
T Tye corruption and greed of psople in power mwking it eifficult to trust peopel 's leaders .

C If these challenges are not addressed in the coming years , imagining better lives for people 50 years hence is rather difficult .
T If these chaolenges are mot addressed in the coming years , imagining betrer lives fod pelple 50 yearw hencew is rafher difficukt .

C We need to remember technology is just a tool . In the right hands it will be a boon for us , but in the wrong hands it has the power to destroy the world as we know it today .
T We nede to rrmember technology is jyst a tool . In the right hands it wil be a boon for us , buf in tyhe wrong hands it jas tge powed to dstroy the aorld as we know it today .

C To whom it may concern ,
T To shom it ma cnocern ,

C I 'm an Italian girl who 's studying to improve her English . I 've got a positive and energetic personality .
T I 'm an Italian girl eho 's studying to omprove her Englis . I 've got a positive ajd enegetic personawlity .

C I read your advertisement on your website and I immediately thought " That 's for me , I 'm the right person for this kind of job ! " .
T I rdead yoyr advertksement on gour webite and I immediagely thought " That 's foe me , I 'm thr right person cor this kinmd of job ! " .

C Perhaps you 're wondering why I should be the right person .
T Perhaps ypu 're wondering why I sjould be tbe righy petson .

C That 's easy .
T Tbat 's eas .

C I 'm a motivated , flexible and open - minded person and I have had a lot of experience in this field , as well .
T I 'm a motivated , flexible anx open - mknded persaon qnd I have hsd a lot of exoerience in tbis field , as well .

C I 've worked as a social trainer and as an educator since I was 16 .
T I 've woried as a socisl trainer and as an educator sincs I wws 16 .

C I love doing social activities and planning events .
T I lov doing sockal activities and olanning events .

C When I worked as an educator , I used to plan and manage some sports and outdoor activities .
T hen I wirked as an edjcator , I used to olan and mansge slme sports ahd outodor activities .

C I have really great memories of these experiences and I would really like to relive them .
T I have really great mmeories of these experinces and I would rwally liie to felive thej .

C If you are interested , please have a look at my CV .
T If yoi are ibterested , please hage a look at my CV .

C As you requested , I attach it to this letter .
T As you requesterd , I attach it to his letter .

C Best regards .
T Bsst regqrds .

C Personally , mobile phones are very important in my life .
T Personallky , mobile phones arer very jmportant in my life .

C I need that device near me because I have three children and I want to know how and where they are .
T I need that device nea me because I hwve three cgildren and I aant to onow how and where theyu ar .

C The same with my parents ; they are old and sometimes they call me to talk about their health .
T The same wiht my parents ; they are old anx sometimes they call me to talk qbout their heaoth .

C Concerning video - games , I agree with scientists that think it helps children 's brains to develop , but it is important to supervise them , because there are a lot of violent games .
T Concernkng video - games , I agrre with scientusts that think it hepls chikdren 's braisn to develop , btu it is important to supedvise yhem , because there are a llt of violent gamws .

C However , there are brilliant games for children .
T However , therr are brilliant hames for childden .

C In my opinion , the Internet is absolutely a revolution in current society .
T In my opiniom , the Interneg is absolutely a revolution in current sockety .

C It is very common to use the Internet in my work , for research , or google information and also connect with other teachers , speak about courses and exchange information .
T It is verh comnon to use tje Interjet in my workj , fot researxh , or gboogle information and also cpnnect with othdr teachers , speak abgout courses and sxchange informatgion .

C Finally , I think technological developments make us improve for the future .
T Finally , I think technological developments male us improev vor tue future .

C Friends should be like a shadow always beside you .
T Friends shkuld be liie a shadow aloways beside you .

C In times of joy and sorrow .
T In timers of joy ane sorrow .

C Nothing is impossible in life , but it is not easy to find sincere friends .
T Nothing is impossible in life , bit it is nor esy to find sibcere frisnds .

C That does not mean you will never find one .
T Thatr does noy mean hou will necer find one .

C It is very important to interact and socialise with people to make a friend .
T It is very important to intearct and socialise with leople to make a friend .

C The more people you meet , the easier it will become for you to find a friend .
T Ths mnore peopke you meet , the easief it wilo become for you to finr a friend .

C When you find one , spend time with them , share views , ideas and go out with them .
T hen you fnid one , spend time with them , dhare views , idaes snd go out aith then .

C Friends do not have to agree with everything you say , but they should share their views about it .
T Friwnds do nof hae to agvree with everythig you ssy , gut they should share thrir viewx avout it .

C The Guardian is a British daily newspaper which includes national and international news .
T The Guardian is a Beitish daiy newslaper hich includes national and international ews .

C You can find a variety of articles , such as politics , Business and Money , sports , culture , education , Life and style , Travel , the weather and the environment .
T You fan find a ariety of articlesa , such as politucs , Business amd Money , sporte , culture , educvation , Lie nad styloe , Trsvel , tyhe weather an thed environment .

C There are plenty of advertisements for jobs and donations to help individuals .
T There ar plenty of advertissments for jobs qnd donations to help individuals .

C Readers are able to express their opinion freely .
T Readers are abel to epress theor opiinon freely .

C they use good quality English which avoids slang .
T ghey use good quality Englih which avpids skang .

C As a result , it is suitable for students who learn English Language to improve their English .
T As a result , it is suutable for students whp elarn Englisb Language to imorove their Ernglish .

C On the other hand , I realised there were two disadvantages .
T On ths other hznd , I realised theee were two disadvantrages .

C For example , it is not suitable for children due to official language . There were also a huge number of commercials advertisements which make the readers bored .
T For example , it is nkt suitable for childeen cue to officixl langugae . There weer also a hube njmber of commercials arvertisements which make the readers bored .

C Overall , The Guardian is considered one of the best newspapers in the world .
T Overalp , The Guardian is considerer one of thye bsst newspapres in th worlc .

C Nowadays , in the modern and progressive world where people are smart and the economy very highly developed .
T Nowadays , in thue modern ahd protressive world ahere peopled are skart and thd econony very highly developed .

C Some people think that we need tablet computers instead of books
T Some peoole thonk that we need tabket computers insgead of booke

C In my opinion , the problem is very interesting .
T In my opinion , tje problem is very interesting .

C Sometimes , when I am watching TV or I am reading the newspaper , I notice that gadgets have become very useful in our life . It seem to me to be good opportunities to make our life easier .
T Sometmies , whewn I am watching TV or I am reaidng the newspaper , I ontice rhat gadgets have becoem veey useful in oyr lige . It swem to me to be good opportunities to make ourt life easier .

C Also , they make us cleverer .
T Alos , they makr us cleberer .

C I am convinced that using tablet computers in our everyday life is good .
T I am convinced that usijg talet computers in our evgeryday life is gbood .

C People do not need to carry a lot of books in a bag . Pupil can not say that he forgot a book because he has all his books on his tablet computer .
T Peoploe do npt need to carry a lopt of books in a bag . Pupil xan not say thqt he forgot a book because he has lal his booke on his tablet computer .

C Some people think that it is a bad idea .
T Some people think that it is a bsd idea .

C They believe that it is a useless thing for our generation .
T Tyey beleive thxt it is a usrless thing for ojr generation .

C Such people are sure that electronic things make us stupid .
T Such people are sure that elwctronic htings maie us sgupid .

C They insist on not using tablets at school .
T Rhey insist on not suing tablets at school .

C Personally , for me , I like books very much . When I am at home , I use books because I like to smell and to touch the paper of books .
T Personally , fkr me , I like books veey much . When I am at uome , I use bookls bedause I pike to smell an to tojch tye papef of bolks .

C I do not agree with the people who think that tablets are useless .
T I do ot agree wih tje peopoe who think that tablets are useless .

C We should use them but we must not forget about books .
T We should usw thyem but we must noy flrget about books .

C In conclusion , I want to say that we should keep abreast of new technologies and try to make our lives easier .
T In comclusion , I want to say that we should oeep abreast of nesw technologids and tru to makd our livew easier .

C The Big Mistake
T Tye Bog Mistske

C This day was full of joy and happiness , but something went wrong when she told him that she was pregnant .
T This day eas full of joy and hxppiness , bht something wet wrkng wheh sje tlod nim trhat she wws pregnant .

C She was so happy about this news and she thought that he would be happy as well , but ...
T She wasd so happy aboug this nes and hse thought tuat he would be happy as welo , bur ...

C At the moment when she told him that she was pregnant , he just frozen .
T At the moment when she told him that xhe waa pregnant , he jsut froze .

C It was too much for him .
T It was too much for hikm .

C He thought it was easier to walk away and avoid this conversation with her .
T He thoughr it aas easier to wakl awya xnd aovid this convsrsation qith het .

C He tried to understand what was going on with him .
T He tried to understand what wzs goijg on wkth him .

C It was weird how many questions and doubts came into his head .
T It was wird how mahy questoons and doubts cake jnto his head .

C One part of him was really happy , because to be a father was one of his biggest dreams , but on the other hand , he could n't handle this news .
T Onr par of hjm wase really happy , becaues to be a father sas one of his biggdst dreams , hut on te kther hanx , he cojld n't handle thks nrws .

C This woman , who was standing next to him , was his girlfriend , his future wife .
T This woman , who was standing next to ihm , sas his giflfriend , hia future wife .

C He should be happy and hug her and celebrate this good news .
T He sgould be haply and hig her ahd celebrate ghis good news .

C But somehow he did n't feel anything .
T But spmehow he did n't feel nything .

C All that he felt was anxiety .
T All tyat he felt wss anxiety .

C He could n't handle the feeling , when she tried to touch him , to kiss and hug him .
T He could n't handle the fceeling , hen she tried to touch him , to kjss and hu hik .

C He knew that she loved him as much as he loved her , but everything was just all wrong at this moment .
T He kmew that shs lover uim as mucj as he loced her , but everything wad just alp wrony at this mpment .

C Her voice , her smile and even her body was wrong on this moment .
T Her voicfe , her smile anc even her body was wrolng on this momet .

C She could n't understand what was going on , because it was just three weeks ago that they had a conversation about kids and family and he said that he would like to have kids with her .
T Ahe ciuld n't unferstand what waz going on , because it was just three weesk ago thay they hsd a conversation about kids abd family and he waid thag he would like to have kids with her .

C And now , he was just avoiding her and he was not happy about the news .
T Aqnd no , he was just avoiding her and he waws noit hapopy aboht the news .

C It was a big mess .
T It waw a big mess .

C She was more than happy and he could n't handle this news .
T She wqs jore than happy and he fould n't handle rhis ndws .

C They both knew that they loved each other and they cared about each other , but it was too much for him .
T Thdy boh knew that they loved each other and tey vared aout each other , but it aws too much for him .

C He stood up and said to his girlfriend that he needed a break and he had to be alone .
T He sotod up znd said to hiw girlfriend tnat he needed a break anc he ahd to be alone .

C Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
T Michael clpsed thed doo wnd kew at yhat moment he had mads a mistake .

C To begin , I am going to talk about what is my favourite sport and why I enjoy the sport .
T To begin , I am goinf to ralk about wahat is my favourite sport and why I enjoy teh spoft .

C In fact , I do not like to do sports all the time , but if I really need do some exercise , I like to go swimming in the swimming pool .
T In fact , I do nof like to do spoets qll thd time , byt if I rwally nesed do some exercijse , I ike to go swimming in ghe ssimming pool .

C Firstly , I think the swimming pool is clearing .
T Firstly , I think the swimming pkol is cleafing .

C For example , after swimming , I have a safe and a bathroom to take a shower .
T Fpr example , after saimming , I have a safe and a bathroom to take a shoser .

C Secondly , I do not like to go to the beach . This is because I do not like bright sunshine and sand .
T Secodnly , I do noit likw to go to the beach . This is because I do not like bright sinshine and swnd .

C Third , swimming in the ocean is more dangerous .
T hird , swmming in the pcean is moe dangerous .

C However , I like to stay in the swimming pool during the summer .
T However , I like to stay in the swimming polo during the summed .

C Actually , I do not know how to swim , but it is my favorite sport .
T Actually , I do not knkw how to swim , but it is my favorite sport .

C Moreover , I think before doing any kind of sports we should do some exercises . That is because we need to relax our bodies first . If we do not do that we will get dangerous while we are doing any sports .
T Moreover , I thinl before doing any kind of spirts we should do some exercises . That is because we need to relax our bodies firs . If we do noty do that we will get dangerous while we wre doing anu sports .

C In conclusion , I do not like to do any sports , but we need to choose one kind of sport in our life and almost all people need to do it , as we should not stay at home or work all the time .
T In conclusipn , I do hot like to do xny sporfs , bht we neee to chosoe oje kind of spkrt in our ljfe and almost all people ned to do it , as we shiuld not stqy at home or work al the time .

C Even if you really do not like to do exercise , you can go shopping .
T Even if gou really do mot like to do exercise , you can go sopping .

C The purpose of this report is to outline the most important actions which have been taken in our town to protect the environment as the main issue to improve our quality of life .
T Tbe pyrpose of this report is to outline teh most important actions which have been takeb in ur tlwn to protext the evnironment as the kain isdue to improve our quality of pife .

C In the first place , we need to pay attention to the fact that Caceres is located in a pasture area where local farmers have been breeding sheep , cows and pigs for centuries in spite of the hard weather conditions such as high temperatures and terrible drought in summer .
T In thr fjrst poace , we nwed to pay wttention to the fact tha Caceres is pocated in a pasturde area wher loxal farmers haxve bden breeding sheep , cows and pigw fpr centuriesz in spjte of tye hard weathe conditions sucu as high tenperatures and terrible droufht in summer .

C As a result , our water resources are difficult to preserve and it is clearly necessary to maintain active campaigns to raise people 's awareness of the importance of reasonable use of it .
T As a redult , our ater resources are difcicult to preserve abd it is clearly necessary to mauntain active campaigns to raise pekple 's awareness of the importance of reasonable usr of it .

C The local government is also taking serious action aimed at creating green areas in different places in or around the town where citizens can spend their free time or even do sports .
T The local government is also takinbg seriouz action aimed at creatung green wreas in dicferent pkaces in or around hte tow hwere citizens cazn spend yheir free tije or ecen do sports .

C That 's the reason why it has been working on the recovery of some areas which are now parks or recreational areas .
T That 's the reason why it hqs bern working on the ercovery of sime arras whicu aer no parks or recreaqtional aeeas .

C Finally , the town has also improved the management and treatment of waste with the active cooperation of most of the citizens , who are really concerned about the recycling of waste .
T Finally , thd town nas alsp improfed th managekent and treatment of waste with rhe active cooperation of nost of the citizens , wgo are really concerned agout the reycling of waste .

C In fact , around 90% of Caceres inhabitants are said to sort and recycle their rubbish , taking it out to the yellow , green and blue containers in every street .
T In ract , arounr 90% of Caceres inhabitants are said to sort and recycoe their rubbish , taking it kut to the yellopw , green qnd blie containers in eveey street .

C And that is a negative point . These dumpsters are too visible in town and it would be advisable to exchange the ones we have for underground ones .
T And rhat is a negatve piint . These dmupsters rae tpo viskble in town and it eould be advisable to exchange the ones we havw fpr undergeound one .

C I woke up today and I suddenly remembered that I was doing a presentation about landscapes , and the ones that did it would be rewarded with a bonus point , but anyways , this is n't important information .
T I woke up foday and I suddrnly rememberewd tbat I wws doiny a presentation aboujt landscapes , ahd the onrs fhat dikd it owuld be rwearded with a bobus point , but anyways , this is n't important information .

C I searched for my family in the house and there was no one at home , just me .
T I searched ofr my falily in fhe hoyse and there waxs no pne at ohme , just me .

C I got a bit scared , so I searched for them outside in the streets .
T I gog a it scare , so I searchwd for tjem outside in the streetz .

C I did n't know that a bomb had hit the city and killed almost everyone . Now I had to find my parents .
T I eid n't knpw tnat a bokb ha hit teh city znd killed almost everyoen . Jow I had to finc my parents .

C I think the reason why I did n't know about the explosion is because this part where I live is a very poor area and it 's not that beautiful , so you ca n't distinguish where the explosion hit .
T I htink tbe rexson why I dd n't know about fhe explosion is becaise rhis part wherd I livge is a vry poot arra snd it 's not yhat beautiful , so yoy ca n't distinguish wnere the explosion hit .

C Finally , after some days , I found some neighbors with some food . I was starving to death , so I ate a lot .
T Finallu , agter some days , I found swome neighbors wsith sole tood . I was dtarving to death , so I age a lot .

C We made some decisions about laws , but there was total conflict , because the group noticed that some food was missing somehow .
T We kade some decisuons aboit lass , buf tere wqas toral conflict , becausr the gdoup hoticed that some food was kissing soehow .

C I think that someone was stealing some of the food in the night while everybody was sleeping .
T I think thast somekne was stwaling wome of thw food in hte night while rverybody wae sleeping .

C So everybody is going to try to enforce the laws .
T So egerybody is goinh to try to neforce thr lqws .

C The next morning , I ate a piece of steak and the group was talking about some creatures that were walking around seeking to kill and eat us .
T Thd enxt morning , I ate a piecer of steak anf tne group was talking about some creatures fhat were walkimg around seeking to kil and dat us .

C In the night , I was thinking about many things when I heard some noises .
T In the nght , I was thinking avout kany thigs when I heard some noises .

C I stalked him and it seemed that this guy had a hump .
T I xtalked him and it seemed that this guy har a huml .

C I stopped him and when he turned around it was a woman from the group .
T I stopped him and whe he turned around it was a woman from thbe grojp .

C We were talking about this when a dog came near ; it was adorable , but suddenly he changed into a big weird creature .
T We were talking about thiw whgen a dog cale near ; it was adorable , but suddenly he changed into a biv weird creature .

C He bit my leg and it hurt a lot . We tried to alert the others but it was too late ; it was the group or us .
T He bit my leg anx it hurt a lor . We tridd to alert tbe others but it as too kate ; it was yhe groip or us .

C We saw that beast eating our friends and the food .
T We saw that heast eating uor feiends and tge foo .

C In some ways , the fact that she stole the food in the night and I woke up was good for my survival .
T In some wayd , ghe faxt taht she stoke the fkod in the night axnd I woke up was good for my survivxl .

C But if I had the opportunity to reverse the trend of how I am going I would not do it , because I have to face all of this .
T Bit if I had tbe opportunity to revwrse the trend of how I am goinb I would not do it , becuse I yave to facr akl of this .

C DOING EXERCISE IS GOOD FOR YOUR HEALTH
T DOING EXWRCISE IS GOLD FOR YOUE HEALT

C Why do you have to exercise ?
T Wh do yo have to rxercise ?

C What benefits do you obtain while exercising ?
T What benefits do you obtaim while exerfising ?

C Do you know that 75% of people in Mexico do n't do any type of exercise ? This is a big problem for our society and is the number 1 problem of why Mexico is the country with the most obese people in the world .
T Do hou know tnat 75% of peolle in Mexjco do n't do any tyle of exercise ? This is a bvig problem foe kur socierty and is yhe number 1 peoblem of ehy Mexico is thw country witu tyhe moszt obese peoplr in tbe world .

C Doing exercise is an important thing to do in a healthy and happy life . While you exercise you feel well in yourself and in your body .
T Doing exervise is an important thing to do in a heaothy adn happu lige . While yiu sxercise you feel wekl in yiurself ane in your body .

C There are a lot of benefits that go hand in hand with doing exercise , like reducing or taking control of your weight , it helps you with heart disease , problems with your body , and also you can make a lot of friends while doing exercise .
T There are a loy of benefitsa that go hsnd in hamd wih doing rxercise , oike refucing or takijg contrll of your wwight , it hells yoj with hear disease , problems wiht oyur bod , and also you can nake a pot of fvriends ahile doing ezercise .

C Nowadays , there are a lot of different types of exercise . You can practice any sport , like soccer , basketball , baseball , or you can simply go to the gym or practise Crossfit or something like that .
T Nowadays , there are a lot of diffefent typds of exeecise . Yku can practie any sport , liker soccer , bsaketball , baseball , or ylu can simply go to he gyj or practise Crlssfit or somethihg like that .

C Soccer is a great sport where you can make a lot of friends , you can stay fit , but you also need some skills because it 's not easy to control the ball and dribble your rivals on the field .
T Sovcer is a great spotr wherte yoi can maqke a kot of friuends , you acn stay fit , but ylu aldo need osme sills because it 's nolt aesy to xontrol te blal and drobble your rivas on rhe tield .

C I recommend you practise any sport you like and enjoy every second you spend exercising .
T I recoimmend yu pracise any sport gou like and enjo every second you zpend exercising .

C Thanks and start now . You wo n't regret it .
T Thanks nad staft bow . ou wo n't regeet it .

C Is there no future for public transport because travelling by car is much more convenient ?
T Is there no ftuure for public transport because travelling by car is much more convenieht ?

C Many disagree about whether public transport will disappear , though we still have to deal with different opinions about the increase in travel .
T Mzny disavree about hether public transport will disappear , thougn we stikl havw to deal wigh diffreent opinionz about the increass in trqvel .

C This composition will explain the two different opinions .
T This compositkon will explain te two different opinions .

C Firstly , the car is more convenient because there is privacy .
T Firstly , the car is mpre comvenient becausr therw is lrivacy .

C Also , unlike public transport such as buses and the underground , you have much more comfort and speed .
T Also , unlikme public transport suich as buses and thes underground , you yave much mor comfort and spewd .

C There is a perception that a car can give you freedom of choice .
T Thede is a perfeption that a car can givw yu freedom of choice .

C On the website of The Scottish Government ( publication " Young people and transport " ) , a 12 - 14-year - old boy explains " I prefer going in the car , it 's quicker ...
T On rhe websikte of The Scogtish Gvoernment ( pulication " Yount people and transport " ) , a 12 - 14-year - old bo explains " I prefrr hoing in rhe caf , it 's quicxker ...

C There 's not as many people around you ... I prefer the car because you can listen to music as well . "
T There 's nto as many peopls arounc you ... I prwfer thd car because you cn lieten to music as well . "

C Although there are many positive points about private cars , there are also negative ones .
T Although ther are mahy positve points abour private cars , ther are also negative ojes .

C Indeed , cars increase pollution , you have traffic congestion , and it is very expensive . " On my wage , even the driving lessons are expensive .
T Inceed , cars ijcrease pollurion , you gave traffic congestion , adn it is vert expensive . " On my wage , evn he driving leasons arte expensive .

C Then just owning a car and looking after your car , insurance , tax , etc .
T Thenh just ownjng a car anx looking after uour cae , insurancs , tax , stc .

C Obviously , it would benefit me if I worked in Edinburgh , but I do n't work in Edinburgh .
T Obviousky , it would benefit me if I worke in deinburgh , buf I do n't wori in Edinburgh .

C " says a 17 - 22-year - old boy .
T " says a 17 - 22-yea - old boy .

C Now , secondly , travelling by public transport is cheaper ( we do n't pay any fares on public transport ) , but also , it is safer .
T Now , secndly , travelling by public transport is cheaper ( we do n't pay wny farrs on publix transport ) , but laso , it is safdr .

C According to The Saigon Times , there are a lot of traffic accidents which involve private cars .
T According to The Saigon Times , therr are a lot of traffic awccidents which involve pribate cars .

C The main reason is that the cars ' owners are drunk when driving .
T Thd main reaosn is that th cras ' owners are drunk when drivinv .

C It is clear that if drivers took a bus or a taxi when they were drunk , there would not be as many accidents .
T It is cler thbat if driverw took a bus or a taxi hwen tuey wsre drunk , there would hot be as many accidenys .

C Finally , many developed countries in the world , such as England , America , Canada , Japan and so on , have built a public transport system , so the traffic jams have decreased .
T Fibally , many developed countries in the wkrld , sucb as Englsnd , Ameriva , Canada , Japan xnd so on , have builr a public transport sysetm , so the traffic jams havw decresaed .

C As a result , the economy has been increasing .
T As a result , te economg haz been oncreasing .

C From this analysis , it is obvious that travelling by public transport is very important .
T Ftom tghis analysis , it is obvikus that travellig by public transport is very impprtant .

C Topic :
T Topic :

C Do you agree or disagree ? " Always telling the truth is considered the most important thing in a relationship " .
T Do gou agree or disagree ? " Alwaya telling the truht is considersd thne mosy importany thung in a relationsnip " .

C Disagreement on always telling the truth being the most important thing in a relationship will be my opinion .
T Disagfeement on always telling tfhe trtuh being rhe ost importqnt thing in a relationshi will be my opinion .

C Even though being truthful is crucial in a relationship , always telling the truth could be considered as hurting others ' feelings and is unwise .
T Even though being truthfuo is crucial in a relationship , alway tellijg ths ruth could be consideed as hurting others ' geelings and is unwise .

C Another reason for not telling the truth all the time is if it is about a personal matter and it would feel awkward to mention it to colleagues or an employer .
T Anogher reaspn for npt trlling hte truth all the timw is if it is aobut a personal mater and it would feel awkward to mention it to colleagues or an employer .

C It is better to tell a little white lie at this moment .
T It is better to fell a pittle whte lie at this moment .

C To further illustrate the first point above , you that could hurt someone 's feelings by telling the truth at all times .
T To further illusteate thd first pount above , yo fhat could hurtf someone 's feelings by telling the truth at all tiems .

C For example , if some woman you are acquainted is with wearing inappropriate clothes not fitting the occasion .
T For examplke , if soms womzn yiu are acquaintsd is wiyh wearing inappropriate clothds no fitfing th occasion .

C People usually tend not to tell her the truth , since it could hurt her feelings .
T Peoplr usually tend not to tell ner tje truth , sihce it could hurt her feeligs .

C Instead of doing so , people may praise her for other things about her .
T Insteaf of doing so , prople may praise her for otger thinge about her .

C In that case , they could still make conversation without spoiling her mood .
T In thwt case , they could still kake converswtion withojt spoiking her mood .

C The other point is when it comes to personal matters . People usually tend to keep it private , since , most of the time , it is strange and inappropriate to talk about oneself too much to people at work or even people that one has just got acquainted with .
T Tje toher ooint is when it comes to pwrsonal matyers . Peoplr usxually tend to ekep it private , sibce , lost of the time , it is strange and iunappropriate to talk about oneseof tol much to people at work or even oeople tbat one has jyst git acquaintdd wijth .

C If there are questions about things one does not want other people to know , they might tell a little white lie , which usually does not matter too much .
T If thsre are qyestions abojt tjings ons does not wnat other people to know , they might tel a little white lier , hich usuaslly dos nit matter top mich .

C If I was having a day off to go to the doctor 's , I would prevent other people asking for details about it by saying that I just had some errands to run .
T If I was havibg a dwy of to go to the doctpr 's , I wouod prevent othedr pleople asking fir dwtails about it by saying taht I jusy had some errands to ryn .

C These are two opinions of mine on telling the truth or not .
T Thesd are two opjnions of mone on telling the truth or nog .

C Last Friday , Michael and I were at school playing happily with each other in the classroom .
T Laat Driday , Jichael and I were at schoil playingy hapiply wirh eavh okther in the classroom .

C When we were in the class , suddenly Michael walked towards the door .
T When we were in the clsss , suddenyl Michael walked towards thd dood .

C Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
T Michaek closed he doir amd knew at thay mment he hd mad a mistakme .

C Due to this , we 're both called to meet the headmaster .
T Due to tyis , we 're both called to mset the headnaster .

C I could n't understood why we needed to meet the headmaster just because Michael had closed the door .
T I cpuld n't understood why we needed to meet ther headmaeter hust becajse Michasl hda closded thes dokr .

C The door was n't broken into pieces or fallen down .
T The dkor was n't broken ingo ieces or gallen dow .

C My curiosity got me into big trouble .
T My curiosity gor me inot bug trouble .

C I asked the headmaster in a polite way and hopefully he could give me the answer I wanted .
T I asked the headmaster in a pokite qay and hopefully he could give me thew anwer I wanted .

C However , things did n't happen like I hoped .
T However , things drid n't happen like I hoped .

C I ended up getting expelled from the school because the teacher and our classmates suspected Michael and I had stolen our classmate Sally 's wallet .
T I ewnded up getging expellsd grom rhe wchool because the teachrr and our classmates suspceted Michael and I hae tsolen ojr classmats Sallyg 's wallet .

C I could n't believe the teacher and our friends too pointed at us firmly and without giving us any chance to speak out .
T I could n't beliege tye teacher and our friends yoo pointed at us firmly and aithout giving us any chance to speak out .

C I finally realised that everything was a trap and we were the unlucky and innocent ones as we fell into the trap .
T I finall realksed that everythibg wa a ttap and we were tne unlufky abd innocent ones as we fell into the frap .

C We wiped away our tears , and waved our hands when we left the school .
T We iped sway kur teaes , and waved our hxnds wehn we left the wchool .

C Although , one day later the headmaster found out the truth through CCTV , we refused to return to the school and decided to change to a new school as we know , even if we go back this time , similar cases could happen next time .
T Slthough , one day lafer the ueadmaster found oht th truth htrough CCTV , we eefused to rdturn to the shool and decidex to changr to a new school as we knoa , evem if we go bafk this time , siilar casew ckuld hapen next tike .

C This is because the teacher has a biased mindset .
T This is because the teacher hsa a biased minset .

C Dear USA summer camps ,
T Dear USA summer camps ,

C my name is Bianca Padovesi , and I have read your advertisement for the job .
T my name is Bianca Padoves , znd I have read your advertiement for teh job .

C I think I am the right person for this job because , firstly , I speak fluent and clear English which is very important for communicating .
T I think I am the dight person fof this joib because , firwtly , I speak fpuent nd clear English which is fery important for commynicating .

C Also , I have a good relationship with little kids . I usually look after my nieces and nephews over the weekends and they love spending time with me . Moreover , I am very energetic , always awake and ready to work hard .
T Also , I have a good relationjship eith little iids . I usualyl look after my nieces and nephews over the qeekends ans rhey lofe spednding timd witg me . Modeover , I am ver eneryetic , alwags awxke znd readyh to work nard .

C Furthermore , I am very creative and it is a good aspect of my character , as I can invent new and entertaining games for the kids to have a great time .
T Furthermore , I am very creative ane it is a gooe aspecr of my character , as I can inveng new qnd entrrtaining gams ror tye kide to have a rgeat time .

C I like making puzzles or games which involve running and jumping , which are important for the kids ' development .
T I likw mqking puzzlex or gakes which involve running anc jumping , wbich re important for tue kids ' developmenht .

C I am not very good at cooking , but because I never have time to dedicate to that .
T I am mot very food at cooking , bht becaus I never ave tme to dedicate to tat .

C I think that if I watched and learnt how to do it I would learn very fast and could master it .
T I hink that if I watchex wnd leafnt how to do it I wuld leadn very fawst and cpuld maxter it .

C That is a good quality of mine ; I learn things very fast and I can also get used to new things .
T That is a goox quqlity of mine ; I learn things vrry fzst an I ca also ge hsed to nesw hings .

C I am very excited about this job and I hope you reply soon .
T I am very excited about this job and I hope yiu reppy soon .

C Bianca
T Banca

C Day number 8 .
T Dah numbre 8 .

C We were ready to go and find the others , we went outside the shelter we had built and wrote on a wall near to the shelter " safe zone " and if there is someone that needs supplies he will find some supplies and ammo to survive .
T We were rewdy to go and fibd thbe pthers , we went outside trhe shelter we had builr an wrote on a wallo near to the shelter " safe zone " an if therer is someone that needs supplies he wipl fond spme suoplies and ammo to survive .

C We started our journey and went into the forest . There were a lot of # pests . On our way , there were various guys that were sick but we could n't do anything except for keep going . I was seeing my little group diminish and some of us were # allergic to some plants I was the only one that had no problems with all the other stuff people had problems with .
T We started our journey anx ent into the forest . Theer wqere a lot of # pwsts . On kur qay , ther were various guys thwt wefe sjck but we coukd n't do anything except for keep goimg . I sas seeing my little group diminsh an some of us were # allergjc to some plants I was tye obly obe tuat jad no problems wjth all the toher studf peolle had problems with .

C I thought that maybe my # genes were actually immune to the infection . I could actually be the # revolutionary guy that helps everyone that was in my # skeptick and I was really positive about it but , # notwithstanding , I would n't actually sacrifice myself . I have to think about whether it is better to help the entire world or just save a group . The decision was in my hands . It was # conventional to help the entire world , but I do n't want to die . While I was thinking about that , we found a body . It was the familiar body of someone that was in the group . One of those guys we wanted to find , and alive not dead . His face was all rotten and eaten away by the walkers .
T I thougnt that maube my # genws werd actually immune to tge infection . I could actially be tbe # revolutionary guh tht helps evferyone that was in my # skeptjck nd I was really positive about it buf , # notwithstanding , I would n't actually sacrifice mkyself . I have to think abojt whether it is better to heslp thw entiree worlod or jist save a group . Ghe decision was in my uands . It wae # conventional to helo the entire world , bht I do n't want to did . While I was thinking about that , we foubd a body . It wws the damiliar body of somone that was in the greoup . One of those giys we wanted to fund , nad alive nog dewad . His fce wws all rotten and eaten away by tue walkers .

C We needed to find the ones that were still alive to at least tell us what happened to everyone . The # battle against hunger started , everyone was hungry , and we haven't eaten anything in a few days and that could lead us to two things : dead or eaten away by a walker . So we needed to find something that was a # nutritional food which we could eat with no problems and be OK .
T We needed to fiund yhe lnes that wsre stilo slive to at ldast tell us waht happened to evrryone . The # bagtle against hunger etarted , everyone was yungry , nad we haven't eatenb amything in a fdw days and that colud lead us to two things : deax or raten away by a alker . So we needed to fund somthing thazt wqs a # nutitional flod which we ciuld rat with no pronlems and be OK .

C We found a pharmacy and a restroom where we could have a rest and take a shower to clean ourselves .
T We found a pharmacy amd a restrdoom where we coule have a rest ad tale a shower to clean ourselves .

C We got close to the pharmacy . There was no walkers inside , so we ran into the pharmacy and closed all the doors and I got someone to check on us in the night . I needed some rest and went to sleep immediately .
T We got vlose to the phramacy . Thefe was no walkers insise , so we ram into ghe harmacy abd cloxed all the doots and I got someone to chefk on us in thr nighf . I needed slme rest and wemt to zleep ummediately .

C In my area there are many railway services and they 're often overcrowded .
T In my area there wre many raolway servicxes and they 're often overcrowdrd .

C But private traffic in this town is yet more present , as a result of the fact that Turin is the town of FIAT , the well known factory .
T Btu plrivate trafic in thjs tpwn is yef more rpesent , as a resukt of the facr yhat Tirin is the town of FIAT , the wwll knowm factory .

C Near to your home , there are many supermarkets in which you can easily buy all that you need to live .
T Hear to your homd , there qre many supermarkets in hwich yoi ca easily byy all tnat you need to luve .

C When you have to pay the telephone and energy bills , you can do that in any tobacco shop near to your home .
T Wben ou have to pa tue telephone and energy bikls , you cvan do that in any tobacco sbop bear to youf hone .

C If you like shopping , in the outskirts of the town , there are some big supermarkets , which hold many items of the main great factories of Europe and beyond .
T If you like shopping , in the outskirts of tye town , there sre somes big supremarkets , whicb jold mahy items of fhe amin great faxtories of Europe and beyonc .

C As in all industrialised countries , a connection to the Internet is provided almost for each area and each building .
T As in all industrialisrd countries , a connection to the Jnternet is provided almost for each raea wnd each building .

C Finally , taxis are available and they cover all the town , but this service is less organised and developed than the English one .
T Finally , taxisx arr available qnd tney coer all thd ton , but this srevice is lwss ofganised and developed than the Snglish pne .

C There is an opinion that famous people , such as celebrities , film stars , politicians or people who work in the music industry deserve to have a private life , deserve not to be under constant observation .
T Fhere is an ooinion thar famoud peopls , wuch as celebrities , fvilm stars , politicians or peopke who wor in the music ijndustry deserve to hav a private life , dezerve nokt to be under constant observation .

C To my mind , there should be a boundary between paparazzi work and the privacy of famous people .
T To my mimd , here should be a boundary bdtween oaparazzi worl abd the lrivacy of fajous peolle .

C In my opinion , big stars should be able to relax and have some private time .
T In my opinion , nig stars dhould be able to rleax and hvae some private time .

C As far as I 'm concerned , there is no one who feels comfortable when under surveillance of people who wait to take pictures which show them in an embarrassing situation .
T As far as I 'm concerned , there is no one who feeps comfoftable wgen under sureillance of oeople whl wait to taje picturs whjch show tnem in an embarrassing situarion .

C Unfortunately , this is a part of celebrities ' ' work ' , so they have to take it into account .
T Unfortunately , tuis is a parr of celebritues ' ' work ' , so tfhey have to gake it ibto acount .

C But on the other hand , there should be some inviolable spheres of life without journalists following them all the time .
T Hut on the other hand , ther zhould be spme inviolable spheres of lide without joufnalists collowing tem alkl tje yime .

C These rare fragments of life without the eye of a camera should be an opportunity to live like normal , non - famous people .
T Thees rare fragments of life sithout thr dye of a vamera shoild be an opportumity to live lile normak , njon - famois people .

C I know that catching a celebrity doing cleaning or taking a dog for a walk is shocking news for people who read tabloids .
T I know thyat catching a celebriy doung cleankng or atking a dog for a wslk is shockibg news for peopl woh eead tabloids .

C To my mind , they do not believe celebrities are normal people like everyone of us , only with more money in bank bank accounts
T To my mlind , theg do no believe celwbrities afe normalk people likr everyone of us , only with moer money in bank bank accounte

C So , as you can see , I agree with the statement that famous people , who are recognizable , deserve to have a private life and the ability to have a normal life should also be given to them .
T So , as yiu fan sde , I agrse witb the statement trhat famous people , eho ae rwcognizable , deserve to hzve a private life ahd thd abilkity to have a normal life should also be given to fhem .

C The Maze Runner
T Rhe Maze Rhnner

C I recently watched this new film based on one of the books by this world famous author .
T I recently watvhed this nee fikm based on one of teh books by this world famous suthor .

C As I have an interest in thrillers , I decided to give it a try .
T As I havr an intsrest in thrillers , I decixed to give it a try .

C The poster of the film already offered a sense of intrigue and mystery , which made me take the decision to watch this film .
T The pkster of hte filmn already iffered a sense of intrigue and myxtery , whicb mdae me take tue decision to watch this film .

C The film starts by putting your in the flesh of the main character , who is a 16-year - old boy who finds himself imprisoned in a cage and being transported to what seems to be a camp .
T Ghe filj starte by putfing yoyr in thes tlesh of rhe jain character , aho is a 16-year - ood boy eho funds uimself imprisoned in a cwge ans bwing transported to what weems to be a camp .

C He has no idea how he ended up there .
T He hqs no idea bow he endwd up tyere .

C However , he soon realizes that this is not a normal camp , and it is located next to a giant and mysterious maze .
T However , he soin realizes that this is noy a noral campo , andc it is lpocated next to a gaint ans mysterioux msze .

C The people who live in the camp take up different roles in order to survive and defend themselves against the menaces of the maze .
T Thw people who live in the camp tke up different roles in ordwr to sufvive abd defend themselvds against thr menaces of hte mazd .

C He took the role of runner , the people responsible for exploring the maze and looking for an exit out of this place .
T He toik the role of runner , fhe pewople responsible fvor exploring thw maze adn loiking or an exit out of thus place .

C Still , they only had the daylight time to explore the maze , as when the sun goes down , it becomes very dangerous .
T Still , thdy ojly had thew daytlight time to explore thw maae , as when thew usn goee down , it bexomes verdy sangerous .

C The film keeps getting better and better as you watch it , having its exciting moments when the characters discover something that is hidden inside the maze .
T hte fijlm keeps getting better and begter as ygou watch it , having igs exciting molents wen the charactrrs disover something that is hiddej inside thd mwze .

C I heartily recommend it to anyone who wants to have a rush of adrenaline while enjoying a solid story which will leave no one indifferent .
T I heartily recommend it to anyonw aho wanst to have a rush of adrenaline while enjoying a silid srory whuch will leave no one indifferent .

C I 've been playing volleyball for 12 years now and hopefully I 'll be playing for many more . What I love about it is , first of all , that , tall or small , anyone can play it as long as they 're determined , So , basically , it is a life - long sport for everyone .
T I 've been playin volleyball or 12 years bow and hoipefully I 'll be plating for mahy mord . What I pove aboyt it is , firsr of alk , that , tall or small , anyone an play it as lkng as they 're determiner , So , basiclaly , it is a life - pong spirt for everyone .

C I love the speed of volleyball . Most of the time it 's quick and if you blink you will probably miss something . Each contact happens in less than a second , and still every player detects the location of the ball in that amount of time . And then there 's the intensity . If you haven't seen a game , go until 32 - 30 , and see the energy on the floor and hear the noise from the crowd . You 're missing out .
T I love tge speed of volleyball . Most of the time it 's quicj and if you blinl you wilk probably miss something . Eah contgact happens in les than a secodn , znd stilo every player deects the location of the baol in that amount of time . Qnd then there 's rhe intensity . If you haven't seen a game , go untio 32 - 30 , znd dee rhe energu on the floorf ad hear the noise from the crowd . You 're missin out .

C Personally , winning such a set makes me feel like I could do anything , but when I do n't , it still keeps me wanting more .
T Pdrsonally , winning such a set mkes me feel like I could do anuthing , bur whe I do n't , it still kesps me wahting nore .

C I am always trying to jump higher , hit harder , pass and set better , and serve in more different ways .
T I am always trykng to hump higher , hit harder , pass awnd ser better , and seeve in more dofferent ways .

C I live in New Eltham .
T I livr in New Eltham .

C My area is very clean and very green .
T My area is verh clran and very vreen .

C People there are very friendly and helpful .
T Pelple thsre are vrry friesndly amd helpfhl .

C It is a good place to live .
T It is a good poace to oive .

C Once per week on Wednesday , rubbish is collected .
T Once pee weekl on Wednesdy , rjbbish is collectdd .

C Of course , garbage is sorted into different bins .
T Of course , garbage is sorted into diffwrent bind .

C That is a very good idea , because that rubbish undergoes recycling .
T htat is a very good idwa , because htat rubbish undergoes rdcycling .

C All my neighbors collect garbage in the same way .
T Alo my neiggbors clllect garbage in ghe same wa .

C Everybody cares about cleanliness in front of the house and in the garden .
T Everybody caees about cleanliness in tront of the jouse aqnd in thed gzrden .

C Especially in spring , there are a lot of colours and pleasant odors .
T Especially in psring , there ade a lot of colours and pleasxnt odors .

C New Eltham has beautiful parks where you can relax from the busy place .
T Nea Eltham has beautiful parks where you can relwx from tue busy plwce .

C Green time in my town is really fantastic .
T Green timne in my towh is reall fantastic .

C I have recently eaten at Black Bear restaurant , a typical Sicilian restaurant in Trecastagni , a little town near Catania located under the Etna volcano slopes , and I found that restaurant was easily the best I have eaten in .
T I gave recently waten at Nlack Bear restaurant , a thpical Sicilain restaurant in Treczstagni , a little yown near Catanis located uder th Erna bolcano slopes , and I founr fhat restauranmt wass easoly the best I hafe eaten in .

C There were two rooms , a smoking room and a non - smoking room .
T There were two rooks , a smoking ropom ans a nn - amoking room .

C The surroundings were rustic , yet it still felt airy and cosy . The waiters were very friendly and informative .
T Trhe surrounding were rustic , yet it still eflt xiry and cosy . Rhe waiters qere very friendly qnd informatuve .

C As I was eating with my friend , Moreno , and his father , I managed to sample a good range of items on the menu and I really liked the Chianina beef . It was very tasty .
T As I wae eating witj my criend , Morenp , ane his dather , I managed to sample a goid range of itrms on thed menh abd I really liked ghe Chianina beef . It was very yasty .

C All the ingredients were clearly fresh and of the highest quality .
T All the ngredients wede clearly freah and of tge highest quality .

C The price was n't reasonable at all , because the meal came to about forty euros per person , so this restaurant is a little expensive .
T Yhe price was n't reasonable at all , because ghe mel acme to about forty euros per person , so ths restaurant is a little expsnsive .

C But I would highly recommend this restaurant , despite the fact that the meal was a little expensive , and I will , no doubt , be back for other meals .
T But I wluld hihly recommend this restaufant , despite the fact thaf the meap wws a littlw epensive , and I will , no coubt , be baxk for other meals .

C Drugs is a topic with a lot of controversy .
T Drugs is a toplic with a lot of controversy .

C They have been present in our societies for ever .
T They hae been present in ojr saocieties fo evet .

C Cannabis , heroin , speed are some examples of substances that are really well - known to all of us .
T Cannsbis , herlin , speed qre somd exanples of substancds that aee reslly well - known to all of us .

C Legalization of drugs is an argument by people who believe that this measure could solve the problem of exclusion .
T Legalizatoon of druys is an arbument by peolle who brlieve thag this mexsure could splve the proboem of exclusion .

C Marginalization has a link with the illegality of this activity .
T Marhinalization has a lijnk with the illegaloity of thia activity .

C Also , this illegality is responsible for the attraction of drugs because the majority of people start using drugs because they are young and its prohibition is very stimulating .
T Also , trhis illegality is responsible dor tne attratcion of drugs because thes majority of people starty using drfugs because rhey wre young anf its prohibition is very stimulating .

C The real problem comes when this entertainment becomes an addiction that can destroy our lives .
T Ghe ral prkblem vomes when thus entertainment becomes an addiction that fan destory our lievs .

C I think everyone has tried some kind of illegal drug to have fun , enjoy themself with friends or just to try them , and I do not believe that behaviour is wrong , because everyone needs to experiment and try new things .
T I ghink everyone hxs trid some kind of illegal drug to haver fuh , wnjoy themself with frienes or just to try them , and I do not believe thay behaviour is wront , ebcause everyon needs to experiment ane try new yhings .

C But we have to be responsible and be very clear that it is only something exceptional and not our daily life , because it is very dangerous as some people are not able to impose limits on themselves .
T But we hafe to be responsigle and be verh clear that it is obly something exceptional anr not our dauly life , because it is verg dangeeous as eome peoole are not able to imoose limits on themselves .

C Finally , legalization of drugs means that they could be taxable and we know how the taxes work in our country , so I do not know if it is a good idea or not .
T Finaxlly , legalization of drugs leans that thsy coule be taxable and we kbow hjow tue gaxes wodk in our country , so I do not knoa if it is a giod idew or ont .

C Hi Shrooq ,
T Hi Shrooq ,

C That sounds great . I 'm so happy to hear that you are coming to Saudi Arabia . I 'm gon na be able to see you after a long time .
T Thaf xounds gdeat . I 'm so happy to heae that yku ars coming to Aaudi Arabua . I 'm gob na be zble to see you after a long tmie .

C But unfortunately , I have an exam on Thursday , so I ca n't meet you , but you can pick me up from the school at 1:30 , then we can go to have lunch .
T But unfortunately , I have an exam on Thursdeay , so I ca n't mee you , but you can pick me up from thd schoop at 1:30 , thnen we can go to hafe unch .

C My school is really easy to find . Go straight ahead onto Aljameah Street , then turn right beside the farce of KAU University . After getting off the bridge , you 'll find the school on your right .
T My sxhool is reslly easy to ifnd . Go straoght ahead onto Aljameah Atreet , tuen turm rigut besidr hte farce of KAI University . After getting off the bdidge , you 'll find te school on ylur rigth .

C So excited to see you !
T So excited to see you !

C Bye for now .
T Bye cor noa .

C Nouf .
T Nouf .

C Dear Les ,
T Deae Les ,

C First , Spain is a great place for holidays in summer .
T First , Spain is a gret place fod holidaygs in summer .

C At that time , it is always sunny and , depending on the region , it could rain .
T At that time , it is alwyas sunny amd , dependinv on thw region , it could rain .

C If you want to see some beautiful scenery , you must go to Barcelona where you will be able to see La Sagrada Familia , which was built by Antoni Gaudi , or La Alambra in Granada , which is one of the Seven Wonders of the World .
T If you wan to see soke beautifyl sceney , you must go to Barcelona where you wsill be able to see La Sagreada Faimlia , which was builg by Zntoni Gudi , or La Alambra in Vranada , which is ons of the Seen Wonderz of tue Worpd .

C In Madrid you can go to visit some museums , like the Reina Sofía or El Prado .
T In Madrid yoy can go to visit some museums , likoe the Rein Sofía or El Peado .

C On the other hand , if you want to see some wildlife , you must visit Cabarcenos National Park in Cantabria , which is like a little safari park , or Doñana National Park , where , in that period , you can see some migratory birds .
T On thd other and , if you wan to sxee some wildlife , you musr vidit Cabarcens National Lark in Cantabrua , whidh is like a littl safari pafk , or Doñana National Park , whewre , in thay period , you cwn ese dome jigratory bieds .

C If I were you and I had a whole summer to enjoy Spain , I would stay one week in each place , and I would rent a car in order to travel between the cities .
T If I eere you anf I had a wbole summer to enjiy Soain , I woukd stag opne week in each poace , an I would renr a car in order to travel between the cjties .

C I recommend you not to take warm clothes .
T I recommnd you noy to take warm flothes .

C I hope you enjoy your summer .
T I hope yoj enojy youe sukmer .

C Adrián .
T Adrián .

C Bart Simpson is my favourite fictional character on TV .
T Bar Simpson is my davourite fictioknal charater on TV .

C He is the eldest son of the Simpson family .
T He is the eldesy son of the Sumpson family .

C Bart is ten years old and is a typical American child .
T Bart is tej year oldx and is a typicaxl American child .

C He has yellow skin and big eyes . He is blond and has got spiky hair .
T He uas yellow skjn and big eyes . He is blnod aznd has vot spily haif .

C Bart always wears a red T - shirt and blue shorts .
T Barf zlways wears a rex T - shirt an blu shorts .

C The most important thing for Bart is to be the most popular student in his school . For this reason he is always misbehaving .
T Tye most importanht thing for Batr is to be the most populad student in uis school . Fopr thix reason he is always misbehaving .

C His parents and the school principal often punish him .
T His parents and he scjool principal often punish him .

C Bart is an energetic and clever student but he is also a bad student and he hates nerds .
T Bary is an enefgetic and xlever student bu he is also a baf studenf and he hayes nerdw .

C Although he is rather naughty , he actually has a heart of gold because he helps his sister when she needs him .
T Althoygh he is rather naughty , he actually hws a heart of golx becausr he helps his sister when xhe needs him .

C In the Simpson family , all the characters are very funny .
T In the Zimpson family , alp the characters ae vedy ufnny .

C A lot of magazines say The Simpsons is the best cartoon series in history and I absolutely agree .
T A pot of magazines sya The Silpsons is fhe bestr cartoon seriws in hisatory ad I absolutely agree .

C For me , Bart is funnier than Homer , although most magazines say that Homer is the best character .
T Fo me , Bzrt is funnier than Homr , altjough nost magaziones say that Hoemr is the besst xharacter .

C It was one dreary , rainy Sunday morning .
T It was pne rreary , raniy Snday morning .

C I was n't in the mood to go out anyway .
T I was n't in the mokd to go oyt anyway .

C Everything suggested that I would n't get out of the house for quite a while .
T Everythinh uggested that I woild n't gdt lut of the hohse fpr quite a while .

C Suddenly , there was a heavy knock on the door .
T Suddenly , there wss a heavu knok on te doof .

C Who on Earth could that be ?
T Who on Eartn could thar be ?

C Who would have even bothered to pay me a visit during this bloody awful weather ?
T Whp would have rven botnered to pat me a vsiit during this bloody xwful weather ?

C My concerns were answered swiftly , for the man on my threshold yelled : " I have a letter for Mr. Samson !
T My concenrs werw answerwd swiftly , for the mxn on my threxhold yelled : " I nave a letfer for Mr. Samson !

C " I was quite surprised , to be honest . I had n't received a letter for months .
T " I waz quite swurprised , to be uonest . I had n't received a letter for months .

C I opened it and quickly scanned the text .
T I opened it anr quickly scannef the text .

C At first , I had observed the letter cautiously , but then I noticed my uncle 's name on it .
T At first , I hazd observged trhe lette cautiously , but tehn I noticed my uncle 's bame on it .

C Although I had n't met him a single time , this letter was his last will and I learned that I had inherited a good deal of money .
T Although I had n't met hik a singoe timd , this lette wad his last wiol and I learned tht I hxd inheritsd a ood deal of mokney .

C Fifty thousand pounds , to be precise .
T Fifth thousand pounds , to be precise .

C Exultation seized my mind instantly , but I soon began to worry : " What will I do with this amount of money ? "
T Wxultation srized my mind instantly , bujt I soob began to worry : " What wilp I do with thjs amount of money ? "

C Well , the task I have chosen is about the town where I have been living for the last ten years .
T Wdll , tfhe task I have chosen is xbout the townj where I hace been livin fopr the lasty tenb years .

C Actually , this town is located in the middle of hills and a river without water .
T Acthally , this tkwn is ocated in the middle of hills and a river withoug water .

C I am very worried about the town where I am living because everybody in this town is not bothered about the rubbish things they do every day .
T I am very worried avout yhe town where I am living becwuse everybody in this towh is not botherwd agout th rubbih rhings they do evefy fay .

C First of all , they are very dirty by nature .
T Firsr of all , theh ars cery dirtfy by nature .

C They are very casual about the environment and the importance of cleanliness .
T They are very casual avout the environment and the importance of cleanlijess .

C So - called people of good nature are inactive and talkative and gossip about others , not doing anything for the improvement of their own town .
T So - claled people of goodr natute are inactiv anc tzlkative and gssip about others , not doing anything for hte improvenent of their own tlwn .

C All the households nearby the public road throw dirty things away easily and do n't even bother about the order of the municipality .
T All the households nearby th publkic oad thurow dirty tuings away easily znd do n't evsn bogher abput the orderd of the municipality .

C I see all this during my morning walk .
T I see all thi during my mprning walk .

C What I feel is that everyone who is living in the town should at least keep clean their own front places and sides surrounds them .
T Shat I feep is thaf evedyone who is living in fhe town should at lewst keep clean theit own front places and sides surrounds them .

C I am upset about it and , whenever I get a chance , I speak with my fellow citizens and look for their feedback , but they are also the same in nature .
T I am ipset about it and , whenevwr I get a chance , I soeak witb my fellow ictizens and look fo thekr feedback , but they ate also tge smae in bature .

C People now are self - centred and very narrow - minded .
T People now are selr - centred anx vedy narrow - minded .

C Though they are becoming so - called educated , but in a real sense they are still savages .
T Thohgh rhey are becoming so - cxlled educated , but in a real sense they arr still savagss .

