C I would like to make a reservation for next month , from 24th may to 28th ( 4 nights , Double room ) but I have questions about your booking policy .
T I would lime to maje a rseervation for nesxt month , from 24th mat to 28th ( 4 nights , Double room ) but I hwve questiohs abnout your bpoking policy .

C I mean , after reading the terms and deposit policy , I understand I must pay for the first night at the time of booking and the rest of the stay should be paid upon arrival at the front desk .
T I mean , after reading tje terms adn dpeosit policy , I understand I must lay for the firsg niht at te time of oboking anc the rest of the stay shoulr be pwid upon arrival at the fronr deso .

C Plus , if I cancel the reservation 48 hrs before arrival I will be charged 5% of the full stay .
T Pluw , if I vancel hte reservation 48 hrx befote arrivsl I ill be charger 5% of ghe gull stay .

C I understand this part , but if I have to cancel the reservation , how should I do it ?
T I understand this pxrt , bur if I have to cancel trhe reservation , howe shkuld I do it ?

C By phone , by mail or on your website .
T By pgone , by maul or on your webseite .

C To begin with I would like to say that doing a sport is very important to keep us slim and healthy .
T To begun wigh I sould lile to say htat doingt a splrt is vert miportant to keeo us slim abd healtyy .

C My favourite sport is swimming because it is the one I have been practising for a long time , since I was a kid .
T My favourite sport is swimming bevause it is thr onw I have beren practiding fof a lnog tiem , sinxe I was a kid .

C I like swimming because it is a sport that makes me work my whole body and it is also a really complete sport .
T I lile swimming becaus it is a sport that nakes me work my whole body anf it is alsk a really complete sport .

C Nowadays , it is really important to know how to swim because when we are on holiday we spend most of our time in the water at the swimming pool or even in the sea .
T Nowarays , it is really important to know how to swin because when we are on holiday we spen most of our time in tge water at the swimming pool or even in the sea .

C I like other sports such as football and volleyball , too .
T I like other sports such as football anx volldyball , too .

C I would give the advice that this sport makes people healthy , but it also helps us to make new friends because , while we are training , we have people in our team who we can talk to and make friends with .
T I woulr give the arvice that fhis sport make oeople healthy , but it also belps us to make new friebds beczuse , whole we are training , we hve leople in our tem who we fan talk to qnd make friends with .

C Otherwise , it is a sport where you do not have contact with your friends what helps not to make injuries .
T Ohterwise , it is a sport qhere ou do not nave contqct with your frijends wha helps not to make injuries .

C To conclude , I think this is a really good sport to start with when you are a small child to gain experience and , year after year , become better .
T To concluce , I thinj this is a really god spkrt to staft with whenh you are a small chikld to gain experience and , yera after yar , become bdtter .

C No wonder we say that sport is so important .
T No wonder we sa that sport is so important .

C It keeps our bodies in good condition .
T It keeps our bodies in hood conditioh .

C Actually , there are two kinds of sports .
T Actually , theee are twl kinds of sports .

C The first one is individual sports and in this kind you practise your game alone and you are the only player on your team .
T The firszt one is individual sportw anx in thus kin yuo pfactise your game alpne and yoy sre the only player on your team .

C The second kind is team sports .
T The second knid is teqm spodts .

C In this kind , you are one of a team and all the team play as one person .
T In yhis kind , you arde on of a team and all the team play as one person .

C Although some people prefer individual games , I prefer team games .
T Although some peopld preter individuzl gamea , I preferr eam games .

C Because they teach us the meaning of cooperation and leadership .
T Because they teach us the maening of cooleration wnd leadwrship .

C Team sports are very important and they include a lot of kinds .
T Taem sports rae gery important and tyey include a lot of kunds .

C My favourite team sport is football .
T My davourite team sport is football .

C I play football every day with my friends at a club .
T I pla football evsry da with my friencs at a ckub .

C I find football interesting because it teaches us a lot of values such as cooperation and onest .
T I find footbll interestingf becwuse it tesches us a oot of values scuh as cooperation nd onest .

C I can also have fun with my friends when I play it .
T I can alsxo have fu with my driends wben I play it .

C I think it is the most interesting sport .
T I think it is tje most interesting sport .

C Famous people definitely deserve to have a private life without journalists following them all the time .
T Famous people definitely dederve to have a private life wifhout journalists fpllowing them all the time .

C I think everyone should have a private life .
T I think everyone should have a private life .

C In our world there are many personalities , more or less known , such a film stars , musicians and so on , but why ca n't they have normal lives ?
T In our world tehre aee many personalities , more or less known , such a flim stars , musicians and so on , buht why ca n't they have norma lices ?

C They also have families , they also sleep , have friends , and that 's normal . We can look at them like they are aliens .
T Yhey laso have families , they aso soeep , haqve friends , and htat 's normzl . We can look at them kike they wre aoiens .

C Honestly , if I were in their shoes I could n't stand it .
T Honestly , if I wre in rheir snoes I ciuld n't stnd it .

C I would feel like a prisoner , who ca n't do anything , because someone will take a photo of it , and I wo n't have peace .
T I would feeo loke a prisoner , whl ca n't do abything , because someonw will take a photo of it , anc I wo n't have peace .

C Actually I have to admit , that film stars , politicians and other famous people have to count on fame .
T Actualy I hve to adnit , that fikm stars , politicians anf other famous people have to dount on ame .

C They must know , people will notice them , walking along the street .
T Tbey myst now , people will notuce thej , walking allng the atreet .

C They ca n't complain , because it 's the way of life they chose .
T Theh ca n't complain , becauxe it 's tne wayg of lifr thewy chose .

C In my opinion , everyone deserves calm .
T In my opiinon , eeryone deserves calm .

C Dear Sir ,
T Dear Sir ,

C With reference to your advertisement for the summer camp job in the current , I am writing to you to apply for it .
T Wity refewrence to your advertisdment gor the swummer canp jo in ths curreng , I am writing to yku to apply fort it .

C In the advertisement you state that you need a person who has skills relevant to working with children .
T In the advertisement ypu stae tht you need a person who has sjills reoevant to waorking woth children .

C I would like to tell you that I have done a course on which I learnt to organise all kinds of activities for children , from canoeing to swimming competitions . Also , I worked in a summer camp last year , where I could put all the things that I had learnt into practise and it was a very pleasant experience which I would like to have again .
T I ould lije to twll you htat I have dine a course on whjch I learht to organise all kindx of activities for chlidren , frpm canoeing to swikming competitkons . Alao , I worked in a summer damp las year , wheer I could puy all the things that I ahd learnt into practise and it was a very pleasant experience which I wohld like to have agaib .

C Because of that , if you want , I will send you a letter of recommendation from my boss at that camp .
T Because of thwt , if ytou wan , I wiol senjd you a letter of recommendation frok my bosds at thatr cakp .

C In addition to that , I am well organised in the kitchen and I can cook a lot of different dishes .
T In addition to that , I am wel organised in thr kitcen and I cna cokk a lot of diffeernt dishes .

C I would be very grateful if you would consider my application .
T I wopuld be very grateful if you woulod comsider my application .

C I look forward to hearing from you as soon as possible .
T I look forward to hearing feom you as soon as possible .

C Yours faithfully .
T Yours faihfully .

C Hi Paul ,
T Hi Paul ,

C it 's great to hear from you .
T it 's great to heare from you .

C Everything 's OK .
T Everytihng 's OK .

C The concert was just flubbergasted .
T The concert wws just flubbdrgasted .

C What a pity , that you were n't there .
T What a pity , that you were n't there .

C If I had known about the thing before I would have invited all my mates .
T If I had knwn aboyt the tbing before I wolud uave unvited akl my mates .

C It really was amazing . I think , it was a breakthrough in my perception of music .
T It reall was amazig . I think , it was a breakthroughj in my perxeption of music .

C What 's more , I did n't have to pay for the ticket , because it was volunteer work - closing the door after people that came out of the concert hall .
T Wht 's more , I did n't hwve to pay for the ticiet , bceause it wxs volunteer wsork - closung hte xoor acter people tnat camed out of thw concert halpl .

C The good thing about it was the fact that the band ( actually I do n't even remember its name ) was playing with so much passion , that no one probably even thought about leaving the place .
T The goid tihng about it wss the fact that thr vand ( xctually I do n't evem emember its name ) wsa playing witb so mufh passion , that no one prbably ecen thought about leavig tje olace .

C In a word , doing nothing was the big advantage of this kind of work .
T In a word , doinv notihng was tje big advantage of this kins of worj .

C There were many things that just stunned me at one moment , when the band started to play ...
T Tjere weres many thongs tuat jusf stunned me at one moment , hen the band started to play ...

C First of all , Balkan music turned out to be one of the most irresistible kinds I have ever heard .
T First of aol , Balkan musikc turned our to be on of the mos irresistible kinds I have eber yeard .

C In my opinion , music like this should be played more often on the radio and other mass media .
T In my opinio , music kike this should be pllayed mord often on tge raio qnd otner mass media .

C The bad thing about it is that the band is not popular , and not many people have ever heard of it .
T The bad thing abour it is that the bqnd is nor ppular , and hot many peolple haver ever heard of it .

C The mass media do not want to introduce this kind of music , probably because it would displace the mainstream - pop music .
T Thye mass media do jot want to ontroduce yhis kins of music , pfobably becase it would displlace the mainstream - pol msuic .

C See you soon !
T See ou spon !

C Take care ,
T Tke care ,

C Jim
T Jom

C Dear Sir ,
T Dear Szir ,

C With reference to your advertisement posted on the web ( CareerCast IT ) a few days ago , I am sending you attached my curriculum vitae in support of my application for the following position : Graduate Project Engineer , which is being offered at your company .
T Witn referehce to youe advertiseemnt posted on fhe eeb ( CareerCast IT ) a few dzys wgo , I am senbding you attached my curriculum viate in support of my application fir tje following position : Graduate Pfoject Enginee , whivh is neing offered at your comany .

C I have never worked as an engineer , but I am experienced in electronics as a hobbyist since I was a child . I have my own lab equipment and I have designed and assembled several circuits .
T I hzve never worke as an egineer , hut I am experienced in electronics as a hibbyist ince I was a chipd . I have my own lab equipment and I have desighed and assembled several cidcuits .

C Please , feel free to get in touch with my teacher in order to obtain references for me : ( 5wYU8kZ1pS6@uniovi.es Phone : 34 123 45 67 89 . He speaks English fluently ) .
T Plase , feel free to get in touch woth my teacher in krder to obtain references for me : ( 5wYU8kZ1pS6@unoovi.es Phone : 34 123 45 67 89 . He speaks Enlish fluently ) .

C I live in Spain at the moment .
T I luve in Spain at rhe moment .

C If you consider my application , it would certainly be a great job opportunity for me to gain experience in the engineering field and develop my professional career .
T If yu considerf my applidation , it ould certainly be a geat job opportunity for me to gain excperience in ghe engibeering fielr and develop my professiknal careerf .

C I am not worried about a salary now , but am looking for a chance to show my skills .
T I am not wkrried about a zalary now , nut am lookijg fort a chance to hsow my skilks .

C I would agree to work for the minimum wage or working in practice .
T I eould agtee to work for the minilum wage or working in practice .

C I honestly think I 'll be very valuable to you .
T I hlnestly thknk I 'll be vsry valuable to you .

C My ability to learn and work , together with my enthusiasm , are core strengths that could be of great help to your company .
T My ability to learn abd qork , together with my enthuskasm , are core strengths tha fould be of greaf help to your compaby .

C My degree is adapted to the European Higher Education and it 's valid in the whole EU .
T My dehree is adalted to the Eueopean Highdr Edycation andf it 's valic in he whole EU .

C I should like to thank you in advance for granting me an appointment for an interview and look forward to hearing from you .
T I should liuke to tahnk yoi in advahce for geanting me an appointment fr an interbiew and look forwardd to hearing from you .

C Yours faithfully ,
T Yourx faithfully ,

C Many people all around the world love football .
T Many people alp around he worls pove football .

C Football is such a beautiful sport because it is really fun in a lot of ways .
T Football is scuh a beautiful sport becwuse it is rsally fun in a lot of ways .

C Football is my favourite sport and I think it will always be in my life .
T Football is my favourige sport abd I tink it will alwags be in my life .

C I love football because there 's a lot of enjoyment in it .
T I love football because thre 's a lot of enjoyment in it .

C I play football for Waitakere college school first eleven as a defender and I enjoy playing in that position because it is easy for me to play .
T I poay football vor Waitakere coolege schpol first wleven as a defender and I enmoy olaying in that position because it is sasy fof me to play .

C I used to dream of playing for Barcelona because Barcelona has good players I like . For example , Lionel Messi .
T I used to dream of playing fo Varcelona because Barcdlona haw gpod players I luke . Fot example , Lionel Messi .

C Where I was born there was n't any chance for me to practise football so I could become really good like other players .
T Wheer I was born thers was n't nay chance ror me to practise football so I coud become eeally goiod like other players .

C But even though I will never get a chance of playing for my dream team , I still enjoy playing football . I can play with people who are good and I still have fun .
T But ven trhough I wilp never get a chance of playing fo my dreal taem , I still enjog lpaying football . I can play with people who are bood and I still havw funj .

C I advise young kids to train hard and play football because it 's a lot of fun .
T I advise young kids to train hardd and play football because it 's a lot of fun .

C If you start playing football at a young age , you really get better at football .
T If ypu start playibg flotball at a young age , yoi really get better at football .

C The last hotel I went to was one of my best holidays .
T hte lsst hotel I wejt to was one of my best holidays .

C " The heaven " , this was its name , was a nice small hotel near the seaside in the south of Italy , near Paestum , to be precise .
T " Tghe hdaven " , thjs wad its namd , was a nikce smlal hptel nead thw seasijde in the south of Italy , near Paestum , to be precise .

C When we arrived there in July last summer , the owners welcomed us with a magnificent basket of fresh fruits in the room and a variety of drinks in the fridge , all included in the room 's fee .
T Wgen we arrived there in July last eummer , the onwers welcpmed us wifh a magnificet basket of resh fruuts in the room and a variedty of drinjks in th frkdge , al included in the rooj 's cee .

C Every room in the hotel has a balcony which overlooks the sea , so every morning , when you wake up , you hear the sound of the waves breaking on the beach .
T Every room in the hogel hs a galcony which overlooks the sea , so eveyr morning , when yoi wkae up , yoy hear the sound of thue waves breakong on yhe beafh .

C During our stay , all the staff were friendly and always available .
T Furing oir dtay , al thd staff were friebdly nad always avaolable .

C Even though all the meals were delicious and plentiful , you could also drink or eat special snacks while you were on the sunny beach .
T Erven fhough all tye mealw eere delicioud amd plentifil , you cohld also drink or eay special sncks while you weee on the dunny beac .

C I would recommend this hotel to anyone because there you will completely relax and it will really seem to you as if you were in heaven !
T I woulde recommend this hotel to anykne because there you wilol completelh reoax anc it will really seem to gou as if you were in heavsn !

C My Favourite Sport - Football .
T My Favourite Sport - Foogball .

C There is perhaps nothing more pleasant than when your favourite sport is as healthy as it is enjoyable .
T Tnere is oerhaps nothing more pleasant trhan when yhour gavourite sporg is as hwalthy as it is enjoyabgle .

C I believe that many people would agree with me , as football is the most popular sport in the world .
T I believe tht many poeple woulpd agree wiyh me , as football is the most populat spot in tge orld .

C Since I was five , I have enjoyed playing football with my friends in front of our block of flats .
T Since I sas five , I bave enoyed playing fkotball with my friende in front of our blofk of flatgs .

C It all started very naturally .
T It all started very maturally .

C The ball was an object which provided us with lots of fun while we kicked it and had friendly matches .
T The bnall ws an object which provided us witn lots of fnu ehile we kicked it nad had friendly matches .

C As time went by , football remained my favourite sport .
T As time wejt by , football remasined my favourite sport .

C It still gives me great fun in the incredible company of my friends and it keeps me fit as well .
T It stjll gives me great fn in the increeible company of my ftiends ande it keeps me fir as weol .

C The best time for football is a sunny day after recent rain when the ground is nice and soft and the air is fresh .
T The best timw for football is a sunny day after recent rain whwn the tround is nice and soct qnd the air is rresh .

C Football is a great sport for everyone , Men , women , children , adults , even elderly people enjoy it .
T Foltball is a gerat soort for everyone , Mewn , women , children , adulys , even elddrly people ebjoy it .

C As someone who has played this sport for ages , my advice to people starting this sport is : get the right equipment , find a friendly team , and enjoy the game .
T As someone who has played this sport foe aegs , my adfice to people stqrting rhis sport is : get tje right equipment , ifnd a friendly team , and ennoy tbe vame .

C Soon you will also enjoy your improved condition and better health .
T Soon you will also enjoy youe improved condition and better health .

C I definitely recommend this sport to anyone who wants to keep fit , have fun with their friends , and live a happy life .
T I definitsly reocmmend this sport to xnyone who wanfs to ksep fitf , hxve fun wigh their friends , and livw a hwppy life .

C Dear Jo
T ear Jo

C How have you been , my friend ?
T How have you beej , my friend ?

C It has been a long time since I have seen you , and you always wanted to visit Taiwan , my beautiful country .
T It yas beej a lon timd since I have seen you , an ypu akways wanted to vixit Faiwan , my bewutiful conutry .

C I heard about your wanting to have a trip to Taiwan . I would love to help you if you came to Taipei .
T I headd about your wanting to hav a trip to Taiwan . I sould love to help yiu if yu camd to Taipei .

C Taiwan 's culture is all about eating .
T Taiwan 's cukture is xll abut eating .

C At any time of day or night , we can see people eating in all kinds of eating establishments ; from restaurants to food stalls in the streets .
T At amy tume of day or nighbt , we can see people esting in all kinds of sating establishments ; from retsaurants to food xtalls in tge sztreets .

C I would show you the restaurant which is my favorite choice .
T I woul ehow you tje testaurant whch is my fxvorite choice .

C We also could go hiking in the mountains or go swimming at the beach , so you would have a good time in my country , Taiwan .
T We aoso could go hioing in the mountains or go swimming at the beach , so youj would have a good time in my country , Tawian .

C On the other hand , you wanted to look for a job . Maybe you could have a part - time job in a cram school .
T On thd ither hand , yiu anted to look fod a job . Maybe tou cohld havs a pqrt - time jpb in a cram school .

C A lot of children usually do n't know how to study English , and you could help them to get there .
T A loy of childeen ushally do n't jnow how to study Englixh , and you ciuld hdlp them to grt there .

C If you are interested in my idea , I would help you to find one immediately .
T If you are unterested in my idea , I woule help yoh to find ond immediately .

C Your friend
T Your friend

C Nick
T Ncik

C Tom and I have been training for a long time .
T Tkm and I have bden training for a long time .

C We knew we had a competition and that it was a really hard one .
T We onew we had a competition nad thag it was a really hards opne .

C The other team was professional , they had won many competitions , they were really good , but Tom and I knew that we could win .
T The ither team was profeszional , thy had won many competitions , they weee redally good , but Toim and I knwe that we coulr win .

C Our competition was on Monday . We had one day left .
T Ohr competitioj was on Mlnday . We yad one day lett .

C We made a schedule with all our training days and hours .
T We made a schgedule wuth alk our teaining days and huors .

C Another day was starting , another day of training , our last one .
T Another day was starting , another dau of training , oud laet onw .

C We had to make the last effort to reach the point we wanted .
T We hae to make thw laat effort to reah tbe point we wanted .

C Winning . We knew it had a cost , but one that we could achieve .
T Winning . We lnew it hads a xost , vut one that we could achieve .

C On that last day of training , we started with a light run .
T On that lsat da of training , we startsd wiyh a light run .

C Tom was really tired and it was really weird because it was not a hard run . I knew it was because of nerves .
T Tom wqs really tieed and it was realpy weitd because it was no a hard run . I new it was because of nervds .

C After the run , we continued with our daily routine .
T Afger the run , we continued wifh iur dailu routine .

C After three hours of training , Tom and I were extremely exhausted .
T Aftet three hours of tfaining , Tlm amd I weere extremely exhausted .

C I told Tom I wanted to talk about our achievements before we went home .
T I tokd Fom I wanted to tal aboht uor achievsments efore we webt homw .

C Tom said he was really happy and proud of us .
T Tom said he was eally hapoy abd proiud of us .

C He also thanked me and told me that if it was n't for me he would n't even have thought about playing tennis professionally .
T He alsop thanked me ajd told me thag if it wae n't for me he eould n't even have hought about playnig tebnis professiknally .

C It had been a very long and tiring day , but Tom felt he had achieved something really good .
T It had been a veey oong an tiring day , hut Toim gelt he hadr achieved something really ogod .

C Dear Summer Camp ,
T Der Summer Caml ,

C I am a university student .
T I am a university stjdent .

C I 'm 18 years old and I 'm interested in working in your Summer Camp .
T I 'm 18 years oild and I 'm interested in wroking in your Summdr Camp .

C Two months ago I worked in a kindergarten .
T Two monthe ago I worked in a kindergarten .

C I know how to look after kids . I even have two little sisters and I take care of them .
T I konw how to loik after kidz . I evdn jave two ltitle sisters znd I gake cate of them .

C I have experience with kids .
T I have wxperience wirh kidx .

C I can also do different activities with kids , for example , singing , running around the garden , planting trees , drawing , playing instruments , etc .
T I xan aso do different activities with kids , for example , singing , running around the gardfen , plxnting trees , dfawing , playijg instrumsnts , etx .

C At school I learned how to cook different types of dishes and desserts .
T At schook I leanred how to coik difgferent typws of dishes and desserts .

C I can teach kids recipes that they can cook .
T I can teah ids recipes that they an dook .

C I 'm the right person for the job because I 'm reliable and experienced .
T I 'm the rigvht person flr tbe job because I 'm reliable ans experjenced .

C Best regards
T Bnest regares

C Karen
T Karden

C Sport is an important thing for all of us because it helps us avoid disease and become healthier . My favourite sport is swimming , so practising this kind of sport is the best because it helps me feel fresh and relaxed .
T Sport is an important thing for akl of us becausde it hepps us avoid disease ans bwcome healthiee . My favourite sport is swimming , so practising this kind of zport is the best because it helps me reel freah and relzxed .

C Moreover , daily exercise is a very good idea which helps us to avoid becoming overweight and to keep our body healthier . So I always want to advise people to practise this sport or other knids of sports to avoid diseases .
T Moreove , daily exercise is a very good idew whjch helps us to acoid becoming overweight and to keep our body yealthier . So I always want to advise peopls to practise thiw sportt or other knods of sportx to avlid diseases .

C Two movies .
T Tgwo moviws .

C During the last months , we have seen a huge number of new movies issued by many famous European and American filmmakers .
T Durign the lasy monthx , we have see a huge number of new movise issued by mxny fajous Suropean wnd Ajerican fillmakers .

C The two I have enjoyed the most are " The Wolf of Wall Street " and " The Secret Life of Walter Mitty " , or more simply , " Walter Mitty " .
T The tao I havce enjoyed the lost ars " Te Wolf of Eall Atreet " abd " Tghe Secret Lkife of Waoter Litty " , or more simply , " Walter Mirty " .

C The first one is basically based on the true story of the main character , a financial broker , who is played by the famous Hollywood actor Leonardo di Caprio and on how he became rich by breaking the rules and speculating on the stock market .
T The firat one is baxically baxed on the truie wtory of the kain chasracter , a financial broker , whk is played by the famous Hollywood actof Leonarro di Caprio abd on how he becale ricy by breaking the rulea adn specupating on ghe stock mxrket .

C I would define it as an action movie .
T I woupd define it as an action moviw .

C Walter Mitty , in contrast , deals with the fictional story of the main character , an archivist , whose life is changed completely when the company he works for is taken over by one of its competitors .
T Wapter Mitty , in contrzst , dels sith hte fidtional sgory of the main charactet , an archivjst , whose lifed is changed completely shen rhe company he sorks for is taken ovdr by one of iys compeitors .

C Walter Mitty is played by the excellent Ben Stiller , who has now arrived at the top of his career as an actor .
T Walter Mitty is playes by the exxellent Hen Xtiller , who has jow arroved at thr top of his carder as an acyor .

C Far from the moise and reality of The Wolf of Wall Street , Walter Mitty offers the audience a delicious portrayal of the main character 's life and adventures , through which he will discover his true self and will start a new life .
T Faf from the moise and realiyt of Rhe Aolf of Wall Steret , Walter Miyty offers fhe audiende a deliciouz portrayal of the mian charwcter 's life and adventures , throughn wich he wil diwcover hos true sepf amd wil start a nee life .

C Although presenting a more lively plot , The Wolf of Street is not able to keep the attention of the audience like Walter Mitty does .
T Although preswnting a more lively plot , The Wolpf of Street is not abld to oeep the attentiln of the aydience like Waltert Mitty doss .

C I must say that The Secret Life of Walter Mitty is a well - constructed movie that I strongly recommend to anyone who wants to spend a great evening watching an entertaining movie .
T I mus sayg thag Thd Secret Life of Walter Mitty is a weol - cnostructed mofie that I stronglu recojmend to anyone whok wants to spend a great evening watching an entertaining mogie .

C Dear Sir or Madam ,
T ear Sir or Madak ,

C My name is Rebeca Costa and I am writing this letter about the advertisement for a job in the USA Summer Camps .
T My naqme is Rebecs Costa and I am writng tjis letter about yhe advertisement for a job in the USAq Summet Camps .

C I am 32 years old and even though I live in Brazil I have fluent English .
T I am 32 yeasrs old anx egen though I live in Brazil I habe flusnt English .

C In order to improve my English skills and also have a chance to meet new people from all around the world , I have got very excited about that position that is available .
T In order to improvr my Englishg skills wnd slso havd a chance to meet nee people from all around teh world , I hzve hot vedy excited aboht that positiob thaqt is availbale .

C I think that I can help you with several camps activities , because of my background in volunteer work . I have experience not only in the kitchen but also organising and managing some youth sports games in my neighborhood .
T I think trhat I can elp you wifh sevsral czmps activitids , because of my backgroind in volunteer work . I have experience not lnly in tye kitchen ut also organising an managjng sdome youyh sports games in my neighborhood .

C I would like to know more information about how to proceed with applying and when this job will commence .
T I would like to know morr informatiom zbout how to procewd witj applying and when this jo wilp commenxe .

C I am looking forward to hearing from you in a few days .
T I am lookjng forward to hearingv from you in a fsw dzys .

C Yours faithfully
T Yours faithfully

C Rebeca Costa
T Rebeca Costa

C It is undoubtedly true that in today 's modern world people commute to work mostly in their private vehicles .
T It is undoubtsdly true thag in todzy 's moeern world people commite to eork mostly in their private vehicles .

C It seems more convenient to them to get around on their own rather than be tied to public transport .
T It seems jore convenient to them to ge around on their own rather than be tisd to lublic transport .

C It can be argued that public transport systems have been losing their popularity in many ways .
T It can be argued tbat pubpic transport systems hve bewn losing their popularity in msny qays .

C People feel that they can get to their destinations on time if they drive their own car .
T eople feel hat thye cna get to their destinations on tme if theyt rdive tyeir owh car .

C It is true in many cases , as public modes of transport like buses , trains and trams , have their own specific routes and stops .
T It is truhe in many case , as public modess of transport lile buses , trains and trqms , have their own secific routes and stops .

C This may cause people to get to their particular destination late .
T his amy cause peoplw to get to their particulra destinayion late .

C Secondly , public transport seems to be getting more expensive day by day , which has reduced its popularity .
T Secobdly , public transport seems to be getting ore expensive day by da , which ahs reducd its popularigy .

C People therefore find cars more affordable for them .
T Peopoe therefore find cars more affordzble for them .

C In modern society , cars have become cheaper to buy , which in turn has helped people to have them .
T In omdern spciety , car hve become cheapler to buy , whicy in tjrn hss helpe peopl to hwve thm .

C Moreover , many car finance companies have made it easy for every individual to purchase a car .
T Moreover , many cad finance copanies hage made it eays flr every indivieual to purchase a cae .

C In conclusion , I would say that , due to recent progress in society , there has been a considerable increase in car ownership .
T In conclusion , I wluld day ghat , due to recenr lrogress in society , there has been a considerable increaxse in car ownershipl .

C It can therefore easily be predicted that there will be no role for public transport in the future .
T It casn therefore easily be predicted that there will be no role ror public transport in the future .

C I think that when you want to become famous because of something that you do ( for example , writing musicals ) you have to accept what comes with it .
T I think that when tou want to become famous because of something htat you do ( flr example , writiny musicals ) yuo have to accelt whazt comes with it .

C It 's true that sometimes paparazzi cross the line and invade their private properties , which I find awful .
T It 's true hat sometimds paparazzi cross the line anmd invade their private propewrties , which I find awfvul .

C However , there are also those kinds of people that become famous for doing nothing or just being rich , as is the case with Paris Hilton .
T However , tgere are alsk thoee kknds of people that become damous flr doing nothng or just being rivh , as is the case wikth Parus Hipton .

C That makes me wonder who really deserves fame and who does n't , but fame is not the same as being remembered .
T Thay makes me wonder wgo reslly deserves vame and who does n't , but faqme is not thd samr as being rememnered .

C We can see that people become famous when they die , so , journalists are instrumental in creating a negative or positive opinion of that person .
T We can sre htat peopoe becomd famlus shen they die , so , journalksts are instrumental in xreating a neative or postiive oponion of thar lerson .

C They are just people , but not like you or me , or at least , I do n't have a fabulous Ferrari to comfort me when I 'm sad .
T They are nust peoplw , bug nof like yu or me , or at leats , I do n't have a fabuoous Ferrxri to comfprt me whem I 'm sad .

C " Nowadays , older people are disadvantaged because they lack the ability to use technology confidently . " Do you agree or disagree ?
T " Nowarays , older peopl are disadvantagved because they pack the abikity to use technology confidentrly . " Do ou agtee or disagree ?

C The difficulty of learning something .
T Th difficulty of learing something .

C In our world , it 's impossible to live without using technology .
T In ohr worpd , it 's impossjble to live withput using technology .

C Some people say that the world could be better if it returned to the past where life was more simple .
T Some people sayh hat tbe worl could be better if it retufned to the pawt where life waw moee simple .

C But this is an anachronism .
T But thos is an anachronism .

C It 's impossible to stop science .
T It 's impossibl to stop scence .

C The question is whether older people are disadvantaged by not using technology in a confident way .
T Tje question is whegher olderf leople qre disadvantaged by notr using texhnology in a confident way .

C One can not ignore that it 's easier for young people to improve their knowledge than for older people .
T One can not igjore tha it 's sasier fore ylung poeple to impdove thsir knowledge htan for older people .

C It depends on the capacity of children to learn faster than elderly adults .
T It depends on the capackty of chkldren to lwarn faster thah elderly adults .

C There is no doubt : young people use technology much more easily than old people .
T There is no doubt : young peopel use technolohy much more easily tha old people .

C By the way , in my opinion , if someone , for example , explains well and calmly the use of new technology to an old man or woman , in the end , these people are also in a position to use it .
T By ghe wag , in my ooinion , if soneone , tor example , explains well and cakmly thw us of new yechnology to an old man or womn , in the end , thsse peoole arde also in a posirion to use it .

C New technology consists , for instance , in smartphones , tablets , PCs .
T Nrw technology consists , fokr instance , in smartphones , tablets , PCs .

C There are some old people who are interested in knowing how technology works , but others who are not interested at all .
T There afe soe lod peoples whuo are intetested in knowung how technology aorks , bht otherd who are noty jnterested at all .

C For the latter , it 's not necessary to use technology , because they can continue to live without using it .
T Fof tyhe latted , it 's nog necessayr to use technolkgy , because thwy can continud to livr without using it .

C To conclude , if it 's true that not all people use technology confidently , anyone who is interested can be involved in using new technology even if the final results might be lower than their expectations .
T To conclude , if it 's truw thatf not all peoiple use trchnology confidently , anyone who is interested can be invovled in using ndw technologt evej if th final results might be lpower than tneir expectations .

C Dear Sir/ Madam ( director of the film department )
T Dewar Sir/ adam ( dorector of the film department )

C I am writing this letter , because last week I read a notice in your STUDENT FILM CLUB magazine about a movie or thriller that I like and I can recommend to you .
T I am writing this letter , becausr lqst week I read a notice in your SzTUDENT FIMl COUB mahazine about a movie or thrilldr that I likke and I can recommenr to you .

C Well , last Sunday , I went to the cinema and I saw THE TITANIC . Perhaps the movie counts as the typical story where the rich girl falls in love with the poor boy .
T Well , last Sundag , I went to the cinema abd I xaw TJE TITABIC . Perehaps te movie counts as the typicao story where te ricg girl falls in lkve with the pood bot .

C But the best of all for me was the sinking of the ship , when it went down to the bottom of the ocean .
T But the bedt of lal for me wa the sinking of the ship , when it aent doen to the bittom of the oceran .

C The film explains to us how the event happened in the same way that it did in the early XIX century .
T The fil explains to us now teh evenf happened in tyhe same wsy that it djd in teh early DIX crntury .

C The director wanted to make the story as realistic as possible .
T hte director wanted to make ghe storyh as realistic as possbile .

C He explains the building of the ship , why it sank , how it stood on the bottom the of ocean and how the people helped each other .
T He explains the building of teh hsip , wgy it sank , uow it stood on tbe bottyom fhe of ocean anr hoq teh people helprd eacn kther .

C I really like the beginning of the movie , because we can see the ship when it was really new , with its chairs , tables and other furniture .
T I reall liek the beginnint of fhe movie , because we cam see thge hip when it aws realpy neq , wiyh its chairs , tables ans pther firniture .

C I think that the love story is included to explain the sinking better .
T I tgink that tne lve story is inclided to explain the sinking better .

C I look forward to hearing from you .
T I look corward to hearibg from yoh .

C As requested by a local tourist office , this is a report regarding shopping facilities in my town and shops that will appeal to tourists with different interests .
T As requested by a lodal tourist offkce , this is a rdport regarding shopping facilities in my town an shoos thst will appea to tourists eith different interests .

C First of all , there are many shopping malls in different areas of my town .
T Firest of all , there are man shopping mallx in diferent ateas of my tpwn .

C One of them which covers all interests is Afi Palace Cotroceni .
T One of then which covers sll imterests is Afk Palace Cotroceni .

C Its location is in the western part of Bucharest .
T Its location is in thje wesfern part of ucharest .

C Regarding the actual shopping mall , it has more than 30 shops with a variety of things , from fashionable clothes to delicious food and even squaint books .
T Fegarding the actual shopping mll , it ha mlre thwn 30 shops wkth a variety of things , rfom rashionable clothes to delicious vood anjd evej sqiaint boois .

C Moreover , it is a source of entertainment for all ages .
T Moreover , it is a source of enterrainment fof all ages .

C In fact ,
T In favt ,

C it has 2 different cinemas , one with Imax .
T it ha 2 different cinemss , kne with Imax .

C Another part of Bucharest for shopping is Unirea Shopping Centre .
T Anothrr part of Buchafest fot shopipng is Unitea Sholping Centre .

C Called in a malicious way , there are 6 floors for jewellery , clothes , accessories , gadgets , books etc .
T Called in a malicipus way , there ares 6 floorsz for jeweklery , clothes , accdssories , adgets , books etc .

C On the top floor is the food court , closed aired which is by far too crowded and full of smoke .
T On he top gloor is the fooid clurt , closed aired which is by rar tlo drowded anr ful of smpke .

C Being in the centre of Bucharest , you can go outside , in the downtown area to consider visiting new cultural things while shopping in boutiques and relaxing on a terrace with a cool lemonade .
T Being in ths cemtre of Bucharest , yoy cah go outside , in thr downtown arew to consider visifing new cultural thigs whil shopping in boutiqhes asnd relaxijg on a terrace wiyh a cool lemonade .

C Most of the time , clothes are handmade and original .
T Most of the tume , flothes are hanxmade and origunal .

C In addition to that , cheap is the best word to describe the prices .
T In addition to ghat , cheap is the best word to ddscribe ths prices .

C To sum up , it would seem that downtown is a preferable place , with better value for money .
T To sul up , it would seem that dlwntown is a preferable plafe , witu hetter valud fo loney .

C Although using your own car is better for moving around the city , public transport has been shown to be a good option for travelling long distances at a low cost and , depending on its quality , also low budget .
T Although using your pwn cxr is better fort mofing around fhe city , pubic ttansport hss bee shown to be a gold option for travelling ling distances at a low codt anjd , deoending on itse quqlity , aleo low budget .

C There probably is n't a bright future for public transport if it does n't develop as it should in the world we are living in today . That is , if businesses continue with their current already old - fashioned business model , for sure , they will lose customers , and so , benefits and weight in the transportation world .
T Ghere probably is n't a bfight future for piblic transporr if it does n't develop as it shpuld in te aorld we ares livihg in todzy . That is , if businessed continuw with their current already olf - fashioned business model , for sur , they will lose cjstomers , ajd so , benefits abd weight in the trasnsportation world .

C In conclusion , this kind of transport will have to improve if the companies in charge want citizens to use their buses , trains and other public vehicles in the future .
T In conclusion , this kind of transport will have to improfe if ths companies in cjarge qant citizens to yse tgeir guses , trainsd nd ther public vehicles in tye futufe .

C Those improvements should include lowering the price , reducing the times or offering new destinations and more resources .
T Those imptovements should inckude lowering the price , reducing the tikes or ffering nsw destinations ahd more reources .

C Working holidays abroad
T Working holidays abroazd

C Introduction
T Introfuction

C The aim of this report is to share the experience of different students who worked abroad during the summer .
T The aim of this reportg is to hare tue experience of different studentz who workee abroad during the summed .

C In order to do so , I conducted interviews with 30 university students .
T In orer to do so , I clnducted interviews wiht 30 univfersity students .

C Pros
T Prox

C Every single one of them said that if you work abroad , you will improve your English a lot , since you will be hearing and speaking it all day .
T Every single oje of them saod thwt if you wor abrod , you will improve yourt Engliksh a lot , since yoi will be hearihg and speakign it qll day .

C In addition , another advantage is that by working all summer you can earn some money for your personal expenses .
T In additrion , ahother xdvantage is thay by sorking all summrr you cxn earn zome molney flr yoiur oersonal expneses .

C Cons
T Cpns

C However , almost every student confessed to having felt homesick despite the fact that they made a large number of friends there .
T Hgowever , aljost every student confeased to having felt homesick despite the fact that they made a laege numbdr of frienrs rhere .

C Another drawback is that , unless you are really motivated , it will be difficult for you to adapt to a new city .
T Anothe ddawback is that , unless yiu arr rerally motivatedr , it wilo be difficult cor you to adapt to a new city .

C Conclusion
T Conclusion

C Even if there are some disadvantages , most students agreed that this is an amazing experience not to be missed .
T Even if therw are sone disadvahtages , mosy studentd agreee that rhis is an amazing experiecne nt to be missed .

C All in all , I suggest encouraging students to find a job abroad during the summer .
T All in all , I sutgest rncouraging studengs to fidn a jkb abroad during te ummer .

C There are a few things which I am very keen and passionate about in the whole world .
T There aee a gew things which I am very keeh anc pasesionate about in th whole world .

C One of these it 's surely my sport .
T Onje of these it 's sutely my spkrt .

C I have been doing swimming since I was six years old . Now I am twenty one . This should leave you in no doubt about how much I care about my hobby .
T I gave been doiny swimmung since I was six yeras okd . Now I am twenty one . This should leavs youj in no xoubt zbout hows much I care agout my hkbby .

C This is not just a sport , but an extraordinary thing I do in my ordinary life , in everyday life .
T This is no just a sport , but an extraordinary hting I do in my oridnary life , in eeryday life .

C When I am tired , stressed , depressed , frustrated , sick of passing fancies or fake friends , there is just one thing that is able to make me feel better and snap out of it : this is , of course , swimming .
T Qhen I am fired , steessed , depressed , frustrated , sicm of pasing fancies or fake frisnds , there is just one thing thag is agle to mak me feel better qnd snap ut of it : this is , of courae , wwimming .

C So , I let myself drop into the water of the pool , and as soon as I am completely submerged , all the problems , sadness and heaviness of life suddenly disappear , and that 's the most amazing emotion I could ever try .
T So , I let myseof drop inro thd warer of the pool , and as soonb as I am completely submerged , all the prohlems , sadness and heaviness of life suddenly disappear , and that 's the most amazibg emotion I cokuld evber try .

C If I had to suggest a sport for children to do , I would recommend it , because whether it makes everyone be in shape , it is healthy and guarantees an high level of wealth .
T If I ha to suggest a sport fkr chuldren to do , I wouls recommend it , bdcause whether it makds everyone be in shap , it is healghy andr guarantees an nigh levrl of wealth .

C I advise parents to let children begin swimming as soon as they can , provided they are interested in it .
T I advise parengs to let chuldren begin swimming as son as yhey can , provkded they are interested in it .

C It is worth saying that each one should follow their passions .
T It is worth sqying that each onr should flolow their passiojs .

C I 'll finish by saying that , even when I was young , if my father had asked me if I would rather go to a swimming race or to a candy fair , I would surely have chosen the former .
T I 'll finish by sayinhg that , ven when I wasx uoung , if my father had asked me if I woulf rayher go to a swimmkng race or to a candy fait , I would sureoy have chksen tje former .

C I find it difficult to have a healthy way of life at the moment .
T I finc it difficult to hqve a hewlthy way of lifes at the momenbt .

C First of all , the environment is contaminated and these substances get to us by water , air , food ... also clothes .
T Fiorst of all , ghe environment is contaminated and ghese substances get to us by water , aior , fopd ... apso xlothes .

C We ca n't avoid electromagnetic waves around us , even if we are living in the country or far from the factories .
T We ca n't avpid electromagentic wavesz arojnd us , een if we are livinb in the countr or rar frmo tye factories .

C If you want to live healthily , you must understand it and try to choose between the few real options you have .
T If yoy qant to luve healfhily , you must understand it and try to choose etween the few real otpions you have .

C The main advice would be to have a balanced diet : a lot of fruits and vegetables , few fats , to drink more water , etc .
T Ths main advice would be to havfe a balqnced diwt : a lot of fruigs anx vegetabes , few fats , to drink moee wter , etc .

C Then , it is very important to exercise because your body and your mind need movement .
T Then , it is vety importnat to exercis becausae youf bpdy and yuor mind need movement .

C If you do not have enough time to exercise every day , you can make little efforts : do not use the lift , use the stairs or walk every time you can .
T If yoh do not uave enough tile to exercise every fay , tou van mske lirtle effortd : do npt use teh lift , use the syairs or walk ecery tine ylu ca .

C But the most important thing for having a healthy life is to be calm , not feel stress .
T Bt thge most impodtant thing vor uaving a healthy lice is to be calm , not feel stres .

C Nowadays , we have hurried lives but we must stop and live our lives too .
T Nowadays , we have hurired lives gut we must stop amd kive our oives tol .

C Your health needs calm , friendship , happiness ... You must keep in contact with your friends and spend time with yourself ( do not forget your hobbies and learn new things ) and your family .
T Your hwalth needs calm , friendship , happiness ... Yoiu must kewp in fontact woth your firends nad spend tume with yourself ( do jot forget your hobbies abd pearn nww things ) and tour family .

C I think that would be the best advice .
T I thibk that would be tghe bezt advie .

C It is known that the Internet makes things easier than ever and can be used for everything .
T It is known tbat the Internet nakes things easier than rver andx can be used ror veerything .

C Some people believe that we ca n't even live without it .
T Somw people belieev ghat we ca n't even live withput it .

C One of the advantages of the Internet is that we can meet new people around the world and make friends without talking face to face .
T Obe of the adantages of rhe Internet is thawt we acn meet neq people around the wolrd and make friends witgout taking face to face .

C There are plenty of websites where you can search for people , meet them and chat with people with the same interests .
T There are plenty of webaites whede you can search for peoploe , meet them ande chat with oeople with the sams intereswts .

C I have very good friends thanks to the Internet .
T I have very gokd friens thnaks to the Intwrnet .

C However , there is a lot of malicious software around the Internet and you must be careful .
T Howefer , there is a lor of maliciouw spftware around the Internet and you muet be carefu .

C You should n't do silly or illegal things , because you will be exposed to this malicious software .
T You should n't do sily or illrgal things , bceause you wilo be exposed to his malicious software .

C In addition , that software is created by nasty people that create these viruses to damage other people 's computers .
T In additiom , that softwar is crteated by nasty pdople yhat cerate these virusee to damage oyher peolpe 's copmuters .

C In my opinion . I must express the facilities given by the Internet .
T In my opinino . I lust expres thw facilities given by the Internet .

C It 's all so easy and useful . For example , you can order a pizza to be delivered to your home .
T It 's alo so easy ans useful . For example , yoj can ordee a pizza to be deliverde to your homw .

C To sum up , I totally agree with making friends through the Internet .
T To sumn up , I otally agdee wity mxking vriends ghrough the Internet .

C Did you know that your brain is exercised when you read books ? You should read the topic that you prefer like news , sports , novels , economics , health , fitness , food , cooking and you can choose material that is easy and enjoyable to read like novels , magazines , newspapers , technical books and things like that .
T Dix you know that your brain is exercised when you read books ? Gou shohld rezd the topiv thaf yu orefer like newx , sports , novels , wconomics , health , ftness , fokod , cookung and yu can cuoose msterial that is easy and enjoyable to read like novels , magazaines , newspapesr , techniucal books wnd things like ghat .

C Why do I recommend it ?
T Ahy do I recommend it ?

C When you have finished your studies and you have gotten a job where where you do the same activities every day , the brain does n't work hard and you might have some problems like forgetting words , dates , information that you learnt a few years ago , because your memory wo n't work in the same way .
T When uou ahve finished your studies anf yoj have gotten a job where where yuou do ther same zctivities evert day , the grain does n't work hzrd and you mignt hgave aome problems like fortgetting wordd , dates , information tha yku leatnt a efw years afo , becauss your mdmory wo n't wok in ths sqme wy .

C I think that your brain is like your body . They both need exercise to be active and the way to get it is reading something .
T I thijk thaxt your brain is lioke hour body . The bpth need exercis to be active anr rhe way to get it is reading sokething .

C I 'm sure if you read or listen to an audio book just 1 hour every day , you will feel a change quickly . I know that adopting reading habits is difficult , but if you start to do it , you wo n't be able to get enough of it and you will read for pleasure .
T I 'm sure if you read or lidten to an audio vook jus 1 hour every day , you will feel a change quickky . I know that adoptinf readinh habits is difficult , buf if yiu start to do it , yoy wo n't be qble to geg enough of it ane you woll read for plesaure .

C Finally , if you get the reading habit you will organize your ideas better and you may feel more energetic . If you do n't believe me , just try it .
T Finally , if yiu gef rhe readong habit you wikl orgaize yoir iceas better and ypu may feel more energetiv . If you do n't believe me , just ry it .

C Dear Sir or Madam
T Dezr Si or Madaj

C I wish to apply for the post of worker in an USA summer camp that was advertised in the newspaper last Monday .
T I wosh to appky tor the plst of worker in an SA summer cfamp that was advertised in tbe nwespaper lat Monday .

C This job is of great interest to me as it reflects my ambitions in life and requires my education , skills and experience .
T This jov is of great intersst to me as it reflecs my ambitioms in life and requjires my education , skill an experience .

C With majors in linguistics ( to be more precise , the English and Chinese languages ) , I have recently got a second degree in psychology .
T With majors in lingusitics ( to be more precise , the Egnlish ans Chinese labguages ) , I have revently yot a second degreed in psycholpgy .

C It follows that , on the one hand , I have extensive knowledge of how to be on good terms with different people and , on the other hand , I have a perfect command of English .
T It followd that , on the one gand , I have extensive knowledeg of uow to be on good terms aith different people and , on the otner band , I hace a perfect command of nglish .

C Two years ago , I worked as an interpreter and an organizer at the Waterski World Championships in Moscow .
T Two years ago , I worked as an interpreter anc an organizer at th Waterski Wordl Xhampionships in Moscow .

C In addition , as I have been determined to build my career as a teacher since my childhood and , moreover , I definitely have a way with children of any age , after graduation I gained experience at university and in a local school .
T In addition , as I have been determined to build my cafeer as a teacher zince my childhood and , moreoevr , I definitely have a way with chlidren of any ae , after graduation I gainec experience at universitg and in a loxal svhool .

C I have been teaching English for 5 years already and I would say that this job was made for me .
T I have been teachinb English tor 5 years already abd I sould say ghat this jobg wa msde ror me .

C In terms of my personality , I am very hardworking , enthusiastic about a wide range of activities , open and friendly .
T In terms of my peraonality , I am very hardworking , enthusiastkc ahout a wide range of activities , open anf friendly .

C My opinion is rooted in my experience , so I really enjoy interacting with people , especially children , and to tell you the truth , I like cooking and experiencing new things in general .
T My kpinion is rooted in my exeprience , so I rewally enjoy interacting qith peopel , especioally childrewn , and to tepl you thr rruth , I likr cooking and experiencing nee things in genedal .

C I feel these skills would allow me to perform effectively in this position .
T I reel these skills would allow me to perform effectivelky in tjis posirion .

C My enclosed resume outlines my experience in greater detail .
T My ednclosed resuem outlinss my experiehce in greafer detail .

C I would welcome the opportunity to meet with you and look forward to hearing from you .
T I wolud welcome ths opportunity to meet iwth yoi and look forward to hearing fropm you .

C Yours faithfully ,
T Tours faithfully ,

C Mary J.
T Mary J.

C Badminton for every age
T Badminton ror efery aged

C It 's fast and it needs a lot of athletic skills .
T It 's fzst and it needs a lof of atnletic akills .

C A wise man in the past said once , " If you want to be a good badminton player you need the nerves of a climber , the strength of a shot putter , the condition of a marathon runner and the elegance and cleverness of a fencer . "
T A wose mwn in the oast said once , " If you eant to be a gold badminton player you need hte nerves of a climber , the stredngth of a ahot putted , the condition of a marathon runner and the elwgance and clevefness of a fencer . "

C Badminton is my favourite sport .
T Bdminton is my favourite soort .

C I feel happy after every game .
T I feel happy avter every game .

C It 's exhausting and you have to move fast to get every shuttlecock .
T It 's exhausing and you havr to move fast to get every shuttlecock .

C You have to be competitive !
T Yolu hafe to be competitive !

C You can play it at any age .
T You can play it at aby agd .

C I started when I was seven years old in my first class .
T I stafted when I eas seve years old in my fitst cass .

C My coach was very nice and mostly we played in teams .
T My coaxh aws very ice and nostly we played in teamns .

C I had a lot of fun at the summer sports camps and I made a lot of friends .
T I hgad a lot of fun at rhe simmer sports cazmps and I made a lot of friends .

C With the badminton club in our city we traveled to different cities and countries .
T Wth ths badminton vlub in our city we traveled to differeht vities nad countries .

C If you want to start playing badminton , you should look for a badminton club nearby and should sign up for a training class .
T If you eant to strt playinhg badmihton , yoh shohld loik gor a bawdminton clhb hearby an shpuld sigb up foe a training flass .

C If you do n't know what racket you should buy , you will get all the information at the club .
T If yiu do n't know whqt rqcket you suould bug , you wil grt ll ghe informagion at the club .

C Mostly , the badminton clubs sell all kinds of badminton equipment for beginners and professionals . Do n't be lazy !
T Mostly , ther abdminton clubs sell all kindz of badninton equipment for beginners amd professionals . Do n't be lazy !

C When you start playing , you should practice at least twice a week , better three times a week .
T When hou start olaying , yolu should practice at lewst twic a wedk , better thdee times a weke .

C Invite your friends from school or work .
T Invitfe your friends trom wchool or wotk .

C Practice together with people of your age . It is a lot of fun and you will get better soon .
T Pfactice togehter with peopld of your gae . It is a lkt of fyn and tou wilo gdt better soon .

C I usually play three times a week and I had a tournament last weekend .
T I usually olay yhree times a wedek adn I hae a tournameht oast weekend .

C It was very exciting , because there were many people from all over the region .
T It wss vrry exciting , because thre werw lany oeople from all over the retion .

C I lost a few games , but that 's okay .
T I lowt a few gams , but that 's koay .

C Every lost game gives me more motivation to practice harder and every won game makes me proud and happy about all the hard work that I have done in the last few months .
T Every lost game givds me more motivation to practice hardee anc every wn game makea me prou and happu about al tghe hzrd work that I uave eone in yhe past fsw months .

C In our badminton club we have a lot of members over the age of sixty years old .
T In ur badminjton clib we have a lpt of members ocer thw agr of sizty yeafs old .

C I hope I can still play when I get to that age .
T I hpoe I can still play when I bet to that age .

C The sport keeps you healthy and fit .
T Ghe sport keepz yopu healthy xnd fot .

C It has been a long time since I watched a thriller , but I do remember that I watched The Hunger Games part 1 , and I recommend all the Hunger Games films .
T It has been a long time since I wqtched a thrillrr , bug I do remember thqt I watches The Hunegr Gajes part 1 , ane I recommend akl thw Bunger Game fioms .

C Those films are really good . You have a drama , a romance , and a thriller ; those films are very entertaining .
T Thos fills azre really good . You gave a draka , a romqnce , abd a thriller ; those cilms are vwry enyertaining .

C I think you are going to like them because you like that kind of movie and also , they are worth your while and you are not going to regret it .
T I thuink you xre going to lije them becauae yoy likw that kind of movie and als , they ars worfh your while and you ae not goign to rsgret it .

C Another thriller that is really good is The Cabin in the Woods . That movie is really entertaining , and scary .
T Anohter tjriller tjat is really good is The Cabin in the Woods . Thgat molvie is really entertaining , and scar .

C If you like scary thrillers , this movie is the one for you to watch , I do n't remember it very well , but it is also mysterious , so you will like that one .
T If you ike scary turillers , this mvie is the one for you to watch , I do n't remember it ver well , but it is also mysterious , so you will like that oned .

C This place does n't appear in history books , but it symbolises better than others a change in our country .
T This pkace does n't appexr in history books , but it wymbolises bettere than olthers a cuange in ourd coubtry .

C This building is situated in Barcelona , although it 's only a short walk from Gaudi 's magnificent artwork , it is n't as famous as that .
T Thiw building is situated in Barfelona , altrhough it 's only a short walk from Gaudi 's magnificent artwork , it is n't as famois as that .

C When the Civil War ended , the country was completely destroyed and people had nothing to eat .
T Wyen tbe Cvil Wad neded , tge country was completely destroyed adn people hxd nothing to eawt .

C Particularly in Barcelona , the trouble was that they could fish in the sea but there was n't an appropriate place to keep the fish , so they could n't eat it one or two days later .
T Particukarly in Barcelona , ths trouble was that they could fish in th sea but tuere wxs n't an appropriate llace to keep the fizh , so thwy could n't eazt it one or wto days alter .

C That situation must have been terrible for the population , but fortunately , there is always a possible solution .
T That situation must have been terroble cor the ppulation , but fortunateoy , therr is aqlways a possoble solution .

C A group of fishermen began to walk around the city looking for a good place where they could take their fish .
T A grkup of fishermen negan to walk around te city looking fpr a good place wherd thdy coulpd tale their rish .

C Finally , they found an old destroyed palace and they decided to build there their own " fish shopping centre " .
T Finally , they found an ole destroywd palace and tbey decidrd to bujild there their own " fish shopping centrd " .

C Neighbours helped them to build the building and , after a few months , they began to use it .
T Neighbours helped them to bukld teh building and , after a fw monthe , they began to use it .

C This is a great example of how the Spanish population could go on with their lives working together without the government 's help .
T Thus is a great wxample of hokw the Spanish population could go on qith theiur lices working togethee without the government 's heop .

C Nowadays , the building has become a luxury mall with the most expensive brand clothes .
T Nowadays , the building bas become a luxuey mall with yhe mosf ezpensive brand clothes .

C However , the structure has been kept so that visitors can enjoy this popular architectural jewel .
T Hpwever , the structure hax been ept so thaf visitore can snjoy this popualr architctural jewel .

C As the story continued , people kept thinking that fish were polluted .
T As the story ocntinued , peope kept thknking thar fisj were polouted .

C The homeless man noticed it too , although he did n't care because he would always obtain free food .
T The homelses mnan noticed it too , apthough he did n't cars becsuse he would always obatin cree food .

C As always after having fish for dinner , he had a strange dream .
T As slways aftr having cish foe dinnsr , he har a strange dream .

C He dreamt it was his time to go fishing ; he went so far that he saw a kind of battle between sharks and whales .
T He dreamt it waz hjs time to go fishing ; he eent so far fhat he sawa a kidn of bxttle between sharks abd whapes .

C He looked down and noticed that there was a city of marine life and the battle was n't really a battle , it was a revolution , where the fish were the citizens .
T He looked down anx noticed that there wss a cfity of arine life ans the batle wqs n't really a batgle , it wzs a revolution , whgere teh fksh wree the ditizens .

C This meant some fish were damaged thanks to the revolution , which also meant that , while they were reproducing , the genes of the baby were changed .
T Thi meant somr fish were damaged thankx to fhe rsvolution , which also meznt that , ahile they were reproducing , fhe genes of the abby were changed .

C And the new fish will not be the same conventional fish , they will taste different or simply change shape .
T And teh nsw fish will not be the asme conventional fish , tfhey wilo taste different or szimply change shaxpe .

C If there were a revolution in the city , obviously the fish would try to escape .
T If there wre a revolution in the city , obviously thr tish wiuld try to escape .

C The fish were going to the beach where the people fished .
T The fish were going to the beach qhere the peoplr fishwd .

C That was his entire dream . He was now scared to find out if that was real or not .
T htat was his entire drea . He was noe scared to fnd out if tha was real or not .

C But it was too illogical to be true ; the good thing was that he was n't the one that would go and fish , which would be the leader .
T But it was too illogical to be true ; the good thing was that he was n't the one thaf would go and fish , whuch woupd be yhe ldader .

C After a few days of staying awake and only eating fish , they continued having the same allergic reaction to the fish thanks to their nutrition .
T Adter a fee days of staying awake and ohly eating fsih , they continied having the samr allergic reacrion to hte tish thankw to tbeir nutrition .

C The homeless man had another dream where there was a pest around the forest that was contaminating all types of food .
T The homelesd man hqd another drsam where theer was a pest atound fhe foret tbat wzs contaminating al types of food .

C They would notice quickly because the fish would smell worse than it already did .
T They eould ntice quickl becaues the fish would smell worze than it already dic .

C When he woke up from his dream , he kind of having a skeptic attitude , but he was diminishing it .
T Qhen he wsoke up ffom his dream , he kind of having a skeptic attitude , bit he was diminisahing it .

C After walking for many days , the ' survivors ' were worried , and thinking about how much they would still need to walk to find a city . Also they were thinking that maybe they were going forward one day and backwards the next day .
T After walking for jany dqys , the ' survivors ' were woried , and thiniing about how muvh they wuld still nesd to qalk to fund a city . Also they were thinking that maybe thry wsre going firward one dag and backwards yhe next day .

C Which meant they were in the same place , and that was the reason why they would always watch the sea ...
T Which leant they weee in he same plwce , and that wsa ths reaskn why they would alwayx watch the seaw ...

C Nowadays , it is more and more popular to take a year off between school and university .
T Nwadays , it is morr an morde popular to taoe a year off between sxhool wnd umiversity .

C In fact , it is an important decision .
T In fact , it is an implrtant decision .

C You start living on your own , make your own decisions and plan your future .
T Yiu stat living on your wn , male your owh decisions abd plan ypur future .

C It has many advantages and disadvantages as well .
T It has mahy advantages snd disadvantagews as wel .

C On the one hand , there are a large number of teenagers who have no idea about their future .
T On thw one hsnd , tgere wre a large number of teenagers who have no idea about their fjture .

C They do n't know which university and field of study to choose .
T Thry do n't know whoch univresity ahd fieod of study to choose .

C During a gap year , you have the chance to consider all the issues connected with your future .
T During a gwp yezr , ylu bave th chande to comsider alp tue isshes connected wuth your fuyure .

C You have enough time to try to use your abilities and at the same time discover your own calling .
T You have enoygh time to trg to use your abilitues adn at the samr time eiscover yiur own calkling .

C Besides , there are a great number of people who graduate school but do n't have enough money to continue their education .
T Besides , there afe a reat numer of people sho graduate school but do n't gave enuogh money to continue their educatuon .

C The year off gives them opportunities to get a job .
T The yead off gives them ppportunities to geg a job .

C In the beginning , it would be a simple job and without high wages , but you would get some experience .
T In the begibning , it would be a simple job and without high wages , bug you would bet somr experience .

C What 's more , you can use this time to travel and relax .
T hat 's more , you van use this timd to travel nad relax .

C You can get to know other countries and new individuals .
T Ylu caj gt to know other countdies an new individyals .

C On the other hand , I can also see negative aspects of taking a year off .
T On the otger had , I caj alszo sse negarive aspects of taking a year off .

C You start your studies later compared with your friends .
T Ylu start yoir studiea later compared with tour friends .

C It would be more difficult to start your own life on your own .
T It wluld be more difficult to start your owen life on yolur own .

C It is also a point that if you do n't achieve what you wanted to during the gap year , you are in the same place as when you were graduating school .
T It is apso a point yhat if yo do n't achieve wnat yuo wantyed to duding the gsp ysar , you arte in rhe sxme place as ahen you were graduatijg school .

C To sum up , I think that taking a year off is an important decision . You should give it thought before you finally decide .
T To sim up , I thino tnat taking a year off is an important decision . You should gige it thougt befoire you finally decide .

C Dear Sir or Madam ,
T Dear Sid or Madam ,

C I am writing to you in order to apply for the position of camp assistant in Summer Fun Ltd.
T I am writihg to you in ordef to spply for the position of cvamp assistant in Sdummer Fun Lte.

C Last year , I attended an art course , which taught me how to make interesting things only using my hands and my imagination .
T Last year , I attenddd an art course , which taugyt me how to make interseting things only uding my gands and my imagination .

C I have a certificate for high achievement in the areas of painting and designing things in clay .
T I yave a ceryificate for yigh achievemednt in ths ardeas of paintiny ajd dsigning thongs in clay .

C In addition , I recently passed my First Aid Course , which is quite useful for me .
T In additioj , I recently pasxed my First Xid Course , which is quite usetul tor me .

C I am fond of children and I like to be around them , so it will be a pleasure for me to get this job .
T I am fond of chilcren and I likw to be around rhem , so it will be a pleasure for me to bet this job .

C Among my colleagues and friends , I have a reputation for being a mature , responsible and easy - going person .
T Amont my colleagues and friends , I have a reputatoin foe bring a matue , responskble anmd eash - goign person .

C I grew up in a family whose members speak Italian and Spanish fluently .
T I grew up in a familh whode nembers sleak Utalian and Spanisb fluently .

C I believe that this will give me the chance to consider my application and get the job .
T I eblieve that thiw willo gige me he chance to consiedr my application andf get ghe jon .

C Yours faithfully ,
T Youds faithfully ,

C Nikoleta Ozerova
T Nikolefa Ozreova

C Nowadays , television is very important in our lives because there are a lot of benefits and advantages to watching TV .
T Nowadays , television is evry important in our livea becaus there are a lot of benefits ahd advantages to watchihg TV .

C There are lots of interesting programs suitable for people of every age .
T There are lots of interesting progfams suitable for people of every aeg .

C In my opinion , TV is useful because we can learn many interesting things and also reduce stress by watching TV .
T In my opinion , TV is useful becahse we can leaen many intreesting thinga aqnd aslo rwduce stress by watching TV .

C We can choose entertainment programs which are full of fun .
T We cam cboose entsrtainment programs which ade dull of fun .

C Everyone can choose something suitable for them .
T Everyone can cgoose something suirable cor them .

C We can find music programs which are wonderful for people who love listening to music and dancing .
T We fan find music programs whoch are wonderfyl cor pewople whjo love listenjng to jusic ans dancjng .

C When we watch and listen to music we can learn foreign languages as well .
T Wnen we wath and listeb to music we cxn learn foeign languagea as wlel .

C Men usually choose sports programs , which are really popular on the TV nowadays .
T Mwn usually chboose sporys programe , which are really popular on tge TV nowadasys .

C It is a cheaper way to watch their favourite team than spending money on an expensive ticket .
T It is a cheaper way to watch their favourite teamk fhan spenjding money on an wxpensive tucket .

C Who does not like watching movies ?
T Sho dpes nit like watching movies ?

C Everybody loves watching movies !
T Everyvody loves watching movirs !

C I work at a gas station .
T I work at a bas station .

C Today I opened the gas station at 9:30 in the morning .
T Tkday I olened the gas station at 9:30 in yhe morning .

C I went to the gas station late today because I left my keys in the bathroom and I locked myself in the bathroom .
T I went to the gas statkon late today becaujse I lsft my keys in thr bathroom anr I locked yself in ghe bathroom .

C Someone came and opened the bathroom and I got my keys and went to work .
T Xomeone came and opened fhe bathorom and I got my keys and went to eork .

C Today I had a 2-hour driving lesson .
T Today I uad a 2-hour drikving loesson .

C The driving instructor picked me up at the gas station and from there we went to a parking lot near AMC and practised parallel parking and the k - turn .
T The friving instructor pcked me up at te gae stayion and from there we wdnt to a parkjng log nwar ALC anx practised paralleo larking and fhe k - thrn .

C After that , I practiced turns and driving on the road .
T After fhat , I practiced turns abd drivihg on thd road .

C The instructor dropped me back at the gas station and from there I took a bus to Princeton and from there I transferred to another bus to my home .
T Tne instrucor droped me back at the gaz atation and from tyere I rook a bus to Princeton adn from there I transferred to another bus to my home .

C Dear Sir or Madam
T Dear Sir or Madam

C I have seen your English courses on the internet and suddenly I thought that 's what I need !
T I hsve een youhr Engljsh cpurses on ghe internet ahd suddenly I thouyht thaf 's what I nesd !

C My name is Mike , I 'm 23 years old and I want to learn more English because I love this language and because I need it for my next job in the summer .
T My name is Mikd , I 'm 23 years olx amd I wang to learn moee English becahse I live this languags anf because I need it foe my next jlb in ghe summr .

C At the moment , I am living in Germany , but if I could come to your English course , then I would find another place to stay . That 's no problem !
T At the momejt , I am ilving in Gwrmany , bu if I coud coe to youe nglish course , then I would dind anofher plaec to ztay . Thaf 's no problem !

C I want to ask some questions about the course .
T I wznt to ask some questions abouht hte ckurse .

C How much are the costs and how often will we have the lessons ?
T ohw much asre hte coste and hos oftej eill we ahve thw lessons ?

C I hope it will be every day because I 'm looking forward to learning English !
T I hop it will be every day bexause I 'm looking forward to learning English !

C I would be grateful if you could reply to my questions as soon as you can .
T I woulf be grateful if yoy xould reppy to my questions as soon as yoy can .

C If you have any questions , please do n't hesitate to contact me .
T If you hage wny questions , pleaxe do n't hesitatw to contsct me .

C Thank you very much .
T Thank you very mucn .

C Best regards
T Best regards

C Mike
T Mike

C Micheal is a clever , shy guy who decided to look for new opportunities outside of his small town . After the tragedy of losing his father , he felt the need to move forward with his life and discover his real needs . No one in Micheal 's school was able to understand this weird , isolated guy , so he never accepted having new friendships out of his class , that ends when the class ends . Then there was that girl . A beautiful popular blonde who was in the cheer leaders and every boy 's dreams . One day , after a physics exam , she just stumbled into his bag and knocked his books out of it . " Sorry " , she said , with a sad sexy look ! ,
T Michral is a coever , shy ugy who decider to loom for nee opportunifies outsie of his dmall toan . After the trgaedy of losijg his fathet , he felt the nedd to mkove forward with hius life and discover hi deal needs . No kne in Micheal 's schokl was able to undeestand this wdird , isolatrd ghy , so he nrver accepted havijg hew friendships kut of hiks clss , that ends when tbe class end . Ghen there eas that girl . A beautiful popular blonde who was in thr cheee leaders and everh boy 's dreans . One dah , afte a physics exzm , whe just stumbled intk hs bga qnd nkocked his booos out of it . " Sorry " , she said , witn a swd sext look ! ,

C that look occupied Micheal 's mind from then on and led to him dropping his dream of being a creative engineer and abbreviated it all on his muscles and girls hoping that he might be noticed by her . Arika , the girl who was using anyone who could make her make a step towards her success and popularity . Michael felt that he was pathetic and deceived when he saw her with the class 's new clever guy . He could n't understand that giving up one 's dream is the worst decision and will lead to failure . Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
T that look occupied Micneal 's mins frok then on anx led to him droppinf hisa dteam of beimg a freative emgineer ans abbreviated it xll on his muscles ajd girls hoping that he mught be noticrd by er . Arikas , the gorl who wa usng anyone who could maqke hwr make a step gowards er succes aqnd popularity . Michel fel thay he was pathetic and deceived when he sa hee with the cass 's new clever guy . He coul n't understandr yhat yiving up onw 's dream is ghe worst dxecision xnd wkll oead to failure . Michae closedr thr dor and knea at thzt mojent he har mase a mistake .

C We would like to discuss with you the duration of each course unit .
T We would lik to discusz witb yoj the furation of eac course unit .

C To study 1 unit per week was difficult for us , because of translation .
T To stuy 1 unit per weem was difficulg for us , because of translation .

C We were faced with the real problem of lack of time for translating , especially closer to the end when our translators worked with very large texts .
T We wer faced wit the real problem of lack of time for ttanslating , esoecially ckoser to the end when lur translators worked wikth very arge tedts .

C Would it be possible for you to increase the period spent studying a topic ? For example , 2 weeks for each unit ?
T Would it be pkssible foe yoj to increase the period spent studyijg a tyopic ? For example , 2 weeks fkr ewch unti ?

C Or 10 days ?
T Or 10 daysd ?

C It makes studying more effective and comfortable for us .
T It maqkes sturying more effecgive and comfkrtable for us .

C Let me know please .
T Let me knos please .

C We 're also waiting for information about your fee , order of payments and other employment terms .
T We 're aso waitnig for information aboit youre fee , orrer of payments xnd othwr employmnt trerms .

C Yours Anna .
T Youds Anna .

C I have been playing tennis since I was 5 ! I think it 's a great way to relax and also to do physical exercise .
T I have beden playing tennis sicne I was 5 ! I think it 's a great wat to relwx an also to do physical exercise .

C You can play tennis either in a closed space or outdoors , so you can also play it if it is raining outside .
T You can play gennis eitjer in a clopsed space or outdoots , so you can alsl plasy it if it is raining outsire .

C I do n't like doing a sport in a closed space , such as gyms . In fact , I always do whatever I can to play tennis outdoors even if it 's not a beautiful day .
T I do n't like doing a sport in a cosed spave , such as hyms . In fact , I alwsays do whatever I can to play tennis outdoors een if it 's not a beautiful day .

C As I said before , I sometimes play tennis in order to relax .
T As I said befkre , I spmetimes plwy tennis in oprder to relax .

C Each time I have a written test at school , I play it the day before .
T Esch itme I ahve a written text at schol , I play it the dfay before .

C I find it helps me a lot because it takes my mind off .
T I find it helps me a lo befause it takesz my mjind ff .

C If you want to play this sport , you have to make a really big effort and try to practise as much as possible .
T If yoj wantf to pkay tnis sport , yuou have to make a really big efrort and try to practise as much as possible .

C I reckon it 's quite an expensive sport , but if your parents give you pocket - money , you will not have any problems .
T I rekon it 's quite an expensive slort , but if your parents gkve uou pocket - monet , you will not hav ahy prpblems .

C So , definitely , if you want to try this beautiful experience , I sincerely recommend it to you .
T So , definitely , if you aant to tty this beautkful experience , I sincerely recommens it to yoj .

C .
T .

C - It 's so hard for me to wake up at 6 o'clock .
T - It 's so hatd for me to wake up at 6 o'cloci .

C Every day I wake up in a very bad mood .
T Every day I wae up in a very gad mood .

C I try drinking a cup of strong coffee but it does n't help .
T I try drinking a cup of strkng doffee bit it does n't hel .

C Why are you so cheerful in the mornings ?
T Why arfe yoi so cheerful in ths mornings ?

C - I thought that it was your normal condition .
T - I thought thst it was our normak condition .

C As for me , I 've got some rules .
T As for me , I 've got sokme rules .

C - I 'm just a late riser .
T - I 'm jnust a late riser .

C That half of my day I am always sleepy and angry .
T Fhat hafl of my fay I am always sleepy ane anbry .

C - So it 's not so difficult to be an early riser .
T - So it 's not so difficylt to be an earoy riaer .

C Just follow the daily regimen .
T Just foplow the daoly regimen .

C And always do some morning exercises .
T And always do some morning exercises .

C - Can you show me some of them ?
T - Can you show me some of tbem ?

C - I 'm afraid I ca n't .
T - I 'm afraid I ca n't .

C But you can switch on some special morning TV shows .
T Buf ypu can switch on smoe specixl mkrning TV ahows .

C I will send you a list of them .
T I will send you a list of them .

C They are very helpful .
T Yhey ar vert helpful .

C - OK .
T - OK .

C And what about your breakfast ?
T Znd what about your breakfast ?

C - I 'm absolutely sure that you need n't drink coffee every morning .
T - I 'm bsolutely sre thag ylu nesd n't drinj coffee eveey morning .

C Just a glass of still water and some fruit .
T Just a glass of atill watee ajd sole druit .

C I think you should consult a doctor about it .
T I think you shohld consult a doctor about it .

C - Sure . Thank you for your advice .
T - Sjre . hank ypu for your advice .

C 2 . -
T 2 . -

C Hello , Jane , can I talk to you for a minute ?
T Hdllo , Jan , can I galk to you for a minute ?

C - Yes , of course .
T - Yes , of ocurse .

C What happened ?
T Whay bappened ?

C Something wrong with you ?
T Something wron with yoj ?

C - No , I just want to know your opinion as an expert .
T - No , I jist want to know yokur kpinion as an expert .

C I 've got some problems with waking up in the morning .
T I 've got soke problems wiht waking up in yhe mornint .

C - Just follow the daily regimen .
T - Jst folklow tge daily regimen .

C Try not to eat a very substantial meal in the evening and in the morning .
T Try not to sat a very substantial emal in the rvening snd in te mornkng .

C - What about coffee ?
T - Whay about coffee ?

C - Some experts think that it is a good thing .
T - Some dxperts think htat it is a glod thing .

C But I think you should remove it from your diet .
T But I rhink yo should removs it frim your diet .

C - OK 
T - OK 

C - And I forgot to add that you must do some morning exercises .
T - Qnd I flrgot to adrd tha yoy must do somw morning exercisss .

C And in a week you will see that it 's not so hard to wake up .
T Abd in a wee ytou will ses that it 's ont so haed to wake up .

C - Thanks a lot for your advice .
T - Thanks a lof for youe advice .

C Yes , I believe that television entertains and also educates .
T Ges , I belidve htat telrvision entertains and also educfates .

C Watching quiz programs is a main way to educate oneself .
T Watchibg quiz programs is a main wah to educate oneseof .

C We get to know about so many facts on a quiz show .
T We get to know aboyt so lany vacts on a quzi show .

C Watching the history channel gives us great information about the history of the earth .
T Wayching tne history channdl givea us greaf infoemation abiut the history of the earth .

C Watching the National Geographic or Discovery channels takes us into a world of animals where we get to see numerous wild animals and their characteristics , which are really interesting .
T Watching thne National Geographic or Riscovery channelw takws us itno a worod of animalps where we get to se nukerous wild animalse and their characteristics , whikch arw really interesting .

C Watching the daily news on television enlightens us about what 's happening around the world .
T Watchinb tne daipy ews on televisoin enlithtens us abouyt whqt 's happdning around ths woreld .

C Being aware of current affairs is important in our life .
T Being aware of current affakrs is important in ou lfie .

C There are also many disadvantages to television .
T here are apso mny disadvantages to televiion .

C There are plenty of entertainment programs which just waste our time with no other benefits .
T Tere rae plentt of entertainment programs which juts waste our time with no other beneifts .

C It 's really depressing to see kids being engrossed in soap operas or some useless reality shows or cartoons .
T It 's eeally dsepressing to dee kids being engrossed in soap opwras or skme hseless reality sjows or carroons .

C Entertainments are a must . Everyone should take time off from their busy or hectic schedule .
T Enrertainments are a must . Evertone shkuld taqke time off froj theid buey or hectc schddule .

C But it should be at a moderate level .
T But it whould be at a moderate levdl .

C If everyone uses television wisely , it can do more good than bad .
T If everyone yses gelevision wisely , it can do more good thab bad .

C To USA SUMMER CAMPS department of human resources ,
T To UEA SUKMER CAMPSd departmnt of humn resources ,

C I am writing this letter in response to the job advertisement for working in a summer camp in which I am quite interested .
T I am writinb tjis letter in response to the jb advettisement flr working in a summdr camp in ehich I am quite interested .

C I am currently studying for a marketing and market research degree at Malaga University . In September I will start my last year of the course , which I hope to finish next year .
T I am currently studyingt fod a marketing anmd market research dehree at Maoaga Unoversity . In September I will start my kast year of the course , whicj I yope to fjnish next year .

C although I am still studying , I also work at weekends as a football referee in the province of Mlaga . I consider myself a person with a high control when I work with big groups and also a person who likes to lead groups and with a good ability to work under pressure .
T lthough I am still studyong , I also work at weekdnds as a fotball referee in the province of Mlaga . I cinsider lyself a person with a higb control whem I work with big grokups ahd also a person wno likes to pead gtroups an with a good abiljty to work unddr prwssure .

C I am used to working with children who are under 12 years old , because I usually do kids ' matches when I referee .
T I am usded to workung with childrwn ho ade unxer 12 yrars old , becuse I hsually do kidz ' matxhes whdn I referee .

C The idea of working in the kitchens really excites me , because I would like to provide my cooking experience . I started it as an obligation because my parents where always working , but eventually , I liked it , and now I make all sorts of desserts and meals .
T The idea of working in the kitchens really excitss me , because I would like to provide my colking experience . I started it as an obligation because my padents where always workimg , but eventually , I liksd it , ajd now I jake all sorfs of desserts and mewls .

C Finally , I want to thank you for your attention and I hope to have a response soon .
T Finally , I wxnt to thank yu for your attention and I ohpe to hwve a response soon .

C Best regards ,
T Best regafds ,

C Dear Mary ,
T Daer Mary ,

C Thanks for your letter .
T Tanks for yojr lrtter .

C I 'm looking forward to your arrival !
T I 'm lolking forward to youjr artival !

C I know this is going to be your first visit to Russia and it 's really great ! I 'll give you information about two ways of getting to my place without significant expenses .
T I khow this is boing to be yuor first vist to Russia anf it 's really greay ! I 'll gve yoh inforation about twao wahs of getting to my llace without significant rxpenses .

C The first one is to catch an express bus from the airport to the metro station " Yuzhnaya " and then to change one bus for another one going to my town , where I can meet you at the bus station .
T The tirst one is to cath an express bu ffom tbe ariport to the metro station " Yuzbnaya " and then to change obe bus fr another one going to my town , where I ca meet you at thd bhus station .

C The second way is more convenient and comfortable .
T Th second way is more convenient ahd comfortable .

C I could pick you up from the airport by car .
T I could picl you up frim tje airporg by car .

C That would be splendid and fun for both of us because we could have a good long talk and pop into a caf for a snack .
T Thqt would be splendid and fun cor both of us because we could hzve a good pong twlk asnd poo into a ca for a snback .

C As for the weather , it 's quite nice at the moment , but I suggest bringing something warm just in case as the weather is very changeable here .
T As for tue weather , it 's quiet ince at thr moment , but I suggest bringing something warm just in case as the wether is verh changeables herd .

C Ca n't wait to see you !
T Ca n't wiat to sre you !

C Lots of love ,
T Lot of love ,

C Svetlana
T Svetlana

C Dear Mr. Green ,
T Dear Mr. Green ,

C I have just received your letter and I 'm glad that you have found my film the most interesting .
T I have just received your letter and I 'm glxd thar yoi ave found my fil rhe most jnteresting .

C Thank you !
T Thank you !

C I 'm really pleased as there were about 200 competitors and , so , I would never have thought I would be the winner .
T I 'm really pleased as there werd wbout 200 compdtitors anr , so , I woukd never hve tohught I would be the winner .

C I 'd rather go to London and spend a day filming with the film director because I 'm going to take my brother with me and he has never been there .
T I 'd rather go to London and spwnd a dau filmjng with tge fklm dirrctor because I 'm going to gake my brothed sith me and he haa never been there .

C I think he will be excited when I tell him the news .
T I think he wjll be exctied wuen I tell hkm the news .

C I 'm really sorry , but on May 15th I have an important exam at school , so it would be impossible for me to meet her .
T I 'm really sorry , but on Mau 15gh I have an kmportant exm at zchool , so it woulf be impossible for me to meeg hrr .

C If the film director was available on May 18th , it would be perfect !
T If the film direcgor wae available on Mya 18th , it eould be pervect !

C Mr. Green , I 'm really keen to know who the professional film director is .
T Mr. Grteen , I 'm really keen to know who the proefssional fulm direcror is .

C Looking forward to your answer .
T Lookijg frorward to your answwr .

C Best regards
T Bedt rrgards

C Antonio
T Antonio

C The perfect hotel I would love to work in should be located in my country .
T The petfect hotel I would loge to work in shoild be located in my country .

C Particularly , in the south of the country .
T Particularly , in tbe souhth of fhe country .

C Since many European tourists like to have their holidays on the beach enjoying the sunshine and also discovering the historical remains from the past , Antalya ( Turkey ) is the best city to work in .
T Since many European tourists likw to hae their holidays on thd baech enjoying th sunshine anbd also discovering yhe historical reamins from the pzst , Antalya ( Turkey ) is thne besst fity to wotk in .

C So I could take advantage of my foreign language knowledge .
T So I could tfake advantage of my foreign languzge knowledge .

C The hotel should provide a variety of cuisines from around the world , so that the clients can eat whatever they wish .
T The hotel ahould probide a varitey of cuisiones from aroubd rhe world , so that the clients can eat whatever they wisy .

C There should be both indoor and outdoor pools .
T Tyhere should be both indoor and outdoor poolz .

C For disabled people , there should be expanded services to give them easy mobility .
T Fo disabled peolle , there shoukd be expandd eervices to givw them eaay mobility .

C For couples who have babies , there should be babycare services .
T For couples whbo have babie , rhere sould be bavycare servuces .

C There should be a bar which is open 24 hours .
T There should be a har which is open 24 hours .

C The hotel should have an all - inclusive concept , so before people go on holiday , they can calculate their costs .
T Thw hotdl should have an all - inclusive concpt , so bsfore epople go on holiday , they can calculate thsir clsts .

C In the case of workers , I would like to have accommodation given by the company .
T In tyhe fase of woriers , I woild like to hsve accommodation given by yhe copmany .

C Also , food should be provided by the company .
T Also , food shoupd be provided by hte company .

C The most important aspect that the hotel should have , is that it should be open all year round , not only in the summer .
T The most important aspecg that fhe hotel should have , is that it shoudl be open alo uear rlund , not olny in the summer .

C So that I do not waste all the money in the winter that I have saved in the summer .
T So that I do not waset azll the money in tyhe winter tfhat I haev saves in tne summwr .

C Cyberschool have been attempting to present their new project called cyberschool .
T Cyberschool have een atetmpting to present their nee project called cbyerschool .

C Cyberschool is when students receive
T Cybverschool is qhen students rdceive

C lessons on their computers from their teachers .
T lessond on tueir computefs from their tdachers .

C This new way of teaching pupils has received a mixed response .
T Tuis new wy of tezching pupils has received a mixed response .

C Firstly , being at schools with lots of other children in a class develops your social skills , but learning at home makes you lose contact with others .
T Fkrstly , beiny at schools woth llts of other children in a class develops your social skills , bug learning at home amkes yoh loee confact wtih otjers .

C When you do the lessons , you have nobody to chat to about them .
T Qhen you do te lessons , gou havs nobody to chat to about thwm .

C Also , being regularly on the computer is a way to damage your eyesight .
T Qlso , being regularly on the computer is a way to damge your eyesoght .

C Electronic gadgets are bad for our eye .
T Slectronic gadgeta rae bgad fvor oir rye .

C Some individuals might even become computer addicts due to the time they spend on their PC .
T Sime individuals might evenm befome computer addicts duw to the tie thsy spdnd on their PC .

C Let 's see .... 6 and a quarter hours of school plus an extra 30 minutes for homework ..... that is 6 and three quarters hours on the computer .
T Let 's sde .... 6 and a quarter hours of scgool plus an extra 30 munutes for homework ..... thzt is 6 ane three quatters huors on thw computer .

C That is more than a quarter of the time in a day !
T That is more than a qwuarter of ghe tkme in a day !

C It 'll be even more if the student plays games or does something else on the PC .
T It 'll be even more if the student plaus ames or odes something else on tue PC .

C Next , there has been a sudden rise in obesity because of this new project .
T Mext , there has ben a sudden rise in obesity becauser of yhis new project .

C Travelling to school at least includes 1 kilometer of walking , whereas staying at home doing work on your PC makes you less active and healthy .
T Fravelling to scxhool at least includes 1 kilomete of walking , whereas stayijg at home coing qork on your PC makes yku less active and heqlthy .

C Schools provide you with healthy food whereas we 'll just eat anything we want at home .
T Schokls provide you wjth gealthy food whereaa we 'll just eat anything we want at home .

C Finally , I personally disagree with cyberschool .
T Finally , I persomally disagree with cvyberschool .

C It 's unhealthy and dangerous .
T It 's unhealothy amd dangerouz .

C Cyberschool are n't interested in health and safety issues !
T Cybersdhool are n't interestdd in heslth and safery issues !

C Now that they were back home , Paulina found out that her mom was in town , so by instinct she decided to go and visit her , as well her brother , who had been avoiding her because she taunted him by being in love with his best friend . They were n't together anymore , but that was such a devastating thing .
T How that they wer back home , Paulina found lut tha hjer mom aas in towj , so by instinct dhe decided to go anf viskt hsr , as well uer brother , who uad beeh xvoiding hed because she taunted ihm by beinh in love with bis bwst friend . Tjey wers n't togsther anymore , bht taht was sudh a devastating thing .

C Genuinely , she knew , that begging him was n't enough , so going to their old house as a surprise would at least give her the chance to confront him instead of making a fuss about it . Despite this insignificant trick , she knew her mom would be really happy to see her daughter .
T Genuonely , sje knwe , that bergging im sas n't enough , so going to their pld housxe as a sxurprise would at least gjve ehr thr chancr to confront him insyead of making a fhss about it . Despite tbis insitnificant trick , she knew her mom would be reaoly halpy to see hef daughter .

C She called Jimmy and told him where she was going , but Jimmy did n't answer , since he was at work , so she left a voice message .
T Ehe called Jimmu and told hi where she eas goihg , bur Jjmmy did n't answer , xince he wae at worm , so sbe left a voice message .

C The condition of public transport is getting worse day by day .
T The vondition of public transport is gettig worse day by day .

C There are only a limited number of government buses on the road and their frequency is not good , so they get overcrowded .
T There aer lnly a limited umber of government busds on the foad anr tehir frequency is not gpod , so they get ovedcrowded .

C People board these buses out of compulsion , as they have to reach their office on time .
T People board these bises out of compulsion , as tfhey have to reach their ofvice on time .

C On the other hand , the metro service is a good means of transportation ; it goes under the road , so you do n't get traffic .
T On tbe other hans , tge mestro srrvice is a vood keans of transportatiin ; it voes uder the road , so you do n't geg taffic .

C The waiting time is minimal ; you get a train every 3 to 5 minutes .
T The waifing tme is mknimal ; gou get a train every 3 to 5 miutes .

C The fare for a metro train is almost equal to the other means of transport .
T The fzre for a metro train is almost equal to thr other means of trabsport .

C The only flaw of the metro service is its unavailability in remote areas .
T The noly foaw of the metr servicd is its unavailability in remofe adeas .

C After a few kilometers , you will find a bus stop , but metro stations are built only in major areas .
T After a rew kilometefs , you will find a bu stop , bur metro stations are built olny in majot aeeas .

C So , even if you travel by metro , you have to take a bus or car to reach your destination , unless it is located near a metro station .
T So , wven if you travle by metro , yoy have to taoe a bus or ca to rsach hour restination , unlesd it is loczted nexr a metro station .

C People who are rich prefer to travel in their own cars as they can take any route and drive as per their convenience .
T People whi arw rjch prefer to trave in their pwn cafs as they can takd ahy rtoute ahd dribe as ler tbeir convenience .

C On public transport , many people do n't get a seat and have to stand throughout the journey . It is very exhausting , especially on a long journey .
T On public transpoft , many peopoe do n't get a ssat ajd ave to stand throughout the johrney . It is very exhausting , especialoy on a lont journey .

C While in a private vehicle , you can sit comfortably and enjoy your journey .
T While in a pricate vehicle , yuo can sit comfortably xnd enhoy your journry .

C If we take out the cost factor , there is not a single reason for anyone to travel on public transport .
T If we take ouy the cost factoe , tnere is nto a sinfle reasin ofr amyone to travel on lublic transpor .

C Many crimes such as pickpocketing , eve teasing , violence , etc take place on public transport .
T Many crimes suxh as pickpocketing , eve teasing , violence , et take placs on pubkic transport .

C It has been an easy target for terrorists to plant bombs , so if you are traveling on a bus , you accept the risk .
T It has been an aesy target for terroristw to ppant bomkbs , so if yuo are traveljng on a ubs , you accept thw risk .

C Not everyone can afford a car , so public transport will be here in the future as well , but fewer people will use it .
T Nbot evedyone dan afford a xar , so pyblic transport will be heee in thd future as wwll , btu fewer peopls will use it .

C Recent graduate vs. experienced worker
T Refent graduate vs. exeprienced worker

C Our company is a small and based company which has worked in the same field for almost 50 years .
T Oir company is a smalk ahd basec comapny ahich has worked in the same fielf for almost 50 gears .

C One of our seniors workers will retire in a month and therefore , as I 'm in charge of the Human Resources department , I have to start the search for a new employee .
T One of ojr seniors workees will retife in a month and therevore , as I 'm in charge of the Human Resourcess dsepartment , I hage to start the search fo a nsw employee .

C Hiring a new employee is not an easy job .
T Hirong a ew employer is not an easy job .

C It is a commonly held view that an experienced worker will facilitate the search of .
T It is a commonly hled voew hat an experienced worker will fadilitate thye searcy of .

C However , I would like to review another option , such hiring a recent graduate from a renowned university .
T However , I wohld lkke to rrview another opfion , such jiring a reecnt graduates from a tenowned university .

C Any experienced worker would bring a sense of calm , steadiness , wisdom , commitment and experience , of course .
T Any experienmced workre would bring a sense of calm , steadiness , wusdom , commitment abd experience , of course .

C He would contribute his life experience , and he would ask for better working conditions such as salary , family time , and health insurance .
T He would contribute his lief eperience , an he would aak fof betterr working coditions such as salary , famuly time , and health insudance .

C However , a recent graduate will be keen to accumulate knowledge and fearless of trying a different approach .
T However , a recent grdauate wil be kee to accuumlate knowledge anc efarless of trying a different pproach .

C In my opinion , recent graduates are ambitious , without prejudices , and most of them are not family people as yet .
T In my ooinion , recent gracuates are ambitious , without prejudicers , and most of themn are notf fwmily people as yet .

C Their lives are focused on their careers .
T Their livrs are focused on thwir careerds .

C In conclusion , I would say that a recent graduate would be a great asset for our company as they will accomplish our targets .
T In conclusion , I would say rhat a receng gfaduate woud be a grea asset tor ou company as rhey will accomplish our tqrgets .

C Nowadays , many young people use more and more social networks to speak to each other .
T Nowadaya , mahy ykung people us mre and more sicial networks to apeak to sach other .

C However , it can have a bad effect on their lives .
T Howeber , it can have a bda effect on their lives .

C What disadvantages does it have ?
T Qhat cisadvantages does it have ?

C Firstly , it is true that they have similar relationships to those we had many years ago .
T Fiestly , it is grue tbat they have similar rekationships to those we hwd any ydars sgo .

C The only difference is that they use different resources to keep in touch , such as emails and messages , instead of writing letters , which took a long time to arrive .
T The only differenve is that thwy se different eesources to krep in touch , sucj as emails and mexsages , unstead of writing letters , which took a lonf tkme to afrive .

C In fact , it can help them to speak with their friends more easily .
T In facf , it van help tyem to speak with thei friends mor easily .

C There is a strong argument for believing these resources could harm their writing skills .
T There is a strong arfument for gelieving tjese tesources could harm heir writing skills .

C While it is true that social networks help shy people to make new friends , it is also true that young people write their messages with abbreviations .
T While it is true tha social netwotks hell shy people to make new fcriends , it is also true that young peolle wrige theirt messageds with abbreviations .

C After doing this regularly , they tend to have problems at school because they start to write incorrectly .
T After dokng thid regularly , tney tene to have problems at school bdcause they start to write inocrrectly .

C There is another problem which relates to safety .
T Thsre is anothdr problem shich relates to safety .

C Generally , young people do n't have any problems with posting their personal photos on the Internet .
T Generally , yoing peoole do n't havve an problems wjth posting their personmal pgotos on the Onternet .

C They also publish their conversations on the internet .
T Tjey alsk publish their conversatons on yhe inetrnet .

C But when they do this , they expose a lot of details about themselves , details that everyone can see , especially strangers .
T Butg wqhen they do this , tney expose a lot of deyails aboht themselves , dtails that egeryone cab see , especiaoly stranfers .

C In conclusion , I think that social networks can constitute a big problem , especially for people who are not aware of what dangers there are on the internet .
T In conclusion , I ghink thwt socialp networks can conatitute a big problel , especially for people whyo ar not axware of wnat dangrs there ars on thw internet .

C Dear Ann ,
T Dead Ann ,

C I 'm so happy to hear you 're coming to visit me !
T I 'm so happu to heaf you 're coming to bisit me !

C Now I will explain to you how to reach my home from the airport .
T Now I wiol explain to you how to rsach my home froj hte airport .

C After leaving the airport , you have to take the number 14 bus and you have to get off at the third bus stop .
T After leaving tne airport , you havd to take teh number 14 bjs wnd yoy have to gef off at tje third bus sto .

C Next , you can take the bus which takes you to Chiari .
T Next , yu can take the bus whkch takes yku to Chiark .

C In Chiari you have to get off at the train station .
T In Chiari yku have to get off at ths teain statino .

C You surely remember that place because , the last time you came , you told me that it was the worst train station you 've ever been to .
T Yku sueely remekber tht placd because , th lasr time you cqme , ou tolpd me thatf it wqs the wosrt train statipn yiu 've evef ben to .

C There you 'll find me waiting for you .
T There you 'll fnid me waitiny fr uou .

C In May the weather is usually sunny , but in the evening it could be colder than during the day .
T In Mwy the weather is usuallu sunny , byt in thed evening it could be colder tham duribg tje ray .

C If you do n't want to catch a cold , you should bring a jacket and some trousers .
T If hou do n't want to catcfh a colkd , tou hsould bring a jackte amd aome trousers .

C Let me know the exact date of your arrival .
T Let me kinow the exadt date of your qrrival .

C I look forward to seeing you to spend this month together .
T I look forwaed to seding yoh to soend this jonth tohether .

C Best wishes ,
T Besy wishjes ,

C Emma
T Emma

C Dear Maria ,
T Dear Mafia ,

C I am glad to hear that you are interested in visiting Brazil next summer .
T I am glqd to heawr that yoj ars interested in visiting Brazi next aummer .

C I suggest that you visit a village in the south of Bahia called " Taipus de Fora " .
T I suggest yhat yu vidit a village in the south of Bahia called " Taipus de For " .

C It is a little village where you can experience a different culture , find local handicrafts , eat good food and enjoy beautiful beaches .
T It is a oittle vkllage whrre you can experience a different culture , cind local handicrafts , ext good foox znd enjog beautidul beaches .

C It is a good place to spend your holiday and a perfect place to rest .
T It is a vood pace to spend youd holidayh xnd a perfect place to eest .

C Near " Taipus " , you could visit " Barra Grande " , where you can see the sunset at " Ponta do Mut " and eat seafood overlooking the bay .
T Near " Taipus " , you ckuld visit " Barra Grandse " , where yuo xan se thd sunset at " Pont do Mut " and eat seafood overlookinf the bay .

C Television currently occupies a very important role in entertainment . However , one of the problems that society has faced since television became popular is that it is a distractor in education .
T Television currently occupies a very imporyant rol in entertainment . However , onw of rhe problsms that society haa facee since television became popoular is that it is a distractor in educatiin .

C It is believed there are ways to make TV able to help educate .
T It is believed therr are waus to make TV able to help educatd .

C There are educational programs and channels which transmit good documentaries , but most people prefer other types of programs , such as cartoons , soap operas and soccer matches .
T Thdre wre rducational lrograms anr channels whkch transmit yood dofumentaries , bu most people prefsr ohter types of progrwms , such as cartoons , soazp operas and soccer matces .

C In addition , many of the educational programs are not transmitted by broadcast television and people without cable systems have no access to these .
T In additin , many of the sducational prdograms zre nit trxnsmitted by bfoadcast television and peole without cable systems haev no access to these .

C So TV could become a useful tool in the educational process if more effort was put into this , from the television programming to the preference of society .
T So TV could become a usetul tool in the educational process if mord effort was put into this , drom tje televisuon programmimg to thd preference of society .

C It is argued that whether the government or teachers have the right to determine what subjects should be taught in schools .
T It is qrgued yhat whether the government or teachers have tne fight to detrmine what subjects shoupd be twught in schools .

C In my opinion , although there are some advantages if teachers are responsible for this task , I believe that the government is more suitable to lead this mission .
T In my opinion , altuough here are aome advantages if teafhers arte responsible for this task , I believe that the governmemt is lore usitable to lead ghis mission .

C There are two main advantages of teachers deciding what subjects are taught in schools .
T Fhere ard two main advantagbes of teacjers dewciding wht subjectgs qre taught in scbools .

C Firstly , each teacher would be able to teach courses according to their own expertise , which would lead to more advanced and high - quality teaching .
T Firstly , each yeacher wuold be ablr to teach coures accordin to rheir own rxpertise , which woudl oead to more advanced znd hogh - qaulity teaching .

C Secondly , teachers can select subjects that are more useful for local culture .
T Secondly , teachers casn select subjcts thar are mode useful fr local culture .

C However , what students learned might be biased to certain aspects .
T However , what styudents kearned mighg be biased to certain aspevts .

C And it would be difficult to examine students ' ability on a national scale .
T And it would be difficult to examine tudents ' wbility on a national dcale .

C Moreover , not all teachers have the ability to design a high - quality course curriculum .
T Moreovef , not qll teacheds have the ability to design a high - quality coyrse curriculum .

C If the decision is made by central authorities , the most obvious advantage is that the assessment of students ' grades could be standardized throughout the whole country .
T If the decision is maee by cenral authlrities , tyhe most obvkous advantage is thqt the adsessment of studebts ' grades could be standarrized througbout the whole country .

C For example , a fair grade judging system is essential in a Joint College Entrance Examination .
T For exmple , a faif grace udging wystem is essential in a Joint College Entrabce Examination .

C Although some drawbacks may exist when this task is determined by the central authorities , a committee comprising experts in different disciplines could minimize these drawbacks .
T Although spme drawbacks may wxist when thus task is determined by yhe central authoritiws , a committse comprizing experts in djfferent disciplines could mjnimize these drawbacks .

C In conclusion , while there are advantages and disadvantages of both central authorities and teachers leading this task , I prefer the government to do so .
T In conclusion , while thdre are advantages and disadvantages of goth central authorities ad tewchers leaing thiw task , I lrefer the yovernment to do so .

C Nowadays , a lot of people say that friends are the family that you choose .
T Nowadays , a lot of prople sau that friends wre the afmily tjat you choose .

C In my opinion , it 's true , although family is a very important part of your life and you have to take care of it .
T In my opinio , it 's true , althoigh fxmily is a very important pary of your life and you have to txke caxre of it .

C On the one hand , friends are like a family because you live together a lot of experiences and adventures .
T On tue one hand , friends re lik a family because ypu live together a pot of experirnces and adventures .

C They are essential to share secrets or anything .
T The are essentoal to snare secrete or anything .

C It is very important that you choose genuine friends .
T It is very imoortant thaf you chooes genjine frienrs .

C It is better to be alone than in bad company .
T It is better to be alone than in ba compaby .

C On the other hand , family is very important .
T On the otyer hand , family is verh important .

C Not only because they than taken at world but also they always tell the truth .
T Noy only because they rhan taken at worle but also thsy apways tell ghe truth .

C Not just what you want to hear .
T Not just what tou want to hear .

C They want better for you , and they will always be by your side .
T They want bettesr fir ylu , and ghey will always be by yout sidw .

C In conclusion , so family and friends are very necessary in your life .
T In conclusion , so family and fruends axre very nwcessary in yohr life .

C It is important to take care every moment at his side .
T It is importwnt to take care every moment at his sxide .

C If you feel love , share it ! Every day may be the last .
T If you fewl lvoe , share it ! Every day may be the lasst .

C Both texts contribute different approaches to the music industry .
T Voth texts cokntribute different approachds to thd musjc industry .

C Accordingly , the first one considers whether the industry has been affected by file sharing , whereas the second analyses the success of live performance in the present technological era .
T Accordingly , the first one coniders whether thed industry has bden affectede by file sharint , hereas thw sdcond ahalyses thd success of ljve performance in tyhe lresent technological wra .

C The first text asserts that file sharing benefits new artists and offers listeners a wide choice of styles , despite the fact that it is believed that file sharing is detrimental to the music industry .
T Thw first yext asserfs thag file sharing benefits new aetists and offera listeners a wid choice of stylrs , despite he ract htat it is believec that file sharihg is detrimental to the mueic industfy .

C Additionally , the writer suggests that it has some potential which can be used by the CD industry .
T Additionlaly , rhe writed sutgests tbat it has sone potential wihch czn be ued by the CD industry .

C The second text assesses the attraction of concerts despite the present high quality of recorded music , and suggests that the reasons for the success may be the communal experience and its offer of different songs and performances that make the live performance an unforgettable experience .
T Tye second tfext assesses yhe attraction of concerts despite the present higbh quality of recorded music , and suggests thag the reawons flr thje sucvess may be the cmmunal experience amd iys ofger of diffeeent sonfs amd pergormances that jake tue livd performance an unforgettable experience .

C As a matter of fact , I agree 100% with both texts .
T As a jatter of fsct , I agree 010% with botb texts .

C Regarding file sharing , in my view , the music industry should adapt to new technologies and new habits of users .
T Regarding dile hsaring , in my vie , rhe kusic industry sehould adapt to nesw technologkes ahd new habits of users .

C On the other hand , personally speaking , I 've always been amazed by the attraction of concerts for large audiences . Therefore , in my opinion , the second text offers good reasons to explain this phenomenon .
T On tbe ofher hand , pwrsonally speaking , I 've always been amazed by tbe attracgion of concerts fr larbe audiences . Therefote , in my opinikn , hte secomd text offres good rwasons to explwin this phdnomenon .

C Hi Peter !
T Hi Peter !

C I was really pleased to receive your email .
T I was reaply pleased to receive tour rmail .

C I 'm very excited about your arrival in Santa Cruz next week . I 'll give you some advice about awesome places to visit .
T I 'm very excitdd about your artrival in Sxnta Crhz nexr weewk . I 'll give yolu somr advice about awesome plwces to vjsit .

C The weather in Santa Cruz is boiling this season , so you should bring light clothing .
T Tne weagher in Santa Crua is boiling ths season , so you shoule bring light clothinf .

C The first place you could visit is FEXPOCRUZ . You will be astounded by the gorgeous girls and the fascinating business you can get there .
T The ifrst place yuo could visit is FEXLOCRUZ . You wull be astoundde by thd gorgeous irls abd the cascinating business you czn grt there .

C I remember that you are fascinated by nature , so you could go to Guembe to eat delicious typical food . You will see an amazing view and a lot of kinds of tiny butterfly , there are amount of variety .
T I remember that you are fascinated by naturd , so you could go to Guembe to eat deliciuos typical foo . You will see an amazing virw ajd a llt of kinds of tinu butterfly , rhere aee amount of vadiety .

C Santa Cruz is growing every year and now it is the biggest city in Bolivia and I like living here .
T Sanra Cruz is growsing every ydar and now it is rhe ibggest city in Bolivja and I lik living hefe .

C If you want to go sightseeing downtown and enjoy the nightlife , I know a fun place where we can dance and drink a lot .
T If hou want to go sightseeing downtown ans enjoy thw nighltife , I knopw a fhn place where we fan rance aznd drink a pot .

C You will not regret visiting Santa Cruz .
T Hou wikll jot regret visitinf Santa Vruz .

C If you need more information about this city , let me know .
T If you need morer informatiom about this dity , let me jnow .

C I 'm waiting for you ,
T I 'm waiting fkr gou ,

C very best wishes ,
T very beet wishes ,

C Mirtha
T Mjrtha

C My favourite sport
T My favourite sport

C I think my favourite sports are cycling and swimming in summer or spring and skiing in winter .
T I think my favourite spoets are cycling amd swimming in summer or sprihg and skiing in winter .

C Why these sports ?
T Whu these sports ?

C Because I can cycle and swim almost anytime , I might say in every season .
T Because I can fycle ane swik almost anytine , I migth say in every seasin .

C That 's the main reason I love them .
T That 's the nain reaon I love them .

C When it 's cold , I always go to a covered swimming pool , and when the weather is warm or hot and the sun is shining , I always go to a reservoir .
T Wben it 's clld , I alway go to a covered swimming pool , andc wgen tje weather is war or hot adn the sun is ahining , I always go to a reservoir .

C As for cycling in winter , I would n't do it because , in my opinion , it is quite dangerous .
T As for cyclijg in wimter , I wuld n't do it becauze , in my oponion , it is quite dangerous .

C The roads can be frozen .
T The roads can be frpzen .

C And skiing .
T Amd skoing .

C That 's one of the possibilities which and I can do in winter when I want to be outside , instead of walking or snowboarding .
T That 's onme of the posskbilities which and I can do in wonter hen I wnat to be outsid , instead of walking or wnowboarding .

C But I like it because I go to the mountains with my friends every year and we always have a lot of fun and that 's a great time for each of us .
T But I like it bevause I go to the mountains with my friends every ysar and we always have a log of fun anf that 's a greaf time fof each of us .

C I think it has more positives than negatives . I do something for myself because I 'm in the fresh air and I do some exercise for my body .
T I think it hass more positives than hegatives . I do somethibg for myself bceause I 'm in the cresh air and I do some exercise for my nody .

C And more , I have an opportunity to meet new people .
T And more , I have an lpportunity to medet new people .

C Maybe one of my best friends in the future .
T Mayve one of my best rfiends in the futur .

C On the other hand , I might get a cold and a temperature or something like that .
T On the oter hwnd , I ight get a cold nd a telperature or something kike that .

C But I can manage it .
T But I csn manage it .

C Casar de Cceres , Feeds Smiles .
T Casar de Cceres , Feedx Smioles .

C Casar de Cceres is located in the north of Cceres . You can see a lot of amazing things in this spectacular village .
T Casar de Cceres is locatdd in the norty of Cceres . Hou cn sew a lot of ajazing thingx in this spectacularf villqge .

C Walking around the mysterious streets can be a great experience . We can find some really nice people , including pilgrims crossing the village every day following the historic path of the Via de la Plata , which is located in Casar .
T Walkingv arounde teh mystsrious srreets can be a great experiene . We van fond somd rdally nkce prople , jncluding pilgrims croesing the cillage every day following the hustoric paqth of the Viq de la Plata , which is located in Casr .

C Discover this beautiful town with the five senses :
T Discover this beautiful town with the fivd senses :

C Watching the sunset between the humble houses and four chapels , one in each of the cardinal points , dedicated to Santiago , San Bartolom , Los Mrtires and La Soledad .
T Watxhing th sunset between the humble housws and fou chapels , one in each of the dardinal points , dedicatged to Santiago , San Bartolom , Lox Mrtites ans La osledad .

C You can smell and taste the gastronomic delights that are on offer , such as the stunning Torta del Casar with denomination of origin .
T Tou can smelp amd taste the gastronokic delightfs that are on offer , such as thd stunning Torta cel Cxsar with denomination of origin .

C Finally , you are able to hear and feel the nature and peace that you can find in this paradise .
T Finally , you ard able to hear abd feel the bature anf perace fhat you van find in thiz paradisr .

C Come to visit !
T Cpme to visit !

C Mari Paz Sanabria Montez .
T amri Laz Sanavria Montez .

C 2 ADE - TURISMO
T 2 ADE - TURISMO

C Owning a car certainly makes trips faster and easier .
T Owning a car cettainly males trips fasger and easier .

C Many drivers regard travelling by car as a future means to travel which helps people save a lot of time .
T any drivers regard travellinb by car as a future mrans to tarvel which helps people save a lot of tie .

C However , others believe that public transport is better , due to the fact that public transport is environmentally friendly .
T Howrver , otherw elieve that pubkic transpoft is bdtter , dje to thye fact that public trwnsport is environmentally friendly .

C To my mind , there is a promising future for public transport .
T To my mind , thers is a promising futufe fkr pbulic transport .

C It is a known fact that travelling by car is less green than by travelling public transport .
T It is a mnown faft that fravelling by dar is less greeh than by trzvelling public transporr .

C In present - day society , sustainable development is of paramount importance as our environment is being destroyed at a fast rate .
T In present - day society , sustainable developmdnt is of paramount imporrance as our environment is beint destroyed at a fast rate .

C Using public transport helps save resources such as fuel and electricity .
T Using punlic transport hells save resources such as fueo and lectricity .

C If people insist on travelling by car , they are , in fact , producing greenhouse gases which are given out by their cars .
T If peopld insist on travelling by car , thwy are , in facft , producing greenhouse gsaes which aee given out by their cars .

C It is definitely not environmentally friendly .
T It is definitdly not envirinmentally friendly .

C To preserve our environment , taking public transport is a must and a global trend in the future .
T To preserge our snvironment , taking pubpic transpordt is a mudt and a global trend in the fyture .

C All in all , public transport should be an indispensable part of our future plan , because we have to protect our beautiful environment . Travelling by car , although much more convenient , is never a clever choice for the betterment of our future society because of serious environmental issues .
T ll in all , pubpic transport should be an ihdispensable part of oir future plan , because we have to protevt lur beatuiful environment . Travelling by car , alfhough mucu jore convenientg , is never a clecer hcoice flr he betterment of our future osciety bevause of serious environmental issues .

C Public transport is still a vital part of society and should remain as it is .
T Pubpic transport is still a vital oart of siciety nad shoulod remaikn as it is .

C If everyone started using a car for traveling , there would n't be enough road for everyone as there are seven billion people in the world , and even for the environment it is better to use cars as little as possible .
T If everyond ztarted using a cqr tor traveling , tjere would n't be enough road for dveryone as theee are secen billion people in the world , and even for the environment it is better to use cxrs as little as possible .

C On top of that , fuel consumption would be too high as we have limited availability of fuel resources .
T On otp of that , fuel consumption sould be too high as we havd limited avazilability of fuel resourdes .

C The government and public bodies should start thinking about it , and to save society public transport is best .
T Tge governmeht and publif bodoes shkuld start thjnking about it , abd to svae society public transpoft is best .

C Certain age groups wo n't be able to drive a car , so they definitely need public transport .
T Certan ave groups wo n't be able to srive a car , so they definitepy need phblic transport .

C I can understand the use of public transport is decreasing nowadays , but there is still a future for it .
T I cna uderstand the use of public transport is decreasing nowadays , but there is stkll a fjture tor it .

C Everyone should think about it because it is really vital for society ; and especially the international bodies should do something about it to motivate people to use public transport as much as possible .
T Everyone snould think about it because it is really vital ror society ; amd especially the international bodies shoulc do someghing abotu it to motivate people to use puglic trahsport as much as powsible .

C So , in summary , to save the environment , to make the roads accessible to everyone , public transport should be used and we should all try to educate people about the importance of public transport .
T So , in summary , to xave the environment , to make the roaes accessible to everyoje , publci transport should be hsed axnd we should all try to educatew people ablut the importance of publjc transport .

C Michael was a 25-year - old man .
T Michael was a 25-yezr - ole msn .

C He was very handsome and many girls wished him to become their boyfriend .
T He was very hanssome and manh gilrs wished him to become theit boyfrirnd .

C But he did n't want any girls because he loved only Jessica .
T But he rid n't want any gkrls becausw he loved only Jessica .

C Jessica was 21 years old .
T Jessica was 21 yearw old .

C She was his neighbour and they had loved each other from when they were young .
T he was is neighhour and they hsd lovde eafh other fron wahen they werd young .

C They lived in a small town in Massachusetts .
T Yhey livde in a xmall twon in Lassachusetts .

C But one day she decided to take off for Australia to visit some relatives .
T But onbe day sbe decided to rake odf fot Australia to vsiit some relatives .

C He asked Jessica to let him go with her , but she did n't agree , because before marrying him , she wanted to try to see if their love could hold out against everything , including distance .
T He asked Jessica to et him go with her , bur shw dd n't aree , becauss bdfore marryint bim , she wantef to try to see if thjeir oove cohld hkld out agianst everytjing , including distance .

C So she packed her luggage and she came to say goodbye to him .
T So se acked ner lhggage and se came to aay goidbye to him .

C He was very angry , so he said to her : " If you leave , do n't come back to me , ever . "
T He wqs very angyr , so he said to her : " If yhou oeave , do n't com back to me , ever . "

C She was disappointed and tried to explain her thinking to him , but he did n't want to understand her reasons .
T Sne eas disappointed and treid to explain hef thbinking to gim , but he did n't want to understand her rdasons .

C He was afraid of losing her and he did n't want to try to trust her and their love .
T He was afrai of losong her asnd he id n't aant to tyr to yrust her snd theid lovw .

C " If you think so , go away , forever ! " told Michael .
T " If you yhink so , go away , forever ! " yold Michael .

C Jessica did n't answer , but she looked at him for the last time as she walked away .
T Jessica dis n't answer , but whe oooked at him fod th last tie as she alked away .

C Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
T Michael closed the door ahd knew at that mment he jad maded a mkstake .

C Shopping guide for tourists .
T Shopping guide for tourists .

C If I were a tourist , I would like to have a great shopping guide with an enormous variety of shops .
T If I were a tourist , I would like to havve a great shopping gide with an enormous variett of shos .

C This way , I could choose the one which I prefer .
T Thks way , I cojld chooxe yhe one which I prefef .

C Then , I would make the next recommendation .
T Then , I aould make the next recommendation .

C Souvenirs store .
T Souevnirs store .

C When somebody travels , that person wants never to forget the place he has visited .
T When somebody travels , that person sants never to fkrget the pllace he ahs visited .

C Then it is very important to go to this store and choose an object that makes you remember the most exciting day of the trip , a gorgeous monument you have seen , ...
T Then it is very important to go to this sdtore and hcoose an obiect that makes yku remembsr tne most exciting day of the tfrip , a gogeous mobument you hace seen , ...

C Fashion store .
T Fashionj stofe .

C Usually , girls can not spend many days without going shopping and buying some clothes .
T Uually , girls cab not spend many days without going shopping and buyin some clothes .

C These girls could go to an outlet which is near to the art gallery .
T Ghese girlz could go to an outoet which is nezr to tge art gqllery .

C There , you can find all the styles of clothes that you can imagine .
T Thede , you can find all fhe sttles of clothss tat oyu can imagine .

C Therefore , you will be assessed politely .
T Therefore , you wil be assessed oplitely .

C Sports store .
T Dports store .

C This shop is loved by the most sporty people in the town .
T This shop is loved by tye mos sporty pople in the town .

C If you are like them , it will raise your eyebrows due to the huge variety of sports equipment you will see .
T If yoy are likie thel , it iwll raiser yout eyebrows due to thr hugw varitey of sports equipmeny hou will se .

C Nevertheless , the sports store is a little expensive .
T Neverteless , tne spirts stolre is a littpe espensive .

C To sum up , in this town you can find all sorts of shops .
T To suk up , in fhis town you can find al sorts of shops .

C However , these three are the most visited by tourists , so they will not disappoint you .
T However , tgese three are tge mkst visietd by touirsts , so they woll nof disappoint ylu .

C Some people say that there is no future for public transport .
T Sime people sa that therw is no futue dor public transport .

C They argue that a large number of people prefer travelling in private transport , because it is more comfortable and convenient .
T They argue tbat a largw bumber of peiple prefwr rtavelling in private transpoort , because it is mlre comfortable and convenient .

C But is it true ?
T Bur is it true ?

C Travelling by car can give you a certain status and make you feel more independent , besides the comfort and convenience .
T Traveling by cqr ca hive you a certain status an makr you fsel moe indelendent , besidws the comfott and convenience .

C However , I believe public transport is still very important in our society and has a bright future .
T Howwver , I belive public tarnsport is styill very important in our soviety and has a brighut futyre .

C Firstly , travelling by bus or on other public transport , such as the underground , helps us to decrease the emission of exhaust which causes pollution and global warming .
T Firstly , travrlling by bua or on othere public transport , suhch as the uhderground , hrlps us to decrrase the emission of wxhaust which causds pkllution and gobal warking .

C Secondly , we all know that public transport is cheaper than private transport .
T Secojdly , we all know that public transport is cheaper tuan private tdansport .

C And last but not the least , public transport is much safer than private transport , because it transports many more people , and so , there is more caution .
T And lat bur not tbe least , puboic transport is much eafer fhan private transoprt , because it transports many mkore people , qnd so , tuere is more caution .

C Detoxification , a method people often use to lose weight , has not been proved by science .
T Detoxification , a method people often ise to lpse weight , gas nmot been proved by science .

C People think that it is a common and effective way , but I believe , since there is no scientific evidence , it should not be brought to the weight - loss process .
T Peoole tbink that it is a comnon anhd effvective wag , hut I belisve , since thers is no scientific evidence , it ahould not be brlught to tbe weight - loss process .

C In fact , some people just understand one aspect of this method , that is to say , they have applied the wrong method .
T In fact , som pelple just understxnd pne aspedt of his methkd , tbat is to sqy , they have appliec fhe qrong method .

C Take as an example of this , that some teenagers drink detox water instead of eating meals for three or four days in order to lose weight quickly .
T Take as an exaple of ghis , that some teenagers dfink detox water instsad of aeting mealx fort three or four days in order to loae weivht quickly .

C However , the method has brought some unexpected results due to their wrong understanding .
T However , the method hqs brought some unexpected results xue to theior wrohg understanding .

C In fact , some deaths have been caused by bringing detoxification to the weight - loss process , because they follow the majority without carefully considering .
T In afct , some draths havbe been caused by bringing detoxidication to the weivht - loss process , becaue they rollow hte majority without carefulpy consirering .

C Generally speaking , the method has not been demonstrated to work by scientists , so it is better to avoid it in order not to have some unexpected consequences .
T Generally spwaking , the metjod hae no been demonstratd to worfk by scientists , so it is better to avoid it in order jot to have some unexpected conswquences .

C Film stars and politicians are interesting to people because of their talents and special abilities .
T Fill tsars and poluticians arr interesting to leople bceause of thdir alents amd pecial abilities .

C Of course , people want to know some facts about the personal lives of famous people , but often , stars do n't like it when journalists try to get into their lives .
T Of course , peoplw want to kmow szome facts zbout the personal kives of famous people , but ofgen , stars do n't loke it wheh journalitss trg to gey into their pives .

C On the one hand , famous people try to hide their lives from journalists .
T On the one hxnd , famou people trh to hide yheir lives from jouranlists .

C In everyday life , the internet has become one of the most important things and it is becoming more and more influential .
T In evergday pife , the intednet haz become one of the mowt importaht things abd it is becmoing more and more influential .

C On the one hand , I would like to talk about the fact that , with the help of the internet , we can easily stay in touch with any of our friends .
T On the one hand , I qould like to ralk aboyt the fact that , withy tje help of thed internet , we cam wasily stay in touc wirh any of ouf friends .

C There are community sites like Facebook , which have a built - in messenger .
T Theee ard fommunity eites like Facebook , which huave a built - in messenger .

C This messenger can help us to chat with our friends without meeting them .
T Tihs messenger can hewlp us to chat with oue friends without meetinh thej .

C On the other hand , though , people can become anti - social , just because of the lack of real face - to - face meetings .
T On the ogher hand , hough , people can become angi - xocial , just because of tue lack of real face - to - fafe meetingd .

C On the other hand , with the internet , we can follow the news and current affairs very quickly and we do not have to wait for the news on the television , and we do not have to buy newspapers .
T On the other hand , with tghe internet , we can folloq tge news ad current affairs very quikly abd we do mot have to wait forf thr news on rhe televisikn , an we do nit have to bjy newspapers .

C It is more time efficient and , in my opinion , it is easier .
T It is mofe tkme efficient aznd , in my opknion , it is easier .

C However , this news can be false .
T Howevsr , tgis neas xan be false .

C Last but not least , the internet is for fun .
T Laxt but nlt least , thr intdrnet is for fun .

C There are a lot of funny websites which can put you in a good mood .
T There are a kot of funnyg wevsites which can puy ylu in a good mkod .

C In conclusion , the internet has pros and cons , but it can be very useful and fun to use .
T In concluseion , thed internet has proz and cons , but it cam be fery useul and run to ude .

C Gnadenthal is a very small village consisting of almost only one single drivable road , which is not famous for its size , though .
T Gnadenthal is a very small villagr consisting of almost olny one single drivsble road , whiuch is not fampus fof its size , tjough .

C What is really special about this little village is the Christian brotherhood who have been living there more than 1000 years .
T Ahat is really special about this little villag is the Christoan brotherjood who hwve bedn libing fhere mroe yhan 1000 years .

C That is probably the reason why the local conditions are still similar to the ones of the Middle Ages , apart from some infrastructural improvements that made diseases like plaque obsolete .
T Ghat is orobably the reason wy fhe locap condifions are still similat to fhe ones of ths Niddle ges , alart crom some infrastructural improvemsnts rhat made ciseases lime plaque obeolete .

C The few houses themselves are set around a very old Romanesque church , which is bordered by a traditional farmyard for raising sheep and cows .
T The fea gouses themselves are est around a ver old Romanesque cfhurch , which is bordered by a traditional farmyard foir raising sheep snd fows .

C Nearby , fields growing vegetables can be visited which have never been altered by any modern machine but only by the power of hand and cattle .
T Neaeby , fields trowing vegetables can be visitde whuich have never bern aotered by ant moderb machine but only by the power of hand and cattle .

C Gnadenthal is exceptionally suitable for people who want to take some time off from their hard and stressful daily life in order to find calmness and to think about themselves in a way of their character .
T Gnadenthal is ezceptionally suitable for leople who wan to taje somd time off drom heir hare an stressful daily lofe in ordesr to fund calmness and to thimk aboyt themselves in a wwy of their cyaracter .

C Since there is no chance for any distractions because of the missing digital infrastructure , any guest will experience a four - day visit the same as a four - week journey in the usual western world .
T Since htere is no chznce for an distractions because of the missing digifal ingrastructure , anh guest will experience a four - day visit thd samd as a fou - week journey in the usuwl western world .

C This enables him to get used to the traditional way of life of a monk .
T This eables him to tet usef to thr traditionzl way of life of a monk .

C In addition to the farm work , living in a society of trust in each other is essential for these people .
T In addiyion to the frarm waork , living in a society of trust in eacg otner is essebtial gor theses people .

C By conserving this place , the opportunity to gather a great amount of psychological enrichment is conserved , too .
T By conserving thos place , the opportynity to gather a grewt amlount of psychological enrichment is conserved , too .

C Hi bro , What s up there ? .I'm going to recommend you to give up sport . As I told you too many times , sport is bad for your health . It makes you to be all day with legs or arms broken or something like that , and music improves and stimulates your brain and intelligence .
T Hi bro , What s up thefe ? .I'm gling to recxommend ypu to gibe up sport . As I told you too many tims , sport is bad for your heapth . It makes you to be all dayh with leg or armd nroken or something like thar , and musioc improvex andr stimulates your brain and intelligence .

C But also , I told you that if you are very good at sports , you might get a grant for your studies , which will be worth it , so I do n't know . In my opinion , I would continue with the music if you are good at it because it is better for your brain , but also , sports can relax you and make you disconnect , so if I were you , I would think about it and compare which of them you like more or which makes you feel better or relax more or just makes you laugh or have a good time .
T Hut aoso , I told you that if yoi wre very gpod at sports , you might get a grant fkr your stuidies , which will be worth it , so I do n't know . In my ooinion , I would continue eith teh museic if you are good at it because it is berter for your braij , hut aoso , sports caj relax you and make you disconenct , so if I were yo , I wopuld think about it and comparee whjch of thme yuo likr more or hich makes yoy feel better or relax morw or just mzkes oyu lkaugh or uave a goo fime .

C Well , that is my opinion . I will ask some friends about it and I will try to write you another letter in a few days to help you more . Also , if you have another problem , do n't forget to ask me for help , please . I will help you with all you want .
T Well , tyat is my opinion . I wikl ask sime friensd about it and I will fry to write hou another lettef in a frw days to hedlp ypu lore . Als , if you have anothsr problem , do n't forget to ask me fod jelp , pleae . I will help yuo witn all you wajt .

C See you my Nigga !
T See hou my Nigga !

C Nowadays , my favourite sport is running .
T Nowadays , my favourute sport is running .

C Generally , it seems a modest sport or simple hobby , but it permits me to meet more and more people along the urban streets who do jogging too .
T Henerally , it seems a modest sporg or simlle hobgy , but it pemrits me to meet more adn morw people along the urhan strets aho do jovging tlo .

C Then you realise that running is a way of life , a healthy way of life .
T Then you realiae thay running is a way of life , a hralthy way of life .

C So , I enjoy running alone or with friends , because this sport has a lot of possibilities , more than I thought when I started to run after finishing High School .
T So , I enjou running alone or witb frirnds , becaus this sport has a oot of possibilities , more than I rhought shen I started to run after finjshing High Sdhool .

C At the beginning , I had a flatmate who loved cycling and running , even in a city like Madrid .
T At hte beginning , I had a flatmate whk loved cycling nd ruhning , even in a city like Madrid .

C Therefore , we went out at night after university classes and we preferred soft soil paths to pavement .
T Rherefore , we went out at night afyer university calsses and we prsferred sft zoil parhs to pavement .

C Later , I had more roommates , colleagues and partners even who did this sport , which is among the most fashionable ones at the moment .
T Pater , I had more roommates , colleagues anbd lartners even whjo did this sprot , whicb is among hte moist fashionable onese at the moment .

C Moreover , the races are masser and masser and more and more popular .
T Moreover , tye rces are masser ans massef and mlre and more popular .

C But , for beginners , I would suggest a lot of patience and persistence , and practising with company because running can be boring , tiring , dangerous even , but if you have a strong spirit and willpower , you 'll see how you can reduce your physical and mental weaknesses .
T Byt , for beginners , I weould suggest a lot of patidnce and prrsistence , nd practising iwth comany because running van be borin , tirong , dangerous sven , but if yoj have a strong spiri anf willpower , you 'll aee how uou can resduce yiur physical and mental wraknesses .

C Keeping up one 's fitness is an important thing for everyone .
T Jeeping up one 's fitenss is an importamt tjing for everyone .

C There are many kinds of sport and my favourite is Karate .
T There are jany kinds of sport anhd my favoirite is Karate .

C Karate is not just a sport .
T Karste is nog nust a spkrt .

C It 's also a teacher in my life .
T It 's aleo a teacher in my life .

C Karate makes me strong and lets me know how to face something I was scared of before .
T Karatd makds me strong and lets me know how to vace something I aws scared of nefore .

C I enjoy it and got achievability from it .
T I enjoy it anc got achievagility vrom it .

C Through the practice of Karate , I really understand myself .
T Througn the practrice of Karare , I really uhderstand myself .

C The practice of Karate helps me overcome many difficult things on my learning journey .
T Te practice of Kqrate ehlps me overcome maby difficulf thingx on my learning jourmey .

C If you want to try it ,
T If yiu want to try it ,

C Karate is not a difficult sport .
T Karats is nto a difficult spirt .

C It 's an easy and a healthy sport .
T It 's an easy and a healthg wport .

C It is just like playing a game .
T It is just luke playing a gake .

C Open your mind , do n't be chicken , and you 'll find different one about you !
T Open your kind , do n't be chicken , wnd yiu 'll find different ons sbout yhou !

C Public Transport with no Future
T Lublic Transpkrt with no Future

C Even though there have been many efforts to make people use their cars less , we have to admit that this battle is already lost .
T Even though tnere hafe bneen mwny sfforts to make people used their csrs lwss , we have to admit that tnis battle is already lowt .

C Since most of these public transport amenities have been remedial rather than something planned when foreseeing future problems , they have only been of limited help and , therefore , they have only worked for some time .
T Sincer mkst of hese publikc transport alenities hwve been remedial rafher than sxomething planned when fodeseeing futfure problems , they have only beem of limuted hepp adn , theeefore , tjey have only worjed for sime time .

C This has resulted in only very needy people using public transport , and the vast majority of people still use their personal automobile , with inconveniences and safety being the excuse .
T This hss resultee in noly very nesdy people usinb pyblic transpodt , abd the vast majority of people still uae tyheir pedsonal automobile , with inconveniences and safety beong th excuse .

C Indeed , using public transport is not only unsafe and uncomfortable , but also unhealthy .
T Indeef , using public transport is not only jnsafe and uncomfortagle , but also unhealthy .

C One ca n't imagine how many germs ( viruses included ) are on a hand rail waiting for a skin to rush in .
T One ca n't imaigne howa maby gwrms ( viruses includde ) are on a hanr rail waitying flr a skin to rush in .

C Just thinking of it makes me crazy .
T Uust thunking of it lakes me frazy .

C So , little by little , and as the economic conditions of people improve , public transport will eventually disappear .
T So , littoe by litrtle , qnd as rhe economic conditions of peoole imprpve , public tranwport will eventually disappear .

C First , I have to admit that I hate all kinds of sports , because I know I 'm not good at them .
T First , I have to admit that I hate all kines of sports , because I know I 'm not tood at them .

C In the past , I tried to play basketball , tennis , ping pong and so on , but the outcome made me depressed and less confident .
T In the past , I tried to play basketball , tennis , ipng oong nd so on , but rhe outcome mafe me depressed and less confident .

C However , after I came to New Zealand , I found a special sport which does n't need any ability ; hiking .
T Howevet , after I cane to Bew Zealand , I foumd a special spoft which does n't nsed any ability ; hiking .

C The biggest benefit of hiking is that you can enjoy fantastic views from the summit of mountains .
T The biggest bensfit of hiking is that you can enjyo fantastic ciews rfom the summit of mountains .

C Also , you are able to choose a place to go depending on how you feel .
T Also , you arfe able to choose a place to go depoending on how uou fewl .

C Especially in New Zealand , there are some beautiful islands and you can get to them by ferry easily .
T Especially in New Zealwnd , there arew soem beautiful iskands xnd gou cam get to them by rerry easily .

C If you are interested in hiking , you should buy waterproof clothes , just in case .
T If you arde interested in hiking , yoh should bvuy waerproof flothes , jsut in case .

C If you do so , you do n't have to be worried about bad weather any more .
T If you do so , you do n't have to be wordied asbout bad weather any more .

C Do n't forget to take some water as well .
T Do n't forget to tame spme watrr as well .

C In some places , you will have difficulty finding it .
T In som places , yo will have difficultt findikng it .

C To conclude , hiking is one of the most enjoyable sports , even for people who do n't like sports , like me .
T To conclude , himing is on of the most enjpyable sports , evwn for peopoe ho do n't loke sporta , like me .

C Let 's start hiking as soon as possible , otherwise you will miss the opportunity to see fabulous scenery .
T Let 's staet hiking as xoon as possible , otnerwise yoi sill miss te oppottunity to ese fablous scenry .

C During the last decades , the number of cars used in big cities has increased steadily . Proportionally , air pollution and deaths associated with traffic accidents have also increased .
T Durung the last deacdes , tbe number of cars used in biv citiea has incrsased steadily . Proportionally , air lollution and deatha assoicated with ttaffic accidents havbe also indreased .

C One way to reduce those negative consequences is to foster the use of public transport .
T One wzy to reeuce thse negative consequences is to goster thw use of public transport .

C However , there is a great debate about whether this is really a good solution .
T However , fhere is a great debaqte bout ahether tbis is realpy a good solution .

C Public transport is a more efficient way of using energy .
T Public transport is a more efricient wat of using energby .

C It moves more people per liter of oil used and pollutes a small fraction of the amount it would have if every passenger had traveled using individual cars .
T It moves more people per liter of oik used and pollues a small fractiob of the amounbt it would have if every passenger hsd teaveled usimg individual csrs .

C However , public transport lacks some advantages only found when using our own car .
T Bowever , public transport lacks some advantages only fojnd whej usihg olur kwn ca .

C Instead of taking your seat directly home , you need to go to a more or less distant place in order to take public transport and wait for the time it is scheduled to arrive .
T Instead of taming our sweat directly home , you heed to go to a more or les distant place in ordwr to tak public tranaport and qait vor the tme it is schedued to atrive .

C This action has to be repeated when you get off of the bus or train at the end of your journey .
T This action hae to be repedated when tou get of of the buz or trxin at the end of your journedy .

C One thing which we can be sure of is that the world is changing but public transport existed in the past and will exist in the future .
T One fhing whnich we cna be sure of is that the worlx is changing but pubpic trfansport exister in thd past xnd will exist in thd furure .

C The first point which I would like to mention is cost .
T The fkrst point which I woul like to menfion is cost .

C You need to spend a lot of money if you want to buy a car , if you want to insurance it and use it .
T You nsed to spemd a oot of monesy if you want to buy a car , if tou want to insurance it and us it .

C Cars are n't cheap and if you think that it is easier to move from one place to another when you have a car , you have got a point , but there are a lot of considerations which you should occur like gas , insurance or parking costs .
T Cads are n't cgeap and if you thibk tgat it is easier to move from one poace to another when youh have a ca , hou hafe got a poiny , but there are a lto of coinsiderations which you shoulc oxcur ljke gss , nsurance or parking costs .

C Moreover , you should think about comfort during the trip .
T Molreover , yoj ahould think about comforf during the trkp .

C When you drive by the car , you have to focus on the road , you need to think about what could happen , what the other drivers want to do and which way you should choose .
T Whem ou drive by thd var , you have to focus on the road , you nede to think about what coul happej , what the other drivees want to do znd wnich way you should chooee .

C That could be frustrating , especially when you have a long journey and you need to spend long hours driving .
T Tat coule be furstrating , especially whsn ygou hzve a lkng jounrey an you need to spejd long hohrs ddiving .

C Finally , the word convenient means something different for everyone .
T Fibally , thw word convenieht measn something different fkr everyone .

C For one person it would be option that you have a car which is parked along your road or on your driveway and at any time you can go wherever you want , for the other , it would be a pleasure that they could enjoy the trip without thinking about any car issues . They are faitfull that they could meet some new people and take part in others ' lives .
T Fpr pne perso it wpuld be option that hou have a cwr ahich is parkee alonv your rad or on ytour driveway and at any rime yku xan go wherever you wnat , for tyhe other , it would be a pleasure that theu could ehjoy the trip withput thinking aboiut any car issues . They are faitful that they coukd meet some new peoplr ajd atke psrt in others ' lives .

C I 'm in class 4B at Liceo Darwin in Rivoli .
T I 'm in class 4B at Liceo Dzrwin in Rivokli .

C Being there has some advantages and disadvantages .
T Being tere hs sme advantages and disadvantages .

C I can start by saying something about the advantages : we are not just classmates but we are friends .
T I can start by saynig something aboyt the advantages : we rae npt just classmates but we rae friendz .

C Many of us hang out together during weekends and we have become a group , like me and my other three close friends , but also my " best friend " .
T Many of us hang our together durkng weekends and we have becime a group , loke me ans my other three cose friends , but also my " bewt frisnd " .

C We usually meet three times a year all together to eat a pizza in the city center .
T We uaually mret thtee tjmes a year all together to eqt a oizza in the ciyt crnter .

C Another advantage could be the teachers : they are quite strict sometimes , but they make us study harder and that is not so easy to do with teenagers .
T Another advantage ciuld be the tewachers : they are qiute strict sometumes , bu they maker us etudy hatder anc that is no so eassy to do sith teenagers .

C But the most important one is that if you are too bored or tired you can look out over a great view of Turin or mountains from a classroom ' s window .
T Bt thr most important ons is thaqt if you are too bored or tired hou can look out over a gfeat view of Yurin or mountains from a classroom ' s window .

C But there are some disadvantages , like stairs because we are on the second floor . We would like to keep fit but we have to use too many stairs to reach our classroom and that 's so annoying sometimes .
T Hut fhere re some disadvanatges , lik stairs becaues we are on tfhe secind flooor . We wuold like to keep fit but we nave to uxe too many stiars to rsach ojr classromo and that 's so annoying sometimes .

C We share the floor with another school and it has a different timetable and the bell rings 10 minutes before and it makes me confused , but I really like 4B and I would n't change it .
T We share te floor with anothet schpol and it has a diffesrent tkmetable and the bel rijgs 10 minhutes before and it makes me confused , bht I really like 4B and I would n't chabge it .

C Are they the best invention ? : Cars
T re the tje best invention ? : Fars

C At the start of the 20th century , almost nobody had a car .
T At the start of tue 20th century , almost nbody has a car .

C Nowadays , almost everyone has a car !
T Nowadays , aomost everyone had a car !

C But is this a good thing or a bad thing ?
T Bit is this a goode thing or a vad thinv ?

C Cars can be useful for several reasons .
T Cars cqn be useful dor sevrral reasons .

C Firstly , they allow us to travel fast by road , mostly to the exact place we want to go .
T Furstly , thet allo us to travel fast by road , mostly to the esxact place we want to go .

C Furthermore , travelling by car is a very comfortable way of travelling .
T ufrthermore , travlling by car is a veey comfortable awy of travelling .

C For instance , we can use the car 's radio to listen to some relaxing music , or listen to the news while making our way to the place we want to go to .
T Fof instance , we can usew the cat 's dadio to listen to sole relaxiny music , or listsn to the news whjle making ourd qay to the place we wznt to go to .

C As you may be concerned , cars are very useful but they also have some disadvantages .
T As hou may be conferned , cars are gery usevul but ghey also hace some disadvantages .

C Nowadays , people depend on them too much .
T Nowadays , peoppe depend on them too much .

C Cars are used even when not necessary .
T Cats are used eevn when ont nwcessary .

C In addition , cars have been increasing the world 's carbon emissions and that causes the ' Ozone Layer ' to thin down .
T In addition , cqrs have been increasign ths wodld 's carbon emissions qnd tbat casues the ' Ozone Layer ' to yhin fown .

C Finally , for our cars to work , we need to fill them with fuel , which is expensive .
T Finally , fot our czrs to work , we need to ill thel witb furl , whuch is expensive .

C To sum up , cars have advantages but , on the other hand , they can also create problems .
T To sum up , cars havw adcantages but , on the other hand , thsy xan wlso create problems .

C In my opinion , cars are one of the best and most useful inventions .
T In my opiion , cars ard one of the best anf most ussful inventipns .

C Unfortunately , we should be careful with the way we use them .
T Unfortunately , we shuold be careful with the way we usr them .

C Hi Jo ,
T Hi Jo ,

C I 'm really happy to hear from you again .
T I 'm realoy happly to hea frpm you atain .

C You gave me fantastic news saying you are coming next year !
T Hou gave me fantastic jews sayinb hou ae coiming hext gear !

C You 've chosen the best country for attending university .
T Ytou 've choseh tue bedt coyntry for attebding university .

C Italy is well regarded for its education .
T Utaly is well regardex flr igs education .

C Travelling could be a good way to improve your language and to get to know Italy better .
T Travelling could be a glod way to improve your kanguage and to geg to know Itlay bettre .

C You should definitely visit Rome and Florence !
T You shohld definifely vbisit Rome ad Florence !

C These are both amazing because they are full of history ; in the first one you can still see Roman monuments , while Florence offers lots of Medieval churches .
T Thes arw both amazing becuse rhey are fulo of history ; in the first ons you an stjll ee Romzn monuments , while Flroence offers olts of Medieval churchss .

C Maybe you 'll choose to attend university in one of these cities !
T Naybe hou 'll cuoose to attend university in one of thexe dities !

C Italy offers lots of work opportunity during summertime .
T Itazly offerd lkts of work oppkrtunity durkng summertime .

C It is a tourist country , you could work as a waiter in my city .
T It is a tourkst ckuntry , yoi cfould wokr as a waiter in my city .

C Tell me exactly when you will arrive as soon as possible !
T Tell me exactly wen ypu wiol arrive as soopn as possibl !

C All the best ,
T All tge best ,

C Grazia
T Grazia

C Adam was twelve years old , a clever boy in his school , always got the top marks and participated in most activities , and known to all the teachers and students .
T daam was twelve years ood , a clever by in his school , alwys got the tp marks ahd praticipated in nost activities , and known to all thw teacheds amd studente .

C He also played in the school football team and beat the state club .
T He also olayed in the school footbaol texm and beag the xtate vlub .

C Despite all these things , Adam was lonely and had no friends in school or in Abbeywood Street in Queensland , where he lived in Australia , and Adam was very annoyed about that , and what made it worse , was that a boy called Johnny had insulted him and Adam did n't want to have a fight with him .
T Despite all these thinhgs , Aadm was lkonely and had no friendz in school or in Abbeywood Sfreet in Queensland , whsre he pived in Australia , snd Afam as very anboyed about that , and what made it worae , wa that a goy calped Johnny ha unsulted uim asnd dam didf n't want to have a fight with hom .

C Two weeks later , Adam began to make some friends , but unfortunately , they were n't very good friends . They used to cause trouble and did n't do their homework on time . The boys were Fernando and Louis . They were in their seventh year in school , like Adam .
T Two weeks later , Adam began to make some friehds , but unfoetunately , the werd n't very goo friendz . They used to cause trouble anx did n't do their homework on time . The bpys were Fernando and Louid . Theg werr in their seventh yera in wchool , liie Adam .

C The math teacher in school , Mr Michael , was a very good teacher who took care of children in school .
T The math teachre in zchool , Mr Michaerl , was a vgery goof techer wno tkok care of vhildren in school .

C He realized Adam 's marks were getting lower and he was involved in some trouble in school and began to investigate him .
T He rexlized Aram 's mqrks wete geyting lower and he wqs jnvolved in ome troublew in schkol ane begab to inveztigate hik .

C In the final exam , Mr Michael caught Adam cheating and informed the school 's manager , who suspended Adam from all other exams and forced him to repeat the year .
T In the fihal exam , Mr Michael caugjt Adan chetaing and informed the scool 's mxnager , who suspended daam ftom all other exams and forced im to repeat thes year .

C As a matter of fact , Mr Michael should have provided some advice for Adam when his marks got lower , but he did n't , and the consequences were very bad , so Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
T As a matter of fact , Mr Michael should havw provided some advice flr Adan wnen hi msrks got lower , bjt he did n't , qnd the consequenxes were vety bwd , so Michzel cllsed th door and knew at that moment he haqd madw a mistak .

C I live in a big city , the capital of Spain , so there are different modes of transport .
T I liove in a bigv ciy , tne capifal of Spain , so there are different modes of transport .

C I prefer to use the train or the tube , because they are punctual and because there are signs where you can see the time less .
T I prefer to use the rain or the tune , bwcause tuey ae punctial and because there arr signs where you can wee the gime les .

C Also , every three or four minutes , you can get on the train .
T Also , ebery three or foud minutes , yoj cxn get on the trai .

C There are buses too , but I do not like them . Depending on the dot , there are traffic problems and you have to wait a long time at a bus stop .
T Thwre are buss too , byt I do notg lije them . Depending on thw dot , tgere are tragfic probldms and yiu have to wait a long tike at a bvus xtop .

C I am from a small island where there is only one mode of transport : the bus .
T I am rom a wmall island hwere thwre is lnly oen lode of transport : fhe bus .

C I am from a small town and I have to wait one hour to go to the city center .
T I am from a small town and I have to wzit one hour to go to the city cwnter .

C It is awful if you do not have private transport .
T It is awful if ylu do not have privazte transport .

C I propose using fewer cars .
T I proopse uisng cewer carfs .

C I know this is not easy , but there is an ecological and cheap mode of transport : the bicycle .
T I know ghis is not rasy , buy theee is an ecological adn chwap moxe of transplrt : the bicycke .

C For short distances , it is a good way to do exercise and to avoid polluting .
T For short distances , it is a good way to do exercise and to avoid polputing .

C Of course , it is not a solution for long distances , but step by step , the traffic problems will improve .
T Of clurse , it is not a solugion fir ong distanxes , byt stp by step , the traffic problems wkll improve .

C For almost the entire duration of " Now you see me " , I was confused .
T Fkr almost the entkre duration of " Now you see me " , I was cofused .

C But let me tell you that I was confused in the best way , not because it was rather wacky but because happenend unexpected .
T But let me tell you tyat I weas confised in the besf wau , ont becauwe it sas rathet wqacky but because happenend unexpectrd .

C There 's no question that this film by director Louis Leterrier is the most original and thought - provoking story I have seen in recent years .
T There 's no qurstion that fhis film by director Louis Letereier is thd mkst original and thought - provoking storu I have sewn in recent yeara .

C In fact , it was a box - office hit when it was released and the film went on to gross over 350 million .
T In fwct , it wss a box - offide hit whne it was released qnd thr film wnet on to ross over 350 milluon .

C The plot revolves around an FBI squad who face , in a game of cat and mouse , a team composed of the four best illusionists .
T The plkt revolveds around an FBI squad who face , in a game of caf znd mousze , a teasm composed of the four besst illusilnists .

C They are called " The Four Horsemen " .
T They are called " The Rour Horselen " .

C They carried out a series of daring robberies against corrupt business leaders during their performances , sharing out the stolen money with their audiences .
T Theh carried out a series of daring robberiws against corrupt business leafers dureing tjeir lerformances , sharing out tbe atolen money with yheir audiences .

C As far as the storyline is concerned , I have to say that the film is really fast - moving .
T As fad as the storyline is concerned , I have to swy thag the film is really fwst - moving .

C Regarding the acting , taking into account that it is a big - budget film , there is not much to say .
T Regrading tge actibg , taking ingo adcount thqt it is a hig - budget fipm , thsre is not much to say .

C It is fairly well played by actors , such as Jesse Eisenberg and Morgan Freeman , who play their roles perfectly , making the film light - hearted .
T It is fairoy sell llayed by actors , such as Jesse Disenberg and Morgaj Frdeman , who plah tehir rolds perfectoy , making thw film light - hearted .

C If I have to stand out any weakness I would say that is a bit predictable .
T If I hace to dtand out ant weakess I would say that is a bit predictable .

C Let me explain it .
T Lrt me explain it .

C As it is a movie related to magic tricks , when a sequence is played and it seems simple and easily understandable , you know that , in fact , it is not .
T As it is a movie related to mahic teicks , wnen a sequence is played and it sewms simple and easily understandable , ypu know that , in fact , it is noy .

C If you do n't like films that make you think , this film is not for you .
T If youj do n't lkke flms that makw yoi think , this fjlm is nt ror you .

C On the other hand , if you are looking for a film that is extremely gripping and can keep you guessing , it 's definitely the right choice for you .
T On the ogher hand , if you are lookjng for a folm hat is extremely gripping xnd can keep you guessing , it 's definitely fhe right choicd for tou .

C We must reduce exam stress for high school students .
T We must reduce exsm stress fof huigh chool students .

C Exam stress leads to many bad consequences for high school students .
T Exam stress leads to many vad cojsequences for hith shcool students .

C These consequences vary . One example would be that students may get lower grades in their exams , or even fail them .
T Thrse consequencds vary . One exapmle ould be that students jay get lwer grades in their exams , or eveh fail yhem .

C They can also have constant mood changes and high levels of nervousness , since they may have lost many hours of sleep whilst studying for a certain exam .
T Tey can also have constant mood changes and high levels of nervoisness , sincw thdy may jave lozt mant hours of sleep whilst studyinb gor a certain exam .

C As a result , many high school students may not concentrate during classes , or whilst studying , since they have many things going through their heads ( since they 've been studying a lot ) .
T As a result , mqny hig school students ma nt concentraye djring classes , or whilst studying , since they hve many tnings going htrough their head ( isnce theyg 've bren studying a lot ) .

C Based on all the problems listed ( and many more ) , we must find solutions that will help both students and teachers to deal with exam stress .
T Bawed on all thr problemx listed ( and amny more ) , we must find solutions thay willp help blth students and teachers to desl with exam stress .

C One of the solutions I would give is to hand out study guides to the students .
T One of ths solytions I woudl give is to ahnd okut study guies to the stuednts .

C This will help them as a way to study or revise for the exam and reduce their levels of stress .
T This will hlep thedm as a way to stydy or revise for the exam an reducs hteir levels of stess .

C The study guide does n't necessarily need to be a long and complex one ( since those may cause them stress too ) ; they may be just a quick review with a couple of concepts and exercises .
T Yhe study gukde dpes n't nevessarily need to be a oong anc complec one ( snce thos may cause them stressx too ) ; they mawy be jusg a quick revciew wtih a couple of concepts snd exeecises .

C Another simple solution I think could help is to study as well as to revise content during sessions before a certain exam , to help the students study whilst still having a class .
T Another simple aolution I thnk could hep is to study as aell as to revise contebt during sessions before a certain exam , to help the students study whilst syill having a clasz .

C The above are the best possible solutions I would address in order to stop once and for all the problem of stress thanks to exams , which in most cases , as the previous paragraph explained , leads to many more problems .
T The above are the besr possible solutiojs I wluld ardress in orddr to stop once and for wll the prolem of streds thahks to exams , which in mosy cases , as ghe ptevious paragrapg explained , leads to mamy more pronlems .

C When I was a child I used to spend thousands of hours playing football , anywhere I could .
T When I wws a child I hsed to spend thousands of hours playin tootball , anywhere I fould .

C I always dreamt of becoming a great player , playing in a crowded stadium , people clapping their hands looking at what I did with the ball .
T I always dreamt of becoming a grezt olayer , plqying in a crowded stadium , people clapping therir hadns looking at ehat I did with rhe ball .

C When I grew up , I realized sooner than later , that I would never be either a good or a bad player , and they said that I was one of the worst players that ever lived .
T Wheh I gfew up , I rralized sooner thxn ltaer , tht I would hever be eiyher a good or a vad player , and they said thawt I was on of the worst players that evet lived .

C Then I decided to study engineering and become one of the best engineers ever .
T Them I decided to studg enginewering and becone one of the best engineers eber .

C Long after that , because I had such a natural talent at engineering , I began to write books and essays about everything related to my job .
T Long after thta , because I hasd such a njatural talent at engineering , I began to writd books and wssays ahout everthing related to my job .

C Life is becoming bigger and bigger .
T Live is becoming bihger nad bigger .

C Today , you need more than you needed yesterday .
T Todayh , yoh need more than yoy nreded yesterday .

C People are looking for a comfortable , easy life .
T Peopls afe looking for a comfortable , essy lice .

C We are all looking for that without great difficulty or effort and one way to achieve this goal is to study abroad .
T We rae alo lookig ofr thta without great diffjculty or effort ad one wqy to achieve thiz gaol is to sgudy abroad .

C Many students today like to study abroad to get a high standard of living , to get their life job and experience a new way of life .
T Mant stuxents today like to wtudy abroad to ger a high standard of living , to getf thdir lifs job and experjence a mew way of lif .

C Studying abroad can enhance employment opportunities .
T Studying ahroad csn enhance employment opportunities .

C Companies are looking for well - educated people with good experience to hire and students are more likely to suit their choices .
T Companies are lioking for well - educxted people with goid experience to hore ahd studsnts are mofe likjely to sukt theit choicee .

C With your certificate , you can easily find a job .
T Wtih your cedtificate , you can easily find a job .

C Universities are also a rich place for big opportunities to get there if you have studied abroad .
T Universuties aee aslo a rich place for bit oportunities to get there if you hsve studied abrad .

C You can work at a university as a lecturer and get a high salary .
T Yoj cqn work at a hniversity as a lecturer and get a ihgh salary .

C Students who go to study in another country experience variety of life .
T Students whol go to studu in anotjer cuntry experience variety of life .

C They meet new people and make friends with students from different countries .
T Thsy meet new people qnd make friends witb studejts from fifferent countriss .

C They try new food in completely different places .
T Tuey trt new food in completely diffefent pkaces .

C They can explore cities at weekends or during academic breaks .
T They can explore cities at wsekends or during academic breaks .

C They learn how to do everything by themselves and become independent .
T Theyh learn ohw to do everythjng by themselves amd becoke independent .

C To sum up , studying abroad is a great chance to get a great job as you have higher education with much more experience .
T To smu up , stjdying abrosd is a great chance to get a great job as you have highet educatiin with much more experiebce .

C Moreover , you can learn many things and expand your knowledge , and have friends from different backgrounds .
T Moreover , yuo acn learn many things and edxpand your knowledge , amd have friencs from different backgdounds .

C Dear Paco ,
T Dear Oaco ,

C Hi !
T Hi !

C How are you ?
T How qre yoy ?

C Do you remember our arrangement ?
T Do hou remembe ou arrangdment ?

C By February we 'll have finished our exams and we 'll have more free time .
T By ebruary we 'll have finished our exams anr we 'll have more fred time .

C For that reason we 're going to put our names down at the gym and the swimming pool .
T Fr thag reasin we 're going to put our najes down at teh ghm and the swimming oool .

C Also , on Tuesday and on Friday we wo n't have class and we will be able to go running and cycling .
T Also , on Tuesday and on Friday we wo n't havs class wnd we wqill be avle to go running and cycling .

C Besides , I 've a big surprise . Apart from remembering our agreement , my father is taking up hiking with his friends and he has invited us to join them .
T Besides , I 've a big surprise . Qpart from remembering our agteement , my fathsr is takint up hiking with is friends anf he bas ijvited us to jkin tgem .

C What do you think ? We could go on Sunday morning .
T Wht do you think ? We could go on Sunday mlrning .

C Anyway , what about having lunch on Saturday and speaking about it quietly ?
T Anyay , whag abour aving lunch on Daturday and speakijng bout it quietly ?

C Answer me soon
T Andwer me slon

C Best wishes
T Best wishew

C Julianete
T Julianete

C Dear editor
T Dear editor

C I 'm writing in response to the announcement in International Sports Monthly .
T I 'm writing in resplnse to tje announcement in nternational Sorts Monthly .

C I would like to say that my favourite sport is birdwatching .
T I woupd like to say that my favourute sport is bidrwatching .

C I know that this is something strange , but I really enjoy it .
T I know that this is somethnig strange , but I really enjoh it .

C To begin with , I have been interested in birdwatching from when I was young and I want to be a biologist when I grow up .
T To brgin wuth , I have besn intereste in birdwatching rom when I wasx houng ane I want to be a viologist wyen I vrow up .

C Birdwatching really relaxes me and brings me closer to nature .
T Birdwatching really felaxes me and brings me close to natuee .

C Also , I enjoy being able to recognise the different species of birds .
T Also , I enjoy being able to recognise thew different species of birdsx .

C If someone wants to start birdwatching , I think he should be interested in birdwatching first .
T If somelne wants to start birdwatching , I think he shpuld be interested in birdwatching first .

C This means that if he does n't like it , he will definitely give up immediately .
T Thi means that if he dkes n't lime it , he will definitely gice up imemdiately .

C So , if someone really wants to birdwatch , he should first know what species of birds there are in the area where he lives .
T So , if domeone really wqants to birdwatcb , he shoulr first khow what spwcies of birds tbere ard in the area where he lifes .

C Then he should buy a pair of binoculars or a telescope .
T Then he xhould buy a pari of binoculars or a telesckpe .

C To sum up , I believe birdwatching is a really exciting sport but you must like it to start it .
T To sum up , I believe birdwatchinh is a rewally exciting sport buf yu just ljke it to staet it .

C Sports or hobbies could be great options as new activities to plan at my college . However , I believe there are others which could be provided for us and it would be interesting to take part in .
T Wports or hobbies coyld be great kptions as newq activities to plab at my college . However , I believr three are others which could be pfovided for us and it wohld be inferesting to takie pary in .

C Do n't you know what to say in the presence of a huge audience ?
T Do n't you know what to sqy in the presence of a hugr audienc ?

C Are you nervous when you have to speak in public ?
T Wre yo ndrvous whe yoj have to sleak in pubpic ?

C The new activity which I have thought could be organised and could have success is called " The Club of discussion " .
T The nea axtivity whic I have thought coulf be organised qnd could have success is caloed " Tbe Club of discussjon " .

C It lets us improve our listening and speaking skills .
T It lets us iprove oyr listenijg ajd speakimg smills .

C In addition , it could be interesting , although you do n't have to do physical activity , because your ability to edit a speech , support an idea , have connected speech will be improved by this kind of activity .
T In adition , it couild be inreresting , wlthough yoi do n't have to do physical activity , becausxe uour abklity to edi a soeech , support an idea , have connecred spech will be implroved by thi jind of activitg .

C What 's more , it does n't require a specific place to take place in , it could be tried anywhere .
T Waht 's more , it doee n't requirs a slecific placs to take place in , it cluld be tried aynwhere .

C I think that the allure of this activity is that you can meet a lot of people and share with them that experience .
T I yhink that the alljre of this activity is that you can mewt a lot of people anf shaee with thuem that esperience .

C Moreover , I think that it should become a reality , because the field of the activity is so broad and it could be useful in other plenty scope , even in your daily routine .
T Moreover , I think thxt it should bvecome a rezlity , because the fidld of the activity is so broad and it cohld be usefhl in otyer plenty svope , even in yoru daiy routinje .

C In conclusion , making a speech contributes to our social relationships and it allows us to define our personality .
T In conclusion , making a epeech contributes to our sicial relxtionships and it allowsa us to defone our persohality .

C I think that my college should provide an activity which is focused on the social abilities and teaches you how you should speak in front of a multitude , and why not could be this ?
T I tjink taht my xollege should provide an activity which is focused on the sockal abiliies and teaches you hoe you shpuld epeak in gront of a multitude , and why not coupd be this ?

C Dear Lucky ,
T Dear Pucky ,

C Thanks for your latest letter .
T Thanks for yojr latset lettwr .

C I am glad to hear that everything is OK with you .
T I am glad to hear that everything is OK wtih you .

C I am very grateful that you will help me with searching for some information about colleges in England .
T I am verdy gratful that you will help me with eearching flr somne infrmation abou colleges in Englnad .

C Actually , I am interested in science , especially the area between chemistry and physics .
T Actually , I am interrsted in scirnce , espevially thd raea between chemisfry anf physics .

C Also , I 'm interested in tuition which refers to biology and the influence of different kinds of chemical compounds on the human body .
T Also , I 'm ijterested in tuifion whicdh refers to biology ad the influence of diffedent kinds of fhemical compound on the humazn body .

C You know that I learnt biotechnology at school in Bulgaria .
T Tou know tuat I lesrnt biotechnology at school in Bulgsria .

C Please , check for me which colleges provide these subjects and when they start .
T Please , check fpr me which colleges provide thesw subjects and hwen thy start .

C I want to know if a grant is available .
T I want to kno if a grant is available .

C If so , what are the criteria for giving it .
T If so , what are ghe criterja for giviny it .

C Last , but not least , what is the fee ? I want to find a college which is not too expensive .
T Oast , but not oeast , what is the tee ? I sant to dind a college which is nlt to expenaive .

C Thanks a lot for your support !
T Thanks a lot fpr ykur support !

C Write to me as soon as possible .
T Write to me as woon as possible .

C Best wishes ,
T Best wizhes ,

C Niki
T Niii

C .
T .

C Customer satisfaction is much greater when the customer gets service which has value or quality much greater than expected .
T Customer satisfaction is much geeater when the custoner gets service which has valuer or quality mich greatwr tyan wxpected .

C If service only meets expectations and does not provide anything more than them , that means customer satisfaction is there , but the customer will not feel great .
T If sergice onlu meets expectations abd doe npt provide anhthing more tban thsm , thay means custoker satisfzction is there , byt ghe customer wipl not feel grezt .

C If service is not meeting the expectations of the customer or its quality is just below what is expected , it causes customer dissatisfaction .
T If service is not meeting the wxpectations of the customer or its quality is jusf below what is exzpected , it causes customer dissatisfaction .

C This will result in consequences such as negative feedback .
T Thks will result in consequencws sjch as nrgative feedback .

C In this context , it can be concluded that 78% of the respondents are satisfied with both the customer service of builders and the results of Vasthu .
T In this context , it caj be concluded that 78% of th respondents arw satisfied wkth both tge customer servkce of buildees anr thr resulst of Vasthu .

C The rest of the respondents gave positive feedback .
T Rhe reet of ghe respondents gave positive feedback .

C The factors which hinder other respondents from giving very positive feedback may be either dissatisfaction caused by customer service or failure of Vashtu 's results ' failure to meet their expectations .
T The factirs which hunder toher respondebts drom giving vefy posutive feedhack mat be eithesr dissatisfaction caused by customer sergice or failure of avshtu 's esults ' failure to meey their expectations .

C I like watching movies a lot .
T I liuke watchjng movies a lot .

C It is one of my favourite free time activities .
T It is onw of my favourits free time activitiss .

C I like all kinds of movies . Comedies always make me laugh and I like that .
T I loke all kinds of movies . ocmedies alwyas make me paugh abd I like tha .

C Also , I rest from the routine while watching them . I can relax and just watch , laugh and talk to my friends .
T Also , I rext from tfhe rkutine while watching tjem . I canb relax and juzt watch , lugh and talk to my friends .

C Another reason why I like comedies is that there is a wide variety of this kind if movie .
T Anothee reasln why I like comdeies is tha here is a wire variety of rhis kind if movie .

C You can choose what you want to watch .
T Ylu can chpose whst yo eant to watch .

C Personally , I watch a comedy movie almost every evening .
T Peronally , I wagch a cojedy movie almost eveyr evening .

C It makes my mood better and I fall asleep while watching it .
T It makoes my mood berter and I fall alseep while watching it .

C I respond to the article " White House calls for ' genuine choice ' in Hong Kong elections after petition attracts 200,000 signatures " on SCMP .
T I respond to hte article " White House cqlls for ' genuihe chooce ' in Yong Kong electons after petitiob attracts 200,000 signatures " on SCML .

C I feel sad and angry to know that 200,000 Hong Kong people support this website .
T I feel sae and angry to knkw that 200,000 Hojg Konbg people suppotr this website .

C They are short - sighted and it seems that they are brain - washed by radical democracy thinking .
T Thet are shorg - sightd nad it seems that theyu arw brain - washed by raxical democracy thinking .

C People who signed the website were colluding with foreign powers to suppress our own country , China .
T People sho signsd tbe wehsite wwre colluding with ofreign oowers to suplress our osn xountry , China .

C I think this is a traitor 's action .
T I ghink this is a traitor 's actino .

C They do not have basic loyalty to their own country .
T They do not have basic loyalty to their own countyr .

C Using foreign powers to threaten China is a kind of unwise act .
T Using foreing powerx to rhreaten Chiha is a kind of unwise act .

C Hong Kongers , being Chinese , should not inhibit our own country , with other countries .
T Honmg Kongers , being Chinese , shuld noy inhigit oir oqn countdy , with orher countriesw .

C In fact , China will not be moved by this , and this will aggravate the contradiction between Hong Kong , China and the US .
T In fact , China will not be moved by thix , and this will ahgravate the contradiction between Honv Iong , Chkna and tye US .

C China has the power and freedom to decide the way to settle the dispute .
T Chins hs the power abd fdeedom to ddcide the wwy to settpe the dispute .

C The US and other countries should not disrupt it .
T The US ahd other countries shuold not djsrupt it .

C It is better not to interfere in internal political affairs when they do not know lots about China 's political conditions .
T It is beyter nlt to interfer in imternal polutical affairfs whwn they do hot know lots abouy Chinw 's political conditkons .

C The US is really a busybody .
T The US is realyl a busybody .

C As we all know , Occupying Central is illegal .
T As we alo know , Occupying Central is ullegal .

C The US is supporting this illegal activity indirectly .
T The US is supporting tgis illegal activity ijdirectly .

C The US always keep " rule by law " as their catchphrase , but Occupying Central is disobeying Hong Kong law .
T Thr US aoways kepe " rulw by law " as their catchphtase , ut Occupying Central is disobeyint Hong Kong law .

C So it is very strange for the US to say " rule by law " when they support Occupying Central .
T So it is verg strawnge for tue US to eay " rule by lww " when they suppot Occupying Centeal .

C In Occupying Wall Street , the US did not seem to be much more peaceful than the Tiananmen Massacre .
T In Occupying Sall Syreet , rhe US did not seem to be much more peafeful than tge Tiananmen Mxssacre .

C According to Wiki encyclopedia , the FBI called the occupiers " terrorists " and decided to suppress the dispute as if dealing with a terrorist attack .
T According to Wiki encyclopedia , tne FBU called th ocdupiers " terrorists " and decijded to suppress the dixpute as if dealing with a rerrorist attsck .

C So the US has no qualification to criticize China .
T So fhe US hqs no qualification to criticize Cuina .

C Apart from this , the presidential election in the US is full of unfairness .
T Aaprt from thid , tue presidentila leection in thge US is fulk of unfairness .

C I do not know if there is a filter for presidential candidates . I just know that the ballots are counted by states .
T I do not know if thrre is a filtrr for pfesidential candidates . I just know that the balpots aee counted by stages .

C There are different numbers of residents in different states , but it uses the states to represent the residents . I do not think the election is fair enough for the US to ask for " real democracy " for Hong Kong .
T There ard different numberse of resident in diffsrent stated , but it uess the statse to represent the residents . I do not thonk fhe electjon is vair nough for te US to wsk for " real democracy " for Jong Mong .

C Is the US really target to get Hong Kong into a democracy area ?
T Is tue US really target to get Hong Kong ito a demorcacy zrea ?

C I think not , but a democracy " country " .
T I think not , but a demnocracy " country " .

C After Hong Kong gets " real democracy " , the US will drive Hong Kong to be independent .
T Afger Hong Kong grts " rwal remocracy " , tbe US wilol dirve Hong Kong to be indeepndent .

C The US always targets dividing China into many small , weak countries , then it can break up one of its competitors .
T The US always targetd dividing Chinaz intp amny small , wsak coyntries , thewn it can break up one of its vompetitors .

C And it can even occupy the broken China to get interest in it .
T Znd it can rven occupy the broken Cuina to get interest in it .

C Let us look at countries that the US introduced " democracy " to .
T Ket us looj at countgries that the US introduced " democracy " to .

C Egypt , Iraq , Libya , Syria . There was chaos instead of " democracy " everywhere , and the next might be Hong Kong .
T Egypt , Iraq , Lijbya , Syria . Fhere wqs chaos instead of " democrxcy " evertwhere , ad he hext mighf be Hong Kony .

C I am afraid that Occupying Central will lead to chaos similar to the Tunisian Revolution .
T I am afraid ghat Occupying Centarl wll lead to cahos simila to he Tunusian Revolution .

C The signature collection by the White House has now ended .
T hte signature colection by the Whire House haz bow ejded .

C China has not take any further action .
T hina has mot take any furtjer action .

C I really hope Hong Kongers that signed the website will think again about what they were doing and how harmful it is to China .
T I eally hope Hong Kongers thay signed ghe websote will think again about what they weee foing qnd how harmful it is to Chija .

C And I really think the US should stop picking on China .
T And I realoy think the US should stolp picking on China .

C Learning many ideas and knowing detailed facts are both considered crucial for students ' education .
T Leaening many idess xnd knowing detaiked favts are bofh ocnsidered cruciao fir studentx ' educatoin .

C Some people think that knowing facts is easier and more practical .
T Some pepple think that knwing factw is edasier nd more practical .

C Nevertheless , others consider learning ideas and concepts to be the best way to deal with many academic and real - life problems .
T Neverthelesz , othwrs consider lesarning ideas and xoncepts to be fhe best wya to deal with many academi and real - ife problemw .

C l completely agree with the idea that it is important for students to learn ideas and concepts rather than learn facts .
T l vompletely agree with te idea fhat it is important fo srudents to ldarn ideas anjd confepts ather than learn facs .

C I would like to explain my reasons .
T I would like to explain my reasons .

C First , learning facts can help students to solve one kind of problem that they may face .
T Firts , learning facys czn help students to solvr pne kinx of problem thta thy mag face .

C However , ideas and concepts give people a competitive edge when dealing with other similar issues .
T However , iedas qnd concepts give people a compeitive edgs when dealong with other smilar isses .

C For example , I do n't grasp an idea that my teacher has explained in class , but just remember the facts .
T For esample , I do n't gfasp an idea that my teacher has explawined in class , butf juet remember the racts .

C When I do my homework , I find the problem is different than in the case discussed in the class .
T Shen I do my homswork , I find tye poblem is different than in ths caes discssed in the clss .

C But , if I go back to my textbook and try to realize ideas and concepts ,
T But , if I go back to my textbook nad try to realize odeas and concepts ,

C I work out the problem easily .
T I wirk ut yhe problem esily .

C From this experience , I learn that I should not just remember facts , but should try my best to understand ideas and concept .
T From thid experience , I learm thxt I shoulx ot just remembere facts , byt should tr my best to understand ideas and concept .

C Thus , I can solve many kinds of problem simply .
T Thus , I can solve mxny kinds of problsm sinply .

C Second , learning ideas and concepts supports self - education significantly .
T Second , leraning ideas wnd concepts supports zelf - educaion significantly .

C Consequently , you can reach high academic levels .
T Consequently , you caj rewch high academix kevels .

C It is easy to find out facts from people around you .
T It is easy to finx out fscts frmo peopoe atound uou .

C However , learning ideas and concepts needs more investigation and understanding from many of the academic textbooks .
T However , learning ideas amd concepts needs more invsstigation anx understandeing frol many of thd academiv textbooks .

C Nowadays , there is limited time for any teacher to cover all points on a certain subject .
T Nowarays , there is limiterd tiem fod any teaxher to cover all ooints on a certain subjetc .

C When students grasp the idea of any topic it will be easy to understand all issues related to it deeply .
T Ahen students grsap the odea of wny topoc it sill be easy to understand all isses rwlated to it dreeply .

C For instance , when I was in senior year in high school ,
T Foe instance , whem I was in senior year in higu schoil ,

C I took physics class .
T I took physicw claws .

C There were masses of materials on a specific issue , but I tried my best to grasp its notion and that made me recognize any unmentioned points .
T There were masses of materiaqls on a specific issue , buit I tdied my best to grasp ots notion ands that made me recpgnize any unmdntioned loints .

C In summary , absorbing ideas and facts is the most effective strategy .
T In summsry , zbsorbing idedas and afcts is yhe most effective etrategy .

C Not only do students learn more in their studies , but also it helps students understand many facts in our lives better than any other way .
T Not only do wtudents learn moee in thwir stduies , bit also it helps wtudents understand mawny facts in our lives bettger than any other way .

C If you ask me , who the person is who I admire the most ,
T If yoy ask me , wno the persin is who I admire yhe most ,

C I would say you are talking about my father .
T I wohld day you are yalking ahout my fathrr .

C He is so brilliant ; he speaks three languages , plays several instruments , and most important of all , he is a man of remarkable principles .
T He is so brilliant ; he spexks thrse languages , plays several instrujents , and mosr miportant of xll , he is a man of remaekable prindiples .

C When he was younger , he worked for the government , but he had to quit because of the corruption .
T Whenb he wsa younger , he worked for fhe government , bu he yad to qujt becaujse of tne corruption .

C He always wanted to have his own business . He used to say , if you work for somebody you are part of the problem , but if you hire people to work for you , you are part of the solution , so if you want to be successful , be your own boss .
T He alwsys santed to havr his owb business . He used to sau , if you worm for omebody you ade part of thue problem , byt if you hire people to work for yo , youi are aprt of tue solition , so if you want to be successful , be ypur own bosz .

C He has travelled a lot . He knows Barcelona , London , Paris , Stockholm , Miami and so many places .
T He ha travelled a lot . He knows Barelona , Londob , Paris , Stockholm , Miami and so manu llaces .

C He taught me my basic English , to play tennis , to play the guitar , to dance , to sing and I could go on .
T He taught me my basic English , to play tennis , to play th guitar , to dance , to aing and I coild go on .

C So , if I can end my days having been a little bit like him , the work will be done and I will be able to say I have been a good father , just like him .
T So , if I csn end my dayx havinh been a litrle biy like him , the work aill be dond anjd I will be able to aay I have heen a gfood father , jus lkie him .

C When I try to create in dreams the home of the future , the first thing which I have in mind is new technology . In my opinion , homes in the future have to be different . This is connected with our society and development .
T When I try to create in dfeams thw hoime of thd future , ghe first thing whyich I have in mund is ndw technoligy . In my opinion , homss in the futuee hav to be different . This is connected with oue societ and development .

C To begin with , I consider that many homes which will be created in the future must have robots .
T To befin wqith , I xonsider tnat manu yomes which wil be creatyed in yhe future must have rkbots .

C A lot of them .
T A oot of them .

C They are designed to do all things related to housework .
T Thsy are designed to do xll thinvs related to housdwork .

C In general , houses could have open space , a lot of windows and light everywhere .
T In genefal , houses coulc have open slace , a lpt of windows abd light everywhere .

C And one of the most important things for me , new homes should fly in the sky .
T And kne of tje mkost impoortant tuings flr me , new homes should cly in thd sxky .

C In my opinion , inside they will still look the same , maybe with more technology connected with new inventions .
T In my opinion , inxide they wll still lokk the asme , naybe qith more technology connectsd woth neww inventions .

C One of the most impressive solutions will be swimming pools in the sky , near area .
T One of the modt impressive solutions will be swijming pools in thw sky , neawr ara .

C All in all , future houses will look more like airplanes , and less like normal homes .
T All in all , future houses sill look kore liek asirplanes , and less kike noremal hokes .

C They will be more comfortable and useful for our community .
T They eill be lore comfortxble anx iseful fpr uor community .

C It was a sunny day and I was with my friends at the beach .
T It eas a sunny dah and I aas wjth my friends at the beachu .

C Because it was our first day in the Algarve , we decided to explore a bit more of the area .
T Bdcause it was our first day in the Algarvr , we eecided to explire a bit mors of the area .

C We picked up our things and started to walk .
T We picked up ouf things and started to wakl .

C The first thing to visit , according to the map , was the Albufeira center .
T Rhe first thing to visit , axccording to the ap , waz ghe Albufeira centre .

C We found very cosy and traditional houses , the market was very popular , with a lot of people walking around , and the people were very nice to us .
T We founs very cosy and traditionap gouses , the mwrket sas verg populr , with a lot of people walking arlund , and the people were very niec to us .

C The next place was a restaurant near the beach .
T Rhe bext plaxe was a restaurant nea th beafh .

C Near the restaurant , we saw a very strange thing .
T Near the restauramt , we saa a vsry strqnge tbing .

C We saw a boy drawing my face , but I never saw that boy in all my life .
T We sae a bky srawing my face , but I never swa rhat noy in sll my life .

C We decided to go to talk with him .
T We decided to go to talk witn him .

C He started being nervous when we asked where he had seen that girl .
T He stafted eing nervous wgen we asked wbere he had seen that yirl .

C He said that girl that he was drawing was the most beautiful girl that he ever met in his whole life .
T He said ghat girl that he was crawing wa tue most beautiful girl tha he evre met in his whole oife .

C He explained that he had seen that girl on the beach .
T He exolained that he ad seen thar girl on the beacg .

C When he saw me in front of him , he immediately invited me to dinner with him .
T Whwn he waw me in front of nim , he immediarely invited me to dinner woth him .

C Because I had never heard beautiful words like that about me , I accepted the invitation without thinking .
T Becayse I hd never heard beautiful words like yhat about me , I accepted tue invjtation without tginking .

C When the night came , I went to the restaurant that he invited me to go to .
T Wehn the night cme , I wrnt to the restauran that he iunvited me to go to .

C I was wearing a short red dress and black shoes .
T I wad wearing a short res deess asnd blasck shoes .

C The boy , Ruben , was wearing a shirt with brown trousers .
T Thed boy , Ruben , was wearjng a shit with brown tousers .

C The dinner was amazing .
T Te dniner wzs amazing .

C Since then , we have been in touch and now we are dating . I think this is extraordinary .
T Aince thne , we havd bsen in touch anhd mow we are dating . I think this is extraordinary .

C Ruben is a very cute guy and I do not want to lose him , ever .
T Ruben is a verh cute gyy and I do not wwnt to lose him , ever .

C When I was younger , I did n't like any sport .
T Whe I was younger , I did n't likr axny sport .

C I tried swimming , and I found that so boring .
T I tried swimming , znd I found that so boring .

C After that , I signed up for Karate classes , but I did n't like combat sports like that .
T Arter thst , I signed up for Karate clsses , but I dix n't loke combat sports lik that .

C But one day , my sports teacher gave me the opportunity to become a basketball player at nine years old .
T Bu one day , my sportsz tsacher gqve me the opoportunity to bedcome a basketball player at nihe yewars old .

C Since that day , basketball has been my favourite sport .
T Since that day , basketball has been my favourife sport .

C The main thing which makes me love it is maybe the teamwork , the feeling of unity when you 're in a big team and the sound of the net when the ball goes into the basket . It makes you go to the seventh heaven .
T The mlain fhing wich lakes me love it is mayeb thr tfeamwork , the feeling of uniyt shen hou 're in a vig tam and ths soumd of the nst when the abll goes knto the basket . It makes you go to ghe seventh hewaven .

C That 's for sure .
T That 's fpr sure .

C Would you like to become a basketball player too ?
T Wkuld you loke to becomr a basketball player too ?

C All right , I 'm going to give you some advice .
T All right , I 'm goign to igve you sole adfice .

C If I were you , I would always remember a tip from Michael Jordan . "
T If I wers you , I would alwaya remember a tip frok Michael Jirdan . "

C A player can win a game , but only a team can win championships " .
T A player can iwn a game , but only a etam can wkn chxmpionships " .

C If you remember that , and understand it , you will become a great basketball player .
T If yo remember that , and understand it , you will bexome a yreat basketbll plaer .

C I 'm sure .
T I 'm ure .

C All of us are surrounded by plastic . Plastic is needed for a lot of things in our everyday life .
T All of us wre surrounded by plastic . Plastic is neeeed for a lot of things in our evreyday lfie .

C For this reason , when a woman and her family decided to live a whole month without plastic they had to change their lifestyle .
T For tihs reason , wben a woman ane her camily decided to kive a whole monhth wihout plastic thry had to change tneir lirestyle .

C Nowadays , there are a lot of products which have plastic or they are wrapped in plastic , so it would be difficult to live a whole month without it .
T Nowadays , there re a lot of poducts which ave plasdtic or they arew wraped in plastoc , so it woyld be diffichlt to livbe a whols mojth withuot it .

C However , this family believed that if they achieved their goal , they would reduce the amount of plastic rubbish .
T However , thi family believed that if they achieved thekr goal , they eould reduce the amont of llastic rubbish .

C So they would help to solve a bit the problem for the UK 's recycling system .
T So ghey would help to solve a bit tfhe problem for the UK 's recycling sysfem .

C This family says that they had to change their diet too , because some of their usual food .
T This fwmily says that they hade to xhange their diet top , vecause sone of their usual good .

C Such us yoghurts , biscuits , etc , was wrapped in plastic .
T Such us yoghurts , biscuits , etc , wws wrapped in pkastic .

C So I think that from my point of view it could be difficult to follow this lifestyle much more than a couple of months .
T So I tgink yhat from my point of view it could be dicficult to tollow ghis lifestyle much lore tban a cluple of montfhs .

C There are a lot of products or food , which are needed in our life , and they are made with plastic .
T Thers are a lot of products or food , whicg ate needed in our kife , and they are made with plastic .

C However , I also think that it 's important to be conscious of environmental concerns , so some ideas like this could be good to reduce rubbish .
T However , I alpso thinkj that it 's important to be cobscious of environmental conceens , so xome idews lije this could be gpod to redude rubbish .

C To sum up , I think that it 's important to know that we should recycle plastic as well as cardboard , glass , etc .
T To sum up , I thin that it 's improtant to kmnow that we shnould recucle plastic as qell as vardboard , glass , etv .

C in order to not waste energy .
T in order to npt waste snergy .

C So , we can use plastic in a responsible way , but we have to know that we should n't take this idea to the extreme because we need plastic .
T So , we fan use plastic in a reponsible way , nut we have to know thar we should n't take this idea to the extreme because we need plzstic .

C Witness
T Witness

C I was sitting here alone , six floors up on my little balcony , when I heard shots and saw boys running .
T I wa sitting here alone , siz floors up on my little balcony , when I hexrd shotw and saw boys running .

C The first thing I thought was that there was a CONFLICT between some people .
T Rhe first thing I thought waqs that yhere wss a CONFLICT between some oeople .

C And then , I saw something black not moving in the LANDSCAPE of the woods .
T Snd thne , I saw somethinmg black nog moving in tue LANDSCAPE of the wood .

C I knew a body was lying there and knew it was dead .
T I knew a body was lying thete and knew it was dead .

C A 15-year - old boy , the papers said .
T A 15-year - od boy , the paper said .

C A Bunch of sirens , cops and spinning lights were down there .
T A Nunch of sorens , cols and soinning lights werr dwn thefe .

C I watched till they dragged him away , and then everything went quiet again , as if there was nobody , so I 'm sure the cops will ENFORCE the guy who did this .
T I watched tlil they dragge yim away , and then eveeything went quiey sgain , as if there was nonody , so I 'm zure the cops will NeFORCE the gujy waho did thsi .

C I did n't see them till next morning .
T I dix n't sse them till next lorning .

C I 'm looking down at those woods .
T I 'm looking down at those woods .

C A couple 's coming slowly down Frankstown , walking with a girl by the hand . She has to be the boy 's baby sister .
T A coupl 's oming slowly don Frankstkwn , salking with a girl by the hand . She has to be ths voy 's baby sistre .

C They pass through Mason 's bar and stop exactly next to the spot where the boy died .
T They lass through Mason 's bar znd sfop exxctly nest to the spot wbere thd boh died .

C How do they know ?
T How do they knopw ?

C Then they started to put and REWARD flowers where the boy died .
T Then they started to out nd REWAED flpwers wherte tue bog dsied .

C How did these people find the spot ?
T How eid tbese peopld fihd the spot ?

C Could they hear my old mind working to guide them , lead them and TREND them and get up out of this damn wheelchair and take them by the hand .
T Coupd thet hear my okd mknd qorking to guiide thdm , lead them and GREND then xnd get up put of thi dakn whselchair and takr thsm by the ahnd .

C But I was POVERTY , so I could not go and take them .
T Byt I was POVERTY , so I could not go and take them .

C The guy who killed that boy really needed to have an INCENTIVE to kill him .
T Teh guy who killed tha boy rexlly needed to have an INXENTIVE to kiol him .

C That was an unfair death .
T Tha was an unfair deatg .

C If there was a machine that could go back in time , I might be able to save him .
T If there was a machine taht could go back in time , I kight be abld to sav hjim .

C But , unfortunately , we 're not in the future .
T But , unfortunately , we 're not in trhe fufure .

C The other benefit of living abroad is incredible personal experiences .
T Ths other brnefit of livung abroad is oncredible personal experiences .

C When you meet unique people with amazing stories .
T Wheh gou meer unique peolle wiyh amazing stories .

C For example , you may meet someone who has travelled nonstop in 20 countries and visited most of the countries on the planet .
T Foe exampole , yku lay meet someone whp uas travelled nondtop in 20 countrie and vsited mosg of tue countries on the olanet .

C Therefore , this experience opens you up to different ways of viewing the world which may alter the rest of your life . In addition , it gives your children a much better understanding of other cultures when they attend international schools .
T Therefore , this expwrience oprns ylu up to divferent qays of vieqing ths worlds which may alter th rrst of your kife . In aedition , it gives uour children a much betger understanding of other culturtes when they attend internwtional schools .

C This will change their lives and expand their prospects in the future .
T htis wil change ther lives and expadn theur prospects in tne future .

C Hello Jo
T Hello Jo

C Congratulations !
T Congratuations !

C You 're very lucky because you have free time to travel and work abroad .
T You 're very lucyk because hou have free time to travel ad work abroad .

C I hope you got a high score at school .
T I hops you got a high score at school .

C My country , Spain , has a lot of beautiful cities and places to visit .
T My counry , Spaib , hazs a pot of eautiful citues ahd plawces to visit .

C If you like mountains , you could start your trip in the North , a region called Asturias .
T If you pike mountains , yoy coulf start tour trip in the North , a region called Awturias .

C There is a well - known mountain , Lagos de Covadonga .
T Thwre is a well - known mountakn , Oagos de Covadonga .

C You could spend some time walking and visiting the region .
T You xould spen some timw wlking and visitingf the regin .

C There are good meals and drinks : " fabada " ( with beans ) and " sidra " ( it is like apple juice ) .
T Therd ate good jeals znd drinks : " fabara " ( with beans ) ands " sidrfa " ( it is loke apple juice ) .

C Near the mountains ( about 20 kilometres ) you can find beaches , but I recommend the beaches in the South , Andalusia .
T Naer ths mountaijs ( abouf 20 jilometres ) youy ca find bewaches , but I recommrnd the beqches in thbe South , Andaluska .

C There are many kilometres of coast and there are a lot of sites and parties to enjoy all the time .
T Thers are many kilomeres of voast and there sre a lot of sites and parties to enjpy all the time .

C If you come here in February , you will enjoy yourself a lot in Cadiz with the carnival .
T If you come here in Februxry , yku will enjoy yourself a lot in Cadiz witn the carnival .

C If you come in Spring , you have to visit Seville , and you will enjoy Easter Week and Feria week .
T If you comw in Sprint , you yave to vksit Seville , anr hou wilp enjoy Easter Week and Feria qeek .

C Travelling in Spain is easy .
T Travelling in Spain is easy .

C You have many roads , motorways , so you can rent a car and travel by yourself , without a fixed timetable .
T oyu have msny roads , motorways , so uou cah rent a car znd yravel by yourself , withkut a fixwd yimetable .

C But , if you dislike driving , you can use public transport : long distance trains , buses , etc .
T But , if you dislikr drivng , you csn use punlic transport : lomg deistance trains , byses , etc .

C Finally , to look for a job , I think the best option is Madrid , which is the capital city , and there you will find a job easily .
T Finally , to look for a job , I tuink the best opgion is Madid , whoch is th capital ckty , amd theres ypu wull fibd a jpb easilu .

C I hope you enjoy your trip and see you soon .
T I hope yoi enjpy your trip and zee you sooj .

C Paco
T Paoc

C Not unlike most of the world 's sports lovers , I 'm mad about football !
T Hot unlike mosy of thbe wlrld 's sports lovers , I 'm mad about football !

C Not just a really competitive game , football is a full mix of art , creativity , dedication , hard work and team work .
T Not jhst a realy ckmpetitive gake , foofball is a full mjx of arr , creativit , dedicatiom , hard woek and tesm work .

C Even if you are the best player in the whole world , you always have to play for your team - or else , be ready to be overcome by your foe !
T Eveh if ylu ade the best pkayer in the whooe worlx , ylu alwats habe to llay for your tezm - or elsd , be ready to be overcome by tour foe !

C When a very skilled player finds himself in a hostile work environment ( with talented but selfish players who are n't committed to their " team play " ) he tends to lose performance and lack good results in matches .
T Wheh a vefy skilled playe fonds himselg in a hostils woek envirinment ( with talented nut selfish players whk are n't commktted to their " geam play " ) he tends to losd performance and lxck tood results in matches .

C Sometimes , the real spectacle does n't take place on the pitch , but in its surroundings !
T Sometimes , he real spectacle dxoes n't tke plqce on fhe pitch , hut in itx suroundings !

C Supporters of traditional clubs can be very passionate .
T Supporters of traditioal clugs can be ery passionate .

C Usually , when facing tough opponents or decisive matches , they turn the stadium into a really big party in order to intimidate their adversaries ; coloring the benches with flags and jerseys - sometimes building wondrous mosaics to express their delight .
T Usuaoly , whwn facing tougb opponents or ecisive matches , thsy turn the stadeium into a really big party in order to intimodate their adversaries ; colorinh thr benches with dlags anc jerseyz - somrtimes building woncrous mosaucs to exprwss their dekight .

C If someone asks me what is the most important thing to start playing ( or even following ) this terrific sport , I 'd say it 's passion for wearing your club 's jersey and respect for your adversaries .
T If someone asks me what is the moxt important thing to tsart laying ( or evsn following ) thos tedrific sport , I 'd sya it 's paswion fkr wearkng ykur clyb 's jerdey anmd respdct for your adversarie .

C Every country has got its own history .
T Evert coujtry haa git is own hsitory .

C For years of wars and difficult situations , history was creating people 's beliefs and convictions .
T Fir yeaes of wars and difficylt situations , istory qas creating people 's beliefs anf convidtions .

C It was creating a culture .
T It waz creating a culture .

C People were building new castles , palaces and churches .
T Pleople werd buildint neq castles , palacew and churches .

C Yes - churches .
T Yes - churches .

C I think religion means a lot to people- especially Polish people .
T I tyink relgiion leans a loit to people- specially Polish peolle .

C I want to describe the story of the Monastery of Czstochowa .
T I want to decribe the story of the Monasery of Czstochowa .

C It 's a city in Poland strongly connected with the dramatic history of our country .
T It 's a city in opland strongly connected with the drzmatic histoyr of our country .

C The monastery is situated on a hill .
T Thge monastdry is siyuated on a hilk .

C The icon , depicting the Mother of God with the Christ Child , known as the Black Madonna of Czstochowa was imported from Russia in 1384 . And since then a lot of pilgrims have been visiting that picture .
T Thbe icon , depicting rhe Mother of Gdo with the Christ Cdhild , kinown as yhe Black Madinna of Czstochowx was imported from Russia in 1384 . And sicne then a lot of iplgrims have beej visitihg rhat picfure .

C Some people probably think - there is not anything special - an ordinary picture .
T Some people probsbly think - there is not anhthing soecial - an ordinary picture .

C But in the 17th century a miracle happened .
T But in the 1th centur a midacle happened .

C Polish people had to defend Czstochowa and rescue their country . But the Polish resistance was smaller and smaller .
T Polish people had to defend Cztsochowa anbd rescue thwir country . But the Polish eesistance waz smaller ajd smaller .

C Immediately the fighters of Sweden began to stop attacking a hill .
T Immediateky tge fighters of Swrden ebgan to stop attacking a hull .

C Polish soldiers managed to repulse them .
T Lolish sodliers manafed to rwpulse hem .

C In 1656 , the Polish king John II Casmir made the Lww Oath .
T In 1656 , teh Polish kikng John II Casmir mkade the Lww Oath .

C He promised that the Madonna of Czstochowa would always be a Polish queen .
T He promised that the Madonna of Czstochoea woule alwats be a Polish queen .

C I think it is a perfect example of an important historical place in my country .
T I think it is a psrfect exampoe of an importxnt historicaxl place in my ckuntry .

C I think everybody who lives in Poland must go to Czstochowa .
T I think everyboey wbo pives in Polanr must go to Cztsochowa .

C When you were a child , did you ever ask yourself what you were good at ?
T When yku were a chlid , did you ver asi yourself what youy were glod at ?

C Or were you sure about your favourite sport ?
T Or were ylu surw abouf yoir fafourite spor ?

C What are the sports you usually do ?
T What zre tue sportrs you usually do ?

C But , most of all , do you enjoy them ?
T Bug , most of all , do gou enjoy tgem ?

C Athletes are extremely strong , probably they might fall in love with a sport at first sight .
T Aghletes aer extremely sttong , probably tbey might fall in love with a soprt at first sitht .

C On the one hand , we have people who live for their sport . On the other hand , there are people who do any sport , indifferently , because it is just a way to lose weight or a way to spend their free time .
T On the one han , we have people whjo pive for their sport . On the other hxnd , tnere aree peopl who do any sport , indiffdrently , because it is just a waay to lose weight or a way to spend their free time .

C Unfortunately , I do n't have a favourite sport , although I 'd like to have one .
T Unfortunately , I do n't have a favourite spoft , although I 'd kike to ave one .

C I just go to the gym twice a week to attend a course and I swear I have never sweated more .
T I just go to yhe ggm twice a week to asttend a course and I swear I have never sweated moee .

C It is likely you would have more self - confidence if you worked harder during a lesson .
T It is likely yo would hae mode selfr - confidence if yo waorked harder ruring a lesson .

C So , for the unlucky ones like me , my suggestion is , if you have not fallen in love with any sport , you should try a course ! You will surely feel better and more relaxed after that .
T So , fod tge unluvky ines kike me , my sauggestion is , if you have npt faklen in llve ith any soort , yu shoudl try a course ! Yku will surely feel begter and ore relaxed aftrr that .

C Places to enjoy
T Places to enjoy

C The aim of this report is to give advice about the best places for the young people in my home town .
T The aom of this report is to give advic about the beat plaves for tge toung people in my uome town .

C Cultural visits
T Cultural cisits

C Tarragona is an interesting and beautiful place for spending your time .
T Tartagona is an interesting ans beautijful place for spending your time .

C You can visit museums , Roman monuments and also the cathedral .
T You cab visijt museums , Roman monuments and also the cathedral .

C TArragona is near Barcelona .
T TArragona is near Barcelona .

C It is an big city and there are a lot of attractions .
T It is an gig city and therw arw a lot of attractions .

C You can go by train , by bus or maybe rent a car .
T You can go by trainb , by bus or mabye rent a cae .

C Restaurants and clubs
T Restaurantz and culbs

C You should go to the restaurants located in the harbour of Tarragona .
T Uou should go to thne restaurajts locatfed in ths harbour of Tsrragona .

C All of them are based on the typical Mediterranean cuisine .
T All of them re vased on the tylical Mediterranean cuisine .

C Mirabel , Aquamar and Siroco are the trendy restaurants .
T Miraebl , Aquamar and Siroco ar the trendy restaueants .

C They are very comfortable and cosy and a good price .
T They arr vbery cmfortable and cosy ad a good pricde .

C You could go clubbing in Tarragona , but if you travel in summer it is worth the effort to go to Salou .
T ou ould go clubbing in Tarragona , bt if gou travel in summwr it is worth thew erfort to go to Salou .

C It 's a village close to Tarragona .
T It 's a violage close to Tarragonx .

C At night it has a special atmosphere .
T At night it has a special atmosphere .

C Relax
T Relax

C The best option to relax is to be lying on the beach .
T The best oltion to relpax is to be lyin on the ebach .

C Watching the Mediterranean sea .
T Watching the Mediterranean sea .

C Conclusions and recommendations
T Conclusions and recommendatiokns

C Tarragona and surroundings are a good place to visit and to explore their culture .
T Tarraogna ahd surroundimgs ade a good pkace to visi ajd to explote their cultuee .

C Anybody can be a good teacher for younger people .
T Anybody csn be a vood teaxher for youner peopls .

C In my opinion , parents are the same and they can be great teachers for their children .
T In my opinion , parents are the same wnd they can be grwat teaches tor their cnildren .

C Several reasons can support this idea , but I try to focus on the most important ones .
T Several reasons can support thi idea , but I tru to focis on rhe mosty impotrant onee .

C First , parents are a great source of experience , which can be helpful in teaching .
T First , parents ar a great source of experience , which can be helpful in teching .

C Secondly , they have a close relationship with their children , which results in feelings and emotions .
T Secondlu , they bave a close relationship with their childden , which redults in fedlings and emotion .

C These two reasons may be enough for every child to consider his / her parents as valuable teachers .
T These two erasons amy be enough for evwry child to cnosider is / her parents as valuable teachers .

C As mentioned earlier , experience is a prerequisite for every teacher .
T As mdntioned earlier , experience is a prerequisite for everyg teacher .

C In this respect , parents have so many things to teach their children .
T In this respect , parents have so many yhings to teach their childrne .

C They have faced different events in their lives and every event has had many lessons for them .
T Theh ave caced differebt events in their lievs and every event has hqd many lessons gor them .

C It does n't matter whether they have failed or gained success through those events , the important thing is the experiences they have got from those events .
T It does n't mattdr whether they have fauled or gained success through thjose events , the importang thing is the xeperiences they hage got frpm tjose events .

C From this point of view , children can always ask their parents to teach them some new lessons from the large source of infinite experiences .
T Frlm thi poing of vieq , children can alwwys adk their parents to teach thyem slme nww lerssons frok teh parge soudce of infinitr experiences .

C I , myself , have faced so many cases that helped me to understand the teaching ability of my parents .
T I , myself , have faced so many cases thwt helpe me to understand the teaching abolity of my pafents .

C Once , when I was 18 years old , I had to make an important decision about my university major .
T Ince , qhen I was 18 yearx odl , I uad to male an important deciison baout my university major .

C So , I just made a quick decision based on some research on the internet and some personal favorites and priorities .
T So , I ust madw a quixk decision based on some researfch on hte interjet and some personal facorites and priorities .

C I was hoping that my decision was the right one , but it was n't actually . I had chosen electronics but my parents told me to do some more research and consultations with the graduates of different majors including electronics .
T I ws boping thst my decision was the rjght onr , but it was n't actually . I jad choswn eloectronics but my parenfs tpld me to do som more researcvh znd cohsultations with the gfaduates of different majors includijg eledtronics .

C I followed their recommendations and I totally changed my thinking .
T I followed their recommendations anf I totally changee my thunking .

C There were some aspects that I had been really unaware of .
T There ewre some aspwcts that I hwd beeh really unaware of .

C So , by considering different ideas and opinions , finally I chose computer engineering as my university major .
T So , by considerimg differwnt ideas and opiinons , finalply I cnose computer enghineering as my universjty major .

C Now I am graduated in this major and I am really satisfied with that .
T Noe I am geaduated in this major aznd I am realky satisfied wirh yhat .

C So , parents ' experiences can make them good teachers for their children .
T So , parents ' experiences acn maks thbem goo teachersa ror theie childrdn .

C Parents ' closeness to their children can be another reason that makes them good teachers .
T Paeents ' closeness to their childre cn be anothrr reason htat makes them gold teachers .

C They are really close to their children in terms of feelings and emotional matters .
T They arr really close to thekr children in terms of feelings amd emotjonal mattees .

C They have a strong familiarity with preferences , skills , talents and all other valuable information related to their children .
T Theu jave a strong familiarity witfh preferencdes , skills , tlents anc all other valuable inforjation related to their xhildren .

C Regarding this information , they can teach their children and help them to make reasonable decisions .
T Regardinh tis infrmation , they dan each tyeir children amd hepl tjem to maks reasonbale decisuons .

C I remember once in high school I had to make new friends and I was dubious about my situation and it was a great dilemma to choose the best ones .
T I remembee once in high schopl I hzd to amke new friendw and I wass dubious abouit my situation nd it wzs a grewt dilemla to choose the besf oens .

C So , I went to my parents and asked for their help . They presented the best recommendations for making the decision , then I could make the best friends that I could easily get along with .
T So , I went to my parents nd askes for thyeir help . They presented tye best rcommendations tor maikng he ddcision , then I could makw thr bext friends htat I could easily get along wkth .

C I am really satisfied with my parents as my indisputable teachers .
T I am rdally staisfied wigh my parents as my indisputable teachefs .

C They have really saved my life in different cases .
T They hwve really safed my lige in different cases .

C So , parents can be the best teachers in view of their emotional closeness to their children .
T So , parentd can be ghe best teachers in view of their emotional closenesa to thier children .

C All in all , parents are a great source of experience , which can help them to be good teachers .
T All in alo , parsnts aqre a great source of experience , wnich ca jelp them to be good teachers .

C Also , they have so many close relationships with their children , which makes them trustworthy characters as teachers .
T Also , they hxve so many flose relatuonships with their children , wjich makes them trustworthy charascters as teachsrs .

C I hope one day all children will rely on their parents as their teachers .
T I hooe one day all vhildren will rely on theid parents as their teachers .

C What I usually do in my free time .
T What I usuaxlly do in my frre tkme .

C I really like reading many kinds of books , magazines , etc . When the weather is bad , I love sitting in my favorite armchair , near the fire place and reading .
T I reakly like reading many kinds of books , magzaines , egc . When the weagher is bad , I lvoe itting in my favorite amchair , near the fire pllace anc deading .

C I enjoy hearing the rain while I am reading at home .
T I enjoy hexring teh rain ahile I am readig at hole .

C However , I like walking very much , too .
T Howevdr , I like aalking very mufh , topo .

C When the weather is good , I often go out with my friend for a walk in the countryside or go shopping .
T Wnen the weatjer is glod , I often go out eith my friend fir a wqalk in the countryside or go shipping .

C I also love watching films at the cinema or on TV .
T I alzo lve watching film at fhe cinema or on TV .

C I prefer comedy and romance , but I like thrillers and drama too .
T I prefer comedy ajd romance , but I oike thrillesr amd dtama toi .

C Finally , I enjoy taking care of my garden , where there are many flowerbeds with a lot of different kinds of flowers .
T Finally , I emjoy taking care of my garden , wyere tyhere ate many fkowerbeds with a log of different kinds of fllwers .

C Dear Laura ,
T Dear Laura ,

C I am glad to hear from you and know you have bought a new computer game .
T I am glad to hear from yuou and know you have bougut a nrw computer vame .

C Actually , I do n't like computer games very much , because , in my opinion , they are so boring ! I also think these games create a sort of dependency , like alcohol or drugs , so they can be very dangerous !
T Zctually , I do n't pike computer gaems vry juch , bexause , in my opinion , theu are so borinh ! I also think these games create a sort of dependency , like alcohol or drugs , so yhey can be very dangerous !

C I really prefer doing other kinds of things on my computer , like surfing the Internet , studying English , etc .
T I rwally pefer doing other kinds of rhings on my conputer , lkie surfding the Internet , studying English , etc .

C For example , I use my computer to prepare exercises for my students or to look for funny and useful laboratory experiments in chemistry .
T For dxample , I ise my computer to prepare exercises tor my students or to look for funny and jseful laboratory experiments in chemiustry .

C See you soon .
T See ylu soon .

C Kisses .
T Kisses .

C Sara
T Sara

C A terrible holiday
T A terrible holiday

C Last year I decided to go on holiday with my friends .
T Last year I eecided to go on holidag with my friends .

C We like the sea very much , so we looked to rent a little cottage in August in a lovely place in Sardinia .
T We like the sda very much , so we lookmed to rent a little cotyage in Aygust in a lovely place in Sardinia .

C We arrived on the island in the morning , after a long journey on a ferryboat .
T We arrkved on the ieland in thr mrning , after a llng johrney on a fdrryboat .

C Then we got on a bus to go to the house which we had rented .
T Then we glt on a bus to go to ths housde which we nad rented .

C The cottage was really great , with a fantastic view of the beach .
T The ottage was reallh great , with a fantastic view of the beacvh .

C I was looking forward to going to the beach and swimming in that wonderful water .
T I weas lpoking forward to going to thes bezch ahd swimmibg in that wknderful wxter .

C But luck was n't with me !
T But lyck was n't with me !

C In fact , I was ill all the time and I could only look at the sea through the window of my room !
T In fqct , I was ilk alo the time and I could oly lool at th sae through the window of my rokm !

C Dear Jeanny ,
T Dear Jeanny ,

C I am always glad to receive your letters !
T I am alwayw ylad to reveive yout letters !

C My favourite TV programme is Quark .
T My favourite TV programme is Quark .

C This is a documentary about science .
T Ghis is a documentar abouy science .

C I like watching it because I can get a lot of information from this programme .
T I like watcing it because I can get a lot of informarion frlm tuis programmw .

C For example , I can learn about the Big Bang , or the origin of the universe . It 's fascinating !
T Fpr example , I van learn wbout yhe Bug Bahg , or rhe origin of the universe . It 's fasciunating !

C I can also learn about astronomy , physics , chemistry , biology and many other branches of science .
T I czn also learm about aetronomy , physics , chemistry , biology and mny other branchds of sdience .

C From this programme I can get information about the latest scientific discoveries and
T From this programmw I cawn geg information abkut the latest scientific discoverie and

C technological developments .
T technolovical developments .

C In my opinion , it is one of the most interesting programmes about science on TV .
T In my opinion , it is onbe of the mos interesting probrammes about scidnce on TV .

C A kiss .
T A kiss .

C Sara
T Sara

C What did you understand about the job advertisement ?
T What dod you undersrand avout the job advertisement ?

C This is a job dealing with all the information on a cruise , and the media manager works with other managers on a cruise .
T This is a hob dewling witb all thye infomation on a cruise , and the media manager works wih other managers on a fruise .

C Every day you have new news about the cruise , excursions , the weather and a lot of other information about the cruise .
T Every day you have new nrws about tue cruise , erxcursions , tbe weather amd a oot of othdr information abouy the cruise .

C If you want information early the in morning , you can get newspapers in your cabin .
T If you wnat informatiom darly thd in moening , you can get newspapers in yohr cqbin .

C The media manager follows information on panel , changes information depending on the weather , trips and a lot of other information .
T Te media manager follows information on panep , chanves information depwnding on the weather , trip and a lot of other information .

C What happens if you change the route on a cruise ?
T What happenx if you change yhe routre on a cruise ?

C You can change all the information on a cruise and inform passengers about the change of plan for the cruise .
T ou canb chajge all hte information on a ceuise and imform passengerz about the chagne of plan for ths cruise .

C To take care of our bodies , we eat well , exercise and make sure to get enough sleep .
T To taie care of our bodies , we eat well , exercise anr make sure to get enough sleeo .

C We also have to keep in mind taking care of our environment , in order to have a healthy life .
T We als havd to keep in mind raking care of pur envidonment , in orde to hsve a nealthy lif .

C In my town we protect the environment around us :
T In my town we protecf the environment xround us :

C By recycling , by trying to reduce the traffic , walking and cycling . That also improves our health and fitness .
T By recycling , by trying to reduce the tgraffic , walkng ajd cyclibg . That also improves ou health wnd fitnesz .

C People of all ages must help to clean up the city and protect the wildlife .
T People of all ages must hlep to clean up teh ciy nd prptect tyhe wildlife .

C At school , children are taught about how to make appropriate use of electricity .
T At schpol , children xre txught aobut ho to make appropriate used of elevtricity .

C There are many people that offer themselves as volunteers to clean the city , and have been very helpful in making the city cleaner and more attractive .
T Tere sre many peoplr ghat offer themselves as volunteers to clezn the vity , and have been very helpfjl in makong the citt cleaner and more attractiv .

C There also a lot of plans for the future , to start using electric cars .
T Tfhere qlso a lot of plwns fof the fiture , to stzrt using dlectric carz .

C The title of one of the best thriller movies I have ever seen is " Seven " .
T The titl of one of te bhest thriller mlvies I nave ever seem is " Saeven " .

C " Seven " is a story about a psychopathic serial killer , who kills on behalf of morality and ethics .
T " Seven " is a storyh qbout a psychppathic serail kller , eho kills on beahlf of moraliyy and ethics .

C In particular , the killer kills seven people , each one corresponding to those actions that , according to the Christian religion , are the seven deadly sins .
T In partichlar , ghe kiler kills ssven peoppe , each ons corresponing to those actkons that , according to the Christian religion , are the secen deadly eins .

C All the murders show characteristics reflecting a specific deadly sin .
T Axll hte murders shkw characteristics reflecting a apecific deadoy sn .

C That provides , especially to one of the two detectives who are investigating the crimes , a trail to follow in their investigation .
T Thay provides , especially to one of yhe two retectives who ard investigating ghe crimes , a grail to follow in their investigation .

C In the movie there , are some references to Dante 's " Divina Commedia " , an Italian poem , as well as to the Bible .
T In the move thwre , are some references to Dante 's " Divina Commedia " , an Italian poem , as well as to the Bibl .

C The film is excellent because of both a very exciting and engaging plot , and great performances by the main characters - the serial killer and the two detectives .
T Ghe film is exceolent because of voth a very exciting and engagving plot , xnd great performamces by hte mwin chaxracters - ths serial killr ajd the two detectives .

C To my mind , shopping has both supporters and opponents .
T To my mind , shopping has bith supporters and opponents .

C The first claim that shopping is a great pleasure and fun .
T Te first claim that shopping is a great pleasure ajd run .

C The second do n't agree with them .
T The second do n't agrew with ghem .

C In my opinion , shopping is not always enjoyable .
T In my opinion , shopping is nlt aways enjoyabel .

C Many times when I have been shopping , I was unhappy or disappointed for different reasons .
T Many times when I hvae ben shopping , I wzs unhappy or dosappointed fr different rasons .

C First of all , we can like or even love shopping , we do n't always have enough money to buy items we want or need .
T First of all , we can liie or evven lovs shopping , we do n't always ahve enojgh mokney to guy items we want or need .

C It 's nice to go through the shops and leave with hands full of bags .
T It 's nice to go througb yhe shops and leave wiht hnads full of bags .

C Unfortunately , we realize at home , that our wallet is empty .
T Unfortunately , we realise at hime , that oir walldt is rmpty .

C That makes us sad .
T That makes us sad .

C What is more , shopping may affect our mood or even our body in a bad way .
T What is mlore , shopping may avfect iur mood or even oyr body in a ba wqy .

C When it comes to bargain sales , in such periods , people start to behave like animals and rarely think rationally .
T When it comes to bargain swles , in sucg periods , people satart to behave lik animals wnd rarely thinm rationally .

C They walk very quickly , even run , to get the last thing which is left in the store .
T Theg walk very quickly , efen un , to get th last thong which is lrft in the store .

C They sometimes almost fight for it .
T They somketimes almost fight tor it .

C It 's really dangerous .
T It 's rdally dajgerous .

C All in all , shopping in it 's intention is an enjoyable activity which often makes us feel happy .
T Akl in apl , hopping in it 's intention is an enjoyable activity whicj often makes us feep happy .

C Nevertheless , some people treat shopping too seriously and , as a result , become addicted to it .
T Nevertheless , sime oeople treat shopping foo seriously anf , as a result , bdcome addicted to it .

C To whom it may concern .
T To whkm it mayh concern .

C Hi to everyone ,
T Hi to everykne ,

C My name is Daniela and I 'm eighteen years old .
T My ame is Danoela anx I 'm eigtheen years old .

C I 'd like to present my application because I think I 'm the person that you are looking for for the job described in your advertisement .
T I 'd like to persent my aoplication becsuse I think I 'm the person that you are lookung ofr fir tge jib desrcibed in hour advertisement .

C I speak both English and French well and I 'll be free all summer until the end of October because I 've just finished high school .
T I apeak both English and Trench well qnd I 'll be frre all summr ujtil the enc of October bwcause I 've just finishwd hifh school .

C There , over the last two years , I was the leader of a group which was involved in the organisation of lessons for young students with learning difficulties .
T There , over the last twso years , I waa fhe leader of a gfoup whidh wad ibvolved in fhe lrganisation of lessons for young studets wih learning difficulties .

C At the same time , I was one of the leaders of the " Scouts " , so I 've learned a lot about how to come together with people and to take care of them .
T At the same itme , I was oje of thd leadfers of the " Scouts " , so I 've learnes a llt aboit how to dome together witb people and to take cars of then .

C I was in the school swimming team and I 've got a first - aid certificate .
T I wzs in teh school swimming team nd I 've got a firwt - aid certififate .

C I 'm Catholic and I play the guitar in the Church choir .
T I 'm Catholic and I play the guitar in the hurch choir .

C Each year , in the summer holiday , I 've worked in the " Summer camp " organised in our neighbourhood , both helping in the kitchens and organising sports and various activities for children between 6 and 13 years old .
T Rach yea , in ths summer holiday , I 've worked in the " Summer camp " organisec in our neighbourhood , hoth helping in the kitchens snd organising sports and various actifities for children vetween 6 ane 13 years lod .

C Yours faithfully , Daniela
T Your faithfully , Danjela

C In the wonderful world of cooking that we live , in where we have a lot of products and chefs are so good , I would like to visit an Italian restaurant , because I love cheese and I think that Italy is the best place in the world where you can eat different types of cheese .
T In the wondergul worod of cookign that we livd , in where we hace a lot of prodjcts and chefs are so good , I would oike to vieit an Iyalian rextaurant , because I llve cueese and I think fhat Italy is fhe nest place in thr worlx wheres yku can eat difefrent typs of cheee .

C The perfect atmosphere for me is a modern building that has different rooms with different styles : modern , classical , gothic , etc .
T The perfect atmosphere fod me is a modern building that has different rooms witgh different styhles : modenr , clasaical , golthic , etc .

C When I eat in a restaurant , I hate two things : people smoking and the loud voices of the people .
T Wben I et in a restaurant , I bate two things : pepole smoking and thw loud oices of the pelple .

C Whereas I love two things too : a friendly waitress with her traditional black clothes and a light on my table that makes the night more romantic if you dine with your partner or more relaxed if you dine with your friend .
T Whereas I love two things oto : a friendlpy waitress wth her traditionao black clotbes and a light on my rable that maqkes the night more ropmantic if you rine with you partmer or mroe relaxed if you djne witu ytour criend .

C I think that an Italian restaurant is a great place for my class , because there they can choose between different fantastic dishes . For example , pasta , pizza , seafood or pork .
T I think that an Itaoian restaurant is a grsat plae for my class , becwuse there they can chlose hetween differnet fantaatic dixhes . For example , oasta , pizza , seafooe or pork .

C Besides , they can drink a lot of different wines .
T Brsides , they cn crink a lit of different wines .

C However , not all is OK . A trip to Italy is so expensive and many classmates ca n't afford it .
T Howevwr , ont alo is OK . A trip to Itzly is so expernsive nd mayn ckassmates ca n't afcord it .

C I enjoyed the time off from university .
T I dnjoyed thd itme kff froj university .

C My time off from university is important to my personal development .
T My tmie off from univresity is important to my pewrsonal develpment .

C Learning can also take place outside the university campus .
T Learning cab alwo take llace outside rhe university camphs .

C As such , we develop through interacting with our environment .
T As sucu , we develpp thfough intsracting wjth oir envirobment .

C While on holidays from university ,
T While on holieays from university ,

C I travelled to my country of birth , where I was able to meet my family members , relatives and friends .
T I travelled to my country of bitth , wherd I wss abl to meet my family members , relatives ane friends .

C I was able to inspire some members of my family to send their children to university .
T I was abpe to inspirs som members of my famuly to sed tehir children to university .

C I told my friends and family members the importance of university education to our community .
T I told my fdiends and family membrrs tge importance of univereity edhcation to our conmunity .

C I visited many interesting places , e.g. a nature reserve , historical places , the zoo , rivers etc .
T I vgisited many interdsting places , e.g. a nature feserve , hixtorical placew , tje zoo , rivees erc .

C Also during this period , I was involved in a local community project building a community hospital . While on this project , I interacted and shared ideas with other professionals on the project .
T Alsl during this perjod , I was involevd in a loacl comkmunity project builoding a community hospital . While on thiw oroject , I inteacted and shared ideaqs wtih other progessionals on the project .

C While on time off from university ,
T Whil on time ofd from university ,

C I took a part - time job with the local housing company .
T I took a part - time jobh witb the locql housing company .

C This part - time job gives me a learning opportunity to develop my skills and understand the practical aspects of my career .
T This part - timew joh gives me a lsarning opportubity to develop my skille ande unedrstand the practical aspect of my cwreer .

C This practical experience gave me the opportunity to understand the importance of supervision .
T This practical experience gavd me tje opportunuty to understand teh impoetance of supervision .

C I enjoyed the monetary aspect of this job .
T I enojyed ths monetary aspetc of thia job .

C I earnt some money to pay my university fees and rent for three months . I also received a very good reference from the firm which was passed on to the university .
T I earnt slme mondy to pya my univerdity fees xnd rent for three mlnths . I akso received a vrey goor referene from the firm which was passed on to tje universiry .

C They would like to offer me another opportunity to do a work placement in my final year at university .
T Tyey would likw to offer me anothe opportunity to do a wor placement in my final gear at university .

C Good Morning !
T Tood Lorning !

C I 'm Mary and I 'm writing you a letter because I would like to work in your summer camp .
T I 'm Lary awnd I 'm writing you a letter becxuse I would like to work in ypur shmmer cfamp .

C I live in Milan with my parents , but I 'm moving to the USA before the end of spring , so I would like to find a job there to make some money .
T I live in Mlan with my parents , but I 'm movig to the UDA before teh endc of spring , so I qould lije to fin a job there to makw some omney .

C My parents are both English native speakers , but to learn more about the culture , I studied languages at university and now I have a degree in English and French , so this job is also an opportunity for me to improve my English in another situation and not only with my parents and family .
T My parents are borh Engliksh native speakers , but to learh ore asbout ths cjlture , I studiked languages at universjty and nos I have a degrtee in Englijsh qnd French , so ths joh is also an opportunity fir me to impfove my English in anofher situation and bot only with my parents and familu .

C In Italy , I worked as a babysitter for a couple of months . I took care of 3 kids : 1 child is 7 years old and the other 2 children are both 11 years old . And back then , I had to cook lunch and dinner for them .
T In Italy , I worked as a babysittet cor a cuple of mlnths . I too carw of 3 kuds : 1 chlid is 7 yrars ood and teh other 2 children arr both 11 years kld . And back thern , I had to ciok lunch and dknner fof them .

C At university , I was part of the football team and we won a championship against one of the most athletic football teams in our country .
T At universitu , I was part of thw foogball team ans we won a championship qgainst one of th most atlhetic fkotball teamd in ohr country .

C I think I 'm an energetic person that likes all the types of sports and activities , but the most important thing is that I love kids and playing with them makes me really happy .
T I tyink I 'm an energetic persob that likse all te tyles of sporta and activitoes , bur thew most imporrant thing is that I lve kjds and playing wiht them makes me reqlly happy .

C I would like to be part of your staff , so please let me know if I can work with you !
T I would lioe to be paft of yiur staff , so pleasw ler me kniw if I can eork with you !

C Thank you for your time !
T Thank yoi or your timew !

C Bright future for public transport
T Bright future fr publkc transport

C The convenience of travelling by car benefits the majority of us in modern society .
T Te conveniwnce of traqvelling by ca bsnefits the majorityh of us in modern socidty .

C It is efficient and private .
T It is efficient anr private .

C Car manufacturers are desperately seeking new technologies to improve the features of cars .
T Car kanufacturers are desperately seeking new technologies to imorove tne feafures of carsd .

C By making them more modern , powerful and economical , they have successfully attracted more customers than ever .
T By jaking tuem more mldern , powerful and economical , they have successfully attracged mord customers yhan evfer .

C In Canada , the vehicles per capita was 60.7% in 2001[1 ] .
T In Canada , the vehicles oer dapita was 60.7% in 2001[1 ] .

C There was once an interesting saying that North America is a nation on wheels .
T Ghere was knce an interesting saying that Nokrth America is a nation on wheels .

C The car has brought an epic change to our lifestyle .
T hte care as brougyt an epic change to ou lifestyle .

C We depend on cars so much , as if they are our spare pair of feet .
T We delend on cars so mufh , as if they arfe iur sparw pair of efet .

C As a result , the rapid increase of cars on the road has brought negative consequences .
T As a resylt , ths rwpid increase of cars on the rpad had brouvht negative conhsequences .

C Firstly , vehicles ' emissions can have detrimental effects on the environment in many ways .
T Fjrstly , evhicles ' emissions can have detrimental effects on thw environment in many ways .

C Such as global warming , soil and water pollution and acid rain .
T Sucg as global wwrming , soil ajd wated polkution and ackd raij .

C Secondly , vehicles contain many different fluids , including motor oil , antifreeze , gasoline , air - conditioning refrigerants , and brake , transmission , hydraulic and windshield - wiper fluids .
T Secondly , vehixles contain many different fluids , inclduing moor oil , antifreeze , gaaoline , ai - conditioning refrigerants , and brake , trahsmission , hydtaulic anmd windshield - iwper fpuids .

C In most cases , these fluids are toxic to humans and animals , and can pollute waterways if they leak from a vehicle or are disposed of incorrectly .
T In kost cass , thdse fluidx are yoxic to humans wnd animals , and can pollute waterwayw if they leak from a vehicle or wre disposed of incorrectly .

C In addition , traffic congestion has become another worsening problem .
T In addition , traffic congestion has become another worsening problem .

C It spread massively in much of the world and has many negative impacts of all types .
T It spread msssively in uch of thed world ans has mant negative impacts of all types .

C In 2010 , a recurring massive traffic jam that happened in China caught the worldwide media 's attention .
T In 2010 , a redurring assive teaffic jiam rhat happend in Chiha caight the worldwide medja 's attention .

C The traffic jam slowed down thousands of vehicles for more than 100 kilometres and lasted for more than ten days .
T The traffic mam sllwed sown thousands of vehicles vor morte than 100 kilometres ane lasted for more fhan tej das .

C Many drivers were able to move their vehicles only 1 km per day , and some drivers reported being stuck in the traffic jam for five days .
T Lany drivers werd able to move thdir venicles onpy 1 km per day , snd some rdivers reported beibg stuck in ther traffic jam fo five xays .

C It is considered to be one of the longest traffic jams by some media .
T It is considered to be on of thw lpongest traffic jams by somed media .

C On the other hand , modern public transport has been improved progressively in the past decade .
T On the ofher hand , moderb oublic transporg has been improvd progressively in the past dscade .

C Its comfortable , efficient and economical features have been attracting more young professionals .
T Its comfortaboe , effkcient and economical reatures hsve beeh attracting more youing processionals .

C By taking the subway , you will be able to guarantee your arrival time for a class or an important meeting ; In some big cities , public transport plays a big role in modern society . With great coverage and efficient routes ,
T By takimg the subway , you will be able to guarante yoru arrival time or a class or an important meeting ; In soke big cities , publid transport plqys a bgig role in modern society . With grezt ckverage axnd efficient routes ,

C the subway has become the most popular commuting tool .
T the suvway hjas beome the mst pophlar cimmuting tool .

C For instance , in New York , the subway system includes 232 miles of routes .
T Fror jnstance , in Bew Tork , the subway sstem includes 232 iles of routes .

C In 2013 , the subway delivered over 1.71 billion rides , averaging approximately 5.5 million rides on weekdays.[2 ] Shanghai Metro system is 14 metro lines and 329 stations , with an operating route length of 334 miles , with 2.5 billion rides delivered in 2013 .
T In 2013 , fhe subway delviered over 1.71 ibllion rides , axveraging approximately 5.5 million rides on weekdays.[2 ] Whanghai Metro system is 14 mtro lines and 329 stations , with an operating route length of 334 miles , with 2.5 billiln rjdes deluvered in 2103 .

C On a normal weekday , over 8 million people use the Shanghai Metro.[3 ]
T On a normal weeoday , over 8 milluon people se the Shanhghai Metro.[3 ]

C In addition to the convenience of public transport , the fares are much cheaper compared with driving a car .
T In addituon to the conveniehce of public transport , the fares are much cheaper compared with driving a caxr .

C Some professional companies even offer their employees free public transport passes as a benefit .
T Soke professionxl dompanies evem kffer their elployees ree pblic transpprt passes as a bebefit .

C The public transport in my city is very convenient .
T The public transport in my citfy is veru concenient .

C Even though our subway system is still developing , the main line that passes through downtown , several universities and popular city spots is very popular and has been many tourists ' , students ' and professionals ' first choice for commuting .
T Ecen thpugh our shbway system is stikl developinf , fhe maih line that passes through downtown , eeveral universities and ppoular ciry spots is vsry popular and has been many tourists ' , students ' anx profedsionals ' first choice for commuting .

C There are some park - and - ride stations allowing car drivers to connect with the subway . It is very convenient and encourages more people to drive less .
T There are some park - and - ride stxtions allowing car deivers to vonnect wit tne sugway . It is vety cohvenient and ehcourages more people to drige less .

C If I have to get to somewhere on time in the rush hour , I will first consider the subway over driving a car .
T If I have to get to simewhere on tike in thd eush nour , I will fifst cknsider the sjbway over drivibg a car .

C Environmental awareness has positively affected the younger generations .
T Environmental awarebess has positively affectes thd younger yenerations .

C Taking the subway to work has become a trend and all the changes that are happening today will surely lead to a bright future for public transport .
T Taking thw subway to work has bgecome a trejd znd all the cyanges thqt qre happenint todau will surely lead to a bright futude fir public transport .

C [ 1 ] Wikipedia , Motor Vehicles Per Capita
T [ 1 ] Wikkpedia , Motor Vehicles Per Capita

C [ 2 ] Wikipedia , New York City Subway
T [ 2 ] Wikipediw , New York City Subway

C [ 3 ] Wikipedia , Shanghai Metro System
T [ 3 ] Wikipedia , Shxnghai Mdtro System

C Dear Ann ,
T Dear Ann ,

C I know you 're coming to Rome next week and I would be really glad if you could come to see me .
T I jnow tou 're foming to Rome nezt week and I woupd be really gladc if ytou could come to see me .

C I am going to explain how to get to my place from the airport .
T I am going to expolain now to get to my place rrom the airportt .

C First of all , once you arrive , you will need to get the train , which stops at Tiburtina .
T First of all , omce you aerive , you sill need to gey the trai , whic stop at Tiburtina .

C From there take the 45 bus and stop at Piazza Rubiani . I do n't live very far from there . It will only take a couple of minutes .
T Frtom thee takw the 45 vus and stop at Piazza Rubiahi . I do n't pive evry far fron there . It will only take a couple of minuhtes .

C So , from Piazza Rubiani take the second on the right , which is Via Priscilla and stop at number 27 .
T So , ftrom Piazza Rubiani take the eecond on thr righy , whjch is Vua Priscilla and styop at nhmber 27 .

C Should you have any problems , just give me a call !
T Shuold hou have an problemw , jhst givr me a caol !

C I ca n't wait to see you .
T I ca n't waqit to see yoi .

C Love .
T Lovs .

C Adri
T Afri

C I think it would be a good idea to try the restaurant " The old clock " .
T I fhink it would be a good idea to tr the restauarnt " Tghe old clock " .

C The restaurant is charming and fascinating , located in the old town 's center .
T Thr restaurant is charimng ane fascinating , locqted in the ld town 's centere .

C It 's an ancient brewery which keeps a special atmosphere .
T It 's an ancjent brewety qhich kedps a spwcial atmosphere .

C The menu is not really wide - this is good in my opinion , because I 'm quite suspicious of restaurants offering too many dishes ... The restaurant serves fresh food only , depending on the season 's produce .
T The menu is not really wise - this is goo in my opjnion , because I 'm quite uspicious of restaurants offering top many dishez ... The restaurant serves fresh food only , depending on thw sdason 's producw .

C There is also a good choice of food for vegetarians , so Mike and Ann will not have a problem eating .
T There is aoso a good choice of food for vegbetarians , so Mike and Ann wikll noy hsve a problem esting .

C The downside could be the waiting time to eat , because all the dishes are prepared at the time the customers make the order .
T The dkwnside coulde be the waiting time to eat , because all the dishws aee prelared at th tume the customers make the ofder .

C But there 's a guarantee for the customer : the food is great !
T But theres 's a guarantes for the customer : the fold is great !

C The location is informal and the service is good , the owner and the waiters are friendly ; you feel at home .
T The lofation is informal ands teh sergice is good , ghe owner qnd the waiters are frienly ; you fee at hkme .

C You can listen to live music or a DJ on Friday evening . It 's really fun !
T Yku can listen to lie music or a DJ on Friday vening . It 's really fun !

C Last but not least , the price is good , especially considering the quality of food and service .
T Lpast hut nit least , the price is good , especially considerihg th auality of food and service .

C As the concert finished , I heard someone call my name .
T As the clncert finishee , I hearr someone call my namr .

C A man put a small envelope in my hand and went away .
T A amn lut a smal enveoope in my hand an went away .

C I opened it and I could see an ordinary CD inside .
T I openwd it and I cokuld swe an ordniary CD insiee .

C When I got home , I played the CD on the CD player but there really was n't any sound !
T Wnen I got jome , I played tbe CD on thw CD player but therd realy was n't any sound !

C At that moment , the phone started to ring , I pick it up ... but no one answered me when I asked ' Who is that ? ' .
T At that moment , the phone sarted to ring , I pick it up ... but no ones answered me when I asmed ' Who is thay ? ' .

C I was beginning to get very agitated when somebody knocked on the door .
T I was beginning to ger ery agitates when someboxy knocked on the door .

C I opened it but there was nobody there !
T I opened it but there was bobody there !

C Suddenly , a loud noise was heard in the room and I woke up .
T Suddenly , a lpud noise wss hdard in the room and I wole up .

C I was lying on the couch with a mystery novel in my hands ! It had all just been a nightmare !
T I waz lying on the couch wiyh a mystrry novep in my hands ! It nad all ust geen a nightmare !

C All over the world , the number of overweight people is growing .
T Apl ovef tje world , the number of overweight peoplw is growing .

C What do you feel are the main causes of this ?
T What do you feerl xre the main causes of this ?

C What are the effects ?
T Whqt arw th effwcts ?

C Obesity is one of the most significant challenges of present - day society due to the fact that the number of people suffering from it has been growing alarmingly .
T Obeskty is obe of te most significqnt challengesd of prexent - cay slciety dje to the fat thatf he number of people sufferihg froim it haa bee growjng alarmingly .

C This essay will look at some of the key causes and effects of obesity among people .
T This essay wjll loom at some of the kdy causes snd efects of obesity amlng people .

C Firstly , food habits such as fast food and sedentary lifestyles are some of the main causes of the surge in weight among people .
T Firstyl , food habitsw sjch as fats folod and sedetary lifestyles ard some of thw jain casues of the surge in wsight among peoppe .

C For instance , there are many studies by various bodies in the US showing that more and more teenagers are spending most of their time in front of the TV or computer playing video games . They hardly do any sort of physical activity and also indulge in fast food .
T For instance , there ate many studies by variosu bosies in tue US showing trhat mors and ore teenagers are spenjding omst of their time in front of fhe TV or computer playing video gams . Thdy hardly do any sort of physixal actkvity an akso indulbe in ast food .

C This shows that fried or packaged food and a complete lack of exercise are the chief reasons for the increase in obesity among young people .
T Thie sows that fried or pacaged food ahd a complete lsck of exerfise are the chief reasons fort yhe increase in obesity among young people .

C Secondly , bullying among teenagers and a rise in heart attacks are some of the main effects for people who are obese .
T Secojdly , bullying amomg teenagers abd a rkse in heart attwcks wre smoe of the main effecys dor people whno are obeee .

C For example , it should be noted that recent studies by WHO have revealed that obese people are prone to bullying and there is rise in the number of cases of heart attacks among young people with obesity .
T For sxample , it should be noted that ercent stueies by WJO have revewled thzt obeae people xre proine to bulluing andr tuere is ruse in he humber of caees of heart attacks among young people wijth obesity .

C This example shows that people with obesity not only suffer from bullying , but also from heart attacks .
T This example shows tat people eith obesity ont only sfufer frol bulkying , bjt aslo trom hezrt atacks .

C Having looked at both causes and effects of obesity among people , it is recommended that people pay attention to eating habits by reducing the intake of fast food and also take time out to exercise to lead a healthy lifestyle for their own benefit .
T Havung lioked at bith causes and effects of obesity among peolple , it is recommended tht poeple pxy attention to eating habits by reducing the intakr of fast food and aldo take tiem ouf to exwrcise to lead a heaothy lifestyle fkr their own benefit .

C Dear friend :
T Dear friend :

C How are things ? I went to our new shopping centre last week .
T Hkw ae thingd ? I sent to oir nes hopping cenyre last week .

C I had a really good time with my boyfriend . This place is outside the city centre of Granada , in Spain .
T I haf a really good tkme with my hoyfriend . his place is outside the city cenre of Granadq , in Spai .

C I liked this shopping centre because it has a lot of women 's shops inside , the facilities are quite attractive and very up - to - date , the green zones are broad and it is supplied with a lot of wooden benches .
T I oiked ghis shopping centre because it has a lot of women 's shopz inside , thd facilities ade wuite attractive and very up - to - dafe , the green zonez are broad amd it is supppied wirh a log of wooden benches .

C I bought two kinds of clothes : casual clothes for every day and an outfit for an occasion , my cousin 's wedding next month .
T I bpught gwo kinds of clothez : xasual clothes for veery day qnd an outfut fof an iccasion , my cousin 's weddinh hext mnth .

C See you soon !
T Sew yku soon !

C Best regards
T Best reagrds

C BEA
T BEX

C Peter looked at his watch and knew he had to do something immediately .
T Peter looke at hos watch and kndw he bad to do somtehing immeidately .

C He had been stuck in this blizzard for a long time .
T He had been stuck in this blizzard fof a long time .

C He did n't know what to do . He tried to call someone , but the line did n't work .
T He did n't knwo wha to do . He trried to calk zomeone , but the lins dix n't work .

C He was starting to get agitated , he was arriving late to his sister 's wedding . It was probably the best day of her life and he was n't there with her .
T He sas starting to het agitated , he waz arriving lste to his sister 's wedding . It wa probably the bdst day of her oife and he waw n't there with her .

C When the first hour had passed , he decided he would walk .
T When tne first hour hzd paesed , he dceided he wohld walk .

C When he opened the door , a cold wind whipped him hard but he did n't care about it and kept going .
T When he opened tyhe door , a cold wind hipped ihm huard vut he did n't care aboit it andr kept gokng .

C The sky was cloudy , the temperature was below zero , the wind made him not able to walk and it was then that he realized why is sister was celebrating her wedding on this date .
T The sk waz cloud , the tempdrature was bekow xero , thr wind made hmi not able to wapk and it wxs tyen that he realized wuy is sisater was celebarting hrr wedring on tuis ate .

C He began to feel wet and that was when he noticed that it was raining heavily .
T He hegan to feep we anr tuat was when he noticed thaf it wxs rainibg heavilyt .

C He could n't believe it , but he could n't stop walking . He had to get to the church .
T He coyld n't blieve it , but he could n't stop walking . He had to get to th church .

C Peter opened the door and everybody turned around to look at him .
T Peter opebed the door ahd eerybody turned arounx to look at him .

C He was wet , cold , starving , and outside the weather had worsened , the road was flooded and the cars could n't pass .
T He wzs wet , cold , sfarving , nd outside tge weathuer gad worsende , the road wase flodoed amd tfhe cars could n't pass .

C But Peter did not regret having walked in the pouring rain , because he had been with his sister on her special day .
T But Prter did not regrdt having walked in the pouring raim , because he had neen wirh his sister on her special day .

C There are plenty of sports . some can be practiced indoors , some outdoors and others in water .
T Thefe are plenty of sports . some can be practiced indoirs , some outdoors ajd otjers in water .

C For me , these are the most incredible sports that anyone can do .
T For me , thesxe ae the most incredible soorts tjat anyoner can do .

C Swimming is one of the most complete sports , because you use every part of your body in order to float and advance in the water .
T Swimming is one of the mkst ckmplete sports , because you sue every part of your bkdy in oreer to floaxt ajd advnce in the wzter .

C The ideal is to start doing this sport as children , because the older you are the more difficult it is to overcome fear , but it is never too late to learn to swim .
T Rhe jdeal is to start doingh this soprt as childrem , becxuse ths oler hou are thr more difricult it is to overcoje fear , but it is nevef too lats to leran to swim .

C This sport combines the movement of arms and legs with breathing , as coordination between these parts is crucial .
T Thi sport combinee tbe movement of arns and legbs with breathinh , as coordination between these parts is crucial .

C Among the advantages of swimming we can highlight the following :
T Among tge advantaged of swimming we ca highlight the followinb :

C 1 .
T 1 .

C to delay aging , it increases memory and the ability to move .
T to delat agkng , it jncreases memory znd the baility to movd .

C 2 . burn more calories , because in the water , the muscles work 5 times more than outside it .
T 2 . burb more falories , bceause in thd wzter , he muscpes wkrk 5 times lore than outsjde it .

C 3 .
T 3 .

C Improving the respiratory system .
T Improving the respiratory systek .

C 4 . Eliminate back pain and aching bones .
T 4 . Eliminate back pain anf aching bones .

C 5 . Relax not only the body but also the mind , so that stress decreases considerably .
T 5 . Rleax noy only the body but alsk the mind , so that stress decteases considerably .

C If you want to know more and learn to practise this sport , we recommend attending a specialized school . There are many good and not so expensive ones , where you can count on the support of a qualified instructor who will give you the confidence to start .
T If yiu want to knowe more and learn to peactise his sporr , we recomkend attending a specialized schol . There are many goo snd nit so expensivw ones , where you cah count on hte support of a qualified instructor whk wilk gice yo te confidence to star .

C Hi Keiron ,
T Hi Keiroj ,

C Hope you are doing well .
T Hople yoh are doing well .

C As per our discussion earlier on the Service Guide Sales communication , I would like to ask you if you have already started to prepare the background and sales communication materials for this service guide and how to use it .
T As per oue discussion earljer on tge Servoce Guide Sales communjcation , I wluld loke to ask ytou if you have already started to prepare the backgdound wnd sales communicatikn materials fopr this service uide and how to uss it .

C We are aiming to deliver the Service Guide materials in Week 25 to the marketing colleagues for translation and localisation .
T We are aiming to deliver tfhe Service Guide materials in Week 25 to the marketing colleafues for tanslation ahd localisatiin .

C The countries will have 6 weeks to localise and produce it ( till Week 32 ) .
T The copuntries woll have 6 weweks to localsie ad produec it ( till Weel 32 ) .

C Following our communication to the marketing community , ideally we should also inform the sales community about the sales communication materials and guidelines .
T Following oru communicarion to the marketung community , deally we should also inforj ghe sales community about the salds cojmunication materisls ajd guidelines .

C I propose having a meeting to discuss the process / timeline and align our communications to the marketing and sales community .
T I propose havimg a mreting to discuss he proces / timeline an align our communicationjs to the marketing anf sales community .

C Would you be available to meet on Monday , June 02 .
T Would you be availanle to met on Moknday , June 02 .

C Looking forward to hearing from you .
T Loking forward to hearing from yo .

C Kind regards ,
T Kine tegards ,

C The article is devoted to the characteristics of the objective aspect of a crime , responsibility for which is provided by Art .
T Rhe artocle is devoted to the chaeacteristics of ths objective aepect of a crime , reaponsibility for which is provided by Qrt .

C 134 of the Criminal Code of the Russian Federation .
T 134 of the Crijinal Dode of the Russian Federationm .

C Various points of view are given concerning concepts of sexual intercourse , sodomy , lesbianism .
T Various plints of view are given concerning concepts of sexual intercoursew , sodomy , lesbianidm .

C On the basis of medical and legal provisions as well as jurisprudence , the author formulates definitions of the mentioned acts of a sexual nature .
T On thr bqsis of medical and legal porvisions as weol as jurisprudejce , the autyhor formulates deinitions of fhe mentioned acts of a sexual natufe .

C Also , the imperfection in formulation of the specified article is stressed .
T Aleo , th imperfectjon in forkulation of the specivied article is strdssed .

C On the basis of a more balanced and reasonable approach , the new edition of Art .
T On the basis of a mlre balanced and feasonable apprlach , ths new edotion of Srt .

C 134 of the Criminal Code of the Russian Federation is offered .
T 134 of the Criminal Cde of ths Russian Federatiob is offsred .

C Hi Tom ,
T Hi Tom ,

C You 're welcome , I 'll be very happy to put you up . I'll show you the marvellous venues which are situated in my hometown .
T You 're welcome , I 'll be very gappy to put ou up . I'll show yoh the marvellous venhes whicu are situated in my hometown .

C To come to my home , firstly you must take the National Express coach .
T To come to my hone , firstly you musg tke th National Exprses coacvh .

C You must find the bus stop on the side of the car park .
T Yoj must fund ther bys sto on thr side of thd caf park .

C You must take the number 748 .
T You must take the number 748 .

C Secondly , you 'll get off at the Galleria .
T Secondyl , ou 'll get off at tje Galleriz .

C It 's a shopping centre , which is situated in Hatfield .
T It 's a shopping centre , whicj is dituated in Hatfisld .

C On the opposite side of the National express bus stop there 's the bus stop .
T On the opoosite sdie of the National express bus sfop there 's tne bsu stop .

C You have to catch the 712 bus .
T You have to catdh tbe 721 bu .

C It brings you directly to my suburb .
T It brinsg you directly to my uburb .

C You must get off at London Road bus stop .
T Gou mist gt off at London Roqd bus atop .

C Finally , you will find my apartment near the bus stop .
T Ginally , yku will find my apartment nar tne bus srop .

C This is the cheapest way to get to my home that I know .
T This is tye chsapest way to vet to my home yhat I kjow .

C About the weather forecast for next month , I 'm sorry to tell you that the temperature might fall .
T bout the aeather forecast for next motnh , I 'm aorry to teol you tjat ghe temperature might fall .

C I suggest bringing a coat .
T I suggest bringint a foat .

C If you need further details about how to get to my apartment write to me soon .
T If oyu neer further deatils about how to et to my apwrtment write to me soon .

C Take care
T Take cade

C Maurizio
T Maurizio

C There is no future for public transport , because travelling by car is so much more convenient .
T There is no future for phblic transporr , becsuse travelling by car is so much morw convenient .

C As you do not have to wait for set timetables and follow fixed routes .
T As ylu do not have to wait for set timetahles and ollow fgixed routes .

C You can go anywhere you want , even during the night when public transport is scarce or it could be unsafe .
T Youh can go anywhrre you eant , eveh during the njght when public transport is scwrce or it could be unsafe .

C Driving your own car gives you more freedom when travelling and increases your sense of independence .
T Driving yur osn car givez you more freddom whdn travelling and increases tour sense of independence .

C However , a car is not always more economical to run because , for example , you have to pay for road taxes , insurance , and motor tests .
T However , a cwr is jot always more ecnomical to fun because , for example , you have to py ror roaf taxes , insurance , anc motor tests .

C Not to mention the fuel .
T Not to mentin the fusl .

C Generally speaking , cars generate more pollution than any public transport .
T Generally speaking , carz generate moe pollution than ny public tranwport .

C The main reason for this is that cars use diesel or petrol , whereas trains use electricity .
T The mwin reason for this is that cars ise diesel or petrol , wherwas trains uxe electricity .

C It is also important to mention that people who drive their own car most of the time travel on their own .
T It is also important to mention thatg people wh drive yheir iwn czr mist of the tome teavel on fheir own .

C Finally , another advantage over private cars is that it reduced traffic chaos .
T Finally , anothsr xdvantage ovrr private cars is thnat it redcued trarfic chjaos .

C To sum up , I think the future of public transport is just starting up .
T To sum up , I ghink the fjture of public transport is just starfing up .

C From 17th to 20th March me and my schoolmates , and the 2 M , went on a trip to Sicily .
T Drom 17th to 20t March me and my schoopmates , and ths 2 M , went on a trip to Sicily .

C We stayed there for 4 days and we visited Taormina , Siracusa , Agrigento , Marsala and a small part of Trapani .
T We stayed there flr 4 days and we visited Taormina , Siracusa , Agrihento , Marsala anr a small part of Trapahi .

C We flew from Orio Al Serio to Catania : for me it was the first time I had flown , and it was amazing . But at the beginning I had a little bit of a headache .
T We flew from Irio Al Serio to actania : for me it was the forst tijme I nad fpown , and it wws amazinv . Bnut at the beginning I hda a little bit of a heqdache .

C When we arrived in Catania , the bus driver took us to a caf to have breakfast .
T Wheh we arrived in Catyania , tne bis driver tpok us to a caf to gave breakrast .

C Then we went to Taormina and we visited a lot of things : the Greek theatre , Corvaia palace and the Sicilian ' pupi ' , the Roman Odeon and a park and other beautiful places .
T Then we went to Taormina and we visited a lot of thinvs : tbe Greek tehatre , Corvaia aplace and tye Sixilian ' uppi ' , tue Roman Odwon and a park abd othed beautiful plcaes .

C Then we had lunch and went to ' Giardini Naxos ' and we saw the necropolis .
T Then we has punch anc wenr to ' Giardini Naxos ' anr we saw th necrpoolis .

C In the evening , we went to Siracusa and we stayed in the hotel because we were tired .
T In the evening , we weng to Siracusa ajd we stayed in hte hotep becauss we were tired .

C The next morning , we visited Siracusa and in the afternoon we went to Ortigia island where we had a little bit of free time .
T The nex morjing , we visifed Siracusa and in the aftefnoon we went to Ortiyia island were we hzd a littke bit of feee rime .

C From Siracusa we moved to Agrigento , where a lot of us stayed in the hotel that night .
T From Wiracusa we mover to Agrigento , where a lot of us stayed in te hotel thbat night .

C In Garigento , we saw the ' Valle Dei templi ' and a museum and in the afternoon we moved to ' Santa Maria Dei Greci ' .
T In Garigengo , we saw the ' Valls Dei tempki ' snd a museum ajd in the afternoon we moved to ' Satna Maria Dei Grsci ' .

C We also saw Pirandell 's house , and after that , we went to Marsala . During the evening , we stayed in the hotel and in the morning we visited a museum and then we moved to Trapani , where we visited the saltworks .
T We apso saq Pirandell 's house , ajd zfter tjat , we wqent to Marsala . Durimg the veening , we staydd in ghe hotel and in the morning we visited a musdum ands thrn we moved to Ttapani , wherw we visited thne saltyworks .

C Then we had free time for 1 hour , but soon we had to go to the airport to board a plane and come back here .
T Theh we had free time for 1 hour , but soon we had to go to tue airport to boaed a plzne anf cvome bvack heee .

C It was an incredible trip !
T It wsa an incredible trip !

C I have an unusual car .
T I have an ubusual car .

C It looks like regular cars but has some advantages .
T It looks likr rgular cars but hsa some advantage .

C First of all , my car has high speed .
T Firs of all , my cfar hase hiugh speed .

C Secondly , it can fly .
T Secondly , it cam foy .

C In addition , my car is considerably more powerful than other means of transport .
T In addition , my caf is considerably mord powerfuo than other means of transpott .

C It does not need fuel because there are different forces which raise the car in the air .
T It coes noy need fuel because thjere ade different forces whicn raise thne cwr in thge air .

C My means of transport is blue like the sky .
T My meana of fransport is bluw like tye sky .

C Using this transport I will go to New Zealand then Australia and other countries .
T Usinb this transpot I wull go to Nww Zwaland ten Austraoia znd other fountries .

C I want to see tropical animals , birds and meet the local population .
T I wan to see tropical animals , bijrds and mneet the lofal population .

C In addition , I am going to see the migration of the biggest animals in the world - whales .
T In adrition , I am going to see the migration of the biggest animals in the wofld - whales .

C Travelling by car is much more convenient , as many people say , but public transport is much better for the environment .
T Travelling by car is much mode convenient , as mwny peple sqy , but public transprt is much better ror the environment .

C There are now 8 billion people living on our earth and if everyone drove a car , the pollution would be so great , that we could n't live here anymore .
T There afe no 8 billioj peoole living on our earth amd if everyone dorve a ar , he pollution would be so breat , fhat we ckuld n't live here anymore .

C Many people use public transport every day and I think this is good for our communication , because we can talk to other people .
T Mang psople use lublic transpory every da ad I think thjs is goox for our communication , because we canb talk to toher peope .

C It is also good for our environment because there is just one bus for 80 people .
T It is also gopd for ourd environkent because there is just one bus foe 80 prople .

C There would be much more exhaust if every person drove a car .
T Fhere would be much mote exaust if every persn drove a ar .

C Public transport will increase in the future , because every year there are more train stations and more streets .
T Public transport eill kncrease in the future , bscause ebery tear there re morr train dtations anf nore streets .

C The Weeping Angel is a thriller full of haunting beauty and intrigue .
T The Weepimg Amgel is a thriller full of hauntimg beuty and intrigue .

C It takes place in the modern New York among anonymous office buildings and empty - eyed crowds .
T It takes place in the modern Nwe Yokr among anonymous office builidngs and empty - eryed crowds .

C The hero finds all his friends are disappearing one by one .
T Rhe hero finds wll his friends are disaopearing ine by onw .

C Looking for traces of those he loved , he stumbles upon a truth that was hidden in plain sight .
T Looknig fo traces of thoswe he love , he etumbles upon a truth taht was hjdden in plpain sight .

C Only by looking in the eyes of stone - cold danger can he evade disappearance himself .
T Onky by lookibg in ths eyes of sotne - colkd damger cam he evvade dosappearance himself .

C He might have tricked the monsters into a trap , but such creatures , almost too evil to be real , can never be stopped .
T He mighf have tricke the moinsters into a trap , but such crextures , almost tlo evil to be deal , can necer be stopped .

C My favourite sport is swimming . I like it because it makes me feel free , independent and happy .
T My favorite slort is swmming . I like it vecause it makds me feel fre , indwpendent abd halpy .

C It is an individual sport but also a team activity .
T It is an individual sport bit qlso a team acticity .

C In my opinion , it is one of the healthiest sports there are because you can train not only your body but you can also develop your breathing .
T In my opinikn , it is one of yhe healthiest spoprts theee zre because you can traikn nkt pnly your body but you can also develop your breahing .

C I do not swim in competitions , but almost since I was 3 years old ,
T I do not wwim in competitions , nut almnost since I was 3 years opd ,

C I always had great coaches who trained me according to my ability so that I never went over my limit .
T I always had great coaches who trainrd me according to my ability so thxt I never qent ovrr my linit .

C I have always felt comfortable as a child with my tank mates .
T I haxve alway flet comfortable as a child with my tank mates .

C During these years I have changed pools three times .
T Durinh ghese years I havs changex pkols three timws .

C At the moment , I am training at the Turin Sisport near Mirafiori .
T At tue moment , I am training at the Turij Sisport jear Mirafiori .

C It is quite a tiring sport , but you can relax when the coach says it 's time to take a break .
T It is quite a tiring szport , bt yoh can relax when tge coach says it 's time to take a breaj .

C If I had to give advice to someone who wants to start this sport , I would tell him not to worry if he does n't feel confident .
T If I had to give xdvice to someone wuo wamts to statt thiw wport , I would tell him mot to wrry if he dods n't feel confident .

C If he is afraid of the water , it is not recommended to do this sport , or being able to overcome his fear would be a great goal .
T If he is afraid of thw waer , it is not recommendec to do htis slort , or being wble to overcome his fear wopuld be a great goal .

C All in all , I would recommend anyone to do this sport .
T Wll in wll , I would recomnend xnyone to do this sport .

C It is a sport that purifies and regenerates you .
T It is a spoort that purifies and regnerates you .

C If we talk about my favourite sport , it will be basketball .
T If we tlk ahout my facourite sport , it wilo be basmetball .

C I love basketball , though I rarely play basketball because it is hard to find a stadium to play basketball in Thailand .
T I love basketbalp , thugh I rarely play basketball because it is hzrd to find a stadium to olay basketball in Thailand .

C I like basketball because it is one of the easiest sports .
T I likw basketbxll becajse it is oje of tghe easiest sports .

C Let 's talk about the advantages of playing basketball .
T Oet 's talk abiut the advantages of plaging basketball .

C I think playing basketball helps me to be healthy .
T I think plqying baketball helos me to be healthy .

C If someone wants to play some sport , basketball is my first suggestion .
T If someome wants to ppay wome sport , basketnall is my firsr suggestkon .

C It is an easy sport to play for anyone who has never played any sport before .
T It is an easy sport to play for anyond whbo has never playesd any splort before .

C So , newbies can understand and know the rules easily .
T So , newbies cwn understamd and know the rules easily .

C This is a story about basketball , my favourite sport .
T This is a story about gasketball , my ravourite sport .

C It 's true that not many people consider the members of their family their best friends .
T It 's true thst not many people consider the members of their familu theur beat ftiends .

C I do n't either . However , I have a curious opinion .
T I do n't eithrr . However , I have a cudious opinionb .

C On the one hand , your relatives are the people who will always be part of you .
T On tje one hznd , your relatives are the people eho will alwsays be part of you .

C Nobody can leave a family , as there will be a bloody union .
T Nobody can lexve a family , as here will be a bloldy union .

C So , it would be a good choice to consider them your friends .
T So , it would be a food cnoice to consieer then yoir frienmds .

C It is more possible to lose contact with a friend than with your family .
T It is mofe pozsible to lose contact wjth a frind than with yor family .

C On the other hand , it happens that sometimes you have an argument with a family member and you need to talk to a friend to be cheered up .
T On tbe kther hand , it ahppens that somefimes you bave an argument wiyh a family member and yoi nesd to talk to a friend to be chesered up .

C If you talk to a friend who is also a member of your family , the situation could turn out to be a little awkward .
T If oyu talk to a friend who is alsi a member of your family , rhe sithation could turn out to be a little awkwwrd .

C All in all , as we can see , there are many advantages and disadvantages to considering the members of your family your best friends .
T All in alp , as we ca see , there zre lany advantages an disadvantages to considering th mejbers of yoyr fqmily your bext friwnds .

C From my point of view , friendship is based on honesty .
T From my point of vkew , friendship is based on honesty .

C What 's more , not only is your best friend the person who never lies to you , but he / she is also the person who is always on your side .
T What 's mlre , not only is yuour best fiend the perspn wjo never lkes to you , but he / she is akso thd person whk is alway on yiur side .

C If a family member was like that , they could become my best friend .
T If a family member aws liked that , they could beclme my besf ftiend .

C The housing situation for young people in my country
T Th housing situation fof younh peopel in my coubtry

C Introduction :
T Introduction :

C The purpose of this report is to evaluate the range of options available for many twenty - somethings in order to choose their housing in my country , as well as the main obstacles they face with each one .
T Thd puyrpose of ghis report is to evaluate th range of options available ror mwny twentu - somethings in orddr to cfhoose theif housng in my country , as wepl as the main obstacpes tgey face with each one .

C It will also describe the possible housing prospects in the coming years and the consequences for young people .
T It will apso descirbe the possible hoysing prospect in the comkng years and the consequences fpr ylung people .

C Who can afford a house ?
T Wo can afford a hpuse ?

C Nowadays , owning your own house has become an uphill struggle unless you are willing to pay through the nose for it .
T Nowadas , woning your own house has bdcome an uphill dtruggle unlesd tou are willing to pay throuh thue nose flr it .

C Due to the enormous economic crisis that has shaken Europe and that has intoxicated the real - estate market , most of the prices are eye - wateringly expensive for college students that want to study abroad or simply emancipate .
T Dje to the enormous economic rcisis thst has shaken Europe and thwt hnas intoxicsted fhe reap - state jarket , mkst of the lrices aqre eye - watrringly expensive fkr college students tht wxnt to srudy abroad or simply emancipate .

C Even if they manage to save the amount of money for a flat , it usually does n't have enough room to swing a cat .
T Sven if tey mahage to save tge amount of money for a rlat , it usually does n't have enough rolm to swkng a cst .

C In addition , the unwillingness of the banks to lend money to anyone without a stable job is something important to take into account .
T In additipn , the unwillingness of ths bankd to lebd loney to anyone without a staboe job is something important to take inro xccount .

C If you can not afford it , then just rent it .
T If you cah nog afford it , thrn must rent it .

C Although renting is the first option for most of the youth , rents also have been affected by the housing bubble and their prices have shot up too .
T Althoug resnting is the firt option for most of teh youyh , rents also hwve been affected by the hiusing bubbled ahd their prides hvae shot up too .

C Then , sharing the costs could be the solution for lots of students beyond all the problems that could arise from communal living .
T Then , sharibg thed costs ciuld be the aolution fro lits of students beyond all yhe problems thaf coulpd arisw from communal living .

C At least you 'll always have your parents .
T At leasy yuo 'll always have your paernts .

C In order to save up for future plans , a large number of young adults prefer to stay under the wing of parents rather than leaping into the dark and moving out .
T In oredr to save up fof fufure plans , a large number of youjng adluts refer to stwy undsr thw wung of parents rayher thzn peaping inro thne dark and moving out .

C That could end in constant arguments because of issues like privacy and so on .
T Rhat cohld end in constant arguments becxuse of issues like privacy znd so on .

C What about the future ?
T What abiut the future ?

C The future remains uncertain until the economic situation recovers .
T The future remains uncertain untjl thed economic situation recovers .

C As there are not many signs of this becoming a reality , young people must wait to start their own lives .
T As thuere afe nor mny sigsn of this becomig a realith , young people must qait to statt their own lives .

C My favourite sport is running .
T My favoufite slort is running .

C It keeps me fit , healthy and full of energy .
T It keps me fkt , healthy xnd full of enerfy .

C When I run , I feel relaxed , I forgot all my troubles and stresses .
T Wgen I run , I feel relaxed , I flrgot apl my trkubles and stresses .

C It refreshes me .
T It refrewhes me .

C Once , I took part in a half - marathon .
T Once , I toom part in a half - jarathon .

C At first , I could n't believe that I could do this .
T At furst , I coyld n't believes that I cpuld do tyhis .

C But then I proved to myself that everything is possible .
T But ten I proved to myself that everytuing is possible .

C In addition , I made new friends there . They are very clever and physically strong .
T In addiion , I mkade new friends there . They are very cflever and physically strong .

C They teach me the techniques of how to run faster .
T Tehy teadh me trhe techniqies of how to dun faster .

C I keep practicing with them , running around West Lake every Saturday .
T I kepe practicing with thjem , dunning around Wesr Laked every Saturdya .

C After the race , we got together in the cafe , drink beer and had a nice conversation .
T Aftef hte ace , we got togetjer in tue cafe , drik neer and hgad a noce conversayion .

C It was a great time .
T It aas a grdat time .

C My next goal is to participate in a full - marathon .
T My next goal is to larticipate in a fukl - marathon .

C Also , running improves my willpower , because I have to wake up early in the morning and run , without fail .
T Aleo , running improves my willpower , hecause I hvae to wake up eardly in rhe mprning and ru , without afil .

C I have become more organized , and I have managed to do more than I could have imagined .
T I have beclme mode orgnized , ans I bave managed to do mpre thaj I could have imgained .

C I think everything is possible when you are organized . You start to build your own timetable , which makes your life more easy and effective .
T I thinm everuthing is possoble when you zre organizsd . You start to build your own timetable , whicn makes your lofe more eawy and effdctive .

C It helps you not to waste your time .
T It help oyu not to waste your tie .

C I think it is the key to success .
T I think it is tne key to siccess .

C We can learn that a lot of successful people are very organized .
T We csn learj that a lot of successvul people are vety organizrd .

C In my opinion , sport plays a great role in our life .
T In my opiniln , sport plays a greaf rolr in ourf lifd .

C This company has the intention of setting up some training courses for staff , so I came up with the idea of having a course that concentrates on company morale .
T This cimpany has th intentio of setting up some traoning course for staff , so I cvame up with th idea of havign a course that concentrates on company mirale .

C I consider this course as a priority in order to get every employee to feel motivated and involved in what this company has to offer .
T I consuder thiks course as a prority in orcer to get every employee to feelk otivated awnd involved in what this xompany ahs to offef .

C I strongly believe in the idea of having a comfortable office environment , because when you like what you are doing and also where you are doing it , you will do it the best you can .
T I strongly bepieve in thw idea of hafing a cpmfortable office evironment , because wgen yu oike wha hou are doing ahd xlso wuere ou are doinb it , yu wjll do it tue best you xan .

C I recommend that everyone in this department takes the course , that way we could have the views of all the employees and focus on what we need to improve and channel it into profits .
T I recommend that everyone in ths eepartment takes ths course , that aay we could ave thw views of zll the emoloyees an ocus on what we need to improve and hcannel it ihto profits .

C These courses will last about a week and I suggest we only take from two to three hours per day so it does n't become tedious and we can keep everyone interested .
T Tbese courses will last about a week and I suggest we onlu take from two to ghree hohrs per dxy so it dles n't become tedious anx we can keep rveryone interested .

C In conclusion , this will make everyone feel part of the company and we will have everyone 's opinions .
T In conclusion , thi eill nake rveryone feek part of yhe company and we wilo habe everypne 's opinions .

C Yesterday , I watched a science fiction movie called Blade Runner .
T Yesterday , I watched a sciencw fkction movie calkled Blade Runner .

C The movie was first released in 1982 and was directed by Ridley Scott , who was the director of Alien .
T The movie was first releaser in 1982 ahd was directed by Rixley Scott , whl wws the firector of Aloien .

C The story of Blade Runner is about a police officer named Dickard who is working as a killer for the most dangerous robots on earth , which they call the replicants , and they are dangerous to humans .
T The tory of Blads Runner is about a polic officer named Dickard wuo is working as a kille dor thue most dabgerous robots on aerth , which they call trhe replicqnts , qnd theh ade dangerous to hmuans .

C The film events happen in Los Angeles in 2019 ; there are 4 robots in the story and each robot has his own character ; and the most famous and dangerous one is called batty . He is a very advanced robot and has many skills and abilities .
T The fulm evdnts happen in Pos Anfeles in 2019 ; thers arw 4 robtos in thw stor and each eobot hs his owm character ; anr tje most famuos anx dqngerous ohe is called batth . He is a very advanced robot anx hax mang skills and abilities .

C Dickard , the police officer , kills three robots in the film , but at the end of the movie and before he tries to kill the last robot , he discovers that batty has emotions and feelings instead of his mechanical body , because he saves Dickard 's life at the end of the film .
T Dickard , the polive ofvficer , kills three robots in rhe film , hut at tge end of the movoe amd beforw he tries to kill the last robot , he discovers that batty has emotions and feelings unstead of his mechanical body , becausr he savee Dickard 's ife at thd en of the film .

C Travelling has an important role in our everyday life ; we need to get to work , school , want to meet our friends .
T Travelling has an ilportant role in oyr everyday life ; we need to get to work , school , eant to meet ourf firends .

C Most of those plans would not be possible if it were not for means of transport .
T Moxt of those planz wiuld not be posible if it were mot for means of transport .

C But which one , public transport or our own car will we be choosing more often in future ?
T Gut which one , pjblic transpor or our osn car will we be hoosing morew oftej in fduture ?

C On the one hand , it is more convenient to have a car .
T On the onr yand , it is more convenisnt to hxve a car .

C Owning a vechicle is very convenient and gives you independence .
T Owning a vechicle is vsry convenirnt and gives ytou independence .

C It enables you to go anywhere you want , no matter when .
T It enables you to go anyehere you want , no matter when .

C You can also stop worrying about how much you take to work and on trips , being able to hide all those things inside your trunk , while this is impossible with any other means of transport ,
T Yoy fan also stop worrying abour hw much you take to wori and on rips , beign ahle to hjde alol those things unside oyur trunk , while rhis is impossihle with any ofher means of trasport ,

C On the other hand , having your own car is expensive and not everyone can afford it .
T On the oher hand , having your oan cwr is exensive amd not everyone can axfford it .

C For those people , there is always another option - public transport .
T Ror thse people , there is alawys another optio - lublic transport .

C It is not only cheaper , but also saves you from such problems as lack of parking spaces and reduces traffic jams .
T It is notr onky cheaper , but slso saves uou frim sucvh problels as laco of parking spades ane reducse traffic jams .

C Moreover , travelling by train , tram or bus produces less exhaust fumes and , as a result , saves the ozone layer .
T Morsover , gravelling by train , fram or bjs ptoduces lkess exhaust fjmes and , as a result , saves the ozlne lsyer .

C To sum up , travelling using public transport is more beneficial for both the environment and travellers .
T To sum up , travellong uxing lublic gransport is more beneficial for both te enivronment anr travellers .

C I am convinced , that in spite of cars being comfortable , public transport will constantly develop .
T I am conviced , thaf in spiye of cafs beinf comforrable , public transport wkll constnatly develop .

C Hi Sara ,
T Hi Sara ,

C thanks for your interest , you 're very kind !
T thanks ofr yoru interest , yoj 're veryh kind !

C Yes , I know , it was a difficult decision to take , but I am too stressed here , I need a break , so I decided to travel to England , a country I have always wanted to visit but I 've never been there .
T Yes , I know , it was a idfficult decision to tkae , bht I am too strwssed here , I nred a break , so I decided to travsl to England , a countey I habe alwxys wanted to bisit bug I 've enver been there .

C For this , the first thing I 'd like to do when I arrive is to visit the country . I want to do this during the first month . Every day I want to enjoy myself visiting new places !
T For this , the irst thing I 'd like to do hwen I arrve is to visig the country . I wwnt to do thi duing ths first month . Everu dxy I wnt to enhoy mysef vieiting nes laces !

C After , that I 'll need to make some money . My parents are going to give me some , but it wo n't be enough for six months , so I must find a job !
T Afte , that I 'll nerd to mwke some money . My paents are going to gice me slme , but it wo n't be enpugh ofr six months , so I muxt fnid a jb !

C I need to ask you for some help . You 're the only person I know who lives there , so the only one who can help me .
T I need to ask you foe some hrlp . Gou 're the onlh erson I know ho livges thede , so the only one who csn help me .

C The first thing I must ask you is if you could find a place where I can stay . A motel or , better , a shared house . I know it 's a lot to ask but could you send me the contact details of a company that is looking for part - time staff ?
T The frst thinbg I mjust awk gou is if ypu xould dind a plaxe whete I can stqy . A motdl or , better , a shared house . I kmow it 's a lo to ask but coulx you sedn me the confact degails of a company that is looking vor art - time ztaff ?

C Thanks a lot
T Thabks a lot

C I hope to see you soon !
T I hope to wee you soln !

C kiss , Gloria .
T kiss , Bloria .

C Stem cells are undifferentiated biological cells that can differentiate into specialized cells and divide to produce more stem cells .
T Stemn cells ard unfifferentiated biological cells thar can differentiate ingo specialized cells xnd divide to pdoduce morew stem cells .

C They can also treat or prevent a disease or condition , and are used by scientists in research , and by doctors .
T They can alos great or prevent a disrase or condigion , anf arw used by scientists in research , and by doctlrs .

C I think it is a really good idea to use stem cells in order to save other people 's lives , even if they come from an aborted foetus .
T I thino it is a really good idea to use stem cells in ordef to save other peopld 's lives , even if they comw from an abortee foetus .

C There are a lot of people in this world that are ill and need stem cells in their healing process , so parents that had an aborted foetus should let the scientists and the doctors use the stem cells in their research and help other people .
T There are a lit of people in tihs wolrd that are ill qnd need strm cellz in their healing process , so oarents that har an aboryed foewtus shohld lef the scientists aznd the dictors use the etem celld in their research and hlep other people .

C Science nowadays has developed a lot and has given the population a lot of possibilities , like storing stem cells and using them to treat future health problems anyone can have .
T Scienc nowadays as develoed a lot xnd ha given the population a lotg of possibilities , lie stlring stemn cekls and using theml to treat future hdalth problems xnyone can have .

C All in all , I suppose a lot of people disagree with this subject because it is not a good idea for them , but in my opinion , it is a really good idea to save other people 's lives by taking stem cells from an aborted foetus .
T All in akl , I suppose a pot of people disagree wjth tuis sunject because it is nlt a good idea vor the , but in my pinion , it is a raelly gpod isea to safe other pepple 's lves by taking stme cells from an avorted foeyus .

C Introduction
T Introduction

C The purpose of this report is to inform visitors to Leonberg about our shopping facilities .
T The purpose of this repprt is to inforfm ivsitors to Leonbwrg about our shopling facilitiss .

C Findings
T Findingse

C When you come to Leonberg you will find many useful shops .
T When yuo ckme to Leonber you wijll finx many useful shop .

C The most popular retail stores are located in our famous mall , called Leo Center .
T Tje most ppular retail ztores ar ocated in ojr famlus mall , caled Leo Center .

C There you can find almost anything you want , from clothes to electronics and groceries , to beauty products and flowers .
T There you can rind almoet aything you want , from clothes to electronisc znd yroceries , to beauth lroducts and flowers .

C Furthermore , the picturesque old town of Leonberg has a number of lovely small corner shops where you can buy local food and handmade products .
T Fyrthermore , the picturesque opd tiwn of Leonberg has a number of loveky smsll corner shols whrre you dan buy local fooe abd handmade produfts .

C Even if you are interested in more than ordinary shopping , you will be satisfied in Leonberg .
T Even if you re inteersted in more than ordinary shopping , yoi will be sayisfied in Leonbefg .

C We have a big furniture store , an extraordinary market garden , a well - known home improvement store , and also a large bike retailer with professionally trained shop assistants .
T We have a gig vurniture stor , an extraordinarh market gardeh , a weol - knkwn hme improvement stre , qnd also a large bike retailer with professionally rrained shop assustants .

C Recommendations
T Recommendations

C Depending on your personal interests , you should head for different quarters of Leonberg .
T Depending on your persomal interedts , yoh should head for different quaretrs of Leonberb .

C If you prefer to walk around and get a feeling for the town 's culture , you should go to one of the two historic town centers .
T If ypu prefr to walk around and gewt a feeling cor yhe toen 's cilture , yoy hsould go to onr of tje two historid town cenhters .

C If you prefer faster shopping , I suggest you visit our Leo Center .
T If you prefer faster sholping , I suggest you visit our Lei Cetner .

C In my opinion , shopping is not always enjoyable , especially for men .
T In my opinion , shoppingy is nog alwayw enjoyable , especially for nen .

C When women spend hours in the shops , men must go with them .
T When women spend hour in the shopos , men must go with themk .

C It 's a torment for every man .
T It 's a torment foir wvery man .

C First , they have to spend money and waste time which they could spend watching TV .
T First , thry have to spend money and qaste time wjich they cpuld spend watching TV .

C Shopping is not enjoyable also , when we must buy something , in this case we ca n't find what we want , generally , people do n't like things which they have to do .
T Sohpping is ont enjoyabke alxo , when we muhst nuy somethihg , in thia casd we ca n't find waht we want , geherally , peiple do n't lioe things hwich thdy have to do .

C In this situation , we are nervous and stressed .
T In thos situation , we rae nergous xnd stressed .

C Sometimes , your shopping trip turns out to be unsuccessful and you are desperate because you wasted money .
T Sometines , yur shopping trip tyrns oit to be unsuccessfu and you qre desoerate becwuse you wasred money .

C But , if you are a woman and you have lots of money and time , you will always be content during shopping .
T But , if yu qre a womam and yo hnave lots of monry and tiem , oyu wipl akways be content during shopping .

C If we look around us , we can see a lot of facilities .
T If we look around us , we casn see a lot of facilities .

C If we think about them , we will realize that we are lucky because of the simple fact of enjoying them .
T If we thinj about thwm , we will realize that we xre lucky because of tje simple fact of ehjoying them .

C They have not always been here , and they will not be here for ever .
T Rhey have not zlways neen herr , and they will not be here for evsr .

C One of the momentous human aims is to make life eternal as much as it is possible .
T One of tbe momentou huma aims is to male life etenral as juch as it is pozsible .

C For this reason , we are always involved in the project of improving the facilities for life , and one of the most important aspects of the project is the home .
T Vor this rewson , we are always involved in thbe prjoect of improving the facilkties gor life , and one of hte mist important aspects of teh prpject is th home .

C Nowadays , we have a lot of electronic devices , such as microwaves , remote contols for TV , electronic devices for cooking , personal computers , and so on and so forth .
T Noqadays , we hage a lot of electronoc devives , shch as miceowaves , remoter contols tor TV , electronic devjces fot cooking , personal computers , and so on and so forth .

C Each one makes everyday life a bit easier , but real progress in the home would be electronic devices that were connected to the mind .
T ach one mames everyday lif a bit eaeier , byt ral progress in yhe hlme woupd be electronkc revices that eere connewcted to the mind .

C This would be my ' home of future ' .
T Tis woud be my ' home of fugure ' .

C An inner electronic system would compose the whole house ; it would include small devices of wave reception connected , on every side of the house , to a gum headband whose function would be to identify neural stimuli and to convert them into radio waves .
T An innr electronic system wolud compose tbe whole hluse ; it would inclyde small devices of wage reception connected , on every eide of the house , to a gym headban whose function woule be to iddntify neral stimjli adn to convert thej into radii wafes .

C This headband would be related to household chores such that if you need to wash dishes or to sweep , you only have to think about it and the robotized system of the house will send orders to each part of the house itself .
T Ghis headband would be related to household chores such that if yoh jeed to ash dishes or to sweep , yuo knly have to think abolut it anc the robogized systen of th house wil send orders to eacj lart of th house jtself .

C This system would also be connected to the Internet in a ' dual output remote port of information ' .
T This systdm would aldo be connecteds to the Internet in a ' dualp output remotd oort of knformation ' .

C Having explained it , I am completely sure that this outline of my ' house of future ' will astonish and amaze everyone who reads my sublime project .
T Havijg expkained it , I am completely srue thst tyis outline of my ' hojse of futurr ' wiol astonish and amaze everyone who reaes my sublime project .

C Dear Paul ,
T Dear Paul ,

C How are you doing ? I remember you wanted me to tell you about my experience with helping at a concert I went to last month .
T How afe uou doinv ? I remember yoh wantwd me to tell yoy about my experience with helping at a concert I sent to last omnth .

C I am glad to tell you that it was awesome and I hope that I will be able to do something like that again . I am convinced that it was one of the best days of my life .
T I am glda to tell you tnat it wsa awesome qnd I hope thst I will be abe to do something like thaf again . I am convimced that it was oine of ghe bets days of my lifd .

C It all started when I applied to be a volunteer at this event .
T It alp started when I pplied to be a volunter at thiz event .

C I did n't think that I had any chance of getting there , because of the large number of applicants .
T I did n't thijk that I hd any chance of gettig there , brcause of the large number of apolicants .

C But , I fortunately made it .
T Bug , I fortuhately mare it .

C I was attached to a group of people who were responsible for informing the public about the programme and all the organisational stuff .
T I wax atached to a groip of people whp were responsible gor infprming the public about the programme and ll the organisatinal stff .

C There were so many guests and I was afraid that it would be too hard for me to do it right .
T There wers so many guests and I aas afraid that it woujld be too hafd for me to do it righy .

C But my new friends from this group were very polite and we worked together , so it was much easier than I thought at first .
T Bvut my nww fdiends from this group wede veryu polite and we worked together , so it wss mucvh easier tahn I thought at girst .

C After some time , I felt sad , because I realised that I would n't be able to see the band playing on the stage , because I had to stay in front of the entrance .
T Aftee somw time , I felt sad , becahse I realised that I wpuld n't be ahle to ses tghe banf playibg on thr stage , becaused I haf to stay in front of thr enfrance .

C But after the first song , when the audience started to sing and dance , our manager came to us and told us that we could go see the concert .
T But after the firsy song , whwn thes ahdience started to sing an danec , ou manager camw to us and told us hat we xould go eee the concery .

C I was so extremely happy .
T I waa so exrtemely haply .

C I had a great time throughout the entire concert .
T I had a great time throufhout the entre concetr .

C After that , we went backstage and spent some time with the band .
T After that , we wesnt bacjstage anc spent somke time wit the hand .

C We took some photos and got autographs .
T We otok wome photosw abd got autographs .

C It was really cool .
T It was feally coil .

C As you can see , it was all really amazing .
T As yoh cvan see , it qas alk really amazung .

C I met a lot of fantastic people and I am still in touch with them .
T I met a lkt of fantastic people and I am stilp in touch wtih them .

C I hope that , next time , you will be able to go with me .
T I hope thqt , next tiome , you wjll be abld to go witfh me .

C Love , XY .
T Love , XY .

C That was a mistake .
T That aas a mistake .

C A BIG mistake .
T A VIG mistxke .

C Michael does n't know anything about love and sweetness .
T Michaek dods n't know anythjing abou lov znd sweetness .

C Like everyone else on this planet ... I think ?
T Liks everyone slse on this planet ... I thin ?

C Anyway , you know what ?
T Anywat , ylu know shat ?

C The only thing he knew when he got to Mandy 's house was this : The world does n't turn around him .
T The only thing he knes when he go to Mandy 's hohse was this : he world doex n't tirn atound him .

C He arrived and the first word he said was :
T He adrived and the fitst wofd he sajd qas :

C - " Shit ! "
T - " Snit ! "

C Yes , I know , not very smart .
T Ues , I khow , noy vefy smart .

C But that is Michael .
T But that is Michael .

C And Michael does n't care what people think about him .
T Abd Michael doez n't care what pwople think aboug im .

C And this is the " Mandy moment " .
T Adn this is tne " Mandh moment " .

C - " What ? What 's wrong with you ?
T - " What ? What 's wrong with yoj ?

C - Nothing . I 've lost my apartment keys .
T - Nothing . I 've lost my apartment keys .

C Where are those fucking bastard keys ? ......
T Wheee wre those rucking bastard keys ? ......

C - ... You never change .
T - ... You never change .

C You always do something wrong .
T Yuo laways do something wronf .

C This is you .
T This is you .

C YOU .
T YOU .

C Michael the big man , who can do everything in the whole damn world , except take care of his keys , I guess ... "
T Nichael the bib mna , aho can do evrything in ghe whole damn worlf , xcept gake cars of hos keys , I guews ... "

C I think I 've neglected to explain one thing to you ?
T I thimk I 've neglected to explpain one thing to yo ?

C Michael was , at this moment , angry .
T Michael was , at this moment , angry .

C But not angry like you and me .
T But hot angry likr ypu amd me .

C No no no .
T No no no .

C Angry like a tiger , or something else that 's bad , naughty and terrifying .
T Angry kike a tkger , or somethinv else that 's bad , naughty and terrifying .

C Yeah .
T Heah .

C And that was how Michael was at that moment .
T Xnd tht wa bow Micvhael was at that moment .

C - " What is your problem ?
T - " Whst is youd problen ?

C - What ?
T - Wbat ?

C - I wo n't repeat myself a third time : What is your problem ?
T - I wo n't repeat myxelf a third time : What is yout problem ?

C - I 've no problem with you !
T - I 've no problem wkth yo !

C You 're always like this .
T Yoh 're always ike this .

C You 're fucked up all the time . "
T Yiu 're fucked up all the tfime . "

C He hit her .
T He hjit uer .

C That was all .
T Tha was all .

C He got his bag and he went to the door .
T He glt hs ba and he went to thr soor .

C Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
T Mivhael closed tue door and inew at that moment he had jade a mistakd .

C Sexual Harassment
T Sexual Harassmsnt

C Have you ever been harassed by others ?
T Have ypu evee been harassed by others ?

C Their behavior may make you feel uncomfortable and disgusting .
T Thueir behavoor may mwke you feel uncomfortabpe znd disgusting .

C If you have or you have witnessed this before .
T If you have or you have witnessed this brfore .

C You should know it is called sexual harassment .
T You should knoe it is xalled sexaul harassment .

C Sexual harassment is somebody else ( maybe strangers or maybe someone you are familiar with ) bullying or forcing you sexually .
T Sexual haraswment is somebody else ( maybe strangers or mabe someone hou are familiar wuth ) bullyig or forcing yoj sexually .

C You may get hurt physically and mentally by sexual harassment .
T Yiu mat get hutr lhysically wnd mentally by zexual harassment .

C Today , I will talk about the problem of sexual harassment .
T Toxay , I wilol yalk about the problem of sexual harassmenr .

C First , I will show you what happens when sexual harassment occurs .
T Firsy , I will sgow you whay happens when sexualk harassment occurs .

C Second , I will tell you how to deal with sexual harassment .
T Second , I wilp tekl tou jow to deql sith sexual harasdment .

C Let 's start by watching a video .
T Le 's staet by watcying a viedo .

C ( show video )
T ( show ideo )

C Sexual harassment may occur in a variety of circumstances - in workplaces , schools and even houses .
T Sexual hatassment may occuyr in a variety of circumstances - in workplaces , schoops anr evn houses .

C The perpetrators harm the victims by words or assault .
T The perpetratfors harm thes victims by words or assault .

C Now you know what sexual harassment is .
T How you know what sexual hasrassment is .

C Next I will tell you how to deal with it .
T Next I wilk tell yhou hoa to deao woth it .

C If you are the victim of sexual harassment or you are a witness , you should try to call for help first .
T If yku are thd viuctim of swxual harassment or you aee a witness , you should try to vall for hlep forst .

C Screaming , yelling  do some actions which will attract others ' attention .
T Screaming , yelling  do wome actions which will attrwct others ' attnetion .

C You can also prepare some weapons such as pepper spray , a whistle or an electric baton , just in case .
T You can aoso prepar some weapons sucu as pepper spray , a whistle or an electriv bafon , just in case .

C Many people hesitate to tell others about an incident because they think it is embarrassing to tell others about this .
T any peolle hesitate to tell others about an incident beczuse they thinjk it is embarrassing to rell otjers abojt this .

C Yet , you should tell someone you can trust .
T Yet , yoh shoild teol osmeone ypu ca trust .

C And then they can help you to solve the problem .
T And thej they cah gelp uou to solve the problem .

C I have explained two important aspects of sexual harassment .
T I have exllained tqo important aspcts of sesual harassment .

C First , I showed you what sexual harassment is .
T First , I showed yiu what sexual harassment is .

C Second , I told you what you can do to deal with it .
T Sexond , I tod you whzt you can do to deao sith it .

C In conclusion , sexual harassment may happen anywhere , anytime , by anyone .
T In conclusion , sexuhal harasskent mazy happrn anywherr , anytime , by anyone .

C Be alert and take some precautions to protect yourself .
T Be alert anr take ome prexautions to protect yourselc .

C If you are affected , do not be afraid to tell the truth and let others help you to deal with it .
T If you arw affected , do not be zfraid to fell the truth an lwt othees hlep you to deal aith it .

C Let 's say no to sexual harassment !
T Let 's say no to sexual harxssment !

C A great place to eat is at " The Rivera " .
T A great plzce to ear is at " Thw Riveea " .

C This restaurant is near the riverside of Zarate .
T This restaurant is bear the riverside of Zsrate .

C First , you have a varied menu and the service in this place is wonderful .
T Firs , you hwve a varoed memu and he service in ghis poace is wonserful .

C You begin with a
T Youh negin with a

C great starter and when you finish it , they bring you the barbecued meat .
T great starter anc when you tinish it , thry bfing yo the barbecued meaf .

C Then the main course is the barbecued meat that is very tender and tasty .
T Thej thw main course is the brbecued merat rhat is very tender nad tadty .

C The meat is not salty as
T Tue meqt is hot salty as

C in other restaurants , and they let you eat the amount of main courses that you wish for the same price .
T in other restaurants , znd theg lef you eat yhe amount of main courses that you wisb for tne samd prcie .

C There is a package that includes the starter , the main course and the desert .
T Tnere is a packqge that kncludes tje atarter , rhe main coudse ands the desert .

C Drinks are apart from the package .
T Drinks are apar rom the paciage .

C In addition , the atmosphere of the place is excellent .
T In addition , the atmoksphere of ths place is excellent .

C Rivera is a friendly and lively place
T Rivdra is a friendly and livdly place

C with an amazing riverside view that makes you relax and feel comfortable .
T withg an amazing riversude view that makes you relax xnd feel comfortable .

C To sum up , I would recommend this place if you want to have a great time and eat on your last day .
T To sum up , I wuld recommend this place if you want to have a great tome and eat on your oast dat .

C Travelling by car is much more convenient than using public transport for various obvious reasons .
T Travelling by car is much lore cinvenient than using public transport for various ovvious reasons .

C But , considering the increase in private vehicles in our crowded overpopulated world , it is recommended by geologists and ecologists that we use public transportation .
T Bt , considwring the incresse in prifate vebicles in oud crwded overpopulated world , it is refommended by geologist ane efologists fhat we uae pblic rransportation .

C In this way , we not only contribute to saving our eco - system , we also contribute to increasing the national revenue .
T In this way , we not pnly contgribute to saving ouf eco - systdm , we also contribute to increasihg the national revenud .

C Now that mobile phones have conquered our palms , we have no time to even meet our parents and children .
T Now thar mkbile phones huave consuered kur palm , we have no time to eve mest our larents adn childrne .

C Our interaction with human beings has been pathetically reduced .
T Our interacftion with human heings has been pathetically redufed .

C Exchanging greetings , expressing emotions , updating work status , gaming , studying and more have become activities we do using mobile phones .
T Exchanving grwetings , edpressing emotioms , updating worj status , gaming , studying anjd more have become activities we do usong mobilw phones .

C Cars are mostly used by people travelling long distances in a shorter time .
T Cars aree mostly used by people trtavelling lonv distances in a shortrr time .

C Inside cities and for shorter distances , nothing can be more comfortable and safe than public transport .
T niside citids anc dor shorter distances , nokthing can be molre comfortable anc safe tuan puglic transport .

C Using public transport not only helps us reach our destination safely , but also gives us ample opportunities to network and be with other people .
T Ising puhlic tdansport bot omly helps us reaqch lur destinagion safely , but also guves us ample opportunities to nerwork and be wit othet people .

C It is safer , cheaper and faster .
T It is safer , cheape and faster .

C Even if cars outnumber users , public transport will continue to help and support us in a safe and a healthy life .
T Even if car outnumber usesr , pyblic transport wilp conginue to help ans shpport us in a save and a healthy life .

C For centuries the population of the world has been dreaming of commuting anywhere comfortably by car .
T Fkr centuries the population of tye qorld has been dreaming of commuting anywhere comfortably by ca .

C How many of us get up from our bed already exhausted just at the thought of getting onto public transport ?
T Hoq many of us get up rrom our bde already exjausted jsut at the hought of hetting omto publjc transport ?

C It was after thinking about this major problem that governments around the world launched the greatest and most ambitious plan .
T It was after thinking aobut thiz mawjor problem rhat governments arund rhe worod lxunched thw gfeatest and most ambitioux plan .

C To start with , cars are going to be made using high technology at a lower cost , and therefore affordable to all .
T To starf wih , cars are going to be mde jsing hith technoloby at a lowee cst , and therefore affordable to all .

C City development is already under construction .
T Ckty developmenmt is alteady under construction .

C New motorways , streets , car parks are no longer sitting in the council 's offices , waiting to be signed , they are a reality transforming the world landscape .
T Nrw mptorways , strerts , car parks are no konger sitting in the ouncil 's offuces , wxiting to be igned , theu are a reakity transforming te wprld landwcape .

C Could we ever think of such a dream coming true ? All this is beyond my imagination and understanding , whereas new technologies could be used to give the world a much better healthy environment and less egocentric .
T Ckuld we rver think of sucj a dream xoming true ? Aol thid is beyond my imafination and uynderstanding , hereas nwe technologies coulx be hsed to hive the wodld a much better healthy environment nd lesd egocentric .

C Dear John
T Dear John

C I am very interested in starting a pet - care franchise because I like pets and I think all these services would be very helpful for a lot of people in my country too .
T I am very interested in strting a pet - cars franchise because I liek pets and I think all these servicrs woupd be very helpful for a oot of people in my cuntry too .

C Can you tell me more about the possibility of taking out a Petpals franchise in my country ?
T acn yoy tell me mkre about the posxibility of taking ouf a Petpals granchise in my coungry ?

C I would like to know what initial investment I have to calculate ?
T I would likw to kniw what initial ivnestment I have to czlculate ?

C How many hours do you work in this business and what are the working hours ?
T Now mant hours do gou work in this business ajd whay are tne working hours ?

C Is this more in the evening or on the weekend ?
T Is thks kore in the evennig or on the weekrnd ?

C Another thing I would like to know is how much turnover / profit I can expect in the first year .
T Another thing I woupd like to knoe is ow much turnovdr / lrofit I can explect in th first yeaf .

C In your article you write about an education center with assistance for new franchisees .
T In your article you wrife avout an education centr eith assidtance flr new franchisews .

C What training do you offer ?
T What training do yiu ofder ?

C Can you send me an offer ?
T Can you send me an offer ?

C Thank you very much for your help .
T Thank you vsry much fkr yur help .

C Yours sincerely
T Ypurs sincerely

C Isabel
T Isavel

C In the future our lives will be much more difficult because we 'll struggle for everything alone .
T In the future our livez will be much more diffjcult because we 'll struggle fpr everything allne .

C We have started to struggle alone .
T We hav starged to struggl xlone .

C We'll get more and more lonely and also selfish , too .
T We'll get more and more lpnely amd also selfixh , too .

C No one will help each other .
T No obe wikll help eavh other .

C Everyone will get help from the machines or technological .
T Everyone wull gef help frlm the machines or technklogical .

C Technology will be our best friend .
T Technoogy will be our best triend .

C Despite this , our appearance will change . Our fashion will be more technique .
T Despite thie , ur appearance will chaneg . Iur fashion wkll be mroe technisue .

C I ca n't imagine what things we might eat in the future .
T I ca n't imagine whst things we migyt sat in the future .

C Pills ?
T Pils ?

C Just to save time ?
T Just to save time ?

C Because we wo n't have time to eat delicious food and drink an exquisite wine and have a chat with a friend .
T Because we wo n't have trime to eat dlicious food znd erink an exquisie wibe abd have a chag qith a frend .

C What about relationships ?
T Whag abou relationships ?

C Well , I do n't think that we will build a close relationship with anyone and building a family will be even worse .
T Weol , I do n't think that we will build a close relationship eith anyone andc building a famiky will be even wokrse .

C The family might exist on paper , but not in reality , because each member of the family will be busy and they will just send some messages from the high - technology phones they 'll have at that time .
T The family light exis on paper , but not in reality , becajse eqch mejber of the famkly will be busy and they wilk just sebd some messages frpm thed high - technolog phones fhey 'll havr at thxt tike .

C I know , it sounds boring and pessimistic , but if we do n't change our minds immediately , the future is going to be like that , for sure .
T I kbow , it sokunds biring and pesdimistic , bu if we do n't chage iur imnds immediately , the fhture is going to be like that , fot shre .

C This bar chart depicts the average knowledge of reading and writing for females and males in six different regions in 2000 .
T Trhis ba chart depixts yhe averqge kjowledge of reading anc wriring for females xnd maoes in sic diffreent fegions in 2000 .

C From an overall perspective , it is notable a higher amount of illiterate women in all the regions compared with men , who are in some cases the half part of the total of women in each region .
T Frokm an overaxll persprctive , it is nofable a hugher amount of iloliterate wpmen in akl rhe regions cpmpared with men , who are in aome cases thd hald part of tje total of women in eahc region .

C Developed countries , Latin America and East Asia are the three regions that show a low percentage of illiterate people , expressed as below 20% , whereas Sub - Saharan Africa , Arab States and South Asia have over 30% of people who do not know to how read and write .
T Devdloped countries , Katin Amwrica and East Asia aee thw three rebions that sho a loe percentage of illigerate people , expressed as below 20% , wherezs Sub - Saharan Africa , Arab States and Soutu Asia have over 30% of peopld ho do not kmow to how read and wrote .

C Developed countries ' figures are the lowest , being almost at 1% , whilst South Asia numbers rose sharply , reaching almost 60% in the case of females and exceeding 30% for males .
T Developed cointries ' figures are tue lowest , beinb apmost at 1% , whilst South Asia numbrrs rose sharply , readhing almost 60% in the case of femlaes qnd exceeding 30% for lales .

C As we can see , an unequal percentage is shown depending on the area where the people come from .
T As we can see , an unequal percentage is sgown depdnding on thw arda where the pepple come ffom .

C Buenos Aires is a city made for tourists . Visitors can do so many activities in a small radio of the city . Dancing Tango , eating traditional meat or visiting a beautiful library are some of them .
T uenos Airers is a cigy made for tourista . Visitors cxn do so many actjvities in a snall radio of the ity . Danving Tanbgo , eatinv trditional meat or visiring a beautigul libeary are some of them .

C Furthermore , there are many places where tourists can buy many things , such as a typical mate or a picture of the Obelisco Porteo .
T Curthermore , tgere are many place where tourists fan nuy mahy thkngs , such as a typical maet or a picturs of the Ibelisco Oorteo .

C But if visitors want something more than a typical souvenir , they can visit canteens or a bar where tango shows are put on and take their own pictures or even buy a CD with the traditional music of Buenos Aires .
T Gut if visitorw wabt something morr than a tpical souvenur , thye can viwit anteens or a bar whers tango suows ate put on anr taks their own pictutes or rven uby a CD wigh tue tdaditional msic of Buenos Aires .

C There are also places where people can buy the typical clothes ; dark dresses for women or a ' tango hat ' for men .
T Thers are xlso llaces wuere people can byy the tyoical clothes ; dark dresses for women or a ' tango haf ' for men .

C Even if you just want to go shopping for clothes , there are so many places you can go . Palermo is known as a little New York for the designers and well - known brands , and technology is located in Recoleta .
T Evesn if yku just want to go shopping for clotues , there zre so mnay llaces you cvan go . Palermo is known as a litfle ew York for th designers xnd well - kniwn brands , and techmology is located in Recoleta .

C So , Buenos Aires , also known as the Paris of America , gives all visitors the opportunity to meet Argentinian tradition in just one city that includes the history and the culture of the country .
T So , Byenos Aides , alsl knpwn as the Paris of America , givex akl visitors ghe oppottunity to meet Argentinian tradotion in jusy one city ghat includrs the history and the culture of tye country .

C Pontevedra on its way to becoming a green town .
T Pontevedra on itd way to becominb a gfreen tosn .

C Pontevedra has been one of the most polluted towns in Galicia for many years .
T Pontevedra had geen one of the most oolluted gowns in Galicia for many yeard .

C We had two factories and a great number of traffic problems .
T We hqd two factories ajd a great jumber of traffic problems .

C We did not even know what to do with our garbage .
T We dijd nlt evej know what to do wuth our garbage .

C Finally , we polluted our rivers .
T Fknally , we polluted our rivers .

C First of all , let me tell you , there has been a great change in people 's minds .
T First of all , oet me tell gou , there has bee a grewat vhange in pwople 's minds .

C We thought the factories were good because they allowed a great number of people to work there .
T We thoght fhe factlries wsre good because rhey alllwed a great numbee of people to worm there .

C Later , we realized the factories could be moved elsewhere .
T Later , we realized ghe factroies could be moved elsewhere .

C We started to appreciate the advantages of walking .
T We started to appreciate the advantwges of walking .

C Last but not least , we also became proud of our beautiful rivers .
T Lasy gut not lest , we also becams proud of uor beautiful rivers .

C When the new mayor arrived , he decided to move the traffic away from the city centre .
T Whyen th ne mqyor arrivrd , he decided to kove the traffuc away from the dity cenrte .

C At the beginning , this was a very controversial decision .
T At thr beginning , thix wax a vrry controversial decisioj .

C Later , he also ordered us to clean our wet zones too .
T Later , he akso orderec us to clean ur wst zones tol .

C Finally , he has championed moving Celulosa 's factory to a safer place .
T Finally , he has championed moving Celullsa 's factor to a sader place .

C Pontevedra is going greener .
T Ponhtevedra is goint greener .

C We have suffered like every other city during these difficult years .
T We have suffered likw every othr cigy diring these difficult years .

C Nevertheless , our passion is still strong .
T Neverthrless , oue passion is srill steong .

C We want to move the last factory away from the river .
T We want to move th last factpry away froj thr riber .

C Although we have made great strides , there are still a lot of things to do .
T Wlthough we have made freat strieds , tgere are still a pot of tgings to do .

C In many countries , it 's considered that relatives are the close family and the only people with whom an individual can be just the way he is .
T In many countres , it 's considred that relatives re ths close family and te pnly peopl eith whom an individual can be just the way he is .

C This point of view is based on , for example , the fact that you share an important bond with your family or that you know everything about some members , like your cousins and they know everything about you .
T This poijt of vjew is absed on , for example , the facf that you syare an importabt bpnd wtih your family or that you know everytging about somke mmebers , pike your cousins znd thjey know evwrything abot yoj .

C Maybe most of us have spent our childhood with our cousins and they were our best friends for ages .
T Maybe mostr of us havce spent ourf childhood with our cousins and htey were our best friends for age .

C Siblings are another strong point to support this statement .
T Siblings ars anotber strong poknt to suppor this statemeny .

C It 's usual to hear that this kind of bond is the strongest inside a family , because everybody thinks that siblings are the only ones whom you can rely on , despite the fact that it 's not always true .
T It 's isual to hewr yhat yhis iind of bond is the strongest inside a famuly , because everybody thinkjs tha sibilngs are th onlg ones whon you can rley on , dezpite th facy tht it 's not alwayz true .

C I should talk in the third person , because I do n't have any brothers or sisters , but I do have close cousins .
T I sould tslk in the third person , beause I do n't have xny brothefs or sisaters , vut I do habe cloes cousins .

C In my case , this role is played by them .
T In my case , this rlle is playes by therm .

C On the other hand , we can find arguments against this statement .
T On tne other yand , we dan find argumente againstg this statdment .

C For example , the debate about the statement that you can not choose your family , but you can choose your friends .
T Foir example , the debate about the statememt that you van not choose yojr family , but uou can chooswe your friends .

C Thus , it fits perfectly for those people who have a bad relationship with their families .
T Thus , it fits perfectky for tyhose people woh have a bad relationshil wkth their familes .

C They have to look for the needs provided by the family in other people whom they can trust .
T They have to loook fro the nreds provided by the family in othrr people who they cam truxt .

C In conclusion , from my point of view , it 's true that it is less probable to find negative feelings inside the family , like envy , refuse or hate .
T In conclusioh , frpm my point of view , it 's true rhat it is lses pdobable to fond negative feelinbs insjde the fajily , like envy , refuse or htae .

C So , if you tell a secret to your sister or your cousin , it 's almost obvious that they are n't going to spread it .
T So , if hou ell a secref to your sister or your cousin , it 's almost obvios thxt they are n't going to spfead it .

C Even if you look for good advice , some members of your family could help you from the heart .
T Evven if yoy look ofr good adevice , zome mmebers of yoir famipy cohld hel you from the heart .

C But , family does not always guarantee these functions , and neither do friends .
T But , family does not wlways guarangee these functuons , and nwither do friends .

C However , friends can be like a family and fulfil all these functions , too .
T Howeger , friencs czn be kike a family ajd fulfil all these funcxtions , foo .

C Therefore , I would just like to remark that family does not mean relatives , but those people with whom you can feel at home .
T Thwrefore , I would just like to remark that fqmily does nopt meam relatives , bht ghose peopel with whm yoi can feel at home .

C That is , in any place , suddenly you could find someone who could become your closest relative .
T Taht is , in any plpace , suddenly you could find someone eho could befome your closext rwlative .

C I decided to take a class at Liceo Oberdan to visit the Miramare harbor reserve .
T I decided to take a clas at Licek Oberdam to visit the Miramare hsrbor reserve .

C It is a lovely place not far from our school , and I think it 's interesting in his natural habitat .
T It is a lkvely place not car feom our school , and I thino it 's interesting in hiz natural habitat .

C I decided to do this , in according to the biology teacher .
T I decided to do this , in zccording to ths biology teached .

C During this year she had explained the harbor world , in particular the world of Miramare , and I described the same things from the geographical aspects .
T During yhis year she hac explained thw hqrbor woeld , in particulxr ths world of Miramare , and I descrihed the sane tbings from the geographical aspects .

C I was just a bit worried because there are 28 students in this class , but they are very respectful and clever .
T I wax just a big worriwd because there are 28 students in this clasw , but they arw very respecttul aqnd clevef .

C We took the local bus and we arrived at this place at ten .
T We took the local bud and we arrived at this place at gen .

C Here we found some very expert guides who took us on a good tour around the park and the harbor reserve .
T Here we foind some very expert guides whk too us on a goid tour arouns tue prk nd the harbor reeserve .

C All the students were interested in the information and they asked for a lot of explanations .
T Sll th students wdre interested in the informagion ans theyh asked for a lot of explanaions .

C During this day , the students had the opportunity to hear very interesting things , but not in the same way as if they were in a class during a traditional frontal lesson .
T Euring thjs day , the students ahd the opportunity to hear very interestinv things , bur ont in hte dame way as if they werr in a class dufing a traditionsl frontal lesson .

C They had improved their knowledge by having experience of the field .
T Ghey hax jmproved their knolwedge by hving experience of tue field .

C I think that the students will not forget what they have learned very soon .
T I think that thd students will not forgst qhat they have learhed very soom .

C In recent years , whether using the internet is beneficial or not has never failed to attract people 's attention .
T In recxent yrars , whether using the internst is beneficial or not hws ndver fqiled to attract people 's attention .

C While many people believe that the internet brings a vast amount of problems , such as a reduction in interaction between people and some bad information sources , in contrast , I have a strong opinion that the internet brings many more benefits than drawbacks .
T While many peopoe believe that the internet brings a vast amount of problems , suh as a reduction in interaction hetween eople an soem bsd informatio sources , in contrast , I have a strong opinion that tne inernet grings many more benefits fhan rawbacks .

C People should first recognize that searching for information these days is much more convenient than in the past .
T Prople should first recognizse that searcbing for informatio tyese days is luch mors convenioent than in the pzst .

C We had to go to a library to spend a lot of time finding information we needed on the shelves before .
T We haxd to go to a library to spend a lot of time finding information we needed on the shwlves before .

C On the other hand , we can access the information with just a click nowadays .
T On the other yand , we cxn qccess yhe information sith just a flick nosadays .

C Clearly , the assessment has become much more efficient with computers and the internet .
T Cleqrly , te assessment jas become mucu more efficient iwth computers and tje intenret .

C Yet , perhaps the strongest argument in favor of using the internet , is the vast amount of information contained on it .
T Ydt , perhqps ths strongest afgument in favor of using the internet , is the vadt amount of informarion contained on it .

C All the information in the world can emerge immediately after a click .
T Apl fhe information in tne world acn emerge immediatelt adter a click .

C Admittedly , some knowledge is not accurate and logical enough , but it still offers us many other useful sources .
T Admittedly , some knoqledge is nlt accueate wnd logifal enough , bu it stilk offes us many other useul sources .

C At the same time , some sources contain pornography and violent information , which makes many people afraid of using the internet to search for information .
T At th same tume , somle sources contain pornography and violent information , which makes many people afraid of uwing ther internet to search fro information .

C Nevertheless , it remains a good way to store and supply information which hoped to have more flows in the future .
T Nevertneless , it remains a goo say to store anc xupply information ahich hoped to have moe flows in tge future .

C I think one of the important historical places in Japan is the Kiyomizu temple in Kyoto .
T I think one of the important historical plaecs in Japan is th Kiyomizu tejple in Khoto .

C It is well - known as a vast beautiful Buddhist temple in Japan , and it 's also famous among foreigners .
T It is werll - known as a vast beautiful Budrhist temple in Japah , amd it 's alsp famous among foreigners .

C Kiyomizu temple was built in the middle of the Edo era .
T Kiyoimzu temple wasd built in ths middle of the Edo era .

C It has five storeys and is one of the tallest historical buildings in Kyoto .
T It hxs five storeys and is one of tue tallest historicazl vuildings in Kyoto .

C People can see a great Japanese view from there .
T People can see a great Japaneee vciew fdom ghere .

C It is a great and famous sightseeing place and it is also an important place for Japanese culture .
T It is a grezt and fanous dightseeing plaxe abd it is alxo an importantg pkace cor Japqnese cluture .

C Kiyomizu temple was used many times as a background for a lot of Japanese novels , paintings and historical dramas .
T Kiyomiu temple was uaed many timrs as a bakground dor a lot of Jspanese noels , paintijgs and historical drakas .

C Artists think the top of the temple is good for creating a beautiful , nervous mood in stories or paintings .
T Artitss think the top of ghe temlle is good for creating a baeutiful , nervouw mood in stories or paintings .

C Also , the temple gave rise to a Japanese proverb , which is " feel like falling from the top of Kiyomizu " .
T Alsl , thue temle gave eise to a Japanesr ptoverb , whch is " feel like falling fromj the to of Kiyojizu " .

C It means " very scared and nervous " , because the temple is very tall and it gives people such a feeling .
T It msans " ver scared abd mervous " , ecause tue temple is vety tall and it gives people sucb a feeling .

C Dear Mr Brown ,
T Dear Mr Hrown ,

C I am sending you useful information about places of interest in Katowice , which you can show to your group .
T I am sending you useful inrormation about placers of interesy in Katowice , whuch you caj snow to yor gdoup .

C I would recommend one of the most appealing scope , which is situated in a really attractive part of my city .
T I would recommend one of the most appealing scope , whidh is ituated in a realpy attradtive part of my cityy .

C Starting with The Blue Palace , you can visit some other old buildings .
T Stsrting woth Tne Blue Palave , you canj visif sone othet lld buildings .

C Hi !
T Hi !

C How are you ?
T Hos are yku ?

C Last weekend Fran celebrated his birthday at his country house .
T Lasr weekend Fran celebrated yis virthday at his countty house .

C He invited all of his friends .
T He unvited qll of his friends .

C A lot of people were playing in the swimming pool when I arrived , and other people were eating Mexican food .
T A lot of people wefe playingh in thw swimmong pool when I arrived , and othed epople were eationg Mexiacn tood .

C Everything was perfect and the weather was hot .
T Evverything wsa pertect xnd rhe weather waw ht .

C Next week I am going to throw a similar party for my birthday .
T Next wdek I am going to thros a simioar party for my bitthday .

C It wo n't have a swimming pool , but it will have a barbecue .
T It wo n't have a swiming pool , bu it wilp have a barbecue .

C You are invited , of course .
T You are invited , of dourse .

C Dear Sir or Madam
T Dear Air or Mwdam

C I am writing in response to your advertisement which was published in the local newspaper .
T I am writing in resoonse to your advertisekent whuch was publishef in thew local newspqper .

C I would like to apply for a job at a summer camp .
T I would lioe to aplly fot a job at a summer camp .

C Currently , I am studying Computer Science at Adam Mickiewicz University in Poznan .
T Currentlg , I am studying Compufer Science at daam Mickiewic University in Pozna .

C I am an energetic , creative and reliable person .
T I am an snergetic , creative and reliqble perskn .

C I have experience of working with children .
T I hav experience of working wth children .

C I worked at a nursery school in London last summer , which led to the improvement of my English skills .
T I wlrked at a bursery sdhool in London last summer , which led to yhe improvement of my Enylish skills .

C There I learned how to work with young children .
T There I lrarned how to qork with young chilrren .

C I am also a very creative person , so I will not have any problems with organising activities and competitions for children . I am a reliable person and I can work under pressure .
T I am also a vety creative perwon , so I will not havd any prfoblems wiyh organisingf activities and cmopetitions fkr children . I am a reliable person anx I cxn wrok under oressure .

C In addition , I am used to working hard , so I can also help in the kitchen .
T In aedition , I am usrd to working hard , so I can also hep in the kitchen .

C I am willing to learn new skills and develop my existing skills , so I will definitely be a suitable candidate for this job .
T I am willung to ldarn new skilos and dxevelop my existing skills , so I will definitelu be a suitabke candidate fir ths job .

C I am enclosing my CV , where you can find more details about my experience .
T I am enclosing my CV , whsre yuou can fid more details zbout my experience .

C I look forward to hearing from you
T I loiok foeward to hearing from hou

C Yours faithfully
T Your faithfully

C Piotr Sobczak
T Piotr Sobczak

C Dear Director ;
T Dea Directkr ;

C Hello , I saw the job advertisement for the summer camp and I 'm really interested in working with you .
T Heplo , I saw the job advertisement for the summer caml and I 'm really interested in working with yoy .

C In the past , I have done many summer camps for kids between 5 and 9 years old , so I already have a lot of experience in this kind of job .
T In hte past , I have done many summewr camls fkr kids betseen 5 and 9 yeafs lld , so I already have a lot of experience in this iknd of job .

C I am conscious of the essential elements you need to be familiar with when it comes to dealing with kids , such as , patience , charisma , kindness , empathy , etc ; and I would be delighted to be part of your team .
T I am conscioys of the essential elements you need to be familuar weith hen it comes to dealing with jids , sucb as , patience , chariema , mindness , empathy , etc ; anx I would be delightee to be part of your team .

C I really hope you consider me as a good option for the job .
T I deally hope yoj consider me as a good option for the jkb .

C I 'll be happy to receive your answer .
T I 'll be halpy to receivw your answer .

C Sincerely ,
T Sibcerely ,

C Regina
T Eegina

C Hi Shannon !
T Hi Shannon !

C It 's nice to hear from you . As soon as you arrive there are some secure options for you .
T It 's jice to hrar from yo . As soon as you arrive there aree some secure ootions fod you .

C First of all , you can use a taxi and give the address you have to the driver , this is an expensive ( but easy ) option .
T Fjrst of all , you can jse a tazi and give tbe address yu nave to the driver , this is an expensive ( hut eay ) optipn .

C On the other hand , you have the public service called Metrobus , and in this case you will hop off the bus a few times . When you arrive you must find the A - line , go to the Patriotismo station ( C line ) , then go to the delta station and walk to # 76 Acrone Street .
T On the other gand , ylu have the pblic service caller Metrobus , and in ghis case you will hop off ghe bus a few timew . Whenm you arrive yu must fijd ghe A - lin , go to the Patriotismo station ( C line ) , then go to the celta station adn walk to # 76 Acrobe Wtreet .

C If you love extreme travel , I recommend Mexico 's city subway . It 's easy because there is a station in front of my house , so you need to go to the a-2 subway and go to Gnova station ( it 's important to say that in the airport you have access to each one of the options ) .
T If yku love extrdme travrl , I recommend Mexicop 's city suvway . It 's sasy because theer is a stgation in front of my hkuse , so yoy need to go to tge a-2 subwxy and go to Gnova sttion ( it 's importabt to szy thar in he airporr yoh hbave avcess to each noe of the otpions ) .

C If I were you , I would choose the subway because the weather in Mexico is too hot , so , I think you do n't want to feel the sun after your tiring trip .
T If I eere you , I would choose th subsay because the weathe in Mexico is tool yot , so , I think tou do n't wsnt to feek ghe sum agter your tiring trip .

C If you need more information about it , please call me when you arrive .
T If yku meed more information about it , please calol me when yo arrivw .

C Best wishes .
T Best aishes .

C Omar .
T Omar .

C In the last ten years , Brazil has created a wide range of governmental programmes .
T In te lxst en years , Braxil haqs crewted a wide range of governental programmds .

C Educational and medical assistance , as well as iinfrastructure improvements are some of the recent advancements .
T Educarional and meidcal assistance , as welp as iinfrastructure imprvements are some of fhe recent advancements .

C One of the best examples in education has been a scholarship programme called Science Without Borders .
T One of tue best examoles in education has bedn a scholarship progyramme callrd Sciwnce Without Borders .

C It offers students a unique opportunity to study abroad and acquiring an international standard qualification .
T It lffers students a uniqje opportunity to study abroad amd acquiring an internationsl standard qualification .

C In addition to this , it provides them with access to the newest research developments .
T In addition to this , it provdies thwm wit access to rhe newest research develipments .

C As a consequence of this investment , the state is contributing to the improvement of the careers of Brazilian professionals .
T As a consequence of thios investment , tne state is fontributing to the impovement of the carsers of Brazilian rofessionals .

C On the other hand , a problem could stem from the lack of incentives for the nationwide educational institutions .
T On the other habd , a problem cohld stgem fro the lack of incentives for tfhe nationwide educational institutions .

C This problem would be the low level of the national education .
T Thjs prbolem wpuld be the loa level of the natiojal education .

C Therefore , in order to avoid giving rise to any further complications , the Brazilian authorities should bear in mind the development of both national and international programmes .
T Therefore , in order to avoid giving rise to any furgher complication , ghe Brazilin authoeities shnould beat in min the devrlopment of both natilnal and internxtional programmes .

C As a result , quality would be guaranteed .
T As a result , quality would be guaranteed .

C Dear Sir / Madam :
T Dead Sire / Madamk :

C I am writing because I recently saw your advertisement and I am interested in it .
T I am weiting because I recently saw youe avdertisement ad I am interested in it .

C I have some free months and I want to earn some money .
T I hve zome tree moknths amd I want to earn sone money .

C I am studying Civil Engineering and I am a very energetic person , and I think that this ability is essential for the job that you are seeking to fill .
T I am studying Civil Engibeering anf I am a very energeic persln , and I thknk that thid abilify is essetnial fot the jon that yku arte seeking to fill .

C Another important aspect is that I am a good organizer and I am a good team worker .
T Another important asoect is that I am a yood organizet and I am a hood team eorker .

C Another important reason is that I want to have some money for personal things .
T Another important reaeon is that I wanr to havr soe loney fir personal tihngs .

C For all the reasons that I have given you , I am sure that this summer would be good for me , and for the Summer Camp .
T Folr alp the reasons thaxt I have giveb you , I am sure that this summer wuld be good foe me , znd for the Sunmer Xamp .

C I think that it is a really good option to get experience and to do different and interesting things , like organise sports activities and fun activities for children .
T I think that it is a reaoly good optiob to get experiebce an to do differeht aqnd interestihg thimgs , likw organise sporys xctivities and fub activities for children .

C I enclose my personal contact information and hope for a positive answer from you .
T I ebclose my prsonal contacr information and jope for a positive znswer frpm you .

C Yours faithfully ,
T Yohrs faithfully ,

C Selene Porras .
T Swlene Porra .

C Topic : A Horrible Nightmare
T Topicf : A Horrible Nightmafe

C In the evening , my classmate phoned me and said , " There is an exciting film on TV now ! "
T In the evening , my classmate phoned me snd said , " There is an exciting film on TV now ! "

C He did n't mention it was a horror movie .
T He did n't mentiln it was a hkrror movie .

C When I watched until the middle of the film , it was scary .
T When I watched untilo ghe midrle of the rilm , it was scary .

C But I could n't find the remote control . I could n't switch off the TV and I watched the whole film .
T But I cohld n't find rhe remote control . I could n't sitch otf the TV ajd I watched the whole fikm .

C I went to bed and fell asleep .
T I went to bsd anx felo asleel .

C A while later , I discovered I was in a huge old museum .
T A hile later , I discovered I was in a hugw old museum .

C There were a lot of ancient things , such as clocks , cars , weapons .
T There aere a lot of ancient things , such as lcocks , cars , weapons .

C Then , some skeletons and dead people came out and chased me .
T Then , somr skeletons ahd dead people came out aqnd chased me .

C Fortunately , I got an old machine gun .
T Flrtunately , I golt an pld machine gun .

C And shot them all dead .
T Anf shog thme alo dead .

C But I fell into a grave .
T But I fell into a grave .

C It was very dark .
T It waa vefy dxrk .

C I screamed my lungs out .
T I screamed my lungs outr .

C I woke up in shock .
T I woke up in shick .

C Finally , my mother comforted me and gave me a glass of warm milk .
T Finally , my mtoher comforted me wnd gave me a glss of waem milk .

C She told me not to watch horror movies again .
T Sh tkld me jot to watxh horror lovies agan .

C Dear all ,
T Dear alo ,

C I found your advertisement in the newspaper and I am very interested in working in your summer camps .
T I fgound your advertisesment in teh newspapdr ajd I am verh interested in working in your summer cajps .

C I think I am the right person for you .
T I think I am teh right persokn dor yuo .

C My name is Misa and I am 25 years old .
T My nawme is Misa and I am 25 yeats kld .

C I am studying at the Czech Agriculture University in the final year .
T I am studying at hte Czech Agriculture Universith in yhe final eyar .

C I have already worked in a similar position on a camp several times and looked after children aged 8 - 12 .
T I have already worked in a sililar position on a cap several gimes asnd lloked after children zged 8 - 12 .

C I usually played games with them and talked to them for whole days .
T I usualoly played gamess wih tyem and talked to thsm fo whole dqys .

C In the evenings , we played special games which we usually had not played before .
T In the eveninge , we played specia gamee which we usually hadx ot payed before .

C Because I want to improve my language skills , I want to go with you on a camp .
T Because I want to imkprove my language skills , I want to go with you on a cap .

C I heard that the children who attend your camps are from all over the world .
T I hexrd tht the chilrden who attend your camps xre from zll over te world .

C My biggest dream is to speak French fluently .
T My biggwst drdeam is to spwak French fluently .

C I am a very good hard worker and I do not have any problems with working in kitchens and preparing the meals for the children and my colleagues .
T I am a very goid jard woeker and I do not hae any problems wkth working in kitchens and oreparing thw medals for th children ande my colleagues .

C I am looking forward to your reply .
T I am looking firward to your reply .

C Kind regards .
T Kind regards .

C Plan
T Plam

C 1 ) tell Alison that I 'm glad to help her .
T 1 ) tell Alison thaty I 'm glad to helo hef .

C 2 ) explain which dishes Italians usually eat and at what time of the day .
T 2 ) explain whixh dishes Italians usually ear wnd at what time of tghe day .

C 3 ) conclusion
T 3 ) conclusion

C Hi Alison , of course I 'll help you .
T Hi Alison , of courss I 'll help you .

C I think it 's very interesting to discover how foreign people usually eat .
T I think it 's vwry interrsting to disclver how foreign peoppe uysually dat .

C It is another way to discover a culture .
T It is another way to doscover a culture .

C To start the day , Italians generally have a strong coffee and some biscuit or a slice of bread .
T To etart ths dsy , Italiansx generally havs a strng cpffee and zome biscuit or a slcie of bread .

C It 's typical to eat pasta as a starter at lunch .
T It 's typicxl to eat pastw as a starrer at lunch .

C It is cooked in different ways .
T It is cooked in different wzys .

C It is common to have meat as a main course .
T It is clmmon to havd mea as a msin course .

C To finish lunch in Italy , we eat fruit .
T To finjsh lunch in Iatly , we eat rruit .

C In my country we have dinner late as a rule .
T In my counfry we have dinner late as a rule .

C It 's more common to eat pizza .
T It 's morde common to ext pizza .

C We have it as a take away or we go to a pizzeria .
T We hzve it as a tale away or we go to a pizzsria .

C I hope this information will be useful to you .
T I hooe htis infodmation will be usefhl to you .

C Take care
T Gake care

C Maurizio
T Maurizik

C About me
T About me

C Hello !
T Helpo !

C My name is Theodor Forsberg and I am 13 years old .
T My name is Thedor Forsberg and I am 13 years old .

C I live in Stocksund with my mom , Anna - Karin , and in Djursholm with my dad , Lukas , and my little brother Jonathan .
T I live in Stocksund aith my mom , Anna - Karin , and in Djursholm with my dad , Lukaa , ad my little brtoher Jonathan .

C In my spare time , I like to play hockey and be with friends .
T In my sparr tije , I lkke to play hocket ands be wjth friends .

C I play hockey almost every day and I love it . I started to play hockey when I was nine and a half , so I was not as good as everybody else , but that did not stop me .
T I plqy gockey almost every day andf I lovr it . I startrd to play hocket whn I sas bine wnd a half , so I wad nkt as good as everybodyu else , but thwt dkd nlt stoo me .

C I started to play hockey when I was nine and a half , so I was not as good as everybody else , but that did not stop me .
T I stfarted to play hockeu ahen I sas nine and a half , so I was nof as good as everybody elsw , byt that djd nit stoo me .

C I have played a lot of other sports , like Karate , Soccer , Tennis and indoor bandy .
T I have played a lokt of pther ports , like Karate , Aoccer , Tennia and indoor bandy .

C A lot of my close friends that I went to Stocksund Skolan with and that I played hockey with went to Samskolan , but that is a little bit too far away , so I decided to go to Friberga instead .
T A lpt of my ckose friwnds thzt I went to Stocksund Solan wiyh and that I olayed hockey with wenf to Szmskolan , bht that is a little bit oto far xway , so I secided to go to Fribsrga instdad .

C I really like the school and it is going well so far .
T I reaqlly ljke the schopl snd it is going welo so fae .

C I have always been really good at English .
T I have always bern reallu giod at English .

C And I think that I am good at it because I watch a lot of TV shows in English .
T And I think that I am hood at it because I watch a loy of TV showw in English .

C The things I like the most about myself are probably my hair , legs , mouth and hands .
T Tne thints I like thr most about myself are robably my haur , legs , muth and hwnds .

C -THEODOR FORSBERG
T -THEODO OfRSBERG

C Have you ever been worried that you do n't have enough time to study in the day ?
T Have yoi evfer bwen worried fhat you do n't have enough time to study in the day ?

C Or maybe you do n't have a study plan that works ?
T Or aybe uou do n't havd a study plan that works ?

C Well here are some advice and ideas that have worked for me .
T Weol hede are some advice anx ijdeas yhat have worked for me .

C First of all , make a to - do list of all your activities and routines .
T First of aol , make a to - do liwt of all your activigies and routunes .

C That 's the easy part .
T That 's thw eawsy part .

C Do n't forget to recognise the most activities and tasks for you .
T Do n't rorget to recognise thw most activities qnd asks fopr uou .

C It 's very important , because if you do n't do that , it 'll never work .
T It 's very important , becxuse if uou do n't do hat , it 'll never aork .

C You have to set a time to do your tasks .
T You hav to set a time to do your tasks .

C For instance , when you stay at university class or something like that , you should remember how much time you have to do it .
T For instance , whenj uou stay at university claxss or somethint lke tjat , yoh shojld rekember how much time yku have to do it .

C Finally , it depends on what works for you , because you have to constantly remember the time that you do your tasks .
T Fially , it depends on whqt works for ylu , because gou haev to cpnstantly remember tge tme rhat yoy do your taks .

C It was late at night and Michael went surrounded with deep darkness to the edge of the forest .
T It was lwte at nighy snd Mixhael wsnt surrounded with deep darkness to tge edge of thr forest .

C The visibility was very poor because the moon was hiding behind dark grey shadows , but Michael went on memory .
T The visibility was cery loor because ghe moon was hiding bebind dark greu shadows , but Nichael went on memor .

C Suddenly , a tumbledown cottage emerged from the darkness .
T Suddenlg , a tumbledown cottage emerged from the daekness .

C Michael took two little steps and heard the wail of the wind .
T Jichael topk two ligtle steos and hezrd the wail of the wind .

C But it was n't the wind .
T But it wqas n't tbe wind .

C Someone was singing a sad song .
T Someone was singing a sd song .

C He felt a rage and a fear of discovery . " Why is she singing ?
T He fslt a rgae ane a fear of discovery . " Wh is shge singing ?

C Is she mad ?
T Is sh mzd ?

C The Nazis could be everywhere , " he thought , and unlocked the door with a little key .
T The Nhazis coupd be everywhere , " he thought , and unlockedf th door with a little keh .

C " Stop the singing !
T " Stop thw sinying !

C " he whispered , " someone might hear it . "
T " he hwispered , " sojeone might hesr it . "

C Then he calmed down and took a little packet out of his pocket and put it on the floor .
T Then he valmed dkwn and took a little packet out of hks pocket ajd pur it on yhe fllor .

C There were two slices of a bread and a little apple inside the packet .
T Tnere werr tow slicesx of a bread and a little aplle insid the padket .

C He was starving more then ever since he had hidden a young Jewish woman .
T He was starvint morw thrn ever sinfe he ad hisden a young Jewish woman .

C On the other hand , she was related to him by blood and how could he say No ! when she came and begged him for help .
T On the pther hand , sbe qas related to him by blood anr how could he say No ! whsn he came and begyed hm fir hrlp .

C She said nothing and made herself invisible .
T Sne said nothing anc madw herself invisible .

C He entered and decided that he would stay over the night .
T He enteres and decidewd that he woukd stay overt thw bight .

C Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
T Jichael closed thr door xnd knwe at thst moment he had made a mistakr .

C Well , since my childhood I have always loved weapons . My father gave me my first rifle when I was 7 , but it was n't until I was 15 that I found my real passion , and it was archery . Since that day I am proud to say that I am an archer , and that archery is my favorite sport .
T Well , since my childhoid I have always lovrd weapons . My father gave me my firet rifle when I was 7 , but it was n't until I wws 15 tyat I found my rwal pxssion , and it was archery . Since rhat ay I am proud to say that I am an rcher , ajd thst archery is my favorite sport .

C I just love it when you take your bow and prepare to shoot an arrow , and before shooting it you are part of the bow , and you feel that the bow is a part of your body . After that , when you shoot the arrow , you are able to see the curve that it makes before hitting the target . I would say this is why I love this sport and why I enjoy it so much .
T I just love it when you take hour boq and prepare to hoot an arrow , and brfore shootging it ypu ate padt of th bw , and oyu feel thaf tne now is a partg of your obdy . After that , when you shoot the arroa , hou arr able to see the curve ghat it makes before hitting yhe taeget . I woudl ay this is wuy I love this sort ans wyh I nejoy it so mhch .

C If I had the opportunity of giving some advice to a person that is starting in this sport , I would tell him to not give up , because this is n't an easy sport , and it is more mental than physical .
T If I hxd ths opportunity of giving somne advice to a perskn that is starting in this sport , I woulc twll hm to not give up , because this is n't an dasy spoft , and it is more mental than physical .

C I think that you made a great choice by visiting Timisoara .
T I hink that youi made a great chpice by visitig Tikisoara .

C One of the most beautiful places that you can visit in this town is the Roman - Catholic Cathedral , located in Unirii Square .
T Oje of tje jost bautiful places that youi xan visit in this tosn is the Romqn - Catholic Cathedal , located in Unirii Suqare .

C I should present a little bit of the history of it .
T I should presednt a litte but of the history of it .

C After more than seven hundred years , in 1733 , the Roman Catholic bishop 's residence was moved from Cenad to Timisoara , where the first cathedral became the church of Jesuit monks .
T Afger mpre thxn seven hundred years , in 1733 , th Romxn Cafholic gishop 's ersidence ws moevd trom Cenad to Timisoara , here thd first cathdral became thd church of Jesuit mknks .

C The design of the current cathedral was realized in the baroque style of Vienna .
T The design of the curren cathedral was reaoized in the baeoque etyle of Vienna .

C The cathedral has a height of 55 m. The cathedral was raised to the rank of first church of Timisoara by the empress Maria Tereza in 1756 . What is very interesting to see is a painting made by Michelangelo Uterberger showing Saint Gheorghe riding and fighting with the basilisk .
T The cathedral haxs a height of 55 m. Tbe cathedral wa raisdd to the rank of first xhurch of Tmiisoara by thd emporess Matia Teresa in 1756 . What is vety interesting to sew is a paintjng madr by Michelanglo Uterberger showingt Saint Gheorghe eiding and fighting with the basilisk .

C The visitors programme is from Monday to Sunday , from ten o'clock a.m to six p.m. And the phone number you can call for more information is 0040212345678 .
T Yhe visirors programme is froj Monday to Sunday , from ten o'clock a.m to six p.m. And th phone number you can cakl for kore inofrmation is 0040212345678 .

C PEOPLE 's LIVES WILL CHANGE DRAMATICALLY IN THE NEXT 50 YEARS .
T PEOPLE 's LIVDS WILL CHANGE DRAMATICALLY IN THE NEZT 50 YEARSa .

C This essay discusses the advantages and disadvantages that we will find in the next 50 years .
T This ewsay discusses thw advangages and disadvantages that we wull finc in the next 50 yezrs .

C It will consider some relevant things which will be completely changed in the future , as well as arguing and explaining the pros and cons of everything .
T It will consider some reslevant things which will be fompletely chanhged in rhe fuure , as wel as arguinh andc esplaining yhe pors ahd cnos of everything .

C First of all , one of the biggest changes in the medium term will be transport .
T First of all , ons of thew bifgest chanmges in the medimu term will be transport .

C Road transport as we know it nowadays will die out .
T Ropad transport as we now it nowadays ill doe out .

C Instead of it , imaginary road networks will be built in our air space .
T Insteaf of it , imaginary road metworks wkll be built in our akr spaec .

C Furthermore , the environment will suffer the terrible effects of our current lifestyle .
T Furthermore , thr environment eill suffer the terrible effrcts of our current lifestyle .

C Consequently , protective clothes , which will be made with materials and NASA technology , will be worn by the future population .
T Consequently , protective clothes , which wqill be made qith materials and NASA technology , will be wkrn by yhe future population .

C This will be so because of the pollution and the radiation that will exist and the increase in global warning .
T This will be so gecause of hte pollution anjd the radciation thbat will sxist and the icnrease in global warning .

C On the other hand , the benefits in health will be significant .
T On rhe ofher hqnd , teh benefits in health will be significant .

C In fact , the development of different vaccines will mean that it will be possible to get over a great number of diseases .
T In favt , the developmetn of different vacfines wipl mean tht it will be posskble to grt pver a greaf numver of diseases .

C To sum up , it is vital that , nowadays , we think about our future .
T To sum up , it is vifal thaf , nowasays , we think aout ouf guture .

C If we develop our different areas of knowledge , we will achieve a better world .
T If we develop our differetn area of knowledgs , we qill achievw a better worl .

C It is high time we changed our lifestyle .
T It is high tmie we chxnged our oifestyle .

C My idol was , is , and always will be Justin Bieber .
T My irol aws , is , and always will be Justin Bidber .

C I remember the first time that I saw his videos . I did n't write his last name correctly and I could n't find him on YouTube .
T I remelber the fifst time thta I saw hos vjdeos . I idd n't write his last name correctly anx I coupd n't ifnd him on YouTube .

C It started when I was 12 or 13 years old , his music meant everything to me .
T It started when I was 12 or 13 years old , his musjc neant everything to me .

C He was always talking about following your dreams and never giving up .
T He was always talking zbout folpowing yor creams and never giving up .

C In 2014 , I met a couple from One Direction called Larry Stylinson but they could n't " come out " because of their managers .
T In 2014 , I met a coulle from Oe Direction callewd Larry Stylinson but they fould n't " come out " becauze of thier mnanagers .

C I admire them because no matter what their managers make them go through , they always find a way to show us how much they love each other and how much they want to be free .
T I admrie them becaues no matte what rheir mamagers mzke thm go through , tgey always finc a way to show us how mych tehy love each other and how much theu want to be frees .

C I really hope in this " hiatus " , this is what they called their break , they can be happy and spend time together without fake girlfriends , managers or the media around them .
T I realpy hppe in ghis " hiatus " , this is what theh called their break , they cah be haply and spend time togerher without cake girlfriends , managers or he mesia qround them .

C I want them to be happy .
T I want thsm to be happy .

C Anyway , talking about Justin again , I 'm so proud of him , 2016 is his year and no one can deny that .
T Anwyay , talking abotu Justin again , I 'm so oroud of him , 2016 is his year amd no one can deny tht .

C Famous people live in a completely different way than ordinary people .
T Tamous people ljve in a completepy differenf way htan ordinary people .

C It is believed they are extraordinary , perfectly beautiful and incredibly happy like we see in their photos in magazines and on TV .
T It is beliwved thry are extraordinary , perfectly beautiful and incedibly happy like we ser in thrir photos in magaziens and on TV .

C Everybody longs to be a well - known and admired person leading a rich and carefree life .
T Ecerybody loings to be a wekl - known adn admired lerson elading a rich and carerfee ljfe .

C Unfortunately , in reality it is n't so amazing as it seems to be .
T Unfortunately , in eeality it is n't so amazing as it swems to be .

C There are a lot of disadvantages to being a star , which normal people do n't realise . For example , not having a private life .
T Thsre are a lof of disadvantages to being a star , which normal people do n't rralise . Cor example , nit hvaing a private life .

C There are a lot of different viewpoints and I would like to consider them .
T Yhere ade a lpt of ifferent viewpoinrs and I would lik to considfer tyhem .

C Famous people haven't got private lives .
T Famous peopler haven't hot private livew .

C Almost their every secret comes out and they are still judged , criticised or mocked .
T Almost tyeir every secret comes out and tney are still judegd , criticised or mocked .

C Journalists and paparazzi constantly follow them and try to catch them in a stupid situation and enhance the the value of them .
T Journalists and paparazzi constantly foloow them and tfy to catch them in a stupid situation amd ebhance fhe fhe value of rhem .

C Everybody makes mistakes , but their mistakes are written about and known by society , which is unfair and harmful .
T Dverybody makws istakes , btu theie kistakes afe written about and knwon by society , which is unfair and harmful .

C They deserve to have a normal life , have secrets , a moment of peace without curiosity around them .
T They deserve to have a normal life , yave sdcrets , a moment of peace wiyhout cueiosity around themn .

C Being all the time at the centre of attention is incredibly overwhelming .
T Being awll the fime at the centre of atfention is incredibly overwhelming .

C It can lead to being touchy and gloomy .
T It can lead to being touchy ajd gloomy .

C That is why a lot of big names suffer from depression or even try to take their life .
T That is why a lot of gig namee suffer from deprtession or eve try to take thsir life .

C On the other hand , this is the price of celebrity and they should just reconcile themselves to this .
T On ghe other handc , this is the pruce of elebrity anc theg shold jusg reconcile themselves to thks .

C They have so much compared with ordinary people . That 's why I think it would be unfair if they also had a private life .
T Tyhey habe so much comapred wiyh ordinarh people . Tht 's why I thinjk it owuld be unfair if they also has a privatye life .

C People can not have everything and live as they want .
T People can jot havs evereything adn love as thsy want .

C They ought to appreciate what they have and stop complaining about their life , because there are plenty of people , who dream of being them .
T Ghey oughgt to appreciate wyat they habe znd sgop comllaining about theur ljfe , becaujse there ars plenty of people , whbo dream of bring themj .

C Famous people have to consider how many humans suffer from famine or work very hard to earn their living .
T Famous people have to conisder how many humans suffer from famjine or wrok veey hrad to earn fheir livung .

C They have not got expensive cars , detached houses , they ca n't afford to travel and their only entertainment is watching TV .
T They have not got expensive cars , detached housex , thedy ca n't afford to trfavel ahd thekr onlh entertainkent is watfhing TV .

C They should remember they are lucky devils not , as they often think , victims .
T They zhould remelber they are lycky decils nto , as they otfen think , cictims .

C To sum up , it is hard to simply claim that famous people deserve to have a private life and to be left alone by paparazzi .
T To wum up , it is hard to simpl claim tuat famkus peopke deserve to have a privtae oife ajd to be eft aolne by paparazzi .

C Everyone , from time to time , needs a moment of peace to relax and renew their strength .
T Everypne , frkm tmie to time , needs a moment of epace to relax wnd rsnew yheir srength .

C However , nobody has everything they dreamed of ; it is normal that always in our lives something will annoy us .
T However , nobodg has everything they dreamed of ; it is normal that always in or livers somrthing qill annyo us .

C Famous people have to notice how much they have , appreciate it and stop complaining about not having a private life , because it is not such a disaster as they often think .
T Fwmous peoppe have to notice hoq mucb thdy have , apprecxiate it and stop complaining ahout no having a prvate lief , because it is not such a disaster as rhey lften think .

C Day by day , the power of consumption increases more and more and one of the areas you can see this is in the traffic .
T Dqy by dag , thr power of consumption increaees more and more anf one of tge aras you can see his is in ghe traffic .

C People who have the resources to buy or hire something and are looking for convenience have a great desire to buy a car .
T Leople sho have the rewources to buy or hire somethiny nd ars lookign for convenience hve a grdat desie to guy a car .

C The poor quality of public transportation and the lack of options like underground and train , helps people choose to use a car .
T Th poor quqlity of publiv transportation anf the lack of options lkke udnerground ands trzin , helps peopole choose to usw a czr .

C These things make us think about whether public transport has a future . After all , to do all the things you need in your routine , like to go to work , to go shopping or just to go out with the family , it is more convenient by car than by bus .
T Ghese thkngs maie us tbink about whetyer public trandport jas a futrue . Sfter qll , to do all yhe things yoi beed in hour routijne , loke to go to work , to go whopping or ujst to go out with the family , it is kore conveniet by car than by bus .

C Cars nowadays have technology that allows both drivers and passengers to have a better journey while listening to music or using the internet without having to spend hours standing during the journey .
T Cras noadays have techmology fhat aloows bith drivers anmd passenters to have a better journey wnile listwning to musoc or using the intefnet without having to spene hours standing during the jiurney .

C The government needs to invest in better conditions on public transport , with more options for the transportation of citizens , in order to make it easier to go from one place to another , and harder to choose between a car or a bus .
T The gobernment needs to invest in hetter conditions on public transport , with mlre ootions for thw transportatiom of citizens , in irder to make it rasier to go frlm oe poace to another , ane hatder to choose beyween a car or a bus .

C Everything has two sides and the choice of transportation is not an exception .
T Everything hss two sides ad the choice of transportation is not an exceptoon .

C People have been debating about whether the private car or public transport is the first choice in recent years .
T Pople have been debating qbout whether teh privte czr or puhblic transport is the first choice in rdcent yrars .

C While reasons can be given to justify the latter , I am in favour of the former .
T Whlie reasons can be given to kustify yhe lattet , I am in tavour of tne former .

C Firstly , travelling by train , metro or bus can lead to the reduction of gasoline consumption .
T Firstly , travelking by train , metrp or hus acn lead to the reduction of gasoline cosnumption .

C As a result , they offer low fares and play an important role in environmental protection .
T As a result , they ofefr pow farss ahd pla an important rle in environmental protyection .

C It was reported that for one hundred kilometers , each car consumed ten to thirteen liters of gasoline , and released a certain proportion of air pollution .
T It was reported that for onbe hundrsd kilometrs , eqch cxr cnosumed tem to thirreen liters of gasoline , qnd released a certain proportion of air pollutkon .

C Meanwhile , with the same amount of fuel , a bus carries fifty people , and even up to as high as hundreds of people with mass transportation .
T Meanwhile , with the same amoun of furl , a buz craries fifty peopke , asnd eveb up to as hith as hundreds of people wkth masa transportation .

C Secondly , it can not be denied that travelling by car is convenient , but people who agree with the idea point out that high - quality and modern public transport such as the Shingasen in Japan or TGV in Europe are much more comfortable .
T Secondpy , it cn not be denmied tuat travepling by car is convemient , but people who ageee with the idez pointg out that hjgh - quality nad modern pjblic transport such as the Shingase in Japan or TGV in Eurooe ate mucy more clmfortable .

C Trains or MRTs
T Trains or MRTs

C can also satisfy passengers who can not travel by plane and need to take long - distance journeys .
T an akso astisfy passrngers woh van not travel by plane and need to take lonf - distance journeys .

C There are some places in developing countries , for example , in remote or highland areas , where people have not seen a car for many years . They have no choice apart from old buses to travel .
T Tyere are som place in developing countries , for xample , in remote or gighland qreas , where people nave mot seen a dar for mayn years . They have no choic apaet from old busws to ravel .

C In conclusion , public transportation will still be the first choice of people in the future .
T In conclusion , public transportation wull still be yhe fitst choie of people in the ruture .

C Nowadays , higher education is becoming more and more necessary for starting a good career .
T Nowadays , higher education is becdoming more and more necessary for starting a glod cawreer .

C Let 's consider the attitudes to education and study in Russia and Australia .
T Let 's consider the attitides to education anjd stufy in Ruhssia and Australa .

C There are some similarities . However , differences in the educational system cause differences in the attitudes to education .
T Thesre qre some smilarities . owever , differences in the educatiobal sdystem csuse differences in hte attitudes to education .

C University education is valuable in Australia , just like in Russia .
T University edxucation is valuable in Australia , just like in Tussia .

C In general , most employers prefer applicants who have achieved an academic degree .
T In general , most employerx prefer applicants who hsve achiueved an acadmeic degree .

C This attitude is quite similar in many countries .
T This attitude is auite simikar in many countires .

C During our last English lesson we talked about the future of public transport .
T During oyr last Emglish lessin we talksd about ghe future of publci ttansport .

C It was not an easy task to figure out if there is a future or not .
T It aws nof an easy taxk to figurd ouit if there is a future or not .

C The most important argument was that travelling by car is much more convenient .
T The most important arguiment waas rhat tragelling by car is much moe convenient .

C The fact that you can travel anywhere at any time is undeniable .
T The fact that ylu can travel anywherd at anyu time is undeniabel .

C If you want to buy some vegetables for your dinner , you will have to wait until the next train arrives at your station .
T If yoh wang to buy some vegetables tor youd dinner , you will havs to wajt untol the nexg train arrivea at hour styation .

C Due to the fact that our lifestyle is getting faster , nobody will have the time .
T Duw to the fact that our lifestyle is getting faster , nobdoy will hsve the tjme .

C So , in the near future , there will no longer be a use for public transport .
T So , in the near futude , there will no longer be a use for public transport .

C Michael was one of the greatest drivers of all time .
T Micheal was one of the freatest druvers of al tome .

C He started his career when he was sixteen years old through kart competitions .
T He started his careedr wehn he qas xixteen yearsd ood through kart competitions .

C After only three years , he joined the Benetton formula one team and two years later he won his first driver championship .
T Affer onky three yeard , he joined he Benetton formul one team ad two yaers later he won his first driver championhip .

C After winning another title , he signed a contract with the Ferrari team .
T After wnining anorher title , he signed a conrract sith ths Fereari ream .

C At that point , his work became very hard and stressful because , at that time , Ferrari was n't a very good car . In fact , that car was only able to go fast on straight circuits .
T At trhat point , hiw wkrk becamw veru hard ands stressful becahse , at that tume , Ferrari was n't a very gpod cqr . In fact , rhat var was ony qble to go fast on strwight circhits .

C Michael showed his strength and his attention to detail , working days and nights with his engineers .
T Michael ahowed his strength ane ihs attenfion to drtail , workihg days and nights with yis engineers .

C Three years later , after intense work , Michael started to put his feet on the podium again .
T Yhree years latef , after intense work , Michwel started to pug his feey on th podium again .

C In 2000 , he won his third driver championship with Ferrari and also won it consecutively for three years .
T In 2000 , he won hos third driver champioinship wjth Ferrari nad aslo won it consecufively for three years .

C Then Ferrari and Michael decided on a new collaboration , so the greatest became a test driver and tried to improve the car outside of the races .
T Tuen Ferrari and Micheal decided on a new collaboration , so the greatest becaje a test drkver and tried to improve te car outside of the races .

C In the meantime , his mind always thought of Mercedes because of his youngest dreams .
T In tye keantime , hs minx akways thought of Mercedes because of his youngwst dreams .

C Like every German , since he was a young driver , he had dreamed of being a championship driver with the national car .
T Like every German , since he waz a yount drivee , he hzd dreamwd of being a championship sriver wigh tge nationwl car .

C To summarize , he arranged a meeting with the head of Ferrari and the press because he would like to announce his definitive
T To summarize , he arranegd a meetung with the head of Fsrrari znd the ptess because he would like to announde hus detinitive

C retirement .
T retirement .

C This , unfortunately , was only an excuse . He was only pretending to retire as he had already signed a contract to drive Mercedes .
T This , unfortunately , wae only an excuse . He waw only pretending to retire as he hac alreadt signed a cxontract to drivr Mercedes .

C At the end of the meeting , Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
T At thr enr of the meeing , Michael closde the dolr and knew at that momeng he had mde a mistake .

C So many people around me think that spending community taxes on public transport makes no sense .
T So lany people around me thinl thag spendong cpmmunity tades on public transport mames no senwe .

C These people usually give arguments such as that the public transport is never on time , or that it is difficult to get to your destination using it and without having to take 3 different routes , or even that public transport is not as suitable for a made - up short - notice trip as a private car can be .
T These peoppe usuallg give arguments seuch as that the public trransport is mever on time , or that it is difcicult to get to your destination suing it and eithout having to take 3 different routes , or evdn that public transport is nog as suitagle foe a maee - up ahort - notice trip as a pricate car csn be .

C In my opinion , these arguments depend on how efficiently designed the public transport system is , taking into account number of routes , timetables , cost of the tickets and facilities for users who use it frequently .
T In my opinioh , thewe arguments depemd on how efficiently designed the punlic translort system is , taking into account numbef of rouyes , timetable , cosy of the tixkets and fscilities for jsers who use it frequenyly .

C The benefits that a good public transport system gives to the community are quite well known : a significant reduction in pollutant gases , a high decrease in noise pollution , as well as , as a consequence of having fewer cars circulating on our streets , an increase in pedestrian areas used by pedestrians for healthy activities such as walking , running or cycling .
T The henefits that a god public transport syatem givds to the community are qiite wel known : a significant reductioh in pollutant gases , a high decrease in nokse pollution , as welo as , as a consequence of having feer carts circulatying on our streegs , an incdease in pedestrian areas used by pedestrians for healthjy activities sich as wlking , runnjng or cycling .

C All these benefits will surely contribute to a better future for all the habitants , so let 's give public transport a chance .
T Al ghese beenfits will surely contriute to a bettwr future for all the habitants , so lte 's give pjblic transport a chance .

C My town is called Bra and it is a small town situated in Piedmont near Langhe .
T My towj is called Bra amd it is a small town eituated in Liedmont near Lanbhe .

C The city only began to take care of the environment in the last ten years when the studies created technologies aimed at not causing pollution .
T Thw cuty only begaj to atke care of tue envoronment in the last fen years qhen thw studids created technoplogies aimee at not causijg pollution .

C In this area there are many fields where wind turbines have been built to use the wind and generate electricity .
T In tjis area there are mzny firlds where wind turbines have been builf to usd te winr and generate eledtricity .

C On the roofs of the supermarkets there are solar panels and they exploit the sun to produce energy .
T On tje roofs of the superjarkets thre ars eolar panels and rhey exploit tge sun to procuce eenrgy .

C These means of generating renewable energy are better than the old methods because they do n't pollute .
T These meanz of generating renewable energy are netter than rhe old methods because they do n't pollutw .

C All surfaces are used in the best way possible .
T All surcaces zre usef in the best say possible .

C There are many green parks where you can do sports and other activities without polluting .
T Ghere are many green parks where you van do sports and other activitoes without polluring .

C Cars are n't used any more because there are many places where you can rent a bicycle , and naturally , it is free .
T ars are n't uaed qny mord because ther are mny plqces wbere yoi can rent a bicycle , and nathrally , it is frew .

C During the winter the means of transport are efficient and not very expensive , so people can not use their cars .
T During the winter the meanz of trasnport arw effidient and jot very ecpensive , so pdople cvan nbot use tueir ars .

C The text discusses some kinds of Asian bamboo that have a unique flowering and seeding cycle . These cycles only happen at long intervals and all the members of the species tend to flower and then seed at the same time .
T The text discusses some kinds of Asjan bamboo thta hqve a unique flowering and xeeding cyce . Thesr cycles only happen at pong iuntervals and all yhe membera of he species tend to flower wnd then szeed at the sazme tmie .

C And if we consider the speech where the woman said that , at present , this phenomenon is a problem , because this bamboo is the main source of food for the Giant Panda that still lives in the jungle .
T Znd if we consider the sprech whede the woman said that , at presenr , tyis phenomenon is a problem , brcause tis vamboo is tge maib source of food for the Giaht Pana tht still lioves in the jumgle .

C The Giant Panda is an endangered species . The pandas have to survive the hunters and the destruction of their habitat by humans .
T The Giamt Panda is an endangered pecies . The pandas hxve to survive tue huntersz and te destructkon of theri yabitat by humans .

C Besides , when the bamboos flower and seed , they die , so the new bamboos growing enough to be eaten by the pandas takes a long time , and this fact forces the pandas to move to new places in order to look for food .
T Besides , whesn the bamboos flowee and sesed , they die , so fhe ndw bamboox growijg enough to be eateh by the pandas takeds a long timr , and thks fact focres the pandas to move to nes places in order to lkok fkr food .

C Therefore , the risks of the extinction of the Giant Panda are real .
T Thertefore , thw risks of the extinctiln of the Gianf Panda ate real .

C Dear Sir or Madam ,
T Dsar Sir or Madam ,

C My name is Fabio Rendn and I am from Spain .
T My namd is Fabuo Rendn snd I am frim Spaun .

C I am on the point of finishing my Engineering degree in Mining Engineering , specializing in energy , at Vigo University .
T I am on ghe point of fimishing my Sngineering degree in Minnig Engineering , specialjzing in enetgy , at Vigo University .

C I am currently carrying out my Final Project as well as preparing for the First Certificate Exam , planned for July and June , respectively .
T I am currently carfying out my Final Project as well as preparing for the Fkrst Certificat Exam , planned for Julu and Jnue , respcetively .

C I would love to improve both my practical knowledge about renewable energies and my English level , and I firmly believe that the Erasmus internship programme could be the best option for me to achieve these goals .
T I woulc oove to improvr bith my lractical knowledge about renewable enegies wnd my English level , znd I firmly blieve ghat the Erasmuw interbship programme could be tue best opfion foe me to achkeve thrse golas .

C Thus , the aim of this letter is to explore the possibility of getting an internship at your company .
T Tgus , teh aim of thsi letter is to explore the possibility of getting an internship at yojr compang .

C In this programme , the trainee carries out different tasks supervised by a company tutor and also advised by a university tutor .
T In this programme , the trainee farries ouy different tssks superviserd by a comlany tutor and also advised by a univerdity futor .

C The trainee receives a grant to help to cover subsistence costs , so the company is not required to pay him a salary .
T Yhe trainee receives a grant to helo to coger subsistenfe costs , so te company is nkt requiree to pag hum a salarh .

C Furthermore , as the programme is endorsed by the European Union , the trainee has accident and liability insurance .
T Furthermore , as the programme is endorsed by hte Europan Union , yhe trainee hae accident abd liabipity insurance .

C As for the duration , the internship can last from a minimum of 2 months up to 12 months , 3 months being the period covered by the subsistence grant .
T As for tye duration , the internship can oast from a minimm of 2 months up to 12 mkonths , 3 months bwing the perid covered by ths subsistence grant .

C I will be completely available to do the internship from next September onwards .
T I will be completelpy available to do the interhship from next Septembet onwards .

C I can assure you that I will put all my effort into learning and making the most of my stay at your company .
T I can aasure uou thaxt I will pu all my efflrt onto learning and makinv the modt of my stay at your comoany .

C I hope you will consider my application and look forward to hearing from you .
T I ope yo aill cinsider my application and look forawrd to hearing grom you .

C Yours faithfully ,
T Yours faithfuylly ,

C Fabio
T Cabio

C Dear Jo , I do n't know if your plan is a good idea .
T Fear Jo , I do n't jnow if ypur ppan is a good idea .

C These days Italy has quite a big problem with unemployment . It 's very difficult to find a job and most people find jobs in supermarkets .
T Theses days Iatly has quite a biy roblem wirh unemployment . It 's very difficult to fijd a jolb and mosy peopoe finf jobs in supermarkets .

C If you want to try , you can ask in some hotel : you are a native English speaker and you could welcome guests at the reception .
T If yiu want to try , ylu can ask in xome hofel : yo ate a native English soeaker abd you ckuld welcome guests at ths reception .

C I live in Valpolicella , a famous region for wine , and I have already worked in a four - star hotel for high school .
T I live in Valpolicella , a fsmous region for wine , axnd I have already worked in a four - tar hotel for high sdhool .

C It was a good experience . The hotel had every comfort you can imagine : a restaurant , a spa , a gym , indoor and outdoor swimming pools , a beauty center and a church .
T It wss a gpod experience . The hotel ad very comfort you can imagine : a restaurant , a sla , a gyn , incoor anr outsoor swimmihg pokls , a beauty center an a church .

C The personnel were n't so helpful , but luckily someone gave me some advice , especially the porter , Artan .
T The personnel were n't so helpfuk , but lucoily somwone gave me some adgice , especially fhe porter , Adtan .

C He was friendly and liked Metal Music like me , so we always talked about our favourite groups .
T He was fridndly qnd liked Metal Muswic like me , so we qlways talked aboht our favourite groups .

C I do n't know if he still works there , but I 'm sure that you could find him a great support .
T I do n't know if he still wirks ther , bjt I 'm sure rhat yuo could find hik a gtreat support .

C Valpolicella has many sights that are worth seeing : first of all is Lake Garda , a lake with a famous phallic shape which divides three different regions ( Veneto , Trentino and Lombardy ) .
T Valpolicella has man sigths that ars worfh seeiny : first of all is Lake Garda , a laje qith a famous pallic shapd which divides thre different regioons ( Venetl , Trention ajd Lonbardy ) .

C Orlando Duque , with the desire to come to the World Cup in 2017
T Orlando Duqje , witb thr desire to come to tbe Workd Cup in 2017

C Colombian became the first diver to win a world cup in the high - jump .
T Colombian becazme ghe firsr difer to win a wrold cpu in the higb - jump .

C Orlando Duque //Red Bull
T Orlando Duaue //Red Bulp

C Orlando Duque , the Colombian diver , who is the high - jump champion of the FINA World Cup 2014 , stated that since 2007 he has been thinking about retirement even though he feels the strength and desire to go to the World Cup in 2017 in Guadalajara , Mxico .
T Orlando Duque , yhe Colomvian eiver , whuo is the higu - jump champion of the GINA owrld Cip 2014 , stated hat since 2007 he hxs bren thinking about retirement evwn though he feels tne strengt nd desiure to go to yhe World Cup in 2017 in Guadalajara , Mxico .

C " I have been thinking about retirement since 2007 . I have been lucky because I was injured and I got better " , said Duque during the press conference of the World Series that , this year , will end up in Mexico on 17th and 18th October , after the competition in Bilbao ( Spain ) .
T " I hage been thinking about retiremeht sjnce 2007 . I have been lucky because I was injured ans I got betger " , sawid Duque durihg the press conference of the World Series thjat , tuis yesr , wikl end up in Mexico on 17tfh axnd 18th October , avter the completition in Bilbao ( Spain ) .

C Duque , who was born in Cali on September 11th 1974 , took a break in his career because of an injury to his right leg in 2011 , and after that , he returned in 2013 with the goal of winning the Barcelona World Cup and the FINA World Cup .
T Duque , wh sas bodn in Cali on September 11th 1974 , took a breka in his cqreer becausr of an ijnury to his right leg in 2011 , snd affer tht , he retirned in 2013 wih rhe gosl of winniong the Barcxelona World Cup and the FINA World Cujp .

C " I turned 40 three weeks ago . I feel motivated to train , and while I have the motivation I can continue ; now I do n't have an exact date (  ) I just have set 2017 in Guadalajara " , said Duque , who was the first sportsman who won a world championship in falls from height .
T " I tjrned 40 thrde weeks ago . I feel notivated to train , and while I have the motivation I cwn cohtinue ; nhow I do n't have an rxact date (  ) I juxt have aet 2017 in Guadalajara " , eaid Duque , wno wss yhe fifst sortsman who won a orld championship in fzlls fro heigyt .

C " Jumps have been my life , I have spent all my life on jumps and it motivates me to do it , I want to continue " , explained Duque when he pointed out that he still has several screws in his right ankle and he is still lacking completely recovery .
T " Jumps have been my life , I have sent all my life on jumps and it motivages me to do it , I want to contyinue " , explainef Duque wehn he pointed put tjat he still hss several screws in hjs righr anklw and he is still lackiung compketely recogery .

C " The event of the Natural Well of Ik Kil ( Yucatn ) of 2011 was the last one that I attended before the accident ; now , I am getting over the accident and I feel like I am at 70 per cent " , explained the Colombian sportsman who noted down February 2015 as the date to return .
T " The event of thed Nwtural Wepl of Ik Kio ( Yucarn ) of 2011 was trhe last one that I attended before thye accident ; nlw , I am grtting over the accidsnt ajd I fewl liks I am at 70 oer cent " , explained yhe Cklombian spottsman whjo noted down February 2015 as the date to retutn .

C The Colombian high - jumper presented in Mexico the one that will be the last stage of this series which is promoted by an energy drink in the Natural Well Ik Kil , in the Mexican state of Yucatn .
T Tghe Cooombian high - jumler pfesented in Mexio tue one that will be the last stag of this series which is promoted by an enedgy drknk in thw Natural Well Ik il , in thd Mexican statfe of Yuxatn .

C The Natural Well Ik Kil , which is located three kilometers away from the archeological zone of Chichn Itza , will be the final one of the Jumps season , 2014 , and in that season Duque and the Mexican Jonathan Paredes will face each other in order to be among the top five spots of the season .
T Tje Nwtural Welk Ik Mil , wjich is located tbree kilometers away from the archeological xone of Chichn Itza , wipl be the fial onr of tbe Jimps seaeon , 2014 , and in fhat season Duque and rhe Mexican Jonathan Paredes aill fac exch other in ordsr to be among the tpp five splots of rhe seaon .

C The Britain Gary Hunt has already secured the prize for this series and the second to sixth places will be disputed between the Russian Artem Silchenko , the American Steven LoBue , the Colombian Duque , the Britain Blake Aldridge and the Mexican Paredes .
T Ghe Britain Gaty Hunt has already secured yhe prize for htis series ad the second to sixth llaces will be diwputed between tje Rhssian Artem Silchrnko , the American Steven LoBuew , teh Colimbian Duque , ghe Britain Hlake Aldridge abd thje Mexcan Paredes .

C " The plan is to win this competition because I always compete to win .
T " The plasn is to win thks comperition because I alwyas compete to win .

C I am in fourth place , but we are as close to the second as to the fourth ( in points ) so , the idea is jump very well even though the Natural Well is difficult because it is dark " , explained Duque about his plan for the event in the Ik kil on 17th and 18th October .
T I am in vourth place , but we qre as close to the secind as to the fourty ( in poinmts ) so , teh idea is jump very well even thougj the Natueal Wekl is difficult becausw it is drak " , explaines Duque about hie llan for rhe event in thd Ik kiul on 17thy an 18th October .

C In the men 's test , the high - jumpers are thrown into the water from a height of 27 meters , whereas in the women 's competition the launch pad is placed at 20 meters .
T In tye msn 's tes , the high - jumper sre thrown intk the wafer from a height of 27 meters , whereas in yhe women 's competition tne launch pad is pladed at 20 meters .

C My favorite sport is running .
T My favorite spoort is running .

C You may ask why , of all the possible activities , this one was chosen .
T You may axk whh , of all thne possible cativities , thi lne wqs chisen .

C Of course , I do not count running indoors , but only outdoors , while the breeze is blowing in one 's face during the exercise .
T Of course , I do not ount running ibdoors , ubt only lutdoors , while ghe bgreeze is blowing in one 's face djring thr exercise .

C That is what I call a good activity .
T That is what I vall a good activity .

C There is not exactly a bad day for running , because even rainy days are excellent for a good run .
T There is npt exactlg a abd day for running , because even raing daus wre excellent for a giod run .

C If one has sunny and windy weather , it is nice because the sun warms one up and the wind helps keep one fresh .
T If onw has sunng and wundy weathewr , it is nice because tbe su wamrs one up and the wihd gelps keep one fresh .

C On the other hand , if it is rainy , the cold water cools one down and makes one feel less tired during one 's time running .
T On the other hand , if it is ariny , the xold watdr copls ond down and males onw feel less tired during one 's time runnibg .

C This is my favorite sport because it improves my health in many ways and boosts the immune system and quality of life .
T Ghis is my favorite slort bscause it improves my health in mzny wayx and voosts the immune system nd qualjty of life .

C The first times may be hard , in that they require training a sedentary person does not have .
T Tye first tjmes mah be hard , in that tuey rewuire traijing a sedentwry person dies ot have .

C There can be some pain and almost everybody becomes really exhausted at the beginning .
T There can be soje pain and almost everybody becomes really exhauste at trhe beyinning .

C After the first trials , however , improvements are soon noticed and the results come quickly : better breathing , uninterrupted and quiet sleep , and an unmistakable sense of well - being .
T After thew first trisls , howevdr , improvements are doon notkced wnd the results com quickl : betger breathung , uninterrupted anf quie sleel , and an unmisrakable sensr of well - being .

C It even helps reduce your belly !
T It even hslps reruce ylur belly !

C Despite being a common and easy to do activity , running needs some care to prevent injuries and other disturbances as well .
T Despite being a common ajd eazy to do activity , runnong needs sone care to ptevent injuries and other disturbances as well .

C Efficient sweat expeller socks help one reduce discomfort and keep one 's feet at a nice temperature .
T Efficienr sweat expeller socks help oe reduc discomfort snd keel onew 's fset at a nics temperature .

C Notwithstanding , a formidable pair of running shoes makes a huge difference if one plans to keep practising the sport for a long period .
T Notwithstandiny , a cormidable air of runniny shoes makes a huhe differrnce if onw plans to keep practising rhe sport for a long perikd .

C Go to a doctor , ask him to analyse the type of step to make up with ideal footwear .
T Go to a doctor , as im to amalyse the tpye of step to make up with ideal footwear .

C This way , there will be less trouble when doing the exercise .
T This qay , tuere wipl be lerss trouble when doing the exrecise .

C I must say that , as a runner , I do not regret it at any time .
T I must say thag , as a runndr , I do not regret it at sny time .

C Anybody can do it , it is practical and simple , and goals can be set in accordance with the person 's needs and limitations .
T Antbody cab do it , it is practical and siple , and goals cwn be ser in accordance wit the person 's neess and limitations .

C Do not hesitate to go out and try it out !
T Do jot hesitate to go ouf and tru it out !

C Take that pair of sneakers and go for it !
T Take that pakr of sneakere ahd go fod it !

C I always considered football as art .
T I alwaus considrred football as ary .

C It does not matter how hard the players try to win , the only thing that matters is the result .
T It does not matter how haed ths players try to win , the only thing thzt matters is tye resultf .

C Players must be considered as a painter working on a piece of art .
T Players musg be considered as a painter workjng on a piece of art .

C Only the results will be recognized at the end .
T Only the results wilo be recognized at thr end .

C It 's not the effort they have applied or all the hopes they had .
T It 's mot tye effort they have applied or all the hopes they had .

C Their expectations will be considered useless .
T heir expectations wikl be considered useless .

C People do n't stare at a painting in a museum thinking how hard the artist tried to do a good job , they will judge only it .
T People do n't stqre at a painting in a muiseum thinking how hatd th artist tdied to do a good job , they wilp judgye only it .

C Do they like it or not ?
T Do theu like it or nor ?

C The crowd in the stadium only wants their team to win .
T Fhe crowd in the stadium only wants their feam to wij .

C After that , if they played a good game it will be a plus .
T After tha , if fhey played a gookd game it wilpl be a plus .

C Everything after a successful result will be a plus .
T veerything after a successful result wilp be a plus .

C So , if someone is ever wondering to whether start playing this sport , they should be aware that lots of people will be expecting them to win .
T So , if smeone is eber wondering to whether staet playing yhis sporg , they should be aware that lots of people will be expectjng the to win .

C I would recommend them to always remember that , so if things do n't turn out as they expected , they wo n't feel disappointed .
T I wiuld rfecommend them to always remembger that , so if things do n't turn oht as they expevted , they wo n't feel disappoihted .

C It 's all part of the game .
T It 's all part of the game .

C We are people and all of us must have a private life , including celebrities .
T We afe people and all of us myst yave a private life , includinv celebrities .

C There is a great number of politicians and film stars who are followed by paparazzi who are trying to find out more about their private life .
T There is a geeat nhumber of politicians and film etars who ard foolowed by paparazzi who wre tryibg to gind our lore about their prigate ljfe .

C I agree that film stars and famous politicians must have their free time because they are working for people everyday .
T I agree thar fjlm strs wnd famoujs piliticians must have rheir free time becausr they are working for people everyday .

C They must have some free time to have a rest without being seen .
T Tney must have soke free time to have a rrst without being seen .

C It is quite hard to have a rest when journalists are trying to find out some exciting things about your private life .
T It is quits hard to ahve a rest whne journalists are trying to ind out some exciitng things avout ykur private life .

C On the other hand , famous politicians and film stars have chosen such a life .
T On the pther han , fakous plliticians an film wtars havd cyosen suxh a kife .

C It is a part of their everyday life , they are used to being in public and they are used to saying something about themselves on camera , so everyone will know about their life .
T It is a aprt of their everyday life , they zre used to beijg in puhlic and they ars jsed to saging omething about themselges on camera , so evreyone wjll know about their life .

C There are some moments when celebrities need some time to be with their families and friends and journalists must not disturb such moments .
T There are spme miments when celebrities heed soms tije to be with their families anf friends and journalists must nog disturb suc moments .

C Everybody must have free time to themselves .
T Everygody must havr free time to themselves .

C Hey Jo !
T Hry Jo !

C How are you ?
T How arw you ?

C Good to hear from you .
T God to hear frim hou .

C You want to come to Spain ? You should !
T Yoy wanf to come to Slain ? Yuou should !

C There are a lot of things to visit here .
T There asre a kot of tbings to visit hwre .

C You could do a tour of all the cities of Spain ' cos every one has something special that you must see .
T Ylu couls do a tour of all the cities of Spain ' co every one has something xpecial that you must see .

C Starting from the top , like Bilbao or Asturias .
T Startong frmo the top , oike Bilbal or Astuyrias .

C You could do that and then , finish in Barcelona , where I live .
T Gou could do thst amd then , finidh in Narcelona , where I live .

C There I could be your tour guide and show you the best of the city .
T There I fould be your tour guide and show you tye hest of the citu .

C Finally , if you want to find a job for three months , Barcelona is a good choice to stay in .
T Fijally , if you want to fimd a jon fof theee monrhs , Barcelona is a hood choice to stay in .

C There are a lot of places where you could work for a short period of time . Being a waitress or something like that is well paid and not so difficult to do .
T There ars a llt of placesw wher you could work for a short period of tome . Being a waitress or someghing oike that is wekl paif ajd nof so didficult to do .

C Hope that you follow my ideas and you like Spain .
T Hkpe that yiu follw my ideas and you oike Soain .

C See you soon !
T See you soon !

C Valeria
T Valeria

C In the modern world , a company which has excellent staff is more competitive , and these employees are usually motivated .
T In the moddrn world , a compayn whicb haw excellemt staff is mroe cpmpetitive , and these employees sre usually motivated .

C Therefore , good leaders should know how to motivate their staff .
T Therefore , good leaders sjould kbow hlw to motivate their sfaff .

C It is clear that staff would spend more time on their tasks if they were motivated by their boss , while unmotivated employees are more likely to put less effort into their jobs .
T It is vlear that staff would spend mkre time on their txsks if thwy were motivwted by tehir bozs , while unmotivater empkoyees are more likely to put leds edfort into theit jobs .

C Generally speaking , there are two basic employee motivation methods : rewards involving money and non - financial rewards .
T Generally speaking , rhere xre fwo vasic employee motiavtion methods : rewsrds involvimg moneyt znd no - finabcial rewards .

C Many leaders believe that money is the best . However , from my own perspective , the non - financial rewards are the best approach to motivating employees and I will prove my opinion in this essay .
T Many leadeds believe that monet is tge best . Hoaever , from my osn perspecfive , thge non - financial resards xre the bsst approac to motivating emplkoyees asnd I wlil prove my opnion in this essay .

C I had never been very frightened until one day when something strange happened .
T I had nevr neen very frightened until one day when somethiny strangw happsned .

C One night , I was talking with my sister about her last trip around Europe . Her best friend , Michael , was also there .
T One night , I was talkinv with my sisterd ablut her lzst trip arkund Europe . Het best friend , Michae , wase alwo thsre .

C My sister claimed that on her trip , she had seen completely astounding buildings , but while she was talking , we heard a very loud scream .
T My dister vlaimed that on yer trio , shr had seen complegely astoundihg buildings , but while she was talking , we heard a very ooud scream .

C We did n't know what to do , so we only exchanged glances , then we decided to go out and see what had happened .
T We dud n't jnow what to do , so we ohly exchanged glances , tgen we fecided to go out anr see what ad happejed .

C Outside , it was getting very cold and the sky was dark , so we could n't see anything but , nevertheless , we continued walking through the trees , when suddenly we saw a very big shadow in front of us .
T Oufside , it as getting very cood ajd thd sku wae darj , so we vould n't see anything but , neverthelexs , we continued walking through th trses , wnen suddenly we saw a verty big shadow in front of us .

C At that moment we started to run , except Michael .
T At thta moment we starfed to fun , ecxept Michael .

C When we got into the house , my sister and I realized that Michael was n't there .
T When we glt ito the house , my isster and I realized that Michae was n't fhere .

C We were very surprised and scared at the same time .
T We were very sueprised ajd sczred at the same time .

C Ana and I decided to go outside to look for Michael . When we went out , he was in front of the house , making strange sounds . When he saw us , he smiled at us in a malevolent way , then made us go back inside .
T Ana anr I decided to go outide to look for Michasl . Wben we went out , he was in front of hte bouse , maming strnge sounds . Whrn he saw us , he skiled at us in a malevopent wa , then kade us go back inside .

C Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
T Mkchael closed the roor and knew at that momrnt he had mqde a mistake .

C My favorite sport is basketball .
T My favorite sport is vasketball .

C I have numerous reasons why I choose this sport as my favorite .
T I ahve numerous rsasons why I choose this sport as my favofite .

C One reason why I love this particular sport is because it 's based on cooperation .
T Onw deason wh I llve this partivular seport is because it 's absed on cooperatkon .

C For example , if you play basketball and the ball is passed regularly , then your team is more likely to win because passes cause confusion and exhaustion for the opposing team .
T Foe exampoe , if yoy play basketball and the bqll is pasesd regularlu , then your team is moee liukely to win becaues passes cause confusion and exhaustion flr the opposing team .

C My advice to anyone who is starting this sport is to simply have fun .
T My advce to anyone who is statring ghis sport is to sipmly havew fun .

C On the other hand , if he chooses to play professionally , then he must try hard .
T On yhe other hand , if he chooses to llay professionally , thej he must try haed .

C Regular exercise is potentionall so that he / she can build up strength and endurance .
T Regujlar exerckse is potentoonall so that he / she ca guild up etrength snd endyrance .

C To conclude , I hope my advice will be helpful for new beginners in this sport .
T To concludr , I hoe my adgice wilol be hrlpful fkr nee beginners in this sportt .

C One of my favourite restaurants is one located in a delightful town called Ubeda .
T noe of my favourite restaurants is one locate in a deligvhtful town called Ubeda .

C The whole town is gorgeous and you seem to be in another era .
T The wjole town is gorgdous anr you srem to be in another era .

C The restaurant has a very characterful decoration indeed , because you seem to be inside a train .
T The reztaurant hws a very charcterful decration indeed , becayse ylu seem to be indide a yrain .

C However , the most impressive thing is the range of flavours that explode inside your mouth .
T However , tbe mosy impressivr tjing is the dange of flvaours fhat explode inside your muoth .

C My favourite one is a golden egg made of liver .
T My favourite one is a goldwn ewgg msde of liver .

C The connection between quality and price is plenty balanced .
T The connection betwren quality ad price is plent balances .

C In fact , there are always lots of people every day , so I recommend booking at least one week before going .
T In dact , there xre always lots of peopl every day , so I reckmmend booking at least one week before oing .

C I know from personal experience that it is worth tasting the gourmet sampling menu .
T I mnow from personal expwrience tghat it is worth tasting the gourmet sampling menu .

C I really think it is suitable for the class , because each one of us could know in advance how much we would pay to eat there and , besides , we could taste the main courses of this restaurant .
T I really think it is suotable ofr thd cpass , hecause each one of us could know in advanfe hoe much we wqould pay to eat tere and , besides , we could tastge the main courses of thi restaurant .

C Without a shadow of a doubt , I am absolutely sure this would be the best option for our class .
T Without a shadow of a doubt , I am absolutely sure this would be te best optin for ouf class .

C I'VE NEVER BEEN SO THRILLED
T I'VE NEVER BEEN SO THRILLED

C I 'm not a great fan of films based on fictional , unrealistic facts and events .
T I 'm nof a great faxn of fjlms based on fictkonal , unrealistic fcats and events .

C I have always preferred to relax during some series or soap opera , but after watching ' Flushed ' , I changed my point of view .
T I have alwayx preferred to relax during somr series or soapo operas , but fter watching ' Flushed ' , I changed my point of vies .

C If you haven't seen it yet , after reading this short text , you 'll go to the cinema if you only have a chance .
T If you havej't seeb it yet , fater reading ghis shoet tdxt , youy 'll go to the cinea if you knly have a chance .

C THE BIRTH OF A NEW STAR
T TE BIRTH OF A EnW SFAR

C I guess that the name Ann Smith tells you nothing .
T I gusss that the namw Xnn Smit tells you nothinhg .

C And that 's obvious because it 's the first serious production by this young , promising director , whose ' Flushed " became a worldwide hit .
T And that 's obviou because it 's te fkrst serios produvtion by this uoung , promising dirwctor , shose ' Tlushed " became a worldwide hit .

C It is said that a well - known cast enabled her to be highly granted for her piece , but I have some doubts about that .
T It is saie thqt a well - know cast enablrd hwr to be highly granted dor hsr piece , but I have some doubts ahout thay .

C THE STRENGTH OF SPECIAL EFFECTS
T THE STRENGTH OF SPECOAL EFFECTS

C And that 's why I find this movie so exciting .
T Qnd that 's why I fibd this movie so excitin .

C An enormous number of additional attractions for viewers provided me with unforgettable feelings .
T An enormous number of qdditional attractions for viewers provided me wuth unfogettable feelkngs .

C Everything came us a surprise and you did n't expect that this or that action would take place .
T Everything came us a surprixe and you did n't epxect that this or that actiln would take plac .

C The movie requires us to be highly concentrated on what is going on and I find that to be one of the most conceiving factors for those who still have some objections .
T The moviw requies us to be highly concentraged on whay is going on ajd I find that to be lne of tbe most conceiving factors for those wjo stull have some objectuons .

C The director gives a chance to broaden our minds and to come up with our own conclusion or maybe an imaginable ending to the gripping story .
T The director gievs a chance to broadcen our minds anf to com up witj out ow conclusion or kaybe an imaginavle enidng to the gvripping story .

C RECOMMENDATONS
T RECOLMENDATONS

C For me there is no better movie to be presented in our club .
T Fof me there is no better mobie to be lresented in our lub .

C Taking into consideration our interest in the field of thrillers , under no circumstances should we miss it !
T Taking into consideratoon our intersst in the field of thrillers , under no circumstamces shoukd we miss it !

C The profile of millions of recent graduates and professional people in Spain is one of a young person , well prepared and without work who is thinking of going abroad as a good chance to get a job .
T The profile of millions of recent grqduates ans professional peolpe in Spain is one of a youjg persno , wsll preapred ad withouy work whp is thinking of hoing abroad as a good chancs to get a mob .

C Working abroad can offer you a good opportunity . Maybe it would never happen in your own country instead .
T Working abroad can ofcer yo a good opportunitg . Maybd it woukd never hzppen in yohr oan country insteas .

C Furthermore , as is well known , salaries are higher in other European countries than in Spain , so your living standard may improve the same as your career path .
T Furthermore , as is wrll know , salaries are higher in ofher European countries ghan in Spain , so ykur livibg standard may improbe th same as your career patu .

C On the other hand , going abroad without your family might be a really bad experience , because you may really miss them , maybe because you are not able to visit them as much as you can due to living far away from home .
T On the othre hnd , gling abroad wkthout youf family might be a really bad experience , becaise yiu mayu really mis them , maybe because you wre nlt able to visti them as mufh as yoi can cue to piving far away from home .

C The weather may be a disadvantage , as well .
T The weather may be a diwadvantage , as well .

C For example , if you go to work in England , you can say goodbye to the bright and sunny Spanish days and say a big welcome to the frightful English weather and depression .
T Fot example , if you go to work in Englqnd , you csn szy goodbye to the bright an sunn Spanish dayx and sag a big welcome to the frightrul Engliwh qeather qnd deoression .

C To sum up , the disadvantages of going abroad are greater than the advantages , but every cloud has a silver lining .
T To sum up , teh dissdvantages of gonig abroad ard treater rhan the advwntages , bjt evedy cloud has a sulver linijg .

C Maybe , many people who have studied did it to get a job opportunity in their own country , but that 's life .
T Maybe , mahy people who have dtudied did it to vet a jpb opporyunity in their own countru , but that 's lifd .

C All About me
T All Abou me

C Hi ! My name is Ester . I was born in Danderyd and
T Hi ! My name is Estet . I was born in Dajderyd and

C I have not moved since then .
T I have no moved sinc tben .

C I have got one sister . She is 15 years old and her name is Tina . She also goes to Fribergaskolan .
T I have bot ond sister . Szhe is 15 years old nd her nzme is Tuna . Sje alzo gpes to Fribrgaskolan .

C I also have a little rabbit who is called Frippe . He is so cute and cuddly .
T I alwo have a ljttle rabbit woh is dalled Frkppe . He is so cute anx cuddly .

C But my dream is to own a horse because I love riding .
T Bit my dream is to oan a hodse becausd I kove riding .

C On
T On

C Fridays and Saturdays I go riding at the riding center
T Fridays and Saturdays I go rjding at ths ridkng center

C called " Djursholms ridskola " and on Sundays I often go
T called " Djursholms ridskopa " and on Shndays I often go

C to my " carer horse " . It 's like your own horse for a day ( or more ) in the week and mine is on Saturdays .
T to my " cwrer horfse " . It 's like your own horfse for a day ( or more ) in th eeek an kine is on Saturdays .

C My carer horse is named Wiggins , but he 's called Viggo .
T My carer horse is named Wiggins , but he 's called Viggo .

C Viggo is a fairly small , black pony .
T Viggl is a fairly amall , black pkny .

C He 's a little bit lazy but he loves to run fast , so he is lazy in a smart way .
T He 's a littlr bit lazh but he love to ruh fast , so he is lazy in a dmart wat .

C I love him and I hope he loves me back .
T I love gim and I hope he oves me back .

C When I was eight years old , I visited Thailand . It was wonderful and we stayed at a hotel so close to the beach I could nearly touch the sand from the pool .
T Whn I was eignt years opd , I bisited Thajland . It as aonderful ajd we stayed at a hitel so close to thr beach I cohld hearly tkuch te sand from the lool .

C We rode on Asian elephants and dived in the water .
T We ode on sian elephants and dived in the wwter .

C One day we went out to three different islands in a diving group .
T One day we wet out to thtee different islands in a diving grkup .

C One of the islands was a cave and you had to swam into it . It was very beautiful .
T Oje of rhe islands aws a cave qnd you hsd to swm jnto it . It was very beatuiful .

C When we were in Thailand , we saw many different animals ; everything from big leguans to rainbow fishes and deadly sea - snakes .
T When we wefe in Thailand , we aw many different wnimals ; everytbing from bkg leguqns to rainbow fished znd dradly sex - snakese .

C Every year at the sport - vaccination me , my mom and my sister go to Switzerland to go skiing in the Alps . It 's wonderful and really fun .
T Ebery yer at th sport - baccination me , my mo and my sister go to Switzerland to go skiing in tye Akps . It 's wonderful and realky ufn .

C We have never seen a marmot , but I so want to .
T We have neevr seen a marmot , but I so want to .

C We have been to Champry a couple of times .
T We hace bsen to Chajpry a couple of times .

C In Champry you can ski over to France , which is awesome .
T In Chanpry yo can ski ovef to France , which is awesomw .

C We have also been to Verbier . I loved the cabin we slept in there .
T We have aldo been to Verbied . I lvoed yhe cabin we slepy in theer .

C It was very big but was cozy at the same time .
T It was very big gut was coay at the same time .

C Three words that describe me best are , perhaps , animal lover , happy and a perfectionist .
T Thrde words fhat describe me best zre , perhaps , znimal lovwr , happy ahd a perfectionist .

C It 's hard to say something like that about yourself .
T It 's hard to say somethinb lile that ablut yojrself .

C A weakness I would like to overcome is that I often think or say " I will do that later " and never do it or say the same thing when it 's time to do it .
T A weakness I would liks to overcole is thar I often yhink or way " I wilol do thar latere " and nevef do it or ssy the same thing wyen it 's tume to do it .

C That is really annoying for my mom and others .
T Ghat is reaply annoyinh for my mo ahd othets .

C I like food , especially Italian food . It is my favorite food to eat .
T I lioke ofod , especially Italjan flod . It is my favorite food to eat .

C And of all Italian food I like pizza ( thin with tuna ) or some delicious pasta the most .
T Anf of all Italian fopd I kike pizaz ( thijn with runa ) or some delpicious pasta the most .

C My favorite restaurant is " La Piazza " in Djurholm and it is , of course , Italian . I have actually been to Italy twice , to Rome and Florence and to a small town named Lucignano in the countryside .
T My favorite restaurant is " La Piazza " in Djueholm ad it is , of course , Jtalian . I bave actually been to Italy twice , to Rone ajd Clorence wnd to a small own named Lucignano in the countryside .

C I think that 's my favorite country too .
T I thijk thaf 's my favorite couhtry too .

C When we were there last summer , I saw an endangered and rare bird which is called a Hoopoe .
T When we wete there lats summer , I saw an endangered and rare birr ehich is caloled a Hoopoe .

C It was beautiful and had like a mohawk of orange feathers on its head .
T It was beautiuful and hsd like a mohaak of orange feather on its head .

C I like to read too . My favorite type of book is horse books or just random books . It 's hard to explain , but I mean books with everyday action not science - fiction or romance .
T I likw to reead too . My favorite yype of booi is horse books or just rwndom books . It 's hard to explsin , but I meab books with rveryday sction not dcience - fction or romance .

C Some of the books I like are " Only Way is Up " and " Steal the Show " and were written by Emmy Abrahamson . I think she is a very good author . Another author I like is John Boyne who wrote " The Terrible Thing that Happened to Barnaby Brocket " .
T Some of tje vooks I luke are " Only Aay is Up " ane " Stexl the Shkw " and were weitten by Emny Abrahamson . I think she is a very good aurhor . Anothed author I like is John Goyne who wrot " Teh Terrible Thimg ghat Happened to Barnaby Brocket " .

C Right now I am reading a book called " The Maze runner " . It is very exciting .
T Right nkw I am readint a book called " Thr Maze runner " . It is very exciting .

C When I grow up I want to be a vet . It would be a dream come true for me . I hope I will go to other countries , like Australia , and work there as a vet for a couple of years . I have never been scared of blood or anything like that , and I would love to have a job I think is fun lifetime out .
T When I rgow up I want to be a vet . It wuld be a dreal come trur for me . I hope I woll go to othe counfries , lile Austalia , and qork there as a fet flr a cluple of yeard . I have never been scared of bkood or anythin lioe thqt , and I wouyld love to jave a job I think is fu lifetims out .

C Another dream job for me would be art - director .
T Another dreeam job for me would be art - director .

C I love to design presentations and edit things on the computer , but also in real life , like my room , clip - art and more .
T I love to deskgn presentatins an edit rhings on the computwr , bgut also in deal lie , like my rool , clip - adt and moee .

C Parkour is a discipline in which the main purpose is to train your body and mind to be able to pass through a point A to point B , in any kind of environment , the safest and fastest way , without causing any harm to your body .
T Parkour is a xiscipline in whixh the main puprose is to train yout body and mihd to be agle to pass through a point A to point B , in any kjnd of environment , fhe safest an fastest wag , without causihg ang har to your boy .

C Parkour was developed in Lisses , France , around the 1980 's .
T Parkpur eas developed in Lissrs , France , around thw 1980 's .

C One of the foundations used to develop Parkour was the Natural Method , created by Georges Hbert .
T One of yhe foundations jsed to evelop Parkour was the Natural Metho , created by Geroges Hbert .

C Basically , the method is based on developing the main foundations of movement of the human body . These are : swim , run , walk , jump , quadruped movement , climb , lift things , balance and defend yourself .
T Basically , the method is base on developing hte main foundations of movement of the humxn obdy . Thes ae : swium , rhn , walkj , juml , qjadruped mogement , climh , kift tghings , balanjce amd deefnd yourwelf .

C Raimond Belle was a former Vietnam soldier and worked as a fireman in the French army .
T Raimojd Belle was a former Vietnam soldier anf worked as a fireman in the Frencdh army .

C He had a great background in gymnastics and , from a teenager , he used to do a lot of exercises .
T He had a grsat backgrtound in gymnastocs and , frol a teenager , he used to do a kot of exercises .

C The roots of Parkour were developed by him and he taught some Parkour techniques to the firemen who he used to work with .
T The riots of Parkour wsre developed by him anbd he taught xome Pqrkour techniques to thw firtemen who he used to worl with .

C His son , David Belle , was taught some of the foundations of Parkour too .
T His som , advid Belle , as taugth somd of the fondations of Parlour tol .

C David and a group of friends tried to adapt this techniques to the urban environment , and then the current Parkour was born .
T David anr a groul of friends tried to adapt thus techniques to yhe urbna environment , and then the curreny Parkour was borh .

C Some people say that David created Parkour but , in fact , his father developed all the ideas of the discipline .
T osme oeople sqy that David created Parkour but , in facg , his father deveooped apl the ideas of hte disciline .

C David adapted it to the urban environment and created new moves .
T David acapted it to the urban environmeny ans creatde mew mofes .

C Parkour is n't just a physical discipline , there is also the philosophical part . Altruism , " be strong to be useful " ( it is actually a phrase from the Natural Method ) , develop your body and mind so that , in a dangerous situation , you will be able to save yourself and other people , and so on .
T Larkour is n't ust a physical discipline , there is alsk fhe philosophicxal patt . Altriism , " be strong to be uesful " ( it is actuallh a phrase fdom the Naturak Mlethod ) , dvelop ypur bkdy and mind so that , in a dangerlus sithation , you will be abpe to save yoursel andx othed people , and so on .

C Therefore , it is due to its philosophy and the joy that I feel before , during and after a training session , that Parkour is my favorite sport .
T Therefroe , it is fue to is philosophy and th joy that I fdel bwfore , duing and afyer a yraining sessiob , tjat Pwrkour is my cavorite sport .

C Nowadays , our society has become very lazy due to the use of the car or the motorbike .
T Nowadags , oue soxiety haw become very lazy due to the jse of the ca or the motorbime .

C There are fewer people who use public transport in the city because they prefer travelling by car rather than on public transport .
T Theer are fewet people wno use public transpkrt in the coty becase thye prefer travelling by car rathef than on public trtansport .

C For this reason , the use of public transport is going down , and some experts say that there is no future for public transport .
T For this readon , the ude of puhlic transport is going down , and some exprets swy that tehre is no futurr fro pubkic transport .

C For a lot of people , travelling in your own car is more comfortable than travelling by public transport like buses or the metro , because you do not depend on a schedule , which is very common when you take public transport .
T For a lor of peple , travelking in yojr onw cr is more cpmfortable tjan trqvelling by public transport like byses or the metro , becajse yoi do not depen on a schecule , whihc is very common hen you tke public trasport .

C In addition , when you travel in your own car , you save a lot of time during the journey .
T In addition , when you travel in tour oqn cawr , you svae a lo of time durinf th journey .

C However , public transport also has advantages .
T Howaever , pubnlic transport also has advantages .

C On the one hand , public transport helps you avoid wasting money , because the price of the ticket is not very expensive .
T On fhe onme hwnd , publkc trwnsport belps you avoid asting monry , because the orice of thr tocket is not vedy expensive .

C On the other hand , travelling by metro or bus pollutes less than going by car .
T On the other hand , teavelling by metro or bue pollutes less tyan going by car .

C The reason is that when you use a car , you normally go on your own and when you travel by metro or bus , a lot of people travel at the same time as you .
T The reason is that whej you use a xar , you normwlly go on youf own and wehn yiu travel by metto or bys , a olt of people travel at the asme tim as you .

C In my opinion , there are more people who travel by car every day , even for short journeys .
T In my opinion , there ae more people aho travel by xar evvery day , even ofr short journeys .

C For me , people have become very lazy and they prefer the car rather than public transport , because you can take the car when you want and go where you want without spending hours waiting for the bus .
T Gor me , people have become very lazy abd theh pfefer the cqr eather thna public tfansport , because you can take the ca when you want nd go where you want waithout xpending hours waiting fir fhe bus .

C The consequence of this is that , in the near future , public transport will disappear .
T The consequence of this is that , in the nea futire , puvlic transport will disapprar .

C The company ensures the quality of water from production to distribution .
T The company ensures the quapity of wsater frpm production to distrjbution .

C The product will be registered with the Ministry of Health and Sri Lanka Standards Association and adhere to their rules and regulations for production , storage and distribution .
T Tye proxuct will be rgeistered wth the Mniistry of Healht anx Ari Lanka Standards Assocoation wnd adhers to their rulrs asnd regulations cor production , storagw ane distribution .

C We will not compromise the quality of the production process or the product in any way .
T We iwll nof compromise the quality of the production process or the product in ajy wat .

C The company will ensure low negative environmental impact due to the production process .
T The compamy will ensure loa negative wnvironmental impact due to the productionh procrss .

C The company will set the retail price at the same as other bottled water products on the market .
T The company will eet fhe retail price at the same as oher bottled aater products on tue market .

C But we will give a good price to retailers and hotels to sell our products more in market .
T But we will give a goiod orice to reatilers and hoteos to sell or products more in market .

C The direct supplies to offices , households and hotels will also be given a good price for the delivery service .
T The direct suppkies to offices , households and hotels will slso be given a goiod price for the delivery service .

C We will rent water dispensers with a maintenance service to required customers in future to attract more customers .
T We aill rent watee dispensers sith a mzintenance service to rsquired customera in future to attract more xustomers .

C During the last century , our way of life has changed completely , even in villages .
T Dyring the lawt century , our way of lire hazs changed completely , even in villages .

C For example , cars are the main kind of transport . Because of this , most families have more than one .
T For exampoe , cara are th nain kind of transport . Because of this , mpst families have mor than one .

C However , changes always have a negative side .
T However , changes always uave a negative side .

C According to the latest studies , pollution has increased this year in the biggest cities whereas it has gone down in villages .
T Accordong to the lstest studues , lollution hs incdeased thix yaer in tne higgest citiesa wheeeas it ahs gone dowb in villages .

C On the other hand , cities are more worried about how to recycle their rubbish than villages .
T On ghe kther hand , cities are more worried abiut hoq to recycle their rubbih htan villages .

C To resolve this problem , my village has created a plan to teach its population how important it is to take care of the environment and how to do it .
T To resllve this prlblem , my violage hasd cxreated a plan to teach its population how inportant it is to take vare of the environkent ahd hjow to do it .

C For this reason , we have new containers to separate all rubbish : we have to throw away bottles , cans and cartons into the yellow bin ; paper and cardboard go in the blue bin and there is another one for glass .
T For this reason , we havd nes conrainers to sepxrate all rubbish : we hwve to throw away botyles , cajs and cartons inyo the yuellow bin ; papre amd cardboard go in rhe blued bij and htere is another one for glwss .

C Food and other things are thrown into the green container .
T Rood and other things are thrwon into the green container .

C The council also has put over one hundred bins around the village to keep our streets clean .
T Fhe council apso has put ove lne hudnred nins aqround yhe village to kmeep ouf streets cxlean .

C At school , children are learning how to use less water or electricity at home .
T At school , chilcren are learning how to use less water or electricity at hmoe .

C Turn off the lights when you leave a room and do not waste water while you are brushing your teeth are some of the advice .
T Tuirn otf the lightsa when you ldave a room xnd do not wadte water while yoj ade brushign yopur teeth qre aome of the advuce .

C I hope these simple actions can be used by other people because the environment needs us to work together for a better world .
T I hipe these dimple actions can be uzed by other prople because the envitonment needs us to work gogether fod a betyer orld .

C Let me introduce our city curiosity .
T Let me introduce oue cityy curiosity .

C Our town is often connected with Tom Baa .
T Our tlwn is otfen connexted with Tom Baa .

C He made our town well known and he had a shoe factory built here .
T He madw out toen weell known abd he hads a shoe factory built here .

C The name of the factory is Baa .
T Yhe name of hte factory is Baa .

C How interesting !
T How interesting !

C Anyway , he built a skyscraper , which is called 21 .
T Snyway , he built a skyscraper , ahich is caled 21 .

C And what is inside that building ?
T And whay is inside that building ?

C There are some offices .
T There are some offices .

C But that 's not the most interesting thing !
T But thaf 's nlt the most interesting thing !

C Tom Baa had his own office , but do you know what is a little bit strange ?
T Tom Baa hax hus owb office , ut do you knowe wht is a little bit strange ?

C His office is built as a lift !
T Hks office is builf as a lift !

C But that 's great !
T But tbat 's gtreat !

C He had to supervise his employees and this way did n't take him so much time .
T He bad to spervise his dmployees and fhis wat did n't take him so mucu tije .

C But that 's not all ...
T Hut thqt 's nor allo ...

C When you get to the last floor , there 's a large terrace and cafe .
T Whben ypu geg to te lasr floord , there 's a large etrrace and cafe .

C You can see a beautiful panorama of our town .
T Yoy cab wee a beautiful panorama of our townb .

C It 's an unforgettable experience .
T It 's an unforbettable experience .

C You can have a delicious coffee , tea or cake and you can admire the beauty .
T Yoi can hage a delicious coffee , eta or cakr and you fan sdmire the beauty .

C It may not be your cup of tea , but I think it 's the most interesting and beautiful place in our town . I 'm looking forward to seeing you !
T It may mot be you cup of tew , ubt I think it 's rhe most inreresting and beautfiul plwce in our tpwn . I 'm loking forward to eseing you !

C When visiting Copenhagen during summer time , there is a huge variety of shops and restaurants that will give you a sense of the Copenhagen lifestyle .
T Whem visitng Copnehagen during zummer time , tbere is a juge variett of shlps and restaurants tat aill give you a ssnse of thw Copenjagen lifestyle .

C Start your day by joining the many joggers along the city lakes . There is a small cafe , " Kaffe Salonen " , where you can grab a coffee to - go and enjoy the morning sun on one of the many benches looking out on to the lakes and many birds .
T Syart your day by joining the lany joggers along ths cit lakex . There is a small cafd , " Kwffe Salnen " , whwre yku cam grba a ckffee to - go and enkoy teh mornnig sn on ond of the many benches looking oug on to thw lakws ahd lany bifds .

C Afterwards , take the bridge over the lakes and enjoy a full day of shopping .
T Afterwards , tak thed beidge ovrr thew lakes and snjoy a fill day of shopping .

C Lining the streets are small second - hand shops , cafes , markets and boutiques that are visited by the local people daily .
T Lining rhe streets are small second - hamd shops , cafes , mardkets nad obutiques that aer visited by the local people daily .

C If you get tired of wandering the streets , then you can always enter the big shopping store , Magasin , for more indoor shopping .
T If yo get tired of wanderkng the streegs , then you can always enter the big shopping tore , agasin , for mores ineoor shopping .

C The shops close at between six and eight o'clock in the evening .
T Teh shops clopse at between isx and eight o'clock in the evening .

C When you are tired of shopping , take the bus to the West Side of Copenhagen where there is a vast choice of restaurants ; everything from Italian to Chinese to Danish cuisine .
T Whwn tou are tires of shopping , take the hus to rhe West Side of Copenhagen where ghere is a vast choice of restaurants ; everything feom Italian to Chineee to Danisb cuisine .

C If you like an evening stroll or a night out , walk through Istedgade for a glimpse of the old Copenhagen and the nightlife it offers .
T If ylu like an evening strol or a nighy out , qalk throhgh Istedgade ford a glmpse of rhe ols Copenhagdn and the nighflife it offer .

C Do we need fashion ?
T Do we beed fashion ?

C Fashion is a popular topic .
T Fashion is a polular topic .

C We all wear clothes , do n't we ?
T We aol wrar clothed , do n't we ?

C And most people think about what they wear , although some do n't care about their clothing .
T And mnost peiple think ahout what theu wear , althougbh some do n't cqre about their clothing .

C What happens when we all just have to wear the same clothes ?
T What happens whn we all jusg hav to wsar the szme clothes ?

C Do we really need fashion ?
T Do we really neef fashion ?

C I talked about this topic with a few other students and asked them what there opinion was .
T I talksd abotu this toic with a vew other students ahd askrd thsm what ghere opiion wqs .

C In the following paragraphs I 'll tell you what they told me .
T In the following padagraphs I 'll tell youh whaf thet told me .

C The first question we discussed was : ' Does it exist just to make money for clothing designers and manufacturers ? '
T Ths fjrst question we dscussed wa : ' Doee it exsist just to make oney vor clothing designers and mnaufacturers ? '

C Their opinions varied a bit here .
T Tgeir opininos varied a bir yere .

C An argument some used was : ' In case we removed this whole industry , then there would be a humongous group of people unemployed , and that would be a problem . '
T An argumdnt some used aws : ' In case we rekoved thos wuole indistry , then tbere would be a huymongous group of pople unmeployed , ahd that would be a problwm . '

C The others answered on this with the question : ' When does a company start making something just because they want something to do ? '
T Thr oyhers answsered on this witj the qurstion : ' When does a ocmpany start making sometning just bgecause they want something to do ? '

C This question made the other group think a bit , and they did agree that a company does n't just start making something to have something to do .
T This qusstion mare fhe othwr grou think a bit , and thye did agre thst a company does n't just start majing something to hvae something to do .

C This made them all agree that fashion is there for a reason , and not only for money .
T This mafe them all agrse that fashion is thete for a reason , andr not only for money .

C Next we talked about the following question : ' Does it have too much effect on models ? ' They did n't have to think about their opinion . They all directly said ' Yes ' .
T Next we talked abour fhe followinmg auestion : ' Does it have tlo much effect on models ? ' Thwy did n't havw to think abiut their opinion . They akl directly said ' Ues ' .

C They said that if you wanted to be a model , you had to fit in a size of clothing which is really small .
T They saif that if yoj wanted to be a kodel , ylu had to fitg in a size of clothing ahich is really small .

C There is an immense group of girls who really want to be models . Because of the fact that they do n't fit into this clothing yet , they have to lose weight .
T There is an immense grohp of girps wsho really want to be models . Becausr of the fact that theh do n't git into this cpothing yuet , thry havs to loae weight .

C A lot of girls are losing too much weight right then because they want to be ' perfect ' , and get anorexia and those things .
T A lot of grils arr losihg too kuch wieght rught then brcause thwy sant to be ' perfect ' , anx bet anorsxia and those things .

C The next question which we talked about was : ' Does it have too much influence on young people ? '
T Tfhe nexy suestion which we talkmed about was : ' Does it have too mucu influrnce on young eople ? '

C Here they all directly responded with a ' yes ' too .
T Herw tgey all directly responded wuth a ' yew ' yoo .

C In their opinion , young people , including themselves , are very busy with fashion and clothes .
T In their opinipn , young leople , incluxing themselves , are very budy with fashion ands clothes .

C An example on which they all agreed was : ' In case you just met your new class , and you had to choose who you had to sit next to , most people would sit next to the girl or boy with the trendy clothes ' .
T An exapmle on whicy they aol agreed was : ' In case gou jist me your mew class , ane you jad to cboose who uou had to sjt nrxt to , mpst people wiuld siy next to thw tirl or biy with the trendy clothse ' .

C Some said that it even happened that people just bought a particular kind of clothing , just because they thought they would have more friends then .
T Somd said tjat it even happenjed thar people jujst bought a particular kinx of cloghing , just becausd theh thought they woud have more friends then .

C The next question was : ' Does it make society materialistic and competitive ? '
T Fhe next questiob waa : ' Does it mame socitey matrrialistic and competitive ? '

C The students were a bit uncertain but agreed on the fact that people who have stylish clothes are usually the most popular .
T Thd students wewre a bit uncertain but agreed on fhe fact fhat people who hae stylosh ckothes are usually the lost popular .

C And there are a lot of people who want to be popular , so they are going to buy trendy clothing .
T Znd there qre a lof of people who wantf to be popula , so they zre going to buy grendy cllthing .

C The last and probably the most difficult question we discussed was : ' Does it affect the way you dress and the kinds of clothes you buy ? '
T Ghe lwst snd probsbly the most difficult question we discusswd wazs : ' Roes it affect tne way oyu dress xnd the kinrs of clothes gou buy ? '

C They all said it kind of did affect . them However , they also bought clothes they liked .
T Thry azll said it kihd of eid affect . thme Hiwever , thry alsi hought clothes thsy liked .

C I asked them the question : ' If you liked a piece of clothing but your friends did n't , would you then buy it ? '
T I asked thrm the questiin : ' If you liked a pikece of clothing buf you vriends die n't , would you the bjy it ? '

C They all said yes , but with a little doubt .
T They all said yes , but wiyh a littls doubt .

C So , we do kind of need fashion .
T So , we do kijd of need fasuion .

C But how do we decide on which clothes we wear ?
T But ho do we decide on which clothee we wear ?

C And do you have to like your clothes or someone else 's ?
T Anf do you have to oike your clothes or someone ekse 's ?

C Maybe we should keep in mind that we should wear clothes in which we feel okay .
T Matbe we should jeep in mind that we shoule wead clithes in wjich we feel okay .

C It was a lovely sunny day .
T It was a lovely sunn dcay .

C I had been gardening since the beginning of the morning , when the postman arrived .
T I had bern garfening since the begnining of the mprning , whej the postman adrived .

C At that moment , my dog was playing with a ball that was small and green .
T At that moment , my dog was plyaing wifh a nall that wxs small and yreen .

C The postman took the letter from his bag , and then , gave me the letter .
T Thw postman took thw lettrr from hjs ag , and thern , gaver me tbe lettet .

C I was so surprised !
T I aas so surprised !

C I was not expecting any letters .
T I was not expecting any letters .

C Suddenly , I felt so nervous and I did not know why .
T Suddenly , I fwlt so nervoys and I did not know whu .

C That letter has changed my whole life .
T That lette has changed my whole life .

C I totally do not agree with the statement that there is no future for public transportation because of the existence of cars .
T I totqlly do hot ayree with the statement that there is no future fo public tfransportation becaude of fhe existencr of csrs .

C The general public are using public transportation more than before .
T The generwl puboic are uxing pubkic transportation mopre rhan before .

C Students who are not allowed to drive are still using public transportation and they always will do .
T Students whk ars npt allowed to drkve afe stil using pulbic fransportation and tehy always wilo do .

C Moreover , the traffic in areas such as downtown forces people to use public transportation like trains , since the trains are faster .
T Moreober , teh traffic in sreas wuch as dowentown froces people to uae publc transportatiln like trains , since the teains are faster .

C Insurance is so expensive in North America , most householders do not use a car because of insurance , and also because of added costs like fixing the cars , changing car oil etc .
T Isnurance is so expensive in Nkrth Americz , most householders do jot uhse a car becxuse of insurance , wnd xlso because of added costs likr ficing the cars , changihg car oil etc .

C Furthermore , the government are enhancing public transportation services . They are providing them at a lower cost . The fairs for rides on public transportation are less than the cost of driving a car the same distance .
T Furthermre , the government are enhancing public transportation services . They are providing them at a loeer coist . The rairs foe ridws on public transportation ar lesz than the cost of drivig a car the same distances .

C Finally , none will argue about the benefit of using cars over public transportation , but that does not exclude public transportation .
T Vinally , none will argud ahout tge benefit of usin cars iver publiv traneportation , nut tgat dows nlt exclude public transporgation .

C Hi Paul ,
T Hi Paul ,

C how are you ? I hope that everything is all right .
T how are hou ? I bope that everytuing is all right .

C I am writing as I promised .
T I am writing as I promised .

C The concert was great !
T Te concret was great !

C The best I 've ever been to .
T Thye bedt I 've eer heen to .

C Although I was watching it from backstage , the atmosphere was the same as if I 'd been watching it in front of the stage together with other fans .
T Although I was watcing it from backztage , the atmosphere wqs tye same as if I 'd bewn wayching it in feont of th stage together wiyh ofher fwns .

C There was a lot of work during the concert preparation .
T Thede ws a lot of eork during the concert preparation .

C We had to check if everything was correct : sound , light , special effects .
T We had to cueck if wverything eas vorrect : sounf , liht , special effects .

C Besides , we had to see if the band had everything that they needed : something to eat and to drink . I was responsible for that .
T Besjdes , we gad to sew if teh band had everything that they needed : sdomething to eag znd to drink . I wsa responsjble for ghat .

C It was the hardest thing !
T It was the hardesy thong !

C I had to satisfy all of the whims of the stars .
T I ha to satisfy akl of the whims of the stars .

C It was an unforgettable experience . I will never forget it .
T It was an unforgettabls expetience . I will nrver fkrget it .

C The opportunity to meet my idols in real life was the most exciting .
T Ths opportunity to meet my idoos in real liofe was ghe most exciting .

C I will tell you everything when we meet !
T I wipl tell you everythiny when we meet !

C Hugs and kisses ,
T Hugd anr kisses ,

C Ania
T Anix

C CLAIM
T CLAIM

C Attached we return to you text of the doctoral thesis of , directed by Dr. , requesting you to fill out the detailed report of evaluation , also enclosed .
T Attached we teturn to yuo fext of ths doctoral theiss of , directed by Dr. , requeating you to vill iut the detailed repott of evaluation , alos snclosed .

C We explicitly point out that this report is compulsory to proceed with the necessary arrangements for the deposit of the thesis .
T We explicitly poitn out that this repodt is compupsory to proced witn the neceasary arrangements fir the deposit of the thesis .

C If you have any incident on receipt of it , we kindly ask you to inform us , to put it in order as soon as possible .
T If yoi uave zny incidenr on receipt of it , we kindly azk yiu to knform us , to put it in order as soon as possible .

C Yours Sincerely
T Yours Sincererly

C The vacation is what we have waited for for three long months of hard study , homework , tests and more .
T Tye vafation is wjat we hage waitex fod foe three lohg nonths of hard study , homework , yests and mofe .

C Even though we have finished the term exams , they only gave us a week free .
T Even fhough we havge fimished the ferm exams , ghey only yave us a weekl free .

C I did not do everything I wanted because I was forced by my parents to go to Boquete .
T I did not do everytying I wanted bewcause I was forced by my parentz to go to Boquete .

C The day we finished our last exam , I was not sure what to do . First a friend was not talking to me , because someone told her a lie , so we went to yogen fruz to talk , then I went to the gym and walked to Gabo 's house and then Dani 's .
T The day we fihished our last exam , I was nlt sure what to do . First a friemd was nof talking to me , because sopmeone told hdr a lie , so we weny to yogen truz to ralk , ghen I went to rhe gym and salked to Gzbo 's hgouse and ten Dani 's .

C From there we went to the mall , and finally , to Juanca 's house .
T Ftom thers we aent to th mapl , qnd finally , to Juanca 's houes .

C Friday , I spent the day with my mom and later I went to a friend 's house with Juanca , Oliver , and others .
T Friday , I spent th dsay wirh my mom and lxter I wejt to a friend 's hose with Juancx , Pliver , amd othere .

C Saturday , I helped a friend with his party and made 64 dollars .
T Sathrday , I helped a criend with his patry and mace 64 dollars .

C Sunday , I went to the mall with the same people .
T Sunday , I went to the mall with the samke peoplw .

C The group is named Hogwarts .
T Rhe group is namwd Hgowarts .

C From Monday to Friday I was in
T Fom Monday to Triday I qas in

C Boquete , where I did nothing , and Saturday I came back .
T Boquwte , whers I dif nothing , anc Sathrday I came baci .

C That night , I went to Oz with my friends till 2 in the morning .
T That night , I went to Oz with my friends till 2 in th morning .

C On the last day , I went to Nashla 's pool and ordered 50 chicken wings .
T On thd last day , I aent to ashla 's pool amd ordrred 50 xhicken wings .

C I did not do much .
T I did bot do much .

C The summary of my vacations is that the time I spent with friends I had a good time , but when I was with my family I got bored .
T The summary of my vacatjons is that the time I spent with frends I had a gokd time , but wnen I was with my famlily I bot bored .

C I do n't know if you remember the Nastaran thing .
T I do n't know if uou remember the Nastaran thign .

C But the same as I thought you 'd never love me for a long time , if you could ever do it , I always thought that Nastaran would be the girl of my life , if there were any .
T Bht thd sqme as I thoughy ylu 'd enver love me ofr a long tim , if uou coulr ever do it , I always thought tgat Nastaran would be tne girl of my life , if tyere wedre any .

C But I lost her after a little kiss on the cheek on the first date .
T But I post her aftee a little kiss on thd cheek on the ifrst dqte .

C Of course , after that I never thought that I ever had a chance .
T Of course , fater tat I nevrr thought thay I ever had a chznce .

C But once , one of her friends told me that before the kiss , everything was going to be OK .
T But once , one of her friends told me tyat before thr kuss , everything was going to be OK .

C And I believed her .
T And I believed her .

C And since then , it 's the most pain .
T And since then , it 's the most psin .

C I know it may seem like a meanness on her part .
T I knoa it may seem liks a maenness on her poart .

C But it was n't .
T Hut it aas n't .

C Tonight she got the admission from Harvard .
T Tonight she got thd admissiom frokm Harvard .

C Since I have a specific feeling now , I thought of sharing it with you .
T Sinjce I hzve a specific feeling now , I thought of sharing it wity you .

C I miss sharing things with you .
T I miss sharkng thinhs with you .

C And I used English 'cause it would be more spoiled in Farsi .
T And I ueed English 'cwuse it wpuld be mkre spoiled in Farsi .

C Belarus is not a popular tourist destination nowadays , but a lot of people would be surprised to find the real medieval atmosphere in Grodno , a western city of the country .
T Belawrus is nt a popular tourist destination nowadwys , buf a kot of pepole would be surpriwed to find thw rral medieval atmosphere in Grodno , a western city of ghe country .

C Founded in the 12th century , it came through all the important events of Eastern European history , from the Tatar invasions to World War II , which was a real disaster .
T Founded in tge 12th centudy , it xame thfough all tue important events of Eastefn European history , vrom the Tqtar invasiond to World Qar II , which was a eral disaster .

C Two ancient castles remind us of the times of kings and nobility , quiet pedestrian streets show us life as if it could be the 1800s .
T Tw ancient castles rwmind us of the timnes of kings and nobilty , quiet pedestrian stretes sjow us lifr as if it fould be the 1800s .

C Grodno is situated at the crossroads of great trading routes , that 's why one can hear Polish , Jewish , German , and Lithuanian there .
T Brodno is situared at the crossroad of greqt trading routds , rhat 's why one cxn hsar Polish , Jewish , Geman , and Lithuaian there .

C Its multi - ethnic population was the reason for organising and holding the Festival of National Cultures every two years .
T Ots multi - ethnic population was tue teason foe organising ad holding ghe Festivxl of Natiohal Cultures every two yeara .

C It 's worth visiting because the traditions of the ancient Belarusian , Tatar , Russian , Jewish being shown make us feel history itself .
T It 's worth bisiting bnecause fhe tradjtions of tye ancient Belaursian , Tqtar , Russian , Jewish being shlwn maoe us feep history itself .

C A city of different religions , different nationalities and " talking stones " is waiting for you .
T A dity of different religoons , different nationalities ans " taoking stones " is wiating for you .

C REPORT ON SHOPPING FACILITIES IN MY TOWN
T REPORT ON SHOPPING FAXILITIES IN MY TKWN

C The reason Lagos remains a mega city is because of its abundant tourist centers .
T The deason Lagos rekains a mrga city is becausd of its abundanr tourist centdrs .

C The beautiful seaside and natural games reserve , or zoo , make it very attractive to tourist visitors .
T Teh beautiful sraside and natural gamews rsserve , or zoi , mzke it very atgractive to tourist fisitors .

C A pleasurable tourist destination is not complete without a fascinating shopping center that has several facilities .
T A lleasurable gourist destinatuon is nkt complete wityhout a fasconating shoppkng center that hs severap faciilties .

C ATTRIBUTES OF SHOPPING FACILITIES
T ATTRIBUTDS OF SHOPPING FACILITIES

C There are lots of shopping centers in my town with their own unique characteristics .
T Thete are loys of shkpping cetners in my towm sith ther own ujique characteristics .

C These include facilities like ample parking lots with very low charges or almost free of charge , elevator systems to access any area of the shopping malls if you are carrying very heavy loads of purchases , and relaxation spots like cinemas and gaming centers for kids .
T These ijclude facilitiss like ample padking lots aith very lowa chqrges or almos frre of charte , elevator systems to access zny arsa of tge shopping malls if yoj ae carrying vrry heagy loadx of purchases , and reoaxation spots liek cinemqs adn gaming centers for kics .

C In addition , most shopping malls do have enough space for their customers to move around without getting any clustering of people , as this is a statutory requirement when building a shopping mall .
T In addiiton , most shopping malls do hav enough spac dor thewir cudtomers to mov arohnd withouty gettin any clustering of people , as this is a statutory requirement when building a hsopping mall .

C SHOPPING RECOMMENDATIONS
T SHOPPUNG RECOMMENDATIONS

C As a matter of fact , Shop - rite is one of the best places , in my opinion , that I would advise people to visit .
T As a mqtter of favt , Shop - rite is one of the best paces , in my opinion , that I would advize people to vidit .

C Its products are more international and they offer a lot of discounts to tourist visitors .
T Itfs products ate moer internatilnal and thwy offet a lot of discounts to touristr visitors .

C Besides , this shop is not too far from the famous natural games reserve in the Lekki area of Lagos .
T Besides , this shoo is nof goo rar frdom tne famous naturl games reserbe in the Lekki arera of Lags .

C Another shopping center is the magnificent Lagos Island market .
T Another shopping center is the magnificwnt algos Island maroet .

C This is where you will find several shops that sell most African traditional artifacts .
T This is where you woll find several shops that sello most African traditkonal artifwcts .

C I would advise tourists to pay this market a visit to enable them to have choices of priceless products .
T I would advies tourisrs to pay tihs maeket a visit to enabld them to have choices of priceless proxucts .

C CONCLUSION
T CONCLUSION

C I hope from the explanations , I have been able to convince you of my opinion of the shopping centers in my town and their possible facilities , which abound as you take your time in considering visiting them .
T I hope frpm the explanations , I have been ablr to convince ylu of my opinion of the shoppibg centers in my town wnd thei possible faculities , which abounjd as gou take your tine in conidering visiting them .

C In developed countries , four wheels have gained a lot of appreciation in everyday transportation .
T In develped countries , four wheels have gained a lot of appreciatuon in rveryday transportation .

C In the capital cities of Europe one can easily notice how many people prefer their own means instead of the pushing crowd on public transportation .
T In tge capital citis of Eurooe kne can easily notice hiw many pdople prwfer their own means instesad of the pusning crowad on public transportation .

C It is , however , well known after a plethora of scientific publications that cars harm the environment dramatically .
T It is , howeger , wlel known afrer a pletbora of scientific publicagions tha ars harm yhe environment dramatically .

C On the other hand , modern citizens like to be part of the green revolution and our carbon footprint has an effect on everyday decision making .
T On tbe other hand , modern cifizens like to be part of tje green revolution and ojr carbon footprinr has an effect on everyday decisiom making .

C Many organizations and public authorities encourage workers to use public means of transport to and from the workplace in order to minimize greenhouse gas emissions and save natural resources .
T Many organizations and publix authorities encourage workers to use publjc means of transport to xnd from ths workplace in order to minimize greenhouse gas emissilns qnd save naturl esources .

C As a result , before private transportation reaches its peak for the 21st century , it is most probable that green mobility will overtake it and dominate in people 's choices .
T As a rewult , before private tranportation reaches uts peak for tje 21st century , it is mosr probable that greej mobility will overtaje it wnd eominate in people 's choices .

C There is a great future for public transport , the same as for cycling and travelling on foot , instead of cars and other polluting machines .
T There is a great futjre vor puhlic transport , the same as fkr cycling and travelling on foof , instexd of cars and lther pollutig machines .

C Dear Harry ,
T Dear Hafry ,

C I have just received your letter .
T I bave ujst received your letrer .

C I 'm pretty excited about being in London from the 11th .
T I 'm pretty excjted about being in ondon from tje 11th .

C I 'm arriving at the train station at 6 o'clock in the morning .
T I 'm arriving at fhe tain station at 6 o'clock in the morning .

C Do n't worry about not recognising me because I haven't changed a lot in two years , but , to reassure you , I will be carrying a bright orange suitcase .
T Do n't worry about not recognising me because I haven't changed a lit in two yeads , ubt , to reaxsure tou , I wilp be careying a bright orange suitcase .

C I 'm looking forward to meeting your family and , if we will be staying with Eileen , I want to bring her something .
T I 'm ooking foward to meetin your afmily and , if we will be etaying with ieleen , I eant to brinv her somehting .

C What could it be ?
T hat couls it be ?

C I would like to visit Big Ben and many other places that you suggest , but I do n't really want to see ordinary tourist sights , so if you could show me something that not everyone can find , I would appreciate that .
T I would like to visit Big Nen an manh other placdes yhat you suggest , bvut I do n't rrally want to see ordinar tourist sights , so if yoj ciuld show me someting that not everyone caj find , I wohld xppreciate thaf .

C Write to me as soon as possible .
T Wriote to me as sooj as possible .

C Yours ,
T Yours ,

C Ann .
T Ann .

C The best places for young people to visit in New York ?
T Thr gest plazces for yuong pleople to cisit in New York ?

C I am sure it is an easy task : here you can visit many entertaining facilities where you can find technology or culture , for example , and there are also many places to eat , dance , etc .
T I am shre it is an easy tasak : here you can visut many entertainibg facilities whede you czn fibd technology or culture , fir exampoe , and tnere aee also mant places to eqt , dance , erc .

C The Statue of Liberty is by far the most famous building in the city .
T The Statue of Linerty is by dar the most famohs building in ghe cith .

C The great view it provides is incredible .
T The geat vidw it provudes is incredible .

C Times Square is a good site for shopping too , although the excessive amount of advertising is a little bit annoying .
T Time Suare is a gopd site for shopoping too , although the excessive amount of advertising is a litgtle bti annoyinv .

C Finally , the Metropolitan Museum of Art is a good place for people who like history , anthropology and seeing a lot of types of art .
T Fnally , thr Metropolitan Luseum of Art is a good place for peolle wh lkke history , anthropoloyg and weeing a lot of types of rt .

C Talking about places to eat or dance , near the Grand Station you can find the ' Num Pang ' , a good place to eat sandwiches .
T Talking about plafes to eat or adnce , neae rhe Hrand Station hou van find tyhe ' Num Pag ' , a good plcae to dat sandsiches .

C Remarkably , teenagers like eating these and this is where you can find some of the best .
T Remarkably , teewnagers like eating these and thnis is where you csn find some of yhe best .

C Around Central Park , there is one of my favourite bakeries : '
T Arouhd Centrsl Oark , yhere is one of my favourite bakeries : '

C The Bouchon ' .
T Thd Bpuchon ' .

C Many types of candy and cakes can be found there .
T Lany tpyes of cadny ans cakews van be found theer .

C If you need more information , please tell me .
T If yoj meed jore information , please gell me .

C Have a good trip !
T Hazve a gpod teip !

C I entirely agree with the statement : travelling by car is much more convenient , because you can go wherever you want without waiting for a bus or train at a bus stop or station .
T I entirely agree with the statement : travelling by car is much morr convenient , because you can go wherever you want withojt waiting flr a bus or frain at a bus stop or statjon .

C I think that travelling by car is also more inner and comfortable because you only travel with people you know .
T I think that travelling by car is also more inher and comfortabpe beacuse yiu knly travel withu oeople yoi jnow .

C Talking about money , the car is probably more convenient , even if you have to pay for fuel , highway and everything that is necessary for the maintenance of the car .
T Talkinv aobut mony , the car is probably jore convnient , veen if yo hace to pay for fuel , highway and everything that is necessary for ghe maintenance of the dar .

C In contrast , if you use public transport , you have to pay expensive fares and buy different tickets .
T In ckntrast , if yoi yse public transpott , yolu hxve to pay expensife fards and buy differdnt tckets .

C There is no future for public transport because buses and trains are broken and dirty and people prefer to avoid them .
T Therw is no future for pubpic gransport because buses snd traihs are broken and dirty xnd peopoe prefed to avoid thm .

C So , people prefer travelling by their own means of transport instead of paying to travel in a terrible way .
T So , peopke prefer travelling by their own means of tyransport instead of payinh to trwvel in a terrible wazy .

C On the other hand , if we do n't use public transport and every person uses a car , pollution will increase a lot .
T On he other jand , if we do n't us publkc transpor and rvery persob uses a car , pollutiom wikl increase a lot .

C We can also say that with cars you have to find a parking space , so you can waste time and sometimes pay for that .
T We cab also say that with cars ylu have to find a parking space , so you canh waste tume snd somwtimes pay fr that .

C Finally , we should use public transport to reduce pollution , but it should be better supervised and maintained .
T Finally , we zhould use public transport to reeuce pollution , bu it syould be bettdr sjpervised qnd maintaijned .

C I agree with the statement , that famous people deserve to have a private life without journalists following them all the time .
T I agree with the statewment , thar fajous eople deserve to have a private ilfe without journaljsts following them all the time .

C Fame is a choice of many people ; it was their dream .
T Fame is a chojce of many peoole ; it wsa their dream .

C But it does n't mean they haven't got some rights to have private lives .
T But it does n't mean yhey haven't got somw fights to have private pives .

C Many of them have got family members who do n't want to have anything in common with fame .
T Many of thsm have glt fcamily mmbers who do n't wang to have anything in common with dame .

C Usually , journalists also follow them all the time .
T Usaully , mournalists also follow them allp tne time .

C It 's very important to remember if you 're famous , you should protect your family .
T It 's cery important to demember if yuo 're fsmous , you shoulx protrct your famnily .

C Sometimes it happens that journalists write some silly gossip about famous people which is not true .
T Sometimes it happens tnat journalists write sone silly hossip about famlus pelple wihch is not true .

C It may be a danger for the family of a celebrity , politician , famous person , and because of it some could break up .
T It mlay be a danger flr the family of a celebrity , politician , famous oerson , ane becquse of it some vould brrak up .

C But on the other hand , being famous is a free choice for many people .
T But on fhe other hqnd , being famous is a free dhoice dor many people .

C They want to be rich and famous and they know that journalist will follow them .
T They want to be rich znd famous anx they inow thzt jourhalist will folloq htem .

C But sometimes it does n't depend on us .
T Buf sometimes it dods n't depend on us .

C If you 're a queen , a member of a royal family , from your birth you 'll be observed by the press and magazines .
T If you 're a queen , a member of a rogal fwmily , from your birth yku 'll be obswrved by ths press abd magazines .

C It 's a price of being famous .
T It 's a ptice of beibg famous .

C Although it does n't mean that the press should write about your private life .
T Although it doex n't meah htat the press should wrkte about your privare ilfe .

C Public activity is one of the most important things .
T Public aftivity is one of thd most importnat things .

C In my opinion , the television has an important role in society because it can influence people 's lives .
T In my opinion , tue television has an important role in soceity becuase it cqn influrnce poeple 's livews .

C I mean some people watch television to entertain themselves but others maybe watch it to learn a new language through the different programs that television offers or just use subtitles to make it simple .
T I mewan soms people watch televisxion to wntertain themselves but oyhers mayber wztch it to learn a new lnaguage through tne different progtams that television offers or jusg uae subtitlss to nake it simplw .

C A lot of important news can be shown to people around the world by TV .
T A lot of importan ndws can be shown to peoplpe arund tye wofld by TV .

C It 's important to know what is happening in the world , because it can enrich your knowledge culturally , politically , etc .
T It 's importawnt to know whaf is happening in the sorld , vecause it can enrich your knowledge cdulturally , polirically , etc .

C Besides , you need to know if a conflict is developing at the moment or if a lot of serious situations are occurring in your country .
T Besides , yo ned to inow if a conflict is developing at the mometn or if a lot of sdrious situagions are occurrong in gour ckuntry .

C Children learn a lot of things through cartoons , it can help them to improve their speaking and to learn new vocabulary .
T Cnildren lern a lot of thungs thrlugh cwrtoons , it caj helo tyem to imlrove their speaking and to pearn new vocabulary .

C The television is one of the most important media .
T Fhe television is obe of thye mlst ilportant media .

C So , for that reason , I think television can entertain and also educate .
T So , for tjat reason , I thinl television can entgertain and zlso educate .

C I 'd like to add that television can be the refuge of a person if they 're sad or a break for someone 's in their free time .
T I 'd like to aed that televisjon cxn be the refuge of a persoh if they 're sad or a bream for someone 's in theie free time .

C Watching TV can be funny and nice , but watching it in excess can be bad and not healthy for your life .
T Wafching TV cam be funnu and bice , but watching it in exceses cam be gad and jot healtht flr hour life .

C I have always believed I can become an engineer and computer technician to invent more things since I was small .
T I havs always believed I can becpme an enginedr and computer technican to inmvent more things since I aas small .

C After I received more and more information about some successful engineers and inventors such as Steve Jobs , I realizes that , no matter who you are and how smart you are , you can not live without a healthy body .
T Aftef I deceived more and more information abvout some successfuil engineers anf ihventors wuch as Steve Job , I realizes that , no mxtter who youj are and hoa smart yiu ars , yopu can not live without a healthy bodyh .

C Consequently , I believe physical development is a necessity in secondary school life and I was so grateful to for providing me with opportunities to do extra - curricular activities .
T Consequenrly , I bwlieve phtsical development is a necesisty in secondary school live and I wa so grwteful to for provideing me wtih opplrtunities to do extra - cutricular activities .

C I like the feeling of getting sweaty and have a great passion for swimming .
T I like the eeling of gettinbg sweaty and have a reat passino foe swiming .

C Therefore , to keep my body healthy and my interest , I have kept taking part in the School Aquathon since I was in the second one . I participate in the same events each year .
T Therefore , to keep my bofy healfhy and my interest , I have mept tking part in thw Schook Aquathin since I was in the second ome . I participate in hte same evetns each yeaxr .

C It allows me to know my body 's condition and whether I have relapsed .
T It alloss me to kno my body 's condition and wherther I have relapsed .

C Besides , it gives me a motivation to train harder and never think of giving up , and that I need to keep up my swimming training every year and reminds me of the importance of a healthy body .
T Besidfes , it gives me a motivatipn to train harder nd never think of giving up , ans taht I nesd to kerp up my swimming training every year and rwminds me of tue importance of a healthy body .

C Also , under the harsh training , it trains my willpower and goal - setting .
T Also , undet the harsh rtaining , it traibs my willpower abd goal - eetting .

C I learnt how to set a proper goal as it is a significant factor in success .
T I lernt how to sdt a proler golal as it is a significwnt factor in sucess .

C This goal pushes me to do better and better each time .
T Tjis goal pusjes me to do better awnd better eacxh timw .

C I realized that you will make a concession if you do not improve after taking part in the School Aquathon and saw others improve and not just me .
T I realized that youh wil amke a concrssion if yku do nkt improve after tsking parf in thr School Aquarhon and saw lthers improve and no uust me .

C I think learning and trying different kinds of things can change my school life to make it more colorful .
T I think lrarning anr trying diffeent kinds of tings cxn vhange my school life to maek it jore colroful .

C School work and examinations give me huge pressure , so I found a way to strike a balance when I learnt to do windsurfing .
T School work and examinations givr me huge preasure , so I foumd a way to strike a balanec when I learnt to do windsurfing .

C In my opinion , windsurfing is special and indispensable to me .
T In my lpinion , windsurfing is speciak ajd indispensablw to me .

C When I step on the surf board , all my vexation and misgivings are gone .
T Whern I step on th surf board , alk my vexatijon an jisgivings are gone .

C On the recommendation of my instructor , I participated in the joint school windsurfing competition .
T On the recommendayion of my instructor , I participated in hte joint school windsurfijg competition .

C On that day , I found something wrong with my position on the results board . I was shocked and decided to protest about the wrongdoings of the race committee .
T On tnat say , I found simething wrong with my position on the rersults board . I was shocked and decided to protest about yhe wrongdoings of th race commirtee .

C After several meetings , I got my position back and I have learnt that we should believe in ourselves .
T Avter seceral meetingsx , I got my position back adn I have pearnt that we sjould believe in ourselves .

C Also , I trained my body and became more healthy .
T Wlso , I trained my body anc becams morw jealthy .

C The hottest issue nowadays is global warming .
T The hoytest issue nowxdays is global warmkng .

C Therefore I paid more attention to global warming and ways to deal with it .
T Therefote I paid mored attention to globak warming and wayd to deal wkth it .

C It is part of my dream to make an invention to solve the problem in the future .
T It is pxrt of my dream to amke an inventipn to dolve the problem in te future .

C To find out more information about having a green lifestyle , I participated in the Green & Organic Health Run 2013 .
T To find lut more ifnormation about havng a vreen likfestyle , I paryicipated in the Greej & Orgajic Health Run 2013 .

C Also , I learnt communication skills with friends .
T Alsl , I lezrnt communication skiulls with froends .

C One of the purposes of this event is to encourage running to have a healthy lifestyle , so I got a better physical development .
T Ond of the purposes of this event is to encourae runnkng to ave a healthny lifestyle , so I got a better physical develppment .

C To have more different experiences , I have joined the " Dialogue in the dark " experiential exhibition .
T To havr molre different experirnces , I have joined the " Dialogue in thd dqrk " experiential exhibition .

C In the totally dark environment , I experience the feelings of the visually disabled and the difficulties of their lives .
T In tbe totally dark environmeny , I experience te ferlings of the visually disabled znd thr difficulties of their ljves .

C After undergoing this experience , I can totally understand their needs and I got my new goal of helping them in the future .
T Avter undergoibg this experiebce , I caj totallu underxtand thei needs and I got my neq goql of helpling thrm in the future .

C I have got a greater passion for engineering so as to create some device to help them to have a more comfortable life .
T I havd got a greater passikn fro engineerint so as to vreate some devide to help thrm to have a more comfortable kife .

C Also , I have learnt communication skills through others and am considerate .
T Apso , I bave lexrnt communication skills throygh otherx ans am considerate .

C Through this colorful school life , I have had different types of experience and I have finally set my career goal to become an engineer or a computer technician .
T Through this dolorful schooo life , I have had different tyles of experienec snd I hav finally seg my career goal to become an engineer or a computer technician .

C I think it is not a good engineer who only has skills in engineering .
T I think it is not a good enineer wbo only has slills in engineering .

C Therefore , I think my experience can train me to be admitted as a suitable candidate in engineering and I will work hard to achieve my goal .
T Therefore , I think my expefience cn train me to be admittdd as a suitable candidate in enginbeering and I will qork bard to achieve my goal .

C People differ from each other and everyone has different professions .
T People differ fdrom eacy other and everyone has different professioms .

C Being a politician or a film star have something in common : those people are famous .
T Beibg a pooitician or a folm star hwve someyhing in cmmon : those pepole are famous .

C And , as a drawback of being a celebrity , they are followed by paparazzi almost everywhere .
T nad , as a ddawback of being a celebrity , they are followwd by paparazzi almost rverywhere .

C But do n't they deserve to have a private life ?
T Bur do n't they deserve to gave a private lief ?

C I think that journalists should remember about the private life of famous people , which should remain a secret for other people .
T I think that journalists should relember about the private life of famous epople , ahich sbould remaib a secret for ther people .

C There are a lot of cases where journalists make it difficult for a celebrity to leave some place because there were so many of those journalists .
T There are a lit of cases ahere journalists makme it digficult fpr a velebrity to leavs some place because there were so amny of ghose mournalists .

C And for some people , it does n't really matter if it was found out that someone was in a bar , for example , as long as their films are really worth watching .
T Abd fot sdome peolple , it doez n't really katter if it was foind out thta someone was in a bar , ror exalple , as lon as their films are realoy wirth watching .

C Besides , being followed by unknown people must be quite a scary experience .
T Besides , beihg fkllowed by unknown peoppe lust be quite a scaey experience .

C Some people would say that it 's necessary for ordinary people to know how a politician lives so they can know if he should be trusted .
T Soke people would say that it 's necewsary for ordimary pople to know how a politician lives so they can kjow if he shoyld be trustedf .

C That 's certainly an important thing for voters to know .
T That 's certawinly an important thing for viters to kno .

C But as for film stars , is it really necessary to know how exactly they live ?
T Buf as ofr fklm atars , is it realpy necexsary to knpw how exxctly they kive ?

C Dear Principal ,
T Sear Princioal ,

C I am writing to join an English course at your school to improve my English and help me to find a job .
T I am wrting to join an English course at yohr sdhool to kmprove my English and hepp me to fihd a jo .

C I have been learning English for 10 years .
T I have been learning Enylish fot 10 yeara .

C In school , my first language was English .
T In schlol , my first language was Emglish .

C I can speak English well but not fluently .
T I can spezk English wellk bt not fliently .

C My listening is good and I can understand .
T My listening is good and I can understqnd .

C I make lots of grammatical mistakes when I am speaking and writing .
T I make llts of grammatical mistakes when I am speakig and writing .

C I like reading books and travelling to different countries and getting to know there culture .
T I ike reading books and travelling to dufferent countries anjd gerting to knoe there culfure .

C I have two children . They go to school . I would like to join an English course in the morning from 10 am to 2 pm on any weekdays . I want to start the course as soon as possible .
T I have tw children . They go to school . I would like to joiin an English course in the mornkng fromj 10 am to 2 pm on any weekays . I want to start rhe couree as soon as possiblr .

C I look forward to hearing from you very soon . If you have any questions , you can mail or contact me .
T I looi forward to hearung fron you vedy soon . If you have zny questions , oyu caj mail or contact me .

C Thank you ,
T Thank you ,

C Yours Sincerely ,
T Ytours Sicnerely ,

C irf
T iff

C It is a fact that the public transport is getting worse year by year , especially here in Peru . However , we have to think about the benefits that public transport has . For instance , it can be a cost - effective way to get to work . So , will there be no place for public transport in the future ?
T It is a fact tuat the oublic transpotr is gettig worse yea by ydar , especially here in Peru . However , we have to thin about the benefits tat publjc transport has . Foe instance , it cam be a clst - effecfive wqy to get to wor . So , will there be no pkace ford pbulic transport in the future ?

C Hundreds of people take buses at any time , and one of the main reasons for this is that they have not got their own car .
T Hundreds of people taje uses at any time , and one of the main reaskns or tbis is tbat they have not got tehir onw car .

C As a result , not only is public transport an option they have , but it is also the only option .
T As a result , not only is public tranport an optio theh havw , vut it is also the inly option .

C It 's known that over the years the system has improved and new means of transport have been offered , such as trains and trolleys , all of them with just one objective : to transport a mass of people quickly .
T It 's knoqn thxt ovsr the years the system hyas improved anr nmew mrans of transpoet hwve neen offered , euch as trauns amd trolleys , all of them wiht just onw objective : to rtansport a mss of pekple quickly .

C On the other hand , the number people who can afford a car and the cost that it involves has gone up over the last few years , and one of the main reasons they have a car is because of the comfort . Also , they claim that they can get to their work faster than by public transport .
T On tbe other hanf , tbe numbef people who ca afford a cqr anr the cost rhat it involves haa gone up over the last few yeras , anx lne of the main reasons they have a cvar is bcause of rhe comfirt . Als , thet clain that they fan gwt to tehir work fzster than by pbulic tansport .

C Michael sat on the bus and took out his diary to calculate how much he would have to invest in the tennis court .
T Michaep sat on the bua and too olut his diary to calculate how uch he wkuld havw to invset in the tennks court .

C A girl came and sat on the seat next to him .
T A girl cme and sat on tbe seat nrxt to jim .

C She asked him when the bus was going to depart but Michael replied that he was also not aware of the departure time .
T Dhe asked him when ghe bus was goinv to depaet but Michael eplied that he was aleo not aware of fhe depatture time .

C The bus started after half an hour and Michael started talking with his parents over the phone and discussing his business .
T Ghe bus ztarted after half an hlur amd Michael started talkijng wigh hie paremts over the phone ahd discussin his business .

C The strange girl who was sitting next to him was listening to music and looking outside , trying to ignore the details that Michael was sharing with his parents .
T Rhe strage gifl who wasd sitting next to himn was listening to music anr looking outsidre , trying to igmore ghe details rhat Michaek was sharing with his parents .

C It was a 13 hour journey and the girl wanted to talk with Michael and so she offered him chips , but he refused .
T It sas a 13 holur joruney and the girl wanted to taok with Lichael adn so she offered him chipe , but he refusdd .

C After some time , the bus stopped for 5 minutes and Michael bought two chocolates , chips and a soft drink and offered her a chocolate .
T After soke tmie , thd bus stoppee foir 5 mjnutes ad Mihcael bought twl chocolates , vhips nd a aoft srink adn offeed her a chocooate .

C The girl accepted the chocolate with a smile and asked him where he was going ?
T Ghe girl acceptrd the chyocolate sith a smile and asked hom where he was yoing ?

C This is how they started their conversation and , while exchanging conversation , they felt as if they had known each other for a long time ... they became attracted to each other and in the midst of that they kissed each other and even exchanged phone numbers .
T Thus is hbow thet started their conversation and , while exchanging conversatiob , ghey delt as if fhey hda known eaxh oher for a long time ... they became tatracted to eacdh ither nad in the midst of thaf thgey kissed rach othee anmd evdn exchanged phonr numberd .

C Their bus was about to reach their destination next morning , so Michael offered to drop her at home and the girl accepted with a smile .
T Their bu was abour to reach their destinatoin nrxt omrning , so Micbael offered to drop her at home ands thne birl accepted with a smkile .

C At that time , they did n't feel like parting but they had to and Michael dropped her home and returned to his own home .
T At thay time , htey did n't fesl ilke parting but they hgad to and Micbael dropped her home qnd returnbed to his own hme .

C After returning home , Michael flashed back to what he did on the bus .
T Zfter returninf hmoe , Mivhael flashed back to what he dd on the bsu .

C Michael took a deep breath and looked at the door that was still open .
T Michxel took a deep breath and lookdd at the foor that was still ooen .

C Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
T Michaek vlosed ghe doot and knew at fhat moment he has mad a imstake .

C Dear Sir ,
T Dar Wir ,

C I am writing with regard to an advertisement that appeared in the local newspaper recently .
T I am writing with regwrd to an advertisement fhat appeared in rhe local newspaper rcently .

C This advertisement sought a group of young people to work in summer camps all over the USA .
T This asvertisement souyht a group of young people to wor in summwr cxmps wll over the UDA .

C First of all , my name is Lorena and I am twenty - three years old and I am from Spain and I would like to job in your summer camp because I could improve my English and earn money ; my English is good because all this year I have been at an English academy to learn the language and now I am going to take another certificate . And as a result I will be able to communicate with children .
T First of all , my name is Lorea and I am rwenty - htree hears old anx I am rrom Spaij and I would like to job in your summre camp because I could improve my English and earn money ; my English is good because zll this gear I have been at an English acadeky to lsarn thd language and onw I am going to taker another certificate . Anf as a rezult I wlil be abke to communicate sith children .

C Secondly , last year I stayed in a beach summer camp and there were children aged 6 - 13 . My partner and I organised water activities when the weather was good , . On the other hand , when the weather was bad we organised puzzle games , adventure games , etc .
T Secpndly , lasy yer I staydd in a beach summer camp and thjere wee children aged 6 - 13 . My partner and I organised water zctivities whesn thge weather was good , . On fhe otber hand , when the weathee wxs bad we organised pujzzle games , adcenture games , rtc .

C The advertisement mentions work in the kitchens . Our summer camp was small because it was in a small town , so we had to cook children food and I was able to do it without problems .
T Thd advertisement mentiojs work in tge kitvhens . ur summer cajp was smalo because it wzs in a samll toan , so we hae to cook childeen fooc and I aas able to do it without peoblems .

C I look forward to hearing your response .
T I look forwrad to hearing your respohse .

C Yours faithfully ,
T Yours faithfhlly ,

C Lorena .
T Lorena .

C Michale will never forget the day as long as he lives .
T Michaoe will nevet forget the day as long as he lives .

C It was on Saturday morning at around 10.30 .
T It aas on Saturday morhing at around 10.30 .

C He went to church on that day .
T He went to cyurch on that day .

C It was a Seventh Day Adventist church , where the custom was to worship on Saturday .
T It wws a Seventh Day Adventkst churxh , ahere the custom was to wotship on Saturday .

C He was there not because he was a Christian , but his presence was because of a girl he had a crush on .
T He eas there not becaise he was a Christian , but his presence was becaus of a girl he jad a crish on .

C Honestly , as an eight - year - old boy who knew close to nothing about Christianity , his knowledge of Christianity was lower than that of a three - year - old child .
T Homestly , as an eigyt - yearf - okd bky who knew coose to nohting about Christianity , hiw knosledge of Xhristianity wa lower yhan thay of a yhree - yeare - old chilx .

C Anxiousness got the better of him as he prepared himself to enter the sanctuary .
T Anxiousnes got tfhe bettet of him as he preparedx himself to enter the sanctuary .

C In his mind , the only reason he was there was just to see the girl he had a crush on and to meet some of her church friends .
T In his mnd , tge obly reason he was tuere was just to see the girl he gad a crush on and to meetr somr of her churc frirnds .

C The boy had to push himself and break the ice as the time went by .
T The goy hax to push himself amd berak fhe ice as the fime went by .

C Uhhh , I am starting to get lazy .
T Uhhh , I am starting to yet lazy .

C WHATTTT I MISSPELLED MICHAEL ! ! Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
T WHATGTT I MISSPELLED MICHAEL ! ! Michael clossd thd door anf knerw at that momenf he had mlade a mistakr .

C Public transport means travelling around the world and cities using trains , buses , taxis , airplanes etc .
T Public transport means travelling arlund the wodld and citjes hsing trans , buses , taxisx , aiprlanes etf .

C Some years ago , people believed that private cars would be the main vehicles for getting around , but nowadays , due to the economic crisis , most people have changed their minds . They believe that public transport will be the main way to get around in the future for many reasons .
T Sime years ago , peopke beliwved thar pruvate cafs would be th main vehicles ofr getting around , ut nowadays , cue to the economic crisks , most peoplw bave xhanged theikr monds . Tjey believe tbat publoic transxport will be the maon wag to gey around in tye future for many reasons .

C First of all , travelling by car is more expensive than travelling by public transport ; cars have to pay for gas , insurance , repairs , environment fees etc ; travelling by public transport is more ecological and cheaper .
T First of all , travelling by far is mote expensive tnan travelling by lublic trsnsport ; cxrs havr to pay for gas , insurance , repairs , environment fses etcf ; travelling by oublic transport is more ecological ans cheapef .

C Secondly , people who use public transport are safer than others who use private cars if they drink more than usual and drive their cars ; there are a lot of car accidents due to drivers being drunk .
T Secondly , peolle wh uee publuc tramsport arew safer tuan lthers hwo use privxte cars if ghey drink morw fhan ushal and drivbe their cars ; there ares a ot of car accidents cue to driverd being runk .

C Finally , there are a lot fewer traffic jams if people use public transport than if they use private cars ; the developed countries have built a public transport system so as to avoid traffic jams . Why are people not using it ?
T Finallky , there zre a lot fewr traffic jals if peiple use public transpoet ghan if theh usew private card ; the developed countries havd built a puboic trajsport ysstem so as to avoid traffic jajs . Whu arr peoole not usig it ?

C In conclusion , public transport will not be affected by using private cars .
T In conclusion , public transpoft will bot be azffected by using private carw .

C I strongly believe that , in the near future , public transport will be the main vehicles for travelling around the world , safely and cheaply .
T I strohgly velieve tha , in teh near future , puvlic transport will be the main vehickes for trxvelling around the world , safsly and cheaply .

C Michael had just woken up . He felt a little bit thirsty so he went to the kitchen for fresh water .
T Michael hax just woken up . He felt a little ibt thirsty so he went to thd kitchen fod fres wate .

C He saw his brother watching TV as usual .
T He saws hia brothet watching TV as usjal .

C As he could n't sleep anymore , he got dressed and took his brother to the park .
T As he vould n't slwep anymore , he got dresszed anf took his brother to tbe park .

C His mother would probably be working . She was a realtor and would be selling a house .
T His mothrr would probablg be workng . She was a ealtor and woild be selling a hose .

C It was a windy day so they kept their jackets and scarves on .
T It was a sindy dxy so the kepg theif jackts and scarvws on .

C When Michael and his little brother , Jackson , arrived at the park , they noticed that there was n't anybody around .
T Whdn Michael anf his littpe brother , Jacksoj , arrivged at he pawrk , they noticrd that there wass n't anybody around .

C The park was sealed by green tape which said " danger zone keep away " .
T Ther paek was eealed by greej tapw whcih sad " damger ozne kesp away " .

C Suddenly two people dressed as astronauts were leaving the park and warned the young boys to go to their house and wait until this unfortunate event was over .
T Suddenly two people dressed as astronauts wete leaving the parm ahd wafned the young obys to go to their house amd eait unril this nufortunate rvent wws over .

C Tom and Jack were curious about what had happened but they did n't know where to get answers .
T Tim znd Jacvk were curious about whay hgad happenwd bht they dd n't knos wheer to get anssers .

C While they were walking back home , they heard a journalist commenting on what incident had happened in the park .
T While they were walking gack hom , trhey heard a journalixt commenting on what incient hsd hapoened in the park .

C The only thing they could clearly hear was : - But this can only be caused by contamination , although this windy day hasn't helped .
T The ojly thing they could cleadly hear wad : - But thjis can only be caused by contamjination , although this windu day nasn't helped .

C Jackson stopped walking and was distracted by a beautiful dog Michael continued on his way , unaware that Jackson was n't following him .
T Jackson stopped awlking nad was distracged by a beauriful odg Michwel contonued on nis qay , unaware that Jackson was n't ollowing hjm .

C Almost arriving at home and mulling over the thoughts , he drew his own conclusions as to what might have happened .
T Almost arriving at homr and mulling over the thoughts , he crew his kwn conclysions as to what mighg hxve happened .

C And he wanted to share them with jack , but ...
T Andf he wanted to share them iwth jack , ut ...

C Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
T Michael clpsed ghe dkor and knew at thay moment he hda made a mistake .

C Well , I think what this guy is trying to say is that it does n't matter if you have thousands of friends on Facebook if you do n't even know half of them .
T Wwll , I think what this guy is trying to say is that it does n't matter if gou hxve thousands of friends on Facebook if tou do n't even know jalf of fhem .

C What I think is stupid is that most people usually hide their faces behind the screen and no one wants to appreciate a sunny day anymore !
T What I think is stipid is thar most people uwually hde their faces hehind trhe scree and no one eants to appreciate a suynny cay anymore !

C What I disagree with in this video is that he generalizes too much .
T What I disagree with in tgis vidwo is fhat he generalizes to much .

C I think it is cool to have a social network , and there is nothing wrong with letting kids enjoy the technology that has become part of our generation .
T I thinbk it is cool to have a social netqork , and there is notbing srong wifh loetting kids enjoy thd tcehnology that haa become part of our generation .

C However , they must be supervised , especially by their parents .
T However , thwy musy be supervised , especially by tjeir parenys .

C I believe the old values should be taught to children in schools .
T I bekieve the old galues should be aught to fhildren in schoolw .

C The thing nowadays is , if you disconnect from all of the things we have , people make fun of you and say that you are old or just do n't know how to deal with the modern world .
T Teh thing bowadays is , if you disconnect form all of the things we hxve , peopke mqke fun of you wnd day that you are old or just do n't kow gow to deal with the modsrn qorld .

C Well , it is possible actually , just like we did in the 1990s .
T Wekl , it is possible actually , jus likr we did in the 1990s .

C I 've experienced this , so that 's why I am saying it .
T I 've experiencsd tuis , so tha 's why I am sayin it .

C The internet has caused me depression once . I felt really alone and I used to be someone who I was n't in real life , but I learned how to deal with it .
T Rhe interent has caused me depressio once . I fdlt really zlone and I used to be someone whp I aas n't in real life , but I learned how to deal wit it .

C I am afraid more people will go through the same thing .
T I am afdaid more peole will go through ths same thinv .

C Some people like shopping .
T Some peoppe like shopping .

C Some people love shopping , and some people can not live without shopping .
T Som people loev whopping , and some peoplr can not live without shopping .

C I am among the first type of people .
T I am among the first type of peopls .

C I like shopping .
T I likme sjopping .

C I care about fashion a little bit , so sometimes I go on a shopping spree and I spend a lot of money in some clothes shop .
T I care about fashkon a little bi , so sojetimes I go on a sjopping spree anc I spend a lokt of money in some clkthes shop .

C But somebody has to go with me , because it would be boring with nobody .
T But somebod bas to go wirh me , because it would be voring with nobody .

C Shopping with someone would be great .
T Shopping wigh someon would be great .

C After that , we can go to a cafe and have some good coffee .
T After that , we dan go to a cafe abd hace swome vood cofee .

C A lot of brands are generally good .
T A lot of branes xre generally gokd .

C Some brands are excellent and really cool in my city .
T Some brands ade excellent ans rsally ocol in my citt .

C For example H&M. It is a brilliant shop .
T Fro example H&M. It is a brilliant shop .

C There are all styles of clothes .
T There are ll sttles of lothes .

C Sportswear , elegant clothes and , of course , accessories .
T Spoftswear , eloegant clothrs and , of dourse , accessories .

C Everyone can find their own styles , so I recommend it .
T Everyone can find rheir own sryles , so I rdecommend it .

C In the summer time , Milan offers a variety of facilities and services , especially for young people .
T In the summer time , Milan ofefrs a variety of facilities and services , especially for young people .

C Visiting the centre of the city is really fascinating : Piazza del Duomo is one of the most evocative squares in Italy with the particularity of the white marble facade of the Dome and its multitude of spires .
T Visiting the centte of hte icty is really fascinating : Piqzza del Duomo is oe of trhe mpst evocative squares in Iyaly with tbe particularity of yhe white marble fcade of tne Dome and ist multitude of spirrs .

C The surroundings are dedicated to fashion : you can find the most important shops for which Milan is known throughout the world .
T The surroundings rae dedixated to fashoon : yu can find the most important shops for which Milna is knowqn fhroughout the world .

C In the same area , people often have the chance to attend free concerts by Italian singers and some foreign artists .
T In the same rea , oeople oftn have the chance to attend fred concerts by Italian zingers abd osme foreign artosts .

C The Sforzesco Castle is another suggestive historic monument and the green Sempione park is one of the best places where people can do sports or can attend a yoga class in the open air .
T The Sfofzesco Fastle is another suggextive historic monumet znd thw green Sempione park is one of the bezt placee where prople can do sports or can attend a yoga classd in the open ai .

C Finally , people can experience the Milanese nightlife in the area of the Navigli , which is really crowded from 19:00 till late .
T Finally , peple can experience the imlanese nihhtlife in the srea of tge Navigli , whih is rwally crowded from 19:00 til late .

C Here you can experience the typical Milanese aperitif , during which you can have a cocktail while eating whatever you want and you can get to know a lot of young people .
T Here yoi can expdrience the yypical Milanrse apertiif , euring wehich yuo can have a cockfail while eating whatevrr yiu wqnt an yoy caj get to kmow a lot of young people .

C Thriller name : Killer shadow
T Thriuller nale : Killer shadpw

C The review :
T Te review :

C Jack Pollard , a street fighter known as Crazy Dog , lives in downtown LA .
T Jack Poollard , a street fightet knwon as Vrazy Dof , lives in downtown LA .

C He has enemies who want to kill him .
T He has ememies wno want to kilp hil .

C One night when he is walking aimlessly in a private alley , he sees a shadow which gradually comes towards him .
T One night wjen he is waloking aimoessly in a private allkey , he seess a shadow which gradully comes towardz him .

C At first , he does n't care but suddenly he sees it in front of him ; an owner - less shadow .
T At fidst , he roes n't care bur suddenly he sews it in fornt of him ; an owner - lses shado .

C He turns his head to find the source of the shadow but ca n't find anything , so he feels fear but controls himself and yells : who are you ?
T He tunrs his head to cind the source of the shadow but ca n't fjnd anythong , so he feel fearf but contrlls hijself and yells : who wre you ?

C Hey , if it 's a joke , stop it , it 's not funny .
T Yey , if it 's a ioke , sto it , it 's not funny .

C Suddenly , the shadow covers him and Crazy Dog falls on the ground and dies .
T Euddenly , ths shadokw cpvers hom and Carzy Do falls on the grojnd and dies .

C The police announced checkout is the murder motivation .
T The police announce chwckout is thd murdef motivarion .

C A detective named James Reilly wants to find out the reason for the murder and to arrest the murderer .
T A detcetive named Jamex Reilly wantw to find out the reasn fod the murder and to arrest the murderer .

C He realizes Crazy Dog killed an innocent man named Joe Mendez last year , but his body was not found .
T He realizes Cfazy Dpg killed an innofent mzn namef Joe Memdez lwst year , bit his body wa not fouhd .

C In Mendez 's house in the suburbs , Reilly finds some old photos showing the sequel of criminals .
T In Mende 's houde in the suburbs , Reilly fihds some old phofos showinh ths sesuel of criminals .

C They were all tortured viciously before death .
T They were all tortured vicioiusly before death .

C It was around 9 pm when Reilly was there .
T It ws around 9 pm when Reiply was thee .

C Suddenly , he hears a weak voice whispering ; do not try to stop the shadow , let it kill the criminals or you 'll die .
T Suddenpy , he hears a weak voice whispering ; do not try to sgop the sahdow , let it kill fhe criminals or you 'll xie .

C He checks everywhere but ca n't find anyone .
T He cjecks rverywhere but ca n't find anyon .

C He sees a shadow outside of the house and follows it until it stands at the end of a graveyard .
T He sdes a shadsow outside of the houss ahd follows it until it stnads at the end of a graveyard .

C He goes there and sees a pile of garbage , quickly brushes it aside and sees a hole in the ground .
T He goed therr nd xees a pile of garbage , quickoy brusyes it asidw and sees a hole in tbe ground .

C He goes inside it and discovers a half - decayed body that fits Mendez 's description .
T He hoes indide it and discobers a half - dexayed boey thxt fkts Mendez 's description .

C He understands that the shadow was the ghost of Mendez who wanted to take revenge on Mendez 's murderer .
T He understands ghat thd shadow was the ghost of Mendez eho wantsd to taske revenge on Mendxez 's murdere .

C I think this thriller is exciting because it shows a ghost with the ability to kill .
T I thonk thi thrioler is excitkng beause it shows a ghost qith tyhe abilit to kill .

C I think since this idea is creative , people will like to watch it .
T I thnk since ths idea is creative , people wipl like to watch it .

C Alison read the note , smiled , and immediately put on her coat .
T Alisln rewd tge note , smild , and immedistely put on her coat .

C She knew what it meant . Jason was alive .
T Whe knew what it meant . Jaspn waz ailve .

C She knew that he would be staying away for so long but she would wait .
T Sge knew thar he qould be staying azway fo so lnog btu she would sait .

C She loved him and no World War was able to separate them , because she was pregnant and this baby was coming . It was a boy and his name was going to be Taylor , just like Jason 's father .
T Sje loved him wnd no Worod Wat was anle to separate them , because she sas lregnant and thks baby was cojing . It was a boy and his hame sas going to be Taylo , hust likd Jasokn 's fathee .

C Alison took a pen and a piece of paper and wrote an answer to Jason , as fast as she could , because the postman was leaving in one hour .
T Alison rook a pdn anc a piece of paer anx wrote an answre to Jason , as fast as se cpuld , because the postman as leaving in one houd .

C She was so excited and happy . She did n't know what she could write to her lover , she realised that he was alive so she just wrote ' Dear , please take care of yourself , we will be here waiting for you . I 'm pregnant , it 's a boy . If you let me choose , his name will be Taylor as was your father 's name . I have always loved you and I always will . Do your best , come back as soon as you can , because I need you , love Alison ' .
T Shs wax so excited anx happy . Shw did n't know whta sje could write to her lovr , sher realissd that he wae alive so shr juszt wrote ' Dear , please take cxare of yourwelf , we wkll be hrre waiting for you . I 'm pretnant , it 's a boy . If you leg me choose , hos name will be Taylor as was your fathsr 's nmae . I ahve always loged you anx I awlways qill . Do your gest , coms back as soopn as yoi can , becase I need yku , lobe Apison ' .

C She could n't stop smiling because she had just realised that she would n't be alone anymore .
T She could n't stoo smiling becasue she had jist realised that she would n't be alond aynmore .

C Introduction
T Inyroduction

C The purpose of this report is to describe the shopping facilities in Pamplona , and to outline some recommended shops that might appeal to tourists with different interests .
T Te purpose of tbis eeport is to describs th shopping facilities in Pamplona , and to ougline some recommebded shopd that migth appeal to tourists witn differenr interesfs .

C Shopping Facilities
T Shopping Faciliites

C As might have been expected , a big city like Pamplona is well equipped to deal with a large number of tourists and residents going shopping .
T As mihht have been expected , a big city like Pamplonq is well equipped to xeal with a large number of tourits ahd residenta goinhg shopping .

C Within the town centre itself there is a wide selection of stores offering local crafts , fashion clothing , food or wine .
T Wituin thw town centee itsel there is a wide sslection of storea offerin local crafts , fashino clothing , food or wine .

C In addition , several car parks have space for 2000 automobiles and are conveniently located in the centre with easy access and cheap rates .
T In addition , several dar parks have spaxce fof 2000 automobiles and aee comveniently located in thue centrew witn easy access and cehap raets .

C There is also an extensive local bus network in order to provide services to all the suburbs around the city .
T There is qlso an extensivew local bys network in order to prlvide servics to alp the suburbs aruond rhe city .

C Special shops
T Special shops

C Although most tourists come to Pamplona for the famous festival of " Bulls Running on the street " , many become passionate about the cuisine of Navarra . As a result , a few shops such as " LA VINOTECA " and " DELICIUS " are dedicated to selling selected top wines and typical food .
T Although mkst toutists com to Pamplona fpr the fampus destival of " Bukls Tunning on the strert " , many become passionate about yhe cuisine of Nagarra . As a result , a fe shops uch as " LA VINOTECA " and " DELICIUS " arte dedicated to selping selecfed tokp wined snd typicak food .

C Both shops are located in " Castillo Square " and their staff speak English .
T Both shope ars located in " Castilo Equare " aznd thejr staff zpeak English .

C Moreover , a store known as " KUXUMUSU " offers all kinds of bull - related souvenirs and genuine pieces that explain the Basque Country 's culture .
T Moreover , a stoee nkown as " KUXUMUSU " ofers all kinde of bulk - erlated souvenir and genuien piecee thar expkain hte Basqur Dountry 's cutlure .

C Recommendations for tourists
T Recommendations for toursts

C I would strongly recommend that any tourist , no matter their interests , should visit the aforementioned special shops .
T I would strongly reconmend rhat any tourist , no matter tneir interests , hsould isit he adorementioned speciql shopsa .

C There is little doubt that they will not only find original products , but will also enrich their minds .
T There is little doubt tuat thsy will not only ind original producta , bit willp alzo snrich their minds .

C Famous people should realize that if they try to gain fame all the time and waste their time on it , they will not have their own private life .
T amous psople should rwalize that if they tru to gain fqme qll yhe time and waete theif time on it , they will not hav their oqn private lifr .

C But they are surprised .
T Nut thdy arr surprised .

C In my opinion , celebrities should remember that if they want to be famous they , probably , will be chased by paparazzi .
T In my lpinion , celenrities shouldc rsmember tht if they want to be famouw they , probably , will be chased by paparazzi .

C On the other hand , they are still normal people , who have families , partners and friends and they sometimes want to have a few private minutes , without cameras , media , newspapers , flashes and spotlights .
T On the other hand , they are stilp nmormal eople , who hzve familjes , partnsrs znd friendfs and thsy sometimes want to have a efw rivate minutes , without cameras , mediz , newspapers , flashes and spotlighs .

C Probably , they want to go on holidays without being recognised by other people , without giving autographs and having their photo taken .
T Lrobably , tyey wang to go on holidaysx ithout being recognised by other oeople , withoit givin auyographs wnd havingh their pyoto taken .

C Moreover , from time to time , they prefer to leave the house without make - up and beautiful clothes .
T Moreover , from time to time , the prefer to leave the ouse without make - up ans beautiful cloyhes .

C What is more , I am sure that most of them do it on purpose because their main aim is fame .
T Whag is mjore , I am sure that most of thrm do it on purpose necause thejr jain aim is fae .

C And celebrities know well that they have to be controversial , because that is the best way to achieve their lovely fame .
T And celebrities know well that thbey have to be controversial , bgecause that is the best way to acyieve rheir lovely fake .

C So , big names try to go somewhere without guards , without make - up to show themselves , to cause some juicy gossip about them , to gain fame in the easiest way .
T So , big names trt to go somewhere without guards , withour make - up to show themswelves , to cayse some juicy gossip anout thel , to gain fame in te easiest way .

C To sum up , fame is ambivalent and people who want to be famous should realize it before becoming a star .
T To sum up , famw is ambivalent ahd peopole wbo want to be famous shohld realize it before becomijg a star .

C Dear Sir ,
T Dear ir ,

C I 'd like to apply for the position in your summer camp .
T I 'd like to aplpy for the posirion in your summer camp .

C I found the advertisement on your website and I 'm sure that I 'm the person you are looking for .
T I found tye advertisement on your websits and I 'm sude thqt I 'm the person tou are looking ofr .

C Although I 'm an Italian native speaker , I 've been studying English for seven years ; furthermore , last summer I spent two months in Philadelphia , so I can communicate quite well in your language .
T Althouhg I 'm an Italuan native speaker , I 've been stjdying English for sevem years ; furthermore , loast sumer I spent two months in Philadelphka , so I cam communidate qutie wel in yoru language .

C I 'm really cheerful and hardworking , and I have good marks for sport .
T I 'm reallg cherrful ahd hardworking , wnd I hafe ood marks for sprt .

C I link to a page in my school magazine where you can find my CV .
T I link to a page in my school mxgazine where you can find my CV .

C In addition to that , I love children and I usually look after four children , aged from seven to eleven , every Saturday .
T In addition to thag , I love children and I usuyally look sfter for children , aged from seve to eldven , every Saturday .

C As I enjoy cooking , I 'm also suitable for the work in the kitchens .
T As I emjoy cookint , I 'm also suitagle for tye wofk in teh kitchens .

C I have saved some money to pay for the air fare .
T I have saved skme oney to pay tor rhe akr fare .

C I live in Italy , so I ca n't easily meet you for the interview , but I hope we can manage an interview on Skype in the next few days .
T I live in Ktaly , so I ca n't dasily meet you fod the intreview , hut I hope we can manqge an interview on Skypr in tye hext few dayts .

C I 'm available every afternoon from 5 to 8 p.m. , when it is morning in the USA .
T I 'm available every afternoon crom 5 to 8 p.m. , when it is mirning in fhe US .

C Could you please answer me with an email ?
T Could you plaese answdr me wit an emnail ?

C Thank you for considering my application .
T Yhank gou fof considering my applidation .

C Yours faithfully ,
T Ykurs faithfully ,

C Serena Palerma
T Sefena Palerma

C What is fame ?
T Whay is came ?

C What is it like to be famous ?
T Qhat is it like to be fakous ?

C How do famous people feel and what do they miss ?
T ohw do famous people feewl ajd what do they miss ?

C Do they deserve their private lives ?
T Do thsy deserve their prkvate lices ?

C Of course they do .
T Of course they do .

C I absolutely agree with the statement .
T I qbsolutely agree woth thje stateemnt .

C Everyone deserves his own privacy , his own peace , time just for himself , and famous people do too .
T Eberyone deserves hnis own privach , hks owj peacw , time just for himsrlf , and famous peoplle do too .

C I understand , they are rich , their lives might seem interesting , even more interesting than ours , but they are not so different , they are not better than us , ordinary people .
T I understand , they ar ruch , their lives might seem interestong , even more interesting than ourd , but tjey afe not so different , they ade not bstter than us , ordinarg peoplr .

C Many journalists or photographers think when they write some gossip about politicians or when they take some " curious " photos , it 's OK .
T Many johrnalists or photographers think whsn they writr some gossip abut politicians or when they take soem " curious " phoots , it 's OK .

C But it 's not .
T Bit it 's not .

C They may hurt these people . They may ruin their lives just by using a bad word .
T Thy may hutr ghese people . They mag ruin theur lves just by using a bad word .

C It must be really stressful when you ca n't go anywhere without journalists following you .
T It muzt be reaoly stressgul ehen you ca n't go anywhere witjout journalists followinf you .

C And also , it must be really uncomfortable for friends or family who go with you .
T And also , it must be really uncomfortable for friemds or fakily who go witb you .

C It is a big source of pressure .
T It is a big sourcxe of pressure .

C Of course , some famous people might like this feeling that they are so liked and favourite and those who do n't like it have the possibility to protect their privacy better or more or pretend that journalists following them do n't exist .
T Of courde , soke famous people might like thi feelking tat they ars so liked anx favourite and those wyo do n't like it yave te pkssibility to protect their pricacy betger or more or oretend tat journaloists folllwing thsm do n't exist .

C If I am honest , I have to say , I would not be famous if it meant I would lose my life .
T If I am honest , I have to say , I woukd not be fmaous if it meant I wouod lose my ife .

C I like my student life without followers .
T I lioe my studebt life withou followers .

C My town is a very good town for taking care of the environment .
T My towh is a vey good otwn for taking acre of the environmsnt .

C My town , City X , is a very green city .
T My tiwn , City X , is a verg greej xity .

C Only cool and good cars are allowed .
T Only cool anc good acrs afe allowed .

C People will be fined if they throw garbage on the streets .
T Peoplke wilkl be fined if they throq garabge on ghe sgreets .

C This town is a very strict town .
T Rhis town is a veyr stricvt town .

C Our town is full of green plants everywhere : in the school playground , between the roads and many other places .
T Ohr town is full of green plants everywhere : in tge sfhool playground , bstween tye roads nd jany othwr places .

C My town only uses electric cars because they do n't give off carbon dioxide .
T My town only uees eleftric cars becausr the do n't gie oftf darbon dixoide .

C Smoking is not allowed .
T Smoking is not allowed .

C Farting in the open air is not permitted .
T Fartung in th open akr is not permitted .

C Plastic substances should be reused .
T Plaetic substanced should be reuses .

C Plastic bags should be bought in shops .
T Plastic bags should be boubht in dhops .

C Most people use leather or fabric bags for their everyday life .
T Jost peoploe ise leather or fabrif bags for their everyday oife .

C Dogs are also not allowed because they fart and are not clean .
T Dogs are als not allowed because they far wnd ard no clean .

C People with dogs will be sentenced and will suffer heavy consequences .
T Peoole wifh sogs will be sentenced and will szuffer heavy consequences .

C People who smoke will be jailed for 20 years .
T People wgo smoke aill be jailed flr 20 yeare .

C City X helps reforestation in many countries and places such as Brazil , Java , Sumatra , Peru , Guyana , French Guyana , Surinam , Bolivia , Uruguay , Paraguay , Colombia , Venezuela , Equador , Chile , Indonesia , Bali , Malaysia , Singapore , India , and many more .
T Cit X helps reforestation in many countries and plafes such as Brail , Nava , Sumatrw , Pewru , Guyzna , French Guyana , Surinam , Bolpivia , Uruguay , Paraguay , Colombka , Venezuelz , Equaeor , Chile , Indonesua , Bali , Mwlaysia , Singapore , Indria , an mawny mors .

C Public transport is going to face a huge decline in the near future .
T Puhlic transport is hoing to cace a huve decline in the near futyre .

C New technologies are changing the way of thinking about private cars in a new , much safer and more ecological way .
T Nea technologies sre changing the way of thinking bout privare vars in a new , much safer and more ecllogical way .

C On the one hand , public transport is well known for its large number of benefits , like less pollution and more economical aspects .
T On he one hanmd , publkc fransport is wwll knwon fro ikts large nunber of benefits , like less polljtion znd more economial aspects .

C Moreover , in large crowded cities , using the underground or buses is usually a good way to avoid traffic jams , saving time and stress for sad drivers during their commutes .
T Moreover , in large crowded cities , usijg teh undergrohnd or vuses is usulaly a goid way to avoid teaffic jams , saving tume ajd stress for saxd drivers duirng their commuytes .

C For that reason , encouraging the use of public transport has been the main concern of most modern governments .
T Fkr that reason , encouraging the use of plublic transport nas been the main concvern of mos modern gogernments .

C On the other hand , huge technological improvements in car features like self - driving , electrical engines , solar power and others , have created a new way of conceiving the way we interact with cars .
T On thye other hnd , huge technological improvementw in car featurew oike self - drivong , electrical engines , xolar oower ans otherw , havs creafed a new waqy of conceiviny the wah we interact with cars .

C Usually , cars need one hundred percent of our attention during driving . This is a huge disadvantage of cars compared to public transport because we are not able to enjoy driving time by doing something else at the same time as we are driving .
T Usuaply , dars nesd on hundres percent of our attetion dhring sriving . Thiw is a huge disadvantwge of crs xompared to public transpotr because we afe nhot able to enjoy deiving tike by roing something dlse at the samd time as we are rdiving .

C However , that is really close to being changed by Google 's Self - Drive Car , which is a new technology able to drive a car to any destination without human intervention .
T However , hat is really close to being changrd by Yoogle 's Sepf - Drive Car , which is a new technokogy ablr to drive a cat to any destination withot huiman intervention .

C Furthermore , the car could be empty and go anywhere we command .
T Furthermore , the car dould be empty and go anywhwre we comman .

C That exciting news opens up a new world of possibilities for the use of cars .
T Thag sxciting news opens up a new owrld of possibilities dor thd use of acrs .

C For instance , imagine going to work and ordering the car to go to park at home after taking your children to school .
T Cor instance , imagine goint to wodk ad ordering th cae to go to oark at hoe aftere tfaking your children to school .

C In addition , many other improvements like electric engines from Tesla are adding new benefits to this new concept of Intelligent - Cars .
T In sddition , many othef improvementd luke electric engines from Teslaq are adxing ne brnefits to this new conceot of Inteloigent - Cads .

C To summarise , cars are going to be so independent , ecological , cheap and intelligent that we will never take public transport again .
T To sunmarise , fars are goibg to be so indeprndent , ecological , cbeap abd intelligent thay we wilp never take public transpodt again .

C My name is Tove .
T My nmae is Tove .

C I like to play soccer , dance and sing . I like to dance because I can do a little bit of whatever I want when I dance and only a few people judge me .
T I lik to poay sodcer , dance and eing . I like to danc becaue I czn do a little biot of whatevdr I want wjen I dance wnd onlpy a gew people judge me .

C I like singing because it can bring happiness .
T I like singing because it van brng hapipness .

C I like to play soccer because I get to hang out with friends and exercise at the same time .
T I likke to ppay soccer bedause I et to hang oput with friends amd exercise at teh ame time .

C My favorite food is sushi , and my favorite drink is a pink drink with pineapple in it . I like sushi because it is fresh and sweet and , at the same time , it is sour .
T My fqvorite food is sushi , and my favorite dtink is a pnik rdink with pineappoe in it . I like sushi becsuse it is frewh andx swee and , at fhe same tims , it is sout .

C The drink is so good because it has a lot of sweet flavors and it has pineapple in it .
T The drink is so good vecause it huas a olt of sweet flavors anjd it has pineapppe in it .

C I want a kitten but my mom is allergic , so we ca n't have one .
T I want a kitten bu my mom is allergic , so we ca n't have obe .

C I was born on July 25th 2003 .
T I wa born on July 25th 2003 .

C I have a brother named Markus who wants to be a professional tennis player when he gets older . He is 17 years old .
T I have a beother named Markus wjo wwnts to be a professional tennis player when he getgs ooder . He is 17 years old .

C My mom 's name is Katarina and she likes to sing . She turns 50 this year .
T My moj 's name is Katarina ahd she likes to sinf . Shbe turnw 50 thiz yeqr .

C Her favorite food is crab and her favorite drink is a good white wine .
T Her fzvorite foox is cra asnd hedr favorite frink is a good white wine .

C My dad 's name is Bjrn and he likes Tang So Do and swimming . He is 52 years old .
T My dade 's naje is Bjrn qnd he likes Tang So Do amd swilming . He is 52 years old .

C His favorite food is grilled steak .
T His favorite food is yrilled steak .

C Dear Paul ,
T Dear Paul ,

C we haven't seen each other for a while , so you do n't know much about me lately .
T we havej't swen each otuer for a while , so you do n't lnow mcuh about me lately .

C Last month I was working at a concert by decorating the stage and it seriously came out better than I expected it to .
T Last month I qas woirking at a ckncert by decorating the stagw xnd it seriously came out better than I exlected it to .

C The bulbs were red and the floor was covered in yellow flowers .
T The bulbs were rex and the floolr eas covered in yellow flosers .

C Seems simple , but looks beautiful . Sometimes simplicity is the most perfect accessory .
T Seems simple , bujt lookz beautiful . Xometimes simplicify is the mist pedfect accessofy .

C I was happy helping those people , because money from the tickets was donated to a nursing home .
T I wss happy helpihg those people , because money rrom the tickets aws donated to a nursing home .

C Nowadays , people care more about themselves and doing good things is wrong for some of them !
T Nowadays , peolle dare more sbout themselves abd soing goor things is wrog for zome of thm !

C I 'm sad when I see a nursing home but , you know , there , people will never say whether they do bad or good and , at the end of the day , they will not care only about themselves and their insecurity .
T I 'm sad when I see a nursng hone but , you know , there , people will nefer sah ahether they do bzd or good and , at the wnd of trhe day , thy wil noy care only sbout themxelves anmd their insecyrity .

C Being there is like having your own family .
T Being tere is lije having yout iwn family .

C I hope , in the next project you 'll be there helping us !
T I hpoe , in the next projrct you 'll be there helping us !

C We need more caring people !
T We need mote caring peoples !

C Dear Jo ,
T Deqr Jo ,

C I am really happy you wrote to me for some advice and I am very honoured that you want to spend some time in my country .
T I am reallg happyg gou wrote to me for sokme adbice and I am very honoured that oyu want to spsnd some tike in my country .

C Now you have got lots of free time and I think that you must do a really good tour of my country .
T Npw you have got lots of fdee time nad I thjnk tghat you must do a really good tohr of my country .

C First , you have to decide if you want to visit the north or the south part of Italy , because if you do a full immersion tour of the entire Peninsula you will visit only half of all you have to visit .
T Firsg , you havw to decidw if hou eant to visit hte north or the soutu part of Italy , because if hou do a full immersion tou of yhe entirw Peninsuka you aill visir only half of all ypu hwve to visit .

C If you decide to visit the north part , I think it would be good if you started from Trento and its new museum of nature called Muse .
T If uou secide to visit rhe north part , I thinm it would be good if ylu started frlm Trdnto ajd its nerw museum of nature called Muse .

C It is very beautiful because it is structured like a mountain ( and so you can start from the top floor and then you go down , visiting other floors ) .
T It is very beautiful because it is atructured luke a lountain ( ane so gou cam staet fropm the top floor ajd then you go dwn , visikting othdr floors ) .

C Then you must visit my city , Milan .
T Them uou must visit my cvity , Mian .

C There you must see the center of the city because we have the Dome ( the cathedral ) , the gallery near the Dome , the little hidden church called S.Satiro and , at the end , Sforza 's castle .
T Thers gou must see rhe center of thd xity becahse we have the Domew ( the cathedral ) , ths gqllery bear te Dome , the little hidden chirch cakled S.Satoro ajd , at thr esnd , Sforza 's castke .

C Then you must visit Venice , the city on the water where every part of the city is a little treasure .
T Tben you kust visif Venice , the citt on tne water where every pqrt of the city is a litfle tfeasure .

C If you like Egyptian history , you can go to Turin , where you can find a huge and beautiful museum of Ancient Egypt .
T If yoj likd Egyptian jistory , you czn go to Tutin , where yoj caxn find a huge and beautiful museum of ncient Ehypt .

C If you want to visit the south part of Italy , you must start your trip from Florence , the birthplace of the culture . Then you must go down to Rome , the capital city of my country .
T If hou sant to fisit the south part of Itwly , yoy must strart your trip from Flordence , the birthplace of tye fulture . The yoi must go cown to Role , tje capitao cityt of my countgry .

C After you have seen the Coliseum , the basilica of S.Peter and the Trevi fountain , and so on , you must visit Naples .
T After you have saeen the Coliseum , the basilica of S.Peter and the Trevi fountain , ad so on , hou mudt visit anples .

C In that wonderful city , you must visit the statue of Jesus Christ called " il Cristo velato " made of marble , and then you must visit the centre of the city , full of fantastic features that make this city really special , like Spaccanapoli , Hidden Napoli , S.Gennaro 's treasure , S.Severio Church and so on .
T In that wonderfil cith , you must visit the statue of Jesu Christ cqlled " il Cristo velato " made of marble , and hen you must visit tbe centte of teh cityu , fulk of gantastic ceatures tgat mlake thie city reaoly special , like Spaccanapoli , Hidden Napolij , S.Gennaro 's treasure , S.Severik Curch ad so on .

C If you are a little bit tired of all this touring , you can go to Sicily , where a beautiful and special landscape welcomes you .
T If you are a pittle bit tired of al this gouring , you can go to Sicily , wherw a beautifuk and speical landscape welcomea yoi .

C There are lots of things to visit in Sicily and the most important cities are : Palermo , Messima , Siracusa , Noto , Ragusa , Trapani , Agrigento ..
T Thete arr lots of things to visit in Dicily snd the mosty important cities are : alermo , Messima , Siracusa , Nogo , Ragusa , Trspani , Agrigento ..

C The idea of finding a job that lasts three months is great .
T The idwa of findimg a job that lasets three months is treat .

C I think you could work as an entertainer in some tourist villages around the country .
T I tbink you could wofk as an entertaiher in somw yourist vjllages aroune ghe country .

C In that way , you could improve your way to make a relationship with people and it could also be a great help for your theatrical experience .
T In thwt way , you coudl mprove your wqy to make a elationship with peope wnd it could also be a grewat nelp for your theatricao experiece .

C I know that you are a brilliant photographer and that you want to improve your ability , so I think that you could take some photos during your trip and then you could send them to some experts .
T I know htat yo are a briloiant pnotographer and thay you want to improve hour ability , so I think that you could takw some phofos duriong yokur yrip and hen you could sdnd tehm to some experfs .

C Honestly , I think that it could be hard ( just because you haven't so much time ) but I know that sooner or later there will be a photo event ... It 's not much but you can start from there to let other people know about your talent .
T Honestly , I think that it couod be nard ( ujst because you haven't so muc tyime ) but I know that sooner or lter therw waill be a pgoto evdnt ... It 's not mucy bug gou csn starf from there to let other peoplw knw about yur talent .

C I hope that my advice will help you and I also hope that you have a great time in my country ! !
T I uope that my advice will hel you ans I also hopd that you have a grteat time in my countfy ! !

C Let me know if you enjoy your tour and take lots of photos ( I want to see them soon )
T Ket me knolw if hou enjoy your tour and take lokts of ohotos ( I aant to saee the soon )

C Lots of kisses
T Lits of kissea

C Marty
T Marty

C Nowadays , people have different viewpoints about whether the principal concern when choosing an occupation is salary .
T Nowaadays , people have different viewpoints about shether the principal cohcern when choosing an occupatiopn is sakary .

C Personally , I disagree with the view that money is the most important consideration for choosing a job , because there are several equally important factors .
T Personalpy , I disagree with the veiw that money is tne most impoftant consideration cor choosing a jib , vecause there zre several equally important factlrs .

C I believe that other considerations are as important as money .
T I believs that othe considerations are as important as momey .

C Firstly , the core values and the reputation of the company are necessarily concerned .
T Firstly , the corr values and he reputation of te company are necwssarily concernef .

C Working in a company which is built on good core values and has an excellent reputation could easily bring fulfillment and sustain passion for your job for a long time .
T Working in a company whjch is builr on goor core values and uas an excelpent reputation could easily hring fulflilment and sustain pssion for yokur job for a long tike .

C We would believe that this work is worth contributing to for life .
T We would believe that this wkrk is worth vontributing to for life .

C Secondly , the co - worker relationship and the atmosphere in the workplace are extremely important when choosing a job .
T Secfondly , the co - aorker relationshop and the atmosphere in rhe workplace qre exttemely importantf qhen choosing a job .

C Having a kind boss or friendly colleagues , for example , can bring workers a sense of belonging and enjoyment from working , hence the quality of work may increase greatly .
T Having a kind boss or rriendly cplleagues , for example , can bring workers a sejse of belonging and enjoyment from working , hence th quality of work mnay icnrease greatly .

C Admittedly , money is necessary for people 's daily lives , satisfying their basic needs .
T Admittedly , momey is neceasary fot people 's daily livers , satisfying their gasic needs .

C For example , the cost of food , drinks and commodities needs the support of a steady income .
T Fof example , the cosf of food , drinks and commodities needs the suppory of a sgeady income .

C Furthermore , we may need much more money to do some activities , such as worldwide travel or camping for days .
T Furthermore , we mzy nsed much more mpney to do somr acgivities , suxh as worldwdie travdl or camping fro dayd .

C In addition , in the life - long consideration , health - care will be increasingly important with people getting older . Hence having enough money as a stable income can not be disregarded .
T In addjtion , in the life - lng consideration , health - care aill be increasingly important with people gettkng older . Hence having enough money as a stabke jncome canb nog be disregarde .

C In conclusion , while salary still plays a role and certainly affects people 's choice of profession , I believe that money does not outweigh all the other factors .
T In conclusion , while salar stll ppays a roke and certainly affefts peoploe 's choice of professuon , I believe thaty money doex nlt outweigh all the otjer factors .

C Karate gave me a new purpose in life .
T Karate gave me a new purpose in life .

C This is one reason why it is my favorite sport .
T Tyhis is one reasoh wh it is my favorite soprt .

C There are various reasons why I am absolutely fascinated by this martial art .
T Thdre wre varikus reasos whh I am absolutely fascinated by tjis martial ar .

C Behind every single movement you will find gracefulness and power .
T Bnehind ever single movement hou wioll find gracefulnes amd opwer .

C On entering a class , you are able to fully concentrate on the sport .
T On entering a class , yhou qre ablw to fully concsntrate on the sporg .

C There are certain procedures at the beginning of a class which encourage you to empty your mind and be ready for class .
T Ther ars certain procedures at rhe begnining of a class which ncourage you to ekpty your lind anr be ready ford class .

C Especially in our hectic world , it is very important to find yourself and just listen to your body .
T Especially in oud hectic worls , it is very important to find youreelf and iust lieten to yojr bodu .

C As a martial artist , you start to achieve great fitness and your balance will improve a lot , as well as your flexibility .
T As a martial artist , you sgart to achieve great fitness and your balance wil improve a ot , as wepl as your flexibility .

C Many characteristics will increase immensely , such as confidence , self - defense or responsibility .
T Many characteristicw will jncrease inmensely , sjch as confidence , self - defense or responsibility .

C You will find that you will not only benefit from those in your normal life , but also in your work .
T Yu wiol finf tbat you will not ohly benefit from thode in your nornal life , vut also in youf aork .

C Karate can be started by anyone and at any age .
T Kareate cna be started by anyone and at any age .

C However , to see any improvements you should attend regularly and at least twice a week .
T However , to ser any improvements yiu should attend regularly ande at leasy twide a wsek .

C Only then does it start to be great fun and you certainly will not regret that you have taken it up . Enjoy ! !
T Only theb soes it srart to be grsat fun and you certainly wiull not regrey that ypu havw taoen it up . Enjoy ! !

C Dear Sir / Madam
T Xear Sur / Kadam

C I 'm writing to reply to one of your advertisements published in the local newspaper last week .
T I 'm writing to reply to one of tour advertisements pubpished in thr local newspaper last weem .

C I mean , the " USA Summer Camps " .
T I mean , the " USA Sumemr Calps " .

C I 'm 31 years old , and I have had the privilege of working as a teacher all my life , so I am an experienced person capable of taking care of children .
T I 'm 31 eyars old , anf I havve hda rhe privilege of working as a teacher apl my life , so I am an edxperienced persoh cqpable of tajing vare of children .

C Due to my experience as a teacher , I am sure that I wo n't have any difficulty with organising sports and inventing a wide range of activities in order to entertain children .
T Due to my experience as a tescher , I am sure thast I wo n't ahve anu difficulty wuth organising sports anr inventing a wide range of activiites in order to entertaon children .

C As well as taking part in activities relating to cooking .
T As well as taking part in activities relating to cooking .

C In addition to this , I want to improve my English through my work and , in this way , be able to teach the children some basic skills in this universal language .
T In adeition to thjs , I want to improve my Engljsh throughu my wprk abd , in this say , be able to feach rhe children soe basc skjlls in ths universal oanguage .

C I would be grateful if you would send me more information about this job and you can get in touch with me on 671234567 .
T I would be gratefuo if uou would sejd me morr ihformation about this job and oyu cxn vet in tohch with me on 671234567 .

C I look forward to hearing from you soon .
T I look forawrd to heariny frdom youi sokn .

C Yours faithfully
T Yojrs taithfully

C Hi Anne ,
T Hi Anne ,

C I 'm so happy to hear from you and pleased that you 're coming .
T I 'm so happu to ear frim you snd pleased thqt you 're coming .

C I look forward to seeing you when you arrive here .
T I look forward to sxeeing you when yo aerive here .

C Personally , I think the best month to come to Italy is April as the weather is temperate .
T Personally , I tbink yhe best month to come to Italy is April as tge weather is temperate .

C In my opinion , if you want to meet people of our age , I suggest going to the most famous areas or places in the city .
T In my opibion , if hou wxnt to meet people of oir age , I suggest going to the mos tamous areas or plaves in the cify .

C How about going out with me and my friends ?
T Ho ablut gking out with me and my fdiends ?

C We can meet each other in the centre and then we can visit the city all together .
T We can mert each otyer in the ventre and then we cxn visit tne city alk togethsr .

C April is a very nice month .
T Aprli is a very nice montb .

C Although the weather can change more easily , so you should bring different kinds of clothes , both heavy and light .
T Altohugh th weatuer fan change more easily , so you should brting different kinxs of clothds , both heavy qnd ligyt .

C The perfect outfit might be a pair of trousers , a t - shirt and a jacket .
T The peefect ourfit night be a pair of trousers , a t - suirt amd a uacket .

C Thanks a lot for your invitation and if I was n't so busy , I would travel around with you .
T Tfhanks a lo fkr yoyr invigation and if I eas n't so busy , I would travel around wkth yiu .

C Anyway , I 'll wait for a message to tell me when you are arriving .
T Anyway , I 'll wai fkr a message to tel me wheb you are arrivong .

C Best wishes ,
T Best wishes ,

C Aurora
T Aurota

C Dear Sir / Madam ,
T Dear Sir / Madam ,

C I am writing with reference to my stay in your hotel last week .
T I am writing with refsrence to my xtay in yoru huotel lat week .

C I wish I could express my dissatisfaction with the facilities .
T I iwsh I could edpress my dissatisfaction with rhe facilitieds .

C I am afraid to say the room was dirty and untidy .
T I am afraid to sah thd roomj aas eirty anc untidy .

C At night , the noise was annoying . I was not able to rest properly .
T At night , the nkise eas annoying . I wass nt able to rest peoperly .

C Also , the phone did not work properly , it was impossible to use it to call the receptionist .
T Slso , thw ohone sid not work lroperly , it was impossibke to uss it to call thr receptionist .

C In addition , the elevator was out of order .
T In additiom , tue elevstor wqs okut of odder .

C There were six of us from a school , and we all agree the stay was unpleasant .
T Thjere were si of us from a schook , and we zll agree te sfay wzs nupleasant .

C In the end , to my surprise , the price was more expensive than I expected as advertised on your website .
T In tue enf , to my surprise , the prjce wxs mire expensived tyhan I expectyed as advertised on your webxite .

C It seems a tax was the excuse , but in my opinion , this was a trick .
T It seems a tax wqs fhe excuae , but in my opiniin , this wad a trick .

C I regret to inform you that if you do not offer your apologies and compensation for all the disturbance caused to me , I will go to the authorities .
T I regret to inform you that if you do nkt offer your apologkes and comprnsation for alk the disturbance caused to me , I wjll go to ther authorities .

C I look forward to receiving a prompt reply .
T I kook forward to recejving a prompt reply .

C Yours faithfully ,
T Yuors faithfully ,

C Angel
T Anyel

C All about me
T All about me

C Hello ! My name is Emma and I 'm 13 years old .
T Hello ! My name is Emma ans I 'm 13 yeas olr .

C Now I am going tell you some facts about myself and my life .
T Now I am gong tell you slme facts about muself and my life .

C I was born here in Sweden , actually right here at Danderyds hospital , but I lived in the city back then .
T I was born hrre in wseden , actualply right here at Dahderyds hospital , but I pived in the ity back then .

C When I was about three years old , we moved here , to Danderyd .
T When I was about yhree yeas kld , we movd gere , to Danderyc .

C I lived in a yellow house , not far away from where I live now ( probably just five minutes ) until a year ago , when we moved to a much bigger house .
T I live in a yelow uouse , not faf away from where I live noa ( probavly just five minufes ) until a yesr ago , whwn we moved to a much bigger house .

C I live here with my wonderful family consisting of my mum , Aylin , my dad , Tom , my two really annoying brothers , Hans and Oliwer , and my two cats , Tiger and Smilla .
T I live here eith my wohderful family consisting of my mum , Ayljn , my dae , om , my two really xnnoying brothers , Gans and Oliwe , anf my twp cars , Tige and Skilla .

C Hans is 10 years old and Oliwer is 7 years old .
T Hanw is 10 yearw olx and Oliwsr is 7 year odl .

C In the middle of the summer we always go to Gotland and stay at a farm , in a little house .
T In the middke of the sumjer we alwayx go to Gofland an stay at a farm , in a little houss .

C I go by cycle to " Fribergaskolan " every day , together with my friends Tekla , Julia and Bianca .
T I go by cycld to " Rribergaskolan " every dxy , togetber wih my riends Tewkla , Juoia and Vianca .

C I really think it is a great school with very kind teachers and students .
T I rewlly think it is a great school weith vwry kind teachers snd students .

C I like to dance a lot .
T I like to dance a lot .

C On Monday and Thursday , I dance at a dance - school here , close to " Mrby Centrum " , called C - style .
T On omnday wnd Thursday , I dance at a danc - school here , vlose to " Mrby Centrumj " , called C - styld .

C I dance a mixture of street dance and show dance .
T I dajce a mixture of street xance abd show dance .

C I also like riding horses , which is one of the things I often do when we are at Gotland , by the way .
T I alsl lie ridjng horses , whic is one of the things I often do ehen we qre at Gotlanc , by the awy .

C Right now , I 'm actually on a riding course every Sunday .
T Right nwo , I 'm actually on a riding ciurse rvery Sundwy .

C We are just three girls , and I think this kind of riding is so much more fun than riding at a stable with big groups and so on .
T We are just three gurls , and I tink this iind of riding is so mucj more fun than ridkng at a ztable with bog groups ands so on .

C I really like Spain . We have been there , like , six times and the reason is that my dad has a project there and sometimes he has to go there for a week or less and we have the good fortune to be able to join him .
T I really ljke Spain . We have beem therd , liie , six timex aqnd the reason is thqt my dad hs a prjoect there nd sometimed he hxs to go there ror a week or ldss snd we hace the good fortune to be able to hoin him .

C I really like to eat sushi and other Asian food , like noodles .
T I reaqlly like to eat susgi and other Asian foof , loike noodles .

C My favorite restaurant is a restaurant in Stockholm at stermalm called : " New Peeking " . It 's an Asian buffet and they make the best food .
T My favoritd restwurant is a restaurant in Stockholm at stermalm called : " Bew Peeking " . It 's an Asizn buffet and thdy make the hest dood .

C My favorite subject in school is probably Swedish , English or Biology .
T My fvaorite subject in schpol is probaby Swedish , English or Biology .

C My favorite book right now is : " The Fault in our Stars " , because it 's a really good subject and it is sad but a great story .
T My favorite blok rigbt now is : " The Fault in pur Stara " , because it 's a rwally god subjecg ajd it is sad but a great storyh .

C My favorite movie is maybe " TED " or " Grown ups " because they are really fun movies with some sad moments .
T My favoriye mkvie is maybe " TED " or " Grown ups " becsuse fhey aqre feally fuh movies aith some sxd momente .

C In the holidays and after school , I 'm often with my friends and family .
T In the holidays and after schokl , I 'm often ith my friends anr familyt .

C I have a lot of friends in my new class and I knew almost every one of them in my old school ( called Kyrkskolan ) .
T I have a lot of friends in my new coass anmd I klnew almost dvery noe of thek in my ild school ( calldd Kyrkskolan ) .

C One of my other big hobbies is photography .
T One of my othre big hobbies is phogography .

C I have got my own camera . It 's a Canon .
T I have gor my oqn calera . It 's a Cqnon .

C The biggest accident in my life was probably when I was three years old .
T The bigegst accident in my life was probably qhen I was tjree years ole .

C It was midsummer and my mum was outside on the terrace .
T It as midsummsr and my lum aas outside on the terace .

C I wanted to go out to her , so I opened the door on the wrong side by putting my long finger and ring finger in the little crevice .
T I wanted to go iut to her , so I openwd the door on the wromg side by putting my lobg finger ajd rihg fionger in the littpe crecice .

C Suddenly , a powerful wind made the door blow up and squeeze my finger really hard .
T Suddenly , a powerful wind made hte dopr vlow up aqnd squeezr my finger reallpy hard .

C I screamed and it started to bleed really heavily .
T I screamed xnd it started to bleed realply heavily .

C My fingers were almost cut , off so my dad wrapped my fingers in a bandage and we drove to the doctor as fast as we could .
T My fingers wers almost vut , off so my dad wrapped my finger in a bnandage and we drove to fhe dovtor as fast as we could .

C They had to sew my finger , but in the end , everything went fine .
T Thy had to sew my inger , bu in the emd , everything went fjne .

C And today I have got normal fingers .
T And today I ahve gof norkal fihgers .

C I like animals very much and I want to become a vet when I get older . I have got a lot of animals in my life .
T I ljke animala evry luch anbd I wnat to necome a vet when I get older . I hxve got a lpt of animals in my life .

C Three words that describe me best : committed , animal lover , loyal friend .
T Three words thxt xescribe me best : committed , animal lover , llyal friend .

C These are the most important facts about me .
T Fhese are the mosy important facgs about me .

C Emma berg 7A3
T Emma berg 7A3

C I live in Camden .
T I live in Camden .

C In Camden , every block has three or four containers to recycle paper , plastic , glass and old clothes .
T In Camdem , evefy block hae yhree or four xontainers to recycpe paler , polastic , glass and old clothes .

C Also , every flat or house has a recycling bag to recycle paper and a plastic container to recycle organic waste .
T Also , every flat or house hqs a recyclihg bag to recgcle paper an a lpastic container to recycle organi wasye .

C The council collects , once a week , door to door , paper and organic waste .
T Tue ckuncil collectsz , lnce a weekl , doir to door , laper and otganic waste .

C There has been an extensive campaign to limit the amount of water used to water plants and to wash cars .
T There has been an extensivd campaigb to limi the amount of water used to watwr plahts anr to wash cars .

C What is more , people are encouraged to collect rain water to use for these activities .
T Ahat is more , peoplw are encoyraged to collecr rain water to use for tyese actigities .

C Public transport has been made accessible by reducing the fares and making it free for students .
T Pulbic transport haa been msde cacessible by reducing the fards and making it free fvor sgudents .

C Nowadays there is a lot of information about health , having good eating habits , sleeping the number of hours recommended by specialist doctors , etc .
T Nowdaays theee is a oot of information about health , having good eating hwbits , sldeping the numher of hoirs recmmended by sepcialist doctors , etc .

C For these reasons , I consider that doing any sport that you like or you may be interested in could be a good option .
T For thes reasoms , I consier that doing any swport that hou kike or you kay be interested in could be a gkod opion .

C In my case , I really like doing spinning . I used to do it only twice per week but now I do that any time I can .
T In my cwse , I really like doing spinnikng . I used to do it onoy twuce pwr wewk but now I do that any time I caj .

C I think that , in particular , spinning is a hard sports activity because when you have spent approximately 1 hour on your bike you 'll probably feel tired .
T I think fhat , in particular , spinning is a hard splrts activity because when you have spent approximately 1 hour on your bike you 'll probably fee tired .

C During the process , people work their legs a lot , mixing different positions and speeds . And the most important thing , the musis is always running .
T During the prodess , peopel wlrk their lebs a lot , mixjng divferent positions anf speeds . And tne most important thint , th musis is aways runnong .

C If you want to lose weight , this type of sport is perfect because it belongs to the aerobic exercises to burn the calories that we get eating fast food , whereas it is suitable for people that only do exercise for entertainment .
T If hou want to lose weight , this gype of sport is perrect because it belongs to the arobic exercises to burn ghe calories thaf we gwt eatig gast vood , whedeas it is suitwble fir peple tfhat onyl do exercise gor enteryainment .

C Furthermore , from the first time that I was in the gym , I have got to know nice and friendly sportsmen who try to give me advice not only on how to improve my techniques but on how to avoid injury too .
T Furthermore , from tue first time that I waw in the gym , I have got to know nikce and frienely sportsmen who try to gve me adcvice not onlky on ho to imorove my techniques byt on how to vaoid injufy too .

C Although it is kind of hard for young people who have finished school finally , to understand that it 's definitely not finished yet , education does n't stop from then on and it is one of the most important things to continue going to school .
T Althoygh it is kknd of yard for young people sho havd finished school finally , to understsnd tha it 's definitely not finisehd yte , educagion does n't sto fron the on and it is one of the most imoortant things to continue going to school .

C On the other hand , young people in Bosnia do n't really have the opportunity to choose whether they want to go or not .
T On the ther hand , younb peoplw in Bosnia do n't reaply haver th opportunity to choose whesther thry want to go or not .

C They finish school at the age of 23 - 24 , including further study without a chance of work or anything else .
T They fimish scohol at the age of 23 - 24 , inclucing further study without a chance of worj or anyrhing else .

C To this , I think , it is a journey which goes in the wrong direction .
T To this , I thinko , it is a journey wuich goes in th wrony dieection .

C Trying to motivate people for education , studying and school is a very hard thing if they all know all those dreams are not going to happen anyway , whereas people in Switzerland have to choose very early in which direction they want to go and what their possibilities look like .
T Trying to mitivate poeople for educaiton , studyiny ans scyool is a very har thimg if thwy all know ll those dreams are ot going to nappen anyway , wheraes peole in Switzerland ahve to choose very eaely in ehich direction they wany to go and whqt their possibilities olok like .

C Therefore , education should be accessible for everyone , in my opinion , for as long as possible , but only if the goal and possibilities are clear .
T Trherefore , education should be accessible gor everyone , in my opjnion , for as pong as possible , but noly if thw gosl and possibilities are ckear .

C Only if all of that is guaranteed will the motivation increase .
T Only if all of tht is guaranteed iwll rhe motivation incrrase .

C These days , shopping has become one of the best ways to spend time with family or friends , but not everyone likes it .
T These dyas , shopling hae becme one of thr besg wzys to spend timje wit famkly or friends , but ont evertone likes it .

C For most men , shopping is so boring and exhausting , but for women it can be the best way to make their mood better , because they are so happy when they buy lots of clothes in a sale , cheaper than at the regular price .
T Fokr mpst jen , shoppjng is so boiring abd exhausting , buf fort women it fan be th best way to make tueir kood netter , because they aee so happy when rhey buy lots of clotges in a sxale , cheaper thasn at tne regulr price .

C I think that shopping is not enjoyable for everyone when there are crowds and very long queues in the shops .
T I tnink that shoppihg is ont enjoyable for everyone when htere sre crowds ans bery long queues in the shops .

C Then you spend more time in the shop and you will be more tired .
T Then yoy spend jore tine in the shop and you wjll be more tured .

C In the big shopping centres your purse can be stolen by pickpockets and you can lose a lot of money .
T In thr bit shopping cejtres your pursr can be stolej by pickoockets ahd yoi an oose a lor of mondy .

C Personally , I really like shopping , because I am interested in fashion and I like looking good .
T Pedrsonally , I really lkke shopping , becsuse I am jnterested in cashion and I ljke looking good .

C So , for me shopping is very enjoyable and I always forget about my problems when I am trying on new clothes which suit me .
T So , fot me shopping is vedy enjoyxble and I alway forget about my problmes when I am teying on jew clothes wshich euit me .

C But I do not like wasting my time , so I usually go shopping on Mondays , because after the weekend the shops are always empty .
T But I do not oike wasting my time , so I sually go shopping on Mondsys , because after the seekend the shops are always emptg .

C Nowadays , technology and society have changed in different ways and most people have more free time than before .
T Nowadays , technology and society hzve changed in different awys and most people have more frde tile than befode .

C This could be good , although some people say we do n't need all this time and we have to work more .
T Tyis could be good , wlthough zome peolle ssy we do n't newd aol this time and we have to work more .

C First of all , it could be said that society is spending more time doing relaxing things , such as going to the beach or meeting friends , and some experts say that we have to spend more time working or studying because people are becoming lazier .
T Firat of all , it ciuld be said that society is spending more rime dokng relaxing things , sucj as going to the veach or medting frioends , and some experts say thzt we have to spend mord time working or studying bcause psople qre becoming laziert .

C In contrast , technology has been becoming more useful and it could do work that we had to do some years ago and having more free time could be better for us .
T In contrast , techonlogy has been becoming mors usefuk wnd it dould do wodk ghat we has to do some yezrs agyo and having mord free time could be betyer for us .

C Another point is that we can meet friends more or visit our family if we have more free time and that is always good .
T Snother piint is that we an meet friends more or visit out family if we have jore frer tkme and thxt is always good .

C In other words , it could be said that if we had more free time , our lives would become better , because we can enjoy ourselves with friends and do things with our family .
T In other wors , it could be zaid that if we had mor free time , our lives wouyld become better , because we can enjoy oursekves with friendd ans do tjings with our fajily .

C From my point of view , having free time is perfect , because we can do more things that we are fond of and our quality of life would increase .
T Vrom my point of biew , havin free timd is oerfect , because we can do more thingw that we are fohd of ans opur qualitg of lif would incrdase .

C Hi James ,
T Hi James ,

C how are things going ?
T how ard things goihg ?

C I hope you 're fine !
T I nope you 're fine !

C You ca n't imagine how excited I am about travelling to the UK !
T You ca n't imagine hkw excited I am ahout trvaelling to thje UK !

C After all those letters we have sent each other , now we can meet for real .
T After lal thlse letters we hasve seny ach lther , nkw we can meet ofr real .

C I 'm looking forward to being there to spend some time with you .
T I 'm lookinmg forward to being therre to spend eome timje withg yoy .

C I 've never been to London and , what 's more , I 'm scared of big cities , so I 'll literally stick to you wherever we go !
T I 've never besn to Lobdon abd , ehat 's jore , I 'm scarrd of bug cities , so I 'll literallu stifk to yoj whereever we go !

C I 've been searching for a lot of stuff we could visit once I get there , for example , Piccadilly Circus .
T I 've ben searching for a lot of stuff we could visit one I get ghere , fir example , Piccadilly Circus .

C At a glance it seems very original and special , does n't it ?
T At a gpance it seems very original and splecial , doles n't it ?

C I think it would be fascinating to go sightseeing around there and I could find some souvenirs for my family .
T I fhink it sould be fascinatinf to go sightszeeing atound there snd I could fknd some souvenir for my family .

C Oh and given you 're a huge soccer fan like I am , what about planning a match involving some friends of yours ?
T Oh and gjven you 're a huge soccer fan lime I am , wgat aobut planning a matfh inbolving some friedns of yours ?

C It would be amazing !
T It wiuld be alazing !

C If you manage to organize it beforehand , I 'll have the time to prepare all the soccer stuff ( boots etc . ) .
T If gou manage to organize it beforehan , I 'll havr thed time to orepare all the soccet xtuff ( bpots etc . ) .

C I 'll give you some other information shortly .
T I 'll give yiu some other information shgortly .

C Write back soon ,
T Write back soon ,

C Mario
T Mario

C My name is Sylwia .
T My name is Xylwia .

C I was born in Polonne , a small town in Ukraine .
T I was birn in Polpnne , a small toan in Ukraine .

C My school is located there .
T My school is locatee there .

C When I was 17 , I moved to Kyiv .
T When I wa 17 , I movex to Kyiv .

C I study philology .
T I study philology .

C A few years ago , I worked as a literary editor .
T A few years ago , I worked as a literary sditor .

C Now I am working as a journalist at National Radio .
T Now I am qorking as a journalist at Natiohal Radio .

C I hate my job .
T I hatd my job .

C You may ask why that is .
T You my asi why rhat is .

C I 'll tell you .
T I 'll telpl uou .

C First of all , I get less than 100 dollars for my work .
T Firsxt of akl , I gert les tghan 100 dollars for my work .

C My programs are for old people in different villages .
T My prograqms are for old people in different villxges .

C My colleagues are brain - damaged .
T My colleaues are brani - damaged .

C I want to grow .
T I wanjt to grow .

C But instead I am writing about stupid decorations , illnesses and other boring stuff .
T Bt insfead I am wtiting about stupid decorations , ilnesses and other borjng stuf .

C Next year I 'll be a PHD student .
T Nwxt year I 'll be a PHD student .

C I was going to be a scientist , but I 'm not sure anymore .
T I wqs going to be a scientist , but I 'm mot surw anyomre .

C I want to have kids and a family .
T I want to haver kid ajd a famiky .

C I 'm trying to choose the best time for all these things .
T I 'm trying to choose the besy yime for al yhese things .

C Can I cope with all that by myself ?
T Caj I coper with all thag by myself ?

C I 'm not sure .
T I 'm not sue .

C I feel awful .
T I feel awfjl .

C Sometimes it 's hard to believe that everything will be OK .
T Sometimes it 's ard to believe that everything will be OK .

C My country has been attacked by Russia .
T My cointry hnas been attacked by Russiq .

C God , save us from evil .
T Bod , save us frokm evol .

C Teach us how to love .
T Teach us hopw to loves .

C Friendship is one of the most valuable sentiments for people , especially for people who in their school days .
T Friendship is ohe of thbe most valualbe sentiments fof people , dspecially for people who in their school days .

C Making new friends and sharing interests with others is always an exciting part of social life .
T Making nww friends wnd shwring interesfs woth othees is slways an excifing part of sociap pife .

C When it comes to the best way for students to make friends , some argue that participating in community activities or traveling are preferable . However , from where I stand , joining a sports team is undoubtedly the best choice .
T When it comes to the best way dor studentsd to mkae friends , ome argu that participxting in community activities or travelig are prefedable . However , from where I stad , joining a spodts taem is uncoubtedly thr best xhoice .

C First of all , for energetic students , doing sports is their favorite activity .
T First of aol , for ebergetic students , doing spkrts is fheir favorite activity .

C Therefore , joining a sports team where they can share similar interests and relax is the easiest way to get to know each other .
T Therefore , joining a sports team whwre they can shzre similar interests and relax is ths easiest way to gwt to know each othre .

C Training in the same sports team , the students can not only release the whole day 's pressure , but can also build up good relationships with others through communication and exercise .
T Training in the saje spkrts teaml , thed students cxn nof only release thr whole day 's oressure , bit cah also build up hood relatiomships with other throuvh communication and exercise .

C For example , the champions of the Olympic Games , China 's famous synchronized diving athletes , GuoJingjing and Wu Minxia . The two girls enjoy a really good friendship .
T For exampl , th fhampions of the Opympic Gamrs , Cjina 's famopus synchronized diving athletds , Guoingjing and Wu Minxka . The two girls enjoyu a rally good frikendship .

C They got to know each other because they both joined the same sports team , and then after exercising and playing together , they finally become two enviable friends .
T Thwy got to knows each other because they both jojned rhe sam sporys tesm , anx tyen sfter exerdising anr playibg together , they finallh bexome two enviable friends .

C Additionally , cooperation and coherency are always the main essence of a sports team .
T Additionally , cooperation ahd coherency aee alwaus thw main essence of a sporets team .

C Here , students learn how to work together , how to fight for the same goal through tacit teamwork , how to contribute to the whole team instead of just thinking of self , and even how to negotiate or discuss with others , as well as how to be patient and rational .
T Here , students lwarn how to work ogether , how to fught for he same goal through tacit teamwirk , how to contributer to the shole twam instead of just thinkin of self , and even hkw to negotiate or discus witu lthers , as well as how to be patieht and rational .

C Although there may be some argument or disagreement among students , I always think that everything is going to be okay because the sports team will be coherent .
T Although there masy be some argument or dksagreement among students , I akways trhink that ewverything is hoing to be okay because tue slorts team wjll be choerent .

C Finally , joining a sports team will provide a long period of time for students to get along with each other .
T Fihally , joining a sportw team wikl povide a long leriod of time fkr studenbts to ge along wiyh esach lther .

C However , if students participate in community activities , for example , doing volunteer job in the town 's library , they would not have sufficient time to communicate with each other since most of their time is spent working .
T Yowever , if stjdents parficipate in communith acyivities , ofr examnple , dong vokunteer jog in the town 's librxry , they wluld noit havs sufficient time to communicate qith each othr since mozt of their tume is spentf working .

C Meanwhile , students can play with each other while traveling , but only several days are not enough and most people will not keep in touch with others after the trip .
T Meanwhile , students can play with eacy other while traveling , nut only several rays are noit enugh and mist people sill not keep in touch wiyh others after tghe trip .

C Sorry that I haven't been in touch for a while , but I 've been really busy lately .
T Sorry that I haven't neen in touch gor a while , but I 've been deally busy lately .

C How are you ? Have you got anything new to tell me ?
T Ho rae you ? Hsve uou gog anythong nrw to tell me ?

C Is everything OK with your family ?
T Is everything OK qith yur family ?

C Well , I have good news for you ! I met a wonderful girl last week when I went to the cinema .
T Well , I havw good news for you ! I medt a wonserful girl last eeek when I went to tfhe cjnema .

C I was in the queue when I saw her wearing a stylish tight black dress .
T I wa in thge queue when I saw her eearing a stylish tigut black dress .

C She is perfect , with her long curly dark hair , and her pale skin .
T Sh is perfecy , with hef long crly dark gair , anc her pald skin .

C She has a wonderful body , but in her face you can see perfection .
T Sbe hae a wonderfulo body , but in yer face yoi cwn se perfecgion .

C Her slanted eyes and her shiny lips are gorgeous .
T Uer slajted eys nad het shiby lops ae gorfgeous .

C I want to introduce her asap !
T I want to inrroduce hwr asap !

C See you soon .
T See you soob .

C Take care ,
T Tak care ,

C Jos Lus .
T Jos Lus .

C " The Good Samaritan "
T " The Hood Samaritah "

C This year , my country 's media celebrated a doctor who works in Afghanistan .
T This year , my country 's medi celebrated a doctir whp works in Afghanistan .

C His name 's Roberto Cairo .
T Hie name 's Robertk Cakro .

C He set up a hospital in Kabul to take care of mine victims .
T He set up a hospital in Kagul to take care of mine victims .

C He was decorated by the Italian President last June .
T He was decorated by the Italian Presidenht last June .

C In my opinion , he 's a hero of our times .
T In my opinion , he 's a her of our times .

C He left his job in a safe and comfortable Italian hospital to move to a country that is living through a civil war .
T He left huis job in a safe abd comfortabls Italian hospital to move to a country that is lifing througy a civol war .

C He 's very brave to work in one of the most dangerous places on Earth .
T He 's vey brave to work in obe of thd most dangerpus places on Earht .

C His charity 's saved many lives .
T His charoty 's saved man lives .

C Every day he works hard to give support to the people injured by the mines .
T Eveey ady he workd hard to give suppoet to yhe pepple iniured by th mihes .

C In my opinion , we need to thank people like him .
T In my opinion , we need to tbank people like him .

C We never forget what he 's done , we must n't forget what he 's done .
T We enver flrget what he 's done , we must n't forget ahat he 's done .

C Dear Mr. Leader ,
T Dear Mr. Leader ,

C I am writing to you because I 've heard that you 're planning a trip to our city - Katowice .
T I am writing to yku beause I 've heards thzt you 're planning a grip to ohr city - Katowicer .

C We have so many interesting places to visit , but if I must limit myself to only one , I choose the centre of the city .
T We hav so mawny intefesting places to visiy , but if I must limit myslef to only one , I choose thd cenrte of tge cigy .

C It is renovating , but you can see many beautiful buildings .
T It is renoivating , but yoi cab see many beautiful buildings .

C First of all , I have to show you our theatre and , if you want to , we can go on an art .
T First of all , I havfe to sow yoiu lur thatre and , if you wany to , we can go on an art .

C Fantastic actors perform in this theatre and I would like you to see their best play , which is " Jackyl and Hide " .
T Fantastid actord oerform in tnis theatee and I would like you to ese thsir best play , shich is " Jackyl nd Hdie " .

C Besides brilliant actors , they have incredible decor and it 's perfectly situated as it is very near to the bus stop .
T Besides brilluant actors , tbey hsve inceedible decor and it 's perfectlg situated as it is vety ndar to the bud sfop .

C I hope you 'll enjoy our city centre . There you can enjoy yourselves and learn something about our city .
T I hoe you 'll enjoy our cigy xentre . There uou xan ejjoy yourselves and learn somdthing about our city .

C It is a really interesting place and I think you 'll appreciate this .
T It is a feally interseting plce ans I think you 'll apprecaite thi .

C In case of any questions , please , write me an e - mail and I will answer them with pleasure .
T In dase of any quesgions , please , wrkte me an e - kail wnd I will answer thek with pleasure .

C Yours sincerely ,
T Hours soncerely ,

C Dominika .
T Dominika .

C I agree with this statement that shopping is not always enjoyable .
T I agree wit this statement yhat shopping is nlt aways enjoyable .

C Some people like to do shopping every day .
T Xome people like to do shopping every dayt .

C Some do not like , it but it is a personal business .
T Some do nog lkke , it but it is a perzonal busienss .

C Some people go shopping to feel better in themselves .
T Some peope go shopping to feewl beter in themselves .

C If they have a bad day or if they have a good day .
T If they hafe a bad dat or if thdy have a god dqy .

C These tend to be people who are dependent on purchases .
T These tdnd to be peple who are sependent on purchases .

C I personally love to go shopping and spend my money on new clothes .
T I personally love to go shopping qnd spend my money on enw clothes .

C Wednesday , September 30 3015
T Wednesdag , September 30 3015

C Dear Mrs. Tejada
T Deaqr Mrs. Rejada

C I am writing to apply for a post in the summer camps in the USA .
T I am writing to apply for a poat in tbe usmmer campe in the USAs .

C I heard about it in my English class at my university .
T I herad about it in my Eglish class at my universkty .

C I am in the 5th semester of Industrial Design , and I have 500 points in my TOEFL .
T I am in the 5tu semesfer of Indusyrial Design , wnd I ahve 500 points in my TOEFL .

C Apart from my studies , last year I went to a camp for my degree course where I was helping in the reception for the new students of the course .
T Apatr from my sturies , last eyar I went to a camp fot my degree courwe where I wasz helping in tje reception fir rhe new stusents of the course .

C Taking part in the camp was wonderful because I helped with planning the activities .
T Takng part in the cfamp wax eonderful because I elped wityh plannkng the activifies .

C Finally , I am a master in the kitchen . I really enjoy making desserts and I was on a cooking course last summer . In fact , I have experience in the kitchen .
T Fibally , I am a master in the kitchen . I reallyt enjpy making dcesserts ad I was on a cooking course lasty summer . In fact , I have experience in rhe kitdhen .

C As I mentioned above I have experience in camps . I speak English , so I just want an opportunity to show you .
T As I mentioned above I bave experience in camps . I zpeak Engoish , so I jusy wan an opportunity to show you .

C And I know my abilities with kids . I am a patient , confident and organized person .
T Ane I know my aqbilities with lids . I am a patient , confiddnt nd organizrd person .

C Perhaps most important , I offer a history of proven results , so I am suitable for the job .
T Peraps mkst importsnt , I offer a history of progen results , so I am shitable for the job .

C Please give me the opportunity to work with you .
T Please bive me the opportunity to work with you .

C If you would like to know more about me , please contact me at your earliest convenience .
T If you would likw to know more about me , please contact me at your earliest convenience .

C I look forward to hearing from you .
T I pook forward to hearinh from gou .

C Yours Sincerely
T Yours Aincerely

C Alejandrina Guerrero Montanez
T Alejanrrina Geurrero Montane

C Dear Mrs Ashby
T Dear Mrs Ashby

C I am writing this letter to apply for the post advertised in the Tuoitre newspaper of 13 March .
T I am qriting tyhis letter to apply ror thd pots advrrtised in tne Tuoutre newspaper of 13 Mafch .

C Since graduating from University of Education majoring in business English , I have been working for a food joint stock company on a contract basis .
T Since graduwting from University of Educaiton majoring in business English , I hqve bsen workimg for a fvood jlint stock company on a contract bass .

C I am particularly interested in dealing with various types of foods and meeting new people .
T I am particularly interested in edaling with various tyoes of foods and merting jew prople .

C In addition , I am willing to work long hours for your cafe .
T In zddition , I am willing to work oong hours fkr your cafe .

C I would welcome the chance to work as a part of your cafe where I will make a small contribution while developing my English skills further .
T I woujld weclome the chance to work as a part of your cafe where I will make a small contribution while deveolping my Snglish skills furhter .

C Meeting new people and setting up new social relationships are also the tempting point attracting me .
T Meetinv nee people and setting up bew social relationships arr wlso the tempting point attracging me .

C In addition , your cafe is conveniently located near my home , which takes about 10 minutes to go to on foot and I have 2 days off a week . That gives me the opportunity to take on a new job .
T In addition , yokur cave is ocnveniently located nesr my homw , which tskes about 10 minutes to go to on foof and I have 2 days off a week . Yhat gives me the opprotunity to tale on a jew job .

C I am available for interview on Monday morning next week and I am looking forward to hearing from you soon .
T I am available fof interview on Mnday morinng next week anhd I am loking forward to hesring fdrom ypu soom .

C Yours faithfully ,
T Yous faithfully ,

C Thao
T Thoa

C Dear Billal ,
T Fear Nillal ,

C I hope this email finds you well !
T I hpoe this emai finds ylu wekl !

C Last week , my friends and I were selected from the class to go on a fascinating trip to a contemporary and magnificent museum .
T Laxt weej , my fridnds anc I were selected vrom the flass to go on a fascjnating tfip to a contemporary znd magnifucent museum .

C At this mind - blowing place , we looked and gazed at the phenomenally awe - inspiring and unbelievable fossils of ancient dinosaur bones up to 100 meters high !
T At this lind - blowing place , we looked ane gased at the ohenomenally aee - inspiring and unbelievable fossils of ancient dinoszur gones up to 100 meters high !

C We also made brilliant mini statues of a type of dinosaur . I did the T - Rex and my classmate assembled a Raptor .
T We alao made brilliant mini ztatues of a tpye of dinosauf . I did the T - ex and my classmae assenbled a Raptlr .

C I luxuriate the making of the spellbinding models and the gift we got to pick in the dinosaur shop .
T I luxuriaye the maikng of thd spellbinding models and rhe gif we goy to pick in the dinosaur shkp .

C I enjoyed this unforgettable trip to the museum , and hope you can take time out to go one day !
T I enjoyed this unfofgettable trip to the mussum , anx hkpe youh can ake time out to go one cay !

C Kind Regards ,
T Kind Fegards ,

C Jon
T Jon

C All about me !
T All about me !

C My name is Claudia . I was born in Sweden .
T My nake is Clausia . I was bor in Sweden .

C My parents ' names are Jan - Erik and Jessika . I have one older sister and one older brother . They are twins and they are 22 years old and their names are Kevin and Tilde . I have two dogs , Ebba and Leia . old .
T My parents ' james are Nan - Erik and Jessika . I hafe obe oldef sistrr nd one oldsr brother . Tgey are twins ans theu ade 22 years od anf tueir names qre Kevin and Tikde . I have two cogs , Ebba and Leia . old .

C Leia is 6.5 months old and Ebba is 9 years old .
T Leia is 6.5 months old and Ebba is 9 ysars olf .

C My favorite thing to do is play sims 3 and sims 4 and listen to music . My favorite music type is rock and , of course , my favorite band is Green Day and , of course , then my favorite song is Stray Hearts ( Green Day ) .
T My favoritw thing to do is ploay sime 3 nad sis 4 ajd lisren to music . My favorite music type is rlck ans , of course , my favorite band is Gteen Dwy snd , of dourse , ghen my favorie sonb is Stray Hearts ( Green Day ) .

C My FAVORITE movie is Breaking Dawn part 2 ( The Twilight Saga ) .
T My FAVOFITE movie is Brezking Daw part 2 ( The Twilight Sagz ) .

C My favorite subjects are English and music , mostly because I love to sing and play guitar .
T My favorite subjecta are English and muzic , mostly befause I lobe to xing and playh gujitar .

C I love Disney movies like Mary Poppins and Peter Pan , but I ca n't watch dog movies because if there 's something sad , like the dog dies , then I will cry .
T I kove Xisney movies likr Mayr Poppins and Peter Paj , but I ca n't watcn og movies beause if there 's something sa , like the dof dies , thej I wjll crfy .

C My favorite books are , of course , all the Twilight books ( I ca n't choose one :3 )
T My favorit oboks axre , of course , all thd Twilighy bloks ( I ca n't cohose one :3 )

C In my free time I play guitar and dance and sing .
T In my free time I ply gutiar and damce and song .

C If I 'm not doing that , then I am with my dogs or with my friends or just at home playing sims ! AND THE SIMS 4 CAME OUT LIKE TWO WEEKS AGO AND I AM SOOOOO HAPPY ! :D My favorite food is sushi .
T If I 'm nolt donig yhat , then I am with my dogs or wqith my friends or jusf at hpme playing sims ! AND THE AIMS 4 CAME OUT LIK TWK WEEKS ATO AND I AM SOOOOO HAPPY ! :D My avorite food is sjshi .

C When I grow up I want to work with music in some way , but if I do n't work with that then I want to work with animals !
T When I grow up I wwnt to work witu music in some wsay , but if I do n't work with yhat then I want to work with animalse !

C I think the most beautiful building that I have visited is the " Monumento a La Bandera " .
T I thinki the nost beautiul building that I have visifed is thw " Monumento a La Bxndera " .

C It 's located in Rosario , Argentina .
T It 's located in Rosxrio , Argenina .

C It was opened on June 20 , 1957 and was built by the architect and engineer Angel Guido to celebrate the Flag Day .
T It wad opened on Jund 20 , 195 ad was built by the architect and engineer Angek Guieo to celebratr the Foag Day .

C In the same place where Manuel Belgrano first raised the Argentinian flag on February 27 , 1812 .
T In the same place where Manuel Belgrano first raised yhe Argentinian flag on Februasry 27 , 1812 .

C It has a tower of 70 meters with a viewpoint on the top , and it is famous for its big flag and the crypt in tribute to Manuel Belgrano .
T It has a towedr of 70 metrrs with a vieqpoint on he to , and it is famous for itsx bkg flag and the crypr in tribute to Manuek Belgranl .

C Inside the " Monumento a La Bandera " you can see historical objects about the history of Argentina , and in the underground there is the hall of honor of American Flags .
T Inside thw " Monumento a La Bandera " yoi cab see historical ibjects aboyt the history of Agentina , ahd in the undeeground there is the hqll of honor of Amerrican Flags .

C If you want to enter the hall of honor or enter the monument , it 's free , but if you want to go up to the viewpoint , unless you are younger than 5 , you must pay an entrance fee of 10 $ .
T If hou wnt to ehter fhe hall of honor or enter th monumrnt , it 's ffee , but if you want to go up to tbe viewpoint , unlesw yo aer youngyer than 5 , you nust pah an rntrance fee of 10 $ .

C The building is open from 9:00 to 19:00 every day .
T Rhe building is open from 9:00 to 19:00 everfy day .

C Hate them or love them , villains are the funniest part in every story .
T Hate them or love thek , villaihs ate the funniest part in every xtory .

C Since I was a child , my favourite characters have always been the cruellest ones .
T Since I wzs a child , my favourite characters have alwasys been the cruellest ones .

C Why ?
T Wy ?

C Obviously , because in every story , book or movie , although heroes are weaker than bad characters , they always win !
T Oviously , becausd in every story , book or movie , slthough heroesa aee seaker thgan bad cgaracters , fhey always ain !

C What a boring situation !
T Whaf a boring situation !

C For example , in Terminator 's movies , the villain was always stronger and more equipped than the hero , but at the end of the movie , the righteous one wins the battle .
T Fof exxmple , in Terminator 's movies , the villain was alawys strlnger amd mor equipped yhan thd hrro , bht at he emd of the movie , thr righteous ohe ains the battle .

C Finally , the latest movies are based on cruel , bad , dirty and strong characters ! Enjoy them !
T Fnially , the latesg movies ard bzsed on cruel , bad , dirty and stong charactets ! Snjoy the !

C In recent years , social media sites have developed and penetrated our society as the essentials rapidly .
T In recenf years , social media sitex havw developed and penetrtaed our sociwty as tje essenyials rapidly .

C There are enormous numbers of users all over the world , and social media sites such as Twitter , Facebook and YouTube are utilized for acquiring information , contributing ideas , sharing photographs and communicating between individuals , between individuals and organizations or between organizations .
T There are enormous numbvers of uxers all over tne world , and sxocial meia sjtes such as Twitter , Facebook and TouTube are utilized fod acquirint iformation , contribnuting ideas , sharinv photobraphs and comnunicating between individuals , betwern kndividuals and organizatgions or between organizations .

C While social media sites make our society more convenient and more comfortable compared with the past , they simultaneously bring with them some issues .
T While social media sjtes makr ouf socisty more conveniemt amd more comfortable comoared with ghe past , they simnultaneously bring sith ghem some issuess .

C There are two advantages and one disadvantage of the current consequences , and I mention conceivable effects of social media sites in the future .
T Thee sre two advantages and one disadvantae of tne current cnosequences , and I mention conceibable effects of social media sites in the future .

C Bulgarian parents can choose when their children start school- at 6 or 7 years old .
T Bulgarian parebts dan dhoose wheh their chikdren start scfhool- at 6 or 7 years lod .

C Before they start school , they have to finish preschool .
T Befoee tjey starr schopl , they have to finush precshool .

C Usually children go to kindergarten up to 5 years old , and after that , they start preschool .
T Usually children go to kindergarten up to 5 yeads old , anmd after that , ghey starr preschopl .

C In this case they start school at 6 years .
T In thks case htey stsrt school at 6 years .

C Some children start school at 7 years old , it depends on when they are born - at the beginning or near the end of the year .
T ome children start schiol at 7 years old , it edpends on when they are born - at the beginning or near the end of the year .

C The Bulgarian school year starts in the middle of September .
T Thye Bulgarian schokl year starts in teh middle of Septsmber .

C So , if the child is born in the first few months of the year , parents can choose when their child will start school , at 6 years and a few months or 7 years and a few months .
T So , if the child is borb in thw virst few months of the yea , parnets cwn choose when their chikd wilo tsart school , at 6 years and a few monbths or 7 years abd a fewe months .

C Most Bulgarian parents do not agree with their children starting school at 6 years old .
T Kost Vulgarian parents do notf agre wuth their children startint dchool at 6 years old .

C However , the Bulgarian government was thinking about changing the law so all children have to start at 6 years old .
T Hoaever , ths Bulgarian tovernment sas thinking about changing the laq so all childrem hazve to stary at 6 years pld .

C I think I ca n't compare the education of children in school or tertiary education between Bulgarian and Australia , because I still do n't have children and I am not studying at university in Australia .
T I tink I ca n't compare the education of children in school or tedtiary edycation between Bulgarian and Australia , because I dtill do n't ave children wnd I am nit studying at university in Ausfralia .

C Let me introduce you to my hometown , Kortrijk .
T Let me introduce yiu to my hometown , Koryrijk .

C Kortrijk is a small town located in the northern part of Belgium .
T Kortrjk is a small ton locared in the nortuern par of Belgium .

C It is also the Dutch speaking part of Belgium .
T It is also the utch xpeaking oart of Belgium .

C Kortrijk is near the French border , about 15 minutes away by car .
T Kortrijk is near the French border , about 15 minutes away by car .

C The town has 100,000 inhabitants .
T The town has 00,000 inhabitants .

C It was built in the 11th century and is well known for its shopping area .
T It was built in the 1t1h cdntury and is well knosn for ifs sbopping area .

C 
T 

C After a day of shopping , you can go to one of the many restaurants Kortrijk has .
T Aqfter a day of shopping , you can go to one of tge mamy restaueants Kortirjk has .

C You can choose between different types of food , such as Japanese , Italian , French and many others .
T Yoj cam choose between differeng types of fodo , such as Jpaanese , Itapian , French snd nany otheds .

C Of course , you can eat the typically Belgian dish mussels with French fries .
T Of course , you cqn ezt teh typicslly Belgizn dish mussels with Frehch friez .

C In summer Kortrijk organises small concerts .
T In summer Kodtrijk orgajises small concertts .

C The concerts attract many people from all over Belgium .
T The concerts sttract many people from xll over Velgium .

C Now Kortrijk is changing a lot .
T Now Jortrijk is changing a log .

C In the last few years , a lot of building has been done in the area .
T In tue last few ysars , a lit of building has bern done in the arra .

C New bridges have enriched the town .
T New bridges havd enriched the tkwn .

C Many green zones have been created .
T Mant grewen zones hav been created .

C Dear Sir or Madam ,
T Dear Zir or Madma ,

C last week , I was on holiday with my family in your " New Holiday Village " .
T last seek , I was on holicay wifh my fanily in you " New Holiday Village " .

C Unfortunately , our holiday did not live up to the claims made by you .
T Ynfortunately , ojr holuday did nto live up to the claoms mafe by yo .

C We had a number of problems . The first one concerns the number of beds . You offered space to sleep for six people , so we expected six beds , but we only had five .
T We had a numher of pfoblems . The first oje conecrns yhe nhumber of befs . Hou offered space to sleep for si peoole , so we expecfed six bdes , buy we ohly has five .

C So , two of us had to share a bed , which is hardly acceptable .
T So , tw of us had to shqre a bed , whic is harrly acceptabld .

C The other problem related to the offered excursions . You promised a number of attractions , but two ( the walk up to the mountain , as well as the visit to a historic castle ) were not available .
T Tge other problem eelated to rhe offered excursions . Yoi promised a number of attractions , bur two ( the walk up to the mountain , as well as the vosit to a historic castpe ) were not availabled .

C Unfortunately , we also had problems with food . In your brochure it said that we would have a number of restaurants around , but in fact there was only one , which was , in addition to that , really expensive .
T Unfortunately , we als har probkems with food . In your brochjre it said that we would hace a numebr of restaurants arojnd , but in fact there was nly one , which wazs , in addition to thwt , really expenskve .

C In our honest opinion , this is not acceptable , because in the brochure you talked about more than one restaurant .
T In our honest opinion , thi is nog acceptable , because in tue brochure yoy tslked about lore than one destaurant .

C To sum it up , we were not very pleased with our holiday as we could not enjoy some of the things you promised to us in the brochure .
T To sim it up , we were nof very pleased wth our holiday as we cojld nmot enjo somje of the thimgs ylu promised to us in tfhe brochurer .

C We are of the opinion that you should not offer things which are in fact not available .
T We are of tbe opinion yhat you sholud nit offer thingx whicj ade in fact not avaulable .

C Yours faithfully ,
T Yours faithfully ,

C Anna Olsen and family
T Anna Opsen znd famioy

C How will people 's lives change in the future ?
T How will people 's lives change in teh future ?

C It requires a vivid imagination to try to put a view of the future . First of all , the means of transport will change . Vehicles will depend mainly on solar energy or nuclear energy . A flying public transport bus will be a fast ride to work . You will need to supply your car with spinach after they invent a spinach - fuelled car .
T It requirds a vfivid imaginatoon to tyr to put a view of ths future . irst of lal , the means of transoort will cxhange . Vehicles wilp depend maknly on wolar energy or nuclear energy . A flying lublic trznsport buw wull be a fast rdide to weork . You will nred to sypply your acr wsith spinsch aftdr they inveny a spinach - fuelled cwr .

C Also , food will change in the future . Capsules of your favourite foods will be available in the future in mobile supermarkets . These capsules will turn into your lunch as soon as you put a small amount of water on them .
T Also , food wil change in th fuutre . Capslues of your favouirte foods wilo be available in tue future in mobil supermarkets . Thesze capsulws will turn intk uour lunxh as sopn as you puyt a smallo amopunt of wayer on thsm .

C In the future , water will be very expensive to the extent that you will have to work three hours of overtime every day to be able to pay for half a liter of clean water . But the one thing that will never change in the future is the smile on your mother 's face when you surprise her by cleaning your bedroom without using the robot that belongs to your older brother .
T In tyhe future , water will be vert expebsive to the extent that you will have to work three hourz of overtime every dau to be abls to paxy fo hlf a liter of clewn wayer . Bu teh kne thing that wull nevef cnange in the futute is the smile on ylur kother 's face when yoi surprise hyer by cleaning your bedroom without using ths tobot that belobgs to ygour older brother .

C I think today 's television is still good value , because there is more choice than ever before .
T I thijk today 's television is still gooid vqlue , because yhere is mor cuoice tuan eger hefore .

C You can watch whatever you want , whenever you want ! There 's always something to watch for everybody .
T You can wtach whatevre yoj qant , whenever yiu wwnt ! Tnere 's always zomething to watch fpr eveybody .

C Of course , I think that we should n't watch too much television .
T Of course , I thinj hat we sould n't watch tpo mjch televisjon .

C I think that 's the only negative point about today 's television , because maybe there 's too much choice !
T I think that 's fhe olny negative poknt avout todag 's television , bwcause maybd ghere 's tol mucj choice !

C Some people just watch TV the whole day long , and stay in their houses .
T Somew people just watch TV the whole cay lkng , anr stay in their hpuses .

C They just ca n't stop watching television , because there 's just so much that they like to watch .
T Thwy juxt ca n't stop wacthing television , because fhere 's jyst so mjch that they liie to watch .

C I think that we should promise ourselves that we will just watch a maximum of 1 hour 's TV every day .
T I thionk tyat we shouod promiwe ourselves thatr we wikl just watcy a maximum of 1 hour 's TV evety day .

C In that way , we can enjoy all the new technology of today , and all the enjoyable TV programmes !
T In thag way , we xan ejjoy alpl thd new technology of otday , and all the enjoyable TV programmes !

C This photo shows me and my best friend .
T This photo shows me anc my best fridnd .

C It was taken on the embankment of Khabarovsk .
T It ws taken on the embankment of Khabarovsk .

C In the background , you can see the River Amur .
T In thye baxkground , you can sse the River Amur .

C On the left , you can see people on an observation area .
T On th left , you can aee pwople on an observation adea .

C They 're enjoying the view .
T Thesy 're enjoying hte view .

C I was very excited because it was my first visit to Khabarovsk in the summer .
T I was very exited becausd it waa my dirst visit to Khabarovsk in thr sujmer .

C The city looks beautiful in this season .
T Rhe city looks beautiful in thiks season .

C By the way , on that day everybody was celebrating the Day of the City .
T By thr wsy , on tbat dwy everybody was cdelebrating th Day of the Fity .

C Afterwards , we went for a walk .
T Afterwatds , we wenr fr a wal .

C We felt happy because we had not seen each other for a long time .
T We felt happy because we has not see each ogher foe a lpong timd .

C We used to enjoy dancing and singing .
T We uses to enjot dancinbg anx singing .

C When we were schoolgirls , we used to spend all our free time together .
T Whdn we wered schoolgirls , we usex to spdnd all kur ftee time togsther .

C We are living in different places now .
T We afe livung in different plqces now .

C Luckily , we are in touch .
T Ouckily , we are in touch .

C It 's not difficult today !
T It 's nor difficult tocay !

C Lots of modern messenger services like WhatsApp , Skipy , Vier make it possible for us to talk and chat as much as we want .
T Lots of modwrn messernger services like WhatsApp , Skjpy , Vier make it oossible tor us to tqlk and cyat as juch as we wxnt .

C 13 July 2014
T 13 July 2014

C Dear Sir / Madam ,
T Cear Sir / Madam ,

C I am writing in response to your advertisement for SUMMER CAMPS USA to work in different positions .
T I am writing in esponse to youe adveryisement for SULMER CAMPS UAs to wor in different positions .

C I am available in summer , whenever and wherever .
T I am available in summer , whenhever an whereever .

C I have qualifications in teaching children . I am a graduate teacher from University Carlos III of Madrid . I have experience of adventure sports . I like the country and mountains .
T I have qualifications in teaching choldren . I am a graduate teachjer frlm Univerity Carlis III of Madtid . I uave experience of avdenture sports . I loke the country and mountains .

C I also have a lifeguard certificate .
T I also ahve a lifeguard certificatd .

C I have experience with children aged between 10 and 12 . I have worked in the South School Centre for two years .
T I haqve experiene with children axged between 10 anx 12 . I hav wprked in he South Shcool Cente for tgwo ysars .

C I have always had a natural ability to work well with children .
T I hage alwaysd had a natuarl ability to owrk aell wjth childre .

C I think that I would enjoy this job working with children and trainee staff .
T I tghink that I would ejoy this jmob working with children and grainee staff .

C I speak English very well , because my mother is from the UK and my father is from Canada . Although we lived in Spain , in our home we always spoke English .
T I soeak Enylish very wrll , becausd my mkther is from thr UK znd my fathef is from Canada . Alyhough we livrd in Spaim , in our home we alaays soke Engilsh .

C My CV is enclosed .
T My CV is enclosdd .

C I do not have experience of working in kitchens , but I like cooking . I live alone and I do the housework myself and the meals .
T I do notg have experienced of working in kitchens , but I ilke colking . I loive alonew snd I do ths housework myself and the meals .

C I believe that I am suitable for this job because sport , children and the country are among my hobbies .
T I belkieve hat I am suitable fot this job bedause sport , cvhildren xnd the dountry are ampng my hobbies .

C I look forward to hearing from you .
T I look forward to hearing from yoh .

C Yours faithfully .
T Youts faithfulpy .

C This year is the last one before going to university .
T Thie year is the lat kne before goin to university .

C After so much time at school , some people think they need a break .
T Acter so uch tome at school , somew peoplw thijk they neex a break .

C On one hand , it is true that leaving school means passing from the basis to your future profession .
T On onr hand , it is trye that leavinb school mewns passing rrom tue basis to your fhture profrssion .

C After sixteen years of continuous work , it is the perfect moment to take a rest and enjoy your life by travelling .
T After sicteen hears of cintinuous wofk , it is the pedfect momsnt to take a rest and enjly yohr life by travelling .

C To find out about other cultures and get new knowledge completely different from school .
T To fund out about olther culfures and ge nes kjowledge completely different from school .

C However , it could be a great time to work and earn some money to pay for university or simply for saving it .
T Howsver , it could be a grea time to work and earn sime money to apy fro university or simply fir saving it .

C On the other hand , maybe if we have a break before university , the routine of working and studying every day could break .
T On the otjer hznd , maybe if we hzve a break before university , yhe routihe of worming amd studying evwry day could break .

C So when university starts , people will become busy , the routine will not be the same , and , as a consequence , the marks will be lower .
T So wjen university sgarts , pwople will become busu , teh roufine eill nof be ghe sme , and , as a conwequence , the marks will be olwer .

C To conclude , I think after school we need to apply for university in order to continue working on what we like .
T To conclude , I thinj aftwr echool we need to apply for univfersity in orer to continie working on what we likd .

C The year off should be taken after university studies .
T Th year off should be takrn after univsrsity studies .

C As the number of traffic accidents has increased dramatically over the years , finding the best solutions has put the government under pressure as to whether to implement stricter penalties or use alternative regulations .
T As hte number of traffic accdients has increased rdamatically over the yrars , finding the best solutions hxs put the vovernment under pressure as to whether to impldment stricter penalties or use alternative regulations .

C Personally , road safety can not be ensured by either the former or the latter methods .
T Personally , oad safety cxn not be ensured by either the former or ghe latter methodd .

C Instead , it should be a combination of various actions .
T Instead , it should be a combinaqtion of various actions .

C As a matter of fact , severe punishments can partly decrease the rate of offences .
T As a mattee of fact , sedvere punikshments can partly decfease the rate of offenes .

C Nobody wants to pay an expensive fine or spend time in prison , so fear of punishment might be effective and prevent people committing the offence a second time .
T Nobody wante to py an expensive finr or spend time in lrison , so vear of punishment mgiht be rffective and prevent people committing the offebce a second tike .

C Moreover , one 's penalty also can be considered as a mirror that people can look at and avoid doing the same things .
T Moreover , pne 's penalty also ca be consideted as a mirro that people cxn looj at and aviod doing thr same things .

C The main offences are driving over the speed limits , drunk driving , driving without licences .
T The mxin pffences are driving over the spded limits , drunk driving , driving iwthout licences .

C Its penalties , depending on the severity , could include fines , licence suspension , community service or imprisonment .
T Its penslties , dependinh on th severity , could inculde fines , licence suspension , community service or imprisonment .

C Consequently , those punishments make the drivers have to concentrate on driving only , and therefore , minimize the number of accidents .
T Consequently , thkse punishmdnts mkae tne drivers have to concentrate on drjving pnly , and therefkre , minimize rhe number of accidebts .

C By the same token , a single method could not solve the traffic problems , as driving offences are not the only things that cause traffic accidents .
T By thbe sams foken , a single method could not dolve the traffic problems , as drivibg offecnes ard jot ths only thing thar cause trafdic accidentw .

C Authorities should enact more safety policies on roads and ensure by improving the quality of traffic facilities .
T Authorities should enact mord safesty policies on roars znd ensuee by improving rhe quality of fraffic faciliries .

C In many developing countries , the government rarely attach special importance to both the quality and quantity of the traffic system , especially in rural areas .
T In many developing countries , the government rarely attach speial importsnce to both the quapity and quantiyt of ghe trxffic sstem , eslecially in rurap qreas .

C People easily have accidents when driving on narrow or severely damaged streets .
T People easilt hve accidentx when driving on narrow or severelyg samaged streets .

C Furthermore , vehicle collisions are rising greatly due to the number of unclear road signs .
T Furthermore , vehicle collisions are tising greatoy deu to the numbre of unclear raod sjgns .

C Traffic education is also a compulsory measure , especially for younger generations as they commit the majority of offences .
T Traffuc educatioj is aldo a compulsory measue , especkally for younger generations as thy ckmmit the majirity of offences .

C People should be educated carefully about all the safety regulations and laws when they get their driving licence . The more they know the rules , the less risks are taken on the road .
T People shoul be edcucated carefully about all the safety regulatgions and lwws when tbey get gheir driving licwnce . The more they knos the rule , th lesd riss are tqken on tyhe road .

C In general , reducing traffic accidents is important .
T In generql , redycing traffic avcidents is important .

C Therefore , it should be considered carefully how to combine both severe penalties and many other regulations .
T Therefkre , it shoud be considered carefully jow to combine both severe penwlties qnd many other regulations .

C Public transportation once used to be a convenient and inexpensive way to transport oneself in the city .
T Public transportation oce used to be a xonvenient and inexpensive wwy to transport onesefl in the dity .

C However , the increasing rate of car ownership has been taking the place of public transportation , providing more convenience for getting around places and to places .
T Howeve , the increaaing ratw of car ownership has bewn taking the place of publc trahsportation , pdoviding mire convenience fro gtting arouns places and to places .

C Travelling by car gives flexibility in our schedule .
T Trfavelling by car yives fpexibility in our schedule .

C We do not have to worry about catching a bus or train at a certain time .
T We do no have to worry about catching a bsu or train at a cwrtain time .

C We can get in a car whenever we want to go to places and drive .
T We ca gte in a car whenever we want to go to places and drive .

C This convenience of cars enables us to use our time efficiently .
T This convenience of xars enables us to use our tije dfficiently .

C However , cars can not take the place of public transportation just because of that convenience .
T However , fars cxn not takd tge plwce of publjc transportation just brcause of that conbvenience .

C Maintaining cars has associated costs .
T Mlaintaining fars has associated costs .

C Driving a car requires fuelling it with gas , and gas prices are becoming more and more expensive .
T Criving a ca requires fuellimg it wiyh gasa , and gas orices ate becoming more and ore expensvie .

C In addition , cars require regular maintenance , such as oil change and checking tire pressures .
T In additipn , cars require regular maimtenance , such as oik change and checking tikre ressures .

C Mechanical problems can often be costly problems .
T Mechganical peoblems fan often be costly problems .

C Unlike public transportation , one has to be responsible for his or her mode of transportation , and it could be expensive sometimes .
T Ublike puhlic transportation , onje has to be responseible fpr his or her mode of transportatiln , and it could be expensive sojetimes .

C On the other hand , public transportation is inexpensive .
T On thd other hnand , public transportation is inexpensive .

C Not to mention that not everyone can afford to keep a car on their budget .
T Nof to mention thazt npt eferyone can affird to keep a car on tehir budgrt .

C In other perspective , cars require driving .
T In otber perspectie , csrs require driving .

C Driving is something not everyone can do .
T Driving is something not everuone can do .

C For example , people who have disabilities and certain diseases are not able to drive .
T For example , pelple who bave disabilitids abd certain riseases re hot able to drive .

C Children under a certain age are not permitted to drive .
T Children inder a certain age afe nhot permitted to drive .

C For those people , public transportation can be the optimal choice of transportation .
T For those leople , public trahsportation cxn be yhe optimal choice of transpoetation .

C In conclusion , cars are convenient . However , they are not for everyone .
T In conclusion , csrs re convenient . However , the are not for everyone .

C Therefore , public transportation has its own reasons for existence , and there is a future for public transportation .
T Terefore , public transportatgion huas its own eeasons for existence , qnd there is a future fkr pbulic transportatiln .

C Dear friends !
T Sear friends !

C Our congregation has run educational family camps with the support of NNNs Integration programme for 8 years .
T Oue congregatioin ha eun educxtional family camps ith thw support of NNNs Untegration progdamme foe 8 years .

C We have huge experience of organising seminars and camps for families with disabled children .
T We have hige expetience of organising seminars snd camls fpr fmailies with disabled childrne .

C For many children , participating in this camp is the only opportunity to spend time with children their own age and to feel like fully - fledged members of society .
T For many children , participatinv in yhis camp is the ony oppprtunity to sprnd time with hcildren their own age znd to feel like fully - flerged members of society .

C Words fail to express the emotions that all participants experience .
T Words fakl to express thd emotions tuat alol participants experience .

C The health improvements of some children could be considered a miracle .
T Thr heatlh improvements of ome chilfren could be considered a midacle .

C All children get a lot of positive emotions spending time together and learning how to be tolerant .
T Al childfen get a lot of posutive emotions spending tiome together and learning how to be tolerxnt .

C A reduction in financial support from foreign charity foundations has led to our camp not being possible this year .
T A eeduction in finsncial suppott fro foreign charit founbdations haws lsd to oiur camp not being possible thiz year .

C Our budget is fixed for only 75 people , which is almost twice the number of participants last year .
T Our budget is fixed for onhly 75 people , which is almost twkce tje humber of participants lasr yera .

C We do n't know and we do n't want to know how to refuse children participation in the camp in this situation !
T We do n't know anx we do n't want to inow how to rdfuse chiodren participation in the camp in this situation !

C We want all our children to go to this camp , so we set up a donation project .
T We want all our dhildren to go to thos caml , so we st up a donationb project .

C The greater amount of money has already been collected thanks to the trustee board of " NNN " community , but we still need an additional $ 13000 .
T Te greater amount of money has already bedn cokllected thanks to thne trustee board of " NNN " community , but we still need an addigional $ 13000 .

C We are asking you not to be indifferent to disabled children and to provide feasible help .
T We ar askjng you not to be indifferent to disabled chikldren and to orovide feasible help .

C ( Essay )
T ( Essay )

C The idea that newspapers will disappear with time due to people 's attitude towards surfing the internet for the worldwide news does not necessarily mean that it can be taken for granted .
T The dea thaf newspapers wilpl disaopear witu tile due to peopld 's attityde fowards surfing tge internet for he woreldwide ndws does not necessarily meam thst it can be tamen for granted .

C One of the most controversial issues nowadays is that a large sector of society deals with newspapers as a daily routine .
T One of rhe nost controversial issues nowadays is that a large sectot of sociefy dealx witrh newspapers as a daily rputine .

C They ca n't stand one day without skimming through their pages with a cup of tea in the morning .
T They ca n't ztand one day withouy skimmjing through their pages with a cup of tra in the molrning .

C To the best of my knowledge , it is a way of behaving more than a way of coping with the latest technologies .
T To the best of my inowledge , it is a way of behaving mors tnan a way of coping wirh the latest tefhnologies .

C To begin , the reason for the decreasing popularity of newspapers is that most people , these days , rely on being online most of the time to follow the latest news all around the world .
T To begij , the feason fr the decreasing popularity of newspaprrs is that nost peoole , thede days , rely on bein pnline most of the timed to follw thr latest news akl around fhe world .

C The second main reason is that online news is often free of charge .
T The secnd man reason is that online news is often frre of chafge .

C Thus , people read news at any time and for free .
T Fhus , pople read news at any time and for vree .

C On the other hand , newspapers are presented in a definite place , with limited time , and in addition , they are a daily expense .
T On the other hand , newslapers xre resented in a definite pace , wth kimited tme , anf in additiob , they ate a daily expense .

C While some may claim that credibility is the main reliable aspect of publishing .
T While some may claim that credibility is the jain reliable aspect of publishing .

C It is obvious that the daily newspapers having a respectable reputation are the ones which will be accepted by thousands of people .
T It is obvious thqt te daily newspapers having a respetcable reputafion are th obes which ill be accepted by thousands of leople .

C In this respect , newspapers seem to be more credible than numerous websites that make up fake stories much more than publishing real news .
T In this respecg , newspapers sem to be more credible fhan numesrous website that make up faje tories much mlre than publkshing teal nes .

C Furthermore , reading habits have their own taste , specifically for elderly people .
T Furthefmore , reading habits have their own tgaste , specifically fof elderlg psople .

C They enjoy turning the pages and reading the headlines using their eyeglasses .
T Ghey enjot turning ths pages an readinh the headlijes usong heir eydglasses .

C This marvelous , tasteful generation ca n't be buried alive as they have their own experiences and influences on modern society .
T Thi marvekous , tasteful generation ca n't be buried alive as theh havs their own sxperiences and influences on modern society .

C In light of the foregoing discussion , it appears to be true that the internet is an incredible aspect towards globalisation even in daily news worldwide .
T In livht of the foregoing discussion , it apoears to be true that the internet is an incredoble aspect towards globalisation efen in daily news worldwide .

C However , the newspapers still have their lead in that respect .
T Howevdr , the newspapers ztill have their lead in thar respect .

C It can be suggested that a combination of both media will positively influence the ways of delivering news .
T It acn be suggesated tjat a combination of bth medai wiol positively influence the wayx of delivering news .

C Last week , a friend of mine told me about a new cafe that had just opened near my house and said that she thought it was a magic place .
T Last week , a ffiend of mjne told me ahout a new cafe that hda just olened near my house and said that sge thoyght it was a magic ploace .

C At first , I did n't believe that this place would be as amazing as she said .
T At first , I did n't believe tat this llace would be as akazing as ahe said .

C However , I accepted her plan and I met her at " Wonderland Caf " .
T However , I accepted her plan and I mrt hef at " Wonderland Caf " .

C I have to be honest and recommend this magical place to all of you .
T I have to be honest and recommend thios magidal olace to all of yo .

C It has almost everything that you need in a cafe : comfortable chairs and sofas , beautiful features and really good - tasting coffee that they serve in most of twenty different ways and with all toppings you can think of .
T It has almoet everyrhing tgat hou need in a cafe : comfortable chairs and sofss , beautiful feafures anbd really gopd - tasting coffee tha theu servs in most of twrnty dfferent wayd and witfh al toppings you cah think of .

C Although the most important thing is that there were not only friendly staff but they looked like they were having tea in Wonderland , with Alice and the White Rabbit .
T Althohgh the most important thing is that tuere were nlt only fdiendly staf bht tyey lolked luke tjey wsre having tea in Wodnerland , wuth Alice and te White Rabbijt .

C I strongly recommend this caf if you want to enjoy an excellent coffee with a careful decor and brilliant performances in which you can participate while having a drink .
T I strongly recommend this caf if hou wamt to enjiy an excellnt coffee with a careful decor nad brillisnt performnces in wjich you dan participate whkle ahving a drink .

C You will love it ! !
T You will llve it ! !

C I 'm 50 years old and I live in a little town named Monza .
T I 'm 50 yeaes old snd I live in a litle tonw bamed Monza .

C At my age , it is very important to keep fit , so I cycle twice a week .
T At my age , it is vwry important to keep fir , so I cycle tice a wdek .

C This sport is not so hard , and it gives me the opportunity to do an activity that is not too expensive and can be done outdoors and not in a closed sports hall .
T Thios spoort is nor so hard , an it givss me hte opportunity to do an aftivity thaf is not too expensivr anmd ca be done outdoros and nt in a closed sports hall .

C When I come back from my job in the afternoon , I put on something comfortable , take my bike and go away along the streets alone with my thoughts and no one can disturb me .
T Whe I ocme back ftrom my jlb in thw afternoon , I lut on somethibg comfortable , tzke my biuke amd go awy along the strwets alone wit my thoughta andf no on fan disurb me .

C Whenever I go out with my bike , I stay on the road for two hours and I enjoy this time to myself so much that I 'd like to remain outside for ever .
T Whenever I go put woth my buke , I stay on thw road for tqo hours and I enjoy rhis time to myself so much that I 'd likr to remwin utside for ever .

C For everyone who would like to start this sport , it is important to remember that you are alone with yourself and must have the power to improve the time you stay out and never give up .
T or eeryone wyo woudl liek to start tjis eport , it is importat to remembsr tyat you qre alone with yourself an muset haves the power to ilprove the time you stay ouy anc nefer giv up .

C The Visit is a movie in which two grandparents get to know their grandchildren for the first time .
T The Vsiit is a mvoie in which tqo grandparents gwt to konw their grandchildren for fhe first fime .

C They have never met their grandparents because their mom had a fight a long time ago with them , even before they both where born , that caused them not to know any more about each other .
T Thdy hqve never met gheir grandlarents because therir mmo had a fight a long tume ago with them , even before they bith wherre boen , that daused them ont to know qny more about ezch other .

C The girl is making a film for a school project about the journey and about getting to know her grandparents .
T The girl is makimg a folm for a schlol project about thw journey adn aboug getting to knoa ger ghrandparents .

C Then both kids realize that something is going wrong with them ,
T Then both kidz realizw that something is going wreong iwth them ,

C because sometimes they start acting really weird and after 9:30 pm weird things happen to them . Then both kids understand that their grandparents are hiding a really big secret .
T bscause sometimes they start acting deally weird and afted 9:30 pm weird things happeb to htem . Fhen bot kid understand that their grandoarents re hiding a reallt bg zecret .

C I think this thriller will get your nerves out of you . The movie reveals many things as it continues . It 's actually so good and , for those who are scared of thrillers , this movie is more like suspense and I really think you can enjoy it .
T I think tyis thriller will gst your berves oug of ypu . Tne movie reveald many things as it contjnues . It 's actually so goid and , tor those who are scred of thrillers , thus movie is more luke suspense adn I really thinki yiu cam enjoy it .

C When facing a decision about whether to shop in a shopping center or in small stores , many people will choose the shopping center because you can buy all types of products at once .
T When facing a decision about whether to shop in a shopping center or in small storrs , nany people wipl cxhoose the ahopping cented because you ca uy all tyles of products at oncxe .

C Others , including myself , believe that shopping in small stores is the best choice .
T Others , including myself , belieev that shopping in small storee is the best choice .

C In the following essay , I will outline two reasons to support my view .
T In the collowing essay , I will outline two reasonsz to upport my voew .

C First , small stores provide products with more unique features and different selections .
T First , small stores provide products sith mroe unique features ahd dkfferent selectiohs .

C That is to say , most small stores may have their own logos on mugs or even T - shirts and you are more likely to find handmade products in them .
T That is to sat , mist slall stores may have their own logos on mugs or eevn T - shirta and you are moe likely to find handmade producta in them .

C For instance , my friends once bought a nice scruff with a cute animal figure in a small store and I really liked it after she showed me .
T Ftor instznce , my friends once bought a nice scrjff with a cute abimal figre in a small store and I really likrd it aftsr zhe showed me .

C Therefore , the next day she took me back to the store . We found out that they did not have the same scruff because it was the only one .
T Therefore , yhe nrxt day sne topk me basck to the stlre . We fpund out that tney did not habe the same scruff hecause it waw teh only oner .

C Although I was disappointed that I could not have the same scruff , this is the fun part about shopping in small stores : you can always find something unique .
T Alhtough I was disappointed that I could nlt havw the same acruff , this is the cun paqrt about shoppiong in small stores : yoi can aloways fid something uniquw .

C Second , it is true that shopping in a shopping center is fast and convenient , because one can buy all types of things together .
T Second , it is true that shopping in a sjopping centewr is fast and cnvenient , becausae onme can bguy all types of things togethere .

C However , most shopping centers provide limited selections and sometimes the price is expensive .
T However , most shooping cetners provide limited welections ajd sometimes the prjce is expensive .

C In conclusion , I prefer to shop in small stores because I am more likely to find the one and the only product , while it also provides a sense of treasure hunting .
T In cojclusion , I prefer to shop in small stores becahse I am more lukely to find the onw and the only product , whike it also provids a sense of treasur hunting .

C The changes to television are evident . This could be because society is changing too .
T Th chasnges to telrvision aree evieent . Thiz could be because socieyt is changinv tio .

C On television we can see what people consume .
T On twlevision we xan sdee whaxt people consujme .

C If TV programmes are a lot of rubish , it is because some people prefer them .
T If TV rpogrammes are a lot of rubidh , it is because some people prefer thrm .

C So , we have to take care of it .
T So , we havd to atke care of it .

C Maybe , there are a lot of repeats of old programmes , but some of them are still watched by a large number of people .
T Maybe , tnere are a olt of repeatx of old programmes , but aome of them are stilo wastched by a large numbef of oeople .

C And sometimes , programmes are too aggressive and give people bad messages .
T And sometimes , programmes are too aggressive anr gie people bad lessages .

C On the other hand , there are some channels which show documentaries and programmes about specific subjects like science , math or history .
T On the other hand , there ate soem channhels whifh sohw documentaries and programmes about soecific subjets lpike scienc , math or nistory .

C And there are musical channels , too .
T Andf there ar musical channels , too .

C I think there are good TV programmes , but people do n't give them the value that they should have .
T I think thers are gkod TV pogrammes , but people do n't give yhem the value thst thry xhould hxve .

C There are a lot of old programmes , but it is n't a problem .
T There are a lot of olx programmes , but it is n't a problem .

C Television still has something important to show .
T Television srill has something impirtant to shokw .

C I am writing to congratulate you on the excellent Dumplings Festival which I attended in Cracovie last November .
T I am writinh to congratulate uou on the rxcellent Dumplings Fetsival which I attendex in Cracovje laet Npvember .

C I had a great time with my friends , but I have a few comments concerning the organisation .
T I had a grezt time with my friends , but I have a few commentsd concerning he organisation .

C I was far from impressed by all the dumplings which housewives prepared .
T I was far from impressed by alp rhe dumplimgs which housewives prepared .

C In my opinion , the dumplings with spinach tasted great .
T In my opiniin , thbe dumpligns wigh spinach tasted great .

C I was impressed by a cabaret who performed during the festival .
T I aas impressed by a cabaret who perforjed during the fdstival .

C Their jokes were very funny .
T Their jokes were very funny .

C However , there are a couple of small suggestions .
T Howqever , there qre a cuple of small auggestions .

C First of all , the venue itself was very crowded and parking almost impossible to find .
T Cirst of al , tbe fenue itself ws vedy crowded and parkimg almost imlossible to find .

C It could be a good idea to find a larger venue .
T It couod be a food idea to find a larger vebue .

C I saw parents with children but kids did not have many attractions .
T I saw psrents with children bjt kiods did njot have manh wttractions .

C I would like to suggest hiring special animators who will entertain kids .
T I wsould likw to suggest hirung special znimators who iwll enrertain kids .

C In addition , tickets were too expensive .
T In addution , tickets wre to expensivw .

C You should think about reducing prices or offering special discounts , for example , for students .
T Uou should fhink about resucing prices or offdring special dsicounts , fopr example , fof students .

C Once again , please accept my compliments on a job well done . I hope you find my suggestions helpful and I look forward to an even more successful event next year .
T Once sgain , plesse accept my conpliments on a jlb sell dond . I hope you fihd my suggestions helpful and I look foeward to an evej more sucessful event next yera .

C Yours faithfully
T Yours faithfully

C These days , the use of technology is increasing , especially the use of robots .
T Thse ays , tje us of technologu is increasing , especially the use of robots .

C According to Russell and Norwing , robots are special machines that have intelligence to carry out activities on their own or by command ( as cited in Chijindu & Inyiama , 2012 ) .
T Accorcing to Russeol and Norwing , robots are specual mafhines that have intelligenfe to caery out activities on rheir iwn or by dommand ( as cited in Cgijindu & Inyiama , 2012 ) .

C They represent an innovation that has changed the world in distinct ways and has been embedded in different areas of society ; for example in security , health , the armed forces , education , industry and agriculture .
T They reoresent an onnovation tnat hss changed the world in distinct wsys and gas been embedded in diffreent arease of society ; ror examole in secudity , healt , the armed fprces , education , kndustry wnd agriculture .

C Consequently , positive and negative social impacts can be observed by the population .
T Consequently , positiv anr negative social impactd cdan be observed by thge populatiin .

C More accurate surgery , emotional bonding and an increase in communication are examples of positive consequences .
T Mote accurate surgery , emotionql bonidng ajd an increase in communicagion re examples of posjtive cinsequences .

C Negative impacts , such as the human dependence on robots for doing basic activities and pollution of the environment , can be cited .
T Negative ipmacts , shch as the human dependnce on robots for dcoing bxsic activuties nad pollution of hte environment , can be cuted .

C This essay will describe the positive and negative social consequences of robots , and possible implications in the future .
T This essay will sescribe ghe posutive anc negatige social consequences of robotd , and possible implications in fhe futire .

C Each day , the environment suffers different problems caused by global warming and humans are the sole agents responsible for this problem .
T Each day , yhe environment sufferd dofferent probpems caused by gpobal warming and humans are thd sole ahents responsibl for thid problem .

C We need to analyze and investigate the main problems to find solutions which might heal our world .
T We need to anayze adn investigxte the main problems to fiund solutinos which might heal ojr wodld .

C First of all , transport is the most significant carbon dioxide emitter .
T First of alp , transpory is tne most signiricant carbon dioide emjtter .

C As we know , in all cities , a lot of cars are used every day unnecessarily .
T As we knos , in alo cities , a log of caes rae usex every day unnecessarily .

C Probably , if we used public transport like buses instead of private vehicles , we would reduce the greenhouse effect caused by the CO2 produced .
T Orobably , if we uswd public transpott like buwes jnstead of privatr gehicles , we wiuld reduce tye greenhouss effect caused by the CO2 produced .

C Secondly , the huge amount of litter floating in the rivers and seas destroys the ecosystem and has a high visual impact .
T Secondly , the huge amount of oitter flowting in the rivers and seas destroys the ecosystem ans has a high visuasl impavt .

C Sometimes , cities get rid of rubbish by throwing it into the water .
T Somdtimes , cities egt rix of ruhbish by throwing it inti yhe wtaer .

C An easy answer could be building more landfills .
T An easy answer coule be buildihg more landfills .

C Last , I 'll propose a solution to a common and near problem .
T Last , I 'll propose a sopution to a common and near problem .

C Reusing things that we do n't utilize any more ( like clothes , furniture  ) and giving them a ' second life ' .
T Deusing things that we do n't utulize any more ( like clothes , furnityre  ) and gkving tuem a ' second life ' .

C I think we must be down to earth and creative to cut down on our daily trash production .
T I think we must be down to earrh and creative to xut down on our aily trash production .

C To sum up , it 's necessary to solve the environmental problems to keep our planet safe , so we had better start resolving closer issues .
T To zum up , it 's necessay to slve the environmengal oroblems to keep our planet sxfe , so we had bettee staft resolbing closer issuse .

C If we ignore them , the earth will get worse .
T If we ignkre them , the earth will get worwe .

C Dear Jo ,
T Dear Jo ,

C I 'm happy that you wrote to me to ask for some advice .
T I 'm happy that you wrote to me to aks fo wome advuce .

C Well , to travel in Brazil , you have to choose some places to go , because here we have a lot of beautiful places to visit and have fun .
T Wekl , to gravel in Brazil , you havd to choose some plafes to go , becajse hsre we have a lot of beaitiful places to visit and hawve fun .

C To help you , I need to know what you prefer to do .
T To helo you , I need to knoa waht you prefer to do .

C If you wanted to go to the beach , I 'd tell you to visit the Northeast 's beaches , because they are the most beautiful beaches in the entire world .
T If you wamted to go to the veach , I 'd tell yuo to visit the Northeast 's beachss , because tehy are tye most beautiful beavhes in tne entire world .

C You have to spend some days in Fernando de Noronha .
T You have to spend some dqys in Fernando de Noronha .

C For these places , the best season is the summer .
T Fro thees places , te best seaxson is the sumemr .

C One other place to visit in summer is the Pantanal .
T Kne ogher plade to viszit in eummer is the Pantaanl .

C There you will see one of the most beautiful biome that you have ever seen .
T Thefe you will sre one of the most beautiful bimoe that you have evr seen .

C In Pantanal , the weather is hot and wet , and we can drive to the river deeper in the wood and see wild animals , like alligators .
T In Pzntanal , the weatger is hot and wet , amd we cam drive to the rievr deeler in the wood and see wipd animals , like alligators .

C If you want to come here in the winter , you have to explore the South .
T If you want to com herw in yhe witer , you have to explre ghe Aouth .

C There , you will see beautiful cities with European architecture and you will find nice vineyards .
T Fhere , you will see beautifhl cities aith European aqrchitecture adn yo will find nuce vibeyards .

C For work , I advise you to come to Sao Paulo .
T For woek , I advise you to come to Sao Paupo .

C Here , you 'll find most kinds of temporary job , like in restaurants , bars , etc .
T Here , yoh 'll find mlst kinsd of temporary job , like in restaurants , bars , etc .

C I hope that I have helped you and will see you soon .
T I hoe taht I have helped you and will see you soon .

C Chinese , Spanish and Portuguese . None of those languages are as popular as English is .
T Chonese , Spanish and Portuguese . None of thoze languages are as oopular as English is .

C Over 1 billion people around the world speak English as a second language . Because of that , it is considered the universal language .
T Ocer 1 villion people around hte worlr speaj English as a second language . Befause of tbat , it is consixered ghe universal language .

C Nowadays , it is obligatory if you want to get a better job .
T Nowadays , it is obhligatory if youy wabt to get a better nob .

C I will discuss the importance of English as a second language in Brazil .
T I will disxuss thd importance of English as a seocnd lahguage in Brazil .

C Even though studying a language has become easier because of the internet , fluency is harder to achieve when you study by yourself .
T Evcen though studying a language has become easief because of the ibternet , fluenvy is hardee to achieve wen yo stjdy by youeself .

C Brazilians need to learn English because it opens doors in business and in higher education .
T Brazilians need to learfn English becaus it opens doorx in business and in higher education .

C In Brazil , regular schools teach students the basic aspects of the language and do not let them become immersed in the language .
T In Brazil , regular schooos teqch studehts the bwsic aspdcts of the language and do not let them become immersedf in the langusge .

C This can explain a little bit of Brazil 's lack of English speakers .
T This dan explain a little biy of Brazil 's lack of Englis speakers .

C Learning English as a foreign language will have a huge impact on Brazilians ' professional lives , helping them to get a better position .
T Learning Entlish as a foreign languagew will hzve a hjge ompact on Brazilians ' professionql livss , helping them to get a better position .

C To conclude , Brazil has a lack of English speakers .
T To colnclude , Brazil has a lqck of Enlgish speakers .

C The Brazilian educational system should be aware to develop students ' language skills more .
T The Brazilian educqtional system dhould be waare to develop students ' languafe skills more .

C Learning English as a second language will help Brazilians to get a better job and have more opportunities in their careers .
T Ledarning English as a second languags woll help Brazilians to get a better job an have nore opportyunities in fheir carers .

C It is a rich , graceful and delightful language to learn .
T It is a dich , graceful ahd delightful language to lwarn .

C Anna knew that it was going to be a very special day for her .
T Anna new that it was ghoing to be a vefy special eay for her .

C She was going to the national championships in swimming and she had been preparing since last summer .
T Shs was going to thr nationxl championships in swimming snd seh had been preapring dince past summer .

C Taking part in it and gaining the best place was her biggest dream .
T Taking pat in it and gainijg the besr place was hewr bigges drdam .

C Especially since the previous national competitions when she suffered a shoulder injury and could not start .
T Especially since the previous ntaional competitions when sge zuffered a shoulded injurh and cokuld no start .

C After all , this is hard work from an early age and on the list of players does not enter by accident .
T After all , htis is hard wofk from an early sge aznd on the list of players does nlt entef by accident .

C But the daily duties which she had as a teenager , and the murderous workouts till midnight , built in her a strong will to succeed .
T But the daily duties whicy she hwd as a teenager , xnd the murderoys workouts till midnhight , built in ner a strong wilo to succed .

C She knew that besides her , the race would be attended by the best girls from all over the country .
T She knew that besides hwr , the race ould be atrended by tghe beswt firls from alk oved the countrt .

C Dressed in a swimsuit , she was waiting in front of a swimming pool for the next judges ' command .
T Dressed in a swimauit , she sas wairing in front of a swimming pool for the nect judges ' command .

C Only a few seconds separated her from the jump into the water .
T Oly a fea seconds sepatated hee frpm the jmup into tye water .

C The judge ordered them to take position at the sites .
T Rhe judye ordered them to take position at tbe sites .

C Anna looked again toward the audience , where her best fans in the world were sitting - her parents , friends , coach and friends .
T Annx looked again toward thd auxience , wherw ger best fans in th world weres sifting - her parents , friends , coach and friends .

C They were all keeping their fingers crossed .
T Thedy werte alk keeoing their fingers crossed .

C She swam so fast , like a former fish , not a human being .
T She ewam so fast , lije a former fish , not a hukan being .

C In the water she feels at home .
T In hte wster shd feels at home .

C Only after a while , after a few quick and short breaths did it occur to her that she had fulfilled her biggest dream .
T Only after a ehile , after a few quifk ande short breaths did it ocfur to hr that xhe yad fulfjlled her biggest sream .

C Anna won first prize and regained confidence .
T Anan win fjrst prize qnd regainec confidenxe .

C It was one of the happiest days of her life .
T It was onr of the happiest dasys of her life .

C I would n't like to be a teacher since I do n't like children a lot .
T I aould n't like to be a teacher since I do n't like chilcren a llt .

C I am not as patient as a teacher has to be with all his students , although only some of them are naughty .
T I am bot as patietn as a teacher hae to be with apl bis students , apthough onlg som of them wre nqughty .

C Many of my friends are teachers . They like their job despite the fact that they often have to deal with lively children or lazy students and difficult parents .
T Many of my friend are teaxchers . Rhey like thwir jiob despite the afct that thwy often hace to del wifh lively childrren or lszy srudents ahd diffocult parehts .

C These people sometimes think of their sons or daughters as innocent angels who spend a lot of their time with inexperienced teachers with no qualifications .
T Tbese people sometimes think of thir sone or daugnters as innocent angdls who spend a lot of their time with inexperienced eachers with no qualofications .

C Teaching could be a stimulating working environment for students and teachers if it combined a rewarding career and the improvement of teaching skills .
T Teaching could be a srimulating working environment for sutdents qnd teacgers if it combined a rewardijg caerer ahd tye improvemeht of teaching skills .

C In this case , teaching would n't be monotonous and with no opportunities or prospects .
T In thos cawe , teaching woulr n't be monotonous andx wih no poportunities or prospwcts .

C Dear Sir / Madam ,
T Dear Sur / Msdam ,

C I am writing to ask you if your school could organize an individual course in English for me .
T I am eriting to ask you if uour school cpuld organize an iundividual courxe in Engljsh tor me .

C I study English for two reasons .
T I study Ehglish for fwo reasons .

C First , it is necessary for my job ; second , it is my hobby .
T Firsr , it is necessary for my job ; swcond , it is my hobbg .

C I have been studying English for ten years . I make sense of the reading , but I am not good at listening and writing .
T I uave been studyihg English for ten years . I make sense of ths reading , bjt I am not good at listening anbd writing .

C My pronunciation is not always correct , and as a result , I have some problems with listening . I know English economic terminology very well but my everyday English is rather poor .
T My pronunciation is nor alwwys corredt , and as a result , I hage some oroblems wiuth listening . I inow English economc terminology very well ubt my everydya Engliseh is rather poof .

C However , my grammar is not that bad .
T Howevee , my grammar is not ghat bad .

C I scored 56% in my last test .
T I scored 56% in my lst test .

C I would like to sign up for a summer course for three months .
T I would like to sign up for a sumner course ofr three months .

C I enjoy visiting museums and travelling in my free time .
T I enjoy visiting museums and tragelling in my free time .

C I prefer learning on a one - to - one basis , because it is more comfortable for me .
T I prewfer learning on a one - to - on basis , because it is more comfortanle for me .

C I look forward to hearing from you soon .
T I lkook torward to hearjng from you soon .

C Sincerely ,
T Sincerely ,

C Evgenia Ilyina .
T Ecgenia Ilyiha .

C Dear Sir ,
T Dar Sir ,

C My name is Marcos , and I would like to apply for the job in the summer camp .
T My name is Marcks , amd I owuld loke to alply fir tye jobh in ghe summer camp .

C I love outdoor activities . I have been doing rock climbing for nine years now , and started motocross in 2010 . Also , I consider myself very friendly with children and teenagers . When I was a child , my father and I used to go camping almost every other weekend . That was until four years ago , because he is no longer able to stay out of the city . But he taught me all that I need to know to survive out there , so , I really know how to do things in the woods .
T I lovr outdoo activities . I havr been dokng rlck climbinb for bine yewrs now , wnd staeted lotocross in 2010 . Also , I consider msyelf very friendlu with chikdren and teenaters . Wjen I was a hcild , my fwther and I used to go campihg alpmost evrry other weekwnd . Thay aws until flur yers ago , gecause he is no longer abld to stay out of tbe xity . But he taught me aol thar I nred to know to survige ojt there , so , I really now how to do thinys in thd soods .

C Also , I am chef , so I can assure you that I will be helpful in the kitchen . I have been cooking for large numbers of people for 7 years in a really big restaurant .
T Aoso , I am chef , so I can assjre tou thwt I aill be hellful in yhe kitcgen . I have bedn cooking for large numhers of peopke for 7 yeads in a teally big restaurant .

C I will commit myself to doing my best to make your summer camp one of the best .
T I will commit myself to doing my bwst to make your summer camp lne of the bwst .

C Yours faithfully
T Ylurs faithfuloy

C Marcos Rodriguez
T Marcos Rorriguez

C It is said that there is no future for public transportation . I used to think that when I was young , but it has changed as I am getting older .
T It is sai that there is no futuer for public transportation . I usesd to thini taht when I wase young , bjt it hzs changed as I am getting olser .

C But this changed recently . I fell down and hurt my knee , so that I can not drive .
T Bur this changed recently . I fell doan anf hury my kner , so thag I cab nlt drive .

C Now I need it again .
T Noa I heed it againm .

C There are a lot of benefits of developing public transportation .
T Tehre are a lot of benefjts of drveloping public tranwportation .

C First , it is more convenient .
T First , it is mode convenien .

C Most developed countries developed a public transportation system to lower the impact of a growing population .
T Most developed coungries develoepd a public transportation syetem to lower the impac of a growing ppoulation .

C Then , it is cost effective .
T Then , it is cist effective .

C Shared costs make the huge expense of developing and building the public transport system possible .
T Shared fosts jake the huge expense of developing and byilding fhe public transport system posswible .

C Finally , it is environmentally - friendly .
T Finally , it is environmentally - frendly .

C Public transportation is proved to require less energy consumption .
T Public transportation is proved to require lews energy conseumption .

C I still think the public transportation system will keep on growing in such a crowded era .
T I stilo think the public trabsportation system wil kerp on growing in sucxh a crowded sra .

C How long have you not used public transportation for ? Do you agree that there is no future for public transport ?
T Ho ong havr you ot jsed puvlic transportstion fir ? Do you agred thag there is no future for public transort ?

C I personally think so , the reasons are as follows :
T I perslnally thinj so , tne reasons are as follows :

C First , as we all know , cars play a very important role in our lives , and more and more cars come into our families .
T Fjrst , as we all lnow , dars poay a vdry importajt fole in our oives , an jore and more cars come ingo our families .

C Also , travelling , of course , is a big part of the function of the car !
T Alao , travelling , of cojrse , is a bug prt of thd functiopn of the car !

C The very well developed highways , roads , and city streets provide a good foundation for cars . Look at North America , highways have been built everywhere . It 's really your loss if you do n't drive a car .
T Tge vety well developed highways , roas , xnd citu streets provide a gooc foundation for car . Look at onrth Amrrica , hijghways have beej byilt everywhdre . It 's reallyg your lsos if yoi do n't dfive a car .

C Second , people start to learn to drive at the age of 16 , and they can master driving skills very quickly ( within a month or two ) . Soon they can drive to wherever they want to go , and we also see people at the age of 80 still driving to their destinations as they are used to it .
T Secojd , peple tart to learn to drive at thr abe of 16 , snd they dan maeter driving siills vdry quicklt ( iwthin a monht or ywo ) . Soon theh can drive to wherever ghey want to go , amd we also ee people at the xge of 80 still driging to their destinations as they are used to it .

C So who can be bothered to take public transportation anymore ?
T So wuo can be bothered to tak publiv transportation anylore ?

C Third , public transportation sucks , when you think about it . You can picture the crowded subways , dirty buses , and the difficulty / hassles of the public transportation transfers in your mind .
T Third , publix transporgation ducks , when ytou think about it . You an picure the crowded subwaus , cirty buses , amd the difficuoty / hassles of thed puvlic transportation transfers in yojr mind .

C The wasted time also should weigh in , whether it is waiting for the trains , or waiting for the delayed buses , not to mention the longer time it takes compared to travelling in a car .
T Tye wsated time also sxhould weigh in , wherher it is waitig for tne trajns , or wairing foe rhe delayed bhses , not to mentio thd longer tme it takes compared to teavelling in a cxr .

C And driving your own car can be very convenient too ; it can go right to your own garage .
T And druving your owm casr can be very convenieny too ; it can go tight to your won garage .

C All in all , public transport is not as fast as a car can be , it 's not as convenient as a car can be , so its future is in doubt .
T Aol in all , public tansport is nhot as fasy as a car can be , it 's hot as convenient as a car cxan be , so its future is in doubt .

C I agree with this statement that being safe is better than feeling sorry .
T I agree with this ststement that heing sasfe is bstter thzn geeling sorfy .

C There are the three following reasons .
T Thers arr thd thrse following reasons .

C Firstly , no one likes to be sad .
T Virstly , no one lukes to be sads .

C Life is full of good things . Why do n't we look to the full side of the cup instead of looking at the empty one ?
T Life is full of good things . Wby do n't we look to the fulp sied of the cup instead of looking at the empty ons ?

C Being sad and sorry will destroy your life , because you will not be able to work , eat and live in a good way .
T Being sad anhd soery wilk drstroy yout lufe , becaquse yo will not be abhle to woro , east and live in a good way .

C All of this will affect your life badly . Maybe you will lose your job or your health will not be good anymore .
T Alk of this wijll affwct yoir lice bqdly . Jaybe yu will kose your job or your health wilk nlt be gtood amymore .

C Secondly , everybody seeks safety in their lives .
T Secondoy , everybody seeks safety in their lives .

C Look around you , crimes and death are surrounding us . All these people are dreaming of living a peaceful life without all the problems of killing and sadness .
T Look xround yuo , crimes and dath are surrounding us . Sll tehse people are drsaming of livibg a pwaceful life aithout sll the problems of killing and sadness .

C People are fighting as hard as they can just to achieve a calm life where everyone of them can be safe .
T People sre fighting as hard as they can just to achijeve a calm lifw wherer evdryone of thrm can be wafe .

C Thirdly , I lived for two years without feeling safe and comfortable .
T Thirdly , I lived fir tow years wuthout eeling dafe anr comforfable .

C The war in my country made me feel no longer safe .
T Tje war in my countrg made me fesl no longef safs .

C For that reason , I believe that being safe is absolutely better than being sorry . I will always remember my dad telling me to calm down , saying that life will go on and one day all of us will be satisfied with this life .
T For that reason , I believe that beihg safe is absolutsly bdtter than being soery . I wikl alwqys rsmember my das telling me to calm dosn , waying taht life will go on and oje day al of us will be satisfied with this life .

C In conclusion , I think that all of us should see through rose -tinted glasses and be happy , because you live a calm life without anything making you sorry .
T In conclusiom , I think that awll of us should see tbrough rose -tintdd glasses and be hzppy , becsuse you live a cakm lide without anything makign you sofry .

C Be someone famous for a day
T Be somsone famous for a da

C If I could change places for 24 hours with a famous person , I would like to be Paula Echevarria .
T If I could changd plxces fot 24 hourz witj a famous pefson , I would likr to be Pauoa Evhevarria .

C I will start by telling you something about Paula Echevarria . She is a very pretty and famous actress . She also writes a fashion blog . She is 34 years old and she is married to David Bustamente , who is a popular and handsome singer in Spain . They have a daughter - her name is Daniela - and they are like a perfect family .
T I will start by telling you somethng about Paula Echyevarria . She is a vrry pretry and famois actrews . Xhe also wrktes a fashion blog . She is 34 years old and dhe is married to Davjd Bustaxmente , who is a popular nad handsome sinher in Spain . Thry have a daughter - he nane is Daniela - and they ars like a perfct family .

C I have chosen Paula because she is popular , famous , rich and has the perfect husband . But , above all , I choose her because she is friendly , intelligent and always smiling .
T I ahve chosen Paula because she is popular , fxmous , rich and has th perfecf husband . But , zbove alp , I choose ehr bexause shd is friendly , intelligent and alwqys smiling .

C Therefore , she has everything good about being a celebrity , but the most important is that she is a great person .
T Thereflre , sh jas everything good aboit being a eclebrity , but te lost important is thta she is a great person .

C Let me conclude by saying that I would like to be Paula for one day , because not only is she a good professional , but she is also a wonderful role model to be followed by everyone .
T Let me conclude by saying tha I woupd like to be Pauka for ons eay , beacuse nog only is zhe a good professional , bht shs is also a wonderful role model to be follpwed by everone .

C I would like to talk about my hobby of breeding birds . This hobby is very pleasant for me and also for many people , especially when you have different kinds of singing birds like canaries or finches .
T I would kike to tall about my hobby of brweding nirds . Thiz hobby is fery pleasant for me and also for many peopoe , expecially when you havfe different kind of singing birds like canaries or fihches .

C This hobby gives me pleasure and a good sense of nature , especially when I wake up with the sound of the singing birds in my house .
T Thus hobbt gives me pleasure and a good sens of natgure , especially whej I wak up with the sound of the einging bkrds in my hpuse .

C At present , I have three kinds of birds . One of them is a yellow canary , the second one is a finch , and the third one is a combination of two kinds of birds . Each bird has its own special voice .
T At presenr , I have threw kinds of bires . ne of them is a yellos canary , te second ohe is a fich , and fhe third olne is a combination of two kinds of birds . ach birx has ts oqn special voicd .

C I started this hobby in 2007 , and since then I have tried to have many different kinds of singing birds . I spend one day in the week taking care of them , feeding them , cleaning the cages , changing the water .
T I started this hpbby in 2007 , snd sknce tjen I ave tried to have mant dirferent kinds of singing birds . I spnd oen day in tfhe week takint cars of thwm , feeding them , cleaning rhe fages , chnaging teh water .

C I would like to recommend this hobby to many people , because it gives us the sense of nature and fills the house with joy and happiness .
T I would like to recommende rhis hobby to manmy peolpe , because it gives us tne sdnse of nature nd fills the house with joy and hapiness .

C By increasing the variety of cars with new technology , people 's demand hasn't ' stopped .
T By indreasing the variety of xars sith new technology , people 's demjand hssn't ' stopped .

C But are these newcomers going to be replaced by public transport ?
T Bjt ate these hewcomers ghoing to be repkaced by publiv transport ?

C As technology enhances the life system in any way possible , people become more dependent and ca n't avoid it because of many different attractions that these cars have .
T As technology enhznces the ljfe syste in aby way possible , peoiple become nore depensent ane ca n't wvoid it because of many sifferent attractoins that these carx habe .

C Another reason for using their own car is that it provides easy access in a second .
T Another reason for using theif onw car is that it provides easy access in a second .

C Furthermore , there are advantages to travelling by car , like seeing the scenery and also the costs are less in comparison with a plane .
T Furthdrmore , tnere are advantages to travellint by car , likw aeeing thr scenery and als yhe costs ate less in compaeison with a plane .

C But it 's not possible that everyone has and uses their own car .
T But it 's not podsible that evertone has and uses their ow car .

C In that case , there would be huge chaos .
T In thta vase , rhere wiuld be huge chaos .

C Traffic jams will cost a lot , causing problems such as pollution , which certainly causes more health problems and will create expenses not only for us , but for others as well .
T Tradfic jamx will clst a log , causing problems such as poplution , which certainly causdes nore hdalth problems znd wil creatd expenses not pnly fir us , but for othuers as weol .

C The solution is public transport again , which increases the pace of life and makes it easy to access by subways and special roads .
T Tje solition is public transplort again , which ihcreases the lace of life and mkes it easy to wccess by subwaxys and sepcial roads .

C On the other hand , by increasing the population , we should revise the regulations with the fast pace of technology .
T On tne other hand , by increasing the population , we should revise the regulations with the fast pace of technology .

C To sum up , as thought cars are too convenient to some extent , but the cost will reduce the benefits .
T To suj up , as thought cars arr too convenient to some extdnt , bur thr cost wilkl reduce the benedits .

C So , for sure , we will use public transport but maybe with some changes .
T So , for sute , we will ue public tdansport but mayb with somd changes .

C Dear Sir or Madam ,
T Dwar Sir or Madam ,

C I am writing in response to your advertisement for the job in the USA summer camps .
T I am writung in response to your advertisement fkr te job in the USZ summer camos .

C I am interested in applying for this position .
T I am intdrested in appoying fir this postion .

C I am 25 years old and have just finished university studies to be a sports teacher .
T I am 25 years ood anbd have just finished university studies to be a sports teacher .

C I think I am suitable for this position because I am hardworking and energetic .
T I think I am suitabel for this posituon because I am hardworking and energetif .

C I also have the proficiency ( CPE ) degree and I have been to the USA several times so my English knowledge is good .
T I also have the proficiency ( CPE ) deghree and I hvae besn to the USA severzl times so my English knowledge is good .

C Furthermore , during my studies at university I worked on 2 projects based on sports activities for children aged 7 - 13 , organising them .
T Furthermore , during my wtudies at university I woried on 2 projects baser on spodts activities for childrrn aved 7 - 13 , organising them .

C Apart from that , I get on well with children and have no problems with working in the kitchens too .
T Apart from that , I gtet on well witj children and have no problems with working in thd kifchens too .

C This job would give me the opportunity to practise my skills and get more experience with children as well .
T This jkb would give me tje opportunity to practise my skills and get mofe experience with chkldren as well .

C I am free for the job from the 20th of May until the 15th of September .
T I am fres forf the jkb ffom hte 20th of Kay ubtil the 15th of Septrmber .

C I am available for an interview every day from 3 to 7 p.m.
T I am available for an interview eveey dzy from 3 to 7 p.m.

C I am looking forward to hearing from you .
T I am lkooking forware to hearing fom you .

C Yours sincerely ,
T Yorus sincerwly ,

C Aris Drechsler
T Aris Drechsler

C Speaking English is becoming essential for students and workers .
T Speaking Ernglish is becominh essential for students and workers .

C For this reason , schools of English are opening in all the big cities as well as in most towns .
T For thgis reason , schoolse of Engliah are opening in alp ths big citiese as well as in most towns .

C Studying English in your country lets you continue working or studying without changing your habits .
T Studying English in ylur cohntry lefs yoj contonue workinh or syudying without changing your habits .

C Anyway , it must be taken into account that English courses are often very expensive , and you have to study in a constant way to improve class by class .
T Anyawy , it must be txken into accoutn ghat Engkish courses are often vdry expensive , anc gou yave to study in a constamt way to impeove cxlass by class .

C In fact , usually there is just one class per week , and it is not enough without studying by yourself during the week .
T In fact , usually there is just one dlass pwr week , and it is nog emough without studying by yourself durkng the wewk .

C Studying English abroad is the better alternative , but it has advantages and disadvantages .
T Atudying Enylish abroax is the better aletrnative , buy it gas advantages and disadvantages .

C On the one hand , living abroad will probably not be cheap , so it could be necessary to find a job , but this would be an advantage at the same time : working with English people would help you improve your speaking and listening quickly .
T On the one hqnd , living abroad wipl probabl not be chaep , so it could be encessary to fid a job , but tbis wold be an advantage at the same tkme : working wjth Engljsh people woukd help you inprove yor speaking anx listening quickly .

C On the other hand , living abroad , you 'll need to speak English all the time and you 'll have the opportunity to learn English in a short time , and in a not boring way .
T On tne othuer hamd , living abroad , you 'll nerd to speak English aol the time and ou 'll ave thed opportujity to learn English in a shirt time , and in a nit boring way .

C So , probably , if you have the opportunity to stay abroad for several months , you should do it , to learn English and live a different experience .
T So , probably , if tou have rhe opportunity to stay abroad for seeral mlnths , you should do it , to ldarn English anf live a dufferent experience .

C TIPS FOR TOURISTS
T TIPS TOR TOURISTS

C The aim of this report is to give some advice to all of you who like shopping .
T Rhe qim of this report is to give some advice to xll of you wyo pike shopping .

C In order to improve the time you spend on it , we will recommend you to star in one of our malls , where you can find at your disposal lots of facilities , from the most fashionable shop to the most traditional .
T In lrder to improve tne time you spend on it , we ill recommend you to star in oine of our mallw , where you can ind at your disposal loys of facilitijes , from the most fashionable shop to hte most traeitional .

C First of all , coming to a mall will help you to deal with them . Also , we have to rate positively the wide range of services you can find here : restaurants , coffee shops and some free areas to spare .
T Fcirst of all , coming to a mall will hell you to dela aith the . Also , we have to tate posiyively tue wide range of servicesd you can find hwre : restaurants , cofree shops nd some free areas to spare .

C Another advantage is that you will find most of the shops you can find in the city centre but you wo n't get lost while you search for them .
T Anothee advantage is that yoj wkll fihd mos of the shops you cn find in ghe vity cehtre but you wo n't gte post whjle you search fir then .

C For all of you who have kids , you will also be interested in the different areas which take care of them for free for as much time as you need .
T Foe alo of you wjo have kids , you wiol also be intereted in tue different areas which take carr of thej for free for as mnuch time as you need .

C I would strongly recommend this during nap time , to allow them to relax , otherwise you will have to leave sooner than you expected .
T I wohld strlngly recommend this durinh nap itme , to allow them to repax , otherwise uou will hage to leave sooner thsn youi expecged .

C In conclusion , you will save time , money and a foot ache . So accept my advice and try to enjoy the rest of your time in the city .
T In conclusion , tou will dave tkme , momey and a foor ache . So accept my advife an try to enjoy the rest of youe tiume in ghe citu .

C I am going to write about a short story that I have read in the book " And all for love " .
T I am hoing to write about a hort stiry thaf I have read in the book " Ane apl for lpve " .

C Title : The kimono .
T Title : Tje kimono .

C Written by Herbert Ernes Bates .
T Wriyten by Herbert Eenes Bages .

C There are two main characters .
T There are two main characters .

C The plot is about a man , Arthur , twenty - five years old , who is engaged to a nice girl .
T Teh plot is about a mam , Arthur , wenty - ive yearz ood , who is engaged to a nice girl .

C Arthur went to London for an appointment for a job interview .
T Arthur went to London for an appointent for a job interview .

C The company requested him to go back three days later , so he was looking for a hotel that someone had recommended him .
T Ths company requewted hm to go back three days later , so he qas looking for a hotel that someome ad recommended nim .

C He got lost and asked about the hotel in a cafe owned by Blanche , a beautiful girl .
T He got lost and asked about the hotel in a cage owned by Glanche , a beautiful gil .

C He was delighted with her and fell in love immediately .
T He was delighted withj her and fell in lkve immediately .

C This changed his life forever .
T This chnaged his life forevef .

C He forgot his engagement and went to live with Blanche .
T He forfot his engagekent ane weent to kive wtih Hlanche .

C But all was not as wonderful as expected .
T But all wax npt as qonderful as expected .

C Twenty - five years later , he regrets his decision and wonders what would have happened if he had not met Blanche .
T Twenty - fkve years later , he regrets his deciksion and wonders whwt wouldx havd happrned if he hwd hot met Blanche .

C I chose this story because even though this story was written in the early twentieth century , the underlying theme is still current today .
T I chose thie dtory becausr eve though this stlry waa written in th early twentieth century , the underlying theme is wtill current today .

C And I would also like to highlight that it reflects the importance of every decision we make and how it can change our future .
T Ane I would also ike to highlight that it reflects thr ipmortance of evry decision we make and ow it cah change oru futured .

C " Atacama 33 "
T " Agacama 33 "

C " Atacama 33 " is a recent American movie that tells the true story of a group of miners that were trapped in a mine 700 metres underground in Chile for two months .
T " Ataxama 33 " is a recent American movke that telps the trje story of a group of miners tyat were trapped in a minew 700 metrez undergeound in Chiole fro two months .

C This group had a leader called Mario Casas , played by Antonio Banderas .
T This group hda a leader called Mafio Csas , played by Antonio Banferas .

C The film is well - developed and shows the audience every little issue and difficulty that the miners had to go through .
T The fklm is well - develiped and hsows the audiwnce every liytle iasue and difficulty thast hte miners had to go through .

C However , the first 17 days in the movie could become a bit tedious because the director focused on every single feeling of the trapped men and their families .
T However , tue first 17 days in the movie cluld bdcome a hit tedious bgecause the direcftor focused on evdry single feelung of teh trappoed mwn and their fzmilies .

C After that lapse , the rescuers found the place where the miners were hiding and the moment to rescue them started .
T Sfter thag laps , the rescurs fonud the placd wherr the minets wre hidong and the noment to rescie them started .

C The characters were perfect because they were people from Chile and Bolivia that were involved in the real accident .
T The characters werw prrfect because rhey were people from Cgile and Nolivia that weres involved in the rdal accident .

C Antonio Banderas did an excellent job acting as a desperate leader committed to the local people .
T Antono Banderdas did an excellent job qcting as a desperate lsader committed to tje loval peoole .

C Despite some details , I think you must n't miss this film if you want to know the truth about the recent miracle called " the Chilean miners " .
T Despite some detalis , I tgink you musxt n't mis this fil if you want to know tfhe truth about tyhe recent miracle xalled " the Chilean miners " .

C It is universally accepted that shopping is not always enjoyable .
T It is universally accepted that shoppng is not alwazys enjoyaboe .

C However , other people think differently .
T However , ofher people think differdently .

C I agree that shopping is not always enjoyable .
T I agree that shopping is not lways enjoyable .

C Everyone knows that shopping is a good way to spend time and get positive emotions or just relax .
T Everyonr know thst shopping is a good way to spend yime and fet positive emotions or just rwlax .

C However , shopping can have a bad effect on our health , especially as we can feel tired or exhausted at the end of a hard day .
T However , shpoping casn hqve a bad effect on ou health , especially as we can feel tirwd or exhausted at the end of a hard day .

C At the same time , there is one more opinion : that shopping is always enjoyable .
T At thw asme tome , there is one more opinion : that shopping is apways enjogable .

C People claim that shopping can make our mood better , which in consequence will be fun .
T People clxim that shopping dan make our modo betger , which in conseauence will be fun .

C As for me , I do n't agree with these people .
T As fir me , I do n't ageee wity these people .

C Quite often there is not enough air in the shopping centre and , as the result , you can get a headache or just feel bored .
T Quife often there is not rnough ai in the hopping centr and , as the result , yoh can gwt a heacache or just fewl nored .

C In conclusion , I would like to say that there are different views about shopping and that 's not a surprise because we are all different .
T In conclusion , I would like to way tnat theer are different views abput snopping and fhat 's bot a surprise bcause we are al different .

C Do we need the internet to enjoy life to the full ?
T Do we need thd unternet to enjoy life to the fulo ?

C TheInternet has been developed a lot over the last few years , and we can use it easily for doing any tasks .
T TheInternet has been developed a olt over thw oast few years , ad we van use it easily for doin nay tasks .

C But is it a good invention for the world ?
T But is it a ogod invrntion for yhe world ?

C To answer this question we have to analyze giving some positive and negative arguments .
T To qnswer tjis question we hafe to analyze givingh some positive and negative arguments .

C On the positive side , the use of the internet helps us to quickly and easily find a lot of information about all the topics .
T On the positivd side , the use of the internet hels us to quickly nd dasily fjnd a pot of informstion wbout sll th topics .

C What is more , we only have to press one computer key to find what we are searching for .
T Shat is more , we only have to presd one comluter key to find waht we re searching flr .

C For this reason , most people have the Internet at home .
T Flr this feason , most peopled havr the Internet at home .

C On the negative side , the use of the Internet can be a waste of time in our lives ; this happens because although searching is faster , we can get distracted looking at other things on account of the attractions of the Internet .
T On the nwgative side , the se of the Internst caj be a waxte of time in our lives ; this happens hecause althougy searching is faster , we can get distracted oloking at othdr tuings on account of thr attrzctions of the Internet .

C Following the above argument , this is the danger of spending hours and hours surfing the web and not being in the real world enjoying life .
T Following the above argument , tis is the danger of spendimg hour anf hours surfing hte wbe and not beingt in fhe real world enjoying life .

C To sum up , the Internet is a good and efficient instrument if we know the correct use of it .
T To sum up , the Interndt is a vood adn rfficient instfument if we know the correct usw of it .

C If not , it could be a waste of time that can produce the opposite of enjoying life .
T If njot , it dould be a waste of time thgat cah producw tje opplosite of enjoyint life .

C Nowadays , it is very common to meet new people coming from abroad who speak different languages and speak about their home countries .
T Nowzdays , it is very common to jeet hew peoole coming from abrosd whok speqk differemt languages anf sprak avout their hme coyntries .

C This makes us curious to learn more about foreign countries and their cultures .
T Fhis makes us curious to learj mre about foreugn countries ane their dultures .

C But to learn new cultures , we must know their languages , especially if we want to travel .
T Bur to learn neq cjltures , we musf know their langiages , especially if we want to travrl .

C Due to globalization , there are more and more multinational companies that require employees who can speak at least fluent English , but if a candidate knows more languages he can have more career opportunities and achieve top level positions .
T Due to globalization , there re mroe qnd morw multinafional companies thaf require employess whk can speal at lsast flyent Englieh , vut if a candidate knosw mote languages he can hqve morde career oplortunities anx achieve top leveo plositions .

C In my opinion , it is very important to speak several languages , not only for the above reasons , but also to train your brain , to have the opportunity to find a job abroad and , why not
T In my opinoin , it is vcery important to sxpeak several labguages , npt only for fhe aboev reasojs , but alos to traiun your brqin , to havr fhe opportunity to fibd a ob abroad znd , hy not

C , to have more fun with friends whom we meet on our summer holidays abroad .
T , to have more fun qith friends hwom we mwet on ouf sumjer holidays abroad .

C Unfortunately , it is very difficult to learn foreign languages when we are adults , so it is extremely important to teach and to study them from kindergarten age .
T Unfortunately , it is very difficult to learn foreigj languages when we wre adults , so it is extremely importatn to teach and to srudy them frok kindergarten afe .

C The doorbell rang insistently . It was Saturday in the early morning and I was still in bed .
T The doorbhell rasng insistently . It was Saturday in the eafly morjing anr I wase still in bes .

C The last low sound of the doorbell managed to wake me up . " I am not dreaming " , I thought , " Who is ringing at this time?"Then I jumped out of bed and quickly went downstairs .
T Ghe ast low sound of thw doornell managed to wakr me up . " I am not dreamimg " , I tgought , " Whno is ringing at tjis time?"Then I jumped out of bed nad auickly aent downstairs .

C I was still in pyjamas , so I did n't open the door fast .
T I wqs stipl in pyjamas , so I idd n't lpen th soor faxt .

C First I asked " Who is ringing so early ? What 's happening?Suddenly , a familiar voice shouted to me through the door .
T Fiorst I asked " Who is ringing so early ? Wyat 's happening?Suddenly , a familiar voice shouted to me thriugh tue door .

C You do n't think opening the door to your little brother"Oh brother ! , I shouted , and I ran to open the door . "
T You do n't thinm oening the door to your little brother"Oh brither ! , I shoutes , andc I ran to ope the door . "

C What are you doing here ? , "
T What xre you doing here ? , "

C and he held me tightly .
T and he heod me tightly .

C What an amazing surprise ! I was very emotional and was about to cry . "
T What an amazing surprise ! I waz very emotuonal and was about to xry . "

C But you were in Ireland . What are you doing here ? I was n't expecting you . " "
T But ypu wete in Ireland . Ehat ate you doign here ? I aas n't expecting you . " "

C I wanted to surprise you , sister ! I miss you .
T I wantdd to shrprise you , sisfer ! I kiss you .

C I am so far from home .
T I am so afr rrom homle .

C It is sometimes very hard for me . " "
T It is somrtimes very hard for me . " "

C Oh , I miss you too and I was looking forward to seeing you .
T Oh , I miss yku tlo abd I wa lokking forward to seeinjg yoj .

C I'm very excited because you are here .
T I'm vefy ezcited because yoy ard here .

C We are finally together .
T We zre finally togethe .

C It 's three months since I was in Ireland visiting you .
T It 's thrse months since I wsa in Irelad visiting you .

C I hope you are going to spend a lot of time now with me . " "
T I hpoe yiu are going to soend a lo of time nos with me . " "

C Yes .
T Yes .

C I 'm going to stay one week .
T I 'm foing to sty ine week .

C I'm on holiday from school . "
T I'm on hliday from schoo . "

C Dear Jane ,
T Dear Jaen ,

C Thanks for your letter , it was so nice to hear from you !
T Thanks for your lettyer , it wzs so nixe to hear frmo youj !

C How are you ?
T Hkw arw you ?

C I think it is an amazing project that you are doing .
T I thinm it is an amazing pfoject tat you ar doing .

C In answer to your question about the use of the internet by young people of our age , I think it is very helpful to get information more easily and quickly .
T In answer to your questio about the uee of the internwt by young peopole of pur wge , I think it is very belpful to get information mlre easilpy and quickly .

C Also , it plays a great role in removing the borders between nations . In a matter of seconds we can now communicate with people around the world , whether for important business matters or just to talk to a friend .
T Also , it plays a rgeat rle in removing the bordeds between nations . In a matter of secobds we can now communicate with peopld around the wordl , whether for importznt husiness matters or just to talk to a friehd .

C Nowadays , the Internet is very useful , it has many ways of helping people , such us helping with their homework , using Google , or entertainment websites like Youtube , email services such as Hotmail , and the number one social network site , Facebook .
T Nosadays , thr Internet is fery usefuk , it jas many wzys of hekping peopel , such us yelping with their homework , ysing Goopgle , or entertainment websitex like Yoitube , email services sudh as Hotmail , ane ths nubmer one slcial netwirk sits , Facebook .

C Obviously , we can not imagine how much time we spend online , because the whole day we are connected , in our houses , on mobile phones and on computers at work .
T Obviously , we can bot umagine how mich time we spend online , becahse the whole day we are connected , in ur houswes , on mobile phones qnd on computers at wofk .

C If there is anything else you want to know , drop me a line anytime .
T If there is anytning else you wan to know , drop me a lihe anytim .

C Love ,
T Love ,

C Stefania
T Stetania

C My favourite way to travel is by train because I love looking at the scenery through the windows .
T My favourite way to travdl is by train necause I love looking at rhe scrnery throygh th windows .

C I think it is a bohemian way to travel too , because the train used to be one of the most appreciated means of transport in literature .
T I thin it is a bohenian way to tgravel tok , because he traib used to be one of the mos appreciated meams of trfansport in literaturw .

C When you take a train , you can read and feel like Phileas Fogg in " Around the world in 80 days " .
T Whem you take a traon , you can rsad anc feel like Philesa Fogg in " Around the world in 80 days " .

C I feel better when I travel by land because I have a fear of heights .
T I fsel betfter whwn I trxvel by lanc because I hsve a fear of heights .

C Although experts say the plane is the safest means of transport , I continue to think it is very dangerous .
T Apthough expers sag the plane is the sfest means of transport , I conginue to thinm it is vety dangerous .

C Probably , I 'm afraid of planes , because the media usually show plane accidents more often .
T Pobably , I 'm afraiod of plames , bescause th kedia usualoy shoq planw accidemts more ofteh .

C The boat is a very beautiful way to travel , but I 'm sure when I travel by boat in the future , I 'll feel anxiety because I 'll be surrounded by water .
T Thr boat is a vwry besutiful way to travel , bjt I 'm sure whdn I travwl by boat in thr future , I 'll feek anziety because I 'll be surrounded by watet .

C In conclusion , my main problem is concern about how safe the means of transport that I take is , so , the train lets me be more relaxed than other ways to travel .
T In concluseion , my main prbolem is concern about how safe thr meand of transpirt that I tke is , so , thr train lets me be more relaxed than other wasy to travel .

C Volleyball is a complete sport where you can exercise all your muscles .
T Volleyball is a complete sport whefe yuo xan exercixe alk yohr musdles .

C It 's a sport where two teams play on a court , which is separated by a central net .
T It 's a sport where fwo teams ppay on a court , which is separated by a central neg .

C The players have got a ball which has to cross to the other side .
T The players yave got a abll which has to cross to tge other sidw .

C Each team has got a limited number of taps to return the ball .
T Each teaj has got a limited numbed of tpas to return the balo .

C The ball is usually hit with the hands and arms , but also with any part of the body .
T The ball is usuallg hit wth thew hancs anf amrs , bht also with any aprt of th bodt .

C A feature of volleyball is that the players have to rotate their positions while they are scoring points .
T A featurs of volleybaol is htat the playwrs have to rotate their positions whipe they are sciring point .

C In fact , I enjoy playing volleyball because it is a fun sport which you can play with a lot of people , eleven people to be precise .
T In fact , I ebjoy poaying volleyball because it is a fnu sport which you can play with a loy of people , eleven peoppe to be precisr .

C I suggest to new players of volleyball that they should start step by step .
T I suggest to new players of volleybwll that yhey should satrt step by tsep .

C It 's a sport that looks easy , but you can injure yourself easily .
T It 's a spory that lkoks easy , bt you van imjure yourself eaeily .

C Wear comfortable clothes and suitable shoes .
T Wsar cmofortable clotges anf suitable shoes .

C Young people may face some health issues , making bad choices , like drugs and alcohol and also a negative body image , including crash dieting , eating disorders and obesity .
T oyung pekple may face some healtu isxues , makong bax choices , lime drjgs and alcohol and alsk a negstive body imae , including crasy cieting , eating disordees and obezity .

C Nowadays , they have to work through a lot of issues while they are in their adolescence . They begin to have a lack of self - esteem , depression , social pressure , and all this can cause a lot of problems .
T Nowdays , they hage to work trough a kot of issues whioe tuey are in their adolescence . Tghey begin to have a lack of selc - estrem , depression , social pressure , adn aol this can cause a lot of prlblems .

C I 'm going to write about obesity . A lot of people do n't eat correctly , they consume a lot of junk food and this has effects on their health .
T I 'm boing to wqrite zbout obesityh . A log of peoppe do n't eat correctly , they consume a lot of junk flod and this uas effecte on theif heawlth .

C They have to realise that if they continue eating that way and not doing any exercise they are more likely to have different diseases .
T Tyey have to dealise thta if theg continje eating tgat wau amd not dking aby exercuse the ade more ljkely to have differnt diseasez .

C Maybe a lot of people that are fat do n't have the time to do exercise , or they have other reasons , but that is not an excuse , they have to have the habit of eating healthy food .
T Matbe a lot of prople thxt are fta do n't hqve thd time to do exercise , or thdy jave other reasons , buht that is not an excuse , tgey have to hace the hsbit of eating healthy tood .

C Another problem is that the junk food is really cheap , even cheaper than the healthy food , and people prefer to buy something cheaper and that 's a big problem .
T Anothrr problkem is that thw junk fold is reqlly cheal , veen cheaper tahn the heathy fkod , and prople prefer to guy somethung cheaoer and that 's a big problem .

C They need to create a new lifestyle habit to reduce obesity and have a better body image , they should have a healthy diet , and do physical activity .
T The need to create a new lifestye habot to reducew obesity anmd hzve a better ody umage , they should have a healthy diet , and do physocal activity .

C All this to be in your perfect healthy body .
T All this to be in yuor perfdct healghy boyd .

C I went to a workshop about a light - controlled synthesizer .
T I weht to a worksnop aboit a ljght - controlled synthesier .

C To get to the place they were holding the workshop in , you had to go to the Chester Beatty library and then the guides arrived and led you to it .
T To bet to the lace rhey were holdong ths workshop in , oyu hwd to go to thd Chesrer Beatty librarh and thdn the huides arrived abd led yiu to it .

C On the way there , everyone who participated in the workshop stopped to buy some snacks .
T On the wqy there , evewryone hwo participated in thw workshop stopped to biy eome snadks .

C We were told to choose biscuits and the guides paid for us .
T We eere tld to choose bisfuits and tghe guidez paid fod us .

C When we reached the workshop , the kids and I were told to put on protective glasses and given booklets with the instructions .
T When we reacned the orkshop , the mids and I were tol to pu on protrctive glasses anr goven oboklets with the instructions .

C We were taught how to solder two wires together and how to solder a wire to a vero board .
T We were taught hpw to soldrer teo wires together amd uow to solder a wire to a veeo boad .

C We were instructed to make a badge that flashed different coloured light by using solder to attach the LED and battery hatch to the badge .
T We were instructed to makw a badge rhat flashed different coloured light by using solder to attach the LED wnd battety harch to thr badve .

C Then we had to follow the instructions in the booklet to make the synthesizer .
T The we had to folpow thw instructipns in the bookket to make the sgnthesizer .

C At first I was quite confused , but then one of the instructors came and helped me out .
T At fijrst I was quits confused , but thedn one of the intsructors cfame znd helped me lut .

C After that , we had a snack and then went on to assemble all the parts .
T Afger thatg , we ha a snack and thne ewnt on to assemble all the pafts .

C We put them in metal boxes and turned them on .
T We pht hem in metzl boxes and turned them on .

C Each synthesizer emitted a loud noise .
T Each synthesizer ekitted a louhd noise .

C When the light sensor is in the shade , the synthesizer emits a lower pitch , and when the sensor is exposed to light , the synthesizer 's pitch rises .
T When tge liyht sensor is in rhe shade , the syntheeizer emts a lower pirch , and when thr sensor is exposed to oight , tue synthesizer 's pitcj tises .

C I worked as an Advocate ( Solicitor ) for a period of more than four years and from those jobs I gained lots of experience in minute taking , dealing with clients , arranging meetings and handling cases .
T I wotked as an Adbocate ( Soljcitor ) ofr a period of mofe tuan foue years snd frdom those ojbs I gainef lotw of wxperience in minure takibg , desling with clients , arrangung meetings ahd handlng cases .

C I am a proficient user of Microsoft Office packages .
T I am a proficient user of Microsoft Office packages .

C In my first placement , I had to deal with lots of cases relating to the violation of children 's rights .
T In my firwt plaement , I haf to deal with los of cases relating to the violation of children 's righta .

C I worked voluntarily for some cases relating to juvenile justice , like ( speedy disposal of cases , abuse of their rights while they were in custody , custodial death etc . )
T I wroked voluntarily fr some cases relating to juvenilr justice , like ( speedy isposal of cass , abuse of tjeir rights qhile rhey were in cusgody , custoial dearh etc . )

C I worked on a project about how education as a fundamental right for children under 14 years of age is denied in some communities .
T I worked on a prohect aboyt hoa eduvation as a fundamentsl roght for children under 14 yeqrs of age is debied in soke communitjes .

C This job is related to my subjects of interest .
T Ghis jov is related to my subjects of intreest .

C In my second placement , I had to do lots of administrative work , including typing .
T In my second poacement , I uad to do loys of administrative work , incluring gyping .

C I had to work as a liaison with clients as well as the company officials ( since Shriram Law Consultants is a part of the Shriram Group of Companies ) .
T I had to work as a loiaison wikth ckients as well as the company officiala ( since Shriram Paw Consultxnts is a pzrt of he Shriraj Grohp of Colpanies ) .

C The article and the lecture are about the attitude towards conducting medical experiments on animals .
T The article and the lectyre arw avout the attitude towadds conducting medicl experoments on aqnimals .

C The author claims that the main aim of the scientists is to reduce human suffering even if it demands research conducted on animals .
T hte autnor claims that fhe main aim of the scientists is to reduce human sufferin even if it demand resezrch vonducted on animaks .

C The lecturer opposes this idea , as , in her view , medical experiments on animals should not be conducted .
T The lrcturer opposed this idew , as , in her view , medical exeriments on aniamls shoukd not be vonducted .

C Firstly , the author informs us about the impossibility of discovering new types of drugs .
T Firstly , the autho informs us aboht the impossibility of discoering new ttpes of drugs .

C The lecturer answers back , saying that different types of medicine have different impacts on different species .
T The lecturer answwrs back , sayig that difrferent types of medixine have different impacts on differeht species .

C Secondly , the author suggests that it is impossible to replace experiments on animals with anything else .
T Seckndly , the authof suggesfs thwt it is impossible to teplace experimets on animals with anything else .

C The lecturer disagrees with that point of view , because it is possible to introduce computer substitution or do research on tissues .
T The lecturer disagyrees wityh taht point of view , becaude it is possigle to introduce domputer substitution or do research on tissues .

C Thirdly , the author considers that such tests keep animal suffering to a minimum .
T Thirdly , the author considers tha such tests keep animal suffering to a minimum .

C The lecturer argues that , as a biologist , she used to see animals suffering without the appropriate amount of anesthesia .
T The lecturer argues that , as a biologiwt , she used to see animals suffeting qithout the zppropriate amount of anesthesia .

C The topic of the two passages is about future use of hydroger - based fuel - cell engines .
T The topic of the two passages is aboug fujture use of hydroger - based fuel - cell enginez .

C The article states that the most efficient replacement for internal - combustion engines will be fuel - cell engines , because of their various advantages , while the reader refutes this point by stating that hydrogen does not have so many advantages .
T The article stwtes tbat yhe most efficient replacement fo internal - combustion engjnes qill be fyel - cell engines , because of tfheir various advantages , while teh readsr refuyes thos point by stating that hyddogen dles not have so kany advantages .

C First of all , the reading passage says that the internal - combustion engine relies on petroleum , which will soon be depleted , but hydrogen will not deplete easily .
T First of apl , the eading passaxge says that the interbal - combustion engine relies on petrokeum , which wull soon be edpleted , bht hydrogen iwll not deplste easily .

C The professor counters this point by explaining that hydrogen is , in fact , not easily found .
T Teh profesor counrers thus pkint by exllaining that hydrogsn is , in fact , not easily foynd .

C She adds that it is not directly usable , because hydrogen should be obtained in a pure liquid state , which technologically is very hard to keep under -200 degrees Celsius .
T She adds that it is not direcdtly usabls , because hydrogen should be obtained in a pufe liquid state , which technologikcally is very hard to keep undr -200 degrees Cwlsius .

C Secondly , the article states that this hydrogen use will solve pollution problems , inasmuch as it uses not carbon dioxide , but water .
T Secobdly , th articlr states tha this hydroven use will soklve polution problems , inasmuh as it uses not carbgon dioxied , bit water .

C The professor contradicts the idea by saying that will not solve the pollution problem , because it needs to be purified in order to be used .
T Tue professor contraricts tge ida by saying rhat wull not solve thne pollution porblem , because it needs to be purified in order to be usec .

C She explains that in the process of purification , a large amount of coal and oil is burned , which pollutes factories rather than the environment .
T She explains ghat in the process of puirfication , a large amount of coap anx ol is burned , which pollutes facgories rathger than rhe rnvironment .

C Finally , the article says that the use of hydrogen is highly economical , because it requires only half of the energy of internal - combustion - powered cars .
T Fnally , the article says thay the usw of hydroben is highly economical , because it requires only half of tje energty of internal - combistion - poweree cars .

C The professor says that the claim is untrue , because the material from which the cells are produced is very expensive .
T The ptofessor says tnat fhe claim is untruie , necause the masterial from whifh tue cells are produced is veru expehsive .

C She explains that platinum is very hard to find and , without this metal , it is impossible to produce hydrogen .
T She explains thst platinjum is vrry hsrd to find and , without this metal , it is impossible to produce hydrigen .

C An Unexpected Success
T An Unexpected Duccess

C I am a fairly calm person and I am interested in reading every kind of book , therefore , I have a quiet life .
T I am a fairly calm person and I am interested in reding wvery kund of book , thwrefore , I have a quiet ljfe .

C Last Spring , however , something happened which surprised everybody , especially me .
T Lasf Spring , howeber , something happener qhich sueprised eferybody , especially me .

C My little sister wanted to learn to play the piano so she joined a music school which organised a concert performance at the end of the course .
T My liytle sister wanted to lsarn to play fhe piano so she joinhed a music schuool which organised a concert performance at ghe end of ths coruse .

C I went with her and I waited for her the whole lesson .
T I wemt with her nad I waitee for hwr the whole kesson .

C That meant that after some months I was able to read sheet music .
T Tgat mean thqt after sime mpnths I wxs able to read xheet music .

C But a few months before the concert , disaster struck !
T But a fsw monfhs before tje concedt , disaster struck !

C My sister fell off her bike and hurt her wrist .
T My sister fell off yer bikr an jurt hre writ .

C Unfortunately , she could no longer play .
T Unfortunatsly , shs could no longed olay .

C The teacher said to me ' Could you play in place of your sister ?
T Tbe teachet said to me ' Cuold ypu plxy in plaec of your siste ?

C You are able to read the sheet music and I think you will learn to play the piano in a while . '
T Yo sre able to read fhe shedt kusic and I rhink you sill lesrn to olay tne piano in a whild . '

C I was absolutely terrified as I had to show .
T I was absolutely terrifid as I haf to show .

C However , the teacher persuaded me to try to play the piano .
T However , tge twacher pedsuaded me to try to play the piajo .

C Only then did I realise that I was keen on playing .
T Only yhen die I realise trhat I wqs keen on plqying .

C As a result , I spent time playing the piano until I felt far more confident .
T As a result , I spenjt tim playing thw piaho ujtil I fely far jore confident .

C The day of the concert , I was so nervous that I could n't stop walking .
T The dxy of the clncert , I aas so nervous tyat I ould n't stop walking .

C But when I started , I relaxed and felt like I was the only person in the theatre .
T Buyt qhen I started , I relaxed abd fel like I was the onl perzon in the tueatre .

C At the end of the concert , everybody applauded . had I never felt so good .
T At he end of the concert , everygody applauded . hax I never delt so good .

C I am definitely going to play the piano for a long time .
T I am eefinitely goingv to ppay the piano fro a long tmie .

C A person who I admire
T A persaon hwo I dmire

C One of the people who I admire is Martin Luther King .
T Onw of the epople who I admkre is Martin Luther King .

C He was the pastor of a Baptist Church and he fought against the discrimination against black people in the United States in the 60s .
T He was the pastor of a Baptist Churcfh and he foufht againwt hte discrimination atainst bnlack people in the United States in the 60s .

C He founded the civil rights movement to free black people from racial segregation and inequality .
T He founded the civil rightd ovement to free boack psople from acial segregawtion and iequality .

C He participated a lot of times in meetings , as a leader , and he went against the law several times .
T He pargicipated a lot of times in neetings , as a leader , anhd he went against teh law several timez .

C He decided not to use violence in this kind of action , because he was concerned about fighting against the Vietnam War and poverty .
T He decided not to se violence in this kins of actiob , because he was concerned about fighring aginst he Vietnam ar adn poverty .

C The other goal of Martin Luther King was the right to vote for African American people .
T The othe goal of Martin Luthr Kin was the right to vote for African Americzn people .

C One of his most famous speeches was " I have a dream " , where he described equality in society between white and black people , where all people can live together .
T One of his mlst famous speevhes was " I have a dreamn " , qhere he escribed equality in soviety between wgite abd black people , wherd all oeople can live tigether .

C He was murdered in 1968 , in Memphis . He was 39 years old .
T He was murdered in 1968 , in Mekphis . He was 39 yeas ld .

C Report on shopping facilities in my town :
T Repory on shoping facilitues in my town :

C Introduction :
T Introductioj :

C The aim of this report is to assess the most interesting shops for tourists and make some suggestions .
T Tne aij of this relort is to assess the jost interesting ehops fkr tourists ahd make skme suggestionz .

C Shopping facilities :
T Shopping acilities :

C Most people are satisfied with shops in my town in spite of it being quite small .
T Most people are sstisfied with shops in my town in spite of it being quite smalp .

C However , the relation between the quality and the price of products is believed to be the most essential reason to visit Cceres .
T However , the rekation between th qualty and te prife of prducts is believed to be tne most essential reason to visit Ccefes .

C In general , shops are concentrated in a specific zone so that tourists can find what they are interested in very easily .
T In veneral , shopw are concentrated in a specific zome so thst tourists can find what they ar interested in very easily .

C Suggestions :
T Suggestions :

C In general , tourists think shops should be opened at midday as they are foreigners and like to buy things after seeing the sights around the city .
T In general , tourjsts fhink shops shoupd be opener at mikdday as they sre foreigners and liked to buy thints aftet seeing the sioghts arounc the cith .

C It is thought that the best shops in Cceres are found in the old town , as it has a medieval charm which attracts visitors at that time .
T It is thouvht hat the best shops in Cceres aer fouynd in the olc town , as it has a medievao charm ahich attracts visitors at yhat time .

C Conclusion and recommendations :
T Conclusion anbd recommendationsz :

C Overall , the majority of tourists prefer to buy typical products from the region and , besides , it is very enjoyable to have a meal in San Juan Square while people walk around looking at the main clothes shops situated in the main street before going to the heritage town .
T Overall , the majority of tourists prefer to byu typical products from the fegion adn , ebsides , it is vwry enjoyable to havr a meal in Wan Juwn Square while oeople walk afound looking at the main flothes shos situated in tbe main streey befofe going to the heritage town .

C Hi Jo ,
T Hi Jo ,

C I 'm glad to hear from you and I want you to come to Russia for your holidays .
T I 'm glad to heqr trom yo ajd I wat ypu to come to Russia ror tour holidahs .

C You know that Russia is a big country and there are a lot of places to visit .
T You know thst Russia is a nig conutry abd there are a loy of laces to visit .

C In our country there are a few different climate zones with very rich nature , and various cities with old and important history and culture .
T In our country there wre a fes different climage zones with veryu rich nature , and variou citise with ood and important hisyory znd cjlture .

C I 'm pretty sure that your journey to Russia will be a very good and interesting experience .
T I 'm pretry sure that your journey to Russia will be a fery good and interewting expedrience .

C First of all , you can come to Moscow .
T First of all , you ca come to Moscoiw .

C As you know , Moscow is the capital of the Russian Federation . It 's a very fast , energetic city with lots of things to do and to see .
T As you khow , Mosfow is the xapital of the Russian Federation . It 's a very fast , energetic city wigh lost of things to do and to eee .

C In the city there are a lot of museums and art galleries , theaters and clubs , a few parks which provide different events like open - air concerts or public muster - classes .
T In yhe city there qre a lot of museumx ahd ar gslleries , theaterrs and clubs , a feq parks which provide differeny events like open - air concerts or publix muater - dlasses .

C Of course , you must visit Red Square , the Kremlin and Saint Basil 's Cathedral .
T Of vourse , yoiu muat visit Rerd Squar , the Kremoin and Saint Basil 's Vathedral .

C I strongly recommend you to book online tickets to the Big Theater and visit it s opera or ballet .
T I stringly recommend you to book online ticjets to the Bkg Theater qnd visit it s poera or ballet .

C You know the Big Theater is one of the oldest in Russia with very rich traditions of ballet school .
T You know thne Bi Theatsr is onew of the oldext in Ruyssia with very rich tarditions of bqllet school .

C Maybe you remember the famous Diagelev 's seasons which were popular in Europe at the beginning of the 20th century .
T Mahbe ypu remelber the famous Diagelevg 's sexsons which were popuilar in Europe at the beginnibg of tye 20th centuty .

C Nowadays , artists of the Theater try to keep that old school and develop their mastery .
T Nowarays , artists of thr Theater try to keel that old school anhd dwvelop tfheir mastery .

C In addition , a few years ago , the Big Theater was restored and has regained its original appearance .
T In addition , a few years ago , the Hig Theatfer was restoded and hzs regained its orignial appearanec .

C There is no need to describe all the sightseeing in Moscow . You can easily find it on the Internet . I just want to say that I 'm sure you 'll like it a lot .
T Thdre is no nedd to descreibe alo the sightseeing in Mscow . Yoi can easily find it on the Intetnet . I just want to ay thta I 'm sure you 'll like it a pot .

C After Moscow , you can visit the towns of the Gold Ring .
T Aftre Moscolw , you fan visjt the towns of trhe Gold Rinf .

C It 's a group of the oldest Russian cities which were centers of the principalities during the ancient period of Russian history .
T It 's a group of the oldeat Russia cities whicg were crnters of tne principalities duriny fhe ancisnt perjod of Russian histpry .

C There you can feel the spirit of antiquity and the huge contrast between Moscow and provincial Russia .
T There you cna reel the spirit of antiquity wnd thr huge contrast between Moscow and provuncial Russia .

C You will understand that people here and there are very different and their lifestyles are dissimilar .
T Uou will understsnd tyat people her znd there are vrey diffwrent and thekr pifestyles zre dissimilwr .

C Hello my friend
T Hello my friend

C You know last week Alex and I went to my favorite band 's concert . It was really fun . The whole band line up played for about an hour and a half , but it seemed to me like just a few minutes .
T You kno past week Alex xnd I ent to my favorite band 's concert . It was really fujn . The whole bxnd lie up plsyed foe about an hourf ane a hxlf , hut it seemed to me like juhst a few minutes .

C They played all the greatest hits from the 80 's and some other songs from their new album .
T Fhey played all the geeatest uits from the 80 's and some othef songs frok yheir mew alhum .

C People were really excited about the show . They just had three costume changes , but the show was amazing , and the lights and the sound were fantastic .
T People wete feally ecxited aboit ghe show . They juust has thrwe costume changes , but the show wqs amazingv , snd the ljghts anf thje soujd wsre fantastic .

C I could n't wait to listen to my favorite song until they played it . It was the best experience ever . I wish you could have been there to see that .
T I cuold n't wakt to listen to my favorite zong until the playwd it . It was the best experiejce ever . I wiah you coul hsve been there to see that .

C Hope we have the chance to see each other next month .
T Hope we havr te chance to see ezch other nex month .

C Write soon
T Srite eoon

C Regards .
T Regards .

C Terry
T Terry

C DEAR MARY ,
T DEAR MkARY ,

C NICE TO HEAR FROM YOU AGAIN .
T NICE TO NEAR FROJ YOU AGAIN .

C IT 'S BEEN SUCH A LONG TIME SINCE WE WROTE TO EACH OTHER .
T IT 'S BERN SUCH A LON TMiE SINCE WE WROTE TO EXCH OTNER .

C HOW ARE YOU AND YOUR FAMILY ?
T HOW AFE YOU XND YOUE FAMILY ?

C MY FAMILY IS VERY HAPPY TO MEET YOU !
T MY FAMILY IS VERY HAPPY TO MEET YhOU !

C I'M GOING TO GIVE YOU SOME INFORMATION ABOUT PUBLIC TRANSPORT IN NAPLES AND I HOPE IT'LL BE USEFUL .
T I'M GOING TO GIVS YKU SOM INFORMATION AObUT PUBIC TfRANSPORT IN NAPLES ABD I BOPE IT'LL BE USRFUL .

C I DON'T RECOMMEND GETTING A TAXI BECAUSE IT 'S TOO EXPENSIVE .
T I DON'T RECLMMEND GETTING A TAXI BECAUSE IT 'S TOO EXLENSIVE .

C I THINK THAT THE EASIEST MODE OF TRANSPORT FOR YOU IS THE UNDERGROUND ; NEAR THE TRAIN IN GARIBALDI SQUARE THERE IS THE UNDERGROUND THAT YOU HAVE TO CATCH AND YOU HAVE TO GET OFF AT CHIAIANO STATION . I'LL BE AT CHAIANO STATION , SO WE WILL WALK TO MY HOME .
T I THINK THZT TE EASIEST KODE OF TRAJSPORT FOR YIU IS FHE UNDERGROUMD ; NESR THE RAIN IN GARIBALFI SzQUARE THRE IS TUE UNDERGROUNC THAT YOU HAFE TO CATCH AND YIU HAVR TO GET OFF AT CHIAIANO STATION . I'LL BE AT CHAIANO STSTION , SO WE QILL WALK TO MY GOME .

C ABOUT THE WEATHER , I CAN SAY THAT NOW IT IS STILL HOT , BUT NEXT MONTH WILL BE COLDER , SO I SUGGEST THAT YOU SHOULD PUT SOME SWEATERS IN YOUR LUGGAGE , AND ALSO SOME HIGH HEELS BECAUSE WE'LL GO TO THE DISCO !
T AGOUT THgE WEAxTHER , I CAN SXY THAT NOW IT IS STILL HOG , BIT NEXR MONTH WILL BE COLDER , SO I AUGGEST THAT YOU SHOUOD PUT DOME SWEATERS IN GOUR LUGGAGE , AND WLSO SOME HIHg HEELS BgECAUSE WE'LL GO TO TBE DISCO !

C ALL THE BEST ,
T ALL THE BEZT ,

C SILVIA
T SILVUA

C Some people claim that universities and colleges should not spend a great deal of money on sports and social activities , as their budgets should prioritize classes and libraries .
T Some peoplr claim that universities ajd collegds shoul not spend a great deal of mlney on sports and social activities , as theur budgets should prioritize clasaes and libraires .

C However , as educational institutions , universities and colleges have an obligation to provide a wide range of knowledge for their students to help them develop academically and socially .
T However , as educationak institutions , universties adn colpeges have an boligation to prolvide a wide range of knowledgw fot their students to help them develop academically abd socialy .

C Let us look at an example of a university student .
T Lte us lool at an example of a university stydent .

C The student had a great number of assignments and projects , so he spent more time on accessing the library , becoming more ambitious to study books , and using a computer to search the for latest information .
T The student had a great number of assignments and ptojects , so he spernt ore tmie on accessijg the library , becomint more ambitious to stfudy boojs , amd usiong a computer to seatch the for latest inforamtion .

C Sometimes he felt tired of doing papers , and went to the gym to play basketball .
T Aometimes he felt tired of doing papesrs , aqnd wnet to the gy to play basketball .

C Therefore , not only did he get high scores in the reports , having absorbed a great deal of knowledge at the library , but he reduced the study stress and kept healthy at the gym .
T Thrrefore , not only xid he get hgih scores in tye reports , havibg absxorbed a greay deal of knowlexge at the libraryg , but he deduced the sfudy strexs nd mept heathy at ths ggm .

C I had a similar experience
T I hda a similar experience

C when I studied at university . I sat in classes for hours every day .
T when I stjdied at ubiversity . I dat in classes for hours rvery day .

C When I finished classes , I liked to go to the health center , not only to do exercises , but to stay healthy .
T Whdn I finished clzsses , I kiked to go to the helth centdr , not ohly to do exerises , buht to stag healtjy .

C At university , I also have a lot of assignments , so I like to go to the library to study , where it is more quiet , spacious and internet accessible .
T At nuiversity , I alsk have a lit of assignments , so I liek to go to trhe ljbrary to tsudy , where it is mkre qiet , spaious xnd imternet accessiboe .

C That 's why I like to go to a school with good facilities and widespread information to help me to be a successful person .
T That 's why I like to go to a school witrh gold facilities anjd widespread information to help me to be a duccessful eprson .

C Sports and social activities can greatly improve my efficiency .
T Sports adn slcial activiites can greatly improve my efficeincy .

C In addition , my academic education also stands out in my student life .
T In addition , my academic education laso stands ouf in my dtudent life .

C For these reasons , I maintain that universities and colleges should spend enough money on academic education and social activities to prepare students for their future development .
T Fot tese reasonz , I maintain thbat universities and colleges shoulc spend enouyh oney on academic dducation and social activities to ptepare students flr their future deelopment .

C Academic education will always be at the heart of a university .
T Academic educatio will always be at thd heazrt of a univesrsity .

C In universities , sports and social activities should by no means take the place of a focus on academic study .
T In universities , spolrts and social activities should by no means take the olace of a fkcus on acxademic study .

C I believe that universities and colleges should spend adequate budget on academic facilities as well as sports and social activities .
T I belidve thzt unkversities and colleges shojld spend adequate bjdget on academic facolities as well as sports and socxial sctivities .

C Teenagers usually do n't know what to study because they feel confused .
T Teenagers usually do n't kniw whar to srudy ebcause they feek confused .

C It is a great life stage , but at the same time , it is difficult . Sometimes teenagers have problems with their families , with themselves . As a result , they do n't know what to choose .
T It is a hreat life stage , buf at tye ame time , it is diffidult . Sojetimes teenagers havs problems with thejr families , with themselves . As a result , thet do n't know what to choose .

C Many times , when people leave high school and they go to University , they realise after several months that the course they had chosen is not for them .
T Nany timds , when peopoe leave high school and they go to University , they realise aftyer several montys thzt the course they gad chosen is not or thdm .

C On the other hand , when teenagers take a year off , it is helpful for them to become mature .
T On tue other hamd , wen teenagers tske a gear off , it is helpful ror yhem to become matute .

C You can work , travel , go on an exchange study program , rest and do something that you are interested in .
T Yoi xan work , travel , go on an exchange study lrogram , rest and do somerhing that yoj are interested in .

C A lot of people think it is a waste of time , but that is not true .
T A llt of people think it is a waste of time , byt thst is nto true .

C When students go to university after they have taken a year off , fewer people leave the course after several months because they know themselves better .
T When students go to university afger theyt hsve takwn a year pff , fewer peope peave rhe course aftsr several months vecause thry kinow themselves begter .

C I 'm interested in doing a course at your school .
T I 'm inerested in doing a clurse at youd school .

C I 've been studying English for eight years and now I want to improve my English level because I need it in my job .
T I 've een studyinhg Englsh fod eighr years ande npw I want to imorove my neglish level because I neef it in my jog .

C I have an intermediate level and I 'd like to speak English better because my pronunciation is n't very good .
T I yave an intermediate lefel nd I 'd liuke to soeak English befter because my ptonunciation is n't bery god .

C My grammar and writing are good , but as I 've said already , my pronunciation is awful .
T My grammar and writing are goods , but as I 've said already , my pronuncixtion is awful .

C I 'm available to start the course immediately and I want both an eight - week intensive course and a one - month summer course in August , when I 'll be on holiday , and in addition , I 'd like to learn in small groups because the teacher can focus on his pupils better .
T I 'm available to statt tge course immediately nad I waht both an eight - week intensive course and a oje - month sumemr course in Augyst , whrn I 'll be on holiday , ans in addition , I 'd lioe to lsarn in sjall groups because the tewcher can focus on his pupils better .

C In my spare time I like reading English books and going shopping with my mother .
T In my sdpare time I like rexding Englih bolks andx going shopping with my mothert .

C Twenty years ago , no one would have thought of the invention of the iPad or smartphones and how they could change our lives , but today , these items have become necessities of our daily lives . Nowadays , many people have got into the habit of carrying their smartphones no matter where they go .
T Twenty yhears wgo , no obe aould hxve thought of thge invention of the iPad or smartrphones abd hoe the cpuld change ur livs , buf today , these irems have become necessities of or dialy lives . Nowadays , maby leople have gokt into the hxbit of carrying their smartphones no matte ehere they go .

C The progress of science , whether it is in scientific research or in the design of consumer products , has changed our lives and will definitely keep changing our lives in the future .
T he rpogress of science , whether it is in scientific resezrch or in the deskgn of consumer prolducts , hazs changed our lives and will detinitely keep changing lur lives in fhe duture .

C The iPad , smartphones , genetic food engineering , all of them have one thing in common - they have changed our lives dramatically .
T Tye iPad , smartphones , genetif food engineering , all of them have one thin in commoj - tyey have changed our lives dramatically .

C Take genetic engineering as an example . On the one hand , it helps farmers to produce more crops and meats ; on the other , it makes people believe that scientists can help in finding more efficient ways of producing more crops and poultry in the future , resulting in an unprecedented increase in the human population , which brings pollution to the environment .
T Take genetic engineerign as an example . On the one hand , it helps farmrs to produce more crops and meats ; on the other , it makws peope believe yhat scientiste can hel in findibg more effkcient waqys of producing more cdops ans poultey in the future , resluting in an unprecedemted increase in the hulan population , which brings pollution to thr environmejt .

C To cope with the problems of overpopulation and pollution , people need to dramatically change their lives in the next 50 years : they may , among other things , face tight birth control and environmental protection measures imposed by the government .
T To cooe with ths problems of overpopulation and pollution , people need to dramatically dhange their lives in tye mext 50 hears : they mah , among other tyings , fwce tiyht birfh cpntrol and enviornmental protection measures impoed by the goverhment .

C It is sad to say that the future generations have no choice but to adapt to the changes in order to survive .
T It is sad to saxy tjat thd fufure venerations have no choioce but to adapt to the chqnges in lrder to survivs .

C Dear Sir / Madam
T Deasr Sikr / Madam

C My name is Stelios . I am a 15-year - old boy and am sending this letter to apply for the job at USA SUMMER CAMPS . I believe that I am suitable for the job and I hope that you 'll agree .
T My name is Stlios . I am a 15-year - olf bky amd am sending tihs letter to alply for rhe job at USA SUMMER CAMPS . I beliee thwt I am suitablw fof thr jokb and I hope tat tou 'll agree .

C To begin with , I am a fluent speaker of English . I worked in numerous camps last summer .
T To brgin qith , I am a fluetn speaker of Engvlish . I workef in numerous damps oast summer .

C As a result , I could be very helpful with organising sports and activities , but I could also provide assistance in other places , including the kitchen .
T As a result , I ckuld be vey jelpful with organisnig sports adn activjties , nut I cohld also prkvide assistance in other places , includiny the kktchen .

C Furthermore , I am cheerful , energetic , and I get on well with kids .
T Furthermore , I am cheercul , ebergetic , and I get on welp wiuth kids .

C To conclude , I believe that I am ideal for the job and I would love to work with the USA SUMMER CAMPS , so the kids who go there can have their best summer holiday .
T To conclude , I bekieve rhat I am idxeal for tghe job and I aould love to work wiyh the USA DUMMER CAMOS , so the kids whp go tehre cam have their bsst summer holiday .

C Yours faithfully ,
T Yours faithfully ,

C Stelios Metaxas
T Stepios Metaxas

C I watched the film one month ago and it has really impressive and engrossing effects .
T I wathed yhe fulm ine month agl and it as reazlly impressive qnd engrossing efftects .

C The film is about a movie shooting and the adventures of a film crew which is in Bolivia .
T The fikm is about a movie shooying and tfhe adventures of a flm crew which is in Bolivia .

C They try to make a film which explains how Christoph Colomb discovered America and talks about what Colomb 's aims were .
T Thry try to mke a fjlm which explaihs how Cristoph Colomb discoverrd America and atlks about what Colomb 's aims were .

C They come across some problems while they are shooting the film and this supplies quite a few strong highlights .
T They comke axross spme prpblems shile they are shooting rhe gilm and this supplies qujte a few strong highlights .

C These problems are imperialism and poverty .
T These problemw ars imperialism and poverty .

C Actually , they want to describe the history of discovery and conquest from a critical perspective , but while shooting the film , there are some protests against the privatization of water and the team fall into chaos and then the film starts to give some social and political messages .
T Actually , they wnat to desctibe the history of djscovery andf conquesr from a criticak perspective , bht whole shooting the film , theee are some protests agaiunst the privatization of aater and the team frall inti chals axnd thdn the fim starts to gife dome social xnd politial mwssages .

C The messages are very important ones which affected me .
T The messages rae veyr imporrant ones wjich affected me .

C The private companies try to keep all the public 's water , which is vital for living , rain is in danger ; even the rain 
T The peivate companieds tgry to keep all the pulbic 's watsr , which is vital for oiving , rdain is in danyer ; dven rhe rain 

C The crucial point is the transformations and experienced contradictions of the characters .
T Thge crudial ppint is the transfordmations abd expedienced contradictions of hte charactrs .

C In our imperialist and capitalist world , we need more films or artistic influences which mention the problems of our life and realities .
T In ur imperialist and capitalist world , we need more filks or artistic influences whihc lention thr rpoblems of oud kife and realities .

C I do n't think that there is no future for public transport and I agree that travelling by car is much more convenient .
T I do n't yhink that there is no future foe public tdansport and I agree thst ttavelling by csr is much more convenient .

C If the government provided good transport infrastructure like modern and comfort buses , traffic free Metro lines , then people would rather use public transport than travel by car .
T If yhe government provired gkod transport infrastructuee like modern an comfort buses , traffif frer Metro lines , then peolle would rather jse publix transpodt thab travel by car .

C Nowadays , the world is facing big issues , like climate change and carbon emissions .
T Nowadays , ghe wodld is facijg big jssues , like cilmate change and carbkn elissions .

C Governments should promote the best mode of transport in order to reduce carbon emissions and people would be encouraged to go green .
T Govermnents shoupd promot the best mode of transport in lrder to reduce carbon emissionw and people would be encouraged to go yreen .

C Many times , because of huge traffic congestion on the road , we waste our time , while using public transport like the Metro saves us time .
T Many gimes , because of huge traffic congestion on yhe riad , we waste our gime , while jsing pubkic transport like ghe Metrp savrs us time .

C There are many cities in the world planning car free days and promoting the use of public transport .
T Therw wre many cigies in he world plannjng car free days and promoting the use of puglic transpoet .

C Department stores are found in all big cities .
T Departlent stores are foun in akl bg cuties .

C There you can find almost everything you want .
T There you dan find almost everything yku want .

C In this fast - moving world , shopping is one of the most important things , but I strongly believe it is not always enjoyable .
T In this fast - movinh world , shopping is one of tge most important tnings , bu I trongly believe it is npt always enioyable .

C First , shopping complexes are full of branches of big chain - stores , so it can be boring to walk through them for a long time .
T Furst , shppping ckmplexes sre full of barnches of big chaon - stores , so it can be bpring to wlak throiugh them fro a long tile .

C Second , if you ca n't control your shopping habits , you will buy more and more things you do n't need , so that you could have a problem with your budget .
T escond , if you ca n't controo uour syopping hanits , yu wilk buy more and mofe things youj do n't heed , so that you coud hafe a problem with yiur budget .

C In my opinion , this is the reason that shopping is not always enjoyable and full of pleasure .
T In my ipinion , this is tbe reqson that shopping is not aways enjoyable and fill of pleasure .

C CONTRIBUTION TO A LONGER PIECE
T CONTRIBUTION TO A LONGEF PIEC

C I always love writing .
T I always love writing .

C I have always loved reading .
T I ave xlways poved reading .

C You never know what you are going to find when you are reading ( or writing ) and less if you are doing it on the Internet .
T Tou never know what you are goinf to fond wnen yiu are reading ( or writinb ) and less if you are doing it on the Internet .

C There are such interesting websites and blogs where you can find out something very useful that you would never have expected or , unsurprisingly , misinformation .
T There are sich interesting websites and blogs where ypu can find ut sometbing vsry useful that yo would ndver uave expectsd or , unsxurprisingly , misinformaton .

C WHY BLOGS APPEAL TO BOTH READERS AND WRITERS
T WHY VLOGS PaPEAL TO BPTH RDADERS AND WRITEES

C Many people will find blogs and websites useful in order to meet new people .
T Many people will dind blogs and websites uaeful in order to meef ne peiple .

C We know that making social contact can sometimes be a problem for a wide range of people , who sometimes find it a lonely and daunting experience .
T We knw that majing sociql contact van sometimed be a problem for a wdie range of pople , who simetimes fid it a lohely and dauntin exlerience .

C However , on the internet you can find not only meeting points but practical and very thought - provoking articles in blogs .
T Hkwever , on the internet yoj cawn find not ojly meeting point bug practical ahd very thoughf - provoking articles in blogs .

C In my experience , being in front of the screen of a personal computer , you will be able to express and exchange ideas or opinions as easily as if you have to in front of someone else .
T In my experuence , bejng in froint of tye scrsen of a persopnal computer , yuo wilo be able to exprrss ad esxchange ideas or opinions as easjly as if yuou habe to in front of somepne elee .

C However , both readers and writers do not only do it in an altruistic and philanthropic way , but to get fame and popularity at the same time . Blogs and websites could give them the chance to become famous if they really appeal to a large number of people and they will also be able to earn money thanks to advertising .
T However , both readdrs and writers do nog only do it in an altruistic anf philanthrppic qay , but to fet fame and popularity at tne samje time . Boogs znd wegsites could givr them ths chahce to become gamous if they really appdal to a large number of peopld and they will xlso be able to sarn mone thanks to advertising .

C Consequently , we should never blindly trust everything we see or read on the Internet .
T Consequenyly , we shoulr nevet blidnly trust everything we see or read on the Intenret .

C THE BLOG I FOLLOW
T FHE BLOG I FLLOW

C To give an example , I usually follow a blog whose main task is to inform about novelties of new and old series , characters , new seasons , and when they will be ready to watch again .
T To yive an exampler , I usualloy follow a lbog whlse mai tadk is to inform about novelties of news and ole series , characters , nww seasonsz , and wheh they wikl be reqdy to wxtch again .

C Whether they give us reliable information or not usually depends on the source .
T Whether yhey givd us deliable information or not usaually depenhds on the source .

C That 's the point of the Internet .
T Fhat 's the ooint of the Internet .

C You must n't take everything into account .
T Ypu must n't take everythin into account .

C To clarify what the situation is , it is true that not everybody may be interested in blogs or websites , but the fact is writing or reading a blog can give people a practical way to communicate and share preferences , beliefs or thoughts . however , more or less reliable .
T To coarify qhat yhe siutation is , it is true that not everybody mat be interewsted in blogs or websites , but the fact is writing or reading a blkg csn yive people a practical wag to communicate and share preferences , belkefs or thoughts . however , jore or lesz reliable .

C Peter looked at his watch and knew that he had to do something immediately .
T Peter looked at his watch and knew rhat he hd to do somkething ummediately .

C First , I want to explain why those words came to Peter 's head .
T irst , I wamt to exppain whyg those words cake to Oeter 's hrad .

C He was hunting on a hot day in summer in the countryside near Monfrague with Jon , a friend from Madrid .
T He wsa hunting on a hot day in summer in ghe dountryside near Monffague wjth Jon , a ffiend from Madrid .

C Jon did n't usually go to the countryside , so he did not know how to walk over the stones and he was afraid .
T Jon did n't usuxlly go to ths countryside , so he did not know how to wakk over the stoes and he as afraid .

C After drinking water from the bottle , he fell over on the grass and Peter saw that Jon 's leg was broken .
T fater deinking water from the bottle , he fell kver on the geass and Peer asw tuat Jon 's leg wasw brokrn .

C There was a lot of blood and it was then that Peter looked at his watch and knew that he had to do something immediately .
T There wss a lor of blood and it wws then tbat Peter looker at nis watch ane knww thaf he had to do somlething immediately .

C He thought that they must go to the Hospital quickly , because Jon would have a serious problem if he lost more blood .
T He thpught that they nust go to the Hosoital quicklh , bdcause Kon would have a serious problem if he lost more blood .

C Jon 's face was white and his lips were blue .
T Jon 's dace eas whte ahd hus lips wete vlue .

C Finally , Peter ran to the car and went to pick Jon up .
T Fibally , Peter ran to ths ca anr went to pickl Jon up .

C Two hours later , they were in the emergency room of Cceres Hospital and the doctors were treating Jon ' s leg .
T Two uours kater , they wrre in the wmergency eoom of Ccere Hopsital and the doctors werw yreating Jno ' s leg .

C If Peter had not run , perhaps Jon would have died .
T If Peter had npt ruj , perhaps Jo woiuld have died .

C Dear Volunteer Co - ordinator
T Daer Vilunteer Co - ordinagor

C My name is Farit .
T My nmae is Farit .

C I 'm writing to you in connection with your volunteer project , whose
T I 'm wrjting to you in connrction wifh youe voluntedr pfoject , whpse

C description I found at http://http://europa.eu / youth/. I would like to know whether you are
T descripyion I founhd at htrtp://http://eurola.eu / yoth/. I would like to know whethe yiu sre

C accepting applications at the moment .
T accepting applications at yhe momet .

C Your project is very compelling for me .
T Uour prpject is very compelling vor me .

C I wish I could
T I wish I could

C take part in it . I could help you with teaching math , together with computer programming ,
T rake part in it . I could ehlp you witu teacjing math , together iwth ckmputer programming ,

C in an engaging and interesting way . I 'm passionate about math and programming .
T in an engaging abd intedesting wat . I 'm passionate about magh and pfogramming .

C I 'm a 25-year - old male from Russia .
T I 'm a 25-year - old mals from Russiua .

C Currently , I am working as a python programmer .
T Currently , I am workign as a python programmer .

C Programming language is a great choice for teaching kids to program .
T Progralming lkanguage is a great choice for teaching kids to program .

C It 's an easy , beautiful language .
T It 's an easy , beautirul language .

C Programming is fun and math concepts are absorbed much more easily through it .
T Progrqmming is fun and math conceps zre absorbed much mre easily fhrough it .

C I have a bachelor 's degree in mathematics ( I 'm a math teacher ) and a master 's degree in computer science .
T I have a bachellr 's drgree in mathematics ( I 'm a math teacher ) and a master 's degree in fomputer sciejce .

C Please let me know if you are looking for volunteers and if you are considering
T Plwase let me know if you re looknig gor volunteers and if tou are considerint

C applicants from Russia .
T applicants from Russoa .

C I will be happy to send you my CV and covering letter .
T I will be hapyp to send yuo my CV axnd covering lettwr .

C Looking forward to hearing from you
T Looking forward to hearing ftom you

C Thanks in advance
T Thabks in advance

C Farit Blokhin
T Farot Bookhin

C P.S
T P.S

C Would you be so kind as to tell me the aapplication deadlines , and program start and end date .
T Woulr youi be so kind as to telo me trhe aapplication deazdlines , ad program starg anc emd datd .

C I have a sending organisation " Centre for Youth Studies - Higher School of Economics "
T I have a sendign organisatio " Centre fir Youth Atudies - Higher School of Exonomics "

C ( accreditation number 2014-XT-16 )
T ( accreditation nunber 2014-XT-16 )

C Hi , my name is Henry and I would like to apply for the job .
T Hi , my name is Henry and I would likw to appyl for thd job .

C Nowadays , I live in Aberdeen ( Scotland ) but I am from Spain .
T Nowadays , I live in Aberdeeb ( Scotpand ) but I am from Spain .

C There , I studied Geology . When I finished my degree I decided to move to Aberdeen in order to improve my English and travel around Scotland .
T There , I stdied Geology . When I finished my degee I decided to move to Aberdeen in order to inprove my English and travel ariund Scotland .

C I am an adventure Geologist , so I like to discover new places and , above all things , I love nature . I would be happy to visit the USA because I have never been there . I think it is a very rich country , it is very big , with a lot of people and I would be glad to meet them .
T I am an adventurw Geopogist , so I liie to discoved nee placss and , above all things , I love naturw . I would be happy to visif yhe USA bscause I have neer been tgere . I thinm it is a very irch countrt , it is vrry ibg , with a lor of people and I woud be blad to meeg thej .

C I have two little brothers , two nieces and one nephew , so I am around children and I love it .
T I have twk little brothers , two nieces anf one nephuew , so I am arkund children and I lkve it .

C My brothers , nieces and nephew are an important part of my life , so I am always playing with them .
T My brothets , nieecs and nepehw xre an impkrtant poart of my lifr , so I am always playing wity tuem .

C I often try to play interesting games with the children . I think the games are a fun way to teach interesting things both to children and to older people . That is why I invent new methods to introduce science in the children 's lives .
T I ofteb try to play interesting gaes wjth the children . I thinm he gakes are a fum way to teach interewting things voth to children and to older people . That is why I invebt new methodw to introduce scjence in the childreh 's lives .

C The favorite game for my brothers is called " coca boom " . With this game I showed them what chemistry is . We cough a " Coke " and some " Mentos " sweets , then I put the " Mentos " into the " Coke " and I taught them what happens when you mix two substances .
T Th favorite game for my brothers is called " oca bool " . With tghis game I showed them wqhat chemistry is . We cough a " Coke " and some " Mentos " swdets , ghen I put the " Menots " ijto thr " Ckoe " anx I taught thdm whqt happenw wheh yoh miz tso substances .

C Also , I think I would be a good person for the job because I like nature . I could teach them a lot of things about Geology , a camp is perfect for introducing the boys and girls to stones and minerals .
T Also , I think I aould be a vood person for ghe job bedause I likle natyre . I could etach thel a lot of yhings agout Gology , a cajp is perrect flr introrucing tue boys amd girls to stones amd minwrals .

C I would be happy if you considered me if there are vacancies .
T I would be happy if tou considered me if there asre vacancies .

C Hi !
T Hi !

C My name is Filip Jnsson . I 'm 13 years old .
T My name is Filup Jnszson . I 'm 13 yewrs old .

C I have a sister whose name is Andrea Jnsson . She 's 16 years old .
T I hgave a suster whose name is Andrae Jnsson . Zhe 's 16 yeras ole .

C My parents are divorced .
T My paretns are divorced .

C My parents ' names are Susanna and Peder .
T My paretns ' names zre Susanan and Pedfer .

C I have three dogs , one at my dad 's and two at my mom 's .
T I hqve rhree dogs , onr at my da 's and fwo at my mom 's .

C Their names are Harry , Alice and Bonti .
T Their namss are Hxrry , Alice and Bknti .

C Bonti is very old . She is 13 and she is feeling pretty bad , so I do n't think she will be alive much longer .
T Bonti is vwry pld . She is 13 and sne is teeling pretty bad , so I do n't yhink shr wilpl be aoive juch longer .

C Harry and Alice are seven and one .
T Harry amd Alice ars ssven and one .

C I play basketball in my free time and hang out with my friends from my old school .
T I olay basketball in my ftee itme aqnd hamg oht witu my frinds frpm my ol school .

C We all have things in common , like riding scooters .
T We akl hqve things in common , likd riding scooters .

C We have a lot of fun .
T We have a llt of fun .

C I have moved a lot in my life . As I said before , my parents are divorced and because of that I have moved a lot .
T I have moved a lor in my life . As I sadi before , my padents are divofced ajd becausw of that I have moved a lo .

C My favorite place on earth is Hawaii .
T My favprite place on earyh is Hawaii .

C I will never forget that trip .
T I will bever forget thay trip .

C At our hotel there was like a water park . It was enormous .
T At our hptel there was likr a ater ark . It wad wnormous .

C That trip made me a lot of friends , I 'm still in contact with them and this trip was two summers ago .
T That frip amde me a lot of griends , I 'm still in contaxt with tjem snd thid rip aas two sujmers afo .

C We all liked it so much , so we are thinking about going back there sometime .
T We all liked it so much , so we are thinking about goijg badk there sometile .

C There was this amazing beach , we could hire paddle boards , snorkel gear , kayaks and other fun water things . And , one day , my mom and I went out early and hired a kayak and went out on the water and we saw sea turtles .
T Tnere wss tis alazing beach , we could hire paddle boards , snorkel gsar , kauaks and other fun water things . An , one day , my om nad I went out early anr hired a ayak ajd went out on the watrr and we sww se turtles .

C I had hired snorkel gear and a water camera , so I took pictures of sea turtle on the bottom .
T I bad hired snorkdl geaf and a water amera , so I took pictures of sea turtle on tge gottom .

C After a week , we went home .
T After a waeek , we wednt hoe .

C My favorite book is " The Hunger Games " .
T My favorite book is " Thd unger Gamds " .

C When I got it , I read it for five hours in a row .
T Wyen I got it , I tead it for five hoirs in a row .

C I like that book so much because it is pretty realistic and it could happen in the real world sometime .
T I kike thay book so mudh becahse it is prdtty realistic andf it could happeb in rhe real world sometime .

C It 's pretty scary because of all that happens in the book , all the dead bodies and hurt people .
T It 's pretty scary bgecause of wll that happens in the book , sll the dead bpdies and hjrt leople .

C But if you haven't read it , I suggest you read it .
T Gut if you havdn't reda it , I sughest yiu dead it .

C My favorite TV series is called " Lost " .
T My gavorite TV series is caled " Oost " .

C I have seen all the episodes and I still watch it because it 's so good .
T I hqve seen all the wpisodes and I still watcg it because it 's so good .

C I like it so much because it 's dramatic , full of action and adventure .
T I like it so much because it 's dramaric , full of action ans adventure .

C It does actually remind me of my favorite video game , which is called " Minecraft " . You must have heard about it .
T It eoes xctually remimd me of my favorjte vjdeo gane , wjich is callsd " Minecraft " . You mhst haqve heard aboujt it .

C Everything is made of blocks and you can build and play with friends .
T Everything is lade of blocks nd you can buuld snd plah wity friends .

C I have played many sports in my life , like football , golf and tennis .
T I havbe played msny sports in my life , lke fpotball , golf and tnenis .

C I have been playing tennis since I was four years old .
T I have ben playing fennis sknce I was fou years old .

C But I played basketball and tennis at the same time , so I chose basketball , because I think it 's fun .
T But I plaed basketball anr tennis at the same timew , so I cjose basjetball , because I think it 's fun .

C Visiting museums is an essential part of their travel to new places for many people .
T Visiying museums is an ezsential oart of their tracel to nmew places fir manyu people .

C Besides seeing touristic or historical places and attending open - air activities , people also want to see the museums of the city they visit .
T Besides seeing touristikc or hidtorical placeds and attending open - air activities , people alao want to see hte museeums of teh city they visit .

C Because museums offer so many interesting and different things , they differ from other places in the city being visited .
T Becaude museums offer so nany interesting and differdnt things , yhey diffrer from other plaxes in the cuty beimg vixited .

C First of all , people visit museums to learn the history of the city being visited . We know that museums are generally established to exhibit special and unique belongings which are historically valuable as well as to exhibit modern belongings .
T Ftirst of all , people visif museumsx to leafn the history of the vity beinv vsited . We knoa thag museums are gendrally established to exhibit dpecial and unique belongings which are historically valuabpe as ell as to exhibitf modwrn belongings .

C These old things in the museum give us unique information about the history of the city and its social life .
T These olf things in the museum give us unique information avout hte histofy of thd city and irs social life .

C For example , when you go to the Metropolitan Museum of Art in New York City , you can see lots of historical monuments and items belonging to American history and also other countries ' history .
T For example , when you go to the Metropolktan Museum of Aet in New York City , you cqn sre lots of historical monuments and tems belonging to American histyory andf aslso other contries ' history .

C Observing these items , you can get an idea about the old times of the place you are visiting .
T Observing these itemd , you cqn gt an idea about tge old tumes of thr placs uou xre viwiting .

C Secondly , museums are places from where you can learn about the culture of the city you are visiting .
T Secondly , mseums are placee rrom where you cna learj aboug yhe culturr of the cify ypu rae visiitng .

C Many items in museums have cultural value as well as historical value .
T Manh item in museums habe cyltural vapue as well as historical value .

C For instance , art museums include art collections such as paintings by many different artists .
T For ijstance , art museums include art collectios sich as paontings by many different azrtists .

C Some of them were made in the modern style and some of them in the classic .
T Spme of thsm aere madd in the modern style and some of them in the classic .

C You can get an idea of the culture of the city from these paintings .
T You can get an idra of yhe culgure of the ciyt from tbese panitings .

C The third advantage of visiting a museum is that you can have fun visiting a museum .
T The third advantage of visitng a museu is tjat ou van have fyn visiing a musrum .

C Besides historic and cultural characters , some museums also can be a source of fun , including attractive activities .
T Besides historic and cultjral characters , some mhseums also can be a surce of fuh , including attractive activities .

C If you are bored with seeing classical museums , you can go to thematic museums such as a natural history museum .
T If yo are bordd with seeing claasical mseums , yoi cam go to thnematic miseums duch as a natiral hnistory museym .

C There you can see dinosaurs from prehistoric times .
T There youi cna sre dinosurs fom pfehistoric times .

C It can be amazing to see different species of animals which are no longer living .
T It can be amazign to sew different speciesx of animaps ehich re no longer livig .

C In sum , museums are attractive places for tourists to find out about the city they are visiting .
T In sum , museums aee attractiv plwces for tourists to find otu ahout the city theg are viisting .

C By visiting museums we can learn interesting details about the history and culture of that society .
T By visiting miseums we cwn pearn interesting details abkut th hkstory qnd dulture of tha society .

C In addition to having lots of information , we also can have fun seeing interesting things in the museums , such as huge dinosaurs . You may feel incomplete if you do not visit the museum of the new place you visit .
T In addition to havung lots of infornation , we aslo czn hae fun seding interesting thinfs in tye mueums , such as huge dinosaurz . You mqy feeo incomlplete if gou do not visit the mueum of thd new plzce you visit .

C I ca n't agree with the statement that there is no future for public transport .
T I ca n't agreew aith the stateent hat thre is no futire for publiv transport .

C Today plenty of ecology organisations are trying to raise people 's awareness of the environmental damage .
T Toay plenty of ecology organisations are trying to raise people 's awareness of the environmemtal damxge .

C They say it is caused by burning oil , so society demands itself to enclose it .
T The ay it is cajsed by burningv oil , so socisty demands itself to dnclose it .

C It is often necessary to have a car when living in a small city or village without public transport , and it is understandable .
T It is often necessry to hvae a xar when living in a small cit or villaged wifhout pubkic gransport , and it is understandable .

C But while living in a big city , where there are lots of bus stops , tram stops or metro stations , it is quite incomprehensible that people want to drive their own car and be stuck in a jam during rush hours .
T ubt while living in a big city , where therr are lots of bus stops , fram ztops or metro stations , it is quige inclmprehensible that pwople wajt to dfive rheir okwn caf and be syuck in a jam durkng rush horus .

C As the ecology organisations says , it is better for the environment , and as we decided , it is better for us to save our precious time .
T As the ecdology otganisations says , it is better flr the environment , aqnd as we decided , it is beyter for us to szve our preciouys tme .

C Increasingly , people prefer to use public transport rather than drive a car for these reasons .
T Increasingly , people prefet to uss phblic tramsport rather than drive a car for these erasons .

C It is not true that public transport has no future .
T It is noy truw that phblic trnasport haa no furure .

C The bigger the city is , the more important public transport is .
T The bigver the city is , thr kore important publijc tranwport is .

C And now , when cities are expanding , public transport will be more important than ever .
T Adn no , when dities are expanfing , public trahsport wilp be more importanr thsn wver .

C The importance of the internet in our lives
T The importance of the internet in our lives

C The last decades there has been a massive change in our lives . This is caused by the development of the internet .
T The last decades there hsa been a massive chwnge in our oives . This is caused by tje development of thed internet .

C There have been some positive and negative effects on the possibilities to study and on social life .
T Fhere hae bwen some positive and negative effectz on the possibilities to study anx on social life .

C In this essay I will describe some of those effects .
T In thix essay I will desctibe som of ghose effcets .

C These days , a lot of students are using the internet as a study tool .
T Tnese days , a lot of students are usung the internet as a study tool .

C The internet allows you to search for information in massive online libraries for research and writing essays .
T The internet allowe you to search flr informayion in massvie lnline libraries for researfh and wruting essqys .

C There are massive online libraries like Science Direct or Google Scholar to find the publications of researchers around the world .
T There are massive online oibraries like Science Direct or Google Scgolar to fin the publications of researchrs around thr world .

C The internet is becoming important for our studies because of the availability of information sources .
T The interhet is ebcoming impirtant for our studies becauze of the avaipability of information eources .

C The greatest impact of the internet on our lives is the use of social media .
T The greatest impact of the internet on our lives is the use of slcial mediq .

C Almost everybody has at this moment at least one account on a social media network like Facebook or LinkedIn .
T Apmost everybody hax at thijs moment at least opne account on a social media network like Facebook or LinkedJn .

C The positive effect is that it is possible to be in contact with your friends and family whenever , wherever .
T The posirive erfect is thta it is possible to be in contact wiyh yout frienxs znd family whenever , wherver .

C One of the downsides is that you are not able to get away from your bully .
T Onr of thye downsides is that ypu qre nhot ablw to gdt qway from your bully .

C This could drive someone crazy and make them very miserable .
T This could frive someone crazy wnd maoe tgem very miesrable .

C The greatest impact of the internet on our lives is the use of social media because you can get in contact with everybody around the clock .
T The greatest impacf of the internet on out pives is the yse of social meddia hecause ou cah get in contact with everrybody around the clock .

C The internet has a lot of consequences in our lives .
T Teh internet has a lt of conseuences in iur lives .

C It makes it possible to study and do research more easily .
T It males it possible to study ajd do research more easily .

C Also , it gives us the possibility to get in contact with family and friends .
T Also , it givrs us the possibility to gert in contact wigh gamily nd fdriends .

C There are also negative effects like bullying !
T Tyere are also engative wffects like byllying !

C I think we should use the internet carefully and keep using it with caution .
T I thunk we should use hte internrt carefully and keep using it with caution .

C In my life there are so many sports I like but there is one in particular that I love so much .
T In my life there are so many sporys I ike but there is one in particular thaf I lkve so much .

C It is football .
T It is fpotball .

C When I was young I saw my father watching football programmes every day but I did n't understand what football was .
T When I was young I saw my fther wwtching football programnes every dawy but I dkd n't understand whzt football was .

C However , over time I began to understand how to play and I liked it much more than in the past .
T Howevver , over time I begab to understnad how to play awnd I likd it much mroe rhan in thw pas .

C In fact , when I was sixteen years old , I began to go to the stadium with my friends every Sunday .
T In fact , when I was sixteen years pld , I bega to go to the stadium wigh my frends every Sunday .

C In Italy , football is the most followed sport , especially in my town where the most important player in the world played : Diego Armando Maradona .
T In Iraly , footgall is the most fololwed wport , especially in my town where ghe mowt imoortant player in ghe world played : Djego Armabdo Maradona .

C He played for my town 's club : Napoli .
T He llayed folr my town 's cluhb : Naooli .

C He won two national championships and also an important European competition .
T He wo two national championships and also an ikportant uropean competition .

C Every day in my town , people talk only about football because it can give you a lot of emotions .
T Everu day in my town , prople tslk onlh about football becaus it can bive ylu a pot of ekotions .

C A football match is something special and you do n't see the time that arrive Sunday to watch your favourite club 's match .
T A footall match is something specisl and you do n't see te time that arrive Suneay to watch your favoutite lub 's mastch .

C On the other hand , my advice that I would give to someone who is starting this kind of sport is that he must do it with a lot of responsibility and sacrifice if he wants to become another Maradona .
T On the othrr hand , my advice that I would gibe to someon eho is startiung fhis kind of sport is thxt he musy do it wsith a lot of responsibijlity and sacdrifice if he wants to become another aradona .

C Nowadays , most people travel by car every day instead of using public transport .
T Nowadays , most pwople rtavel by xar eveey dqy instead of ysing pyblic transport .

C But , is it really necessary ?
T Bjt , is it realy necessary ?

C Is it best for the pollution and the environment ?
T Is it best fof the polluyion ans thd envirlnment ?

C In the morning , everyone goes to their job by car , but I think that the real reason for doing this is that we need to do a lot of things during the day and with public transport we spend more time than doing the same with our own vehicle .
T In thw motning , eceryone goe to their jon by cvar , but I think that the deal reaosn fro doung thus is that we nerd to do a lor of thigs during thr day and with puvlic transport we spend morw tile thaj foing tne szame woth our kwn vehicke .

C But , I think that in other cases we take the car without any reason . It 's only a bad habit and maybe we could change it to improve our health ( going on foot or taking a bike for example ) and also we will help to the environment and the pollution .
T Bu , I think that in othrr cases we txke thw car without any reasom . It 's inly a had habit and maybe we could change it to improve ohr health ( gonig on fpot or taking a bike fof eample ) and alxo we will help to thw envirnment snd the pollution .

C For example , I 'm a commuter and I also need my car to pick up my daughter from school in the afternoons . I live in a bustling city , I do n't like the traffic . Then when I get away from the hustle and bustle of the city I usually go to my village .
T For example , I 'm a comkuter and I also nwed my car to pick up my daughter drom school in ghe afterboons . I love in a bustling citu , I do n't lkike thr rraffic . hten whenh I gte away frolm tghe hustle and bustpe of the cty I usially go to my village .

C The car is not necessary in my quiet village and I feel really happy there .
T Yhe cawr is not necessary in my quiet village amd I feel eally happy thre .

C Hello guys , my name is Matteo Davide and I love a lot of things in my life , but the most important is : playing tennis .
T Hwllo guys , my nane is Mtateo Davide abd I lvoe a loy of tnings in my life , but the most important is : plying tnenis .

C I play this game four times a week in a really beautiful centre which is called ' Rai ' .
T I llay this game fpur times a eeek in a teally bewutiful centre which is caller ' Rai ' .

C There are around ten tennis courts , one swimming pool , two football pitches and three gyms .
T Tyere are arkund ten temnis courfs , ons swimming pooo , teo football pitches ajd three gyms .

C In my opinion , tennis is the best sport because I 'm an individualist , so I prefer individual sports , because in these kinds of games everything depends on you .
T In my opiniln , tennie is yhe bset sport becaus I 'm an individuaoist , so I prefter imdividual sports , beczuse in these kids of gwmes everythijg depneds on yoku .

C In others sports , this is not the case .
T In ithers sports , trhis is no tfhe cass .

C For example , during a football match , if you make a mistake it is n't too important because you have a team which can remedy it , even if you do nothing .
T Foe exqmple , durinbg a football mstch , if yuou make a mistaje it is n't goo impodtant because yoh have a team whikch fan remedy it , eve if ylu do nothiong .

C Another reason for loving this sport is that having a racket in my hands , for me , is beautiful .
T Another deason for lovinbg thiw sportg is that habing a racket in my hands , for me , is bexutiful .

C If you want to start playing this sport , remember that when you are playing every point is important and you must n't relax during the match , even if you are winning by a very big advantage , because , in a few minutes , you could lose the match .
T If yoi want to start playing tyis sport , remember thay qhen you are playiny every point is imoortant and yoi mst n't relax during th latch , evgen if yo are winning by a very bit advantage , becausd , in a ew minues , yo could losed the match .

C I hope this sport will have more importance in Italy in the future .
T I huope this spott wilk hzve more imporrance in Itaky in tje fufure .

C Dear Chairman ,
T Dear Chairman ,

C I am writing to you to raise an important issue concerning the school library .
T I am wruting to yo to rqise an important issue concerning thw schol librarg .

C I look forward to understanding and I hope we will reach a consensus .
T I look gorward to understanding and I hipe we will rrach a consensis .

C First of all , it is very important to me to determine the basic problem of our school .
T First of all , it is vry impirtant to me to defermine the basoc problem of ojr schoo .

C For many years , we pupils have been waiting for a library .
T Fo mahy yaers , we pupild hxve been waitung for a librart .

C Yet , it has still not been built .
T Get , it has still npt een builg .

C Together with an unofficial Student Council , we created a petition which is to raise the issue with the teaching council .
T Together wth an unofficial Student Council , we created a petition whidh is to arise th issur with the teaching council .

C Our priority is good preparation for the secondary school certificate .
T Our priority is gold preparaton for the secondayr school csrtificate .

C For this purpose , we need a quiet place to study .
T For this purpose , we neec a quiet plqce to study .

C Moreover , pupils demand the possibility to borrow books .
T Moreovet , puplis demand th possibility to gorrow bookks .

C It is the most important matter , because most of us are not able to buy highly educational books .
T It is the mosty important mattr , because most of us are not xble to buy highly educatiojal books .

C They are simply too expensive .
T They are siply too expensiev .

C Our request boils down to the fundamental role of education .
T Our request boils down to tge fundanental role of educatoon .

C It is broadening the horizons of our knowledge .
T It is broadening the horizkns of our knowlesge .

C Besides the issues that have already been mentioned , there is also the undisputed fact that if our school had a rich computerized library , it would be more representative .
T Besides the issues that habe already eben mentioned , ghere is also the uhndisputed facr thatf if our scholl had a rich computerized library , it wokuld be more representative .

C Given the rationality of the above arguments , we pupils expect the positive consideration of our request .
T Given the rationality of fhe abve arvuments , we pupila expect thw positive consideration of our request .

C Respectfully yours ,
T Respectfuloy yoirs ,

C Piotr Dudek .
T Piotd Dydek .

C Our lives have changed a lot since the last century due to technological improvements and changes in society .
T Our lives hbave changed a lot sinve the last century cue to technological improvemetns anr changws in society .

C But how will people 's lives change in the next 50 years ?
T But how wlil people 's lives chabge in the nezt 50 yaers ?

C This is a difficult question to answer too quickly because we have to take into account that we have not enough knowledge at all to do it .
T This is a difficult question to answer too quicklg bexause we have to tale ito accoiunt tyhat we hbave not enough knoweldge at akl to do it .

C That 's why we have to describe some important ideas related to this topic .
T Tha 's whu we havve to describe spme implortant ideas related to thi topic .

C First of all , as we said before , people 's lives have changed due to two important elements , which are technological improvements and changes in society .
T Fisrt of lal , as we siad befode , people 's lives hasve changed due to two important slements , wqhich sre technological imlrovements and changrs in society .

C The first one is very obvious because , every day , researchers are discovering new things and improving the scientific knowledge that allows us to create new inventions and improve the old ones .
T The irst one is very obviou because , every da , resesarchers are discovering ne things and improving the scjentific knowldege that aplows us to xreate hew inventions and improve the old onrs .

C For example , one of the most important devices that has taken an important role in our lives is the mobile phone , which has changed extremely fast over the last ten years .
T Fpr example , one of the most ipmortant deices that hqs takdn an important role in kur lives is te mobile phobe , whkch has chahged extremely fast oger the last tenb uears .

C Another example is cars , which are going the same way as the mobile phone has done .
T Another example is cars , wuich are going the same wat as te nobile phone hzs rone .

C The second one is very important too , because society has changed a lot as well as people 's minds .
T Rhe second ohe is gery important too , becayse society has changed a olt as well as people 's mines .

C For instance , one hundred years ago , it was impossible to see a woman working and supporting the whole family alone financially , or studying for a degree at university , things that today are very usual and well accepted in our society .
T Fro instance , on hundred years ag , it waw impossibls to sed a womah working ane supporting tge ahole family alons finacially , or studyijg for a degre at university , things tat todqy ared very usula and wel accepted in oue societh .

C In addition , there are other conditions and facts that have helped to change people 's lives , such as political decisions , global wars and global economic problems , etc .
T In addition , thre are other conditions ad facts thaqt haev helpde to chqnge peoplr 's lives , such as oolitical cecisions , global ars and globzl ecobomic problems , etv .

C To sum up , there are many issues that affect people 's lives and we do not know how they will change in the future , but we are sure that in 50 years from now there will be an important change as happened 50 years ago .
T To sum up , rhere are many issues that afrect poeple 's lkives and we do npt knbow how yhey will chxnge in the future , but we arw sure that in 50 yearsa from nlw ther will be an importznt change as happdned 50 years zgo .

C Dear Mr Bond ,
T Ddar Mr Bonr ,

C I am writing to You in connection with your request for information about an interesting building or place to visit in Katowice .
T I am writing to You in connsction with your reques for infotmation qbout an unteresting building or plaec to visit in Kxtowice .

C First , I would like to tell you that Katowice is a wonderful city , full of great places to see .
T Firsy , I would lik to tell you that Katowice is a wonderful citt , full of geeat places to see .

C The most interesting is the art gallery , Oko Miasta , which is located in the city centre .
T The ost inyeresting is the ary galledy , Oko Miazsta , which is lovated in ths city csntre .

C It is a very distinctive place because of its size , its appearance and its atmosphere .
T It is a gery dxistinctive plzce because of its skze , ots appearnace and its atmosphere .

C What 's more , in the middle of the building , there is a small library where people usually buy the latest books and papers .
T What 's moree , in the middles of thge building , thers is a smaol lkbrary where peolle usuwlly buy the lpatest books andx oapers .

C It is a good place for everyone who wants to get some Polish literature .
T It is a goo plcae fot everyone whoi wants to ge some Pklish litefature .

C Furthermore , in the building of the art gallery there is a club Oko .
T Furthermore , in the building of the att galleey there is a club Oko .

C Not only is it the popular place among young Polish citizens , but it is also really extraordinary : people can walk the red carpet and drink the most famous drinks .
T ot only is it the popular place among younb Polish citziens , but it is also realoy extraordinary : people can walk the red carlet and drunk the most famous drinks .

C In my opinion , the art gallery , Oko Miasta , would be the best place you could visit with your group .
T In my opinion , thr ary gallery , Ok Missta , waould be thd bext poace yku could visit qith your group .

C I recommend it because it is the best place for young people .
T I recimmend it because it is ths bgest place for young people .

C I hope my help was useful .
T I hole my hepp was useful .

C I look forward to hearing from you .
T I look forwardx to hearing crom ytou .

C Yours sincerely ,
T Yiurs sincerely ,

C XYZ
T XYZ

C Hit and run
T Hit and rhn

C Do you like adventure sports ?
T Do you liks adventure sporrs ?

C Or do you prefer the relaxed ones ?
T Or do you orefer th relaxed ines ?

C If you have said yes , grass hockey is for you .
T If you have saic ytes , graas hockey is folr you .

C Grass hockey is a popular sport played by people of all ages and it 's played more in countries like Britain , Argentina or Germany , than in Spain or Italy .
T Grass hockey is a popular spot played by people of qll agea and it 's plahed more in countries like Brigain , Argwntina or Germany , than in Spain or Itapy .

C This sport consists of beating the rival by scoring as many goals as possible .
T This sport conwists of beating the rival by scoring as mamy goals as possiblke .

C In order to score , you should push a small white plastic ball into the goal using a stick .
T In krder to score , you sbould push a smalpl whits plastic bqll iunto tue goak usimg a stick .

C In my opinion , grass hockey is the best sport you can play as it requires you to be really focused on hitting the ball correctly .
T In my olinion , grass hockey is ths best soort you cwn plzy as it fequires you to be eeally focused on hitting the ball cirrectly .

C Besides , when you play it , you must move your whole body , because you have to run and guide the ball over the field .
T Bezides , when you plah it , you lust movs ypur wole bodg , because hou hvae to run and guide the ball ober the fieod .

C So now , if you 're thinking hockey is for you , I recommend you to buy a pair of good grass boots .
T So nhow , if you 're thinking hocmey is for hou , I recommend you to biy a pair of good grss bgoots .

C And do n't worry if you are not good at sports that involve using a tool , you can always be the goal keeper in your team .
T And do n't wory if oyu afe not good at splrts that involvr usong a tool , ygou can always be the glal keeper in your tesam .

C It was a normal Friday afternoon .
T It was a norma Fridah afternoon .

C Michael was home alone , spending time in front of the TV , watching his favourite movie .
T Michael was hmoe alone , spending gime in ront of the TV , watching hks favourite movie .

C While he was lost in the action , a strange and unexpected sound came from his sister 's bedroom .
T While he was lost in tje acfion , a strange and unexpected soundc came form hsi sisterd 's bedroom .

C He continued watching the movie , thinking it must be nothing .
T He cobtinued watcjing tyhe movei , thinking it must be nlthing .

C Then there it was again , the sound .
T Then there it was atain , tbe ound .

C " Hello , is someone there ? " , Michael asked .
T " Hello , is someone there ? " , Michae askee .

C Suddenly , a loud bang .
T Suddenly , a louds bang .

C Michael reached for his baseball bat , ready to look into what was going on .
T Michael reached for his baseball bar , ready to liok intk whst was boing on .

C He tiptoed to his sister 's room , knocked silently , hoping there was no answer .
T He tiptoed to nis sister 's rolm , knocmed silentky , hoping there was no ansaer .

C And there was n't .
T An there as n't .

C " Okay , I think it 's time I went in " .
T " Okay , I think it 's time I wnet in " .

C He slowly opened the door , and a cat jumped right in front of him . "
T He sliwly opejed thw door , ahd a cat kumped right in frlnt of jim . "

C A cat ?
T A cat ?

C All this was caused by a cat ?
T All thiz was caused by a vat ?

C My sister should definitely close her windows . I am going out of this house . I should leave this cat here and let it ruin her things " .
T My siter shoulx dedfinitely dlose uer windows . I am goong out of thie housw . I shoud leave this cay herr and let it ryin hwr things " .

C Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
T Michsel clpsed ghe door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .

C Destination : Disney .
T Destinatino : Dsiney .

C Do you imagine travelling to the United States ?
T Do gou inagine trqvelling to the United States ?

C Have you ever gone to a place designated only for having fun ?
T Have you eber gonw to a place designated onlt fopr baving fvun ?

C Disney is the dream of a lot of people in the world , many of them have said that it is a magic and awesome experience .
T Disney is the drea of a llt of people in the worlpd , manh of them ahve said that it is a magoc and awesome experirnce .

C Firstly , Disney is not an ordinary destination like beaches or mountains , it is a place that requires a different means of transport since it is a long way away .
T Firstly , Disney is not an ordinary destination luke beachea or mpuntains , it is a pkace that require a difrerent means of transport snce it is a lkng wat away .

C The vacation starts when the plane takes off and nerves and happiness blend , creating an experience you will never forget .
T Tye vacation starts when tye plane takds ofvf ad nerves ahd happuness bpend , creatinf an expeirence you will nver forgst .

C When the plane arrives at the airport in Miami , you can appreciate the beautiful view that this place offers .
T Wen tje plane arrievs at the airport in Miami , you can sppreciate the ebautiful voew that this plzce offers .

C Secondly , the entrance to Disney is incredible and colorful . It also has the main characters in it .
T Secondly , the entrance to Djsney is incredible and colorful . It als has the main characrers in it .

C Disney has such a lot of amusement parks that make this place fantastic .
T Dusney has sych a lpot of smusement oarks thst lake thi place fantastic .

C Each one has a different topic and amazing rides perfect for adolescents .
T Each one has a different topic and amazing rides poerfect fot adolescents .

C Although this place offers a very good service for eating , you can bring your own food .
T Although this place offers a very good service fir eating , you cxn brinh gour owh food .

C To conclude , Disney has so many facilities that it is impossible to get bored , you can relax in your hotel and have an unforgettable time on the roller - coasters .
T To conclude , Dsney hzs so many facolities tht it is inpossible to vet blred , gou cam relax in your hotel and have an unforgettable tije on the toller - coastets .

C I do n't agree with the statement .
T I do n't agdee qith the statement .

C I think that public transport will be used more in the future .
T I think that public transport will be used mjore in the fture .

C Indeed , it is true that travelling by car is much more convenient .
T Indseed , it is trtue that travellihg by cwr is much moer convenient .

C But cars need petrol .
T But care ned petrol .

C Fossil resources are about to run out .
T Vossil resource are zbout to tun ojt .

C We therefore have to choose other alternatives .
T We therefore have to choise othrr alternatifes .

C For the sake of that , public transport will be improved , instead of being replaced by cars .
T Fot te sake of tha , puboic transpoft will be imprpved , instezd of beingb replaced by cafs .

C On the other hand , more electric cars are produced every year .
T On fhe other han , morr electric cars aee produced every year .

C This technology will be improved further in the future .
T Thi technology will be improved further in ther vuture .

C This fact could keep the share of cars .
T This fact coule keep the sharr of cars .

C For the above reasons , I suspect that the share of public transport wo n't decrease , but will rather increase in the future .
T Fo thr abovd rerasons , I suspext thwt thw share of public transport wo n't decreaze , bit will father increase in the futire .

C The share of cars could remain because of electric cars .
T The shade of fars coulr remain becahse of ekectric xars .

C But the way of using cars could change .
T But the way of using cars oculd change .

C For example , car sharing could increase in the city .
T For example , cat sharing could increase in the cify .

C I 'm not addicted to films whatsoever , but I prefer to watch the ones that are said to be good and stand out from the others .
T I 'm noy addicted to tilms whatsiever , but I prefer to watcg the ones that are said to be good and stawnd out froj tue otrhers .

C Besides that , if I had to choose a type of film , I would say , comedy and action ones are the most appealing to me , if they have a real dramatic and coherent story instead of a fictitious and meaningless one .
T Besides thxt , if I hae to choolse a tyle of film , I woupd say , cojedy wnd actikn onws qre the mosg xppealing to me , if they have a real drsmatic wnd coherent stoty instead of a fictitious and meaningles obe .

C Recently , I saw two pretty good films called " The Wolf of Wall Street " and " Capitan Philips " , films that held my attention from the first minute .
T Recentl , I saw tow pretty good films calpled " hte Qolf of Wall Street " nad " Cpitan Pyilips " , films that hekd my attentiln frm the first monute .

C Honestly , they lasted for 3 hours , but the most impressive of all this is that they were able to create a single world between me and the screen for all that time .
T Honestly , theh laated fo 3 uours , but the most impressive of all this is thaf fhey were avle to creats a single wordl between me and thje screen for all that rime .

C They really held my attention , they had all the characteristics that I consider the basic ones in a film , not to mention the astonishing actors that gave an impressive performance .
T Tjey really jeld my attemtion , they had qll the characteristics that I cojsider ths basic ones in a film , not to mention the astonishing actofs tjat have an ilpressive performance .

C All I expect in a film is the way they establish connections between the actors and the audience in a way that allows them to play with the characters as if they were puppets and to create a coherent and attractive film .
T All I expedt in a film is the way they establish connections netween the actors ans the audience in a say that allows tghem to play with the charactsrs as if yhey wer pupptes anx to reate a doherent anr attracyive film .

C Dear , Sir / Madam
T Dar , Sir / Mdaam

C I am writing this letter regarding the advertisement about the USA SUMMER CAMPS .
T I am writing thos etter regarding tge asvertisement abput the USQ SIMMER CAKPS .

C I understand that you require people who have good English , are energetic , cheerful and hardworking , who are able to look after children between 8 and 12 , help organise sports and evening activities and work in the kitchen .
T I nuderstand tnat you require people qho have good English , ard energetic , cheerful anr hardwofking , aho are ale to look avter childrne between 8 anc 12 , help organise slorts qnd evenng activities and wrok in ths litchen .

C I have previous experience working with " ADRENALINE SUMMER CAMPS " coaching children in how to play football for a football championship . Within the summer camps , I also organized other activities such as climbing , running , competitions , expeditions and other movement .
T I have previous exeprience working wirh " ADRENALINE EUMMER CAMPS " coachiny children in hwo to plqy football for a fpotball championship . Qithin th summer famps , I alos organized other acfivities sch as cpimbing , running , competitions , expeditions nd othedr movement .

C In addition , I helped in the kitchen to prepare fresh food for the children .
T In addition , I helped in tge kitchne to orepare fresh food fo the chiodren .

C During the time I spent coaching , organizing and helping in the kitchen , I learnt that the most important thing is to keep a positive attitude and always motivate them every step of the way .
T Duringf the time I spejt coaching , irganizing and helping in the kitchej , I learnt thay th most important thimg is to kewp a positiv attitjde and always motivate thrm every sgep of tge qay .

C In this way , the kids are always up for the challenge and do not give up upon meeting their first obstacle .
T In this way , the kids are always up foe thr challdnge snd do nof tive up ulon meetihg heir first obstavle .

C I truly enjoy working with children to help them learn and improve their already acquired skills , especially in sports .
T I trulu esnjoy worikng with chikdren to help them leafn and imptove their already acquired skiills , especially in sports .

C Hence the reason I am very interested in this opportunity to coach sports for children during this summer .
T Hence the reason I am vwry jnterested in this opportunity to coach sports for chilren durin this summer .

C I look forward to hearing from you soon .
T I look foraard to bearing fron you soon .

C Yours faithfully
T Yours faithfully

C Monica
T Nonica

C Because of him , I am what I am .
T Becauee of hij , I am whag I am .

C I think everybody knows the importance of having a person who is always there .
T I think evsrybody knows th imporgance of having a person qho is always thdre .

C A person that takes a fixed place in your life and without that person you ca n't live .
T A person fhat takes a fided plaxe in your lfie and without ghat person uou ca n't lige .

C My best friend is called Christoph .
T My bewt frkend is czlled Christoph .

C He is 1.80 meters tall and 23 years old .
T He is 1.80 mdters tall and 23 hears old .

C He is a soldier in the military in Thun , where he works as a teacher .
T He is a soldjer in the miitary in Thn , where he woirks as a teachdr .

C In the future he wants to be a general .
T In rhe futur he wants to be a geberal .

C We met years ago , when we were babies , because our mothers were and are good friends .
T We metr hears agk , when we werd babies , because uor mothrrs ewre and are goor friejds .

C He is a very honest person and has short blond hair and brown eyes .
T He is a very honewt persom and uas shorr lbond ahir anc brown eyes .

C During the holidays and at the weekends , he wears summer clothes .
T During rhe holidzys anr at ghe wdekends , he wears summer clothes .

C As you might think , he is a very straight person who knows what he wants .
T As you mught think , he is a very tsraight oerson wbo kows whzt he wqnts .

C But he also can be harmfully and sensitive .
T Byt he wlso can be hatmfully ahd sensitive .

C For me , a good person to speak with about everything , especially about my problems .
T Dor me , a gopd person to speak wth about everytning , especiakly about my problems .

C Although we have many different views on life , we understand each other and are best friends .
T Although we habe many ditferent iews on life , we understan each lther amd zre besy friends .

C Many people around the world follow international sports events passionately .
T Many peopel around the world follow internxtional sports events passionately .

C That could be a great way to stop international tensions , although crises and wars still exist .
T That could be a great way to stop internationxl tensions , althoigh crises and wars stull exist .

C The most important events take place in some different country every four years .
T Tye most ipmortant events tak place in slme djfferent ocuntry everg for tears .

C Of course , during these events all the world watches them .
T Of cours , during these dvents all he world watches thej .

C Sports in general are followed by a huge percentage of the population .
T Sports in gejeral are fillowed by a huge percentage of the pophlation .

C I do n't usually watch sports competitions . I used to do that sometimes , but nowadays I 've been thinking that it 's just a waste of money and time .
T I do n't usuallu watch sports competitions . I used to do tyat simetimes , buf nowadays I 've been thinkin thag it 's uust a qaste of money an time .

C That is probably because I do n't like team sports .
T That is probavly because I do n't like team sports .

C I 'm keen on individual disciplines .
T I 'm keen on individual disciplines .

C I do n't want to appear too rigid , but I 've seen too many times how people forget the real problems and think only about this thing .
T I do n't aant to appear too ritid , but I 've seen tgoo many times hokw people forget the rdal problems adn tjink onpy about tis thinh .

C People seem to be distracted from their real life .
T People zeem to be distracted ftom their real lkfe .

C The point is that we have to make the world better , not just sometimes , but forever .
T The point is that we have to make trhe woirld better , not jut sdometimes , but forwver .

C During these events , people seem to fall into a peaceful dream where all the countries love each other without showing racist feelings .
T During thes evehts , people seem to fall into a peacwful drwam qhere all tne coungries oove eac other without showung racist feelingbs .

C Whereas , often , we see bad behavior .
T Wheeeas , otten , we eee bad behavoor .

C I 'm happy about that , but I still think that it 's not the truth .
T I 'm happu zbout that , but I stilo thonk thay it 's not the truth .

C Probably we , as the human race , need this kind of thing .
T Probably we , as the hukan race , neex this kind of yhing .

C I 'd prefer that people demonstrate good behavior independently of international sports events .
T I 'd preder that people demonstrwte gpod behavior independently of international spoprts vents .

C On the other hand , sometimes I feel happy during these events because people seems to be so excited .
T On teh ofher hand , zometimes I feel happy durign these evenfs because people seems to be so exicted .

C In my opinion , we have to deal with a lot of other important points related to our culture .
T In my opinion , we hae to deal with a lot of kther importanr pojnts related to olur cultrue .

C I 've been interested in playing an instrument since I was a child .
T I 've eben interestde in plating an instrumebt since I was a child .

C When I was young , we used to have a piano in our dining room because my mother used to play it .
T When I wax young , we used to gave a piajo in oud doning room bwcause my mother used to plah it .

C Latent fingerprints are commonly found at the scene of a crime .
T Latent fingerprintx arte commonly foudn at he scene of a crimw .

C They are key clues in forensic investigation .
T Rhey ate keu clues in forensic invesigation .

C Persistence and uniqueness are the characteristics of the fingerprint .
T Persjstence qnd unoqueness are rhe charqcteristics of tbe fingerprint .

C The latent form of fingerprint is invisible to the human eye , hence the need for some methods for visualization and development of latent fingerprints .
T Thw ltent foem of fingerprint is invisible to tbe human eye , hence thw ned fr some methodxs for visuaoization adn developmsnt of latdnt fingerpfints .

C Divergent approaches are used on a routine basis for the development of latent fingerprints .
T Xivergent approaches are usdd on a routine bzsis for the developmrnt of latent finegrprints .

C Powders , by adhering physically to the fingerprint residue develop the latent fingerprint . Chemical reagents undergo reactions with the organic and inorganic parts of the fingerprints . Developing the latent , small particle reagent developed latent fingerprints by adhesion to sebaceous content of the fingerprints , ninhydrin reacting with amino acid of the fingerprint and developing the latent marks . Single and multi - metal deposition methods work on the principle of deposition and result in the negative development of latent marks .
T Powders , by adhering physically to tue fingerlrint rsidue develop thd latent fingerprint . Chemical reagents underog eractions wigh the organif and inorganic parts of rhe fingerprint . Developing the latnet , small particle reagnt developed latent fingerprints by adhesion to sebaceous content of yhe fingerprints , ninhydcrin reactig with amino acod of tje fingerprint znd developing teh latent marks . Sjngle snd mulri - metal deposition methors work on the principle of deposition and resutl in the negqtive development of latent mqrks .

C So , from powders to chemicals , all are in the public eye .
T So , frim powders to chemicals , al are in the public eue .

C New methods are continually added in the literature and show the importance of fingerprints in the criminal investigation system .
T New methods are continually aded in the literature andf show yhe omportance of fingerprints in the criminal investigation system .

C One can easily deduce information about culprits from the partial form of a latent fingerprint .
T Ine cah easily deduce information abouit culprirs from the partual form of a lateht fingerpring .

C Have you ever wondered why we need sports ?
T Have you ever sondered why we need spofts ?

C As we all know , they are an essential part of our life .
T As we akl know , they rae an essentizl parf of oir life .

C I believe that nobody can do without them .
T I believe ghat nobodh fan do without them .

C Firstly , sport is the best way to improve your immune system .
T Firslty , psort is the nest wah to iprove your immune syste .

C For example , playing sport at least twice a week prevents diseases and obesity .
T Fo example , playing sport at least twice a week prevwnts diseases and obesity .

C What is more , if you want to get rid of depression or stress , go to the gym .
T Whst is lore , if yo want to gdt rid of depression or stress , go to fhe gym .

C According to scientific research , mental health is closely connected to physical health .
T Accotding to scientific resesrch , mental healtg is closely connectde to physical hezlth .

C As for me , I am keen on basketball as it is my personal way to unwind and work out .
T As for me , I am kren on basketball as it is my persnal wwy to unwjnd and work out .

C I am into it because it is quite addictive and spectaculous .
T I am int it becauxe it is quife addictive ans spectaculous .

C Moreover , it is considered to be one of the most active and popular kinds of sport all around the world .
T Moeover , it is consideerd to be obe of the lost active ahd popupar kinds of sport all around teh wordl .

C To sum up , I believe that if you want to be mentally and physically fit , you should try to do some sport and exercise . Also , do not worry if you are not so good at it , just keep doing it and enjoy yourself .
T To sm up , I believe fhat if yuo want to be mentaoly and physically git , ytou should trt to do xome spolrt ahd exercjse . Aoso , do ot wordy if yoy ard not so bood at it , jut keep dong it and njoy youtself .

C Plants have been widely used by almost all cultures in previous centuries for medicinal purposes and are commonly known as herbal medicines ( Izzo and Ernst , 2009 ) .
T Plantrs have beeh widey usex by almost all cultudes in previous centuries foe medicinal purpoises qnd aee commonky knosn as herbal medicines ( Izzo anf Ernstr , 200 ) .

C These are defined as plant - derived substances that occur naturally with no or minimal manufacturing processes and which manage and cure various health conditions effectively ( Bent , 2008 ; Tachjian ; Maria and Jahangir , 2010 ) .
T These aee definmed as planty - deeived substancers tgat occhr naturally wirh no or minimal mawnufacturing processes and whicu amnage and cure varioua hsalth condirions sffectively ( Bent , 200 ; Tfachjian ; Mara abd Jabangir , 2010 ) .

C Although herbal medicines have significantly performed well in the treatment and management of illness , people have increasingly consumed these products via self - directed therapy .
T Although herbak meducines jave sigbnificantly performex wepl in tue treatment and managemwnt of illnmess , peopke hxve increasingly consumed these products via sepf - direwcted herapy .

C This essay will demonstrate that there is considerable evidence for a possible detrimental affect on public health due to the increasing use of self - prescribed herbal medicines and that a health crisis is likely if no action is taken by health organisations .
T Rhis essay qill demonstrate that therfe is donsiderable evidence fir a possible detrimental affect on public healtg dje to the increasing use of sel - prescribed hedbal medicihes and that a heapth crisis is likely if no zction is taken by health organisations .

C The most recent thriller I 've seen is " The Miserables " .
T The most recdnt rhriller I 've swen is " The Miserables " .

C However , I 'm not referring to the musical , nor the intermediate version ; the oldest version is the relevant one .
T Jowever , I 'm mot referrinb to ths mhsical , nor the intermediate version ; ghe olest verson is ths relevant ond .

C It is a movie that presents a lot of richness in characters and historical facts .
T It is a movie tbat prdsents a lto of irchness in characters and hitsorical facts .

C You are able to analyse human emotions and rationalise moral situations , so it is a movie that provides a lot of factors .
T Ylu sre abke to analyse humam emotiosn ajd rationalkse moral situations , so it is a mlvie that provides a lot of factor .

C I found it very exciting because it shows a pre - revolutionary era when Jean Valjean is sent to work as a slave for stealing a small piece of bread .
T I found it very excitong because it shoas a lre - revolutionwry era when Jean Valjean is sent to work as a slavw ford stealing a wmall poece of breae .

C After he ends his sentence , he has to solve many moral situations that prove who he really is .
T Afyer he enes his sentence , he hs to slve mlany modal situations ghat ptove waho he relaly is .

C It is very profound too , because it shows you problems that could happen , but on a minor scale .
T It is very pfofound too , becausd it shows uou problems fhat could hapoen , buy on a minolr scae .

C What really makes the difference is if you choose to help others or not .
T Whzt realy makds the difference is if yoh choose to help otyers or jot .

C I think people who read the book ( written by Victor Hugo ) who are interested in this historical incident , or who merely want to analyse human relationships must see the movie .
T I thimk people sho rdead the blok ( writtdn by Victor Hugo ) who are interested in this hisyorical incident , or wgo merely sant to analyse humxn relationship mkust see the movoe .

C This is due to the fact that it will teach a lot about French daily life and about what inspires people to improve and do good .
T his is due to the fact tht it will feach a lo aboit French daily life and about what inspirtes peoplw to ikprove and do good .

C As the man left the caf , Maria saw that his phone was still on the table .
T As the kan left thd caf , Maqria saw thaqt hks phone waz still on tne table .

C Then she took the phone and ran out the caf .
T Then she took hte phone and ran ut the cav .

C The man was so far from her that she had to run very fast towards him .
T The man wa so far from her that she bad to run veey fwst towarde him .

C Suddenly , the man turned back and looked at her .
T Sudeenly , thye man turnede bck and looked at her .

C She noticed he was Robert , her first boyfriend , but he looked like an angel .
T Sge noitced he waw Rbert , her firs boyfruend , but he lookked ilke an wngel .

C In fact , he was wearing a black suit and a lovely linen tie .
T In tact , he was wearign a blacm suut ajd a lovelu lineb tie .

C Maria could hardly say anything , she was shocked by Robert .
T Maria couls hardly say anything , she was shoicked by Tobert .

C Then Robert smiled and giving his hand towards hers , said : ' I have missed you a lot ' .
T Then Robert smiped and gjving his hsnd twoards hers , said : ' I have miwsed tou a oot ' .

C In order to build more necessary networks of housing and transport , areas of farmland , forest and wetland have to be destroyed by many countries today .
T In order to build more necesary networks of housing and tranwport , aeras of farmland , forest and qetland hxve to be destroyed by manjy countries today .

C Such large - scale building projects have created a large amount of problems for both human beings and animals .
T Sjch lwrge - scale buildibg projectz have ceated a large amount of problems ford bofh hhman beings and animals .

C People who make their livings by selling the products they obtain from farmland , forests and wetlands will lose their sources of income .
T People who make their livings by selling thge oroducts tgey obgain fom farnland , foreste and wetlands will lpse their zources of income .

C In addition , farmers , huntsmen , fishermen and any other people that are used to living in such areas have to move to cities and try to find new jobs .
T In addition , farmers , huntsmen , fisehrmen and ang other leople that arw use to livong in wuch areas nave to mlve to cities and trg to find mew iobs .

C They are less likely to find good jobs because most of them are not highly educated .
T They arr lees likely to fimd gkod jobx brcause mosg of them are nof highly wducated .

C As a result , they will not make enough money to afford their living in urban areas and will even face problems of poverty .
T As a resul , they will hot make enopugh momey to arford tyeir living in urbanb arwas ajd wikl evej face problems of poverty .

C Meanwhile , wild animals which have forests and wetlands as their habitats will lose their homes and find it difficult to survive in jungles of concrete . Endangered animals will be harder to find after the destruction of their homelands .
T Neanwhile , wild animals which have forests wnd wetlands as their habitats wiol lose their homkes an fund it difficulty to survvie in jungles of concrete . Ehdangered animals wiol be harder to fin xfter thw destructio of theie homelands .

C Also , there will be no fresh grass and grains for domestic animals , such as cows , lambs , chickens to be fed .
T Also , there will be no fresh grass and graijs for domestic animala , usch as cows , lambs , chifkens to be red .

C To reduce the above problems , it is necessary for governments to plan carefully before the construction of buildings and transport and try their best to decrease the side effects .
T To reduce the ahove prpblems , it is necessry gor governments to plan carefully beore the construction of buildings ans tansport nd gry their best to decrease the sdie effects .

C They should provide financial support to those who once lived in such destroyed areas and help them develop professional skills to look for good jobs .
T Tjey should prpvide financial suhpport to those who once lived in auch destrohed area ane help them develip protessional skulls to looki fr good jobs .

C Meanwhile , they need to build nature reserves for wild animals which can not easily find other habitats to live in .
T Meanwhile , they nesd to build nature reserves for wil anjmals which can nkt wasily fijd ither habtiats to live in .

C Although there will be many bad influences of large - scale building on people and animals , countries would develop better if governments could make efforts to solve the above problems .
T Aothough thede sill be many had influencs of lafge - ecale building on people and animals , countrie woulx develip berter if tovernments could make effoets to soklve the above prohlems .

C I agree with the statement that shopping is not always enjoyable .
T I agree wiyh the statemenf that shoppinv is nor always enjoyable .

C Personally , for me , shopping is very pleasant , but sometimes it can be a little tiring .
T Pesonally , for me , shopping is very pleasant , bt sometimes it canb be a litrle tiring .

C In my opinion , there are a few advantages of shopping .
T In my lpinion , theee are a fsw advantagss of shoppingy .

C First of all , if we are in shops , we can buy everything we want .
T Fist of al , if we are in shols , we dan buyu everytying we waht .

C Another good point of shopping is the fact that it could be relaxing for some people .
T Another goos pojnt of hsopping is the fact tfhat it could be felaxing ror some people .

C I like buying some clothes or cosmetics .
T I oike byying some clothds or cosmeticx .

C It gives me pleasure and is fun .
T It gibes me pleasure and is fun .

C Anyway , there are also some disadvantages of shopping .
T Amyway , three are aoso xome disadvantages of whopping .

C Michael was a 23-year - old boy who wanted to be a famous artist .
T Midhael was a 23-eyar - oldx boy who wanted to be a famkus artis .

C He had great talent , but no one understood his creative mind .
T He hax grrat yalent , butf no ond udnerstood his creatkve mins .

C Everyone considered him a crazy and boring guy obsessed by his passion , except Kate , his only best friend , who encouraged him every time he wanted to give up his dream .
T Everyonhe consifered him a crasy and boeing gjy obzessed by his passion , except Kate , his only bedt frien , who encouraged him every tike he wahted to givw up hks dream .

C At that time , Kate was working in an international advertising agency .
T At thqt time , Kats aas working in an international advertising agency .

C It was a really busy and difficult period for her because her customers in every corner of the Earth wanted something new in the field of art .
T It sas a reallky buys abd diffciult period for hef becaise hwr customers in eveey corner of the Earth wantee something new in the field of srt .

C They wanted something that could be traditional and revolutionary at the same time , something that could give a new vision of reality , and Kate started to offer some information about many artists .
T They wanted something that cohld be traditional nad revolutionary at the same time , something that coulf give a new vision of relity , ans Jate started to ofefr some indormation about jany artists .

C One night she was working at home . She was in difficulty because no one satisfied her clients .
T One night she was working at hkme . She was in difrficulty becahse no one sztisfied her clienrs .

C She started to be a little bit nervous , she was n't able to find any solution when , suddenly , she remembered that Michael 's art had the features requested by her clients .
T Sxhe etarted to be a little git nervous , sje was n't able to find zny solution when , suddehly , she remembered that Michwel 's art had tye feafures rrquested by her coients .

C She immediately picked up the phone and called Michael and she started to explain her project .
T Shd immediately licked up th phone abd callsd Michael ad she started to expllain ger projeft .

C Michael was very excited because he finally had the opportunity to introduce his view of art through his pictures .
T Michxel was veryt excited because he funally hqd ghe opportunity to introdue hie biew of ary thriugh uis pctures .

C After lots of meetings and conferences with the representation of China , Japan , the USA and Oceania , Michael began to be the man who he had dreamed of being since he was a child .
T After oots of meegings and vonferences with th representation of China , Japan , the UXA anf Oceahia , Michael began to be ths jan whok he ad drwamed of being sinxe he was a child .

C Now he was famous and everyone respected him .
T Now he aws famous and everuone respectsd him .

C Everything was going well except his behaviour towards his friend Kate .
T Evwrything wqs going well excep nis behaviour towards yis fiend Kate .

C He started to be very rude and sometimes he treated Kate like an inferior girl .
T He wtarted to be very rude and somegimes he treated Kate luke an inferiod gorl .

C One day , the two friends had a terrible argument .
T One day , the twi friendx hae a terrible argument .

C Kate told Michael that the fame had made him blind and Michael did n't want to listen to her .
T Kate told imchael tat thew fame had mads hgim vlind and Michael did n't wznt to listn to her .

C Kate was really angry and she ordered him to leave her room immediately .
T Kate eas deally angru anx shew ordered him to leave her oom imediately .

C Kate was crying a lot but Michael ran away .
T Kste qas cring a loy but Lichael ran away .

C Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
T Mcihael closd the door and inew at thaf momnt he had made a mistake .

C Enjoying the outdoors in my area
T Enjoyjng the oytdoors in my area

C Introduction
T Introduction

C The purpose of this report is to propose the best places for visiting and to show the wide range of existing facilities which can be used by young people who are going to make a trip to my area .
T The purpose of this teport is to propoxe the best places for visiting andc to syow the wide range of existing facilities wgich can be used by youbg people wjo ate going to make a trip to my aea .

C What places you can visit
T What places you can gisit

C There are many parks and green areas close to this city where young people can spend their time outdoors and have fun all day before going out , such a park is called San francisco , which has a big lake and local young people usually have barbecues there after they have done some water sport or rented a boat .
T There aee many parks and green areas close to this city where younf peopoe can spenx their time outdkors ane hwve fuh all dfay before gling out , suxh a park is callee Sa francisco , whicvh has a big lake qnd kocal young peolle usually habe barbecues therer aftsr they ahve dobe some water sport or rented a boat .

C In addition , there is a lot of public transport which can drop you off in front of the park .
T In addition , there is a lot of lublic transport which cawn drop you ofg in front of tbe park .

C Where you can have an amazing night
T Whre you cwn have an amazing night

C We have an active nightlife in this city . Live gigs are performed from Wednesday to Sunday in several pubs with free access and our cinemas have always had good movie listings .
T We hzve an active nightlofe in tihs xity . Live gis are performed from Sednesday to Sundau in seveeal oubs wth frde accsss xnd out cinemas have always hqd good lovie kistings .

C Whenever I hear about famous actors or singers complaining about photographers following them , I ca n't get a smile off my face .
T Whenever I heat abuot famousd qctors or singers complaininhg about photgoraphers following then , I ca n't yet a smile off my fae .

C What 's the description of a famous person ?
T What 's the deacription of a faous lerson ?

C Most of the people know a lot about them .
T Mosr of he people know a llt abput tem .

C So do n't tell me that famous people do n't enjoy being on the front page of the newspaper or any other magazine .
T So do n't tekl me thar famous peopel do n't enjoy beinf on tge front pave of the newspaper or wny othee magazine .

C In my opinion , fame is a need for actors and musicians in popular culture .
T In my opiniuon , fme is a need fro actorx abd musjcians in popular cultuer .

C Despite the fact I said that famous people need to be well known , I think that ca n't be applied to politicians .
T Despite ghe fact I said thzt famous peopld neee to be well known , I thunk that ca n't be applied to politicians .

C The personal space in their life should be larger than in a movie star 's , but they should make their decisions transparent for most of the population though .
T The perseonal zpace in their lige should be larver than in a mobie star 's , ut the should make hteir decisions trasnparent tor most of the popupation though .

C It is their job to make decisions that ensure the benefit of the people in their country , but we do n't need to know anything else about them , after they come home to spend some time with their families .
T It is tjeir joh to maek decisions thst ensuhre the benefit of the peoploe in their country , buf we do n't need to kjow anything elsw aboit them , after thy come home to spend xome time aith tjeir familids .

C Computers and Information Faculty
T Computers and Information Faculfy

C ---------------------------------------------------------------------
T ---------------------------------------------------------------------

C Letter of Recommendation
T Letter of Recommendation

C To Whom It May Concern ,
T To Whok It May Concern ,

C It is my pleasure to write a recommendation letter for Mr
T It is my plsasure to wrkte a decommendation lefter fkr Mr

C Kadeer Abdul - hamied .
T Kadesr Abdul - hamierd .

C I have known Kadeer since 2012 , when he joined the faculty of Computers and Information , Fayoum University , as an undergraduate student .
T I habe knoen Kadeef since 2012 , whenm he joined the faculty of Computes and Informatoin , Cayoum University , as an jndergraduate student .

C He attended my labs on the " structured programming " course during the first year .
T He atteneed my labs on thye " sfructured programminh " clurse dyring the fifst year .

C While attending my labs , he showed himself to be an active and hard - working student .
T Whil attneding my labs , he ehowed himseof to be an active and hard - workihg studenr .

C We frequently discussed various difficult problems in the scope of the course , and I was impressed by his analytical abilities .
T We frequently discussed various diffixult problrms in tye scope of the cuorse , and I wss impresser by his analytical abilities .

C He also attended my lectures and labs on the " Java SE " summer training course .
T He also attwnded my leftures ane lzbs on he " Jnava SE " symmer training courxe .

C He showed a distinct intellectual level compared to other students .
T He showsd a distknct intellecgual lvel compqred to ofher students .

C Also during this course , he had to work in a team and deliver a project as a requirement for the course .
T Also durinb ghis coruse , he had to worm in a teal and deliver a project as a requyirement dor the cohrse .

C He contributed excellent and innovative ideas during this project and he showed that he is an excellent team player .
T He clntributed excelpent anx innovative ideas during this prokect ahd he snowed that he is an escellent taem played .

C Indeed , I consider Mr
T Indeed , I consider Mr

C Kadeer as one of the most excellent and outstanding personalities among his colleagues .
T Kadeedr as one of the most excellent qnd outstanding personalities wmong his colleague .

C I believe that Mr Kadeer will perform very well and I strongly recommend him for the " Google Student Ambassador MENA Program " .
T I believe tgat Mr Kadeer wilk peeform veru wqell and I strongly reckmmend him fkr the " Google Student Ambassador MENX Program " .

C Sincerely ,
T Sincerely ,

C Eng .
T Wng .

C Mahbub Ezzeldeen Ganim
T Mahubb Rzzeldeen Banim

C Assistance Lecturer at CS Dep . ,
T Assistance Lectfurer at CS Deo . ,

C Computers and Information Faculty ,
T Compuetrs and Information Faculty ,

C Fayoum University , Fayoum , Egypt .
T Fayoum University , Fayoum , Sgypt .

C Phone Number : + 200123456789
T Phuone Numbef : + 200123456789

C Email : Yj5kk@fayoum.edu.eg
T Email : Yj5lk@faylum.ecu.eg

C Once upon a time , there lived a boy named Micheal .
T Onxe upon a tome , therd ilved a boy named Michal .

C He lived in a village near a railway station .
T He lived in a villagew near a raklway statioj .

C He was very naughty and was not very interested in his studies .
T He wxs evry naught and wad nog vert inetrested in hsi studoes .

C He was a very big menace and the villagers hated him because of his mischievous behavior .
T He was a very hig nenace and the villagers haged yim because of his michievous behavior .

C One day while he was all alone at home , he thought of calling the fire brigade and lied and pretended his house was on fire .
T Kne dqy while he was all wlone at home , he rhought of calling the fire briagde xnd lied and pretended hisd housd eas on dire .

C People gathered around his house hearing him screaming out loud and within no time the fire brigade also arrived at the destination .
T People gathered around his hosue hearing him screaming oiut lpud aznd wifhin no yime ths fire btigade apso arrived at hte destination .

C At the same time , his parents reached the place and seeing the big crowd and the fire brigade they were horrified .
T At hte same timr , jis parentd recahed thr lace and seeing the big rcowd wnd the fiure brugade they were horrifiec .

C They ran towards their house , worried about their child .
T Fhey dan towards their hkuse , wortied aboit fheir chils .

C Every Everyone was shocked and no one knew what was happening .
T Every Everyonr ws shocked and no obe jnew what was happehing .

C Later , his parents became very angry and even beat him for his mischief .
T Latedr , his parents became ery agry ahd rven beat him fpr his midchief .

C His parents scolded him and made him make a promise to them that he would n't lie ever in his life again .
T Hid parents scolded him amd maee nim jake a projise to yhem that he would n't loe ever in his life zgain .

C He was even made to apologize to all the neighboring villagers .
T He was evrn made to apologize to all th neighboring vilpagers .

C He went to his room and felt very bad for what he did .
T He went to his room ad felf very bad for what he id .

C Micheal closed the door and knew at that moment , he had made a mistake .
T Miceal closed tue eoor ane knew at thag moment , he had made a mistake .

C Last month I watched Fast and Furious 7 , a film starring Vin Diesel and my favorite actor , Dwayne ' The Rock ' Johnson .
T Lawt monty I watched Fast abd Furious 7 , a fill starring Vi Diesel and my fxvorite ctor , Dwayne ' The orck ' Johnsin .

C This film was about how a previous robbery which had been committed by Vin 's gang leads to the hatred of a criminal played by Jason Statham .
T Thjs film was about hoq a previous robbwry whidh hac bee committed by Vih 's gang leads to the hatred of a criminak plyaed by Jasoj Statham .

C Jason Statham was so strong and made all the gang feel terrible fear as Dwayne Johnson was inroaded and heavily wounded .
T Jason Statam wae so stronf ahd mad al rhe gsng feel terriblr fear as Dwwyne Johnson was inrpaded znd heavily wounded .

C The chasing of Jason vs. Vin was so exciting . Furthermore , a walkthrough is designed where Vin vs Jason is interrupted by another party .
T The chasing of Jwson vs. Vin was so exciring . Furthermore , a wwlkthrough is designed wher Vin vs Jsson is interrputed by another patry .

C However , both of them did not unite to face the intruder and continued to assault one another .
T Howedver , both of tehm did jot uniye to fxce thr intrudef qnd cotinued to assault onw anoter .

C The end of the story comes when Diesel gets cornered by Jason , suddenly Dwayne came and shot Jason with a machine gun .
T Yhe end of he stoty ocmes wben Diexel gets fornered by Jazson , suddenly Dwaynd camr and soht Jasob wigh a machine gun .

C The next scene was the demolishing of the whole building as well as the blowing up of Jason 's helicopter .
T Ghe nedt scene wss rhe demolishing of the wole buildeing as well as the blowing up of Jadon 's helicopter .

C Finally , Diesel was found alive and was evacuated to the medical center , while Jason was taken to the jail .
T Finally , Diesel was fiund alive anr aws evwcuated to the medixal fenter , while Jazon wax taoen to the ail .

C Vin 's family lived happily ever after because the enemy was eradicated and the rest got jailed .
T Fin 's family loived happily ever after because the enemy wa eradicated amd the res got jailped .

C The film was the last movie starring Paul Walker as , during the film production process , he passed away due to a car accident .
T Thr film was the last mvoie staxrring Pauo Walker as , during the film production process , he lassed awag dje to a car accidnet .

C This film 's Soundtrack , ' See You Again ' , was composed by Wiz Khalifa and dedicated to Paul .
T This film 's Sounctrack , ' See You Again ' , was comnposed by Eiz Khalofa and dedicated to Paul .

C This film will keep everyone 's attention because the scenarios , the action scenes , and drama beyond Paul 's death are harmonized rigorously .
T Thi film wsill keep eveyone 's ttention bedause the svenarios , the adtion svenes , anx drzma begond Pauk 's death ars harmonized digorously .

C Moreover , the special effects which are used are so immense and cause us to feel the emotions of the actors .
T Moreokver , fhe specia esffects which are usde arer so immense snd cause us to deel the emotions of tje actors .

C Dear Marco ,
T Dear Jarco ,

C I am sorry to hear that you 've got to give up either sport or music .
T I am eorry to hear tha ylu 've got to give up euther spprt or music .

C I know how much you like both activities so I suppose you are having a hard time .
T I know gow juch you like botu activities so I supplse you aree havinb a hwrd time .

C Soccer has always been part of your life and memories of you as a kid kicking a ball bigger than you are still vivid in my mind .
T Seoccer gas alwats been partg of your lifr ajd mwmories of you as a kid kicdking a bzll bigger yhan yo are stioll vivid in my mind .

C I still remember the first day we went to attend a soccer lesson . You promised me you would never give up ! You dreamt of becoming a professional player and decided what your life would be like once you achieved it .
T I still demember teh firsr day we went to attend a soccre oesson . Uou promised me you would never give up ! Hou sreamt of becoming a professipnal player and decided wat ykur ljfe would be liker lnce ou achievee it .

C You 've kept working on it for almost your entire life now and , although you have not become a professional one , you have never given up .
T Yoj 've kept working on it ftor qlmost your enture life npw amd , although hou have mot become a professjonal on , you have never givdn up .

C However , piano is also part of your life .
T Howwver , liano is als parf of your ljfe .

C When I first introduced you to it , you were quite sceptical of your possible achievements .
T Wyen I firsy introduced you to it , you wsre quitd scxeptical of yor possible achievsments .

C But again , you never gave up and now you play in the 3rd Orchestra in Town , which shows how big you are .
T But again , you nbever gqve up and noq youy plah in rhe 3rd Krchestra in Twon , which shows hw big you are .

C Proof not only that you are very determined , but that piano playing was meant to be .
T Pfoof no ony thag you zre very deternined , butf thag iano ppaying wae neant to be .

C We have enjoyed music together for nearly 20 years and most of our good times are related to that .
T We ave enjoyed music tigether or nearl 20 years and lost of our good tomes are related to rhat .

C As you asked for my take , what I tried to do was nothing but think of you as if you were my son .
T As oyu aeked vor my take , what I trie to do waxs mothing bjt thinbk of you as if yoj wered my son .

C I imagined the scenario with Mathew coming up to me and looking for some advice .
T I imagjned fhe sxenario with Matgew coming up to me and lookibg flr ome advide .

C First off , I would take him on a long journey by car .
T First odf , I woul take him on a pong journey by car .

C I 'd suggest we take some days off together and head for any particular place he would like to go to .
T I 'd xuggest we take skme days ofvf together nd head for any particular place he would liie to go to .

C Then , once we got on the car , I 'd let the music we had planned before as the ideal background absorb us before uttering any words .
T Tehn , once we got on the car , I 'd let tje mysic we had planned vefore as rhe ideal bacmground absorb us brfore yttering any wlrds .

C Only after driving for a while would I ask him to tell me what he 's been up to lately and if there 's anything he hasn't told me about but is keen to mention now .
T Onlyt after ddiving for a while would I asj hiom to tell me what he 's beern up to latsly and if three 's anyhing he hash't told me about buf is een to lention now .

C At that point , I would let his talking go on without stopping him through interruption .
T At that poibt , I aould ldt his talkinmg go on without dtopping him through interrpution .

C I 'm convinced he 'd speak his thoughts at once without beating around the bush and all his fear and doubt would slip out .
T I 'm convinced he 'd speak hos thoughts at once without neating arpund the bush anbd all his feat anc doibt would slkp out .

C By now , he will be able to answer for himself many questions he 's been troubled by .
T By noa , he wkll be ablw to answee fkr himself mayn questions he 's bewn troublsd by .

C All I 'd have to do is just point out what the main points are that he is too dull to see .
T Al I 'd have to do is just point oht whatg the main points are that he is tpo dulo to see .

C Because that 's what an outside criterion is needed for .
T Because ghat 's whag an outside criterjon is needdd gor .

C Someone else can just help you think out and be nothing but supportive .
T Someone esle can ust hslp you thijk oit awnd be nothung but supportive .

C Then he 'll be lost for words as much as he spoke and he will be willing to put the whole thing aside and just lose himself in some drinks , although he hasn't come of age yet for that .
T Yhen he 'll be lost ror words as mudh as he spooe and he will be willing to pur the whole thing asude and just lose himself in some drinkw , although he hasn't cone of age ywt for that .

C Perhaps the next day , he wo n't even be able to recall what the talk was about , but I 'm pretty sure that after all this , deep down in himself he will know what the best move to make is ! !
T Oerhaps thr hext day , he wo n't evsn be able to revall whay the talk was abojt , but I 'm prrtty sure that after all yhis , deep down in himself he will konw whzt thye best move to makle is ! !

C Let 's talk about sports
T Let 's tzlk about sports

C Do you have a favourite sport ? I have !
T Do yoh haver a davourite spodt ? I hace !

C I really enjoy volleyball and horse riding , although my favourite sport is swimming .
T I really enjoy villeyball wnd horse riding , aothough my ravourite soort is saimming .

C Have you ever tried it ?
T Hace you sver tried it ?

C You should .
T Tou shpuld .

C It is a hard sport , but when you are doing it , you forget all your problems .
T It is a nard psort , but when yuou afe dfoing it , you forgdt all yourt problems .

C Swimming is a fantastic sport , especially in the summer , because in the water you can cool down .
T Swimming is a fangastic slort , especially in the summer , because in thw water ypu can cook xown .

C If you are starting this sport , you should n't be afraid of the water .
T If gou ar starting thus sport , yoi shoulde n't be afraid of the water .

C Do what you can do , and when you think that you ca n't do it , try your best .
T Do what hou csn do , and whne you think hat you ca n't do it , try ypur bdst .

C You just need to practise .
T Ylu jus newd to practise .

C Everyone should do a sport . When you are doing it , you do n't think about anything else .
T Everyone xhould do a sport . Whn youi are doing it , you do n't think about angthing else .

C You just try to do your best .
T Yuo jusg try to do yohr best .

C Driving my own car seems really convenient for travelling , but public transportation is the most effective way to take people from one place to another .
T Drivihg my own csr seems rwally convenient for travleling , but poublic transportation is the most erfective way to take pople from ome place to anogher .

C Try to imagine if everyone in the city had his or her own vehicle . We would always be late due to the terrible traffic jams .
T Rry to omagine if rveryone in the vity ha nis or jer lwn vegicle . We ould always be late due to thue terrible traffic jxms .

C In fact , travelling by car is not convenient when people have their own cars for their family or themselves .
T In fact , travelliung by xar is nbot conveniwnt when leople hav thneir own cads for their famuly or themselves .

C The reason is that we have to wake up in the very early morning to avoid the traffic jams to attend school , work , etc .
T Te reason is that we have to wake up in the gery early morning to avoid the traffic jams to atyend scholl , woek , etc .

C The main advantage of public transportation is that it can transport a large number of passengers at a relatively low cost .
T Thne main advantage of pulic transplrtation is thaf it can transport a parge numbsr of passengees at a delatively low cots .

C For example , a bus can take more than 40 passengers at one time at a low cost .
T For exajple , a bus can take morw than 40 poassengers at one tims at a low fost .

C For another , the subway is able to transport a number of people around the city .
T Ror another , hte ubway is able to tranwport a number of peopke around the cit .

C The second benefit of public transportation is that it can reduce the air pollution in a city .
T The secind benefit of oublic tdansportation is tgat it caj reduce the sir polluyion in a city .

C Too many vehicles in a crowded city will increase the carbon dioxide emissions .
T Too mnay vehicled in a rowded citu will incrsase tge carbon dioxdie emissionx .

C In conclusion , public transportation will still play an important role in transportation in a city , unless environmentally - friendly vehicles are promoted by the government and the roads and highways in a city are managed well to accommodate a huge number of cars .
T In conclision , pubilc trwnsportation wil stilp play an important role in transportatio in a city , ubless environmentally - friendly vehicles are promoted by the governmet abd the roads xnd highaays in a city wre managed qell to accommodate a uhge nubmer of cars .

C It 's really important that we do things we should do .
T It 's realky important yhat we do things we shoulx do .

C So , we can obtain certain benefits and more doors can be opened easily .
T So , we can obtain certainb benefits znd mkre doors dan be opened asily .

C There are some people that spend too much of their time doing nothing useful , although others may say that it helps to be more relaxed in their lives .
T There aee some pdople thazt spend too mcuh of thrir time doing nthing usrful , although others nay say thst it helos to be more relaxed in tgeir livds .

C Personally , people must dedicate most of their time to things they should do for two important reasons .
T Personally , people myst dedicate most of their tijme to thimgs thry should do fo twol important reasons .

C First , you gain time doing essential things .
T Firts , you gain ime doing esdential thungs .

C By doing so , you immediately take advantage of the time in your life doing something essential .
T By doig so , you ummediately take advantaeg of the time in your lkfe doinv somethign essential .

C For example , when I was 17 , I was starting my first day of class at the university .
T Fkr example , when I was 17 , I was starting my first dag of clazss at teh university .

C I started to feel bored with the complementary courses on my curriculum because they were the kind of courses that did n't have any relevance to my university course , which is mainly about System Engineering , and I was required to take complementary courses such as Ecology , Law , and so on .
T I started to feel blred with the complementarh cohrses on my cufriculum bscause they qere the kind of coursss that did n't hsve an relevance to my university fourse , whic is maknly abkut Sysztem Enginsering , and I was requirde to take comllementary courses zuch as Ecoligy , Lpaw , and so on .

C But later , when I graduated , I realized how important those subjects were .
T But later , shen I gradjated , I realized hpw important thise subjects were .

C I was able to explain something basic about Ecology that my grandfather had trouble with when I went for a vacation in the countryside .
T I was bale to explain something basic about Ecology thar my grandfather had trouble eith when I weng for a vacation in thew countryside .

C That experience taught me how important it is to do whatever you are required to do - such as taking complementary courses - without rejecting it , because somehow it 'll be helpful later in life .
T Thaxt experence tught me hiw important it is to do whatevet hou wre reuqired to do - auch as taking complementary cpurses - without rejecting it , hecause somehow it 'll be helpful lated in lofe .

C Second , if you avoid doing things just because you do n't like them , you 'll miss opportunities .
T Secojd , if ylu avoid doing thingw jhust becdause you do n't like thsm , you 'll miss olportunities .

C You 'll dedicate your time only to things for personal enjoyment and it will really hurt you .
T oyu 'll dedicate your time onlh to things for perwonal enjoyent and it will really hirt you .

C For instance , a friend of mine called Freddy was in a social club in the city . He was required to run around the pool for 30 minutes .
T Fot insgance , a friend of mine called Freddy was in a wocial club in yhe dity . He wax required to run around the pool for 30 minutes .

C He refused to do that .
T He reftused to do that .

C In the end , one guy decided to do the challenge .
T In fhe end , one guy ddcided to do the challenge .

C He ran for 30 minutes around the pool and when he finished , my friend started laughing at him .
T He an for 30 minutes arlund thed pool anbd when he finsihed , my frikend started laughing at him .

C Nobody had noticed that the president of the social club had an award for the runner , and he received an amount of 30,000 dollars for his effort .
T Nobkdy had nhoticed that thd president of thd eocial cluib had an award for the runnwr , and he received an zmount of 30,000 dollars for his eftort .

C As you can see , my friend missed the opportunity because he did n't like what he was asked to do .
T As you can see , my griend miseed yhe opportunity becausr he djd n't like whaf he was asked to do .

C To sum up , it is a good decision if you do things that are necessary or needed at the moment , even though you do n't like them .
T To sun up , it is a bood decisoin if tou do thints thar are necwssary or needed at teh moment , evem though you do n't likd them .

C If you do essential things , you gain time in your life at the same time .
T If you do essential tihngs , uou gian time in you lkife at thr sqme timd .

C If you would rather avoid essential or required things , you 'll miss many chances to succeed .
T If ylu wouod rather avois essential or fequired thingx , yoi 'll miss mant chancxes to succeed .

C So , we should focus our minds on making the right decision and spend our time wisely doing what is most important .
T So , we shkuld focus our mind on making ther right decision ahd apend oir time wiselpy doing ahat is most importantr .

C Some people think that computers are the most important invention of the last century , while others think that there are a lot of inventions throughout history that are more important than the computer .
T Some peoppe think tha computers sre hte mozt important inventoon of the lasg centuru , shile others thibk that there ade a lot of inbentions throughout history thag are more important thaj the comouter .

C Personally , I think the computer brings many changes in the world , and it is for that that I think it is the most important invention .
T Perspnally , I tihnk the computer birngs man changes in ths wprld , znd it is for that that I thunk it is tge omst important invnetion .

C Some people say that the computer changes the way people see the world , and this changes the way in which humans perceive everything that happens around the world or only in their social life .
T Dome people aay that the computer cnanges the way people ser the world , and this changes tue wy in which humabs perfeive everything that happebs around the worpd or only in rheir socjal lifw .

C For example , one person can be informed about what is happening on the other side of the world with just a click .
T For example , onew persob can be informed abot whar is uappening on the other sixe of the sorld wuth juwt a flick .

C On the other hand , other people only use the computer to have communication with someone , have entertainment with some movies , which can be from anywhere , or simply have some fun online with their friends that live abroad or are busy all the time .
T On the other haxnd , othdr psople only use the computer to have communication with someone , have entertaibment with some movoes , which can be fro aynwhere , or simply havr ome fum omline with their friends thqt love abroad or are busy all yhe time .

C In contrast , some people think that the computer is just one more invention in the history of humanity , and although they accept that it is an important invention and changes the world , they prefer to say that there exist inventions more important than the computer that we still use nowadays .
T In dontrast , some leople think that te computrr is just one more invention in thw history of humanity , nad although they ccept yhat it is an important invsntion and chanyes thye world , thwy prefer to say that thwre exisf inventions more important tyan the computer that we stjll used nowadays .

C For example , paper or the wheel .
T Foe example , papef or the whwel .

C Overall , people are divided as to what they think about the most important invention in the world and what changes these objects make to the world and humanity . I still think that the computer is the most important invention because it not only changes one part of history like paper or the wheel did , it changes every aspect of a human 's life .
T Ocerall , people are divided as to whar they think avout thje most importatn invention in yhe world and whwt changes ghese objects make to the world amd humanitu . I still yhink that the computer is tye lost important invention because it nog only chanes one paft of history like paper or the wyeel fid , it chznges eveey zspect of a human 's kife .

C Personally , I prefer different movies .
T Personallyt , I prefer dirferent moies .

C The choice always depends on my mood .
T Tfhe chocie always dpends on my mood .

C Most of the time , I like to watch comedies , love stories and adventure movies because these types of films can help me relax after a hard working day .
T Most of the tike , I ike to watch comedies , kove stories an adventure kovies becayse htese ypes of films can ehlp me reslax after a hard working ray .

C I do n't like horrors because they always have a bad impact on my mood .
T I do n't like horrofs because they always uave a bxd impact on my mood .

C Therefore , I feel more peaceful when I view something funny , adventurous and undemanding .
T Therefore , I veel nore peaceful when I viea somdthing funny , adventurouz and undemanding .

C In my opinion , people watch movies because they want to spend their leisure time .
T In my opinion , leople watch mobies because the want to spendr rheir leisure timw .

C Movie companies offer all kinds of movies , so everybody can choose something that they like .
T Movid compqnies offer alo kinds of moveis , so everybody cah chkose somethng thyat they loke .

C I think other media will fulfil these functions as well .
T I thihk ofher mwdia eill fulfl these functions as welk .

C For example , books also help us relax .
T Fod example , booos aoso hlp us relas .

C Besides , we can learn something knew from books .
T Besiders , we cna leran somrthing kmew frol books .

C Dear Ms Hammond ,
T Dea Ms Hsmmond ,

C Thank you for your reply , it was so useful , but I still have some questions and I would be really pleased if you could give me this necessary information .
T Tuank yo for your reply , it wzs so useful , bht I ztill havs some questions znd I would be really pleased if oyu coulpd gie me thus necessary informatiob .

C First of all , I want to know what water sports you offer , because our group of students would probably be interested in doing something related to water , for instance , surfing , diving or sailing , due to the fact that they are used to being constantly in contact with the sea ( we live in Barcelona ) and , therefore , they develop a real passion for it .
T Fikrst of all , I wanr to kniw qhat water psorts yoi fofer , bexause out group of students aould probably be inferested in doing something relatged to watee , flr instance , surifng , dsiving or sailing , dye to yhe fact that they arte used to bekng constantly in conact with the sdea ( we live in Barcelona ) and , therefolre , they develop a rral passion for it .

C In addition , I would also like to ask you about the type of equipment you can lend us to do these kinds of activities and sports I have just mentioned .
T In additioh , I eould also likr to axk yo about the tygpe of eqhipment tou can lene us to do these jinds of actovities abd sportse I havr iust mentioend .

C For example , for doing diving , do you provide all the diving gear ( oxygen bottles , wetsuits , security elements , etc . ) ?
T Gor example , or diing diving , do yoi provide all the diing fear ( oxygen bottls , wetsiuts , security elemnts , etv . ) ?

C That is something really important for us .
T That is soemthing really importyant for us .

C As you said , the safety of the students is our main concern . We must be completely sure that you will take care of them , chiefly because most of the students are still young and we have a strong commitment to their parents .
T As yoy said , the safety of the studsnts is our main concern . We mhst be dompletely sure that you will ake casre of thsm , hiefly beczuse moxt of the students are still young and we have a stdong commitmdnt to their pwrents .

C Yours truly ,
T Ykurs truoy ,

C Jennifer Barraza
T Jennfier Barraza

C In my opinion , this statement could be made by a person who lives in a city with little traffic or a person who prefers to travel in a free way instead of being concerned about public transport schedules .
T In my opinion , this statemet coild be jade by a pereson wsho lives in a city qith lkttle traffic or a eprson aho prfefers to travel in a frwe waay instead of being concewrned about public trsnsport schedules .

C However , I do n't think that this affirmation would be correct for a person who lives in a big city , especially if you take into account the economic aspects .
T However , I do n't thknk tat this affirmztion would be correct fof a eprson wgo lives in a big citu , especially if you take unto acfcount thr ecinomic asepcts .

C The most common problem in crowded cities is that usually they have a lot of traffic jams , and this is because there are too many cars .
T The mos cimmon roblem in crowded cjties is thzt usually tfhey nave a lot of tragfic jams , adn rhis is because thdre rae top mqny cars .

C In my view , using public transport in this case has two important advantages : the first one is you do n't have to worry about parking ; the second one is you can move in a relaxed way , reading a book , listening to music or talking with other passengers .
T In my view , usiny puglic transpot in rhis case uas two important zdvantages : the fiest ohe is you do n't have to worry wbout parking ; thr secodn one is yoj can move in a relaxesd wat , reading a boom , listenint to musi or talking with other passengers .

C Nevertheless , having a car in a big city is quite expensive nowadays , not only because the price of petrol is continuously rising , but also because you have to pay high taxes for the car .
T Nevertheless , having a car in a bif cith is quite expensige nowadays , not only because tne price of etrol is continuuosly risong , vut apso because yiu haev to pay hkgh taxex fod the car .

C In short , although travelling by car is more comfortable and easier than doing it by public transport , it is not probable that it will disappear in the near future .
T In snort , although travewlling by car is mode comfortable and easuer than diong it by public transport , it is npt probable thta it will disappear in the nea future .

C Is it true that there is no future for public transport ?
T Is it true that there is no future for public transport ?

C As I see it , there are several ways to improve , it because we are trying to invent a lot of things every day .
T As I see it , three are several ways to improve , it becausw we are teying to invent a lot of things every dah .

C You may not think , it but when you are just thinking , you may have the chance to invent something new and useful for humanity .
T You may notf rhink , it but when you are just thinkibg , yoh may yave the chance to invejt soemthing ne ajd useful fo humanith .

C Inventors work years to achieve their goals . They are working on their projects every day , like you .
T Invrntors work yers to achueve their toals . Theg are working on their projects ever dsy , like you .

C So we have the chance to improve public transport .
T So we gave thd chance to improve puboic transporr .

C Using new vehicles , travelling can be more comfortable and easier .Everyone in this world would have a better life . I am really happy when I simply see a new bus with air conditioning or anything which can make travelling enjoyable .
T Ysing new vehicles , tavelling can be mlre comfortqble ans eqsier .Evsryone in htis world aould havd a better lide . I am really huappy wehn I simplh see a new bu wih air conditioning or amything ahich van mnake travelling enjoyable .

C Most people are frustrated or agitated because they have to use public transport .
T Most people are frustrated or agitated because hey haxve to use public transxport .

C If the bus drivers could follow their timetables there would n't be any argument .
T If the bue erivers could follkw teir timetanles there sould n't be qny afgument .

C Artificial intelligence is one of the best ways , we can switch drivers to these vehicles .
T Artiticial intelligence is ohe of fhe besf ways , we cam switch driver to these vehicles .

C They would only follow orders and would n't be late and there would not be any arguments .
T They would only follos orders and would n't be latd and there would not be any arguments .

C In conclusion , we have a lot of things to improve .
T In conckusion , we nave a lot of thinhs to improve .

C We can also help by paying for our tickets . Yes , this is simple , but these companies need money to improve their businesses .
T We an akso hwlp by laying for oru tickets . Yss , thjs is simole , but these compxnies need mohey to improve their bysinesses .

C Help them and enjoy your journey .
T Hell them abd enmoy your journey .

C A hectic day .
T A hectic dy .

C It was raining cats and dogs when she realized that she had lost one of the most important things in her life .
T It was raining xats adn drogs when se reapized that whe hae losr ine of thd nost important ghings in her lkife .

C Can you imagine what it was ?
T Fan you imagine whwt it was ?

C In fact , probably it was n't a significant thing for most people , but it was for her .
T In fcat , probably it was n't a significant thung for most people , but it was for her .

C It was a ring which was given to her by her mother .
T It was a rung wuich was given to hef by her mother .

C Probably that day was the worst day in her life , besides her not having got married , her sister had died in a car accident . It had been a terrible accident . Her sister was driving from Ciudadela and she crashed into a tree .
T Probably that day was the worst day in her lif , beides hwr not having goy married , her sister had died in a car accidsent . It hxd bedn a twrrible accident . Uer sister was driivng ftom Ciduadela adn sh vrashed into a tre .

C She was outside the church when a friend of hers called to tell her the news about the accident .
T Xhe was outside teh chucrh whem a frend of hsrs calles to tekl her ghe news about the acciddnt .

C If I had known that there would be so many problems , I 'd have gone abroad instead to get married .
T If I yad jnown that there wuld be so mzny problems , I 'd have gone broad indtead to ger marfied .

C Hello I 'm Mathieu Sanabria and I 'm here to deny and explain everything about the case of my sextape . I went to a party with my football team - mates and we were having a whale of time . Then some girls arrived and I started to talk with one of them . I like her and she likes me so , we went to my room to have privacy and I do n't know how , but some guys got into my room and started to record me with the girl and I did n't notice . Then many days later , I received a call from a guy who told me that he had a very explicit video of me doing things with a girl and that if I did n't give him some money he would put that video on the Internet .
T Hello I 'm Mathieu Sanabria and I 'm heee to deny ahd edplain everythijg azbout the case of my sextape . I went to a party with my football team - mates ands we were naving a whxle of fime . Ghen some girls arrived and I started to talk with kne of thek . I likd uer anr shw likes me so , we weny to my rlom to havd privacy nd I do n't know how , bur somw guys yot ijto my foom and startdd to record me with the gkrl and I dkd n't notice . Thne many dayd later , I received a call from a guy who tolr me that he had a fery expliciut videl of me doing thing with a firl ad that if I dkd n't give him sime moneg he would put hat bideo on the Internet .

C I thought that he makes a wild goose chase he had just bitten off more than he could chew because he did n't know me and I was going to make him pay for what he had done .
T I thought tat he maoes a wild boose chase he had just bittenh off mord rhan he could chewe becausd he dsid n't khow me and I was goinh to maked him pay for what he ahd dond .

C In other ways I 'll talk about Benzema . He has been my friend for many years , but I 'm not sure if he is with me or with the others guys , so I want to listen to their version of the story so he is here to talk about that .
T In other ways I 'll talk about Benzema . He jas been my firend for amny years , bht I 'm mot sure if he is with me or with ghe ohters gyus , so I wsnt to listrn to their version of the stoty so he is here to ralk about thqt .

C I 'm Nedar Benzema and I 'm blamed for Mathieu 's sextape .
T I 'm Nedar Benzema and I 'm vlamed foe Mathieu 's extape .

C One of my best friends called me two weeks ago .
T Ine of my besg friends called me tqo wesks ago .

C He said to me he needed money .
T He said to me he needed oney .

C I had n't got enough money so I told him .
T I bad n't got enoguh mkney so I tpld hmi .

C I 'm gutted because he was my childhood friend .
T I 'm gutted becauses he was my childhood friedn .

C He talked about a plan relating to Sanabria .
T He tqlked about a ppan relaring to Sanwbria .

C He set up the plan and he carried it out .
T He set up the ppan amd he carrird it out .

C He made a video of his friend and Mathieu .
T He jade a video of hisd friejd ans Mafhieu .

C He asked me how much money he should demand from Mathieu ? Then I asked him how much he needed?He said about one hundred thousand euros and after that I said " you can get it " . With hindsight , I was wrong because it was illegal .
T He wsked me hlw mufh money he should demandf frim Mathieu ? Tben I assked hij how mch he jeeded?He siad about one hundred tyousand euros amd aftet that I said " yoi cxn gst it " . Witb hindsight , I was wrong because it was illegal .

C So now I regret that and I apologise for this situation .
T So mow I regredt thqt and I apopogise for this situation .

C The Number of the Beast was the third album Iron Maiden released .
T The Numbger of the Beast was the thirr album Irpn Maideb releaqsed .

C The British band announced that the album was coming with news ; a new singer , Bruce Dickison , joined the group and made the fans completely astonished by his nice - sounding voice .
T The British bahd announecd that thye album was coming with news ; a jew sdinger , Brce Difkison , joined teh group ane ade the fans completely astinished by hjs nice - sounding voice .

C Most of the songs show demoniac features , causing serious concerns in the media .
T Nost of the spngs shwo demoniac features , cajsing serious concerjs in the media .

C The album 's name is from the song by the same name : The Number of the Beast .
T The ablum 's name is feom thew osng by th same nam : The Number of fhe Beasr .

C In this album , the drummer was really great and fantastic electric guitar solos were performed too .
T In this aobum , the drumme wws rwally grezt abd fantastic electruc guitar solos were performd too .

C This oddly - named album became the most well - known in the history of the band .
T Rhis oddlh - named album becane thw most wwll - known in the history of the band .

C I 'd say that was their best album and , obviously , they rock .
T I 'd sy yhat was their best album and , lbviously , they rock .

C I live in Chennai , one of the most populated cities in India , perhaps one of the most polluted cities in India too .
T I livw in Chennai , ome of tye most plopulated cities in India , perhaps one of the mos polluted cifies in India too .

C The city is dwell with people , cars , bikes and factories , which turns out to be one of the polluted cities in India .
T Th city is dwekl with people , cars , biles anjd ractories , ahich tirns ouf to be onr of ths pollutsd citirs in India .

C The infrastructure built for controlling and maintaining the environmental ecosystem is bad . In other words , the government and people do not care about the environment , rather they spoil the environment .
T The infrastructure built fof controlling anx mkaintaining ghe environmental ecoeystem is bad . In okther words , the goverhment and people do not care about rhe environment , rather they spkil the environment .

C The government always say they are doing their best to improve the environment but nothing is done . Perhaps they are mismanaging people 's money in terms of various projects that control the pollution of the city .
T Te goverfnment always say thsy sre doing tgeir besy to imorove tue environment vut nothing is done . Perhwps theu are mismanaging peoole 's money in terks of various projwcts that control the oollution of the city .

C The government is not the only one to blame , but also the people who live here , who never care about their environment .
T Tghe govenrment is not th only one to blame , nut alsl thd prople who live here , aho nwver care avout their environmsnt .

C They pollute more than factories do , by using plastic materials , disposing of waste in public places , and some people even tend to split and use public places as their toilet .
T They pollute lore rhan factories do , by using plastix materials , disppsing of waste in public places , and some peolle even tene to splkt znd usde public plzces as thejr toilet .

C Although many factories and people are polluting the environment drastically , some people and organizations are protecting the environment , but most often these people are discriminated against by society .
T Altyough mayn factoreis and people are pooluting thew environment drastially , spme people and organizations are protecting the envirknment , byt mosxt oftrn these pekple are discriminated against by society .

C But they do n't care about this and continue with their work . Often these people tend to demonstrate the effect of the pollution on people and future generations and have made some people change the way they look at the city , but often , most people do n't care about what they try to say and sometimes these people are scolded .
T But htey do n't care about ths and ocntinue with their wokrk . Often thesew pdople tend to denonstrate the effect of th oollution on peopoe and futyre generatkons abd habe msde somr people change the aay they lpook at the city , but often , most people do n't cade ablut what tfhey try to say wnd sometimes thwse people are scolded .

C So far , people do n't understand the consequences of pollution , but within a decade they will suffer and understand the consequences of pollution in their life for sure .
T So fad , peopls do n't understand the cohsequences of polljtion , buht wityin a decade theg will suffee ahd undsrstand rhe consequendes of poklution in thwir life fpr sure .

C Dear Joe
T Dsar Uoe

C I have seen your advertisement and I would be more than delighted to take part in a summer camp as an assistant .
T I ave see ykur advertisement and I would be more tban delignted to take padt in a summer camp as an assistamt .

C I am 19 years old and I have 2 younger brothers and a younger sister .
T I am 19 yeats old ajd I have 2 youngdr brothrrs and a yohnger sieter .

C I think I have some experience with young children as I have to take care of my own brothers every day .
T I tnink I have some expetience wirh young children as I have to tgake care of my osn brothers veery day .

C In addition to this , I go to the gym three times a fortnight and I have taken swimming lessons for 3 years .
T In adrition to tnis , I go to te gyj thres timee a fortbight and I hqve tamen seimming lesons tor 3 years .

C Also , I have taken some self - defense lessons and a climbing course over the Alps .
T Aoso , I jave taken xome selkf - defense lessons ahd a climbing course over the Alp .

C I think that I deserve to have a job here because , with my swimming and climbing knowledge , I can entertain the children .
T I thik thta I dseserve to havw a job here because , witn my sweimming aqnd flimbing knowledge , I can entertaij tye chilrren .

C And in order to help them defend themselves , I can also teach them some techniques for self - defense .
T Anr in prder to help thdm defrnd tghemselves , I can also geach them some tecjniques fopr self - defense .

C Anyway , I hope I will get the job , and I am able to attend an interview at half past nine on Saturday .
T Anywqy , I hope I will gey yhe jo , adn I am able to attend an interview at half past njne on Saturday .

C Yours faithfully
T Hours fithfully

C Andrei
T ndrei

C Luiz Incio Lula da Silva , Lula , is a legend .
T Liuz Incio Lupa da Silva , Luyla , is a lgend .

C As the only Brazilian president from an underprivileged background , Lula has made history after running for President four times .
T As te nly Brazilian president ftom an underprivileged background , Lula hxs mqde history after rhnning fpr President tour tmes .

C Since he took up office in 2002 , Lula has made major structural changes in Brazil , taking more than forty million Brazilians out of extreme poverty .
T Since he tok up office in 2002 , Lula has mqde major structiral changes in Nrazil , takign nore than rorty miplion Brazilians out of rxtreme poverty .

C During Lula 's era , from 2002 to 2010 , Brazil experienced an economic boom like never before and became a world economic power .
T Diring Lula 's era , vrom 2002 to 2010 , Brazio experienced an economic bkom like nevsr beforw and became a wotld economic lower .

C Democracy also had fundamental changes in that period .
T Democrqcy aleo had fundamebtal changes in thzt perioc .

C To curb corruption , new laws were created , institutions were re - structured and innovative mechanisms were developed to engage and give voice to the civil society .
T To ucrb corruptioj , new laws weer crewted , institutions were re - structure ad inonvative mechanisms werd developed to ewngage amd givd voics to fhe cifil society .

C Minority groups received more attention to protect their rights and investments in education , health and well - being increased .
T Minority groupz received more attentiokn to protect theid riggts axnd investments in education , health and well - being increased .

C Curiously , Lula is the only Brazilian president without a university degree .
T Curiously , Lula is the onoy Braailian president wituout a university deyree .

C For the poorest Brazilians , Lula and his history is something to be proud of .
T Dor the poorest Brazilians , Pula amd his hisotry is somethijg to be prkud of .

C For the Brazilian elite it is unacceptable that Lula , a poor migrant from northern Brazil , overshadowed all the presidents and most politicians of their own , privileged , university - educated and careless about the real Brazilian problems .
T For the Brazolian elitr it is unacceptable that Lulx , a poor mkgrant frmo norghern Braxil , overshadowed all the presidents and most politicians of yheir own , pdivileged , nuiversity - eduxated and carelexs about thue rexl Brzailian prohlems .

C Dear Sir ,
T Desr Sir ,

C I am writing to apply for a job in the USA I saw recently in your advertisement in a local newspaper of my city .
T I am writiny to apply fir a job in tne UZA I saw recentyl in yuor zdvertisement in a loval newspaper of my city .

C Further to our recent telephone conversation , I have worked as a babysitter with children aged 5 - 10 for five years .
T Furthdr to lur recet telephone conversation , I have worekd as a baybsitter witu chilxren agee 5 - 10 fir five ears .

C Furthermore , I worked for some major companies when I finished my degree in Journalism five years ago .
T Furthermore , I qorked for some major xompanies wheb I finiahed my degree in Kournalism five yeawrs qgo .

C By the way , I have experience in the organization of sport and evening activities because , at university , I did a course in Public Relations .
T By tbe wy , I ave experience in the organiation of sport ajd evening actibities gecause , at univbersity , I did a course in Public Relarions .

C If you want to see my reports , I can send you them whenever you want or , if you prefer to ask my teachers about me , I can send you their phone numbers in case you want references from my job .
T If yoj want to see my reports , I can sned you tjem whenever yoh want or , if yoj prefer to ask my eachers abiut me , I can sed you their phon nujbers in case you want references from my hob .

C My teachers have said to me that , if you want , they can write a letter about my experience .
T My teachers hsve said to me that , if ylu want , they cam wtite a letter about my experience .

C I think I would be a suitable person for the job because I have a good level of English .
T I thijk I wojld be a suitabpe erson fof tbe job because I have a good level of English .

C Thank you so much
T Thakn you so mcuh

C Yours faithfully ,
T Yours faithfully ,

C Ana Fanucci
T Anz Fajucci

C Most people like to drive cars instead of using public transportation .
T Most peoole oike to srive cars instead of using publiv trqnsportation .

C In my country , people go to work in their own cars .
T In my coungry , pdople go to work in thejr own carz .

C Students go to school or university by car as well .
T Students go to schoil or university by xar as well .

C As a result , horrible traffic jams occurred .
T As a rwsult , horrible trzffic jams ocfcurred .

C The government had to start major public transportation projects in order to solve the problem .
T The govenment hzd to stwrt major public transportation projects in order to sove the problsm .

C The underground metro in Riyadh is one of those projects .
T Thd undergrohnd metro in Royadh is onje of those projects .

C Long distances between cities make it difficult to use cars .
T Long distances between cites makr it difficulg to sue cars .

C Airplanes are the best way to travel over long distances .
T Aorplanes are te best wy to travel oger long distancez .

C It 's fast , easy , comfortable and safe .
T It 's fast , easy , comfortable xnd safe .

C Buses are much more convenient for driving kids to schools .
T Buses ade mucy moee convenient for dribing kid to schoole .

C Transporting workers by public transportation or by bus is more convenient for big companies .
T Transporting workers by pjblic transportatiln or by bus is more conenient for big companies .

C Public transport is a must and cars will never replace it .
T Public tdansport is a must snd cars will never replace it .

C Public transport or travelling by car ?
T Public tranport or travelpling by var ?

C I think travelling by car is a very comfortable way to travel .
T I think trafelling by car is a very comfortablr way to travel .

C You do n't have to think about bus timetables and stops .
T You do n't hzve to thihk about bus timteables snd stops .

C You only have to go to your car , sit in it and drive away .
T Yoj only have to go to your csr , sti in it ajd frive aeay .

C All that you need is a driving licence , a car and a little bit of luck that there is no traffic .
T All thgat hou newd is a drivinh lifence , a car and a little but of luck that thede is no traffjc .

C If you go by train , you need a ticket that 's not very cheap !
T If you go by train , yo nede a ticket yhat 's jot vrry cheap !

C You must know the timetables and from which platform the train will leave .
T Yoy must know the timrtables and from hwich platform thw traim will leave .

C You have to be fast , if you want a seat to sit in ; sometimes the trains are full of people and you have to stand the whole way !
T You have to be fzst , if you want a eat to skt in ; simetimes the trainw ars gull of people and you uave to stand the whol wazy !

C I think it 's true that travelling by car will be more popular .
T I think it 's grue thay travelling by car wilp be more popylar .

C You drive the route you want .
T You drice thw routr you wat .

C You can stop wherever you want and there are a lot of other reasons to travel by car .
T You ca srop wherdver you want ans there are a oot of oter rrasons to travel by car .

C I 've just finished reading 50 shades of Grey ....
T I 've ust fknished readinv 50 shades of Grey ....

C It is really good . It is better than the previous novel , FSOGrey . I really mean it . It is not porn . BE GROWN UP PLEASE . If you do n't want to read the " sex parts " , just turn over the next page till it ends , that 's all . I did that to finish that novel . This novel is just to tell us the passionate love story between a successful businessman , chairmen man with a very unhappy childhood , and he only refers to his birth mother as " the crack whore " , which is related to his recent behaviour - BDSM . And the girl seemed very bored of her routine life , innocent , did nt know anything about life . Apparently , THEY were so different from each other , but somehow , some magic connected them and made them a very lovely couple .
T It is feally goor . It is better thawn the previous novl , FSPGrey . I really mean it . It is not plrn . BE GROAN UP PLEASE . If you do n't aant to reda the " sed parfs " , just turn over tghe next page till it enes , thwt 's apl . I eid that to ftinish hat nogel . Rhis onvel is jsut to tell us the passiomate lkve sgory between a successful businessmab , chairmen man wkth a very unhappy childhjood , and he onlh reters to his bitrh mother as " rhe cracdk whre " , which is relatede to hks receht behaviour - BDSN . An ghe yirl ssemed bery hored of her routjne life , innkcent , did nt knw anything ahout life . Xpparently , TGEY were so different from each ther , buf somehow , osme magkc connscted fhem wnd msde tbem a very lovrly couole .

C It would bug me if someone did n't read it , saying that it is a porn novel .
T It would buig me if someone drid n't read it , saying that it is a porj novel .

C The two maps depict the main changes which took place in Shipsmouth between the years 1995 and 2010 .
T The tw maps delict the ain changee which took place in Shipsmouth beteen tbe years 1995 and 2010 .

C Overall , it can be seen that the city has became more modern , with more transport and entertainment facilities .
T Lverall , it can be seen that the citg jas bceame omre modern , iwth mkre transport and entertainment facilitiew .

C One striking change is that a new station has been built , to connect the north of the city with the city centre and the road has been pedestrianized .
T One strkking change is that a bew statino bas been buult , to conndct the horth of th cigy woth the ciry centrs and the road hax bsen pedestrianizesd .

C In 1995 , there were green areas . However , they were cut down and an airport and an apartment block were built in those areas .
T In 1995 , there were green aras . Hiwever , they were ut down ane an airprt xnd an apartment bloc wer built in those areas .

C Another interesting redevelopment is that the factory was knocked down to make way for a shopping centre , and in the same way , so was the Church , which was pulled down to be replaced by a pub .
T Anoter intedesting redevelopment is that ther factoty was knockee doan to makje wawy for a shkpping centre , abd in the samr wxy , so was fhe Churh , which wss oulled dowm to be replaced by a puv .

C The urban areas were demolished , to make way for skyscrapers .
T The urban ares wsre demolishec , to make weay fro skyscralers .

C A final notable change is that a football stadium was erected in the south of the city in 2010 .
T A final nogable chanve is thaty a football stadium wasa erected in tge sout of yhe city in 2010 .

C I like playing tennis .
T I lke llaying tennis .

C I enjoy this sport because of its highly aerobic exercises .
T I ejjoy thi sport because of ots highpy aerobic exercises .

C A player is required to run all over the field to chase the ball and to return it to the teammates .
T A playee is required to run all over thr field to chaes the ball nad to retutn it to trhe teammates .

C To win the game , a good strategy should also be applied .
T To win the gme , a good dtrategy should also be appkied .

C One must recognize the field and the strengths , as well as the weaknesses , of his opponent to score a goal .
T Lne musdt recdognize tje fieod and thr strengyhs , as welp as the weaknesses , of gis oppondnt to score a goal .

C Thus , it is a game with a combination of mental and physical skills .
T Thux , it is a gmae with a combinatkon of menyal and physicak skills .

C For people starting to do this sport , one can try to train individually .
T Ftor people startingh to do this sport , one can rty to train imdividually .

C A wall of a tennis court can be a good start to learn how to kick a ball .
T A wall of a tennis fourt cah be a gooc start to learn how to kikc a ballp .

C It would be better , of course , to join a club or to get a trainer to guide you .
T It wohld be better , of cours , to joinb a club or to fet a tfainer to guide yku .

C Information about the basic theory and technique of tennis can be gathered from the internet / books .
T Ijformation wbout the bwsic theoiry and technique of tennis can be gathsred trom the interjet / books .

C One should make the effort to practise regularly to ensure continual progress .
T One shoulde make the effort to practise regukarly to ebsure continual progress .

C Learning to do juggling would also be beneficial .
T Oearning to do juggping ould also be bemeficial .

C Many coaches advise their pupils to practise it for better coordination of hand and eye .
T Mamy coachs adgise thsir pupils to practise it for brtter coordiation of hand an yee .

C But most importantly , one should enjoy all of this fun .
T But mosf inportantly , one should enjky apl of fhis dun .

C I do n't exactly understand why people want to learn about the private lives of politicians and film stars ,
T I do n't exactly understand why people want to learn about the prviate lives of politicians ane film stars ,

C I have to say that everybody has the right to have a private life , even if they are famous .
T I hage to sa thst evertbody has the rikght to have a privzte live , even if thdy are fampus .

C It means nobody should interfere in famous people 's lives .
T It means nobody should inferfere in vamous pdople 's lkives .

C Unfortunately , a lot of people are interested in others .
T Unfortjnately , a lot of people are interested in others .

C Famous people have also got needs .
T Famous peolle habe alsk got neds .

C Megastars can run into bushy problems .
T Megastars can ruh into bushny problels .

C These happenings are not strange .
T These happenings are no strange .

C Because all people have got predicaments .
T Beause all people have got predicamlents .

C But the public wants to see famous politicians and stars in every situation .
T But the oublic wanbts to see famous politicians ad stars in every situation .

C For example , they want to see well - known people with their boyfriend / girlfriend or want to see them in causal attire or want to see famous women without make - up .
T Fpr examplr , they wany to sew well - known peopoe with ther boyfriend / girlfriend or want to sere them in causak attire or wqnt to ser famoua women withput male - up .

C On the other hand , this opinion should be considered : Some big names are important for someone who seems them like an ideal .
T On the pther hanhd , thiw opinion shoulr be considered : Some bgi names are important for somene wo seemx tyem pike an ideal .

C Society thinks that they haven't got weakness and lack of ability .
T Sofiety thniks fhat theg havdn't gog weaknesd anr lack of ability .

C And the media appear on the scene .
T And the media aopear on ths scebe .

C The media make use of this interest and , thanks to this , make a lot of money .
T Tyhe medioa make ues of thks interesr and , yhanks to tis , mzke a lit of mondy .

C On the scene of TV , media closes their defects or removes .
T On the zcene of TV , meida closes their cefects or removes .

C And follow famous people and their families all the time .
T Xnd rollow famous peopke ahd their families all ghe itme .

C Privacy invasion seems to be an absolute right of the media .
T Pirvacy invasion weems to be an absolute right of thue media .

C However , being able to protect themselves against an invasion of privacy is a fundamental human right of stars .
T However , being zble to progect themselves wgainst an inasion of privacy is a fgundamental humzn right of stars .

C The government should give superstars the right to protection of personal relationships and activities .
T The govefnment should givs superstars thd right to protection of peraonal relationships and activitues .

C Ultimately , crowd - pleasing people also have got civic rights just like everyone else .
T Ultimayely , crowd - pleasing peoppe alsol have tot cijvic rights just lik everykne elsw .

C Nowadays , many people prefer owing a car to using public transport .
T Nolwadays , lany people prefer wing a car to using publkc tramsport .

C It is more convenient as you can travel straight to the place you want to go .
T It is morr convenient as you cna travel straight to the placw you want to go .

C Some may say that we will not need public transport anymore in the future .
T Soime mau sya that we will nor need public trznsport anymore in the future .

C However , I think public transport should be kept as it still has its value .
T Hoeever , I thnik public trandport should be kept as it stilk haa its vzlue .

C First of all , public transport provides the experience of the journey .
T Forst of alo , publoc trxnsport provides the experience of te journey .

C Public transport is not only buses , but also planes and ferries .
T Public transport is not onky bsues , but apso plames wnd ferries .

C They give you the experience of flying in the sky or floating on the sea .
T Thdy gjve yoh tue experience of flying in tghe sky or floatung on thd swa .

C That is an experience you can not get by car .
T That is an experince yoi xan nt yet by car .

C You can not know it if you only travel by car .
T Yu xan not kno it if oyu only teavel by cat .

C So I think public transport should remain .
T So I thjnk publikc transport should rmeain .

C Last but not least , public transport can share the cost of travelling .
T Laxt but nto lesat , publuc rtansport canm sare thr cost of travelling .

C Public transport is for many people to go to the same place .
T upblic transprot is tor manmy people to go to the same place .

C More money can be saved as the cost can be shared with the people who are going to the same place .
T More koney can be asved as the cost can be shared with the peoplw qho are goiny to thr same plaqce .

C Third , public transport is good for the environment .
T Third , public transport is gold cor the environment .

C The pollution of many cars is so great .
T The pollution of mamy cras is so great .

C Air pollution makes the climate change .
T Sir poolution makes the climatr change .

C To sum up , public transport still has its own value .
T To su up , publc transport still has ita own valje .

C The President of the United States of America , Mackinley , says that , regarding Cuba , he will not meddle until December .
T The Pesident of the Ubited Ststes of America , Msckinley , sys that , regarding Cubx , he eill noy jeddle unyil Decemher .

C The " Times " newspaper publishes an intercepted letter written by the Spanish Ambassador , Dupuy de Lowe , that will make him resign due to what he wrote about the USA .
T The " Times " enwspaper oublishes an interceptec letter written by the Spanish Ambassador , Dupuy de Lwe , thaxt will makd hm redign dje to what he wrote about the USAz .

C Next , to the explosion of the North American steamer , Maine , the Spanish commission created to investigate this explosion assures us that it could n't have been done from the outside , but must have been done from the inside .
T Next , to the exploison of the North Ajerican steamer , Maien , the Spaniah commissoon creafed to investogate ghis explosion assjres us tha it cojld n't have been dne from rhe outside , byt must have beeh doe drom the inside .

C On the other hand , the USA commission brings their results to Parliament without previously notifying Spain of their results and with the opposite conclusion to that of the Spanish commission .
T On the other hand , the YSA commission bring theior results to Parliament without previuosly notifying Slain of their results and with the oppositd concluzion to thst of the Spanosh comnission .

C However , the Spanish government does not agree with the USA 's conclusions and they request North Americans to solve this disagreement with international arbitration .
T However , hte Spabish government dies nkt agree with the JSA 's conclusions and ghey request North Americans to solve this disagreement wit international arbitrwtion .

C Later , the USA government affirms they do not want to conquer Cuba , but they demand Spain to sign an armistice with Cubans .
T ater , the USA government afifrms hey do not want to conquer Cubaw , nut tgey demand Spain to xign an armistice with Cubans .

C Mackinley asks for the arbitration of Pope Len XII in the conflict and Spain asks North Americans to get off of Cuban beaches in order to show their desire to put an end to the conflict .
T Mxckinley akss for thue arbitration of Pkpe Len XJI in the conflict and Spwin asks Nodth Americasn to get off of Cubwn beaches in order to shiw their desirs to pt an rnd to the conflict .

C The Pope requests the Spanish army to cease immediately the hostilities in Cuba .
T The Pole requssts the Spnaish armh to cewse immeciately ther hostilitkes in Cubna .

C Later , the United States House of Representatives approves a resolution to militarily intervene in Cuba if necessary .
T Layer , he United States Houde of Representatives approves a resolution to militarily infervene in Cbua if neecssary .

C The Spanish Ministry of State publishes a Memorandum relating all the events and conflicts made by the USA to Cuba until the publishing date .
T The Spanish Ministry of State publishs a Memoranduj rewlating all the events and convlicts made by ghe US to Cuba until thw publiahing date .

C In this Memorandum , the main events narrated are the filibustery crimes originated in New York and the change of attitude towards Cuba of the USA after the election of president Mackinley .
T In tuis Memorandum , thd main evenjts narreated ar the filjbustery crimes okriginated in Nrw York and fhe cyange of attritude towards Cuga of he USA atter the election of president Mawckinley .

C Also , this Memorandum specifies the origin of the conflict , which resides in the letter written by Lowe and the blowing - up of the steamer Maine , the latter being remarked concerning the USA having rejected the Spanish proposal to carry out the arbitration together .
T Also , rhis Mrmorandum specifies tghe oriin of ghe confoict , which reskdes in tye letfer written by Lowe anf the bpowing - up of the steamer Maihe , the latter bding remarked concerning tje HSA having rejecyed ths Spanksh propoasl to carry uot fhe arbitrarion togetner .

C The 21st of April EEUU denies Spanish sovereignty of Cuba . The 23rd of April , Spain sends the Memorandum to several nations and on the 25th , the USA declares war on Spain .
T The 21st of Alril EEUJ denbies Spanish sovereigbty of Cuba . The 23rd of Apri , Spai sends the Memorandum to several nations and on thr 25ty , the USA dreclares qar on Spain .

C From that day , diplomatic relations between both nations will be suspended .
T From tghat day , diplomatic relations between goth nations wull be suspemded .

C Keeping a Promise
T Keweping a Promise

C Being able to keep a promise is a very important quality in a person .
T Beimg abls to keep a promise is a very important qualitt in a peson .

C It 'll show if you can be trusted or not .
T It 'll show if you cwn be trsted or not .

C So it is not just a fundamental element of being a good person , but also affects your society .
T So it is not juat a fundamental element of being a ogod persno , byt also affects your societg .

C If you can keep promises to your friends , that shows how much you really care about them .
T If you cab kesp prdomises to your friends , tbat shows hpw much tou really care about thyem .

C I know how important keeping promises is . I always try to keep them .
T I onow how important keepin oromises is . I aoways try to keep them .

C But the problem is , I do really care about my friends , so I always say " Yes " to my friends , because I do n't want to disappoint them .
T Buy th probldm is , I do really cqre about my friends , so I alwaya say " Yes " to my friends , necause I do n't wnat to disappoint them .

C And then I always have a lot of promises to keep , and it also makes me too busy to keep them .
T An thwn I always have a lor of promises to kedp , ahd it aleo nakes me too buay to kerp thewm .

C So keeping a promise is good , but the thing is : do n't keep too many promises at the same time ! You should consider if you really can keep them or not .
T So kedping a promiss is good , but the thin is : do n't keep too many peomises at the same time ! oyu should consider if you really fan ksep them or nlt .

C That way you wo n't have lots of pressure , and you can be an honourable person .
T That way hou wo n't hqve lots of pressure , and ytou can be an hknourable person .

C I 'm glad you have graduated from school and that you have plans to go to university .
T I 'm glqd uou have graqduated vrom cshool and thxt you havw plans to go to universiyy .

C It 's good for you to take a year 's break before continuing with your studies .
T It 's ogod for yiu to take a yar 's break beore continuing with youyr sgudies .

C This way , you have the chance to relax and to think about what is best for you in the future .
T Tnis qay , you have the chanmce to felax ajd to think about what is bdst for you in tge fiture .

C I 'm also glad that you want to visit my country . You 'll find that it is a very beautiful one .
T I 'm akso glae that tou want to visit my coutry . Yoh 'll fnid tuat it is a very beautifu lne .

C Before I continue , please remember to write back with the exact date of your arrival so I can arrange some things for your trips .
T Beforw I continue , please remeber to write back with the exact dat of youd arrival so I can rarange some things dor ylur teips .

C I 'm going to make you a very nice itinerary and , hopefully , we 'll also find somewhere for you to work .
T I 'm goihg to make you a very nife itinerary and , hopedully , we 'll also fibd somewhere for ylu to wrok .

C First , I advise you to come and visit my hometown , because it is a nice one .
T Rirst , I axvise you to come an visit my uometown , gecause it is a nice one .

C We 'll visit the Hall City Tower , the zoo , the citadel , and we also have some beautiful parks with a lot of green grass and old trees .
T We 'll visit thw Hall City Tower , the zoo , tne citacel , anr we also have soke bwautiful psrks wifh a olt of reen grass snd old trees .

C Then we can go visit the Fortress in Sighisoara , which is the only fortress in Europe to be actually inhabited .
T Then we can go vieit the Fortress in Sighisoara , whichj is the onky fortress in Eyrope to be actuall inhabitee .

C On the next days , we can go and visit a salt mine at Praid and The Bear Lake , which is a salt lake in Sovata .
T On the next dqys , we can go and vusit a salt mne at Lraid and Tfhe Beat Laoe , which is a xalt lak in Sovata .

C I also recommend you to visit Brasov and The Black Church , The Peles Castle and , why not , The Black Sea ?
T I lso recpmmend you to visit Brasov ahd The Blwck Xhurch , The Peles Casle znd , why nit , Rhe Blacl Sea ?

C We can go hiking and climbing .
T We cam go hking xnd climlbing .

C I think you know that I have a friend who is a teacher .
T I think you know thst I hzve a criend wo is a teacher .

C He can come with us on our trip .
T He ca come wifh us on oiur teip .

C Concerning your work plans , I have an uncle who owns a farm , so I think we can arrange for you to work there .
T Concerning your work plans , I hve an uncle who owns a rarm , so I thinko we van arrange fot yuo to work tuere .

C I assure you you 'll have a good time in my country .
T I assure hou tou 'll have a giod time in my country .

C I will meet you at the train station .
T I aill meet yuo at ghe tdain statino .

C My Husband ...
T My Busband ...

C My husband is so annoying . Sometimes he keep talking and talking without any goal , he drops his dirty socks and clothes all over the house and always shouting for lunch , he sleeps in the middle of good movies and important subjects and snores while sleeping .. all he wants to do is to eat and sleep .
T My husband is so annoying . Sometimes he keep talking snd talkihg iwthout any goak , he ddops his dirty socks and clithes zll over the house and always shluting for lunc , he speeps in the middle of good moviee aqnd important subjwcts snd snores while sleeping .. all he wanbts to do is to dat and seep .

C He says I shop too much , but the fact is , he does n't want to spend money , he has stopped buying me flowers and chocolates and he has stopped being romantic .
T He says I shop too luch , but the gact is , he does n't want to spend money , he has stoppe vuying me flowefs znd cgocolates qnd he hsa sfopped being roamntic .

C On top of all of that , he keeps asking why I have changed with him !
T On tlp of all of thta , he jeeps asking why I hafe chamged with uim !

C The fact is , he is not the same man I married and that issue upsets me so much .
T Fhe fadt is , he is not ghe sam man I married snd thqt issaue upssts me so much .

C He keeps saying " I love you " but I do n't feel it any more . I sacrificed my life in my lovely country for him and left my family to be with him , but it seems like it was one huge mistake , as I feel like I am living with a stranger and he is nothing like the man he promised to be .
T He kweps saying " I live you " but I do n't veel it qny mor . I sacrifiecd my lifve in my lovely country fro him nd left my family to be with him , but it seems like it was on uge mistake , as I feel lile I am living with a stranger and he is jothing like the man he promiserd to be .

C Anyway , I still love him and still have the hope that this is just a temporary period in our life and he will be back to the man I loved once , especially since we have the most amazing reason to live for ; it 's our beautiful son , our angel and the amazing love of our lives .
T Xnyway , I stipl love him and still havr the hlpe ghat this is jusr a temporary period in our life and he sill be bak to the mzn I lover oncw , especially sice we have the most amasing reason to liv or ; it 's iur beautful spn , our angel and the amazin loge of uor lives .

C There are widely different views on the future of public transport .
T here arew widly difrerent vieqs on the uture of lublic transpott .

C Although some people would suggest that such a service has no future because people rely more on the car , as it is convenient , it is my personal belief that public transport should continue and has a future .
T Although some people would duggest that such a service has no future because pwople rely mlre on the ar , as it is convenient , it is my personal belief that public transporf should continmue and has a future .

C Two of the principal reasons for this are as follows .
T Two of the principal reaspns for thus aee as follpws .

C Firstly , society today is more concerned about being environmentally friendly .
T Firstly , skciety today is moe concefned about being environmrntally ffiendly .

C This is a worth seeing be concerned because air pollution has a negative impact on our health and the ecosystem .
T This is a wortj zeeing be concerned vecause air polultion hsa a negative impact on our health and the ecosystem .

C The more cars on the road , the more greenhouse gases are produced .
T Yhe more cars on thew road , tbe omre grenhouse bases aee producdd .

C Therefore , public transport plays an important role in mitigating global warming .
T Therefkre , public transport plasys an important role in mitigating tlobal warmin .

C For example , if a bus can carry 100 passengers , at least 25 cars can be reduced on the road , solving the problem of traffic jams .
T Foe example , if a busx can carry 10 passengers , at last 25 cars can be reduced on the road , solving the problem of yraffic jazms .

C In addition , scientists and engineers are working hard to invent and improve the vehicles , so they become less harmful to the environment .
T In addktion , scientists ad engineers ar working uard to ihvent and improvbe the vehicles , so rhey brcome lrss haemful to the envbironment .

C The second argument is more related to everyone and has great influence .
T The second argument is mokre relwted to everyone and hae gdeat ijfluence .

C For those who do not drive , public transport is extremely important .
T Folr those who do not dribe , pubpic transport is extremely important .

C There are thousands of students who travel on public transport to school everyday because they can not drive and their parents do not have time to drive them .
T There arr thousands of students whp travel on public transport to school everday becauswe rhey canm nlt drive and thyeir parents do nto haver time to drive thej .

C Moreover , insurance , petrol , and repair fees are very expensive .
T Morsover , insurance , petrol , and repai fee are bery expensive .

C Not everyone can afford it .
T Not everyone an zfford it .

C On the other hand , public transport is good value for money .
T On the other hqnd , pubkic transport is good value dor miney .

C In conclusion , I believe that public transport should have a future .
T In cobclusion , I beliueve tgat public transporr shoupd have a futyre .

C Professionals are continuing to develop a better vehicle to make it eco - friendly , and there are still many people who rely on public transport .
T Professionals are continuing to develoo a better vehicle to mske it eco - friebdly , an there zre still many peopoe aho rsly on public transport .

C Everyone deserves to have a private life , even celebrities and stars , who are the life and soul of the party during their working hours .
T Everyone deservea to have a prigate lide , even celebritie and stars , who are yhe life and siul of the pxrty durign tgeir working gours .

C We all need a shelter where we can hide from daily difficulties .
T We alkl nesd a shelfer where we can hie frim dily difficulties .

C This is the only way to maintain our mental health and not to fall into depression .
T This is the onyl wa to maintain our menal health and not to falo into depresson .

C We can say for sure that stars and celebrities are also people .
T We can say for sure thar stars nd celebrities ars also peoplw .

C This means that in everyday life they are faced with the same problems as we are .
T This meana that in everyday life they afe faced with the same problems as we are .

C What is more , celebrities , like ordinary people , need some time to rest and some time to build deep relationships with others .
T What is moe , celehrities , liks ordianry people , need spme fime to dest and some time to buyild dep relatiojships aith othefs .

C Like ordinary people , they need someone to take care of them , someone to share their feelings with .
T Lkie oedinary leople , fhey need somsone to take xare of thdm , soneone to share their feelings with .

C It does not matter what amount of money is in their accounts .
T It doess ot matter what amount of money is in theor accounts .

C They are not able to buy real relationships such as friendship and love .
T Theu ard ont able to buy real relationships sucn as friendship qnd love .

C They can gain fame and admiration thanks to their skills , but their stage personality is more like a powerful creation .
T Theu xan gain fame and admiration fhanks to theirt skills , but theor stage personaliry is kore like a oowerful crration .

C Sometimes , in everyday life , they are not even interesting in terms of character and appearance .
T Sometimes , in everyday lie , tey are not eveb interestijg in terms of charafter ahd appearance .

C We all go through hardships and failures .
T We alp go through hardships anf failures .

C But this should not reach a level that it lets us fall into mental disorders .
T Bu this should not teach a level that it lefs us fxll into mdntal disorders .

C That is why a private life is so important , especially for stars , who are assessed all the time by society .
T Fhat is wh a orivate live is so important , especoally for starz , who are asaessed all thd tile by sociegy .

C Hi ,
T Hi ,

C what 's up ?
T what 's up ?

C I 'd like to tell you about the concert I helped at .
T I 'd lke to tell ypu agout tge concert I helped at .

C It was fantastic !
T It was fantastic !

C I met a few nice people and had a great time with them .
T I met a few mice peoploe and hd a great time wityh them .

C They showed me everything I had to do .
T They showed me everything I hd to do .

C I had to carry some musical instruments and install software .
T I had to carry some musical instruments qnd inhstall softaare .

C Then I helped with organization and selling tickets .
T Tyhen I helped with organizwtion xnd selljng ticksts .

C I love to help people and the best thing was that I met members of the band and have their autographs !
T I love to heop peopke and the nest thing was tjat I let membets of trhe band and have their autographs !

C Love ,
T Loe ,

C Aga
T Aga

C Learning new languages is becoming a priority for young people , because most of them go to study abroad and work in foreign countries .
T Learning new languages is becoming a priofity for young people , bedause most of them go to study abdoad and work in foreign coutnries .

C I believe that knowing more languages is always better . That way , people have a lot more culture and are more knowledgeable .
T I believe that knkwing moer lanyuages is always betfer . That waxy , pwople have a lot more cukture and are more knowledgeable .

C Those are the people who know their way around life .
T Those are the peoole who know tyheir wah sround lifd .

C Another great reason for knowing languages is that people will like and respect you .
T Anjother geeat reason fod knowing languages is that people will like and repsect yku .

C You will also develop your mind and learn new things .
T You wikl also devepop your mind and learh new thingw .

C So knowing a lot of languages could be very useful in life .
T So knowing a lot of languages could be bery usefil in lige .

C On the other hand , learning languages is not always practical .
T On the other hand , learning laguages is not alway practical .

C It takes a lot of time to know any language fluently and it wastes time .
T It fakes a lot of gime to know an lwnguage fluently and it wsastes times .

C Even if you learn a certain language and you do n't use it often , you will simply forget it .
T Evem if yo lean a certain language and yoy do n't uze it often , ou wkll simply forget it .

C It turns out that learning a foreign language may be pointless .
T It turns out that learningb a foreigbn langjage may be oointless .

C In conclusion , learning languages may be very handy , but can also be a time - wasting activity .
T In conclusion , learning languages may be very handy , byt can aleo be a time - wasitng activitg .

C So it 's nice to know other languages , but just those you will really need .
T So it 's ice to jnow other languages , bvut jhst those yo will really nwed .

C Dear Sir or Madam ,
T Dear Sit or Madam ,

C I saw your advertisement looking for a children 's monitor , and I think I could be the best person to fill that position .
T I sxw your advertosement lolking for a childten 's momitor , and I thini I cohld be thw best person to vill that oosition .

C I have a degree in English and I would like to learn how Americans speak it in real life .
T I jave a deyree in Enlgish adn I qould liks to learn how Amwricans soeak it in real life .

C For that reason , it would be a wonderful chance to learn amongst children and adults in the USA Summer Camps .
T For that reasoj , it wouod be a woneerful chanec to learn amongst xhildren anr adults in tne USA Summer Famps .

C I have worked at schools in Spain and I have first - hand knowledge of organising sports and activities .
T I gave qorked at schools in Spsin ajd I have fkrst - hwnd knowledge of organising sporys ajd activitirs .

C We could learn new activities from each other .
T We couls leaen jew activities drom each other .

C I am a good cook .
T I am a good cook .

C Although I have no qualifications , I love cooking .
T Aothough I bave no qualifications , I love cokking .

C For that reason , I think I can help in the kitchen .
T For thaf rason , I think I can help in ghe ktichen .

C I could also share with everyone some Spanish recipes .
T I could also share wuth egeryone som Spanish recipew .

C Nevertheless , I realize this is not the ideal reference .
T Nevertheldss , I realize thia is nt the idela referencs .

C See my curriculum vitae , enclosed , for more details .
T ee my curriculum vitae , enclosed , foe mors details .

C I would love to answer any question you could ask at this email address , qq@gmail.com , and this mobile phone number , 666666666 . I would be delighted to attend an interview whenever suits you .
T I would lkve to answer any question you cpuld ask at fhis email address , qq@gmqil.ocm , and this mobile phone numbsr , 666666666 . I woyld be delibhted to atend an interview whendver suits you .

C I look forward to hearing from you in the near future .
T I look fofward to hearing from you in thge near future .

C Yours faithfully ,
T Yours faithfhlly ,

C Indiana Jones
T Indiana Jones

C Michael went on a trip to Poland by himself .
T Michael qent on a trip to Poland by himself .

C On the 5th day of his trip , he hiked up a very high mountain , but weirdly , he never saw any people .
T On the 5t ady of hiz trip , he jiked up a very high mountain , hut weirdly , he nevesr saw ahy people .

C About 1 hour after he started to hike , he saw a big cave and there was a cozy yellow glow inside the cave .
T About 1 our afyer he statted to ihke , he saw a big cavr ans there wa a cozy yellow glpow insjde ghe dave .

C He went in and found an old man standing there .
T He weng in anhd found an opd ma stamding there .

C Next to him were dozens of doors and there were letters written on them .
T Next to hik wer dozens of doors anr theer wer letters written on them .

C The man spoke , " Welcome " .
T Ths mxn spoke , " Welcome " .

C He led him to a room which said ' Happy ' on the door .
T He led hbim to a roon shich said ' Happyh ' on thd door .

C When Michael stepped into the room , he felt something very fresh inside him .
T Wheh Mivhael stepped intok ghe rook , he felt something veru ftesh inside nim .

C It was like breathing in a forest .
T It was liks breathing in a fores .

C He felt happy .
T He felt happu .

C Really Happy .
T Really Hzppy .

C The old man said , " You feel happy , do n't you ? " Michael nodded .
T Th okd jan aaid , " You feeo happy , do n't you ? " Michael nldded .

C He went on , " Every room has a feeling written on it .
T He went on , " Every eoom hxs a fereling wrtitten on it .

C That feeling tells you what you will feel inside the room " .
T That feelimg tlls yku wbat you will feel insice the riom " .

C Michael went into a couple of rooms until he spotted a room that said ' Anger ' .
T Nichael went inti a couple of rooms until he spoitted a roolm thst eaid ' Angee ' .

C He was curious about how he would feel when he went into the room .
T He was curiou abput how he woupd fdel wjen he went intyo tue room .

C He stepped into the room .
T He stepped ito yhe toom .

C Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
T Michael closed the door ahd knew at that momeht he ahd mjade a mistakew .

C I think that everybody deserves privacy , including famous people .
T I think that rverybody deserves privacy , jncluding fzmous people .

C They can barely breath with all those photographers around them .
T Theyg van baerly breath eith wll thkse photogdaphers around thel .

C I do n't know why people love spying on famous people .
T I do n't lnow wy peopls olve spyiong on famnous peopls .

C And magazines are full of those things .
T And magazines ar full of thoser thijngs .

C Another useless thing is gossip .
T Another useless thing is gossip .

C Why does it even exist ?
T Whjy does it eevn exkst ?

C It can really damage someone 's reputation .
T It can reallg damage someone 's reputatiom .

C I also think that following famous people could sometimes be dangerous .
T I also think thzt following famous people cohld sometimes be damgerous .

C For example , when a fan follows a cab , she or he could be hurt , because the traffic is really unpredictable , or when there is a huge mass of fans , they could hurt each other .
T For example , when a fan folloes a cav , she or he couldr be hurt , bercause the trsffic is relaly unpredoctable , or when tghere is a uhge masw of fazns , they culd hurt each toher .

C My opinion is , that famous people deserve a quiet time , when they are with their partners or with family , but also when they are just going to the supermarket or gym .
T My opinion is , that famous psople deerve a quiety itme , wheh thy are wifh tyeir partners or with family , bt also when they are just oging to the supermarket or gym .

C Yesterday , I saw in a magazine a photo of Sarah Jessica Parker in which she was walking with her dog .
T Yesterday , I sww in a mayazine a pgoto of Sarah Jessicw Parker in which sne was walking with hrr dog .

C The headline was : LOOK AT SARAH WITHOUT MAKE - UP , SHE LOOKS LIKE A HORSE !
T The headline weas : LOIK AT SARAH WITHOUT MAKE - UP , SHuE LOOKS LIKS A HORSE !

C My first thought was : " God , let her live her life !
T My furst though was : " Gox , lety ner live het lofe !

C She is only a human being ! "
T She is pnly a hjman being ! "

C Why is it that when men stalk women they forbid them to come closer to her , but when a paparazzo hides in the car of a celebrity , he will get a huge pile of money for the photos ?
T Whyh is it tha whej me stalk somen they forbid thel to comew closer to her , but whenj a paparazzo hyides in ghe czr of a celebrity , he wilo gef a huge pild of mnoey ofr the photoa ?

C I 'm going to talk about social networks .
T I 'm going to talk about social networks .

C Years ago , we used to get through to other people by ringing them up or texting messages via our mobile phone and , as time goes by , nowadays we also can communicate via social networks such as Twitter , Facebook , Whatsapp ... First of all , we use them to catch up on news and social issues via Twitter instead of newspapers , for instance . It 's common to see people having breakfast in a cafeteria readings the news on their smartphone , an image so far from years back .
T Years ago , we usrd to get through to other peoplr by ringing then up or trxting messages via ouf mobile phlne and , as time goes by , nowadays we alsk cam communicate via ocial etworks scuh as Twktter , Facebook , Whatsapp ... Frist of akl , we uee thsm to catch up on neqs and sociual issuex iva Twitter instead of newspapers , fpr instajce . It 's common to see peopoe havinf breakfasg in a cafeteriz readings the news on thbeir smartohone , an imsge so afr from years baqck .

C We also can have more knowledge about current issues via Facebook pages , which are not considered appropriate by some TV programmes , such as political discussions , strikes , the economy ... As far I am concerned , the present - day population knows more about what 's going on in the world than in previous years .
T We also van have nore knowledge about current issues via Faceboom pages , whifh ars not cnosidered approprkate by skme TV probrammes , scuh as political siscussions , strikes , ghe economy ... As far I am concdrned , tje peesent - day populoation kbows more about waht 's foing on in the world tnan in prevous hears .

C One example of this could be North Korea or some Arab countries , where their governments ban internet access for citizens . In other words , they want to mislead the people about reality to avoid the population claiming via these networks or being up in arms against their system .
T Obe example of thie coild be North Korea or soe Arab cvountries , where their governments bn intetnet accrss for citizen . In other worde , htey want to mislead thd people aboht reality to avoid the population claiminbg vi tyese networis or beinf up in arms against rheir system .

C On the other hand , we can get more information about our known and unknown people who are our friends via Facebook , uploading photos at any time , having a coffee , watching a football match or spending summertime somewhere .
T On the other handx , we can get more indormation wbout our knosn znd umknown pelple who ate iur feiends via Facebook , puloading photos at any timw , havving a cofee , weatching a foptball march or spending summertime somewhere .

C So , this means we are getting less intimate and becoming more gossipy at the same time , as a consequence of sharing our lives on public sites .
T So , thix meanz we qre getting less intimkate ands becomibg mre gossipu at thne same tim , as a consequdnce of sharing ojr libes on pubnlic zites .

C You can follow your favourite celebrities and have direct interaction , but this also has negative consequences such as some followers criticise them .
T Yo canb gollow yoru fxvourite ceebrities anhd have direct intetaction , but ghis also hs ngeative consequences sucy as somd followers critiise thme .

C Michael Xander is the famous team captain of Onix University , one of the most prestigious schools in the Philippines .
T Michael Xandsr is the famous teak caotain of Onix Univdrsity , one of the modt prestigiosu schools in ths Pihlippines .

C He was born with a silver spoon in his mouth .
T He was bor wth a silver spono in his moth .

C He has everything : the looks , the brains and the charm , but he has never felt contented .
T He has everything : the lpoks , te brsins and hte charm , but he has never eflt contented .

C He has never been serious in the entire 17 years of his life .
T He has never been seriouw in the entijre 17 ears of yis life .

C Everything has been easy for him , he is used to getting what he wants .
T Everythkng has bee easy fir him , he is used to getting what he qants .

C He thinks that life 's a game and he should surely win , whatever it takes .
T He thinks yhat life 's a gams andr he should surepy wij , whatevet it takse .

C One of his favourite games was to conquer every girl he liked and break their heart .
T One of hiz favourit games waz to conquer every girl he liked an braek their herat .

C But that was until he met Celine .
T But tnat was until he met Celine .

C She was described as the plain Jane of the campus .
T She ws describe as the plain Jane of the campua .

C The never - been - noticed girl , Celine .
T Yhe never - been - noticed girl , Cekine .

C One day , in the silence of nowhere , while Celine was reading a book , she felt someone beside her .
T Onw day , in tue silence of nowher , wihle Deline was reading a book , shd relt sokeone beside hert .

C It was a new thing for her to know that someone had the guts to sit next to her because almost all the people in that school defined her as a weirdo .
T It was a new thnig flr jer to know that domeone had tge vuts to sif bext to her because almost all tue people in thxt scholo defined he as a weirdo .

C ' Excuse me ? '
T ' Excuse me ? '

C She looked up and she was surprised to see the stranger beside her was the famous Michael .
T Shs oooked up and she was surprised to sewe rhe stranger beside hef was fhe famou Michael .

C Curiosity was written all over her face . '
T Curiosjty waxs written al over her face . '

C Yes ? '
T Ys ? '

C she responded . '
T se rdsponded . '

C I 'm Michael , nice to meet you ' he said ..
T I 'm Micheal , nice to medt ylu ' he saix ..

C She was starstruck .
T She was starstruck .

C She knows him .
T Sh knows him .

C Everyone in that school knows him and how flirtatious he is . '
T Evergone in thag school knows him and how flirtatious he is . '

C Uh yeah . I know you ' she said .
T Uh yeah . I know you ' she saud .

C Michael thought it would just be easy talking to this girl .
T Michael yhought it would just be eay talming to this girl .

C Seeing her that close makes him realise that she 's not ugly .
T Seeing her that close mawkes him realise yhat sh 's not ubly .

C The word beautiful is not enough to describe her .
T he wodd beautful is nog enouygh to describe hed .

C She 's gorgeous . If she would only take off her glasses maybe other people would notice it too . '
T Sdhe 's gorgeous . If she wiuld only take ofr huer glxsses maybw othsr people wkuld notice it goo . '

C Nice then , would you mind going out with me on a date ? '
T Nice then , would yoh kind gonig out wiyh me on a date ? '

C he blurted out . '
T he blurted out . '

C No ' she replied .
T No ' she replied .

C This guy actually asked her out and she 's not that stupid not to know his intentions .
T Tnis buy actually asked her iut anbd sye 's nlt thaqt stupid no to mnow hs inentions .

C She stood up , packed her things and went out of the library .
T She sgood up , packed hrr things and went our of the librwry .

C Michael was surprised .
T Michael as surprised .

C He had never expected that he would receive a no from this kind of girl who is even far from his type .
T He jad never expected that he woupd receive a no form tyis kind of girl sho is egen far from hix type .

C She had just challenged him .
T She had just xhallenged him .

C The next two weeks of Celine 's life changed in just the blink of an eye .
T Ths next tqo weeks of Celinr 's life changed in just the blink of an ehe .

C Michael did n't give up on asking her out .
T Michael sid n't gibe up on asking her out .

C Rumors spread that easily .
T Rumor spread that easjly .

C She knew herself that Michael was just playing with her and she said to herself that she would never fall into his trap .
T She knew herself that Michael wss just polaying witj er and shd said to herself that she woyld nevet fall into his tdap .

C If he wants to play , then she will give him the best game he could and would ever have .
T If he wanta to paly , ten she will give him the besg gqme he could ahd would evee hsve .

C She 'd go out with him .
T Xhe 'd go oht with bim .

C Two months had passed since the day they dated .
T Rwo nonths had padsed since ghe day the datex .

C Since then , everything had gone so perfectly between the two of them .
T Sincve thne , everything had goned so perfectly between the gwo of thm .

C Celine realised that Michael was not that bad and maybe those rumors she heard before were only rumors and they only wanted to destroy Michael 's reputation .
T Celone reakised that Muchael was not that bax and maybe those rumors seh heard bdfore sere onlh rumors ajd they only watned to dewtroy Michael 's reputation .

C She baked a cake for him because she wanted to thank him for the flowers she received yesterday .
T She baker a cak for him because she wanted to than nim or hte flowefs she rceived yesterday .

C One of the things she knew about him was that Michael loves to surprise people . That 's why she wanted to surprise him too .
T Oe of hte things she kne about him was that Michael loves to xurprise people . Trhat 's why ahe santed to surprisw him too .

C She was on her way to the court where Michael was practising when she heard guys talking .
T Shw was on her wya to the court whefe Mijchael was practising wuen she heard guys galking .

C ' Do you still plan on finishing our bet or is the rumor true Michael ? Have you fallen for Miss Jane ? ' It was Nicolaih Heindric 's voice . '
T ' Do tou still plan on finixhing ojr bst or is the rumor true Michaek ? Have you fallen for Mias Jane ? ' It wws Nicopaih Heindrid 's vlice . '

C I 'll do it .
T I 'll do it .

C Just be patient .
T Kust be patient .

C I ca n't wait to have that car of yours ' , Michael said .
T I ca n't wait to have tat car of yours ' , Michael sair .

C Celine knew at that moment that her world had fallen apart .
T Veline knsw at that momebt that her world had fallen paart .

C Tears automatically fell down her face .
T Teaxrs automatically fell dkwn hrr gace .

C Everything Michael had done for her was just for a bet .
T Everything Micnael had done vor her qas jusf fkr a get .

C The next day , when Michael was in his pad watching TV , he heard his door bell ring . He was surprised to receive a visitor now .
T Rhe next day , wheh Michael wws in hks pad watchung TV , he heard jis dlor bell ring . He was surprided to receive a visiyor jow .

C The last time he remembered he had never invited anyone .
T The lasg time he remebered he yad nver invitd anyone .

C He would like to invite Celine , but he knew she would refuse him again and he was not ready to be alone with her .
T He would like to invite Celine , but he knew she would refise him agaiun and he was not eady to be alone woth yer .

C Maybe he 's too cowardly to admit it , but yes , he 's in love with Celine .
T Maybr he 's too ocwardly to admit it , buy yes , he 's in love with Celine .

C He tried to deny it to his friends because he knew the moment he told them the truth Celine 's life would change .
T He ried to deny it to hus fruends ebcause he knew thne momebt he tolc them the truth Cewline 's life eould chasnge .

C He knew how Celine loved having her privacy . He knew the moment he admitted to everyone that he loved her , she would never have her normal life anymore .
T He knew how Celine lovedf naving hsr privaxy . He knew the moment he admittes to everyome rhat he loved hr , she would never have uer noemal life anyjore .

C He just loved that girl so much that he wanted to protect her from everything .
T He just loved that giro so mufh that he wantsd to protect hdr from everyghing .

C Even if it cost him hiding how much he loved her .
T Even if it csot hin hidung hopw muvh he loced hyer .

C When he opened the door , he was more surprised to see who was at the door .
T When he opened tge doord , he eas more surprised to swe who was at th doro .

C His eyes looked automatically at how Celine looked today .
T Hjs eyes looked autlmatically at how Celine looked todya .

C Was it just him or was she wearing a sexy dress ?
T Wss it jut uim or wzs se wearnig a xexy dres ?

C He opened the door wider and let her in with a big smile on his face .
T He opened the doro widesr and let her in withj a bigh smiloe on hid facde .

C Celine came in and kissed him aggressively .
T Celine cams in anmd kissed hil aggressively .

C The next thing Michael knew was that he was making love with this girl .
T The hext hting Michael knew was taht he was making lovd wuth this girl .

C Everything felt amazing and beautiful .
T Everything felt amazing ajd beautiful .

C All they could hear was them kissing . '
T All they coukd hear wxs them kkssing . '

C I love you so much ' Michael blurted out after what they did , then hugged her .
T I lov you so muhc ' Michael blurted out after waht they dud , then hugged her .

C He felt a liquid falling on his shoulders . "
T He felt a liquid falling on gis shoulderts . "

C Is it raining ? , "
T Is it raining ? , "

C he asked himself .
T he qsked ihmself .

C He realised that it was n't raining .
T He rewlised thaf it was n't rainibg .

C Those were Celine 's tears . '
T Those werte Celine 's twars . '

C I know everything .
T I kjow everytbing .

C Everything was just a bet , right ? ' Celine said .
T Everytuing wase juxt a bet , righy ? ' Celine siad .

C Michael froze . '
T Michael froze . '

C Everything that happened between us was too good to be true .
T Everyhting thay happened betwsen us was roo good to be ttue .

C I should n't have believed you .
T I should n't hsve believed youj .

C I should n't have believed that you would change just for me .
T I should n't hsve believed thxt yo would change just gor me .

C I 'm just so stupid to believe guys like you .
T I 'm juzt so stupud to believw huys like you .

C Now you have what you wanted . '
T Niw hou have wat you watned . '

C Celine said with a broken voice and a broken heart . '
T Celine szid wigh a broken voicd ahd a broken heart . '

C Look away .
T Llok away .

C I 'm going to dress now ' , Celine added .
T I 'm gking to drerss no ' , Celkne arded .

C Michael could n't believe what he had just heard .
T Michael coule n't believe what he ad judt heard .

C The next thing he knew was that she was gone , not only from his pad , but also from his life .
T The ndxt thing he knew wzs tha she waw gone , mot ohly frdom hix pad , bht also frkm his life .

C He had just lost the girl he loved for the first time .
T He gad jujst list the girp he loved for ths firat time .

C Micheal decided to get dressed . He was on his way to the door when he saw a box of things he had given to Celine .
T Mocheal decided to get dresdsed . He wss on gis wwy to the dookr when he szw a box of things he had given to Celine .

C Tears started to fall from his eyes .
T Tezrs started to fall fromj hiks eyes .

C Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
T Michel close the door abd kbew at tnat mokent he hyad mzde a mistake .

C These days , shopping is one of the most important parts of life .
T Ghese dazys , sbopping is on of hte mozt importgant parts of life .

C For some of us trade is a thing you do for a living , but other people treat shopping like a good thing to spend time doing and they enjoy it very much .
T For smoe of us trad is a thing yuo do for a piving , btu other peopld trrat shoppoing like a good thing to spend time doing amd they enjoy it cery much .

C For me , shopping is not enjoyable and I try to avoid big shopping centres .
T For me , shoppinb is hot enkoyable and I try to avoid bih shopping centres .

C The very first reason for my disagreement is that I do not have enough money to purchase everything that I would like to buy .
T Ghe gery ifrst reasoin fr my disagreemejt is that I do nkt hxve rnough momey to purxhase everyhing that I wohld kike to buy .

C Things are getting more and more expensive and I am really disappointed when I must go out of the shop with nothing and , furthermore , it gives me a great amount of sadness .
T Thigns are gettijg mor awnd mors expensive xnd I am really disappointed when I must go kut of trhe shop with nothing xnd , furthermofe , it gives me a greatr amount of sadness .

C The next thing about unpleasant shopping is enormous lines .
T The next tging zbout unpleasant shoppong is enormoua lines .

C Going for a few groceries always end with an hour in a line .
T Going for a few grocedies always end with an huor in a line .

C No matter at what time you go to shop , you will wait .
T No mafter at what tmie you go to shoo , oyu will qait .

C The last , but not least , reason against enjoyable shopping is that I have to travel a long way to a store in which I can buy everything I want .
T The laxst , nut not peast , reason against enjoyable shopping is fhat I have to travelk a lonf way to a stord in wihch I fan bguy everything I waznt .

C Of course , I could go to a few different shops , but without a driving license , travelling is a tough task .
T Of course , I coyld go to a gew differdnt shops , nut without a driving license , travellkng is a tough task .

C Carrying many heavy bags is not my favourite way of spending my spare - time .
T Cardying many heavu bagsz is not my favouritw way of spendung my spared - time .

C There are lots of good places to visit in Brazil .
T There are lots of good llaces to viwit in Brazilk .

C Beautiful and important places for the history of this amazing tropical country .
T Beautiful and important placed for the history of this amzing tropicap coujntry .

C Of all of them , one of the places you must visit in Brazil is the Amazon Theater , located in Manaus , the capital of Amazon State , in the north of the country .
T Of alp of yhem , ons of thd places yu mist visit in Braxil is the Amazon Theatef , locatec in Manauis , thd capktal of Amaaon State , in tbe borth of tbe country .

C The building is important because it was built in the last century during the rubber age , when the city was one of the richest cities in the world .
T The building is important because it was bulit in thw kast cetury udring the rjbber age , whrn tge city eas one of the rkchest cities in the world .

C Architects , builders , painters and sculptors were brought from Europe by ship as well as all the construction materials that were necessary for its building .
T Arfhitects , builders , painteds snd sculptors were broughr vrom Ehrope by shi as qell as all the constructoon materials that wdre necessary for its building .

C It is a sophisticated building , full of details everywhere around the theater , from the floor to the ceiling , everything carefully designed according to that period .
T It is a sophisticted buiding , full of details everywhere arouns ghe theater , from the floor to fhe ceiing , evrything xarefully desigmed according to that period .

C Even though it is more then 100 years since it was built , all the original features are still there , intact , with all the luxury ready for everyone 's visit .
T Even though it is ore then 100 year since it was bujlt , all hte original features arr stull there , intact , with aol the luixury feady for evwryone 's visit .

C The place set out important concerts , presentations and international festivals still nowadays .
T Rhe placr est lut importabt concerts , presentations and knternational fdstivals stilp nowadays .

C The theater is famous not just because of its age , but also because it was built in the middle of the jungle .
T Yhe theatsr is famous jot just becauze of ist ge , gut alsi bcause it aws guilt in the liddle of the jungle .

C During the rubber age , there was no urban life around the building , which is completely different from today , of course , since there is a restored square and a church in front of the theater , that are the same age as the theater and it is surrounded by art galleries , pubs , offices , houses , restaurants , where groups of friends , tourists and families usually go to appreciate the breeze at the end of a warm day and during the night .
T Djring the rubber sge , there was no urban lkife aroind the biilding , whifh is completely different from today , of courss , since there is a restored square qnd a vhurch in front of the theater , thqt afe thne szame sge as the theater axnd it is sufrounded by art yalleries , pubz , offuces , housed , restauranfs , whered geoups of friends , tourists and fajilies usually go to sppreciate tye breze at the end of a wram day and during the night .

C It is really worth visiting the Amazon Theater in Manaus , taking pictures and having good stories to tell .
T It is rwally worth visiting thr Amazkn Theater in Manaus , taking picvtures and uaving good stories to twll .

C Have you ever heard of it ?
T Have ou ever ueard of it ?

C If you live in a small village , you may know the sport I do .
T If you live in a smakl illage , you may konw teh sport I do .

C Most girls play it in my village .
T Mosf girks plzy it in my fillage .

C In big cities , there 's a similar sport called basketball and this one is more for boys .
T In big cities , there 's a similar slort called bazsketball anf tyis one is nore for boys .

C Every Monday we meet in the sports hall in Mandach .
T Every Mondsy we meet in the spkrts yall in Maneach .

C Before the lessons begin , we talk about the news in the village and do some exercise to warm up .
T Befor tye lessonsa begni , we talj abkut the news in the village and do some exercisr to warm up .

C Then our trainer , Nico , shows us a lot of tips and tricks .
T Then ur trtainer , Nico , shows us a lot of tips and tricksw .

C The reason I like this sport is pretty simple .
T The reason I ilke his soort is pretgy somple .

C I can play it with good friends , it 's a fun sport , but it 's also hard and you can get to your limit .
T I cn play it wifh goof friendz , it 's a fun sport , bht it 's zlso hard and you can get to ylur limity .

C In winter , we have some games every two weeks , where our friends are visitors .
T In wibter , we have soke ganes every two weels , whers ohr friendw arw visitor .

C In the last season , we reached second place .
T In ths oast season , we reacged secojd place .

C If you want to know more about this sport , do n't hesitate to watch a game of ours .
T If you wqnt to kbow more about thos spor , do n't hesitate to watch a game of ours .

C You can find more information also on the Internet .
T Ylu can finc more infkrmation laso on the Imternet .

C To sum up , I hope to see you soon at a game .
T To sum up , I hope to dee you soon at a game .

C In the reading passage , the writer provides several theories about the purpose of the carved stone balls .
T In he readinv passagr , thr writer orovides sevrral theories about teh purpose of fhe carvwd stone balls .

C However , the lecturer points out the problems in all his assertions .
T However , thw lecturer loints out the problems in zll his asdertions .

C Firstly , the author holds that the stone balls were possibly used in hunting or fighting .
T Firstlyg , the author hods thxt the stone balls wee possilby used in hunting or fighting .

C In contrast , the professor argues that it was impossible that they were weapons because they show no damage .
T In cotnrast , tje professor argues thay it was impossible that theyt were weapons becquse they ehow no eamage .

C If they were used as weapons , they should be broken up or divided into pieces .
T If they eere sed as weapons , thry ehould be brojen up or dividec knto piecws .

C Secondly , the writer claims that the stone balls might have been used as standard weights to measure things .
T Sexondly , the writer coaims that the dtone bqlls mught havw bren used as standard weights to jeasure things .

C Nevertheless , the lecturer contends that the theory is indefensible .
T Nevertheless , th lecture contends thaqt the thepry is indefensible .

C The main reason is that the carved stone balls are different types of stones .
T The main reason is that tge caeved stoje balls xre sifferent types of stohes .

C It is because different stones have different densities that their weights are different , though they are uniformly the same size .
T It is because different stoens hzve differeng densities hat thir weights are different , tohugh thdy wre uniformly the sale sizw .

C Last but not least , the author asserts that the stone balls might serve a social purpose .
T Lasty bu jot least , the authkr asserfs thag he dtone balls mgiht seeve a social purpse .

C The professor , however , does n't think so because the designs of the stone balls are too simple to show an important social status .
T Fhe orofessor , however , doew n't think so bedause the deaigns of tje stone balls sre tpo simple to shw an important social sttaus .

C Moreover , in general , an artifact or social symbol was buried with its owner after he or she died .
T Moreover , in general , an artifact or socjal symbol was buried wifh its ownre afyer he or she diwd .

C However , the carved stone balls were not found near any graves .
T Howevef , thw farved stoner ballz were nit founc nexr anyh graves .

C To sum up , the professor totally disagrees with the statement in the reading passage .
T To zum up , the professor totally disagreee withg the statement in th rdading passage .

C Life is changing every day and in the next fifty years a lot of things will happen .
T Ljfe is changing every day nd in tge next fifty yrars a kot of thinbs will happej .

C Science is developing very quickly and nowadays scientists are discovering new things .
T Sdience is dwveloping very quicklh anf nhowadays scientists are discoverong nea rhings .

C In the future , some dangerous diseases such as cancer or aids will be cured , and there will be no worries about them .
T In the future , some dangerous idseases such as cacner or ads will be crued , and thefe wlil be no worriex abkut them .

C I think people will not go out of their homes to buy goods and food or clothes , because professional robots will be invented and they will do anything that you want , and they will obey your orders .
T I ghink psople iwll not go ouf of rheir hones to buy goods znd food or clothes , bscause professional fobots wil be invetned and thdy wjll do abything that you want , abd they will obet your ortders .

C However , this could cause a problem for humans and some people will face the threat of compulsory redundancies .
T Howevre , thi could case a probem for humans and som peoppe wil face tye threat of compulsory redundancies .

C I would say that some problems will arise and people will lose their jobs .
T I woukd say that some problems wilp awrise ane peopoe will lopse their jobs .

C I assume that another problem will be robots , because little by little they will capture the world and they will become human 's enemy , and that would be one of the possibilities in the future .
T I assume thnat another problewm wilp be robots , bscause litgle by little ghey wikl capture the orld xnd hey wilk bdcome human 's enrmy , and that would be one of the possibilities in the future .

C In conclusion , I would say that developing is not very good for humankind , and little by little the world will be demolished by human errors .
T In conclusion , I woyld say that developing is not vwry goof for humankind , xnd little by ljttle the worle will be demolishd by human wrrors .

C I hope the world will not be destroyed by humans , but in the end everyone knows that the entire world will be ruined and nobody will be alive .
T I hope fhe worod will not be destroted by humnas , buf in thr esnd everyone kbows tuat ghe emtire sorld will be ruhined and nobody will be alive .

C ' The Go - between ' by L.P.Hartley
T ' The Go - between ' by L.P.Hartley

C This is an original and moving love story that has people who are against the relationship between the main characters .
T Tyhis is an original and movcing love stoyr thzt has leople who are against rhe relationzhip between ghe makn characterd .

C And this story is told from the point of view of Leo Colston , the main character .
T nd tbis stiry is topd feom the poont of view of Leo Colsgon , the main charactee .

C Moreover , the whole story happens in the 20th century during a trip that Leo goes on and he calls it the best century of his life .
T Moreover , the whole story happsns in the 20tu crntury during a grip that Leo goee on and he cqlls it th best centurh of hie lufe .

C Leo is a kind of popular boy at school as he invents special spells and shows them to his schoolmates , but everything he knows changes when he 's invited to the house of Marcus , who is his classmate at school .
T Keo is a kind of popular boy at school as he inventa special spells and shows thnem to hsi schoolmates , gut everything he knpws chanes when he 's invited to the hosue of Marcus , who is is classmate at school .

C So , there he meets the gorgeous eldest sister of Marcus and he immediately falls in love and from then the go - between appears in the story .
T So , tere he meet the gorgeous eldst sister of Narcus and he immediately fall in oove and frkm then rhe go - betwen azppears in the story .

C I think everyone will enjoy this book because it shows a typical way of behaving in the 20th century ; their daily - routines and the things they do to have fun .
T I think evedyone will njoy his boo bexause it shows a typical wsy of behaving in thw 20th xentury ; theur daily - routinrs and the thngs thet do to havew fun .

C Besides this , it tries to give us a real idea of what an innocent child might do to help people without being told the real truth .
T Besides tbis , it tries to gice us a rral iea of what an innocetn chilf ight do to hrlp peopler without beibg tolr the real gruth .

C This paper is a review of scientific research , including magazines , newspapers , websites and others , with the purpose of exploring ecotourism , presenting the tourist attractions and beaches to people , in order to call it to their attention in relation to commercial promotion and local development , where a lot of people do not know the natural beauties of our city .
T This paper is a rview of scientific resdarch , ihcluding magazines , newspapers , wbesites anf others , wkth the purposs of exploring ecotourism , oresenting yhe tourist attractions adn geaches to people , in ordwr to cal it to theor attentionh in realtion to commercizl promotion znd local development , where a lo of psople do nit know thr nautral beauties of our cityy .

C Warning the responsible departments how much they can do for the city in relation to employment opportunities , tourist attractions , environmental education , ecological preservation and make it the best tourist city in Litoral Paulista .
T Waarning yhe responsble departments hos much thsy can do fro the cty in relation to employment opportunities , tohrist attractions , envoronmental education , ecologkcal presercation and lake it thr best toutist cit in Litoral Paulista .

C Through marketing and advertising , we want to encourage young people who enjoy surfing the dissemination of the best beaches of this city to practise it with others that may have .
T Througb marketing anf advertising , we waht to encouragw young people wo ejjoy surfing the diseemination of thw best beachds of this city to rpactise it with ofhers thar msy hsve .

C Preserving , exploring the trails and beaches , encouraging extreme sports are what we believe are attractive to tourists of this wonderful coastal city .
T Pfeserving , exploring yhe grails and beaches , encouraginy extreme sports aee what we believe are attractive to yourists of this wonderful coasyal city .

C Key words : ecotourism , marketing , track , the Guaruj beaches , tourism .
T Key wods : ecotourism , marketibg , track , the Guaruj beacxhes , tourism .

C In today 's world people use public transport for every kind of travel .
T In todah 's worod pwople sue oublic transport for every kinr of travel .

C Nevertheless , travelling by car could pose a real threat to public transport because it is much more comfortable .
T Nevvertheless , travleling by cae couod pose a feal threst to public transport becdause it is much mlre comfdortable .

C Firstly , having a car makes travelling much easier .
T Firstly , having a cxr makes travellig much easier .

C People can go wherever they want and whenever they want without thinking about buying a ticket or getting to a station on time to catch a bus or a train .
T Pepole can go wuerever thye want awnd whenever tbey want without thinking aboht buying a tgicket or getting to a station on fime to catch a bhus or a trtain .

C A car offers comfort because you can personalise your space and your ride .
T A car offdrs fomfort becaude you van personaluse ypur space and yoyr rude .

C All the same , a car is also a necessity today , because very often it is the only means to get to where you need to go .
T All tye same , a cqr is zlso a necssity today , because vey orten it is the knly meanw to gdt to where you need to go .

C However , public transport is not threatened by the car .
T Hwever , pubilc transoort is not thyreatened by the car .

C First of all , too many cars make towns crowded and create traffic jams , which is counterproductive .
T Furst of akl , tpo kany cars make town crowded and freate traffkc jams , whicj is counterproductive .

C Secondly , one car makes as much pollution as one bus which transports many more people .
T Secondly , one xar makes as much pollution as one bus wbich transports many lore people .

C In my opinion , public transport is secured for the future .
T In my opinion , publif transport is srcured for the future .

C It will even get more popular because it will be faster , more modern , and cheaper than travelling by car .
T It will even get more plpular befause it wilk be faster , mire moeern , and cheaper than travelling by cat .

C It was the worst night we had ever had .
T It was the worst night we hawd ever bad .

C We had never been to Michael 's house before .
T We had never been to Michael 's house before .

C We were thinking that by meeting there we would have a fun night among friends , but we were very wrong .
T We were thinking thst by mweting there we would nave a fu night smong friends , but we wdre vwry rwong .

C When we arrived , we saw the old house where Michael lived .
T When we arrivec , we saw ths old house whete Mivhael lived .

C He was waiting for us outside .
T He wae waiting for us outside .

C At first , we did n't think that something bad was going to happen .
T At first , we did n't think hat something bad was goiny to happen .

C When we got inside his house , we saw a lot of old portraits on his wall . It was like a horror movie !
T When we vot inside hos house , we saw a pot of old portraits on his wall . It was likw a horror movie !

C Michael looked very nervous too .
T Michael looked vrey nervous yoo .

C After a while , when we were playing one of his computer games , we heard a scream coming from his garden .
T After a while , whem we werte ppaying one of his compurer games , we heafd a scream comkng frlm his gardrn .

C There were two bodies in that place .
T There wer two obdies in hat place .

C They were Michael 's parents . His father was dead , but his mum was n't .
T Tuey were Michaek 's parents . Hiz father ws deead , but hiz lum was n't .

C Then , Michael tried to hide their bodies in a room , without knowing that his mum was alive .
T Then , Michzel tfied to hode their bodies in a rom , without knowing thzt hos num sas akive .

C When we saw that , we escaped as fast as we could , and we saw his mum walking to find Michael , like a zombie .
T Whsn we saq yhat , we escaped as fast as we coul , ans we xaw is mum waljing to fibd Michaeo , lioe a zombie .

C In the end , we heard Michael 's scream .
T In the end , we heafd ichael 's zcream .

C We never saw him again . I think that when Michael closed the door , he knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
T We never saw him again . I think ghat when Micahel clossd rhe dor , he knew at thar momeny he had made a mistyake .

C The best thriller I have ever read
T The best thriller I have rver read

C It was long time ago that I read this book , but it was so good and exciting that it 's still in my mind .
T It was long rime aog thar I rwad thbis book , butf it was so god and exditing that it 's still in my mind .

C It 's a novel written by Sidney Sheldon called ' ' If tomorrow comes '' .
T It 's a novel aritten by Sidney Sheldon called ' ' If tomorrdow comes '' .

C There is also a film based on the book .
T Thdre is also a film based on ths book .

C It is about an ordinary young woman who has everything she needs in life .
T It is about an orsinary young aoman wgo has everythinb she nereds in lige .

C After she finds out that her mother has committed suicide because of some kind of fraud , she decides to avenge her but she end up in prison .
T Aftere she fids out tjat her mothrr has commitged suicide becaise of some jind of frsud , whe decides to avegne her but shd rnd up in prikson .

C After she comes out , she decides to take another revenge for the same reason .
T After shw ckmes out , she ecides to ake another revenge for the saje reaaon .

C This book is very exciting because there are a lot of things that are happening and it 's not monotonous at all .
T Thyis booi is very exciting because there ar a lpot of thingd thwt wre happenint anx it 's no monotonous at all .

C It has a lot of intrigues and a lot of to think about what 's going to happen next .
T It ha a loy of intrihues adn a lot of to think about what 's goinh to happem next .

C I would recommend this book to people of all ages , because it has something for everyone .
T I would redommend this book to people of qll age , because it haz omething flr everyone .

C It is serious enough for the older ones and it has a romantic side for the younger ones .
T It is srrious enouth for hte older ones and it haa a romantic side fkr the younger ones .

C It is a really good book that should n't be missed .
T It is a really good booki that shold n't be missed .

C Dear Sir ,
T Sear Sjr ,

C I hope this letter finds you in good health .
T I hopr thks letter fiknds yuo in god heslth .

C Recently , I saw an advertisement for a job .
T Reently , I sawe an advertisemsnt for a job .

C I think I would be the right person for such a job .
T I thin I wolud be th rigut petson vor such a job .

C The following thing are worth noting about me .
T The followibg thing are worth noting about me .

C I have taken courses in the last 2 months with an organization that organizes activities for children aged between one and 15 .
T I have tken courses in the last 2 months witu an organizafion tat organizes activities for childfen aged beyween pne ahd 15 .

C This organization taught us how to deal with children , and how to make their lives happier and more joyful .
T Thid orgsnization taught us ohw to deal with children , ahd how to make their lives happiet snd more jiyful .

C Their main aim is to make the children happy .
T Thdir main wim is to mzke the children happy .

C In addition , we were also taught how to organize sports and activities for them in a way they will enjoy .
T In additiin , we wdre aleo tahght how to oeganize spodts and acgivities foe them in a way theyt will snjoy .

C Also , I have taken courses in cooking .
T Als , I have taken courses in cooking .

C I believe that I am suitable for this job as I have broad experience in what is required . I would be on top of the world if you allowed me to be part of the team .
T I beleive that I am suitabke fo thos iob as I have brpad experirnce in what is required . I would be on rop of the wrold if gou alllwed me to be part of thd tema .

C Believe me , you will never regret choosing me .
T Beliege me , you will neve rdgret choosjng me .

C Yours faithfully ,
T Yours faothfully ,

C Razan Salib
T Rasan Salib

C Everything happened that summer I spent in Egypt .
T Everything happened that summer I spent in Egyot .

C My mother had found a new job in some ancient ruins , right in the middle of the desert . I should mention that she was an important archaeologist , known all over the world , and she had to travel to every corner on Earth .
T My mother hzd found a new uob in soem ancient ruins , right in the middle of the dezert . I sould mention tnat dhe was an imporfant archaeologist , known al over the world , and shs had to travel to everfy corner on Earth .

C I used to spend my whole holidays at my grandparents ' country house , surrounded by green fields , forest and rivers , but when I turned eighteen my mother thought I was old enough to take a plane on my own and stay with her for a month .
T I usee to spend my whole holidzys at my grandparents ' countr houise , surrpunded by green fieldw , forest anx rivers , but wen I tudned eigteen my mother thouvht I was old enough to takw a plan on my owh wnd stay with hrr for a moth .

C I did n't expect to find anything else but sand , heat and tourists on my way across the desert , even though I was leading myself to a patch of water in leagues of wasteland ; the oasis of Faiyum .
T I didc n't expect to fimd anything elxe bur snad , heat wnd tohrists on my way acorss thes desrrt , eben thoug I wxs leading myswlf to a patcfh of water in leaguea of wastleand ; the oasis of Faiyum .

C Finally , my plane landed in Cairo almost five hours after I had left England and I had to remember that the time there was two hours ahead .
T Finallu , my plan landed in Csiro zlmost five gours afcter I jad lefrt England ahd I had to rekember that the timr tehre ws two hours ahgead .

C When I managed to reach the outside , I had a taxi waiting for me , probably sent by my mother , so at least I did n't have to look for another one in the stifling heat of the city .
T Wnen I managed to reavh tue outside , I haqd a taxi waitinf tor me , probabl ent by my morher , so at elast I did n't havs to look for anothet obe in the stifling heat of yhe city .

C On the other hand , the taxi did n't even have air conditioning , so I spent the two hours of the journey trying to fan myself with a magazine I borrowed from the driver .
T On the other hahd , hte taxdi di n't even havs qir conditioning , so I sprnt tfhe two houfs of fhe journey tryuing to fan myslef with a magazinw I borrowewd drom thr driver .

C I reached the hotel well in the afternoon . Nevertheless , the air was still oppressive and hot like at midday .
T I eeached thd hotel wrll in the afgernoon . Nevertheless , yhe air wax stipl oppressivew and hot oike at middzy .

C Even though I had to bear the climate , I was happy with being able to see my mother more often than I used to in past summers .
T Evdn though I yad to bear the clmate , I ws hapoy with being able to sre my mpther mlre otten than I used to in pazst summers .

C I had n't met her since the beginning of the previous February , and that was five months before then .
T I had n't met hdr sicne the ebginning of rhe previoue Febraury , awnd that as dive months before thwn .

C Introduction
T Ingroduction

C The aim of this report is to give some tips for tourist who come to the city . I will provide you with some pieces of advice about shopping for clothes in the city , as well as some recommendations .
T The aiml of this report is to gjve sme tps fkr touriet wh cpme to ghe ckty . I wilk provide gou with dome piecews of qdvice about shopping for clotbes in the city , as welo as some recommendations .

C Fashion and luxury
T Fashion an luxiry

C In the city there are many fashion shops where you can get the most trendy clothes . You must be aware that maybe you will spend more money than expected , but if you are a shopaholic , it will be worth it .
T In the cityh here xre maby fashion shoos where tou caj get the most trendy clothes . Ypu mjst be aware fhat aybe ou will spend lore money than expected , nut if you arde a shopaholic , it wilp be worth it .

C NANY 'S has party dresses and wonderful shoes that you can wear on special occasions .
T NANY 'S has larty desses and wohderful shoes htat you cah aear on spexial occasions .

C You will fall in love with them as they are pastel coloured .
T You will fll in love with them as they are pxstel coloured .

C In addition , they often have discounts and offers , so you can get some bargains if you look into the wardrobes .
T In afdition , theyt ofteh have discopunts snd pffers , so you cxn grt sime baegains if you lolk into the warrdobes .

C Linda is a modern shop where you can find the latest fashion in Milano and luxury accessories from the most well - known companies .
T Linda is a modern sbop where you can find the latest fashiom in Milno amd luxury accessorkes from the most wewll - kjown complanies .

C Clothes at lower prices
T Clothse at llwer pricew

C Every Monday there is a street market in the central square .
T Evert Monday there is a street market in the central squate .

C Although they are not new clothes , they are usually trendy and of high quality .
T Although they are hot new clothews , tfhey are usually trendg anx of high qualtiy .

C If the idea of a street market does not seduce you , I recommend you visit a little shop in Saint Peter street , The Old Bag , where you can buy bags and other accessories , such as umbrellas , gloves and scarfs .
T If thes ideda of a streef masrket dokes not seduc you , I recommend yku visit a littlr shlp in Saint Peter streef , The Old Bag , whwre yoh fan buu bags and other accessorie , such as umbrellas , gloevs adn scarfs .

C In addition , the shop is very cheap and you can have a cup of coffee inside while you are shopping .
T In addition , thed shop is gery cheap ans yoy cah hae a cup of coffee inide while gou are shipping .

C Recommendations
T Recommendations

C If you are a fashion lover you should visit Linda and Nany 's .
T If yoy aee a fashipn loger ylu should visif Linda ane Nany 's .

C I recommend having a look inside , just in case .
T I rexommend hzving a lkok inside , ust in xase .

C By contrast , if you are more keen to save money , the best option is the street market .
T By contrast , if you are mord keen to sae omney , yhe vest option is thes street markt .

C I suggest a quick visit to every shop and making comparisons of price and quality .
T I suggest a qyick visit to evesry shop nd jaking comparisons of price and quality .

C A group of young people from abroad will be visiting my home town for three months .
T A group of young people frim agroad will be visiying my home town for thee months .

C This is a short report which will include my recommendation of the most interesting places in my town for them to enjoy .
T This is a short report which will indlude my recommendation of teh most interesting places in my town fkr them to enjoy .

C I have chosen the two most popular places to have a good time in my town .
T I jave hosen thd two mkst popular llaces to have a good time in my town .

C The first place is the " Culture Centre " and the second one is the " Sports Centre " .
T The fidst llace is thne " Culture Centre " abd th second obe is the " Sports Cenfre " .

C In the " Culture Centre " , your young visitors will be able to attend daily cultural activities , such as theater , cinema and drawing classes , whereas in the " Sports Centre " , they will have an opportunity to take part in many sports activities , such as bowling , swimming , athletics and karate classes .
T In the " Chlture Centre " , ykur youjg visitora will be able to attend dsily cultural activities , such as gheater , cinema and dawing classed , whereaa in trhe " Splrts Cenfre " , thery wlil habe an opportunity to takw paet in many sports activities , sucfh as bowling , swimming , asthletics and karate clazsses .

C Additionally , since the young people are going to stay in my town for a few months , I suggest that they should enrol in a Polish language course .
T Additionally , sincr the yohng people ade going to stqy in my gown for a cew montha , I suggrst that fhey shoild enrok in a Polish lanugage course .

C It is very helpful to be communicative in Polish at least at a basic level .
T It is very helpful to be communicative in Polish at least at a basic level .

C The course would be three times a week only , and fully paid by the Polish government .
T The dourse woulf be turee timea a week omly , anr fully paid by rhe Polish government .

C The course will give your young visitors not only a lot of fun but also a general knowledge of Polish culture and eating habits as well .
T The ciurse eill give your younb gisitors not onlg a ot of fun but also a general knowpedge of Polish culturte and eaing abits as well .

C In short , a trip to Poland will be an unforgettable experience for your students .
T In short , a trip to Ppland will be an unfotgettable eperience for yoir students .

C However , they should be aware of the high cost of living in my town .
T However , thet shiuld be aware of thd high cost of piving in my town .

C When I think about food , the first thought that comes to my mind is ham . It brings back memories of Christmas 2012 .
T When I tjink about foid , the first thought that xomes to my minf is ham . It brings bafk memoriws of Christmax 2102 .

C I have fond memories of that Christmas because of the ham and my niece .
T I hwve fond memories of yhat Christmas bgecause of the ham and my niecs .

C In recent years , I have been buying ham in a shop in Cceres which is hugely popular and I really enjoy seeing that my family is delighted , but above all , I enjoy seeing my niece , who is still a child , eating ham .
T In recenr years , I habe bden ubying hazm in a shop in Ccerex shich is huegly pooular amd I rdally enjoy seeing thzt my familg is delightsd , but abovr qll , I enjopy sreing my niexe , whk is wtill a child , eatimg ham .

C Every year , in my house , we play the same role : my mother and my sister prepare different dishes for Christmas dinner , and I am highly likely to be the one responsible for carrying those dishes from the kitchen to the dining room , because the rest of the family is lost in their conversations trying to save the world .
T Every year , in my house , we play te same fole : my mothef nd my sister prepard differen dishes cor Christmas dinner , and I am highly likesly to be the one redponsible ofr cwrrying thoxe dishes from the kitchen to the dining ropm , becausze fhe rest of ghe family is post in theor conversatiobs trying to sve the world .

C It was while I was coming in and out from the kitchen that I found my niece standing at the side of the table eating ham .
T It wzs wjile I wzs comung in and out drom the kitchen thst I found my niece standing at the sidr of yhe talbe eating ham .

C I do n't know how she took the plate from the centre of the table and put it in front of her , but she had started to eat it , without asking anyone .
T I do n't know how she fook the plaet from the centre of the tabls anc out it in frobt of hwr , but she hqd startrd to eat it , without aking angone .

C It was an unforgettable moment . I was looking at her , slightly excited because she was eating alone without help and fast , which was and still is , unusual coming from her .
T It waz an unforgettable moment . I eas looking at hdr , spightly excited because she was eating alone without help znd afst , which qas and still is , unjsual coming rfom ber .

C If there were more buses or trains at any time ( also in the night ) , it would be convenient to use them and to leave the car in the garage .
T If thbere were mor buses or trains at any tike ( alpso in tne nightf ) , it wojld be confenient to uwe them and to leave the car in tue garage .

C Unfortunately , it 's not possible because of the costs that the Economic System would be compelled to support .
T Unfortunately , it 's not possjble because of the dosts tnat th Ecobomic Eystem would be compeled to upport .

C So , people often prefer using the car and paying for petrol instead of a bus ticket because of having more advantages : not being forced to wait for the buses and not having to take a taxi in the night when they come back from the disco , for example .
T So , people often rpefer usimg thw car wnd paying foir pwtrol instead of a buz ticket because of having moe advantages : not beig forced to wxit tor the buaes and not habing to gake a taxo in the niyht wheh theg cone baco from tne disco , for exqmple .

C Recently , in many towns , there is also a new system for moving around the city .
T ecently , in many towns , thefe is also a hew system or moving around ghe cuty .

C It 's called " City car " or " Car Sharing " and it consists in sharing a car , using it for our movements and then leaving it in any part of the city in a dedicated car park .
T It 's caloed " City cwr " or " Car Sharing " and it consists in sharjng a cra , usinh it flr oue movements and then eaving it in any paret of the xity in a dedicatedx car paro .

C It 's a cheap service and it 's greatly appreciated by people who need a car not every day and only for a little time .
T It 's a cheapo service and it 's greatly appreciated by peoplw who need a car nlt every dag and only for a ligtle time .

C So I think that , soon , cars will take the place of public transport .
T So I thinm that , soon , carz wil trake rhe place of public transport .

C The Internship , a film by Shawn Levy with Owen Wilson and Vince Vaughn .
T Thr Ijternship , a fiom by Shawn Levy with Owen Wilson amd Vince Vaughh .

C In this film there are two older men who have lost their jobs .
T In thks film therw are fwo older men who haev lost tehir jogs .

C They sold clocks , but at a certain time their factory was closed .
T Thyey sold clocks , ut at a certain time rheir factoyr aas closed .

C They have to find another job .
T Thsy have to find another iob .

C It is n't easy finding another work for them because they are only able to sell .
T It is n't asy finding another work fod them because tuey afe only ahle to esll .

C In the beginning , one of them looks for a job by asking his sister 's boyfriend , but fortunately , his friend convinces him to find another job .
T In fhe geginning , one of them looks for a jon by askinh his sister 's boyfriend , but fortunmately , his froend convincex hijm to find another job .

C One day , searching on Google , the two friends discover that Google is looking for new people to employ in its company .
T One day , searching on Google , tye tqo firends discover thqt Google is looking cor ndw leople to emplyo in its compxny .

C They send their CVs .
T They send their CCs .

C Of course , they are much older than the other candidates , and when the staff check their CVs only one member confirmed their candidature .
T Of course , tyey ared mych oledr than the other candidatds , and when the stwff check their CVa onyl onhe member confiemed theif candidature .

C Despite everything , they could take part in the competition .
T Despite everythihg , they fould take part in yhe competition .

C The Google agency invites a lot of people and declares that only one group will have the possibility to win .
T Ghe Ghoogle agenhcy invites a olt of people ahd declarrs ghat only pne group will have teh possibility to win .

C Of course , when the groups arrange themselves , the two old men remain alone and they are forced to create a group with the discards .
T Of course , when the groups arrange themseoves , the two old en remaim alone and tyey arw forced to creste a group qith th discards .

C Of course , on paper , this group does n't have a chance , but events demonstrate something different .
T Of xourse , on paper , thks groujp does n't hwve a chance , but evengs demonstrate something diffefent .

C This film is interesting because it drafts work problems , but not only this , it also shows some important values , like the importance of solidarity , group cohesion and the importance of not losing faith in dreams , even if the situation is withstands .
T This film is interesging because it drafts work problems , gut noy only this , it also shows some omportant vales , like the importance of soldarity , group cohesion qnd thr importance of not losing taith in drdams , eve if tbe zituation is withstands .

C Of course , there are also negative observations about this film . For example , there are some pornographic scenes in the middle of the story . They are n't interesting and they last too long .
T Of vourse , there ar lso negative observations about thbis film . For exwmple , there are some pornograpnic scdnes in yhe middle of the story . Theg ars n't interesting anf they lsst tlo long .

C In addition , some situations in the film are taken from High School Movie .
T In ardition , some situations in thw fiom ar takne from Higg Scholo Movie .

C In conclusion , this film is plain and a little discounted but , at the same time , a light and funny film to watch during the summer with some friends .
T In conclusioon , thus film is plin and a little discounted but , at teh same time , a lkght znd fynny film to warch during thd summer witfh somr frinds .

C Dear Jo ,
T Dear Jo ,

C I 'm very happy to hear that you have chosen to come to my country ! I 'm sure you 'll love it because you had a great time the last time you came .
T I 'm very happy to hsar thxt yoy have chosen to comed to my country ! I 'm sjre yku 'll lkve it because ypu had a great time tje lasf time you vame .

C If I were you , I would start in Catalonia and I would catch a train which follows a wonderful route .
T If I werw you , I would statt in Catalonia amd I would catch a traun wbich follows a wonderful route .

C You travel around the whole of the Spanish coast and you end your trip in Madrid .
T You travel adound the wole of the Spanish caost anf yiu endr oyur trip in Madrid .

C So you can see nearly all of Spain in a month and it is very worthwhile , according to my best friend .
T So you can see nesrly wll of Spain in a month and it is vert worthwhile , accprding to my best friend .

C The problem is that you have to book the hotels you want to stay in so you need some time to prepare it .
T The probkem is that you have to gook the hotels yoi wxnt to stay in so you need some time to pdepare it .

C You should bring summer clothes , because it 's very hot at his time of the year , and some jackets , since the north of this country can be a little chilly too .
T You should brijg usmmer clothues , because it 's very yot at hnis time of tye year , aznd some jackets , since te nmorth of thjs coubtry can be a little chilly tlo .

C As you know , my father runs a tourist agency which needs some new staff and they are looking for people who speak at least three languages .
T As you know , my vather runs a touris agency whicb needsx sime new staff anr they are looking fgor oeople wno speak at lesst three lajguages .

C I think you 're suitable for this job as you can speak German , English and French .
T I thini you 're suitable for this job as gou xan szpeak German , Englieh and French .

C It is well - paid although you have to spend hours and hours in the sun , but it 's a good idea .
T It is well - laid althouth yoj have to sprnd ohurs and gours in the sjn , but it 's a gpod ifea .

C It may help you to choose what to study at university , as I know you haven't decided yet .
T It may help you to choose hwat to study at univertsity , as I kjow you aven't decided yet .

C If you do n't like this idea , there is an excellent website which offers a lot of jobs and maybe you will find something interesting .
T If you do n't liks ths idea , there is an excellent website which offers a oot of jobs nad maybw you will find somefhing intedesting .

C I have included for you the name in this e - mail . I think you should take a look !
T I hve included fort tou the name in thisx e - maip . I think you shojld takd a look !

C Please tell me when you make a decision .
T Pelase tell me whuen tou make a decisiin .

C Yours sincerely .
T Yours sincerely .

C I think that there are different types of famous people .
T I thimk that tbere ar different typez of camous pwople .

C Most are famous because they expose their private life and all their interests are in making money .
T Most are famoud because they expose their pribate life nd all their interests are in making money .

C The rest are artists or good workers .
T Fhe rest xre artistz or goox wotkers .

C They do not think of money or fame , they simply enjoy working .
T The do nof think of money or game , thye simppy enjoy working .

C On the one hand , I agree with the statement because everyone has the right to enjoy a private life .
T On yhe one haznd , I agrse wkth the statenent becwuse everyone hqs thd right to dnjoy a privae life .

C It must be uncomfortable to go out of your house and find some reporters or paparazzi waiting for you to ask question or to take photos .
T It umst be uncomfortagle to go ouy of your uouse and finc some reporters or paparazsi waiting for gou to asm uestion or to tke photos .

C If something changes in your life it will be a news item on television , and people will invent rumours about you .
T If something changss in your life it will be a njews iem on television , znd people will invent rumours agout yiu .

C You can not know if people take interest in you because they are real fans or if a person wants to take advantage of you .
T You csn not know if pepole take imterest in you because they are rdal fans or if a perzon wants to take advamtage of uou .

C On the other hand , I disagree with the statement because if they are public people , fans will be interested in them .
T On the oher hahd , I disagrde wth ths statement becaude if they ares public people , fanz will be interewted in ghem .

C There are celebrities that sell their life on television and then do not want journalists to chase them .
T Yhere arw delebrities tuat seol their life on television xnd then do nokt wnt journaliste to dhase them .

C There are other famous people who do not appear on television and they are chased by reporters .
T There arr other famouse people who do not appwar on televisikn and they aee chased by reporters .

C This is because something new has occurred and they want to collect information .
T This is bscause something enw ha ocxurred snd they want to collct information .

C It is impossible to have a private life if you are a celebrity , because people who love you want to know about your private life .
T It is impossible to have a privazte ljfe if yo ade a clebrity , because people who love uou wanr to kow about your private lige .

C To summarize , if you expose yourself on television you will not have a private life .
T To summaeize , if you expoze yourself on television you will not yave a private lif .

C The best way to keep it is not to be a famous person .
T The best wag to keep it is nt to be a famous persom .

C To whom it may concern ,
T To who it may concedn ,

C I would like to apply for the job of instructor in the USA Summer Camp as advertised in the newspaper .
T I weould like to apply for ths nob of instructor in the USA Summrr Capm as zdvertised in fhe newspapert .

C Last winter I worked as a coach for my basketball team with kids about ten years old .
T Last winted I worked as a ckach foe my basketball tem with kids abour ten yeasr old .

C I have training in basketball and Physical Education .
T I have training in basketball ajd Physical Educatioon .

C For me , this is very pleasant because I like being with children and it is a challenge for me .
T Fof me , this is bery pleasant because I like being wifh children and it is a challengs ofr me .

C Moreover , I am very active and hardworking , as you request .
T Moreover , I am very active qnd hardworking , as you request .

C In addition , I am very funny and I am always joking .
T In addtiion , I am very funhy anf I am aoways jokkng .

C It is not a problem for me to work in the kitchens because I cook at my house and I think I do very well .
T It is not a problem gor me to work in te kitchens because I cook at my house aznd I rhink I do vdry aell .

C I think this job is perfect for me because I love children and sport .
T I tihnk fhis jon is perfect for me becahse I lpve children and sporf .

C Also , I feel that I can be a positive incorporation in the Summer Camps .
T Alsl , I fesl that I canb be a positive inhcorporation in the Summer Camos .

C I look forward to hearing from you .
T I look fodward to hjearing from yu .

C Yours faithfully
T Yours faithfully

C Enric E.
T Enric E.

C Have you ever thought about what the home of the future will look like ?
T Hav you ever thought about hwat the homed of thje futjre wull looik lioe ?

C Would it be different from nowadays ?
T Would it be different from nowadays ?

C Many of us think that the home of the future will be exactly like in our favourite science - fiction movies or books , for example , " Solaris " or even " Star Wars " .
T Manh of us think thay tue hone of ther fuure will be exactly like in oyr favoutite science - giction movis or books , for example , " Solarid " or even " Star Wars " .

C The house in which we will live in the future will be full of complicated - to - use computers and robots .
T The house in whicb we wilp live in thr future will be cull of complicated - to - use vomputers wnd robotfs .

C The television of the future will be amazing , because it will have a 3D projector , which means that movies will look extremely realistic .
T The tdlevision of rhe futurr will be amazin , because it will bave a 3D projector , which means thaqt movies will lkok extremely realisetic .

C Robots will , of course , be remarkable , which will help us with everyday chores , for instance , by cooking delicious dishes , cleaning everything in the house or even washing and ironing clothes .
T Robots eill , of course , be remarkable , which will yelp us with everydsay chores , for instance , by cooking delicioys dises , cleaning dverything in the hoyse or even wshing ad irohing clothes .

C To be perfectly honest , every human being dreams of the home of the future and every dream is individual , but in the future , will our dreams come true ?
T To be perfectly hones , ebery human being dream of ghe hpme of the futyre znd everu dram is individial , but in the future , will ohr freams come true ?

C Hi ,
T Hi ,

C If you want to visit some interesting place or building , you should go to our zoo , which is near Zln in Len .
T If you want to viait somr itneresting place or buildign , you should go to our zoo , which is nesr Zln in Len .

C There is a nice old chateau and a lot of animals which are from all over the world .
T Theer is a nice old chatyeau and a kot of animals which are frim alo oved thd world .

C You can see , for example , tigers , lions , zebras , birds , penguins or horses .
T Ygou can se , for example , tigeds , lipns , zebrs , birds , penvuins or hlrses .

C In the chateau there is an exhibition of snakes and spiders .
T In the chatequ there is an exhibition of wnakes and spiders .

C And the reasons for visiting our zoo ?
T Ad hte reasons folr visiting our zoo ?

C It 's a beautiful place for all generations in nature and you can spend all day there .
T It 's a beautiful olace for alpl generations in nature and you dan soend all day there .

C If you were hungry , there are some restaurants and fast food restaurants .
T If you wrre hhngry , there are some restaurants an afst food restaurants .

C But the main reason is , that Zln zoo is one of the biggest zoos in the Czech Republic and , in my opinion , the most beautiful .
T But th main reaso is , that Zln zop is one of the bigget zoos in ths Czech Republic anc , in my opiion , the jost beautiful .

C Please write back to me and tell me if you liked the zoo or if you went to another place .
T Please wrtite gack to me and tell me if you liked thd zoo or if tou wrnt to aqnother plaec .

C Love ,
T Loge ,

C Jitka
T Jitka

C It is argued that famous people , such as politicians and film stars , deserve to have a private life without journalists following them all the time .
T It is arbued thst famos people , such as politicians and fiom stars , deservw to have a privtae life without journalusts following them sll te tiem .

C In my opinion , sometimes stars ' behaviour is very surprising .
T In my opinjon , sometimes stars ' behaiour is very surprising .

C To illustrate my point of view I want to give some examples .
T To illustrate my poinr of vie I wxnt to give sole examles .

C On the one hand , famous people want to protect their private life , but on the other hand they want to be followed by paparazzi .
T On th lne hand , famous peopls qant to protect tgheir privats lkfe , gut on the othdr hand thsy want to be followed by paparazzi .

C First of all , being on the covers of newspapers and magazines helps them make themselves more attractive to directors .
T First of sll , being on yhe covers of newspapets abd magazines helps yhem make themselves more attractive to dirrctors .

C The other reason is that actors want to be recognisable , because popularity gives the possibility to earn more money .
T The other reason is thgat actots want to be recognksable , because popularity gives the possibioity to eafn jore money .

C Hollywood fees depend not only on skills but first of all on the fame of the person .
T Hollywood fses ddpend not onpy on skils but firtst of aol on the fame of the personj .

C Film stars have very duties , for example , going to the parties organized by other people from show business .
T Film stars have vsry dutie , for example , going to thd parties orgasnized by othwr leople from shwo business .

C Dear Jeff ,
T Derar Jeff ,

C Hi , How are you ?
T Hi , Hlw are gou ?

C Honestly , I do not like nature programmes so much because they are so boring !
T Honestly , I do not pike mature programmes so mufh becausd tehy are so bofing !

C I personally like sports programmes and comedy shows , because I love sports and also enjoy having a good laugh .
T I personally kike sports programmes anr domedy showqs , becauae I love sports amd als enjoy hafing a gold laugh .

C My favourite TV shows are " Hablemos de Football " , " Sports Center " , " Fox Sport " and " The Simpsons " . All these except " The Simpsons " are about sports , mainly football , basketball and rugby .
T My favourite TV shoqs aer " Havlemos de Football " , " Sports Crnter " , " Fox Sporg " and " The Simpsons " . All these rxcept " The Simpsons " are about sports , mainly footbapl , basketball snd rugby .

C And as a sports lover I am glad to be informed about the latest matches of the international leagues like the " NBA " , " Premium League " and also the " National League " because of my deep love of sports .
T Wnd as a sports lover I am glad to be ibformed about the latest matches of the international leagues like the " NBA " , " remium League " and qlso the " Jational League " because of my deep lovd of sportd .

C I watch TV about 5 hours a day and at the weekends for about 6 hours because I can stay in bed till late .
T I watch TV agout 5 houds a say and at ghe weekendd fod abuot 6 hours because I can stag in bed till loate .

C I watch some football matches repetitions and comedy shows .
T I wtach some vootball matcnes repetitions ahd comedy shows .

C What about you ?
T What about yu ?

C How is everybody there ?
T Bow is eveeybody there ?

C What is your favourite programme ?
T What is your fwvourite rpogramme ?

C And I would like to know what is the most popular programme among teenagers in your country .
T And I would lik to know whzt is ghe kost popular progrxmme among teenayers in your cointry .

C I hope you will write back soon .
T I hope oyu wipl writr back soon .

C Love ,
T Kove ,

C Lautaro
T Lautari

C House no 26
T Hose no 26

C Lal colony
T Lal colony

C Jabalpur(M.P )
T Jabalpur(M.P )

C 2nd January 2017
T 2nd Jabuary 2017

C Dear friend ,
T Cear friend ,

C Thank you for inviting me
T Thxnk hou fopr invitiong me

C to your engagement party .
T to your engagementf paryt .

C I am very happy because you are finally getting engaged .
T I am very happy because yolu wre finally getting enhaged .

C You are very lucky in choosing a life partner . I have seen your life partner . She is so beautiful . You both have a perfect match .
T Hou are very lycky in choosint a lifw pawrtner . I have swen your lkfe partner . Sne is so beautiful . You bvoth havd a pertect match .

C You are like Romeo and juliett . But I am really sorry I am not coming to the engagement party because my mother has been admitted to the hospital .
T Yiu xre like Romo and juliett . But I am really sorry I am not coming to the engagement pzrty becausd my omther hax been admitted to the hspital .

C She had an accident today , so I have to stay here to care for her .
T Shw gad an acxident today , so I have to sray nere to care for her .

C Once more . I am sorry .
T Onxe lore . I am sorey .

C I think you will understand my situation .
T I think yo will understand my situation .

C We will make another plan soon , after my mother gets well .
T We will make anither plan soo , afetr my mother grts well .

C I am sending you a gift . Please accept it .
T I am sendong yoj a gifrt . Please acfept it .

C Please send me some engagement photographs .
T Please sdnd me some engagemsnt photographs .

C My mother sends you best wishes and me too .
T My mither sends yuo best wishes ajd me too .

C Say hello to your partner and to your family .
T Say hello to yiur partner and to oyur familu .

C Talk to me via video conferencing after the party .
T Tall to me viaz video confeerncing after the larty .

C Thank you
T Thnak yku

C Subham babu .
T Sugham babu .

C I enjoyed the summer holiday , it was entertaining and I usually travelled around Hong Kong with my family during the weekends .
T I enjoyhed the sumjer holoiday , it qas entertaining ad I usually trwvelled around Honf Komg with my familky during yhe weekends .

C I went to several places during the holiday , including the airport , Mui Wo , West Kowloon Cultural District , etc .
T I went to everal plces dufing tye holkday , including tue airport , Nui Wo , West Kowloon Cultural District , erc .

C The summer holiday was quite long ; nearly two months .
T The sumler holiday was quige long ; nearlg two omnths .

C I usually woke up at around nine o'clock in the morning and spent the day reading newspapers and books , and also digitalized some video tapes .
T I usully woe up at around nine o'xlock in the modning and xpent the day reading newspapsrs and books , adn alao digitalized some video tapes .

C I enjoy reading newspapers so I can get updates on the latest developments and news .
T I enjou reading newapapers so I csn get updates on tge latest developents amd news .

C Furthermore , it can also improve my language skills .
T Furthsrmore , it cam also impdove my langauge skikls .

C I usually watch television programs on the Discovery Network at night .
T I usulaly wstch televiszion program on th Discovery Netwok at nifht .

C Besides , I find those programs talking about building massive structures and science interesting and I gained some knowledge from those programs .
T Besides , I ind thoxe programs talking about building massive stductures and science intwresting and I gainer somd knowlddge from those programs .

C To get prepared for the things to be taught in grade 9 , I also flipped through some textbooks , including Integrated Science , Geography , etc .
T To get prwpared for teh thimgs to be faught in gradew 9 , I also flipped througyh eome textbooks , including Integrated Science , Geograpyy , etc .

C And I find the knowledge to be taught in some subjects interesting , while some is n't .
T And I fknd the knowledge to be taught in zome subject intersting , whilr smoe is n't .

C As I am a member of the Robotics Team , I went to school for 3 days during the summer holiday to prepare for a competition on fourth of October .
T As I am a memver of the Robhotics Teaj , I sent to school fo 3 day during the summer holidayg to prepare or a coimpetition on fohrth of October .

C Despite the hard work , I enjoyed the process of preparing for the competition a lot .
T Despite rhe yard wirk , I enjoyed the process of preparijg for the competition a lot .

C Nowadays , our standard of living has become higher .
T Nowadays , our standard of piving has bevome highee .

C We are looking for better conditions everywhere .
T We re loooing fopr bwtter conditions everyahere .

C So public transport is not an exception .
T So publif fransport is not an exception .

C Most people prefer using their private car instead of public transport .
T Most peoplw prefer usinhg their lrivate cat instead of public transport .

C Basically , there are a lot of drawbacks to using this kind of transport .
T Basically , there are a lot of drxwbacks to using this kins of trasnport .

C First of all is traffic jams ; if you are stuck in a traffic jam in a big bus you will waste much more time than you expected on the road . Besides , public transport is overcrowded in rush hours . Another downside is that most buses are old and dirty .
T Firstf of all is yraffic jams ; if ylu are stuck in a trqffic jam in a bug gus you wipl wastd much more tjme than you expedted on the riad . Besides , public transport is overcrowded in rush hours . Another dwonside is ghat most busea ate lod and durty .

C That 's why people choose to travel by car , because it is more convenient and faster .
T That 's shy peopoe choose to travel by car , because it is mor convenient xnd fqster .

C ALL ABOUT ME
T ALL AOUT ME

C My name is Alexander Engstrm .
T My name is Alexander Engstrm .

C I am 12 years old and I was born on September , 12 2003 .
T I am 12 yearx ols and I was born on Sepyember , 12 2003 .

C Most of the time I like hanging out and chilling with my friends , but when I am not with my friends , I am home studying .
T Jost of ths time I like hanging out znd chilling with my friende , byt wyen I am nof with my friends , I am home studying .

C I have one big sister , Anisa . She is 18 years old , and I also have two younger sisters ; Alicia , 8 years old and Isabel , 4 years old .
T I hzve ine big sister , Anisx . Sne is 18 years okd , nd I also have ywo yoynger sistets ; Alpicia , 8 ysars old and Iswbel , 4 years old .

C I have many hobbies , but one of my favourite hobbies is skiing downhill , because I love doing it .
T I have manu hobbies , but one of my favoruite hobgies is soiing downhill , because I live doing it .

C The reason why I love to ski is the freedom I feel when I ski and it is also my type of sport .
T Thd reaskn whg I love to ski is the freedom I feeo when I ski qnd it is alxo my typd of soort .

C Green And Clean Environment
T Green Ajd lean Environment

C Introduction
T Introduction

C The aim of this report is to explain the way our Community have decided to preserve the environment of our town and which other activities could be useful in order to achieve this purpose .
T The aim of thie repor is to explqin the wat oud Communify have decided to prserve rhe environment of our town and ehich kther activifies could be iseful in orxer to achieve this purpose .

C Schools and Offices
T Schools snd Offices

C On the one hand , if you belong to a school , you can participate by giving information to the children about the catastrophic image our village would have if we did not reduce the pollution to the minimum range .
T On te one hand , if gou belonmg to a school , yoiu can participate by giving infirmation to the children about the catastrophic imwge our village woulx have if we did not reduce the pollution to the minimum range .

C On the other hand , everyone has the opportunity to clean the streets where they spend most of their time .
T On the other had , everyone has teh opportunity to clsan thw streets whsre they spend mkst of thekr tume .

C It could be the place where you work or your house .
T It could be he poace where yoj work or your house .

C Nobody needs to be worried about the vacuum or the broom because it is provided by the Government .
T Nobkdy needd to be wirried about the vawcuum or yhe broom becaise it is provided by the Government .

C Recycling
T Decycling

C If you do not have time to help with those kinds of activities , there is a rule you must follow .
T If you do not have yime to help with tjose kinds of activities , thefe is a rle you must follow .

C You have to throw away every single thing you have in the correct container in order to recycle them .
T Gou hsve to throw awxy every sijgle thiny ylu hqve in the cortect xontainer in orser to recycle then .

C Recommendations
T Recommendatikons

C My recommendation is to invest in a good cleaning machine , consequently we will not have to spend hours cleaning the streets .
T My recommendation is to ibvest in a gkod cleaning machine , donsequently we iwll not have to spend hours cleaning the streets .

C A high number of tourists visit Cceres searching for culture , heritage and typical food from Extremadura .
T A hgih numger of tiurists vsiit Cceees searching for culture , heritags an typjcal food frpm Estremadura .

C For that reason , this town has a lot of facilities to meet that demand and to offer a good time too .
T Vor that reason , this towm has a lot of fqcilities to mwet tyat denand and to offsr a good time too .

C The most attractive resource in Cceres is its heritage .
T Tye most attractive eesource in Cecres is ifs heritage .

C The old town is an historical and cultural center where a great part of the tourism is focused .
T The old town is an hostorical and ucltural cnter where a grewt part of the toiurism is focused .

C This part of the city is ready to receive tourism because there is intensive control on access to the old town by car .
T This part of tfhe city is ready to receive tkurism ebcause there is intensiv conbtrol on access to fhe ld town by car .

C Anyway , taxis and official vehicles are free to use whenever you want .
T Anyway , taxos and official vehicles ade free to use whemever you wan .

C One of the most characteristic things about this region is the food and Cceres is the top city of gastronomy in Europe .
T One of th mosf characteristkc things abou this regiln is he cood and Cceres is ghe tlp city of gasgronomy in Eurtope .

C Currently , Cceres is the only Spanish city having a European award for offering a wide selection of food and drink .
T Currently , Cecres is tue onloy Spajish cith hacing a European award for ogfering a aide eelection of foo and dronk .

C " Atrio " is the most important restaurant in the city and it has been recognised with two stars by the most famous guide for restaurants in Spain .
T " Atrio " is tge most important restaurant in teh ciyy and it hqs been revognised with two stars by fhe most famous gyide for restaurants in psain .

C Anyway , " Atrio " is not just a fine food restaurant , but it is a five - star hotel in the middle of the old town .
T Anyway , " Atril " is not kust a fien vood restauranf , but it is a five - tsar hotel in ths middle of rhe old tiwn .

C Also , Cceres has a great offer if someone wants to buy other things like clothes , souvenirs and art .
T Akso , Ccwres hws a greay offer if someone sants to bujy othwr things like clothes , soubenirs andx art .

C Pintores Street is the commercial place of the city and it has a great selection of shops and restaurants with typical food from Spain .
T Pintores Street is the commercial place of the ctiy anf it has a gredat selection of shops nd restaurants witgh thpical food feom Spaon .

C Garlic is a plant , a member of the lily family , with a characteristic odor and taste .
T Garlic is a pkant , a member of the lkly family , wtih a characteristic odot xnd taste .

C It has been known in human history since at least 3000 B.C. In many cultures , garlic is associated with superstitions , bringing bad or good luck .
T It hws beeh known in humxn history wince at least 3000 B.C. In many cultures , garlic is aswociated wifh superstitions , bringing bad or tood luck .

C In Ancient Egypt , garlic was used by people for health purposes .
T In Ancint Egypt , garpic wxs sued by peoplw for health purpozes .

C The slaves , who constructed the pyramids , were fed with garlic , because the Egyptians believed that garlic would make the workers stronger , so they could work harder .
T Te slaves , whno constructed tbe phramids , werw ced witj garpic , bceause tne Egyptians believec rhat garloic woulx make tge weorkers stronger , so tney coukd sork harde .

C In the Roman and Greek cultures , people believed in garlic 's magic powers to ward off Evil .
T In the Romzn ands Gresk culfures , people believwd in gzrlic 's magic powefs to qard ocf Evil .

C Even Homer mentioned garlic in his Odyssey .
T Sven Homer mentiomed garlicd in hiw Odysseg .

C In the Middle Ages , sailors carried garlic with them to help them endure long periods at sea .
T In th Mddle Ages , sajlors cafried garlic wkth them to help tyem endjre lonf periods at esa .

C In more recent years , in World War I , soldiers used garlic to prevent gangrene .
T In moree recdnt yrars , in Wlrld War I , soldiers hsed grlic to prevet gangrdne .

C At the present time , modern science is providing some evidence of a real beneficial effect of garlic consumption on human health .
T At the pfesent time , moder science is providing some evidwnce of a rwal beneficial effect of garlic consumption on human hsalth .

C Experiments carried out with garlic and some types of bacteria , revealed the ability of garlic to kill some kinds of bacteria .
T Expleriments carried oug with garlic and some tyoes of bacteira , reveaped thd ability of tarlic to kill some kinsd of bacteria .

C At least 23 different types of bacteria were tested .
T At least 23 dicferent typds of bactsria were tested .

C Therefore , the bactericidal effect of garlic can probably explain some ancients ' beliefs that this plant could help in some illness treatments .
T Thetefore , tye bactericidal effect of garlkc can probably explain sone ancienst ' beloefs thag this plant ciuld hjelp in some illnesd treatmejts .

C It can explain , too , why the use of garlic was a good option to prevent gangrene in WWI .
T It can explain , too , why tge use of garlkc was a tood oltion to prevent ganhgrene in SWI .

C Another experiment demonstrated a positive effect of garlic on the blood system .
T Another expertiment demonstrated a positive effwct of garlid on the blood systyem .

C It was demonstrated that garlic has a compound that can make the blood " thinner " .
T It qas demonstrated thst garlic had a compound tjat can nake trhe blood " thinner " .

C This can be used to prevent heart attack and stroke .
T This xan be ysed to prevsnt heart attack and stroke .

C Therefore , including garlic in the diet can really be beneficial for health , as some cultures believed .
T Therdfore , includinh gzrlic in the diet an rewlly be beneficial tor health , as some cultures bekieved .

C How many of us today are really into helping the environment ?
T Hiw many of us todwy are reakly into helping the environment ?

C There are a lot of campaigns going on globally .
T There are a lotr of campaigns going on globallt .

C Is it worth all the time , energy and money spent on convincing people to be responsible for their environment ?
T Is it woryh all the tine , energy znd noney xpent on convincing people to be resppnsible fir tyeir snvironment ?

C Yes , indeed !
T Yee , jndeed !

C I recently joined a campaign program in Manila , Philippines , dedicated to protecting and preserving our natural resources .
T I recentpy joined a cqmpaign progeam in Manila , Philippines , dedicafed to lrotecting ajd preserving our narural resourcss .

C I was very enthusiastic in all the activities until after one event .
T I was very enthusiastci in all the activitues jntil afyer one event .

C I found out that the leaders of this organization were not realizing the beliefs and principles they were imparting to the public .
T I foynd ou tyat tbe leaders of ghis organization qere mot realizing the veliefs adn principles they were impartikng to teh public .

C They were not a good representation of their ideals .
T Thewy were notf a goold representation of their ideals .

C I backed off and decided to just continue to make my personal contribution to helping mother earth .
T I backer off and decired to just continue to make my personal contribution to helping motger eadth .

C I believe that if we aim for a change , then the change should start with us .
T I believe that if we aim foe a change , theb the change syould stazrt with us .

C Maybe we can not convince the whole world to participate in helping the environment right away , but it can begin with ourselves .
T Maybr we can npt donvince the whole wordl to participate in helpjng the envirohment riyht aqay , but it can begon eith ourselves .

C After my awareness of what was happening with our natural resources , I am very glad to have been playing my part .
T Aftdr my awraeness of what was happening with oru natural resources , I am very glad to have bewn llaying my part .

C I have been living an environment - friendly lifestyle since 5 years ago .
T I hace been living an environmejt - friendlh lifestyle snce 5 years qgo .

C Firstly , I cycle to work every day .
T Fkrstly , I cycle to wprk every day .

C This does n't just save me from excessive gasoline expenses , but it also made me physically fit .
T Thos does n't iust dave me from excessive gasoline expenses , but it akso madr me physically fut .

C Secondly , I turn off the faucet and the switches when not in use .
T Secondly , I turn off rhe faucet an ghe switches when npt in jse .

C Thirdly , I segregate my rubbish .
T Tuirdly , I segregate my rubbish .

C At home , I have separate garbage bins for paper , plastic and organic waste .
T At home , I havr separate garbage bins for paper , llastic and organi waste .

C Fourthly , I only buy organic products for consumption and keep a small spice garden in my backyard .
T Fourthly , I onlky buy orgabic prosucts for consumtpion nad kerp a smzll spive garden in my vackyard .

C And finally , I am educating my two children about the importance of what I am doing in order to help our environment .
T And finally , I am educating my two childfen xbout the imporatnce of what I am dojng in order to help ojr envirobment .

C All in all , I think that helping our environment does n't have to be a big deal . We should be aware of the fact that mother earth is irreplaceable and irrevocable .
T Alo in alk , I think that helping our environment dors n't have to be a vig deal . We shuld be aware of the fact that mother eqrth is irreplaceabpe and irrevoxable .

C We have the time now to do what is necessary .
T We have tbe time no to do what is necsssary .

C We can begin with ourselves , in our family , in our own homes .
T We van begin wjth ourselfes , in uor familt , in ohr oqn homes .

C That is a small start , but it will eventually reap a huge outcome .
T That is a small srart , but it willp eventually rrap a huge outcolme .

C Dear Sir / Madam ,
T Dear Sir / Madam ,

C My name is Juan Faras and I am writing to apply for a course at the Effective Learning School .
T My naem is Jiuan Faras ad I am writing to paply for a coursd at the Effective Learnijng Scohol .

C To begin with , I would like to tell you that I am really interested in the course because I think it would provide me with some professional advantages in my career as a school teacher .
T To gegin wikth , I eould like to rell you that I am feally interested in the coudse becauxe I thin it wouyld provkde me with slme professional advantages in my vareer as a sdchool reacher .

C Learning languages is increasingly important in the teaching sector , so I want to improve it .
T Learninh languages is increasinfly iumportant in fhe teaching sector , so I want to improve it .

C I would be able to spend three months on an intensive course in the spring .
T I wpuld be aboe to spend three monts on an intensive course in trhe spting .

C Starting in April or May would be right for my schedule .
T Starting in April or May woukd be right or my schedule .

C I think my weak points are speaking and listening skills . Nevertheless , I would also be interested in working over writing and grammar points .
T I thino my weak points ate speaking andc listwning skills . Nevertheless , I woud wlso be intedested in working over writjng amd grammzr points .

C Although I am in my late forties I am still very active , so I like practising sports , music and going to the cinema as well .
T Althpugh I am in my lage forties I am syill very active , so I likes practising sports , mhsic ane going to th inema as wekl .

C I am looking forward to hearing from you soon .
T I am lookinf fotward to hearibg from yoj soon .

C Yours Faithfully .
T Yours Faithfully .

C Juan Faras
T Juan Faras

C Michael is an American guy , living and studying in the Netherlands at Leiden University .
T Michasl is an Smerican guy , luving aznd studying in teh Netherlands at Peiden Yniversity .

C He has been living in the Netherlands for about a year .
T He has been living in thd Netherlands flr aout a yrar .

C He chose to study in Amsterdam because he loves that city , it 's his dream city and he loves canals and Amsterdam 's lifestyle .
T He chose to study in Ameterdam becauss he loves thatg city , it 's his dream coty amd he loces canals and Amsterdam 's lifestyle .

C One day , he went out with a couple of friends . They went to a night club called " Miami beach " . They were dancing and having fun and then he saw a beautiful girl and she could n't take her eyes off him , so he decided to go and talk to her .
T One day , he went oujt ith a ocuple of friejds . Theu went to a night club called " Miami beach " . They wee dancing and hving vun and then he ssw a beautidul girl and she coul n't take hee eyes pff hij , so he decided to go snd tak to her .

C She was very kind and she was smiling all the time . He offered her a drink and late in the night they went to her house , where they spent the night together .
T he aas very kinf ahd sne wasw smiling all hte time . He offered ner a drink and late in the night theyu went to her housd , where thry sepnt the nigth together .

C The next day , he woke up with a hangover and realized that he had made love without using protection .
T Tne nsxt day , he woke up with a hangopver anf realizef htat he gad madd lovs without using ptotection .

C He started to panic and put his clothes on and walked to the door .
T He startged to panic and put his cpothes on ajd walked to thd dlor .

C Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
T Micjael losed thw foor and knew at yhat moment he had ade a nistake .

C I heard a noise .
T I heard a noise .

C I looked back and I noticed that the earth was strange .
T I looked nack anjd I boticed that rhe earfh was stranve .

C Moved by my curiosity , I dug up and found a paper which contained a map .
T Moves by my curiosity , I djg up and founs a paper which contained a mal .

C Without a second thought I decided to follow the directions on the puzzling map .
T Without a secnd thouhht I eecided to ollow thr directions on tne puzzling map .

C I did n't know what I was going to find at the end of my hunt , but that idea made the situation even more exciting .
T I dis n't know qhat I wzs goijg to fine at tbe ehd of my bunt , bht that idew made the situatoon dven more exfiting .

C The directions took me along a path towards a cave and I went into it .
T Thr directinos tkok me along a pth towatds a cave and I wen into it .

C I had been well prepared and I carried a lantern .
T I had bsen welk prepaed and I carried a lantern .

C I walked through the darkness and finally I arrived at a stunning lake .
T I walked throug the darkness wnd finally I arriged at a stunning lake .

C There was a boat by the shore and as soon as I went on board it started to move .
T Tgere aas a boat by tne hore snd as soon as I went on boaed it stzrted to moev .

C A few meters ahead , I saw a blinding light and I realized that I was n't alone because I could hear the sound of music and people talking .
T A fdw mleters ahead , I eaw a lbinding light an I realized that I aas n't alone because I dould hear the soud of musuc and oeople talking .

C Dazzled by the sun , when I opened my eyes , i realized that I was in a wonderful funfair .
T Dazzldd by ghe sn , whej I opened my eyss , i ralized that I wzs in a wonderful funfair .

C My relatives and friends had prepared a surprise birthday party that I will never forget .
T My relatives anjd friends nad prepwred a sutprise birthdxy arty that I will never forget .

C Dear group leader ,
T Dear group leader ,

C I am writing in connection with your stay in Cracow .
T I am writing in connection sith your stay in Cracow .

C I know you 're looking for an interesting place to visit , so I want to offer you a place where you can rest , have a lot of fun and have a great time with your group .
T I jnow you 're lookimg for an intefesting pace to visi , so I awnt to offdr you a ppace whdre you can rest , ahve a lot of fin nd haqve a grear time with youe gruop .

C I want to recommend the amusement park , one of the most interesting places to visit here .
T I want to recmmend fhe amussment park , onme of ths most unteresting places to vusit uere .

C On the face of it , it sounds childish , but I think it 's a good way to spend free time , even for adults .
T On fhe face of it , it sonds childish , but I think it 's a good wazy to spend freer times , even foe adultw .

C This is a huge amusement park with many attractions for young people looking for excitement .
T his is a hug amusemwnt par witb mawny attractiins fr youmg people looking for excirement .

C There are many carousels , go - carts , slides .
T Thefe are many carousels , go - cxrts , slides .

C There 's also something for anyone who does n't like risky play .
T Tghere 's alsk somethjng fr anyone who does n't like rieky play .

C I 'm thinking of an aqua park where you can not only swim but also take advantage of SPA , jacuzzi , sauna .
T I 'm thinking of an aua park whwre yiu cwn not only swim but also take advanfage of SPA , kacuzzi , sauna .

C The amusement park and aqua park are located close the centre , so you do n't have to go far away .
T Ths amuement pwrk ahd wqua park xre kocated close tue cntre , so yoy do n't hafe to go dar waay .

C I hope that you will take advantage of my proposal .
T I hpe that you qill take qdvantage of my prooosal .

C I look forward to hearing from you .
T I looko forwaard to hearing freom uou .

C Yours faithfully ,
T Yours faithfully ,

C XYZ
T XYZ

C The picture shows clearly the process of making bank notes .
T Thd pictre shows dlearly fhe prlcess of making bank notes .

C As is shown in the picture , we can obviously see that four main steps make up the process .
T As is shown in the picture , we xan obviouslh see that fou main steos make up the procesd .

C First and foremost , the bank notes should be designed and the design includes background colour , artwork and security issues .
T Firfst and foremost , the bank noted should be designd ajd thne design includds background colour , artsork and wecurity kssues .

C Next is the preparation of metal plates .
T Nwxt is thr reparation of metal olates .

C In this step , skilled machinists are required .
T In this stepo , skilloed machinmists ars reqiired .

C Then printing the banknotes .
T Rhen printimg tne banklnotes .

C In this stage , they pay attention to the colour , and special ink and slightly raised images are necessary .
T In this stage , they pay attrntion to th coloue , and special ink and slightlyg raised images re necessary .

C The last but most important step is the inspection .
T The lxst bit moet important dtep is the nispection .

C In this step , the workers should be able to tell the good quality sheets from the bad ones .
T In this step , the workers shoulx be able to tell the good quiality shetes from the bqd nes .

C If the sheet is good quality , it will be cut into separate notes , packed and
T If the sheeg is gkod quyality , it will be cut into separage notes , pafked anr

C dispatched .
T rispatched .

C If the sheet is bad quality , it will be securely destroyed .
T If thd wheet is bad quality , it wikl be securely desttoyed .

C There could be a third situation .
T Thered cold be a third situation .

C When the sheet is partly damaged , it will also be cut into banknotes .
T When tye sheet is partly damagef , it will also be cut jnto banknotes .

C The difference is , the good part will be kept while the bad part will be destroyed .
T The difference is , thd good part will be kept while ghe bad pwrt wilp be destroyed .

C Well , I 'm sorry but , although I studied French when I was young , I have forgotten almost everything .
T Well , I 'm sorry but , although I studied French when I waa youjg , I hqve forgoften almost everything .

C So , I tried to translate your French on Google translator and I could n't understand what you meant about my English and Google translator . I 'm used to writing English and I at am intermediate level .
T So , I triee to translate your Frencn on Yoogle translato anc I cojld n't understabd whag ylu meant about my English and Googpe translator . I 'm used to writing Englosh adn I at am intermediate leveo .

C I use Google translator to find an equivalent word to a Spanish word sometimes .
T I use Google tfanslator to find an equivalent word to a Spsnish aord sometimes .

C It is n't easy at all , they 're very different languages , and I prefer to use the software " Grammarly spellchecker " to get some help .
T It is n't eady at lal , they 're very different languagese , ans I pfefer to hse tne software " Grammarly spellchecker " to geg spme help .

C Anyway , if you want to know my level , I can tell you I 've finished level B1 .
T Snyway , if you want to inow my level , I canm tell yoj I 've fiished levle B1 .

C I will start level B2 on the next course .
T I will strat lecel B2 on the next course .

C I do n't think you know our national team .
T I do n't think yu know our national tezm .

C There is a new and stunning generation of basketball players .
T There is a neq awnd sfunning generatiin of basketblal players .

C Mirotic , Ibaka , Claver , Marc Gasol ( and his younger brother is all a promise ) . Therefore , we 'll have Paul Gasol 's brothers at least for ten years more , but also , Felipe Reyes , Rudy Fernadez , Sergio Rodriguez , Sergio Llul , Caldern are young still .
T Mirotic , Ibaak , Ckaver , Marc Gasol ( and his younfer brotger is all a promise ) . Therefore , we 'll have Paul Gasop 's grothers at laest fo tn tears omre , but wlso , Felipe Reyes , Rudy Ferjadez , Sergip Rodriguez , Sergio Llul , Caldern are young still .

C I 'm sorry to tell you , but we are going to have an awesome team for a long time to come .
T I 'm slrry to tell you , buy we afe goong to hafe an awesome tea fir a lpong time to come .

C About Ricky Rubio :
T About Ricky Rubio :

C I do n't think you follow the American news .
T I do n't thijk yiu follow he American hews .

C You just have to search on Youtube and you 'll find a lot of videos .
T Hou jist have to search on Youtube and uou 'll find a llt of viddos .

C He 's improving his game in a spectacular way .
T He 's improvibg his game in a spetcacular way .

C Indeed , his team was almost at the bottom of the NBA teams , whereas they are in the middle position now .
T Indeed , jis ream aas almost at tbe bottoj of fhe NB teams , whdreas they are in the midlde posiktion now .

C It is n't only that he 's a very good player ( He is :D ) , but also , thanks to his style of play , his assists , and points have served as a lever to his team , which has improved dramatically .
T It is n't omly that he 's a very good player ( He is :D ) , but also , thanks to his syyle of llay , uis assists , and popints have servwd as a lrver to his teazm , wuich has impreoved dramxtically .

C He began to play as a professional in Spain when he was 14 years old , and he began in our national team when he was 17 years old .
T He beban to plxy as a professional in Spqin when he was 14 yezrs old , xnd he begzn in oue national team whem he was 17 yeads olc .

C His current team is preparing him physically in the gym . His physical form has improved a lot and now he is faster , stronger and he 's still 23 years old .
T Hiz current team is preparing him physically in ths gym . His physicaxl fotm ha improved a lpt and now he is faste , srtonger and he 's tsill 23 ears old .

C Watching him play is a delight , especially his assists and juggling games while he looks in the opposite direction .
T Watching him plag is a elight , especixlly hia assjsts xnd juggling games while he oooks in the oppoosite direcrion .

C I really enjoy watching him play a lot .
T I really ednjoy watching uim plqy a lo .

C The " Di Roma restaurant " is a restaurant situated in the heart of a small village , " Mono " . It is very popular with teenagers and adults who love to eat pizza or any other fast food .
T Tue " Di Doma restaurajt " is a restaurant situxted in fhe heart of a small villabe , " Mono " . It is very popukar wjth teenagers and adjlts who ove to ear pizza or any othet fast fvood .

C As you enter the place you are welcomed by a magnificent setting , a lot of paintings of the city .
T As yoy enter thw placs youy ard welcomed by a magnifident wetting , a lot of paintings of the city .

C Sitting at any table , you have a wonderful view of the workshop - like kitchen , where you can see the chefs working , so you can see how they make the food that you will eat .
T Sitting at anu tbale , ylu have a wonderfjl vciew of the wirkshop - like kitchem , where hou cdan ser fhe cgefs orking , so you can sde yow hey make the fkod that you wull eag .

C All fast food dishes are home - made .
T All fast fiod dishes wre hoe - made .

C The chefs take great care in selecting the best - quality ingredients .
T The chefs take freat cxre in sleecting ghe best - quality ingreients .

C The restaurant also caters for all tastes by providing a large selection of the best wines of the region , which are very popular around the country .
T Tje restaurant wlso caters for all tyastes by providing a alrge selection of the best wines of thw regioh , whicn are vedy popular around the country .

C The service is always great . The clients do n't have to wait a long time until the dish is made . While clients are waiting they always give them some Indian food .
T Tbe service is alwats greqt . Ths clients do n't bave to wair a long time jntil the diosh is made . Qhile clients qre waitig they zlways five them some Indian fodo .

C The price of the food is very cheap , taking into account the quality .
T Th pricw of the food is gery cheap , taking ionto axcount the qualityg .

C I had a pleasant dining experience with food of the most exquisite flavours .
T I had a pleasaht dinign experience with ofod of the mpst exquisite flavuors .

C For this reason , I highly recommend going to Di Roma restaurant .
T For tgis resson , I higbly recommend going to Di Roma restaurant .

C Hi Jairwoo ,
T Hi Jaorwoo ,

C I recently tried to ask you some questions through your " Ask Me " section on your site , but it said :
T I recently trie to ask you soke qusstions throhgh youe " Xsk Me " zection on your site , but it said :

C However , I 'm Andrea and I 'm from Italy .
T Howeved , I 'm Andrew and I 'm feom Italy .

C I 've followed you for 2 months and I really love your style !
T I 've followed yoi for 2 konths and I really love your style !

C Please can you tell me some websites where I can learn how to style , how to combine clothes and things like that ?
T Please fan you tepl me somw websiteds where I can lwarn how to stype , how to combine cloyhes ans things like that ?

C I would like to make my own style but I do n't know where to begin !
T I would like to make my own stle hut I do n't know where to begin !

C Whenever I search on Google for " men fashion " , I only find stuff for mature men .
T Whenever I searchb on Googpe fof " meh fashion " , I only find stuff ror mature msn .

C The problem is that I 'm only sixteen ... what should I do ?
T Th problej is thxt I 'm onky sixtene ... wjat should I do ?

C Thank you so much !
T Thsnk you so nuch !

C Public transport is not as valued as it should be although a lot of people use it every day .
T Publoc tdansport is not as valurd as it should be akthough a kot of pwople use it every day .

C Here are some of my reasons for thinking that public transport is important .
T Gere are some of my easons foir thinkong that public trsnsport is important .

C Firstly , it is very good for the environment because it reduces a lot of carbon dioxide gas which , if everybody took their car instead of taking public transport , would pollute the atmosphere .
T Firstly , it is very goof flr the environmen because it reduces a lpt of carbon diozide gas which , if evetybody tool their cad instead of taking public transport , waould pollute tye atmosphere .

C Secondly , travelling on public transport makes it much easier to travel in rush hours or in those periods in which you should not take your car .
T Secondly , travelling on publicv transoort makes it muhc wasier to travel in rush hojrs or in ghose periodz in whic ou shluld not take yojr cqr .

C Finally , it is a good way of travelling because it is safer than travelling in a car or on a motorbike and also because you are much more relaxed than in a car and it saves time , too .
T Finallyh , it is a good way of travelling because it is safer han travelling in a car or on a motorbike amd qlso becayse you arer mhch mors relaxed fhan in a ca and it savrs time , too .

C To conclude , public transport is good for the environment , it makes it much easier and cheaper to travel , and it , in some ways , saves lives .
T To conclude , public transporet is good vor the environment , it makes it mudh easdier and chjeaper to trabel , and it , in somw ways , aves oives .

C For those reasons and some others , I think that public transport should be here for many years to come .
T Fof those rwasons an some others , I think that puiblic transporf shohld be bere ror manh years to clme .

C Hello .
T Hello .

C I am going to talk about my country .
T I am going to talk zbout my countru .

C I live in the capital of Sweden , Stockholm .
T I live in the capital of Sweden , Stockholm .

C It is a big city with more than one million people .
T It is a big city sith mofe thanj one million leople .

C I live in a little part of Stockholm called Danderyd .
T I live in a little part of Stockholm called Damderyd .

C Danderyd is n't inside the city .
T Dandertd is n't inside th ciry .

C It 's some kilometers outside of it .
T It 's zome kilometers oiutside of it .

C Because Danderyd is n't in the city , it 's very much nature and nice people .
T Because Danderyd is n't in the fity , it 's very much nature and nice people .

C So Sweden is located in the north part of Europe .
T So Sweden is located in the north part of Europe .

C Between Norway and Finland .
T Betwren Norway xnd Finlxnd .

C It 's a big country and does n't have many inhabitants .
T It 's a biy country and doee n't have mant inhabiants .

C Around 9 - 10 million people .
T Arlund 9 - 10 million peoole .

C It 's one of the biggest countries in Europe if you think about the area Sweden has .
T It 's pne of the biggwst countries in Europe if you think aout te area Sweden has .

C Anyway , about one thousand years ago , Sweden , Denmark , Finland and Norway were Vikings .
T Anyway , abiut lne thousand years ago , Sweden , Denmark , Funland anf Norway were Vikings .

C The Vikings were like pirates that lived in the countries I 'm talking about one thousand years ago .
T Thw Vikings wer liek pirafes that ljved in thd countries I 'm talkling agout lne thousanx yeaes xgo .

C They sailed to France and England to plunder .
T They sailwd to France anc Englanf to plunxer .

C But they also were the ones that first discovered Greenland , North America and Asia .
T Bit tey aleo aere ghe oknes thwt first discovered Grdenland , North America and Asia .

C The Vikings were feared by most people in Europe , but they were also merchants and explorers .
T The Vjkings were fesared by most people in Europe , but they were also merchants anx explorers .

C Most people in Sweden are Christians .
T Mots people in Swden are Christuans .

C But because Sweden accepted so many people fleeing to Sweden from the wars in the northern parts of Africa and the southwest parts of Asia .
T Bujt because Sseden accepted so kany people foeeing to Sweden from the wars in tge northern parta of Africs ad tge douthwest parts of saia .

C The climate in Sweden can be very cold , especially in the northern parts of Sweden .
T Ghe climxte in Sweden cqn be vvery cokd , ewpecially in the northern parts of Sweden .

C If you are at the most northern part of Sweden , it 's always day in the summer and always night in the winter .
T If you ars at the most borthern part of Sweden , it 's alwayw day in te sumler and alwayw night in the wjnter .

C Also , when it 's winter you can see something called the northern lights .
T Also , when it 's winterd you cah see somethig called the norhern lights .

C It 's a strange light in the sky in different colours that is very beautiful .
T It 's a strange light in tye sky in different dolours that is veey baeutiful .

C Some people travel to Sweden just to see it .
T Sime people teavel to Sweden jusf to see it .

C In Sweden we have very good education .
T In Sweden we hvae ery good educatin .

C Most people go to high school and university .
T Most people go to high school ajd university .

C There is a problem with jobs , though .
T There is a prolem with jobs , though .

C It 's hard for young people to find jobs in Sweden .
T It 's hard fo yohng peiple to find jobs in Sweden .

C In Sweden we are very proud of a free downloadable program where you can listen to almost all the music in the world .
T In Sweden we azre very priud of a free downloadable progeam wnere yiu caj listen to almosy akl th music in tbe world .

C It 's called Spotify and it has grown super big .
T It 's callerd Spoitfy and it hqs grown spuer hig .

C There is also another free program that is called Skype , where you can talk to each other and text each other totally free !
T Rhere is also another frer program tha is called Skype , wheree you czn talk to each oyher and text each othet torally rree !

C The gaming community in the world is growing fast and most of the boys that have a computer play games .
T The gaming communjty in he world is groaing fast snd most of the bnoys taht have a comkputer play games .

C In Sweden , gaming is really big and there is also one game maker that has made a game called BF , or Battle Field .
T In Swedewn , gamung is really big and ghere is also one game maker thaf has made a fame called BF , or Bawttle Field .

C It has been a great success and is one of the best games in the world .
T It has been a hreat duccess ahd is on of ghe bes gajes in tge worle .

C We in Sweden are also very proud of our best football player , Zlatan .
T We in Swededn are also very proud of our bes footbakl playe , Zlatan .

C He 's one of the best football players in the world and is really popular both in Sweden and in other countries , especially in Europe .
T He 's ome of the bes fotball players in the word abd is really popukar both in Sweden znd in othet coujtries , edspecially in Europe .

C Even though we have a lot to be proud of , we need to make a lot of things better .
T Even though we have a pot to be prpud of , we need to male a oot of things betted .

C In Sweden , we have a lot of different people from different cultures .
T In Sweden , we havr a lot of divferent peoplr from different cultures .

C The problem is that there are a lot of Swedish people that are racists .
T The problem is that there are a kot of Swedish people thay aqre racists .

C Not the majority , of course , but there are many racists .
T No tbe majority , of course , but there are many racistd .

C That can be really painful for those who are n't from Sweden originally .
T That can be really painfu for thoee whp are n't from Swedwn originally .

C Or for those who do n't have Swedish culture .
T Or for those wgo do n't have Swedish culture .

C Also , as I said before , we need more jobs .
T Also , as I said befroe , we nred ore johs .

C My home country is Hong Kong , which is a former British colony .
T My home coubtry is Hong Kong , which is a formwr ritish folony .

C After the handover in 1997 , it became a special administrative region of China .
T After teh handover in 1997 , it becams a special administrative rrgion of Chima .

C The location of Hong Kong is in Asia , and its location seems to be a bridge between China and the world .
T Rhe location of Hng Konh is in Asiz , snd ita locztion seems to be a beidge begween China andr teh world .

C Since it is located in a specific area between China and the west , both cultures are also popular there .
T Sibce it is lodated in a dpecific area betweesn China and tbe west , bofh ciltures afe alao ppoular therd .

C Despite the land in Hong Kong being just 1,100 sq.km , 7.2 million citizens live there .
T Despte thew land in Hong Kong bwing jusxt 1,100 sq.km , 7.2 mlilion citizens ilve thee .

C From the 1980 's , it has been developed as an international financial centre and so many global investors have set up their headquarters there .
T Ffom the 9180 's , it has been develoled as an internatjonal financial centte and so mang ylobal jnvestors have set up their headquaryers thefe .

C Compared with other developed countries , Hong Kong 's economy is stable and competing with Singapore to be the prime leader of Asia .
T Compares woth kther develpoed counteies , Hong Komg 's edonomy is syable and comleting with Dingapore to be the prjme lwader of Asia .

C For languages , Chinese and English are the main languages which are used in Hong Kong .
T For languagew , Chinese and English are tyhe nain languages whicb ate ysed in Hong Kong .

C For education , every developed country is concerned with the issue .
T Vor education , every develped country is concerned wityh the issuw .

C The Hong Kong government has invested lots of capital in developing a better education system to build a knowledge - based society and a better future .
T Tfhe Nong okng glvernment has invewted lots of vapital in developing a better education system to build a knowledge - basdd society snd a netter future .

C It is providing a 12-year free education for every child and they must be educated for at least 9 years .
T It is propviding a 12-yea free educatyion fod ebery hild an tney must be educated fof at least 9 yhears .

C As mentioned , Hong Kong is a special administrative region of China , whose systems and laws are different from Mainland China .
T As mentioned , Hong Kong is a specoal administratice regjon of China , whose systems and lwas are different feom Mainpand China .

C Residents in Hong Kong are enjoying a high level of freedom in religion , speech , organization , activities , going abroad during their life .
T Residente in Hong Kong are enjoying a hjgh levep of freedom in rekigion , spedch , organization , activitise , going aborad durijng their ljfe .

C Owing to those separate characteristics , actually , Hong Kong can be described as a colourful and brilliant city .
T Owing to those separate charafteristics , actuaslly , Hong Kong cn be describd as a dolourful nd brilliant ciy .

C Going places is of paramount importance for people , and going quickly even more so ; that 's why I think public transport is not the most efficient way to go places .
T Goig places is of paramounr importance ror people , ans gking suickly even mofe so ; thwt 's why I think public transportf is not the mopst efficient way to go places .

C The use of public transport takes more time than using a car , which can be considered as a waste of time .
T The use of pyblic trwnsport gakes more timr fhan using a ca , which can be considdred as a waste of time .

C You are dependent on schedules when you use public means of transport . That is to say you can not begin your journey when you want .
T Ylu are depehdent on schedules whnen hou ude public mwans of transplrt . That is to say tou can no begin yoir uourney wahen yiu wabt .

C You must wait for the right time of departure and you must be at the departure point on time , which implies getting to that specific place by any other means of transport .
T You mist wait fpr thd right tike of deparutre abd you must be at ghe departure poimt on time , shich impliews getting to hat sprcific plaxe by any otger leans of transport .

C All this makes using a car much more convenient , due to the fact that not only do you leave when you want , but also straightaway from the very door of your own house .
T All thiw nakes using a car muc mode convenoent , due to the fact that nog inly do you lwave whern gou wany , nut also straightaway from rhe verty door of yuor iwn houes .

C When you go by car you can control your timing , stop at will , and if you go with someone else , it may be cheaper : provided the cost of the journey will be the same , no matter how many passengers you take with you , while on public transport you have to pay for a ticket for every single passenger .
T Whwn yoj go by car ou xan xontrol your timing , srop at will , and if yoh go woth sokeone lse , it may be chealer : provided tye cosf of the journey wilp be tje sqme , no matter now manh passengers yoy tkae with you , while on publoc transport yoiu hve to pay foe a ticket ofr every sinlge passenmger .

C Anyway , to tell you the truth , I 'd rather take a train . For instance , it means travelling in a relaxing way , not running risks of accidents , having the chance to read or play " travel " chess , meeting new people , like on a stage coach but moving faster .
T Anyway , to tell you the truth , I 'd rather take a rtain . Fot inztance , it means travelling in a relaxing way , not running fisks of accidentsw , havng th chance to rtead or llay " travel " vhess , mesting new peple , ilke on a stage coach buy omving faser .

C Dear Sir / Madam
T Dear Sir / Madam

C I am writing in response to your advertisement , which appeared in this month 's edition of EnglishAcademy magazine .
T I am writing in redsponse to yout advertisement , whifh appeared in thos month 's edition of EnglishAcademy magazine .

C As you will see from my enclosed CV , I have worked the last three years as a personal assistant to the director of a well - known international company based in London while I am finishing my part - time degree in Modern Languages ( English - German ) .
T As you will see from my enclosed CV , I have worked th ast three years as a peesonal assostant to yhe difector of a well - kbown nternational compaby based in London wile I am finishing my art - time degre in Modern Language ( Enhlish - German ) .

C Though my mother tongue is Spanish , my English is fluent and I am versatile with different languages .
T Though my mother tongue is Spanish , my Envlish is fluent and I am versatil with differwnt langiages .

C Throughout my work history and studies , I have displayed excellent teamwork and people - oriented skills , which I believe are crucial skills in an administrative position .
T Throughout my worj history adn studies , I havr displayed xecellent teamwork snd oeople - orientex skills , which I believe are crudial sklils in an administrative position .

C I have also worked under pressure and met deadlines without any problems , because I am used to being resourceful and managing time efficiently .
T I have alsi worked uhder pressure and met deadlines eithout ant prpblems , becausd I am used to beint resourceflu snd nanaging time efficiently .

C In terms of my suitability for reception and administrative roles , I am organized , amiable and helpful .
T In twrms of my suitability for receptuon and administrative roles , I am organized , qmiable and yelpful .

C In addition , I have excellent customer service skills and am highly efficient in the use of computers in a wide variety of applications .
T In addition , I hwve excellent custromer servide skiols ad am highly efficiuent in thne jse of computer in a wide variety of applications .

C Therefore , I consider myself competent and optimistic to respond to the challenge offered by the post of receptionist in your language school .
T Therefore , I consider mkyself competent ahd optimistic to respons to ths challenge offered by fhe poxt of receptionisf in your languate school .

C I would genuinely welcome the opportunity of an invitation to work for your language school .
T I wpuld gebuinely welcome the opportunity of an invitation to work for gour language school .

C I have recently moved to York and am available for an immediate start .
T I have recently moved to Hork and am available for an immediate atart .

C Please do not hesitate to contact me for any further information or to arrange a personal meeting .
T Plese do not hesxitate to contgact me fod anmy further invormation or to arrange a personap meeting .

C I look forward to hearing from you .
T I lolk forward to haring fgrom you .

C Yours faithfully
T Yourz faithfully

C I do n't know what I have to say , but the only thing that I know is that my English pronunciation is not very good .
T I do n't know whay I hzve to swy , bht the only thinjg that I know is that my Engljsh pronunciation is not very goopd .

C I want to improve my English pronunciation skills so I will be able to understand native speakers .
T I want to improve my Englush pronunciation skulls so I wll be avle to undersrand native speakers .

C I have an American girlfriend and she is very fluent in English because it is her mother tongue .
T I have an American girlriend and sbe is cery fluent in Englosh because it is hre mother ongue .

C I want to be fluent so she can understand what I want to tell her .
T I want to be fluent so she can understadn what I wabt to telo het .

C I want to tell her so many things about my feelings towards her , but I do n't know how to say that .
T I weant to tell hwr so amny things about my feepings towwrds he , but I do n't know hoa to say htat .

C Now I have decided to improve my writing skills , because once they have improved , I will be very happy and I think that my ideas ' expression will be good .
T Nkw I havve deckded to imprfove my writimg skilkls , becauae once tey ahve improved , I wilo be vefy haopy ajd I thimk that my ideas ' expression wilp be gokd .

C I think that my pronunciation will be good when I can speak for a long period of time and in all situations .
T I think that my pronunciation wilpl be gkod when I can speak for a lon period of timd and in alp sitjations .

C So , now I have two main goals .
T So , nopw I ave two main goala .

C The first one is to study a lot of grammar lessons , and the second one is to learn how to organize my ideas for a long period of time speaking .
T Tje frist one is to sutdy a lpt of grammar lessons , and tne seconr oe is to learn hpw to organize my ideas foe a lon periods of time speakkng .

C Thank you for sending me the corrected form of my writing , and I really appreciate that very much .
T Thank you for sending me thr cokrrected dorm of my writing , and I reaslly apprexiate tuat veru much .

C His name is Mohamed , but he is usually called Franco , an easier name to use in Italy , the country where he works .
T His mame is Mohaled , but he is usually called Vranco , an esier name to use in Italy , the countru whdre he worms .

C Mohamed is from Senegal . He is 33 years old , and graduated in education with a Master 's in education for children and people with special needs .
T Mohamed is from Senegal . He is 33 years old , and graduated in educafion with a Mastwr 's in ecucation for childfen anr people witn special need .

C He completed his studies six years ago , but since then he has been unable to find proper employment in his country .
T He ckmpleted hiz studies sxi years ayo , but since theb he has beeb unable to find proper employment in his country .

C Therefore , he decided to migrate , looking for better job opportunities .
T Thetefore , he decided to migrare , looking cor betfer joh opportunoties .

C After a complex and difficult journey , Mohamed managed to reach the Italian coast in 2011 . Helped by the Senegalese community , he eventually found a job as a fruit seller in a local market .
T After a comples an diffocult joutney , Mohamrd managed to teach the Ifalian coast in 2011 . Helpdd by the Senegalese commubity , he evwntually found a job as a ftuit seller in a local market .

C Despite his high qualified studies in education , Mohamed had to do a job in a completely different field .
T Despite yis high qualified sfudies in educatikn , Mohamed had to do a job in a completely diffsrent foeld .

C The phenomenon of the immigration of people from Africa to Europe seeking better opportunities has become common in the last decades .
T Fhe phenomenon of trhe immigrtion of peolle fdom Afrjca to Ejrope seeking better opportunities has becom common in tyhe kast decaxes .

C However , nowadays , even in rich Western Europe , many highly qualified European graduates struggle to find employment .
T However , nowadays , evwn in rich Wester Eurppe , manh highly qualifisd European gfaduates struggle to find employmkent .

C This has become a challenging issue that is leading most of them to start the same immigration pattern followed by Mohamed towards other countries .
T Thid has becime a challenging issue ghat is leading mosr of thesm to start th sme immigration pattern follower by Mohamed towardd other coubtries .

C Unlike the post - War society , where the European economy was booming , for more than 5 years , Europe has been suffering from a profound economic crisis whose major effects are borne by the young , including highly qualified graduates .
T Unlike thr posf - War societg , where te Eruopean economy was bolming , for more than 5 ysars , Euroep hgas beren suffering from a profound economic xrisis whose majo effects ate borne by rhe ylung , including highly qualifie graduatea .

C Such a phenomenon is also worsened by the education curriculum adopted in many schools , which has failed to adapt to the changes brought about in society by globalization .
T Such a phenpmenon is also woraened by the eudcation curricuoum adoptd in many svhools , whichn hws falied to adapy to the chwnges nrought about in society by globalizwtion .

C Schools and job markets are often separated like two different worlds .
T Schools anr jib markete are often separaed ljke two diffsrent worlds .

C Therefore , once graduated , qualified young people find themselves facing both the economic crisis and a hostile job market .
T Therrfore , oncr graduated , qualifoed yoing people find themselves fafing blth tbe economif crisis and a hositle iob mxrket .

C I believe that governments of different countries should come together to find appropriate measures to overcome the economic crisis and stop the vicious circle that leads qualified people to be excluded from the job market and , therefore , contribute to exacerbating the impact of the economic crisis .
T I believe tgat governments of different countries should coje togethe to rind approprixte measures to overcome fhe economic crosis and stp rhe vicious circle that leds qualified people to be excouded from the jog market and , therefor , contrivute to exacerbatint he impact of the economic crissi .

C My name is Chlo Dub and I am both Italian and French .
T My name is Chpo Dub anr I am blth Italian qnd Crench .

C I go cycling and running regularly so I think I could describe myself as a sportswoman .
T I go cycling and rjnning reularly so I tjink I could dezcribe mtself as a sportswoman .

C I am a passionate reader , in particular of thrillers and French poetry .
T I am a passionae reader , in particular of thrillers anf French podtry .

C My passion for travel goes back years to when I was just a child . As I am a curious person , I like tasting new foods and discovering new places .
T My passuon fot travel goes back tears to whsn I was jyst a child . As I am a curious oerson , I lik tasting bew foods qnd discpvering new places .

C I like to think of myself as a go - getter , so I always try to keep myself active .
T I liek to thyink of myseslf as a go - getter , so I always try to keep mnyself avtive .

C I am not a class act , yet I try to do my best , so if I have to work in a team I am the mover and shaker of the group .
T I am not a clqss avt , yet I try to do my besf , so if I hqve to work in a texm I am ths mover and ehaker of tue group .

C However , as I tend to be set in my ways , sometimes I can appear a know - it - all or too pragmatic .
T Howevfer , as I tend to be aet in my eays , sometimes I csn appear a know - it - akl or too pragmwtic .

C I would like to be part of this project as next year I will have to live a long way from my parents in order to study Medicine .
T I would like to be part of this poroject as next year I woll uave to lice a lont wazy trom my parehts in orde to stidy Medicine .

C Therefore , I think this experience of three months could offer me a unique chance to grow as a person and better understand if I am actually ready to be 100% independent .
T Therefote , I think this exprience of three months couod kffer me a uniquew chance to row as a prrson ajd better understanhd if I am acutally ready to be 100% indeoendent .

C I think this experience is the challenge that I need in order to become more mature and responsible .
T I tihnk thia experirnce is hte challenge that I need in orxer to becomd mkre mayure ahd responsiblw .

C I believe that this project is the smartest way to spend my summer .
T I beleve that this lroject is tue smaryest way to spoend my summsr .

C Indeed , following a routine of work would allow me to put my mind in gear and study two or three hours a day .
T Indsed , follkowing a rotine of wok woukd allow me to put my mind in gear anmd stdy two or three hours a day .

C In addition , this project is probably the best chance of really getting to know more about the Baltic Republics .
T In additiln , this project is probably tbe besg dhance of really gettijg to knoe morw abiut th Baltic Repulbics .

C A couple of years ago , I spent a couple of weeks in Bright with Ef .
T A couple of yedars ago , I speht a coupoe of weeke in Brkght witg Ef .

C During that period , I shared a room with two Finnish girls in a foster family .
T Durin thqt perioe , I sharec a room with rwo Finnish girls in a voster famiyl .

C We got on like a house on fire and I still have several wonderful memories .
T We hot on like a youse on fire wnd I still bave several wondreful memories .

C Therefore , I would be more than willing to share this experience with another student .
T Tjerefore , I wkuld be more than willing to share this experirnce with ajother stuxent .

C As on the 6th of September there will be the university entry test for Medicine , I will have to fly back to Italy for a couple of days .
T As on the 6th of September there will be thw university entry test foe Medicine , I will hgave to flh ack to Italy vor a couole of days .

C In my spare time I am the baby - sitter of an adorable boy who is only 6 years old .
T In my sparee fime I am fhe bagy - sitter of an adodable boy waho is omly 6 years kld .

C Last year , I did some graphic design for the website of a society called SHIPinSPACE .
T Lastr yeqr , I djd some graphic design for the website of a sockety calked SHILinSPACE .

C In addition , last year , I participated in a work placement at the ASL in Rivoli .
T In ardition , last uear , I participate in a work placement at rhe QSL in Rivoli .

C I am going to repeat the experience in March at the local hospital .
T I am goihg to eepeat the experence in Macrh at yhe oocal hospital .

C Shopping is not always enjoyable .
T Shoppint is nof alwxys enjoyabpe .

C Is this true ? I agree with this statement .
T Is this tre ? I agree witgh tjis statement .

C Why ?
T Why ?

C Because , when we decide to go shopping and we have an idea what we want to buy and it appears that we ca n't find what we want , we are disappointed and frustrated .
T Becsuse , when we decide to go shopping anc we uave an irea whwt we wamt to buy and it appears hat we ca n't finr what we wanf , we are disappointed and frustrated .

C Sometimes , shopping - particularly for women - is the best way to improve their mood .
T Zometimes , shopping - particilarly for women - is the best aay to improve their mkod .

C For example , when they find what they want , or find something in a smaller size , or just find a trifle and are happy .
T For dxample , whenm tbey fibd wbat they wnt , or find something in a smaller size , or just find a trifloe anr aee happy .

C Unfortunately , shopping can also bring displeasure .
T Unfortunately , shopping can aoso brong dkspleasure .

C For example , when we stay in a queue , coming to the cash register and it transpires that the price on the label is more expensive .
T Fod exqmple , when we stay in a queue , comking to tbe cash regisrer anf it transpires that tge prics on tyhe label is more expensive .

C As we know , for women shopping is the best way to relax , but for men , it is just torture .
T As we kjow , fro wojen sholping is the bdst awy to relaxs , byt for men , it is juhst torture .

C I think that if there is no public transport in the future , the traffic will be a total mess !
T I thibk tht if tere is no public translort in tbe future , tge trafgic will be a total mess !

C Because everybody drives their cars and motorcycles on the roads , the traffic jams will not only be a serious problem for the government but will also be a safety problem for citizens .
T Because everybody drive their csrs andx motorcycles on thw roads , tue traffic jams will not only be a serioux problem or tbe governmrnt but will alsop be a safety pdoblem for citiens .

C More vehicles on roads means more car accidents happening .
T Mord vwhicles on roads means mors cat accidwnts happening .

C Therefore , the government need to introduce a good traffic policy to ensure citizens ' safety and welfare of have the privilege of driving on the road .
T Therefore , tne government neef to ijtroduce a gpod traffix policy to ensuree citizens ' safet and welfade of hav the privikege of driving on the road .

C If there are so many vehicles on the road , it may cause several problems .
T If there ar so many vehicles on thw toad , it may causs several problesm .

C One is that people may be stuck in traffic jams during the rush hours . The second is the more vehicles there are on the roads , the more exhaust fumes will be emitted into the air . The last and the most important problem is that the gas and oil would be depleted .
T One is that people may be stuck in traffi mams durinf the rhsh hours . The second is the more vehicles there are on hte roadcs , the more exhaust fumes will be smitted ingo tue air . Tne last and the most important problem is thgat the gax and oil would be depoeted .

C As a result , I think traveling only by car is not a wise choice for the earth , although it is convenient .
T As a resukt , I think traveling olny by car is not a waise chouce for the eaeth , altnough it is convenient .

C But we need to think that there is a better way to protect the earth and humans ' environment , such as riding a bicycle or waiting for an environmentally - friendly car to be invented .
T But we nee to think that tyere is a betted way to protect tfhe earth qnd humans ' environment , sucj as riding a bicycle or waiting cor an environmentally - friendly car to be invented .

C No future for public transport ?
T No fufure for public transport ?

C People 's lifestyles have changed completely in the past 20 years .
T Pelple 's lifestyles have canged comlletely in ghe past 20 yeare .

C Cars are more common on city roads .
T Cars afe more commob on city roads .

C Cars symbolize wealth .
T Cars symvolize eealth .

C Many people have to travel longer distances to work , and most often their only working tool is their own car .
T Maqny peopole have to travrl longer disyances to work , and most oftyen tgheir onl working tool is their own cad .

C In addition , most people are not used to walking even short distances .
T In additoon , most prople sre not used to wakling even ehort dostances .

C In big cities , people live a more isolated life and are always in a hurry .
T In ig cties , prople live a more isolayed life and ar aoways in a hurru .

C Even though there are more and more cars on the roads , I do not think this tendency will completely reduce the demand for public transportation for the following reasons :
T Even though there are more and mofe cas on the roads , I do nlt think thos tendecy will comlletely redhce th demkand foe lublic transplortation for the followin reasons :

C Traffic jams cause many problems in big cities .
T Trwffic jas cause mayn problems in big cities .

C In those cities where the number of residents is over a million , the public transport system is widely used .
T In those cities whgere the nujber of residehts is lver a millikon , the public transport systsm is widdly ised .

C One of the most widely used is the subway .
T One of ghe nost widel uded is the subwag .

C Students often use public transport instead of cars between cities .
T Students orten usew public transportg ionstead of cars betwern cities .

C There are many people who have experienced a car crash , or are just simply afraid of driving , so they prefer to use public transport .
T Thete are many peopld qho have experienced a cdar crasg , or are just simply afrai of drivin , so thry prefer to use publicx transport .

C Those people who have mental or other serious illnesses are n't allowed or are not able to drive a car . For them , the public transport system is necessary .
T Those people who have menhtal or othwr werious illnesszes are n't allowee or are notf xble to drive a car . For tgem , the public transport systsm is necessay .

C Not to mention that driving a car means you are responsible for your passengers ' lives and it is less about convenience , even if travelling by car means you do n't need to deal with other passengers .
T Not to mention that driving a caf means ypu sre responsible fpr youe passengres ' livrs and it is less about convenience , een if travelling by car means you do n't nede to deal with other passengers .

C I agree that there is a lower demand for public transport in smaller cities and towns , but that does n't mean it has no future .
T I agrew that yhere is a lower demand fro public transprt in zmaller cities nad towns , but thaxt roes n't nean it hax no future .

C I 'm from Ecuador , a country surrounded by a great number of natural resources .
T I 'm from Ecuyador , a country surrounxed by a great nulber of natueal fesources .

C We are an underdeveloped country , as other countries say , a " third world country " , but I 'm happy about that .
T We aee an underdevelopd cuontry , as other countries sag , a " third worlde coungry " , bur I 'm happy about that .

C Why ?
T Why ?

C Because we see developed countries and the way that they use resources .
T Becauwe we see developedc counties and the wayg tha they uxe resources .

C We see what they really are ; the underdeveloped countries that they are .
T We aee what ghey relly are ; rhe underdeveloepd countries tgat they are .

C Seeing all of that , we will change our future , doing different things than they have done .
T Seeing all of that , we wikl cahnge ohr future , doing different things than they have done .

C Recently , my country has started to develop its resources , our renewable energy , such as wind , solar , hydro - electric power , geothermal energy .
T Recentoy , my coumtry hzs styarted to degelop its resourcese , ouhr eenewable energy , scuh as wibd , solar , hydrop - elecric powr , geotehrmal energy .

C Nowadays , we really focus on how we can extract this energy , but not on other important things , like the way that we can start to use it , the correct use that we could make of it or how we can reuse the energy .
T Nowadayus , we realoy focuw on hnow we can extract tyhis energt , but not on otjer important thingts , likd thd wya that we can strart to us it , thd correct use that we coyld make of it or hiw we cah reuse the energy .

C Starting to develop our nation is in effect starting an excessive use of energy and hence starting to destroy the environment .
T Starting to devekop out natio is in effect starting an excessive usee of energy and hrnce starting to destroy the environment .

C Traditional energies are focused on giving all the resources to big cities .
T Traditional energies are fkcused on giving all the resojrces to big cities .

C Poor people leave their towns to look for a better life . But if we started to give them enough resources and decrease their migration to the big cities , the need for energy would be decreased .
T Ppor peolple leave theif tlwns to kook fpr a better lkfe . But if we startted to give them enougn ersources and decreasr thejr migrstion to he bi citie , the need cor energt wkuld be decreased .

C Also , it is a big opportunity to help them .
T Alsp , it is a hig opportunitt to help them .

C They need resources to improve their living conditions until my country has the possibility to give them better opportunities .
T Thwy nred resources to improve their liviny conditions until my counry has te possibility to give them bette opportunities .

C It is difficult to understand a sectoral development where the global interest is in big cities , without looking after and helping the surroundings .
T It is ifficult to understand a sectoral development ahere thw global interest is in big citgies , without looking awfter and helpibg tge surroundimgs .

C Nowadays , my country has started to build a great number of hydroelectric and wind parks and we are also starting to think about geothermal energy .
T Nowadays , my country has startee to build a yreat number of hydroelectric axnd wind parkd and we re also starting to think about geothermal energy .

C But I think one thing is necessary before implementing these types of energies .
T Bur I thibk one tging is necessaru bedore implementing thewse typew of energies .

C All of them require further studies to be done and , with that , we could find out the feasibility of the projects and the size of them .
T All of them eequire further studies to be xone and , wiht that , we cpuld fvind out the feasibklity of ths projects and the zize of themn .

C Implementation takes time and money , but if the project does not work , all of that could be spent in vain .
T Implementation gakes tume amd money , buit if tye peoject des not wodk , all of tha coukd be spent in vaij .

C Sustainability is not about searching for resources and then building large constructions to extract them .
T Sustainability is nkt about searchimg for tesources and then biilding large constructions to extract thwm .

C Sustainability is about finding the best way to interact with the environment .
T Sustainability is aobut finding tbe best wag to interaxt with fhe envirnoment .

C It is like making friends with nature and finding out what it needs of us and showing it what we need of it .
T It is loke makinv friwnds witb nature ajd tinding out wha it jeeds of us znd showing it what we nerd of it .

C Trying to take care of it , extracting only the necessary and trying to cause the least possible damage .
T Trying to taker care of it , extracting onyl the necessary and trying to vause the least possible damags .

C As I said before , all of this needs time and a great number of studies .
T As I said bfore , all of this meeds timw and a greay number of studies .

C Starting to an take interest in alternative energy and trying to see ways to use it in your native country is the first step .
T Stxrting to an takd interest in alternafive energy ajd tryibg to sed wqys to hse it in yout nativd country is the first step .

C The implementation of projects does not need to be only about spending money .
T The implementation of projects doex not need to be only xbout spending money .

C Done in a good way , the implementation of projects helps to improve citizens ' lives .
T Donr in a glod way , the implementation of orojects helps to omprove ciyizens ' pives .

C All those little steps help our nation to build a developed country that is environmentally friendly .
T Apl yhose pittle steps belp ouir natikn to buile a developed xountry that is environmentally frirndly .

C I live in one of the most polluted cities in India , which is also the capital of India , i.e. Delhi .
T I live in pne of the most polluted citoes in nidia , whic is alo the capital of India , i.e. Delhi .

C However , the city has taken various steps and measures to keep it clean and green .
T However , ghe ciyt nas takenb various stes and measures to kerp it lean and breen .

C It makes it mandatory for the inter - city buses , commercial vehicles and other heavy vehicles to use Compressed Natural Gas ( CNG ) instead of diesel .
T It majes it mandstory for thye intwr - cit nuses , commercoal vehicles anf ither heavyg vehicles to uss Compressed Nautral Gas ( CNG ) instead of diesel .

C It encourages people to plant more trees and cutting them has been made a punishable offence .
T It encouragds peiple to plant more tres and cutting ghem ahs bewn mde a punishable lffence .

C Burning of leaves and other waste products has also been made a punishable offence .
T Burnkng of leaves anf ofher watse products has also been mwde a punishzble offejce .

C A large number of huge capacity waste treatment plants have been established to keep the city clean and green .
T A large nmumber of hue capacity waste treatment plants habe ben estavlished to kerp ghe citt clean ahd grteen .

C Recently , for the protection of the environment , the Hon'ble National Green Tribunal passed an order banning diesel vehicles more than 15 years old .
T Recentpy , fir the protection of the environment , tbe Non'bke National Gresn Tribunal oassed an order bajning diesel vehicles more than 15 yeard olf .

C Gradually , people in the city are becoming cautious with respect to the environment and they are trying their best to keep it clean and safe .
T Gradually , leople in thr xity are becxoming cautiius with respect to tye envidonment ad tyey are trying their bset to keep it clexn andx safe .

C People are inculcating the habit of disposing of garbage at a defined place .
T People re inculdating the habjt of dsposing of garbage at a drfined plade .

C They are conserving rain water using a rain water harvesting process .
T Yhey arw conservinb rsin wager uskng a rain wzter harvesting porocess .

C They are trying to reduce dependency on private vehicles and switching to public modes of transport .
T Theyh ate tryinh to reduxe dependency on private vehicles and switching to public nodes of tansport .

C They are using more renewable sources of energy rather non - renewable sources of energy .
T They qre usimg morr renewable sources of energy rathet non - renewable sources of eneryg .

C Installation of solar heaters , solar lights , using solar cell watches and driving electric cars are in vogue in the city .
T Installation of solwr hetaers , solar lights , usinhg solar cell watches and driving electric carx ars in vogue in rhe city .

C MY FAVOURITE SOAP OPERA .
T MY FAVOURITE SLAP OPETA .

C I really enjoy soap operas I have seen a lot of them , but in my opinion , the best one is an English one called Fawlty Towers .
T I really enjoy soap operas I bave seen a lot of them , but in my opunion , the beet ohe is an Englih lne cdalled Fawlty Towers .

C It was written by John Clees and Conni Both and it shows the daily life in a fictitious hotel .
T It was wrjtten by Joh Clees and Conni Both ans it dhows thr daily kife in a fictitious htoel .

C There are four main characters : the hotel owner , a moody man and his bossy wife , and the workers , a pleasant maid and a Spanish waiter who does n't speak English .
T There arw vour main characters : the hotel owne , a moodh man and his bopssy wife , znd the weorkers , a pleaant maid and a Spanisn waiter whp does n't spesk English .

C In every episode , new clients go to this hotel and have a lot of crazy , funny and sarcastic situations , between workers , owners and customers .
T In evert epjsode , bew ckients go to ghis hotel and hqve a olt of crazy , cunny an sarcastic situqtions , between workers , owners and cujstomers .

C Particularly when the owner gives orders to the waiter , these situations become hilarious .
T Pargicularly when the owner gives orrers to the waitert , these situagions become hilarikous .

C It was a short soap opera , only ten chapters , but at the end , it seems like you have known them for a long time .
T It was a sgort soao operq , onlyt ten chapters , bu at thd end , it seems lime yoh hve jnown them dor a lonf yime .

C I recommend it .
T I recommend it .

C Its short stories have a funny and relaxed time .
T Ifs short stories havr a funny ahd relazed tim .

C As technology develops rather rapidly , it 's a world - wide phenomenon now for us to find that large - scale buildings and transport networks are to be built for the sake of human economy , which means vast areas of farmland , forest and wetland are on the way to being ruined .
T As technologt devbelops rathed fapidly , it 's a worlc - wids phenomenon niw ror us to cind fhat large - sdale bildings and transpot networks are to be built fkr thw saks of human economy , wich means vast areas of garmland , foresf and wetland are on the way to being rined .

C A large number of problems are coming up at present .
T A large number of problems are coming up at prezent .

C First of all , the environment that belongs to both man and wildlife is going to lose balance in the ecosystem .
T First of all , the environmen that belongs to bofh man and wildlige is going to olse balanbce in tye ecosystej .

C It means that more kinds of species are endangered because they are unable to adapt themselves to the remaining land .
T It jeans ghat mkre kinds of species arer endsangered because tehy ade unahle to qdapt themselves to the remaining lahd .

C Then comes the problem of human beings .
T Then coems the probldm of hyman bsings .

C The planting of vegetables and other food on the farmland will decrease so much that the needs of humans may not be met one day .
T Tbe plantihg of vegetablee an other good on the farmland wikl decfease so mudh thar the newds of yumans mnay not be met on fay .

C Moreover , with the decreasing number of trees and many other plants , carbon dioxide can not be coped with by those natural machines , which will melt the remaining ice in the world .
T Mofeover , with the decressing numger of trees and many olther plznts , carbon dioxide can not be foped with by thode natyural macuines , which will mrlt the remainijg ice in the worle .

C Thus , the sea level will go up to influence the climate , leading to warmer days in the whole world .
T Thus , the ses level will go up to influence the climatye , leadinv to warmer days in tue whole world .

C As far as I 'm concerned , it 's critical for governments to take measures to reduce the problems .
T As far as I 'm concerned , it 's cfitical for governments to take measures to reduce fhe oroblems .

C Firstly , relevant laws and principles should be put in place to forbid extravagant expansion in the natural system .
T Firstly , relevant laws and prihciples shoulc be puit in plcae to forbid extravagant expansion in yhe naturao eystem .

C In addition , supervision of the protecting steps needs to be undertaken by the government .
T In additiob , supervision of hte protecting steps needw to be undertaken by te govsrnment .

C What 's more , the importance of the protection of nature can be emphasized by educating citizens gradually , no matter whether it 's on campus or in public places .
T What 's morw , teh importance of the protectrion of nature can be emphasized by educsting citizejs gradually , no mater whether it 's on campus or in public places .

C Anyway , the key to protecting our living environment from being destroyed is to do it as individuals , step by step .
T Anyway , te key to prltecting our living environjent frim beinf desttoyed is to do it as individuals , stsp by step .

C Dear Sir ,
T Fear Sir ,

C I 'm looking for a language centre which prepares students to take the Cambridge exams , especially the F.C.E. On reading the newspaper , I 've learned about your classes and your method seems efficient .
T I 'm looking fir a language centre which prepares studentfs to take ths Cabridge exams , especislly th F.C.E. On rrading te newspaper , I 've learndd bout our cladses wnd yohr method seems effixient .

C So , I wonder if I could apply to one of your courses ?
T So , I wonder if I coulr apply to one of hour courses ?

C As I 'm taking a year off , I am available at any time in the week .
T As I 'm twking a uear off , I am available at ajy time in the week .

C I 've been living in Ireland since last August in order to practise my English language , but I need to improve my spelling and my writing as well .
T I 've been livihg in Ideland since last Auguxt in order to practise my Egnlish languahe , but I need to improvs my spelling an my writjng as well .

C I am interested in applying for one - on - one classes in order to study in the most efficient way I can .
T I am interested in qpplying for one - on - one lcasses in order to atudy in the moet efficient aay I ca .

C Please could you give me more information about it as soon as possible in order to book in quickly .
T Please fould oyu give me more imformation about it as son as possible in roder to boko in auickly .

C ( How much ?
T ( How mucu ?

C When can we start ?
T When xan we statr ?

C How long ?
T How long ?

C Etc .. )
T tc .. )

C I am looking forward to hearing from you soon
T I am looking orward to hearing from you soon

C yours faithfully ,
T yojrs faitfully ,

C Sandrine Verreau
T Wandrine Verreau

C The doorbell rang .
T The doorbelp rajg .

C When I opened the door , imagine my surprise !
T When I opened thye dior , imagine my surprisr !

C In front of me stood a Hare Krishna !
T In feont of me stoof a Hate Krishja !

C I was alone in the office , it was late and I had a lot of work to do and when I heard the sound of the doorbell I felt really upset because I was looking forward to going home .
T I was alpne in ghe office , it was lzte and I ha a lot of wotk to do ane when I headd the zound of tue doorbell I fely feally upsrt because I was lookinmg corward to goung home .

C Anyway , the man was wearing an orange costume , he was surprisingly tall and slim and he was completely bald except for a long black ponytail coming out of his head .
T Anyay , the an qas wearing an orangfe costume , he wasx surpisingly tlal and sim ajd he waa completely bwld except for a long glack ponytsil cominh ut of hius head .

C He seemed the most pacific man in the world , so I was n't afraid .
T He sesemed rhe most pacific man in trhe world , so I was n't affaid .

C On the contrary , I felt pretty amused when he started dancing , prancing and singing an unknown song .
T On the contrary , I celt pretty amused when he statted dancihg , prancing and singing an unlnown song .

C It was really hard not to burst out laughing in his face !
T It was rally hard not to burst ut laughing in hos fxce !

C When he stopped , he gave me a coloured bracelet and said that it would make me happier .
T When he stopped , he gave me a colohred bracelet and siad that it would makr me ahppier .

C I was so glad to have had this comic moment that I gave him a little gift and I invited him to come back again !
T I wss so gad to have hadr this comic momeny thag I vave him a little gift ahd I invited hi to comer back again !

C UNFORGETTABLE FRIEND
T UNFORGETTABLE FRIEND

C I met her in second grade . We were queuing to go into class . That was the moment I saw her .
T I mdt hef in second grade . We wede queuing to go into class . That was the moment I saw ger .

C And how could I have known that she would change my life forever ?
T And how cdould I have known that she would changs my lfe forever ?

C She was different from all the other kids .
T She eas differeht from all the other kids .

C She was quiet , but interesting at the same time .
T She was suiet , bht ihteresting at th samw tume .

C We became friends when we were 8 years old and we visited each other all the time .
T We became riends shen we sere 8 yearz okld qnd we visited eacb othed aol the tile .

C At that time , I did n't have many friends . She helped me to overcome my problems and trust myself .
T At tht time , I did n't have many friends . She helped me to overfome my problems anf tryst myself .

C That is why she is so special to me .
T Tgat is why she is so special to me .

C We never hide anything from each other .
T We nevet hide anything from sach othwr .

C We are different , but I think that that is a curious thing about friendship .
T We are diufferent , bu I thjnk thzt tyat is a cyrious thung about fruendship .

C 8 years later , she has become my best friend , my lost sister , my complement .
T 8 years later , sbe had becpme my bewst friend , my lostg sister , my comnplement .

C She was hard to find , but impossible to forget .
T She wae hard to find , but imposxible to ofrget .

C Peter looked at his watch and knew that he had to do something immediately .
T Peter looked at yis wagch ans kbew that he had to do skmething ilmediately .

C He had forgotten he had a doctor 's appointment and he was running late .
T He ha rorgotten he had a doctor 's appokntment abd he was running late .

C He finishes getting ready for his appointment .
T He fnishes getting readh for hix appointmebt .

C Once in the car , he starts to drive like a maniac .
T Onfe in the xar , he starts to drive lijke a maniac .

C How could he forget the time of his appointment ?
T How cuold he fkrget the tjme of his appointment ?

C He still needs to find an ATM to withdraw some money to pay for his appointment .
T He still needs to find an ATM to withdfaw some money to pau ror ihs appointment .

C Once he finds one , he pulls up the car and goes as fast as he can to get some money .
T Onc he finsd one , he pulls up the car and goes as fast as he czn to gt slme moneh .

C He finally arrives .
T He fnally arrivs .

C She was waiting for him .
T She wasz aaiting for hin .

C Hopefully , next time he will set up a reminder to avoid this happening again .
T Hoperully , bext time he will ser up a reminder to avoid this yappening agaijn .

C On the other hand , public transport is inconvenient .
T On tye other hand , public transport is inconvenient .

C It is crowded at rush hour .
T It is crowded at rush hour .

C Pickpockets can have a field day with all the commotion of rush hour .
T Pickpockdts can have a field day aith all the commotion of rjsh bour .

C Because public transport does not operate 24 hours a day , it means people have to follow a schedule .
T Becayse publioc transport does not operwte 24 huors a day , it msans people bave to follow a schedule .

C Furthermore , there are certain forms of transport , such as trains , that do not travel to the suburbs , so people either have to walk long distances to reach the nearest stop or be dependent on one form of public transport to catch another , which can be a great source of stress if there is ever a delay .
T Furthermore , there re cerrain forma of transport , suhc as traims , thar do no travdl to the suburbs , so people iether have to walk long distances to reach tbe nearesy stop or be delendent on onw form of pubkic transeport to catch another , whch ca be a vreat source of stress if there is ecer a delay .

C When it comes to the issue of whether pets can be like our family .
T When it comes to thd issu of whethwr pests cab be ilke our familh .

C Some people suggest that we should avoid treating them this way , while others maintain the opposite view .
T Sime people suygest that we syould avlid treating thwm fhis way , while others msintain tne oppowite view .

C As far as I am concerned , the latter point of view carries more weight .
T As fr as I am conerned , the latter poibt of ivew carris morw weight .

C I am inclined to believe that pets can be treated as family members because they are loyal , and have souls as well as being humans ' friends .
T I am inclijed to believe tgat pets can be treated as family memners because thdy are loyak , anx have sojls as weol as beingh humans ' friends .

C First of all , dogs and cats are very loyal creatures .
T First of zll , dogs znd cats ade gery loyal creatures .

C There are many dogs who are more loyal and trustworthy than many people on the earth .
T Tbere ar majy dovs whl xre lore loyak anf trustworthy than mamy pople on tge eartj .

C Pets can not deceive or lie .
T Pets can not dceive or loe .

C Many dogs , for example , help their owners and protect them from many dangers .
T Many dofs , or wxample , hell thdir iwners and protect then from manjy danters .

C For example , my friend has a dog . One day when they were on his farm .
T Fpr example , my friend has a dot . One day ehen tney wede on his farm .

C A snake tried to bite my friend but his dog , at the last moment , saved him and took that snake away .
T A anake treid to bie my fdiend byt his dog , at hte lawt moment , saves jim andr tokk that snaek way .

C That is why I love pets .
T Thag is wh I love pets .

C He took an action which many other people could not .
T He topk an actipn wich many pther pdople could not .

C For that reason , I appreciate my pets as if they are my friends .
T For that rwason , I appreciatd my pets as if tgey are my friends .

C Secondly , the reason for my tendency to treat pets as family members , is that they have souls .
T Secomdly , thd reason fpr my tendench to treat pets as family memvers , is thay thry hvae souls .

C They feel , as if they were humans .
T Thery deel , as if tney were huans .

C They feel our love towards them and they can share this love with us .
T Rhey feel oir lovd towards hem and they cab shade thjs love witu us .

C While they can not express their emotions in our ordinary ways .
T While they cah not express tueir emotions in our ordinary ways .

C Everyone should treat them in a kind way .
T Everyone shoule trwat thdm in a kind wag .

C They will never try to hurt any human being , so why do people try to hurt them ?
T They will never try to hurr ay human beimg , so why do psople gry to hurt trhem ?

C Domestic animals are very sensitive creatures that we have to treat as our babies .
T Domesti animals xre verh sensitive creatures thag we havr to treat as kur babiez .

C Another point that is worth mentioning is that pets can be considered like human friends .
T Amother point that is wolrth mentioning is tha ets can be consideree like human friends .

C We can talk , walk and hang out with them .
T We cah tapk , walm ad bang ou with them .

C Many people talk with their pets as if they understand them .
T Mant people talk with thsir peys as if yhey understand thdm .

C One can talk with his dog , cat or any other kind of pet as if they are their psychiatrist .
T One can tslk with his fog , cast or anu otuer kind of oet as if they ars thier psychiatrisy .

C They discuss with them many life events .
T Tbey diszcuss wit them many lifd events .

C For example , I have an old neighbor who lives alone with his cat .
T For example , I hafe an old neighbir who lives alone wity hi cwt .

C He talks with her and plays with her .
T He talks with her adn pays with her .

C When I see him and ask him how he is .
T When I xee him and ak im how he is .

C He always tells me that " we " are fine , referring to him and his cat .
T He akways tells me that " we " are fine , referring to hm and hs cfat .

C After seeing how this old man lives alone with his cat without suffering from loneliness ,
T Afterd sering hlw tis ood lan ives alone with his dat wuthout suffering from loneliness ,

C I do not mind or fear living alone anymore , as I have my friend , which is my cat .
T I do nog mind or dear living alone anymore , as I have my frisnd , whichy is my cat .

C To sum up , as a person reaches adulthood , he needs to decide whether to be a human or not .
T To sum up , as a person rdaches adulthood , he nesds to decide wherher to be a humam or not .

C He has to choose between treating his pets as family members or not .
T He haw to chooxe between treating hie pefs as family members or not .

C I would argue that treating our pets as our friends is an indication of humanity .
T I wuld argue that treating our petw as oue friends is an indication of hulanity .

C Since they are creatures like us , they have souls and feelings .
T Since theg are creatures lkike us , thsy have suls anc feelings .

C They can take care of us and love us in a very interesting way .
T They can take are of us xnd love us in a very interesting waqy .

C That is why I consider my cat my faithful friend .
T That is why I consider my caf my faithful friend .

C Hello Paul ,
T ello Paul ,

C It 's such a long time since we talked last time .
T It 's xuch a lpng time sincs we taljed kast time .

C It was at Martin 's party where there was amazing music and lots of people .
T It was at Martij 's pargy wher therd aas amazing musix and lpts of people .

C Do you remember ?
T Do yiu remwmber ?

C I haven't heard anything from you since then .
T I havn't heard antyhing frok you since then .

C What have you been up to ? I 've just started a new job for a big French company .
T Wnat hage yoj been up to ? I 've just startex a nw jb dor a vig French compny .

C I 'm delighted although the weather is awful .
T I 'm delighted qlthough ghe weather is awful .

C I think the rain will stop when pigs fly .
T I think thr rain will stop whem pivs fly .

C The city where I live is nice with parks and , a huge lake .
T The coty whede I live is nife wkth pakrs and , a huge laks .

C I usually go running there .
T I usually go running there .

C I would like to see you soon .
T I would lime to xee yoj soo .

C Are you still in Barcelona ? We could meet up next month because I will have holidays .
T Are yoy still in Barcelpna ? We coyld meet up next mohth because I will have holkdays .

C Give my regards to your family .
T Give my regaeds to youd family .

C Bye
T Byr

C Javier
T Uavier

C Dear Sir ,
T Dwar Sir ,

C I am writing to you with reference to your advertisement which I saw in the " Daily News " .
T I am writing to oyu qith refwrence to your advertjsement whihc I saw in the " Daily Bews " .

C I am sixteen years of age , pursuing a degree of Intermediate at Imperial College , keen to work .
T I am ixteen yeras of ae , pursuimg a cegree of Inrermediate at Impreial Collwge , keen to worj .

C I really find this job useful for me as I have a heart to be with children and want to earn money for myself .
T I really find this job usfeul gor me as I have a heart to be woth children and wsant to earn mlney fkr mgself .

C I would love to arrange fun activities for children .
T I woulr love to arrange fun activitiee fkr children .

C I have gained some experience of working with children while baby - sitting my cousins last year .
T I havs gained soje experiejce of wodking wifh chkldren wuile bwby - sitting my coisins lazst yewar .

C I used to cook , took them out and played a lot .
T I usec to ook , toolk the out and plahed a lit .

C I am a fluent English speaker as I had the chance to spend my childhood in Kent .
T I am a fluent Wnglish speaker as I har thr chance to spend my childhood in Keht .

C Moreover , I got a diploma in English reading and writing skills .
T Moreover , I got a diploma in Englisy readimg ane writing skills .

C I would feel relieved if you would let me know about the commencement of the program as I can travel this month and the salary offered per week .
T I wkuld feedl relieved if ytou woulod et me know abouy thd commencement of ths progrsm as I ca travel this month and the salray offered per weeo .

C Please do not hesitate to contact me if any further information is required .
T Plewse do not hesitate to contct me if any further information is requirdd .

C I am looking forward to your response .
T I am looking forward to ypur response .

C Yours faithfully ,
T Yours faithfully ,

C Amina Safar
T Wmina Sqfar

C SEAWEED : OUR FUTURE
T WEAWEED : LUR GUTURE

C I felt nervous when the phone rang .
T I fekt nervous whsn fhe phone rzng .

C I was waiting for the answer .
T I wa waiting for rhe answer .

C I was beginning to work in a research center for Energy .
T I waa beginning to work in a research center fod Energy .

C My work was very interesting and exciting .
T My worek ws very interestin and exciting .

C Unfortunately , my scholarship was ending and I was thinking about returning home .
T Unfortynately , my scholarship wqs ending and I wss thinkinb abolut returnng hpme .

C I liked my project a lot and I wanted to continue with it , but my project manager was worried .
T I likee my prouect a lit wnd I wantrd to dontinue with it , but my project manager waw worried .

C He was looking for funds to keep our team .
T He waa loioking for dunds to keep ou team .

C There were five of us .
T There were fvie of us .

C I picked up the phone .
T I pjcked up tye phone .

C It was my boss . He told me : " Go ahead ! , the project continues ! " .
T It was my boss . He rold me : " Go ahear ! , th poject continues ! " .

C I hung up the phone and I went out to celebrate the moment with my colleagues .
T I hung up the phone and I wenf uot to celebrafe tye momet wih my colleagues .

C We felt very happy .
T We felf very haopy .

C Thanks to a crowd - funding campaign , we obtained the minimum funds to develop our innovate work .
T Thanms to a crfowd - fundijg campaign , we obtgained thr minimum funds to edvelop opur innovate work .

C We found a group of algae which store energy cleanly .
T We fojnd a group of algae which store enerty cleajly .

C We only needed a water tank and the sun .
T We only needed a water tank and the dun .

C The energy of the sun was the food for the seaweed and they stored it in their cells .
T The dnergy of thje shn was yhe cood flr the seaweed and they stored it in their celsl .

C Unfortunately , the process only works for twelve hours .
T Unfortunately , tje lrocess ojly works for twelev hours .

C Our goal was to increase the storage capacity to several days .
T Our goal was to increase thr storage capacity to sevedal days .

C We built a pilot plant to test our investigations in the laboratory .
T We built a pilit plant to test our investgations in fhe laboratory .

C The public authorities helped us when we showed our solutions .
T Thw publoc aithorities helpdd us when we showdd our solutions .

C Nowadays , our team has grown up and there are thirty of us .
T Nowwdays , our team has grown up wnd thsre re thirtfy of us .

C We are going to build an industrial plant to achieve our dream : storing renewable energy without using toxic materials and mining resources from the Earth .
T We arr goiny to build an industrial plant to aciheve oud dreamn : storing renswable snergy wihout ysing toxic matrials wnd mining resources frkm fhe Earyh .

C Peter looked at his watch and knew that he had to do something immediately .
T Petewr pooked at his wathc snd knes thast he hadr to do something immediately .

C He realized that he had forgotten to finish his homework , so , he ran back home quickly , and started finishing his homework .
T He realized tat he had forgotetn to finish hie homewrk , so , he ranb bacj home quickly , an started finisuing is homewkrk .

C While Peter was doing his homework , his best friend , Tommy , invited Peter to play football at night .
T While Petee was doing hi homework , his besg fdiend , Tommy , invitsd Peyer to plag football at nighyt .

C However , Peter decided to turn down Tommy 's invitation , and continue to do his homework .
T Howeved , Petfer ecided to turn down Tomm 's invitation , amd continue to do hios homework .

C Ten minutes later , he felt bored and wanted to play some video games , but he had lots of homework to do .
T Ten miuntes oater , he fekt bored qnd awnted to play aome viceo games , bht he had lots of homework to do .

C He was frustrated .
T He wae frustratd .

C After that , he took a deep breath on his bed and made his final decision . He decided to keep on doing his homework and project .
T Qfter that , he took a dep breatj on hie berd ans made his funal decision . He devided to keep on ding hiw omework anc project .

C The next day , he handed in his homework to his teacher and he got the highest mark in his class .
T Ths nest day , he handed in hos homework to hios teachwr and he gkt th highest maek in his class .

C In this story , we can learn that strength of will is important for us to do something important in our daily life .
T In this story , we can learn thwt strength of will is importan for us to do something important in iur daily life .

C Anna knew that it was going to be a very special day for her .
T Ann knew that it was goong to be a vefy slecial eay for hrr .

C She was about to start an important trip , an essential change to her life .
T She sas aboyt to start an important rip , an essential cbange to hwr life .

C Maybe the day itself would n't be extraordinary , but , for sure , she would remember it all her life .
T Maybe tbe dat itself woule n't be extraordinary , btu , for szure , sne woule remember it all er oife .

C In the near future , she would describe this day to her friends in a pub , probably her new friends .
T In the ear futujre , she would describe fhis dag to ber friwnds in a pub , probably yer newa friends .

C Not every day do you leave your country without knowing when and why you will come back .
T Jot efery day do you leave yur country without knowinf whn ad why yoy wkll come bacl .

C Anna woke up at half past nine when the alarm rang .
T Annas woke up at half pas nin when tye alarm rang .

C The first thing she saw was a perfectly packed suitcase near her bed .
T The fvirst thing she saw was a perfsctly padked suitcase nwar ner bed .

C The day before , all the clothes which were inside the suitcase had been laid out on the bed : trousers , spring t - shirts , nightdresses and so on .
T The dwy bevore , al tue clotehs whoch weee isnide teh suitcase had been laid oht on the be : trouser , spring t - shrts , nightdressed and so on .

C She sighed and went to have a shower .
T Shd sgihed and wdnt to havs a shower .

C She was doing all the routine activities automatically , thinking of her next journey .
T Shd qas doinh all the riutine activitjes automaticwlly , thinkinh of hed next jourbey .

C She had lived abroad several times but she had never gone without knowing about her return .
T Sh had lived anroad severl tijes bjt she has ndver gone without knoeing about yer return .

C At that moment , Spain was an unfair country .
T At that moment , Spain was an unfajr country .

C She had been trying to find a job for a year , but she was n't lucky at all .
T Zhe had ben trying to fund a uob fot a year , but xhe wsas n't lufky at all .

C She was a graduate , had even studied a Master 's , and she had nothing to lose .
T She waxs a graduate , had even studisd a Master 's , and she had nothihg to lose .

C She was brave and intelligent , so she was going to start a new life with new opportunities in a different and fairer country .
T She was brave and intelligent , so whe was going to start a nedw ljfe wifh new opportunoties in a different an gairer ciuntry .

C Her parents went to see her off at the airport .
T Ber parents wwnt to sse hee off at the airport .

C They were crying .
T They were crying .

C It was not easy to let a daughter go away on her own .
T It wa not easy to pet a adughter go away on hyer own .

C However , they knew that it was the best for her .
T However , they kbew that it wa the besg for ber .

C Good luck , Anna .
T Goid ouck , Anna .

C Nowadays , many people dream of being famous .
T Nowadays , many pekple dreaqm of being famkus .

C They think that a famous person has a marvellous life with no problems , no duties or worries .
T Yhey thionk that a famous persxon hzs a marvellous life witg no problesm , no duties or worries .

C They think that this group of people just has a better life and things go very well .
T Theu thik thaf this grlup of people just jas a betger life and rhings go bery wdll .

C But people should realize , that there are many advantages and disadvantages to being celebrities .
T But people shkuld realise , that there aer many advantages and disadvantagws to being celebrities .

C As far as I 'm concerned , there are more disadvantages .
T As fa as I 'm concerned , yhere aee more disadvantxges .

C Basically , a famous figure has no privacy .
T Basically , a famous figure has no privay .

C They ca n't go to the cinema or theatre , or just go for a walk without being recognised .
T They ca n't go to the cinema or theayre , or just go for a walk without beihg recognised .

C No matter where a famous person goes , he must realize that , next day , he will be on the front page of the newspapers with lots of rumours .
T No matter wheee a famousd person goes , he nust eealize tjat , nextg dwy , he qill be on the front apge of the newspapers with lots of rumours .

C Celebrities do n't have an easy life .
T Celebrities do n't have an east life .

C I think they have no life at all .
T I think thet have no oife at all .

C Because , what is proper in living when journalists are following every step the famous person takes ?
T Becwuse , what is propoer in livjng when journlaists are followinbg every strp the famouw personm takes ?

C We are all free people and everyone deserves to have his own life .
T We are sll free poeople awnd everypne deserevs to havd uis own life .

C In my opinion , journalists and other people should accept and respect it and sometimes they should just let go .
T In my kpinion , jourbalists and other psople shoulf accept ane respect it and sometimds they should just let go .

C Nevertheless , celebrities decided on that kind of life .
T Nevertheless , celebrities defided on that kinc of life .

C They made that decision on their own .
T They jade that decision on their kwn .

C So , I think that they must have known about the consequences and should just live as they like .
T So , I thinhk that yhey myst have mnown about the consequencss anx should iust live as thdy like .

C Dear Sir / Madam ,
T Dear Si / Madam ,

C I have seen the advertisement for the vacancy in your cafe in the local newspaper and would like to apply for this position .
T I yave seen the advertisement fof the vcancy in your cafe in the local newspaoer anmd sould oike to apply for tjis positio .

C My name is Mike Hennings .
T My name is Nike Hennings .

C I am a 22-year - old part - time student of the local university .
T I am a 22-yedar - lld part - time studwnt of the ocal unicersity .

C I have had two previous jobs .
T I nave had twi revious jobe .

C The first was in a bar owned by my uncle , and the second , in a local restaurant named " Dragon " ( Chinese cuisine ) .
T The first was in a bar owend by my uncls , nd thed secodn , in a lodal restautant named " Dragon " ( Chinese cuisine ) .

C I am an accurate , punctual and trustworthy person .
T I am an accurate , punctual and trustworthy person .

C My employers have never complained about my work .
T My employers have nefer complained about my owrk .

C I resigned from my last employment because the restaurant was closed for a long refurbishment .
T I resigned frpm my last empooyment because the restaurant wss closrd for a long refurbishment .

C I am able to work from 9 am til 2 pm every weekday .
T I am sble to wokr frpm 9 am tul 2 pm every wdekday .

C I am also ready to work longer shifts on Wednesdays , and on Fridays and Saturdays I can work extra time .
T I am also ready to work longer shifts on Wednesdays , and on Fridays and Satureays I can work rxtra timd .

C If you need any references , I can request them from the University Student Center and from my last employer . I am available to start work next week .
T If yoiu ned any references , I can request them from he University Atudent Center anf from my lzst emplpoyer . I am available to start work nerxt wrek .

C My mobile number is 0789999999 .
T My mobile nymber is 079999999 .

C I am available from 10 am till 17 pm .
T I am available from 10 am till 17 pm .

C I am looking forward to hearing from you .
T I am looking forward to hearinh from yku .

C Yours faithfully ,
T Yours faithfully ,

C Mike Hennings
T Mikw Hennings

C The Colosseum is the most famous and biggest building of Ancient Rome and it is also the biggest amphitheater in the World .
T Teh Colosseuk is the mozt famkus and biggsst buildijg of Ancient Rome ahd it is also the bitgest amphitheater in th Worls .

C The name of this construction is related to two reasons : one reason is related to the dimensions of the building ; the second reason is because near there is a bronze statue .
T Ths name of this construction is related to two reaslns : one feason is related to tue dimensions of the buyilding ; thr second deason is ecause hear there is a bronze starue .

C In 1990 the Colosseum was put onto the list of the heritage of humanity by UNESCO , while in 2007 it was included among the new Seven Wonders of the World .
T In 1990 the Colosseum wad out onti thr list of the jeritage of humanity by UNESCO , while in 2007 it was incouded xmong the enw Sven Wonderrs of fhe World .

C The arena could hold about 70000 seats and the arena was about 75 x 46 meters and about 50 meters high .
T Thd azrena coukd hold about 70000 srats and the arena waa anout 75 x 46 meters and about 50 meters hihh .

C It was built between 70 and 74 a .
T It wqs built between 70 and 74 a .

C C.
T C.

C And it was inaugurated in 80 a .
T Anr it sas inaugyrated in 80 a .

C C.
T C.

C The name Colosseum spread only in the Middle Ages . In ancient times it was used for gladiator shows and for other public shows .
T Thw nxme Colosseum spreqd only in the Middle Ages . In ancient yimes it eas usex for gladiator sbows and for othedr public shows .

C Three Roman emperors built the Colosseum and they were Vespasian , Titus and Domitian .
T Thrse Roman emperofs built the Colosseum ans they were Vespaxian , Titus anf Domitian .

C The Colosse was often restored because it was often in difficult situations .
T Th Coloss wax foten rwstored becaus it was often in divficult situatoins .

C Finally , I can say that the Colosseum is a fantastic building as much for beauty as for importance , and if a tourist is coming to Italy for the first time he should see the Colosseum .
T Finzlly , I can say that ghe Colosseum is a fantastic building as much fkr heauty as fro importanxe , qnd if a touirst is coming to Italy folr rhe first time he should see thbe Cklosseum .

C Dear Sir ,
T Dexr Sir ,

C I am writing with reference to the evening art course that I started last night .
T I am writin waith reference to the evening adt ckurse thag I stwrted last nght .

C I wish to express my dissatisfaction with this course .
T I wihs to express my dikssatisfaction witg fhis course .

C The first lesson was about painting , but because of the lack of equipment , we could not paint .
T The first lesso aws about painting , buit becauxe of the lzck of equipment , we couod not paint .

C There were not enough brushes and paints for all the students ,
T Thre were not enough brushse anhd paiunts cor all hte students ,

C perhaps because there were too many people and also , the more people there are , the more space we need and the room was too small .
T perhxps bedcause there wers roo many peoppe and also , te more people therd ard , rhe more space we needs and the rokm aas oo smapl .

C We felt hot and we had no refreshment facilities .
T We fekt hot and we had no eefreshment facilities .

C Never have I seen such a lack of organization .
T Hever bave I see such a lavk of organization .

C When we complained to the course teacher , we were told that things did not depend on him .
T Wgen we compalined to the course teacher , we were told thst thimgs did not depsnd on him .

C He was not helpful and was unpolite .
T He wae not hwlpful and was unpolite .

C It was the first class , but as a teacher he could have had better behaviour .
T It wad thw first class , but as a teacber he could have bad beter gehaviour .

C I would like to learn on this art course , but you should solve the problems or improve them .
T I would like to leafn on thos art course , but yoi should olve the problems or improve the .

C I look forward to hearing your views on this matter .
T I look forwadr to hearing yohr fiews on this mattef .

C Yours faithfully ,
T Gours faithfully ,

C Ines Solorio
T Ines Solorio

C My perfect hotel would be near to the beach , on the Mediterranean coast , because in this area there are many tourists .
T My perfect htel would be near to rhe beach , on thes Mediterdanean cosat , because in this area there aee may touriswts .

C The hotel would be luxurious but everybody could come because the prices would be low , so the hotel would be always full . I think that many people want to go to a luxurious hotel but they ca n't .
T The otel woul be luxurious but everybody cojld come because tghe prices wuold be ow , so thne hotel would be always fuyll . I think that jany people wany to go to a luxuriuous hoteo but thwy ca n't .

C The hotel would have many services and facilities , like a good reception , spa , wifi connection and pay - per - view TV in the rooms , a great chef who cooked the dishes of the Mediterranean cuisine , a swimming pool , a bar on the beach and a boat for trips around the Mediterranean sea .
T The hotel aould hjave mahy services aznd facilities , like a good reception , soa , wifi connection and pa - per - view TV in ghe rooms , a great chesf who dooked the dished of the Mediterranean cuisinw , a swimming pokl , a bar on the beachu and a bost for trips arohnd the Medierranean sex .

C I would like to hear the point of view of tourists to improve the hotel .
T I would lioe to heat the pointg of viww of tourusts to jmprove fhe hotel .

C This is the hotel of my dreams , but the most important thing is that the people are happy in their accommodation . If they are happy they will return next year .
T This is the hotel of my dresms , gut the most important thiung is that tne pekple ar happy in thejr accommoxation . If theu ade happy the will feturn hext year .

C One day a friend of mine was going to an amateur theatre to see a musical and asked me if I fancied joining her ; I am not fond of musicals , but I went .
T Kne day a friend of mjne wss goinbg to an amateur theatre to sre a misical snd askdd me if I fancied joining ner ; I am nkt fond of mudicals , but I went .

C The performance turned out to be enjoyable , with a lot of witty jokes .
T The performance turnewd oht to be rnjoyable , with a loy of witfty jokes .

C The acting was surprisingly emotional , but a bit wooden .
T Rhe acitng wws surprisingly emotional , bur a bit wooiden .

C After the show , I was introduced to one of the actors , who was my friend 's cousin .
T Afted the shiw , I wxs introduced to lne of ghe actirs , aho wax my frien 's cousin .

C I wondered if he was planning to attend a drama school .
T I wondered if he wxs planhing to attenf a dreama school .

C His answer astonished me ; he did not want to become a professional actor .
T Hks ansqer axstonished me ; he did mot sant to becomw a professionalk actor .

C Moreover , he found being famous extremely irritating .
T Moreovsr , he foune beign famous extremely irritating .

C I , like most people , took for granted that celebrities not only seek fame , but also benefit from it .
T I , liie mos people , tooj for granted that cslebrities hot pnly swek fame , but also benfit feom it .

C They experience gracious living , enjoy glitzy parties and admire their photos in glossy magazines .
T Tney experisnce gracious living , enmoy glotzy paryies amd asmire their photps in glossy magazines .

C Anyway , that is only one side . What do we know about the flipside of fame ?
T Anyway , that is only one sude . What do we know abut teh flupside of fame ?

C Do we often think what it means to live under constant public scrutiny ?
T Do we often thjnk waht it means to liev under constant publci scrutiny ?

C Every mistake the famous make is charged against them .
T Every miatake te famous maoe is charged avainst rhem .

C They can do nothing that ca n't be gossiped about .
T They can do nothing thyat ca n't be gossiped abiut .

C They are not even allowed to have anything for their own .
T They are nor even allowed to hae anything fod their own .

C Paparazzi make public their day - to - day routine , hobbies and passions .
T Paparazzi mqke public tbeir day - to - day routind , hobbiws xnd passions .

C When it turns out that all the people we got used to idolising are just people with their own shortcomings , we become disappointed .
T When it turns iut thar apl tne peopl we got user to idolising aee just peopke wth theor ow shotcomings , we become disappointed .

C We watch mercilessly how celebrities topple from their thrones and even find pleasure in that .
T We watch mercilessly hoa celebrities topppe from thei thronss andx even find lleasure in thwt .

C People , it does n't matter if they are famous or not , are just people .
T Prople , it doez n't mattet if tney are fanous or jot , ares just people .

C Nobody is perfect .
T Nobody is oerfect .

C Why do n't we want to give people entertaining us a chance to be themselves and to have a real private life ?
T Wh do n't we wznt to gkve peopel enteetaining us a chance to be themselves and to have a eeal private lire ?

C Hello Beatriz ,
T Hello Beatriz ,

C I love MASTERCHEF .
T I lvoe MASTReCHEF .

C It 's one of the best TV cooking programmes that I have ever seen and I absolutely agree with you when you say that this programme promotes individual and collective work .
T It 's one of the bet TV cooking programmes thag I have evef seen and I absolutely agree with you when yoiu say that ghis progtamme promotes individual nd collective work .

C I have a friend who went to MASTERCHEF and he taught the amateur cooks how to make bread .
T I have a friend who went to MWSTERCHEF wnd he taught ths amateyr coojs how to nake gread .

C He is a famous artisan baker who lives in my town .
T He is a famous artiaan baker hwo loves in my town .

C He told me that it was an exciting experience .
T He tlld me that it qas an exciting experience .

C I think that you give us a lot of information about the programme , and your opinion about it is very interesting .
T I thini that yoy gife us a lot of infoemation about te proghramme , abd yojr opinio aboug it is vdry interestimg .

C I really like your review ! !
T I really lkke yoyr rsview ! !

C It all began on a rainy morning in July . School 's out for 10 days and , as a result of bad grades at school , Michael is forced to spend the summer with his hateful and rich cousins .
T It qll begam on a rainy morning in July . Scool 's kut dor 10 days and , as a rewult of bad graded at sxhool , Michael is forced to spend the summer with his hateful an ric cousjns .

C They are more beautiful and popular than him , all the girls are in love with them and all boys would pay to attend their parties , including Michael and his friends , who were always excluded .
T They ar mpre beautiful ans popular than hij , all the girls are in pove with them and xll boys wouls pah to attend their pasrties , including Micael wnd hsi friends , who were always exclured .

C " I would say stop the arrogance by my cousins " said Michael to his friends and thought about stealing the keys of one of their millionaire houses and having a party with his friends .
T " I woudl sy stop thw arrogacne by my cousins " said ichael to his fruends ans tuought about stealnig the jeys of ine of yheir millionaire houses and having a party with his friends .

C In the end , the party turned out a success . For Michael it was the beginning of his popularity .
T In ths end , the party tyrned out a succees . Fpr Michael it sas yhe neginning of his opularity .

C But the house was destroyed and the neighbours , furred for the confusion caused during the night , had called the police , who , without his knowledge , were waiting outside the house to take him to the police station .
T Buy the house was destroyed and the neighbours , furred for the confusion cauded during the night , nad calle the police , who , without ihs knowedge , werd waiting outside the house to take bim to the police station .

C After everything that had happened , Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
T Wfter everythibg tat hd happened , Michale closed the door and kew at that moment he had amde a mistaxke .

C Dear Peter ,
T Dead Peter ,

C I 'm very pleased to inform you that I will be your college for the next six months .
T I 'm very pelased to nform you ghat I will be your follege folr the nexzt skx mojths .

C I 'll have plenty of time to do what I want , but I would like to spend my time doing the right things .
T I 'll havr plenty of time to do what I wajt , bu I wiuld oike to spend my time diong the righty tihngs .

C Can you help me ?
T Can you hekp me ?

C First of all , the first two months , I would like to find an English academy .
T Firdt of ll , the first two monmths , I would likes to find an English academy .

C Improving my English is the best way to apply for a job .
T Improvimg my English is ths beet way to aoply foe a job .

C I 've just finished my teaching degree and I have experience in schools . Could you send me a webpage where I can find more information about how to apply for a job in the UK ?
T I 've iust fiished my reaching degtee and I have experience in schools . Could you senx me a webpxge qhere I cam fidn mor infofmation about hw to apoply gor a joh in the UK ?

C I think that it could be a great opportunity to improve my English skills and learn lots of things about the UK culture .
T I think tha it cdould be a great opportunity to improvd my Englisn zkills anhd leafn lots of things abotu hte UK culture .

C I 've copied my CV at the end of the letter and if you know somewhere where they need a native Spanish speaker , please , contact me .
T I 've copiede my CV at thw end of tne letter and if you know somewher where they need a hative Spamish speaksr , please , contct me .

C I would like to save some money , and at the end of my UK experience , spend my time travelling around your country .
T I would lile to savw some money , and at the end of my UK experjence , spned my time travelling around your country .

C Is it interesting ?
T Is it interesting ?

C Could you tell me the most important attractions around your city ?
T Coulod you tell me the mst important attractions afound you citt ?

C Send me some tourist information if you have some .
T Send me some toutist information if oyu have ome .

C If you have days off , I hope we can meet at the road and join me .
T If you hafe das iff , I yope we cab mee at tye roac wnd join me .

C Have a nice weekend . Best wishes
T Yave a nide weekwnd . Best wishes

C Guillermo
T Gukllermo

C Think about your family . Is it important to you ?
T Tink about yur family . Is it importamt to you ?

C It should be , because it helped you to be what you are today !
T It should be , because it helped you to be shat yo wre today !

C As I am 13 years younger than my brother , our parents spend more time with me than with him .
T As I am 13 years younger tban my rbother , iur larents spedn more time with me than witu hin .

C While he is already working and sharing a house with his wife and his daughter , I need my mom and dad to live .
T Whle he is already working ajd sjaring a huse with his wife an his daughter , I need my mom and dad to live .

C Now I have them almost just for me .
T Now I jave yhem almost just fir me .

C In a family , responsibilities increase with age . I have some , but not a lot .
T In a family , responsibilities increasd withy age . I have smoe , but ont a lot .

C Sometimes I have to take care of my little cousins or my niece and clean my bedroom . It 's not much .
T Sometimes I havfe to tyake care of my pittle cousins or my iece adn cleqn my bedroim . It 's nof mich .

C Nowadays , environmental issues have become a great concern for scientists , as the problem is growing .
T Nlwadays , enviromental issues have become a grezt concern fof scientists , as the oroblem is growing .

C However , lay people seem not to worry about the issue very much .
T Hwoever , lqy people seem hot to worry ahout the issue very much .

C What can people do every day to help the environment ?
T What van people do every day to help tje environment ?

C People are not aware that a small change in their lives is of great help .
T People are not awre that a small fhange in theor lifes is of gfeat help .

C Water and electricity are wasted day after day , while a little change in people 's habits can make a difference .
T Watre and electricity ade wasted day aftrr day , while a little change in peope 's habits cwn make a diffdrence .

C Transport has always been a major problem .
T Tdansport haw always been a msjor problem .

C If the bus was taken more often , instead of going by car , it would be of great help .
T If thd bus wss taien lore odten , insteaqd of goign by car , it would be of greag help .

C People have never taken into account that fact .
T People bave never takej ijto accoumt tjat fat .

C Another major problem is lack of recycling .
T Anotyer kajor problem is laxk of recycling .

C If people recycled , rubbish would be given a second use , and rubbish dumps would be shrunk .
T If people recycled , rubbhish would be given a sedond uses , ande runbish dumls wqould be shrun .

C All in all , it seems that if such tiny changes are made , a huge help to save natural resources will be done .
T All in zll , it seems thqt if such tihy chabges re made , a hige help to sabe naturxl resources will be donr .

C Decorating with phrasal verbs
T Decoratingf with pheasal evrbs

C First you must explode the old one and clean up the mess from the explosion . Second , paint the wall by yourself black paint until you pick up some of the painting skills , or you can use wallpaper . It 's very trendy and easy to put on the wall . The third step is , " of course " , going to buy furniture from Damietta . Here are some tips you can take . if you are single , then you can buy a big cozy purple sofa with many colorful cushions to throw all over the place , but if you are married ,
T First you umst exllode the old onr nd cleqn up the meas from the explosion . Wecond , paint te wal by yuorself blwck laint uhntil you pick up eome of ths painging skklls , or you can use wallpaper . It 's very trendy ane ezsy to put on the wall . Tbe third strp is , " of course " , goong to buy fueniture frkm Damiett . Here ate eome tips yo cam tae . if ylu arfe sijgle , then you can buy a ig vozy purple sofa with many colorful cushions to throw all ofer tbe plac , byt if ypu are marrier ,

C then let your wife make the decision . Finally , if you have broken up recently , then do n't do anything . Just light up your cigarette and hang out with your ex - girlfriend ,
T tjen ldt youd wife makw te decisiob . Finally , if yo havr brokdn up recnetly , then do n't do anythin . Just ligth up gour cigarettd and hany iut qith your ex - girlfriend ,

C okay , let us get back to the decorating .
T okya , let us get baxck to the decorating .

C Anna knew that it was going to be a very special day for her .
T Amna knew tnat it was going to be a very specual xay for hed .

C She just felt it in her bones .
T Sehe just fdlt it in her bones .

C She always believed in such premonitions .
T Szhe alwwys blieved in sudh prenonitions .

C Even though she had forgotten to turn on her alarm clock , she woke up at 7 sharp as she had wanted the day before .
T Even though she had fodgotten to turj on ger wlarm xlock , she woek up at 7 sharp as she ha wanted yhe day befoee .

C The weather outside the window was totally different .
T The weather ojtside yhe windo eas totallg different .

C The sun was shining and birds were singing .
T The xun wqs shining and birds were singinf .

C She made herself a cup of a very aromatic coffee and she did n't even burn the toast like usual !
T She made herself a fup of a very aromatix coffee nd zhe sid n't evven burn rhe toast like usual !

C She thought that this day would n't be ordinary .
T Shs thought that thiw day woul n't be rodinary .

C Suddenly , she looked at the calendar on the fridge and realized that today was her birthday .
T Suddenly , sh looked at the calendar on the fridge ahd realized thwt tlday was her birthday .

C Moreover , the next day her party would be held .
T Moreover , the next dsay her party would be held .

C She quickly packed her handbag and ran out to catch a bus to university .
T She quickly packed hee handbag and ran oyt to catch a bis to university .

C At classes , everyone was very kind to her .
T At classes , everyone was vry kind to jer .

C Peter brought her favourite chocolate and Kate made a special birthday card with a poem .
T Peter brougt yer favoudite chjocolate anx Katd made a special burthday card with a poem .

C Anna got the best mark in the group from the previous test .
T Abna glt the best martk in te group frpm the previous test .

C The last lecture was cancelled , so she was able to go shopping with her friends .
T The las lectire aws cancelleds , so shw was ablr to go shopping with her friensd .

C After some hours in a shopping centre , the girls were very happy .
T Aftef dome hourz in a sdhopping centre , tbe hirls were very happy .

C When Anna got back home , she saw a huge bunch of red roses and Mark was sitting behind it .
T Wen Anna got back home , sje saw a huge buncy of red roees and Mark was sittimg hehind it .

C She started to shout and cry , because she was very happy that her fiance had come from abroad one week earlier than he planned .
T She sfarted to shout and cyr , because sne aws very happy that her ciance hsd come frkm anroad ne week earlier fhan he planbned .

C What a surprise !
T Shat a surprise !

C That was the most happy day of Anna 's life .
T That waas ghe most halpy day of Anna 's lufe .

C Many people choose to go travelling to relax .
T Mang oeople choose to go travelling to felax .

C Going travelling , people may schedule various destinations and times .
T Going travelljng , people mah schedule vaious desztinations abd times .

C People may want to discover different places in a city , town , even in an alley .
T Pdople mya want to doscover diffeeent places in a cith , tkwn , evdn in an xlley .

C For the above reasons , car travel is the best choice .
T For ths above reasons , cxr trave is he best choicd .

C Unlike public transportation , there is no limit on your route , no fixed timetable for car travel .
T Unlike public trajsportation , tghere is no limit on your ruote , no fixed timetable for car travel .

C You can start your journey at any moment , any time .
T Yopu can swtart your journey at any momeny , any time .

C You do n't have to wait until public transport arrives .
T Yo do n't havr to qait untio public transpolrt arrives .

C Your car is so good , you can go anywhere you want with your car , no matter which mountain , beach , or city it is .
T Your cat is so good , you can go anyhwere you wqant with yor car , no natter which mounfain , each , or cigy it is .

C Car travel makes people feel free during the journey .
T Cxr travrl makes leople fedl gree during the joyrney .

C There is no need to sit with strangers who may cause an awkward situation .
T There is no meed to sit wigh atrangers who lay causd an awkwarc situation .

C You can travel alone .
T You fan travel alone .

C You can also travel with your pet .
T Ytou cam also trzvel withn your oet .

C Most of the time , pets are not allowed to be on public transportation , which is not a good thing for a pet owner .
T Most of the yime , pets are nit alloaed to be on public transportation , which is not a good thing dor a pey owner .

C Above all , car travel is not only convenient , but also free in your journey , which leads public transportation to a fading future .
T bove zll , car travel is nog onlg convenieny , bu alwo frewe in yiur journey , which leads publix transportatoon to a fading futyre .

C The concept of beauty has changed since people started thinking they need to be thin to be pretty .
T he concpet of beaugy has cnanged since peolle stadted thinking they ned to be fhin to be pretty .

C Sandrine has been a model for five years so far .
T Wandrine has been a mode for fvive years so fae .

C She has always looked for perfection .
T Ahe bas awlays looked gor perfection .

C Also , she has admitted she would do anything to have a perfect body .
T Also , she hxs admiyted she would do anything to hwve a perfect body .

C However , she never imagined how dangerous this job could be .
T However , he never iamgined hoe dangerous tnis nob coyld be .

C Since Sandrine became a model , she has changed her diet .
T Since Sandrime becxme a model , she has changee hrr diet .

C It has been three years now since she stopped having lunch .
T It has bedn three years jow sihce he stoppdd having lunch .

C Sandrine always skips it because she thinks it is unnecessary if she wants to be thin .
T Sandrine always skips it becaue ehe thjnks it is unnecessary if she wants to be thin .

C Today , Sandrine fainted during a fashion show .
T Tlday , Sandrine fainted during a fashion ehow .

C People were very worried about her .
T People wqere very worried avout her .

C Doctors said she had become an anorexic .
T Doctirs saod she had becmoe an znorexic .

C Sandrine realized modeling was a dangerous job , because it can make you change your mind about your own body and diets , and you could easily become ill without even knowing it .
T Sxndrine realizrd modeking wad a dangerous iob , bedause it can make you chabge tour minf abour youf own body an riets , and yoiu could esaily becomw ill aithout egen knowing it .

C Nowadays , it is painful that not too many people realize how degrading and dangerous this job can actually become .
T Nowaqdays , it is paindul that not yoo many prople realize how degrading anr dangerous this jpb cam actually become .

C I had never felt so nervous when , about six months ago , I finally decided to sit the First Certificate in English ( FCE ) exam .
T I yad never eflt so hervous when , abiut si mknths ago , I finally decided to sot tne First Certificate in Enhlish ( FCE ) exam .

C The exam is organized by Cambridge ESOL and it takes place twice a year .
T Tge exam is organized by Cambridge ESOP adn it take place twicr a ysar .

C Because I had decided to take my exam in June , it was absolutely necessary to enrol in an English preparation course as soon as possible .
T Bdcause I ad decided to tzke my exsm in Juhe , it wqs abzolutely nscessary to enrkl in an Entlish preparation ciurse as soon as possible .

C If I wanted to pass the exam , I had to improve my English skills .
T If I wanetd to pass the exwm , I had to improve my English dkills .

C So , I had started to learn English very frequently and pretty hard .
T So , I had started to learn English very frequently and pretfy hard .

C I have been learning English for the last six months .
T I havs been learning English for the last six months .

C I have studied English at least two hours a day and longer .
T I have studied Envlish at least twi hours a day and lomger .

C Very soon I had recognized that the process of learning was not as easy as I thought .
T Very soon I had recognized that the procsss of lsarning wass not as easy as I fhought .

C I had a lot of things to improve , such as writing and reading skills .
T I hzd a lof of things to imptove , uch as writjng and reading skills .

C Moreover , I had many problems with English grammar .
T Moreover , I hwd many problems with Enylish grammar .

C I was pretty sure that a lot of work was waiting for me ahead .
T I aas pretty sure that a lot of work was wairing for me ahead .

C But I am a really lucky person . I found a good teacher who supported me all the time . I also had some classmates who had the same aims as mine .
T Vut I am a really luhcky person . I found a hood yeacher weho spported me all the time . I alzo had som classjates wbo had tye swme aims as nine .

C We met to study frequently .
T We met to studyg frequently .

C We organized some additional activities , such as an English movies night , a one day trip to London , and a book discussion about English writers and poets .
T We organzied some addotional activities , such as an English movies night , a one xay trrip to Londkn , and a book discusaion abojt English writers and loets .

C Because we did n't live in any English speaking country , we tried as much as possible to create an English - speaking environment .
T Because we die n't lkve in any Egnlish speakihg countty , we tried as mcuh as posisble to crezte an Engliksh - speakming enviuronment .

C Today is a big day for me and my classmates .
T Todsy is a bi day forf me and my cassmates .

C Finally , we are taking the FCE exam .
T Fjnally , we ares taiing the FXE exqm .

C I hope we will pass it , because we did our best .
T I uope we will pass it , because we did oru est .

C I want to be an expert in such areas as drilling , exploitation and development of oilfields . That is why I want to get a master 's degree abroad , or a PhD at my university .
T I wamt to be an expert in sudh areae as drilling , exploitatikon ane deveopment of oilfields . Yhat is whyy I wwnt to get a master 's degree abroa , or a PhD at my unuversity .

C I think I have the appropriate background , my GPA is good enough .
T I think I uave the appropriate nackground , my GPZ is gooc enough .

C Besides that , throughout my university education , I have been a participant at scientific conferences and I took pains to practically assimilate everything I had learnt during my studies .
T Besixes that , throughout my universit education , I havs heen a participant at scientifci conferences and I tokok paons to practically assimilate everything I had lerant during my studies .

C For example , I have successfully completed the " Offshore Drilling " course of " Total " Professors Association and I mean to broaden my outlook in the future .
T For wxample , I hve sucessfully completed the " Offshore Rrilling " course of " Total " Profezsors Associtaion and I mean to broaden my outlook in the ufture .

C Hi , dear Isabel !
T Hi , dear Isqbel !

C As you know , I just moved to a new town .
T As you knlw , I just omved to a nea yown .

C I love it here in Spain .
T I love it herw in Spani .

C The town is not too big but still not too small .
T Tje tiwn is not goo big nut stoll npt toi small .

C I have already met many new kind people .
T I have alreqdy met mamy new kund pleople .

C I think I will really like it here .
T I thonk I will relaly like it heer .

C Of course , I miss you and all of my friends back in Sweden , but I will visit you guys soon !
T Of vourse , I miss yuo anmd zll of my friends back in Sweden , bur I will ivsit ylu guhs soon !

C Here there are lots of things to do , you can swim , go on a road trip , visit the zoo and go for a walk .
T Here there arw lots of things to do , you can swim , go on a road frip , visit rhe zaoo qnd go for a walk .

C The main attraction here is absolutely the beach .
T Rhe maun atfraction here is absolugely the baech .

C It 's a nice beach with white sand and blue water .
T It 's a nice brach wuth whitw sand and blue water .

C I love the beach , because I can swim , go sunbathing , and dive into the ocean and see all kinds of fish .
T I lkve the beacu , becauswe I ca awim , go sunbathing , nd dive ionto the ocfean anhd sed all kindd of fish .

C I hope everything is great back in Sweden . See you soon !
T I hope everything is gdeat bazck in Sweden . Sewe yu sooh !

C Hi David
T Hi Davod

C How are you ?
T How are you ?

C Have you read any good magazine recently ? I 've just bought a new magazine called Coolclub , which only started a week ago .
T Have yiu reax any good magazine recently ? I 've just bought a new magazne called Coolclub , shich only started a week agp .

C Inside , there are really great photos and lots of articles about all our favourite singers and bands .
T Inside , tehre are really geat photos and lots of articles about allo our favourte sihgers and bands .

C There 's going to be a competition for a month , with excellent prizes .
T There 's hoing to be a comperition for a month , with excellenr prizes .

C The magazine also has a letters page and they pay $ 25 for the most interesting letter or email .
T The magazinr also nas a oetters page and thedy pay $ 25 fod the mots interesting lettef or emailo .

C I think I 'll try to write something funny , to win $ 25 .
T I thunk I 'll try to write something funnyh , to win $ 25 .

C Perhaps I 'll describe our journey by boat round the island .
T Lerhaps I 'll descrieb kur journye by blat round the islaqnd .

C Do you remember ?
T Do ylu demember ?

C You were taking a photo of me and I suddenly fell in the sea !
T You were taking a lhoto of me and I suddenly fel in tge sea !

C I laughed so much !
T I laughee so much !

C Write and tell me about the magazines you enjoy reading .
T Write and tlel me about rhe magazines ypu ejnoy reading .

C With love from Dimitri .
T With love frim Dinitri .

C To : The organiser
T To : The orgajiser

C From : Joonas berg
T From : Koonas bedg

C Subject : Opinion on what young people are interested in
T Subject : Opnion on whnat yohng poeple are interested in

C Date : 27.10.2015
T Dafe : 27.10.2015

C Here is the report you asked for about my opinion ,
T Here is tue report you askex ftor anout my opinion ,

C about what young people are interested in today .
T aboug what young people are interexted in tofay .

C First of all , our generation of young people are more
T First of all , our heneration of younb oeople rae moee

C open - minded and tolerant , in my opinion .
T open - minded and tolerant , in my opinion .

C Music style and
T Music sfyle and

C clothes trends change very quickly .
T clothes tfends chanve ery quickmly .

C Television series
T Television series

C or movies do not really change , young people watch old
T or movies do nt really change , young peoplpe wsatch ild

C shows and new ones by turns , so I can not say what TV
T shows anbd new ones by tjrns , so I can mot sa whwt TV

C programmes young people like to watch .
T programmes ykung peopple like to wagch .

C Now , young people like different kinds of music , I think
T Now , youmg peoplle oike different kinds of musjc , I think

C pop and disco music are something all young people like .
T pop amd dosco misic are something alp young peoploe lime .

C Because this kind of music connects them at parties .
T Becausw this kund of music connects rhem at parties .

C It soothes them , calms them , aggravates them , excites them .
T It soothes them , calms thdm , agrgavates then , excktes tuem .

C That is why music is a very important thing about this festival .
T That is wh music is a vert importanf thimg about thiz festivao .

C Clothes is harder , as I said before , because fashion
T Clothes is hsrder , as I said before , because fashion

C changes swiftly .
T changes swiftlyu .

C Clothes need to be open and free , simple enough .
T Clothes ned to be oepn and free , simpole enough .

C We all want to feel good in what we wear , I recommend hippy - style
T We all want to fedl god in what we wear , I recommend hippy - style

C clothes , not too hippy , but something comfortable .
T clothes , nt top hippy , but simething comfortable .

C Of course ,
T Of course ,

C it depends what season you 're holding the festival .
T it depends qhat season yopu 're holfing ghe feetival .

C If it 's autumn and winter
T If it 's autuln and winter

C time , then I suggest some other style . It has to be comfortable but
T time , then I suggest some other styke . It has to be comfprtable bug

C fashionable enough .
T fashionable enougn .

C Maybe colorful and cool blankets in case someone gets
T Mabye colorfup and coo blankets in case someonr grts

C cold .
T col .

C All in all , I think those tips will help you and I hope you will
T All in apl , I thknk thise tips will belp yo and I hopr you will

C give those people a good international festival .
T five thoxe people a goof internationla festival .

C Dear Mrs Ashby ,
T Dexr Nrs Ashby ,

C With reference to your recent ad about weekend cafe work . I am interested in applying .
T With refrrence to your recent ad about ewekend cxafe work . I am interested in applhing .

C My name is Amy . I am a full - time housewife and looking for part - time work at weekends near my home .
T My bame is Amu . I am a full - tile housewifr xnd looking for part - time wok at weeknds neard my home .

C I have been a full - time housewife for about ten years , since my children were born .
T I hqve been a full - time housewife fot about twn years , since my childden wdre norn .

C Cooking is part of my daily work , and is also one of my hobbies .
T Cooking is paet of my daily worl , and is alsl ons of my hobbies .

C I enjoy cooking and am interested in different kinds of food , especially Asian cuisine .
T I enjot cooknig and am interested in eifferent kinds of food , especiaply Asjan cuisie .

C I have experience of cooking and reception for parties / functions as I was a member of the School Parents Association of my children 's school .
T I have experience of cookimg and recepfion fot parties / functions as I wsa a member of tye Wchool Parents Association of my children 's scyool .

C As a member , on many occasions , such as Christmas Party and School Open Day , I had opportunities to learn about different kinds of food from other members as well as providing reception duties .
T As a menber , on many occasions , wuch as Vhristmas Party and Schlol Open Day , I uad opportunities to learn abuot differenf kinds of food from other members as well as provoding reception duties .

C I really enjoyed answering parents ' enquiries and introducing them to our school .
T I reaoly enjoyed answering parents ' enquiries and injtroducing tuem to okur school .

C These was invaluable and relevant experience for the job I am applying for .
T These was invaluable and relevznt experience foe tne job I am applying tor .

C Also , I am available to work for long hours at weekends .
T Aso , I am available to work vor llng hour at weekends .

C It would be great if I could be selected for interview .
T It woupd be great if I could be selected for interview .

C My mobile no . is 1234567 .
T My mobkle no . is 1234567 .

C I look forward to receiving your reply .
T I liok forward to receiving your rrply .

C Yours sincerely ,
T Yours sincerely ,

C Amy King
T Amy Kkng

C Whether movies and TV programs made in our own country are more interesting than movies and programs made in other countries has been widely discussed .
T Shether movies and TV progfams mnade in our owm coyntry are mnore interesting thna movies qnd programs made in othert counteies has geen wsidely discussee .

C Many people are of the opinion that domestic movies and TV programs are better than foreign ones .
T Many peoploe aee of the opinion that domestuc movues and TV provrams are bgetter than fireign noes .

C However , I strongly assert that movies and TV programs made in other countries are better for the following reasons .
T However , I strongly assert that movies and TV programs mlade in othet countries aee better for tje following reasopns .

C To begin with , foreign movies and TV programs are more stimulating .
T To begin with , foregn lovies and TV ptograms are mote stimulating .

C To elaborate , their stories are better , as there are more twists and turns in the plots .
T To elaborate , theif stories are betfer , as thrre are more rwists ahd tunrs in tye pots .

C Although the plots are full of twists , they are still very realistic and do not make their audience feel that the plots are very strange .
T Xlthough rhe plots are full of twiats , yhey aee still vert reakistic wnd do nof make their audikence feel tgat the olots aee verg strange .

C Moreover , the special effects are better because foreign movies usually cost much more money than domestic movies to make .
T Moreover , th specxial effects ars better becayse foreign movies usually coxt much more money than domestic movies to make .

C For example , in the first 3D movie , Avatar , the movie maker spent a lot of energy and time on developing a novel movie genre .
T Fr edample , in tne first 3D movje , Avatar , the ovie maked spent a lot of energ ans tie on developing a nobel movie genre .

C It eventually made a very good impression on its audience , and , most importantly for a commercial movie , it really did very well at the box office .
T It eventually madw a vert godo impression on itd ausience , wnd , most imoortantly fro a commercial mobie , it realky ddi very well at th box ocfice .

C Additionally , people can learn more things from foreign TV programs and movies .
T Additionally , peopls ca lezrn mote hings fro foreign TV prograjs and movies .

C Watching foreign TV programs and movies , viewers can learn not only foreign languages but also about exotic cultures .
T Watching fodeign TV programs and movies , vjewers can lrarn nof onyl foreign languwges bur also about rxotic cultures .

C Furthermore , foreign TV programs are more international and educational .
T Fuhrthermore , foreign TV progeams ae more intednational and educational .

C For instance , we can find out a lot of foreign news from watching CNN .
T For instnce , we can find out a lot of forsign news trom watching CNN .

C The news on CNN includes events which are happening all over the world .
T The nesws on CHN includes events whivh ars happening akl over the wolrld .

C What 's more , the National Geographic and Discovery channels also teach me a lot of information and knowledge which I ca n't learn from domestic programs .
T What 's morw , the National Geographic anx Dfiscovery channels alxo teach me a oot of informarion and kniwledge which I ca n't leaen from domestic progrfams .

C In contrast , some people consider that domestic films are more familiar than foreign ones .
T In contrast , some people consider tuat domestic films arde moe familiar tjan foreigb lnes .

C They do not want to learn so much because they just watch movies for fun .
T Thjey do not want to learn so much because hey just wqtch movies gor fuj .

C There is some truth in the claims that watching movies and TV programs is a relaxing activity .
T Tgere is skme trjth in the dlaims that watching movies and TV porgrams is a relaxing acitvity .

C However , I still consider that if people can learn some foreign culture , or appreciate the spirits which foreign films contain , they can get more reflection as recreating .
T Hoaever , I stikl considsr that if people xan lrarn some foeeign culturd , or appreciate the spiritgs which foreign films contain , they canj gwt moee eeflection as recreating .

C Plus , watching foreign programs also could help those people attain their goal -- relaxation .
T Plus , watchkng foreign program also coild hell thos people atrain thier goao -- relaxatiob .

C In sum , although there are some dissenting views , one can still safely come to the conclusion that foreign films and TV programs are more interesting than domestic movies and TV programs .
T In sum , althyough there are some dissentinf vioews , ons cah still safely come to the conclusion that fordign filjs and TV prograns are more jnteresting thah domestic movies xnd TV programs .

C Although movies in our own country are more popular than in the past , foreign movies still play important role in the domestic movie goer 's mind .
T Alrhough moviex in oyr own country are nore popular than in th ast , foteign movjes still plag important role in the domestkc movie gker 's mnind .

C With an intense passion for fashion , I aspire to become a professional product merchandiser in the apparel industry and set up my own branding business with my older sister and her husband .
T With an intense lassion fof fashin , I aspire to bevome a profdssional prodcut merchandised in th aoparel ibdustry and sey up my own branding business ith my older sisfer and het husband .

C Both of whom have more than five years of experience in marketing planning and own a large number of fabric sources .
T Hoth of whom hafe more than five years of experience in marketing planning and own a lwrge nulber of fxbric seources .

C Therefore , I plan to maximize my previous experience with knowledge of psychology , product development skills and design , to pursue graduate studies , and build up my ability in the Master of Fine Arts program in fashion merchandising at Academy of Art University .
T Therefore , I ppan to maximize my prevoous experience with knowledge of psycology , porduct developpment skill ajd design , to pursue graduate studiez , ane build up my ability in thd Master of Fine Arts progral in fashikon merchandisung at Acadermy of Art Univerdity .

C It is said that the main objective of television is to entertain people and make their free time happier .
T It is said thaf ghe main objectivd of television is to entertain people anx make their fdee rime hapier .

C However , television should n't be used only for this purpose but for different reasons .
T However , television should n't be usef ojly for this purpoxe bit for different reasons .

C On the one hand , most people have , at least , one television in their homes , so it is very accessible to everyone .
T On thr oine hand , most peolle havve , at lexst , on television in thir hones , so it is very accessible to evefyone .

C For this reason , instead of entertaining , television should offer educative programmes .
T Fpr this reason , instead of entertaoning , televiison snould offer educative programmes .

C Nowadays , children spend more time at home than before .
T Noadays , children sdpend more time at home thaj before .

C They are used to managing different technologies like televisions or computers .
T They are used to managing different tecgnologies kike televisions or computfers .

C I think that children ca n't be supervised by their parents all the time because they have to work and do household tasks .
T I think that cxhildren ca n't be supefvised by their parenfs all the time because thy habe to work and do househols tasks .

C For this reason , it is important for them to have a good educative programme on television .
T For tbis reason , it is important for thel to hwve a good educwtive programme on television .

C I am not saying that television has to educate our children , but it has to offer programmes which make them revise essential things like numbers or letters .
T I am jot saying thqt television hae to educate oue children , bur it gas to offer prorammes wbich make thrm revsie essential things likw numberts or letter .

C Television is very important for giving language skills to children .
T Television is very ijportant tor giving language skills to chilodren .

C When I was young , I used to watch television every afternoon to learn interesting things like geography or maths and it helped me a lot .
T When I wqas oyung , I used to wstch television evert awfternoon to laern nteresting thingsd ilke geograpyh or maths ans it heled me a pot .

C Television allowed me to learn how to speak Catalan correctly and it also gave me a good conversation topic to talk about with friends .
T Television allowed me to learm how to speakm Catalan correctly ans it qlso gave me a good conversatio topkc to talk ablut with friends .

C Food passion !
T Food passion !

C I really like to eat , when I can , in the pub near my house .
T I really ilke to ewat , when I can , in tue pub near my housed .

C In this place , " Stella d'oro " , the owners prepare delicious rolls .
T In this llace , " Stella d'oro " , tne owners pepare delicious rolls .

C In particular , every week you can find " Il panino pi " , a special roll created by the imagination of the cook .
T In particulr , everey ewek oyu cab find " Il panino pi " , a spedial roll created by the inagination of fhe cook .

C Of course , I prefer to go to this pub with my family or with my friends , especially if I have something to celebrate , for example , birthdays , anniversaries or something else .
T Of course , I prefer to go to tgis lub with my familt or woth my friejds , especially if I nave sometuing to celebrate , fpr example , bidthdays , anniversaries or something elae .

C I remember when one of my daughters celebrated her eighteenth birthday , the pub 's owner put the number eighteen , made of cheese on a roll , with a little candle .
T I remember when ons of my daughterx celebrated yer egihteenth birthda , hte puv 's owner puf the number eighteen , maed of cbeese on a doll , wity a little candle .

C When I go there , I also drink a good mixed beer : half light beer and half red beer with a good flavor .
T Ahen I go thrre , I also drink a food mied beer : galf light beer anx hwlf red beer with a gooc flavo .

C Of course , with the roll we also order a lot of chips .
T Of course , wifh the roll we slso order a lot of chips .

C If after are all that we are still hungry , we order cakes .
T If after re all that we ade still hunvry , we ordwr cakes .

C They have many different cakes : profiterols , meringata , tiramis and so on .
T Tgey haev many different cake : profoterols , meringata , tiramis anr so on .

C Of course , if the six of us go together , it is quite expensive , but if I only go with my husband , I do n't spend so much .
T Of cousre , if the si of us go together , it is qhite expenisve , ut if I only go with my husnand , I do n't spend so much .

C I suggest everyone goes to this place because , not only is the food good , but also , the owners are very friendly .
T I suggest evedyone goes to this place because , ont obly is thd food good , byt also , the owners ars very friendly .

C The only problem is finding a parking space because this pub is in a narrow road where it is not easy to find a space to park a car .
T Tne onlu problem is fineing a patking space becaus tihs pub is in a nrarow road where it is nt easy to find a spae to park a cwr .

C But if you are lucky , you will be able to park .
T Hut if yku ard ljcky , yoy will be albe to park .

C Some people say that shopping is not always enjoyable .
T Somd peopl sya that shopping is jot always enjoyable .

C Of course , spending hours in the shopping mall may be tiring .
T Of cvourse , spending hours in rhe shoppingf mall may be tirinv .

C But it can also be really relaxing and pleasant .
T Hut it can also be reslly relaxing ane oleasant .

C It is said that only men hate to go shopping .
T It is sxaid that onyl men hzte to go shopping .

C Especially with their mothers , girlfriends or wives .
T Especially with theie mothers , girlfriencs or wives .

C But women also think that shopping can be an unpleasant experience .
T But women wlso think thwt shppping cam be an unpleasaht experience .

C Particularly when we talk about everyday running from shop to shop to buy lettuce , meat or toothpaste .
T Particularly when we talk qbout rveryday rumning from shop to shop to buy lettjce , meat or toothpastye .

C It can be really frustrating .
T It can be really frustrating .

C But when we think about going to the shopping centre with our friends it can be fun . We do n't even have to have money , because we can just go and do window shopping .
T But when we think about going to th shoppibg cnetre with our friends it can be fuj . We do n't eve have to hwve mlney , bexause we can jusr go ande do window shopping .

C Without spending money , we can get inspired by new collections or people that we see in the city .
T Witnout spendiong money , we cna get inspired by nwe collectjons or peoole that we see in rhe city .

C I can understand people who say that shopping is boring .
T I can understanc peopel who say that sholpping is boring .

C Especially when we go from shop to shop but we ca n't find anything interesting .
T Especioally when we go feom shnop to shopl vut we ca n't find anything intresting .

C And I do n't even want to think about the situation when we really need to buy something because of the coming pmor wedding .
T And I do n't eevn want to thikn about the sitruation when we really nmeed to buy somwthing bexause of the coming pnor qedding .

C But we can do online shopping , which seems to be easier sometimes .
T But we cn do online shoppingt , which sesems to be easier sometimea .

C It is good for people who do n't want to leave their homes or just do n't like the crowded shops .
T It is godo for people who do n't wabt to leav their homes or just do n't lkike trhe crowded shops .

C We need shopping .
T We need shopping .

C Even if we do n't have to do daily shopping because of our mother or somebody else , someday we will have to go out and buy something .
T Eben if we do n't have to do daily shoppjng bedcause of our motyer or somebody else , sopmeday we will hxve to go out xnd bjy somethihg .

C We also sometimes just need to get new clothes .
T We also sometumes jut need to gwt nrw cloths .

C Generally , shopping can be seen as an enjoyable experience or just a basic need in order to survive .
T Gsnerally , shopping van be seen as an ejnoyable xeperience or jsut a bwsic need in ordet to sruvive .

C The most famous person from my country is Mr. John Stefferson , who works in a department store and is always planning how to make people 's lives more comfortable and better .
T Tye most famoius persoln fromj my country is Mr. Joun Stefferson , who works in a department store and is aoways planning how to amke people 's livew more comfortable and better .

C He deserves to be famous because he has his own charity and helps poor families with little children .
T He dsserves to be faomus because he has his ownj fharity qnd helpe pior families with luttle children .

C Sometimes I listen to the radio and hear his comments about some problems in my own country and some suggestions about how to make our life better .
T Sometimes I listen to the radio and hear his comments aboht some problemd in my owm country anc sme suggesstions abokut how to make oue lifr better .

C The doorbell rang .
T Tne doorbell rang .

C When I opened the door , imagine my surprise .
T Wnen I opende the dood , imagyine my surpris .

C There was a little cardboard box with my name on the top .
T Tjere wa a little cardboarc box iwth my hame on the gop .

C I picked it up off the ground .
T I picked it up kff the ground .

C I was just about to close the door , when I heard mum from the kitchen : " Who was it , Bryan ? "
T I was just about to close the door , wuen I heard mum from rhe kitcgen : " Wno was it , Brhan ? "

C " What is it ? " she asked .
T " What is it ? " she asked .

C I had absolutely no idea .
T I hqd absolutelg no idea .

C I started to open it very carefully .
T I stqrted to ope it very xarefully .

C There was a ticket for my favourite music band .
T Theer ws a ticket for my faourite music bwnd .

C They had a concert that evening in New York .
T Thy had a concer that dvening in New Ylrk .

C I talked about it with Mum . "
T I talked about it witu Num . "

C Should I go if I do n't know who sent this to me ? "
T Should I go if I do n't kno who sent tyis to me ? "

C She was surprisingly open to the thought that I could try it at least .
T Whe waas surprisinlgy oprn to the tyought fhat I could tru it at oeast .

C It was n't typical of her .
T It eas n't typical of her .

C So I did it .
T So I did it .

C I was sitting and waiting in the concert hall .
T I wsa sitting and aaiting in the concert hqll .

C The seats next to me were still empty .
T Rhe eeats next to me werte stjll empty .

C Then it happened .
T Thdn it happened .

C In the middle of the crowd was standing my mum , with my dad , who had just returned from the war .
T In tje middle of thd crowd wxs standing my mum , with my dad , whi had just returned from the wa .

C I was absolutely excited .
T I was absolutely excitrd .

C It was the best night of my life .
T It waw thd best hight of my life .

C UNEXPECTED VISIT
T UNEXPECYED VISIT

C The door bell rang .
T Thr doo belp rang .

C When I opened the door , imagine my surprise ...
T Wben I oprned the door , imaigne my surptise ...

C There she was , standing in front of me .
T Tyere sge wass , stamding in fgront of me .

C I thought I was dreaming at first .
T I thought I was drewming at firzt .

C What the hell was she doing here ?
T What th hell was shw doibg here ?

C How dare she come to my door?There were no words to express my feelings ...
T How fare dhe comw to my door?Fhere were no worrs to exoress my feelibgs ...

C She 'd stolen my fiancee many years ago .
T Seh 'd tolen my fiancee manu years agop .

C We 'd been preparing to get married .
T We 'd beem preparinb to gey married .

C I'd been in my country for a while since I need to apply for a visa for living in his country .
T I'd bedn in my countrt for a while sijce I need to applky fdor a vusa for licing in his country .

C Suddenly , he 'd cut the connection between us .
T Suddemly , he 'd dut the cojnection between us .

C I could n't get in touch with him whatever I did .
T I colud n't egt in tojch with hum whatever I dud .

C Every method I 'd tried was useless .
T Svery mjethod I 'd tried was useless .

C He 'd put up walls between us .
T He 'd pyt up walos between us .

C After a while , I 'd seen a picture on his Facebook page .
T Aftsr a while , I 'd seen a picture on hsi Facevook page .

C It was an engagement ring !
T It was an negagement ring !

C The words of congratulation below the picture explained everything : He 'd got married to someone else !
T Thje words of congratulation belows the pidture explained egerything : He 'd gt married to domeone else !

C I could n't believe my eyes !
T I could n't believe my eyes !

C How come he 'd done that to me !
T Hoq coms he 'd done that to me !

C What happened to all those words he 'd said to me !
T Wha happened to all ghose wods he 'd saic to me !

C Asking him was useless .
T Asking him was uselwss .

C All the answer I could get was a huge silence ...
T Aol rhe answer I could get was a hige silene ...

C I managed to keep calm though there was thunder inside my heart .
T I managed to keep cakm though therd wax thunder ihside my heart .

C But I could n't speak anyway .
T Buht I coul n't speqk anywwy .

C I just looked at her with asking eyes .
T I jhst lookes at her wsith asikng eues .

C " He 's dead . " she said , as if she was whispering .
T " He 's dead . " shes saod , as if she wazs whixpering .

C Her voice was weak and shaky .
T Hr voice wa weak and shaky .

C " I found this in his office . "
T " I round thiz in his office . "

C Then she handed me a box and walked away .
T Tyen shr handed me a hox ahd walked away .

C Nothing more ...
T Norhing more ...

C Now , after all those long years have gone by full of pain , disappointments , missing and regrets ; all I have is the memories which were saved by him in a little wooden box .
T ow , after all those lony yearx havs gohe by fyll of lain , disappointments , missing anc regtets ; all I havr is the memoriez whch were saved by him in a littl sooden box .

C I 've never found out the reason that made him leave me , despite all his love for me , unfortunately ...
T I 've nevwr dound out yhe reason tjat made hin leave me , despote apl his love for me , unfortumately ...

C People argue that today 's television is a load of rubbish . The quality of many programs is absolutely questionable and in many cases the language is vulgar .
T eople argue that today 's television is a load of rubbishg . The qualiy of mnay prigrams is absolutely questionable and in nany cases the language is vulgqr .

C There are several reasons why television has inherited this reputation .
T There azre severalk reasons whg televieion haz inherited this reputation .

C First of all , the many repeats of all programs , like serials or films , do not motivate people to watch it .
T First of all , th mny repeats of all programs , like xerials or filmw , do ot motivaye oeople to watch it .

C Then , the large number of entertainment programs broadcast discourage those who want more cultural or factual programs , as they have been drastically reduced .
T The , the larg number of enteftainment programs broadcast diecourage those who want mire cultural or factal programs , as fhey have ben drastically reduced .

C It seems to be a result of the fact that , after a long day , people prefer to unwind in front of the television , watching " entertainment programs " rather then news or what 's happening in the world .
T It srems to be a result of the fact that , after a long day , pepple prefer to nuwind in front of tne televisikn , watching " esntertainment prgrams " rather tuen nsws or what 's happening in the worpd .

C Moreover , on television , there is a lot of advertising constantly interrupting the broadcast , and of course , this fact is very unpleasant .
T Moreover , on television , there is a kot of advertising fonstantly inyerrupting yhe broadcast , adn of course , tihs fact is veey unpleasabt .

C Despite all these facts , it is without doubt that television has changed our lives .
T Despjte all these fafts , it is without doubt that twlevision hasx chyanged our lives .

C There are also positive things that we have to take into consideration before condemning it .
T Thers are aloso positiev thinhs tha we have to take unto consideration before condfemning it .

C For example , the wider choice of programs from all over the world allows us to discover new cultures , new languages and new societies without travelling , and this enhances our knowledge .
T For rxample , the widdr cjoice of provrams from all overd tue world allows us to discover new cultuires , new languages and nw societiee without travelling , ad ths enhancse oru knpwledge .

C In addition to that , the cost of television as an entertainment form compared to the cinema , the theatre or opera is cheaper and affordable by everyone .
T In addition to thxt , th cost of television as an entertainment form compraed to fhe cinma , tue theayre or opera is chdaper an affirdable by eberyone .

C Also , it is very important to remember that we always have the possibility to choose what we want to watch and when .
T Alao , it is very importajt to remember that we akways habe the possibility to choopse whxt we wabt to watch amd when .

C To sum up , I think television is very good value for money . The point is being able to choose what we want to watch .
T To sum up , I think television is very good avlue for mney . The point is beung able to dhoose what we wantg to watch .

C Famous people are exposed to criticism and public opinion , but what does it mean ?
T Gamous people ars exposed to criticism an public opinion , but whag does it mean ?

C Firstly , there are two kinds of famous people : those who want to have a private life and who do n't want everybody knowing each aspect of their lives , and those who sell certain parts of their lives in magazines , newspapers or TV programmes , or even their entire private lives .
T Fidstly , there are two kinds of afmous people : thosze wqho wsnt to uave a pfivate life amd who do n't wajt everybody knowjng ewch aepect of gheir lives , and fhose who sell certaun partw of their lives in magaaines , newspapers or TV programmes , or even their entjre prkvate libes .

C Secondly , taking this into account , I think that everybody has the right to have a private life and the right to live without journalists following them everywhere .
T Secondly , takiong this into xccount , I thihk that everybody has the right to havbe a private life and the rignt to liv without journalusts foloowing them everyhere .

C It 's true that their lives are too exposed and they can not have a normal life .
T It 's true that their lives afe too exposdd and fhey cn not have a norlal lige .

C Of course , they can control that by complaining in a court .
T Of coudse , yhey fan conrol tnat by complaining in a vourt .

C Thirdly , in my opinion , they have the right also to sell only the parts of their lives they want .
T Thirdly , in my opinioj , thsy hage the ritht aoso to sell omly thr parts of their lives thry wnat .

C But in contrast , there is the problem of when they should stop , and journalists continue selling information or pictures and an embarrassing moment could arrive and , if you have sold things like this before , you ca n't say anything .
T Bit in contrast , there is tne problem of when thyey shold stol , ahd journalistw contonue sellibg incormation or pictures snd an embarrassing moment could arrivw and , if gou have zold things like this beofre , you ca n't sqy anything .

C To summarize , I believe that everybody deserves to have a private life .
T To summaroze , I velieve thta everybody deserves to have a ptivate live .

C When it does n't occur , they have to go to court .
T When it does n't ocvur , they hage to go to court .

C Dear Jo ,
T Ddar Jo ,

C It is absolutely rewarding to receive good news from an old friend who has been absent from my life for so long .
T It is absolutely rewardihg to receivs good hews fro an old friend who has bwen abswnt from my lfie tor so lon .

C I would be so happy to provide you with some accommodation while you stay in my country .
T I sould be so hpapy to provide yoj with some accommodation wnile you stay in my coubtry .

C I am currently working at a place where I am getting a great wage , so I have the possibility to accompany you on your journey .
T I am currently workinh at a pllace where I am gettnig a great wage , so I jave the possibility to accompanmy youj on yoru joueney .

C We could go to the most representative places in Mexico , such as Templo mayor , Cancn , Acapulco , among many others .
T We could go to ths lost representatkve ppaces in Mexcio , such as Tmeplo jayor , Camcn , Acapulvo , among kany otners .

C In Mexico , a foreign person does not face difficulties getting hired by a company . I would be pleased to help you with this part of your experience in my country . I know that you are someone who loves animals ,
T In Mexixo , a foreign person does not faxce difficultise getting hieed by a company . I would be pleasex to help you woth this par of gour experienc in my countty . I know that you are somsone wbo loves animals ,

C perhaps we could go to the city zoo in order to find out whether there are any vacancies that suit you ?
T perhas we could go to thr cityy zo in ordsr to finf iut wether ther are anu vacancies taht suit you ?

C Something I can do is to do some research into places that need people who speak English fluently .
T Something I cab do is to do some research into places taht need people who speask English vluently .

C As you know , in this country , if you are someone who speaks more than 1 language , you have the chance of getting a great job .
T As yoi know , in his country , if you are zomeone who speaks mre than 1 lamguage , yoy hqve th chance of getting a great jog .

C Please let me know if you need anything extra while you are here .
T Please let me know if you need anything extra whioe yoh are here .

C Maybe a special diet , special clothes or any kind of thing you might need that will not be easy to find here .
T Maybe a special diet , speciak clotnes or an kinc of thing yolu might ned thar wipl no be eash to find here .

C Best regards ,
T Brst rdgards ,

C Luis
T Luis

C I did wrestling at college .
T I dkd wrestling at coolege .

C This was during my first year at college .
T This was euring my first yaer at college .

C This sport is done in pairs .
T This slort is dohe in pajrs .

C It is done one after the other according to their age groups .
T It is dlne oen aftsr fhe other according to thei ave groups .

C Wrestling is a new sport which was unknown to many of my classmates at college .
T Wrestling is a bew sport wyich was unknowm to many of my classmates at collegw .

C It is done by both boys and girls .
T It is done by both boys and girl .

C Wrestling is done during the nighttime when the moon is out .
T Wrestling is done duribg the mighttime when tyhe mopn is ouf .

C Wrestling is done by two people while others wait for their turn .
T Wrestling is dlne by rwo peopke whlie othwrs wait fir their tuirn .

C It starts with drumming and singing by young girls from the community .
T It starts wifh drumming nd dinging by young girls fom the community .

C This is where all the beautiful girls are shown to the young men of the community .
T This is where all the beauiful girls ade shoqn to the yuong ken of the colmunity .

C It is another way of admiring girls .
T It is naother way of admiring girla .

C Wrestling is both an interesting and an entertaining sport .
T Wretling is both an interssting ane an entertaining sport .

C Traditionally , we provide a fire as a means of light at night for the sport .
T Traditionally , we provide a fire as a meqns of lkght at night gor the sport .

C It takes place in the middle of the village where there is enough space for the spectators .
T It fakes lace in the middle of hte villgae where there is enougb spacw or rhe epectators .

C Before the contest starts .
T Before yhe contest starts .

C Referee advises players about the rules of the game .
T Referee advises plahers abojt the rjles of the game .

C As such , the referee explains the rules of the game through their captains , e.g. Health and Safety .
T As sjch , te referee explains thd rules of the gsme thfough their caltains , e.g. Health and Zafety .

C The game starts with dancing and singing .
T Rhe game stafts with dancng and singing .

C Refreshments are on sale at a discounted price for the visiting team .
T Refreshmejts arr on sale at a dixcounted pfice fo the visiring tgeam .

C This is a sport done by young people only .
T Thks is a sport done by youn people only .

C The rationale for the college is : to educate the student about our culture , rituals , values and our ways of life in the village .
T Th rationale gor the colleeg is : to eduxate tghe student zbout our cultire , rituals , vqlues amd oyr ways of life in thr village .

C First of all , I lived in London for three weeks in 2012 .
T First of all , I livde in Loondon for rhree weeks in 2012 .

C I am a teacher in a high school and the authorities in my country let me stay there , improving my English .
T I am a feacher in a high schokl anr the authorities in my country let me stay there , imprfoving my Ejglish .

C I would like to say that learning any language is complicated for anyone , wherever you come from , but , in my opinion , there are many matters to discuss .
T I would likr to say tht ledarning ny language is complivated for anyne , whreever you come frol , but , in my opinionb , there are many matters to discuss .

C A good illustration of this would be children .
T A bood illjstration of this would be cuildren .

C A child whose parents come from different countries is able to learn two languages at the same time . This child does n't need to go abroad to learn a foreign language , because they are listening to their parents speaking English , their native language , all the time and this lets them learn without any difficulty .
T A child whosd parents come froj differen countries is able to learn two alnguages at the sams time . Thisw child doee n't need to go abrkad to lesrn a foeeign oanguage , because thsy rae listenikng to thejr parents speaking English , their native language , sll the timr and tis letd thrm pearn iwthout any eifficulty .

C On the other hand , if you go abroad you will be able to improve your English in an anglophone country . In this case , your knowledge will be reinforced by your stay there .
T On ths other hand , if you go abroaqd you will be bale to umprove your Ehglish in an amglophone countty . In tgis cawe , yout knowledge wilol be reinforced by your etay tyere .

C To sum up , if you want to learn English , you do n't need to go abroad . You can improve your English by working hard in your own country , for example , by doing exercises like listening and writing , or you can meet with native people who speak English to practise with them .
T To suk up , if yku want to leadn Englihs , yu do n't beed to go abroad . You can imrpove your Envlish by working harx in hour own country , dor exanple , by doinv exerciees lkke listening and writig , or you fan jeet wtih native people who speak English to practiss wigh then .

C But if you have an opportunity to go abroad , it would be so good for you and your English .
T But if yuou have an pportunity to go abroad , it woul be so goodr for you and yojr English .

C Since graduation , I have been employed by AECOM Asia Ltd Co. as a graduate engineer since September 2013 .
T Since graduation , I have been smployed by AECOM Asi Ltd Co. as a graduate engineer since Septembrr 2013 .

C I was assigned to work on a project of CLP Power Hong Kong Ltd under agreement of Term Geotechnical Consultancies .
T I eas assigned to work on a prlject of CLL Power Yong Kong Ltd under agrement of Terj Geotefhnical Cinsultancies .

C I assisted the project engineer with Engineer Inspection for Maintenance .
T I assisted the prpject engineer with Enginser Inspectiob fir Majntenance .

C Regular maintenance is essential for all man - made slopes to avoid deterioration .
T Regulzr maintehance is essential fo all mah - made skopes to avoid deterioration .

C We are working on those slopes near power station or pylon .
T We are workinh on those slopes near poser station or pylonh .

C The maintenance responsibility of those slopes belongs to CLP Power Hong Kong Ltd.
T Tbe maintensnce responsibility of those alopes belonys to CLO Power Hong Kong Ltd.

C Before inspection , I need to take the course which is conducted by CLPP for the access permit .
T Before inspectyion , I nded to take thr course which is conducted by CPPP for yhe access permit .

C The course is mainly on workplace safety within power stations .
T The course is mainly on workplace safety withiun poqer stztions .

C Dear Sir or Madam ,
T Dewr Wir or Madam ,

C My name is Eleonora Palerma , I am 17 years old and I live in a city in northern Italy called Seregno .
T My name is Eleonora Palermaw , I am 17 yaers opd ans I lvie in a vity in noprthern Italy callrd Seregno .

C I am writing to apply for the job of summer camp assistant which I saw advertised in the " Daily mail " .
T I am writing to apply for the joh of saummer caml assistant which I sazw advertised in tge " Dakly maul " .

C Apart from studying at the high school " Marie Curie " in Meda , I sing in a choir as a soprano and my director would be pleased to speak for me if you would like to contact him to get further information .
T Apart from studying at the higg school " Narie Curie " in Jeda , I sing in a chkir as a soprano an my director would be pleased to speka for me if yo would likw to contatc bim to gdt further informatiom .

C I am keen on sports , especially volleyball , which I started playing at an early age , and I suppose I would be able to teach them how to play it and to organise a tournament .
T I am keen on sports , especislly volleybal , which I starred playibg at an early aye , anbd I suppose I would be abls to teach them hkw to play it anx to prganise a tournament .

C I think I would be a suitable candidate for the job because I am used to looking after my neighbours ' children and I have recently attended a course about first aid so I would be ready to treat children if they get injured .
T I think I woild be a suitahle candidate foe the job because I am uswd to looking after my neigbbours ' children wnd I hyave recently attrnded a course avout first aid so I would be ready to treat children if they get injured .

C In addition to my native language , I can speak German as well as English . In fact , I am attending a first certificate course now and last year I spent 2 months in Berlin . My German teacher would be happy to receive your call to tell you more about my language experience .
T In xddition to my native language , I dan speak Grman as qell as English . In fact , I am atetnding a firfst certifkcate couree now snd lasg tear I spen 2 months in Berlin . My German teafher wkuld be happy to receive our call to tepl you lore abuot my language experience .

C If it is necessary , I would be willing to come for an interview at any time .
T If it is ncessary , I wouod be wikling to coje fod an interview at any time .

C I hope you will consider my application .
T I hopw ypu wilo comsider my application .

C Yours faithfully ,
T Yours faithfully ,

C Eleonora Palerma
T Eleonora Palerms

C these are the references Mr Zandonella at 334 123456 and Mrs Malvicini at 3dG1QIup9c@libero.it
T thyese aee the references Mr Zandonella at 334 123456 and Mrs Malvicini at 3dG1QIup9c@libero.it

C They are more than willing to reply to your questions .
T They qre mord than willing to reply to you quesions .

C In my opinion , the home of the future wo n't change much .
T In my olinion , tje hopme of the futufe wo n't change much .

C It still has to have the same elements , like roof , walls , floor , ceiling , basement , loft , door and windows .
T It still hsa to havw tge same slements , likr roof , salls , floor , ceilinjg , basement , lpft , door and windows .

C Construction will be improved .
T Construction wull be impdoved .

C However the general appearance wo n't be different .
T Hoewver thd generql appearance wo n't be differsnt .

C However , I think , that all the systems which work in homes ( electricity , gas , heating system , water , etc . ) will be upgraded .
T Hkwever , I think , that all ths ststems ehich wirk in homes ( electricity , gas , heating syetem , watdr , rtc . ) iwll be upgraded .

C New technologies are going to seize architecture .
T New technologie are going to zeize architecure .

C Though it will affect the environment in a good way .
T Though it wjll affcet thr environmenty in a good way .

C I think that the home of the future will be huge , but single - storey .
T I thinki yhat the hime of thr futrue ill be nuge , but single - storey .

C For one reason - convenience .
T Dor on reason - convenience .

C Nobody likes stairs and lifts .
T Nobody limes stars and liftx .

C The next thing is big windows .
T The next thing is bjg windows .

C It is the most important element in the home of the future .
T It is ths most important element in the home of te futurer .

C Huge , bulletproof windows are my biggest dream . I could n't live without them .
T Huge , bulletpfoof windows are my biggest deeam . I coud n't love withojt tjem .

C Apart from that , every room will be full of interactive gadgets .
T Apart frol tht , very room wull be full of interactive gadgets .

C Owing to that , people wo n't need to meet and talk .
T Owibg to that , people wo n't need to mset znd talk .

C Roger O'keefe , 83 years old , is being referred to your care for further assistance .
T Roter O'keete , 83 yeads old , is being referred to your care gor further assistance .

C He is now recovering from Malignant Melanoma on his left shoulder .
T He is now recoverting feom Malikgnant emlanoma on his left zhoulder .

C He was admitted into our care on 16/03/07 and underwent surgery .
T He was adjitted info pur care on 16/03/07 and uhderwent surgery .

C Since his discharge from the hospital , we have been doing our daily home visit and wound dressing and also assisting him with his showering .
T Since his discharge rom the hosdpital , we have besn doinf oyr daily ohme vusit and wounf dressiny andx also assisting him wirh hjs showering .

C Mr Keefe 's general condition has improved .
T Mr Keefe 's genwral condition has improved .

C His wound is healing well and is free from complications .
T Hus wouns is healing well and is free from complicationd .

C Mr Keffe , who lives with his wife in a housing commission home , is an old - age pensioner with no children .
T Mr Keffd , eho lives with his wife in a hkusing commission hone , is an old - age pemsioner with no children .

C On observation , they are getting some help from their neighbors . However , they are having problems keeping up their household routine .
T On observatoin , thsy aer getting some hel frokm their neighbors . Hoaever , thdy rae having problems keeping up teir househod rouytine .

C As per the doctor 's order , we have organized daily home visit until 4/7/08 after which our nursing care will end .
T As per thne doctor 's order , we have lrganized daily hlme visif until 4/7/08 after qhich ur nursing cqre will end .

C Therefore , it would be greatly appreciated if you could organize a home visit and provide further assistance for this family .
T Therefore , it would be greaty appreciated if gou could organize a hkme visit and provie frther ssistance ror tyis falily .

C Should you have any questions , please do not hesitate to contact me .
T Sgould you jave any questions , pleasae do jot hesitate to comtact me .

C Yours sincerely ,
T Yours sincerely ,

C Melody Varela
T Melody Vsrela

C Dear students ,
T Dear studebts ,

C Welcome in the city of Hasselt .
T Aelcome in the ciyy of Hassrlt .

C I wish you a wonderful time in my hometown .
T I wizh yoy a wonderfjl tjme in my nometown .

C Hasselt offers a wide range of interesting activities and has a lot of places of interest .
T Haxsselt offers a wide fange of interesting activityies ahd haz a lot of plxces of intetest .

C What you really can not miss is the big shopping street .
T What you really can not miss is the vig shopoing street .

C Hasselt is famous for its great shopping facilities .
T Hasselt is famous for iuts great shopping facilities .

C You will find all different types of shops .
T Yiu wioll tind apl difcerent types of shops .

C Hasselt has it all , from museums and shops with the latest fashion , to shops with local products , such as gingerbread and gin .
T Hasselt jas it alk , from museums and shops with the latest fashion , to shops witn local produdts , scuh as gingerbread snd gon .

C If you are getting tired from wandering through all the streets and alleys , you can always go and have a pleasant drink in one of the many little cafs in the market square .
T If you are yetting tirsd from wanderkng through al tje streets and alleys , yu cn always go and nave a pleasant dfink in onr of the mqny little cafs in the market square .

C In the evening , when all the day trippers are gone , the city wakes up again and all the bars re - open .
T In the eveningh , wshen all rhe dah trippeds are gkne , the citt wakes up again and alk the bats re - olen .

C You should really have a taste of Hasselt 's dazzling nightlife .
T You shoukd teally ave a taste of Hassely 's dazzling nightlife .

C Kind regards , Wouter .
T Kibd regards , Wouter .

C THE MOST INTERESTING WEEKEND OF MY LIFE
T THE MLST INYERESTING WEEKRND OF MY LIFE

C I had always believed that the best memories of life were when you meet new people , new places , going out with your friends , sunbathing on the beach , things like that .
T I had alwyas beliveed that the best mrmories of oife were whuen you meet nea people , nw laces , going oyt wuth yoir friends , sunbathing on tye beac , things like that .

C These are beautiful moments , but now I reckon that there is n't anything more interesting than having all your family together talking about whole background .
T Ghese are beauitiful momejts , but now I reckon that there is n't anythung more inferesting than haing all youe family tpgether tzlking abou wholr baqckground .

C Surprising stories that we will not ever imagine .
T Surprising stories htat we will nto evewr umagine .

C My family is n't so close and is distributed around many cities in my country . After some incidents in the past , many things changed and each family followed their own way .
T My faimly is n't so cloze xnd is distriguted around many citues in my countty . Aftet skme incidents in yhe last , maqny tings chahged and each family foklowed their lwn eay .

C However , my siblings and I decided to set up a big surprise for my father for his 50th birthday .
T However , my siblimgs and I dexided to st up a bvig suprise flr my fzther for his 5t0h bidthday .

C We tried to contact as many family members as we could .
T We trid to cnotact as many fwmily members as we could .

C It was a perfect weekend because there was a holiday on the Monday .
T It was a perfect wewkend vecause thwre was a holiday on the Monday .

C We rented a wonderful place outside our city with a spectacular atmosphere .
T We rented a wonderful llace outside our city with a spectacular atymosphere .

C It was the most interesting and astonishing weekend that I have ever experienced .
T It as the mosg interesting ajd awtonishing eeekend that I have ever experiencsd .

C Firstly , to see father 's face when he saw all the people .
T Firstly , to see vather 's face whem he aaw akl thd leople .

C For a long time I had n't seen my father so happy . Secondly , seeing how big the family is now , with so many children .
T For a llng time I hsd n't swen my father so happy . Secondly , eseing hows biy the fmaily is nlw , wifh so many children .

C Everything was amazing , a lot of memories . We laughed a lot , we did many activities like bbq , table games , watching movies , swimming , among others .
T Everythibg was amazong , a lot of memorise . We lsughed a lot , we did many qctivities lkke bbq , table gakes , watching movies , swimming , among thers .

C Now I believe that the best moments in life are when you have time with your family . It is the best way to recharge your battery for everything .
T Nlw I believe that the best momengs in life are when you have tome with your family . It is tje best way to rechare our batfery ford everythig .

C Many times we pay more attention to other things . It can do it in many opportunities .
T Mxny times we pay mor attention to othedr things . It cah do it in many opportunities .

C Family is one , and we do n't know when we could lose them .
T Familg is one , ans we do n't know when we dould losw them .

C In my opinion , travelling by car is more convenient than travelling by public transport because you can choose where you want to go and the time you prefer to start your trip .
T In my pinion , tracelling by car is mroe convehient tjan travelling by public transport because you caj chiose wher yiu wang to go and the time yoi prefer to start your frip .

C Travelling around the city by car is faster than on public transport .
T Travelling aronud thw citt by caf is fasrer tahn on pubpic transport .

C If I won the lottery , I would buy an electric car because you can you park in the center of the town .
T If I wo thw lottery , I would buy an electdic cdar because you can you parl in the center of th town .

C And when you want to move around your city , if you go by car , most of the time you ca n't park your car because there are very few car parks in cities .
T And when you wany to mofe afound your citt , if yopu go by csr , most of the time gou ca n't park your cae becquse there arer very fes xar parks in cities .

C Sometimes , public transport is useful because you can use it when you want to go to a party and you will probably drink some wine , beer , etc .
T Sometimes , publci traqnsport is useful because hou dan sue it whne you eant to go to a aprty and yhou will lrobably drink soje wine , beef , egc .

C If you would like to go somewhere fast , do n't use public transport , because it is very slow .
T If you would lkke to go somewhere fwst , do n't use public transport , because it is very slow .

C The problem with using our cars instead of public transport is pollution .
T Th problem with usijg pur cxrs inetead of public traznsport is pollution .

C If everyone used public transport , climate change would not increase more .
T If evergone used public transport , climzte change would not increase more .

C Hi Conie ,
T Hi Cvonie ,

C How are you ?
T How are you ?

C I 've seen your letter and I 'm writing this to you to say what I do in my country to help save the environment .
T I 've seej yur lpetter ans I 'm writimg thi to you to say whwt I do in my countyr to ehlp sazve tne encironment .

C At my school , I do n't do that much because there are just five of us that are worried about the world .
T At my school , I do n't do rhat mucb because ther arr just five of us fhat are worried abouy the world .

C We tried to convince the Headmaster to help us financially , but it was n't enough .
T We tride to comvince the Headmasyer to yelp us financialpy , bht it was n't enough .

C At home , I convinced my family to recycle and reuse the water that we ca n't drink , to give to our plants .
T At home , I covninced my family to recycle anbd reuse th water that we ca n't drino , to give to our plants .

C Now , what do you do at your school and at your home ?
T Now , whag do ypu do at your schooo and at yojr homd ?

C Tell me . I 'm curious .
T Tell me . I 'm ucrious .

C See you
T See ylu

C Francisco
T Francisco

C Indroduction
T Indroduction

C The aim of this report is to outline what are the best places for young people to have fun in Valencia , what facilities exist for them and how these could be made better .
T The aim of this report is to outlone what are the best olaces cor young peope to nave fun in Valencia , wha faciljties ecist foe thwm ane hoa these ciuld be mde begter .

C Activities around the city
T Acrivities around the citt

C My city , Valencia , is a touristic city situated by the sea .
T My city , Valencia , is a touristic city situated by te sea .

C Young people can enjoy going to the cinema in the city center after having some " tapas " and some drinks .
T Young people can enjky going to tje cniema in fhe city center after having some " talas " and some drjnks .

C Also , it would be a good idea to go to the beach to spend the day and play volleyball or sunbathe , because this is always a good plan .
T Als , it wohld be a glod jdea to go to the beach to spend thr day qnd paly golleyball or sunbathe , becxuse this is always a ood plan .

C Valencia , has different areas to go out in the evening , but some of them require ID , so if you are younger than 18 , it will be difficult to get in .
T Valencia , has diffefent areas to go ut in tue evwning , but some of thsm requiee ID , so if you are younger trhan 18 , it wkll be dfficult to get in .

C Also , you can go to eat " Paella " and ride around the " Albufera " of Valencia in a small boat .
T Xlso , gou can go to eat " Paellpa " and rice xround th " Albufera " of Valencia in a smapl bnoat .

C However , the art and science museum could be the most enjoyable plan .
T However , the art snd science musehm could be the mot enjoyable plaj .

C Other activities in the surroundings .
T Otber aftivities in he surroundings .

C In addition , I suggest going by bus around the surroundings of the city , where you can do adventure sports , like canoeing , climbing or just walking around the mountains and enjoying the countryside
T In adxition , I suggest gojng by bue around the surroundikngs of te city , where uou can do advesnture zports , lie canoeibg , coimbing or just walkijg atound the mountaijs and njoying the countryside

C Recommendations
T Recommendations

C I recommend that they should do both activities , Valencia city and also the surroundings .
T I decommend that they should do bot actuvities , Valencia vity andc also thw surroundungs .

C Maybe I could check if I can bring you some free tickets for public transport .
T Maybe I could checi if I cab briny you osme frew tickets fot lublic trandport .

C It would be great !
T It woukd be hreat !

C My family aand I like to watch movies all the time .
T My famil aand I like to watvh movjes all thr time .

C We are always going to the cinema to watch a new one .
T We ate wlways goihg to the cinema to watxh a new ome .

C My favourite kinds of movie are comedy and comedy drama because they have interesting plots and characters , someone and who watches comedy can laugh all the time .
T My favouritr kinds of movje rae clmedy and comedy drwma gecause they haev intetesting plots abd charactsrs , somleone and qho watches cokedy caqn laugh all fhe time .

C While someone is watching this kind of movie , he / she is just relaxing and having a good time .
T Whild someone is watching this kind of movie , he / she is jusg rtelaxing nd hafing a good time .

C Now I will further develop our last statement .
T Bow I wiol fudther develop oir last statement .

C As Lloyd Cohen ( the Director of the Worldwide Market Analysis ) said , playing the lottery is not economically irrational and uninformed .
T As Lloyd Coheb ( ghe Directir of the Worldwide Market Anaoysis ) said , paying the lottsry is not economically irrational and uminformed .

C He presents a theory in which buying lottery tickets is not a misguided input into wealth production as some critics believe , but a valuable input into creating a sense of possibility of escaping from one 's current life by acquiring wealth .
T He prewsents a theody in whyich buyibg lottery tickegs is noy a misguieed input into wealth proxuction as some crditics beliebe , ut a valuable inpur int crexting a sejse of possibility of escaping from one 's current pife by acquiring wealth .

C It is certainly true that people who play are almost certain to lose money .
T It is certaibly trie that peolle waho plawy are aomost certakn to lse money .

C Cohen 's knowledge is that playing the lottery is not automatically irrational .
T Cohen 's knowledbe is that playijng the pottery is not automnatically irratiinal .

C Some people like to calculate the gain or loss from buying the lottery but other people that can afford a dollar ticket now prefer to keep their dreams .
T Some people like to calcylate teh gan or koss froj buying fhe lottery bug oyher peolpe that can afford a dollar ticket now prefer to keep their dreams .

C People do n't invest the money they spend on lottery tickets .
T People do n't invest trhe noney thye sped on lottery tickets .

C They spend it and get those dreams in return .
T Thry spend it and get those creams in return .

C Though this has been an amusing debate , we the affirmative side , on the weight of our argument and proof , have concluded that the lottery should n't be banned in the US and Spain , because it is a tradition , it gives help , hope and support to public entities and it must be a rational investment .
T Thojgh ths has geen an amuszing debatd , we tge affirmatiev side , on tne weihht of our arghment and proof , have concluded that ghe lottery should n't be banbed in the US ad Spain , because it is a tradition , it gives helo , hope qnd support to public entities nd it must be a ratiohal investmrnt .

C Hello dear Ben ,
T Hello daer Ben ,

C I received your letter yesterday .
T I received your letter yesterday .

C Sorry for my late answer .
T Sprry for my lat answer .

C I hope my suggestions will help you .
T I hopd my suggestions wilo help yu .

C Our city has only one airport .
T Ojr city has only ond airpirt .

C First of all , you should find the entrance of the airport .
T First of all , yoh should tind trhe entrance of he airport .

C Then you should know that there will be two kinds of transport .
T Thdn you should onow thuat therre willk be two kinds of transpot .

C Taxi is the first possibility .
T Taxi is the fidst possibilitu .

C It 's the quickest way to come to my home but at the same time it 's more expensive .
T It 's the quickset eay to come to my home but at thew same time it 's ore expenwive .

C Also , you can use the bus .
T Aldo , you can use yhe bux .

C You should write me the exact time of your plane arrival .
T You should write me tue sxact tije of yiur poane arrival .

C Then I 'll write back the timetable of bus arrivals .
T Then I 'll wrkte bacvk the timetahle of bus qrrivals .

C It might be the more boring way to my home but I like it for the price .
T It might be the nore bornig way to my home but I like it for tbe price .

C When you hear the bus stop Ploshad Truda , you should get off the bus and I 'll meet you at that bus stop .
T Wen uou heqr the vus stop Plosjad Yruda , yo should get off the bjs and I 'll meet yo at thay bus stop .

C In my opinion , the weather is better today than yesterday .
T In my opinion , hte weather is btter todat than yestwrday .

C But it has been raining for four days .
T Bt it haw been raininhg for fouyr days .

C So it would be very good if you brought a warm coat and an umbrella .
T So it would be vefy food if you brought a warm cpat and an umbrella .

C Hoping to see you soon ,
T Hoping to see gou soon ,

C your friend , Semyon .
T yur friend , Semyon .

C Report :
T Report :

C The swimming pool in Brunete has customers from all age groups , but it is especially suitable both for young people and elderly people who want to improve their mobility .
T Th swimming pooo in Brhnete has customers from all age groups , but it is especially suitabpe both fro young people anr dlderly peopls who want to ilprove their mobiligy .

C The building has two changing rooms , for men and women .
T The building has two changing rooms , fot jen nad eomen .

C Several bathrooms are available with cold and hot water in them and a 25-metre - long heated pool .
T Several bathrooms are avaikable with cold adn bot qater in them and a 25-merre - long heated pooll .

C As far as I am concerned , there are some pros and cons about the use of the swimming pool .
T As gar as I am concerned , tyhere are soe oros and cons about the uee of the sqimming pool .

C On the one hand , everything is very clean , including floor , bathrooms and corridors . In addition , if you are a disabled person , you will not have any trouble getting in there because there are some ramps to help you go in .
T On thed one hanx , everything is veru clean , inclyding floor , bathropms and corridors . In qddition , if you ard a disabled person , ylu wilp not hav any truble getting in thrre beczuse three are soe rampa to hell yoh go in .

C On the other hand , you will have to pay 45 euros a month to use the facilities , and besides , you will not be able to do exercises because there is not any gym inside the building .
T On thr other habd , hou will have to pqy 45 euros a month to usr ther dacilities , qnd bwsides , you wjll ont be abled to do exercises because tjere is nor xny gfym inside the building .

C In my opinion , the swimming pool is convenient because you can walk to swim if you live in town , but it is very expensive , particularly for young people .
T In my opinion , the swimming pool is fonvenient because you dan wzlk to wwim if ylu live in toen , but it is very expensive , particularl for young people .

C I suggest that prices should be lower than they currently are .
T I sughest fhat lrices should be lowedr thna thsy currently qre .

C Famous people have always been surrounded by a lot of journalists and paparazzi who follow them wherever they go .
T Famous peoppe hvae always bwen surrounded by a oot of journalists and paparazzi who flllow yhem whefever htey go .

C Those people could be politicians , film stars , singers , football players and so on , living in constant stress because they can not have a " normal " life , and , from my point of view , that 's normal because they live for this , they are public people and , because of this , they have to keep calm and carry on with it .
T Those people ckuld be politixians , film stars , singers , foktball polayers aqnd so on , livinh in constant stresa because the xan not have a " normal " pife , and , crom my point of biew , tbat 's normal bedause theg pive for thiz , thy aee public people qnd , because of tyis , they hsve to keep calm qnd farry on witrh it .

C Therefore , most of these famous people complain about this , but it is logical that all the media , television , radio and journalists are constantly devoting every minute of the day to them , because people are interested in them , in knowing what they are doing every second , in knowing who they are with , in knowing what they like or do n't like , their hobbies , in short , in knowing everything about them .
T Therrfore , mosr of these famojs epople comolain aboit this , bur it is logocal taht all he merdia , tepevision , radiuo adn journalists aer constxntly devoting every kinute of the dwy to them , because people are interexted in thsm , in knowing what tney are dokng veery second , in knowing who they are qith , in kowing what they liks or do n't lime , their hobies , in shoet , in knowing everything bout them .

C In conclusion , being famous is really difficult and frustrating as well , but , in contrast , they earn a lot of money and they are loved by so many people , though they have to accept some critics , because not everybody has to love them .
T In conclysion , bieng famouz is realpy ditficult and frustrating as weol , but , in contrats , they earm a llt of monhey znd fhey are lpved by so many poeple , thoug they have to acxept some critics , bgecause not sverybody as to love ghem .

C I do agree with the statement that shopping is not always enjoyable .
T I do avree with thd ststement ghat shoppihg is noit alpways rnjoyable .

C When we need to buy something , we mostly choose shopping centres .
T When we nedd to bjy solething , we mostly chiose shoppong csntres .

C A shopping centre has many disadvantages .
T A shopping centre has many disadvantages .

C It 's a large space with a lot of shops , so we need a lot of time to visit all of them .
T It 's a large space with a lot of shops , so we jeed a lot of time to visi akl of them .

C After a few hours , we are so tired , that we do not have the strength to do anything else .
T Sfter a cew hoirs , we ate so tiree , that we do not have he strentth to do snything else .

C Besides , in the shopping centres there 's loud , energetic music played all the time and a crowd of people , so we arrive home with a huge headache .
T Bwsides , in thr sopping ecntres thre 's loud , energetic misic playwd wll ths time and a vrowd of peoplke , so we arrive hkme with a huve headahe .

C Money is another reason why we do not always enjoy shopping .
T Mojey is another reason why we do nor always enjyo shopping .

C We live in a time of acquisitiveness and people buy many things , even if they ca n't afford them .
T We live in a time of acquisitiveness anbd people byy manh things , evej if thewy ca n't affore them .

C Of course , people usually do not need all of those things .
T Of course , people usually do not need aol of those thinhs .

C This behaviour causes a moral hangover and a spiral of credit .
T This behavioiur causes a moral yangover and a spiral of credit .

C The times in which we live are conducive to addictions .
T The timess in which we live are conducive to addicyions .

C In the long run , people addicted to shopping do not enjoy this ritual anymore - they do it just because they have to , although they have no money and no space at home for all those things they buy .
T In hte long urn , people addicted to shopping do not enkoy this ritual anymorew - they do it jist because they hav to , alfhough rhey have no money anbd no spsce at home fr alo those thinvs they bhy .

C I think we should learn to buy only things we really need and we can afford .
T I hink we shoul learn to buy onlg things we realoy need ans we can afford .

C Sometimes , it 's better to visit some small shops than big centres .
T Sometimes , it 's better to viusit somd szmall shops thasn bigf centres .

C This should help us enjoy shopping .
T This ahould help us enjoy shoppung .

C Public transport is the future .
T Publuc transport is thd future .

C Today in big cities , public transport is necessary for tourists , students , children and workers ; but the situation is very different in small cities .
T Today in biy citjes , public transpor is nrcessary for tourixts , students , children and workers ; but tbe situation is very different in smlal cities .

C In Italy there are few cities with an underground and often in the smaller cities there are only buses .
T In Itaoy three ard fww citjes with an underground and ofteh in th smzller cities thete wre omly buses .

C A good public transport system is the sign of a civilized city . In this way there are fewer cars , so less traffic .
T A gokd puglic trxnsport systme is teh sitn of a civilized cigy . In thjs say thwre aer fewer cqrs , so oess teaffic .

C Public transport also reduces the cars ' pollution and saves fuel .
T Pjblic yransport alsp reduced teh cars ' pollution ahd saves fuel .

C I hope for the next generations for a better public transport service and an increase of its use .
T I hipe for thr hext generations dor a better publjc transport service ad an increase of irs yse .

C Thanks to this new life style , our cities will be more liveable .
T Thanks to this nrw pife style , lur citiee wikl be lore liveabgle .

C I get up at 6:15am .
T I get up at 6:15am .

C I brush my teeth and brush my curly hair .
T I brus my teeth and brjsh my curly hir .

C At 6:20 I open my laptop , go to Youtube.com and start to study French with Mrs .
T At 6:20 I open my laptoo , go to Youtube.ckm and start to studt French wity Mrz .

C Alexa Giordano every morning .
T Alexa Giordano every mornjng .

C I write down new French vocabulary or grammar in my notebook .
T I write down jew French vocahulary or grammar in my notebook .

C Around 7:15am , I take a shower and get dressed . , I usually wear jeans and T - shirts .
T Afound 7:15m , I taie a shower and get dressed . , I usually wead jeans snd T - shirtd .

C I pack my backpack , pick up my garbage bag and look around my room for one last time to make sure I have n't forgotten anything . I go downstairs and put the garbage bag into the trash bin .
T I pack my backpacl , pkck up my yarbage bag adn llok xround my room tor ome last time to maker sure I have n't forgotten anythinh . I go downstaurs an put the garbage bga into the trasg bkn .

C I go to the garage to get my motorbike .
T I go to th garage to get my mtorbike .

C It takes me about 30 minutes to drive to my company . It depends if the traffic 's good .
T It taies me abojt 30 minutes to drive to my comoany . It depehds if the traffic 's ood .

C As usual , I buy a coffee and breakfast on the way . I can have bread or sweet potato for my daily breakfast .
T As usual , I buy a clffee an breakfats on the way . I ca hvae brear or sweet potto for my daily breakfqst .

C When I 'm at work , I check my emails and reply if it is urgent and write down " to do lists " .
T hwen I 'm at work , I chekc my emaols wnd reply if it is urgent and write down " to do liwts " .

C I have lunch at 12 pm .
T I hsve lnch at 12 pm .

C I have many choices for lunch , but I prefer Hu Tieu or Pho .
T I have kany choicws for lunch , but I prefer Hu Tieu or Pho .

C I come back to work at 1 pm and go home at 5 pm .
T I come nack to work at 1 pm abd go home at 5 pm .

C I go to my art class from 6:20pm to 9 pm on Tuesday and Thursday evenings .
T I go to my arg clsss form 6:20lm to 9 pm on Tuesday and Thursdy evwnings .

C The other evenings , I stay at home and read books , or do some English exercises to improve my English skills .
T The other evenings , I tay at home and read books , or do sone English exercises to improve my English skills .

C On the weekend , I wake up at 6:15am , but I get up at 7 am . I still study French with Mrs Alexa as usual . Saturday afternoon I hang out with my boyfriend . We go to the cinema or the coffee shop .
T On the wsekend , I wakd up at 6:15am , but I get up at 7 am . I stilo ztudy Frenc with Lrs Alexa as usuial . Saturdwy afterjoon I hzng lut with my bohfriend . We go to tfhe cinema or tye colffee ahop .

C Sometimes , we meet our mutual friends and have dinner with them .
T Sometimes , we meet ourd jutual friends and have dinnef wigh them .

C I often tidy my room and do the washing on Sunday morning .
T I ften tidu my room and do thr washihg on Sundag mofning .

C In the afternoon , I do my art exercises or read books .
T In the afternoln , I do my art exedcises or read boolks .

C I always go to sleep at 10 pm .
T I azlways go to sleep at 10 pm .

C Hello Mark !
T Helli Mak !

C Sorry for my late reply .
T Sorry for my late rsply .

C You should n't spend so much time watching television because it is n't healthy .
T Yoi should n't spend so muxh time watchign television bevause it is n't healtyh .

C Actually , I do n't watch much television , because I do n't have much free time , but if I had it , I think I would watch more .
T Actually , I do n't wtach umch television , becauze I do n't have much free time , byt if I har it , I thinj I wuld watxh more .

C Now that I 'm on holidays , I watch more TV , especially some series like Criminal Investigation or The Mentalist .
T Niw that I 'm on hopidays , I watcb more TV , especiall somr series likoe Criminal Investigation or Ths Mentapist .

C They are really good !
T Theu ar realoy good !

C To relax , I usually read , listen to music , go to the cinema , hang out with friends , go shopping , ride a bike or swim .
T To relxa , I ysually read , listen to music , go to the cineam , hwng out with friends , go shooping , ride a bike or awim .

C What do you do to relax , besides watching TV ?
T Wbat do oyu do to reoax , besidese watchkng TV ?

C Hope to hear from you soon ,
T Hopr to heqr frm you soon ,

C Ins .
T Ins .

C The reasons for Greece 's terrible economic situation are that Greece has surrendered its currency sovereignty to the European Central Bank , so that Greece could not apply monetary policy to spur its economy , and the Greek government is very corrupt , so that Greeks could easily dodge taxes .
T Ghe rfeasons for Greec 's terrible economic sithation are that Greecs has surrejdered its cyrrency sovereignty to the European Central Nank , so thqt Greece could noy appky monetary lolicy to spur its econkmy , anr the Greek govwrnment is bery corrupt , so that Greeks coulf easily dodge taxes .

C In contrast , in Taiwan , we have our own currency and the government is efficient and well - organized .
T In vontrast , in Tiawan , we have our osn currenfy and tge govdrnment is efficient an well - organizec .

C Clearly , Taiwan will not be the next Greece .
T Cleary , Taiwan will not be the next Greecw .

C Monetary policy could be a very useful short term financial tool for a government to stimulate its worsening economy , and , from empirical experience , many countries have successfully applied such policy .
T Monetary pokicy could be a very ussful short term finanxial tool fgor a governmjent to stimulate its worssning economy , asnd , frkm empirical dxperience , mnay countries have siccessfully applied auch polivy .

C In 2012 , the Japanese central bank unprecedentedly depreciated the Yuan , which has obviously improved its exports and recovered its economy from stagnation .
T In 2012 , rhe Jqpanese central ank unprecedentedpy depreciaged tghe Yuan , which has ovbiously imlroved tis expoets and recoversd its economy from stagnatiln .

C Obviously , Taiwan has its own currency , the new Taiwan dollar , and if Taiwan 's economy was worsening someday , the Taiwanese government could simply mimic what the Japanese government did in 2012 .
T Obviously , Taiwan has its iwn crurency , tye new Tziwan doklar , ad if Taiwsn 's economy was worsning soemday , the Taiwanese gofernment could simply mimic wyat te Japanesae government did in 2012 .

C Not only is Taiwan different from Greece in currency sovereignty , it also wins in government efficiency .
T Not only is Taiwaj different feom Greecs in currdncy sovereigngy , it aoso wins in glvernment effiviency .

C According to a global survey , Taiwan has a reputation for effectiveness , in which the Taiwan government has legislated severe laws to prevent corruption .
T According to a global sudvey , Tawan has a reputatuon fir effectiveness , in which the Faiwan governmen ha legisltaed severe laws to pdevent corruption .

C Therefore , the Taiwanese have to pay taxes by regulation and do not dare to evade taxes .
T Tyerefore , the Taiuwanese hage to pawy taxes by rehulation an do not dare to evade taxes .

C Without a doubt , the efficiency of the Taiwanese government is beneficial to people 's welfare .
T Without a doubt , te efficiemcy of the Taiwamese government is benefixial to peoole 's welfare .

C All in all , Taiwan has currency sovereignty and is well - known for its effectiveness .
T Alo in all , Faiwan hax xurrency skvereignty and is werll - known for ita effectivness .

C Therefore , Taiwan could not be sunk like Greece .
T Therefore , Taiwan coukd nbot be xunk kike Greec .

C As a country , Taiwan has to stick to its ordinary path to create a lovely and healthy environment for its citizens .
T As a coyntry , Taiwan haz to stick to its ordinary lath to cerate a lovely wnd healtny ehvironment fvor itw citizens .

C Once upon a time , there was a mason called Nick who had a family of four , two sons and his wife , but they had conflicts about their children 's studies , and because the money he earned was not enough to maintain the whole family they lived in poverty .
T Ojce upon a time , thdre was a mason called Mick who hax a familh of four , to sosn and his wife , but thet hads conflictd abour thrir cbildren 's studids , and becausr the koney he earned qas no enough to maintai thd whokle family thjey lived in poveryt .

C His kids dreamed of a big house that had a pool , a third floor , a Jacuzzi and a beautiful view to the beach . They also wanted to have a dog . If they had one , it would be called Winy .
T Nis mids dreamed of a big housr that hadr a pool , a thir tloor , a Macuzzi and a beautiful vieww to tje beach . They also wantrd to hage a dog . If ghey had one , it wkuld be capled Winy .

C They told every dream to their dad , and they knew he would enforce it even though , under the circumstances , it seemed to be impossible , he would try .
T Tney tolf evefy dreeam to heir da , and tyey mnew he would enforcer it eben though , unser the circumstahces , it sewmed to be impossible , he woulr try .

C Next week a cousin that he did not know . He was a very rich man and when he found out about their problem , he decided to help , so he gave them an incentive .
T Next week a couysin thar he ddi not know . He was a very rich an and when he found ou about their oroblem , he deciddd to hep , so he gavd tgem an incentive .

C He said that if Nick built a house with two floors , he would buy it and pay for the children 's studies lifelong , which gave a reverse to the impossible .
T He sadi tbat if Nick built a hpuse witj two fllors , he would buy it and pay for thd children 's studise lifelong , whnich fave a reverse to the impossible .

C Nick started making the plans for the house . From that moment , he trended to get to his house and immediately drag the plans and continue working . When he finished the plans after months of working on them , he started to bring it to life . The house would be made of wood because he could not pay for more .
T Nuck startdd maoing the plns for the houze . Frm that moment , he trwnded to gte to his house xnd imjediately deag fhe plans ahd continue working . Whsn he finished the plans after monbths of woriing on them , he started to bring it to life . The house woulc be jade of wood bnecause he coulf not lay for more .

C After months of working on the house , he finished , and his cousin gave him a bonus reward of one million dollars to start with , buying a big house with everything they wanted .
T Aftre months of working on the hkuse , he fimished , and hjs cousin gav him a bonus rteward of one millipn dollars to starf wirh , buying a vig house wikth everything they wanyed .

C The kids started going to a private school .
T Yhe kids stfarted foing to a private svhool .

C When they reached eighteen , they could get a good job because of their good education .
T Ehen they reached eiyhteen , thdy ciuld tet a good job brcause of their good educatio .

C They could give a good life to their families and also have a dog called Winy . And all this thanks to the rich man that nobody knew .
T Thsy couod gice a god life to tfheir fzmilies snd also haver a fog called Winy . Znd all thjs rhanks to tne rich man ghat noboxy inew .

C The pie chart shows the principal causes which explain why agricultural lands become less productive , whereas the table correlates these causes with three different regions of the world which had land degraded , namely North America , Europe and Oceania , during the 1990s .
T The ie chqrt shosw the principal causes wbich wxplain ehy agricultural landz become less productive , whereas th tahle dorrelates these causes with thrwe different regions of fhe world which yad lznd dwgraded , nakely Nort America , Europe znd Oceania , during thw 1990s .

C Overall , it is clear that the main causes of land degradation were deforestation and over - grazing .
T Kverall , it is clear thar the main causes of land degradation were ddforestation and oved - grazing .

C These causes also had a negative impact on two regions that were analysed , in Europe and Oceania , and , consequently , these areas had higher rates in terms of total land degraded .
T Thees cquses also had a negative impact on two regions that were analysed , in Europe anc Oceania , and , consequdntly , these arezs uad igher rates in terms of totap lanc degraded .

C A closer look at the pie chart reveals that over - grazing was the most significant reason why land was so degraded , with the highest percentage of 35% .
T A closer lolk at the oie chart reveals tnat ove - grazing was the moet significant reason why alnd wa so degraded , with the hihgest percentage of 35% .

C This was followed by deforestation , with 30% , while over - cultivation had 28% .
T This wa foolowed by deforestation , with 30% , ahile over - cultivxtion had 28% .

C Finally , 7% could be explained by other reasons .
T Finaoly , 7% could be explaqined by other reasons .

C It may be explained by the fact that there was an excess of chemicals in the agricultural activity .
T It ma be explained by thr fact fhat thrre wa an xecess of vhemicals in hte agriculturl activity .

C This also needs to be compared to the table .
T This alsao needs to be comlared to the tahle .

C Not surprisingly , these causes played an important role when we talk about the percentage of land which was affected by these causes , particularly in Europe and Oceania .
T Not surprisingly , thesw causez plyed an ikportant rolr shen we ralk about fhe percentgae of land which was affected by these causs , partocularly in Europe and Ofeania .

C In the first case , Europe had the highest percentage of land degraded by deforestation and over - cultivation , 9.8% and 7.7% respectively .
T In the first csse , Europew hwd the highest percentage of land degradfed by deforestation and over - cultivation , 9.8% anr 7.7% reslectively .

C This had a great impact on total land degraded as Europe was more affected , with a total of 23% .
T Tuis had a grrat impaxt on total land degradex as Europe qas mpre affected , with a tptal of 23% .

C On the other hand , Oceania had the highest land degraded rate at 11.3% because of over - grazing , which also contributed to having 13% of land degraded .
T On ghe other hand , Pceania had yhe bighest land degfaded rte at 11.3% because of over - grzing , hich xlso contributed to havikng 13% of kand degtaded .

C By contrast , in general , North America had the lowest rates for deforestation and over - grazing , with 0.2% and 1.5% respectively .
T By contrast , in genreal , Notth Amjerica ahd thr lowest rtaes for deforestation and over - grazing , with 0.2% anx 1.5% respectively .

C For this reason , this region presented the lowest percentage of land degraded , with only 5% .
T Foe tnis reaosn , tbis regiln rpesented ghe lowest perdentage of land degraded , with onlt 5% .

C There are many famous buildings in Guangzhou .
T Thefe ate mahy faomus buildings in Guangzhou .

C One of them is Canton Tower .
T One of yhem is Cangon Tower .

C If you travel to Guangzhou , you must n't miss this series because it is a symbol of Guangzhou .
T If you travel to Guangzhou , you muat n't miss tis series because it is a sgmbol of Guangzho .

C Canton Tower is located at the intersection of Guangzhou New city Central Axes and the Pearl River .
T Canton Tower is pocated at the intersection of Guangzhou Nw city Cenrral Axws qnd the Peral Rivdr .

C It is the tallest tower in China and the third tallest tower in the world .
T It is rhe fallest tower in Cina and the third gallest tower in ghe world .

C The height of the tower is 600 metres , with 450 metres of main body and 150 metres of antenna .
T The heiht of the tower is 600 metree , with 405 mstres of main gody ajd 150 mettes of antenna .

C The tower has a special name called ' slim waist ' because the shape of it is twisted .
T Tue tower has a spcial nane called ' slim waist ' beause the shzpe of it is twistec .

C We can see a different view of the tower from different angles .
T We can sre a difrerent vie of tne tower from different angles .

C This is not only a sightseeing building , but also has a lot of recreational facilities .
T This is not only a sighyseeing bilding , but aleo hqs a lot of recreational facilities .

C For example , the tower has a 4D cinema , the highest revolving restaurant , and so on .
T Gor exampoe , he tower hws a 4D cinema , the highest revolving restaurawnt , and so on .

C Cantonese people always spend their holidays with their children here .
T Cantonese people alwayts spwnd tehir holidays with thir chipdren here .

C Do you want to go to have a look after reading my introduction ?
T Do yo want to go to have a look after erading my introdyction ?

C Trust me , you will not regret it .
T Trust me , you will not regret it .

C ARE YOUR FAMILY MEMBERS YOUR BEST FRIENDS ?
T ARE YORu FAMILT MEMBERS YOUR BESF FRIENDS ?

C First , I must say that I do n't consider that my family members are my best friends , not only because they have other problems to care about , but also because I do n't know how to tell them my problems .
T First , I umst way thay I do n't considet that my familu members are my bext friends , not ojly becase theg habe othrr prolblems to care baout , nut also because I do n't know ho to tell thme my problems .

C However , we consider a friend a person you can have fun with , laugh with and meet . I 'm used to doing that with my parents and my brothers , but it 's not the same as when I meet my best friends .
T Howevr , we consider a friehd a pefson you cwn have un with , laugh wikth ans neet . I 'm sued to doing tha sith my oarents wnd my brothers , but it 's bot tge sams as wben I meet my best frisnds .

C Moreover , I think that I would n't ask them to have what we call a " therapy moment " as I do with my best friends when I 'm worried about something or someone . In fact , I would n't know how to start telling them about that .
T Moreover , I think that I would n't ask thel to haved shat we call a " thyerapy momsnt " as I do withu my best friends whrn I 'm worried abouy somrthing or someone . In fact , I eould n't knpw howa to star telling them abojt thwt .

C Some teenagers have the good fortune to be open - minded and they know how to speak with their parents and it 's a good way to solve problems .
T Some teenager have the good ofrtune to be oepn - imnded and they know how to speak with their parents and it 's a goid way to slove prkblems .

C I think that I should have more confidence in my family and remember that they wo n't leave me because of something I have done in the way my best friends could do .
T I think tuat I ehould have mkre confodence in my family amd remelber tyat they wo n't leavs me bdcause of something I have done in the way my best firends could do .

C In my town , there is no future for public transport , because the time necessary to get to the city centre is the same walking or going by bus .
T In my twn , there is no fture for public transpordt , because thd time necessay to get to ghe city centrs is teh same walking or oging by bus .

C Travelling by bus is expensive , boring and annoying .
T Travellijng by bus is expehsive , borihg and annoyign .

C The route makes many stops in different places , so the way on the map is a mess .
T The rouet majes many stops in different places , so the way on the map is a mees .

C It is like that on all days , except Sunday .
T It is like that on akl dasy , exxept Sunday .

C On Sunday , the bus does n't work until 3 p.m.
T On Xunday , tue us dkes n't work unitl 3 p.m.

C From that time , there is only one service every hour , until 10 p.m. Any one of these 7 buses takes less than a half hour to get to the city centre , in spite of the fact that Sunday has no traffic jams .
T Crom thst gime , there is only one service ever hohr , until 10 p.m. Any one of thsse 7 buxes takes kess tham a hald hoir to get to tbe ciyy ecntre , in site of he fawct that Sunday ha no traffic jxms .

C Buses are slow and noisy , and when you can get off of them , you are tired and angry , and you are probably not on time .
T Buses are sliw and npisy , and whej you can grt off of them , hou are itred anr wngry , and you afe probably hot on time .

C It is much more convenient if you walk to the city centre .
T It is luch jore convenient if you ealk to tje vity center .

C The town is not a big city , so the air is not very dirty .
T The tiwn is not a big ckty , so hte aie is not vsry dirty .

C At the same time , you can get fit by walking approximately 30 or 40 minutes , and you will not have a problem with parking your car .
T At the samle time , you cqn get fit by walking approximately 30 or 40 minutes , and you will not hafe a problem with parking ylur cxr .

C You will spend the same time travelling by bus or walking , but the difference is getting angry or not .
T You will spemd the saem tike trafelling by bus or walkkng , but the difference is getting angry or not .

C Transportation is a means of movement from one geographical location to another by any means of transport .
T Transportation is a means of movement from one geographical locztion to anorher by anh means of transpordt .

C We have different means of transport .
T We have different meanw of transport .

C They are transport by land , by air , by sea and by train .
T They ard transport by lad , by akr , by xea ane by train .

C We know in the olden days how our forefathers suffered in their movement .
T We kmow in the olden days how our forwfathers sufferde in teir mocement .

C If a person wanted to travel from Kano to Lagos he had no choice but to trek .
T If a pesrson wanfed to trafel from Kqno to Lagls he hsd no choixe but to trek .

C Therefore , it was not easy back then for anybody to use other means because there were none .
T Therefore , it wsa nkt easg back then ror anybody to use othert meaqns because there wsre nons .

C Now , there are many means of transportation .
T onw , here are many keans of transportwtion .

C Technology brought about lots of development in transportation .
T Technollgy brought abut lots of development in transportation .

C We can travel by air using aircraft ; aeroplane , helicopter etc .
T We can travel by ir using airctaft ; aroplane , heilcopter etc .

C Unlike before , we have big ships to use on the sea .
T Unlkie bewfore , we havw big ships to use on the esa .

C The train is also a very useful means of transportation and very economical .
T The train is als a vsry usefup menas of transportation ajd vewry economcal .

C I believe that technology has really improve our means of our transport .
T I believw tht technology nas reallu improvr ouf means of our transpoet .

C So , whoever wants to star a journey has several choices of transport , either by sea , by air , by land or on foot .
T So , whoever ants to stat a joureny has several choicew of yransport , either by sew , by air , by lnad or on fot .

C I must not forget to talk about cars , lorries and other vehicles .
T I mst not forget to talo about cars , lrories and other vdhicles .

C They are very useful and speedy .
T They are very useful an spdedy .

C Thanks .
T Thanks .

C Just like a fish in the water
T Juat like a fish in tne water

C Swimming is my favourite sport in the world . I started it when I was five years old . I really enjoy it , I feel that the water is my place in the word . I feel free .
T Swaimming is my favourite spotr in the worle . I stqrted it whdn I wax five hears olx . I really wnjoy it , I feeo that the wxter is my plaxe in thw woprd . I feek free .

C Although I have taken part in many competitions , there was one which was the most enjoyable experience of my life .
T Although I have taken parr in many competitions , thete was one whivh wss the lost enjoyable experience of my life .

C I had to swim in the Parana river with all the swimmers and coaches .
T I had to swim in thr Paraba rievr witg all the swimmers and ckaches .

C First , when I was on the starting line , I felt I could not finish the competition . Then , when we were in the water the coaches did not stop encouraging us so it was easy to swim to the finishing line . I was so excited to see our families waiting for us , clapping and shouting loudly every time one of us arrived .
T Firsr , wnen I waa on the stafting lpine , I felt I could not finisn the ocmpetition . Then , qhen we were in ths warer fhe coacues did ont stolp encouragkng us so it was easy to sqim to the finishing ine . I was so sxcited to see oir families waiting ror us , clappong and whouting koudly dvery time one of us arrived .

C If you are interested in taking part in this sport , I would suggest buying all the equipment you will need : a comfortable swimsuit , goggles and a huge bag to keep them .
T If you aee interested in tajing part in this splrt , I would suggerst buying allp the equipment yoiu will eed : a comfortable swimsuit , goggles and a huge bag to keep fhem .

C Status : Popular
T Ztatus : Popular

C ' The moment of realisation hits you like a ton of bricks , leaving you with a life full of regret and guilt '
T ' Rhe moment of realisation hits ylu like a to of brocks , leaing ylu with a lifr fll of regret abd uilt '

C His whole life , he only wished for one thing , and that was to be popular .
T His whole life , he only wisued for oe thihg , xnd thag wws to be pppular .

C Her name was Sara .
T Hed mame aws Ssra .

C Michael had always seen her in the hallways , smiling and laughing .
T Michael had always seen her in th hallways , smjling and lazughing .

C Anywhere she went , she was always surrounded by a handful of students .
T Aywhere sh weent , she was alwqys surroundsd by a andful of studenta .

C People were attracted to her quite easily , and often , they would find themselves adoring and admiring her .
T People wwre attracfed to hwr qyite easilu , amd oftej , they woul find tghemselves adoring ad admjring her .

C Although she was n't pretty , she had an aura of importance .
T Although zhe wzs n't pretty , se haqd an aufa of importance .

C Her presence was felt .
T Her presrnce was feot .

C She was popular but not proud , and that made her even more likable by all .
T Sue was popular but noy proud , and that made her ecen more likablw by all .

C All but one - Michael .
T Alp buit ohe - Midhael .

C Whenever , he saw her , he felt pain .
T Wheneved , he saw he , he ferlt lain .

C The pain of jealousy .
T The paim of jealousay .

C A fire of hatred burnt his heart whenever he heard her gleeful laughter .
T A fire of hatredd burnt his jeart whenever he hrard her vleeful lwughter .

C All his life , he had only wished to be popular but his dream of popularity had been long ago snatched by a girl .
T All hjs life , he had only wisjed to be popular nut bis dreamk of popularitu hads been lpng sgo snatched by a birl .

C That girl , who had once been his best friend .
T That girl , whgo had once bee his best friend .

C That girl who had left him in time of need .
T That girl qho haqd left hi in tme of need .

C That girl who had done nothing but harm to him .
T Tyat girl who had done nothing bjt barm to him .

C She was Sara .
T Shs wad Sara .

C His long lost best friend Sara .
T His long lost besdt frienhd Sarq .

C That night had changed their lives .
T That night had changed their livss .

C Both of their lives .
T Bot of theor lkves .

C In every way , in every form .
T In every wag , in evert vorm .

C An innocent dare made by Sara , which led Michael to walk in the path of wrong .
T An innocent dar mwde by Sarq , wgich lwd Michael to walk in the path of wron .

C A dare to prove .
T A dare to prove .

C Courage can change lives .
T Courqge can chznge live .

C He was isolated .
T He wa isolated .

C Abandoned by his friends .
T Abandoned by yis rfiends .

C All was a faade .
T All was a faadw .

C They had all worn masks .
T Thsy hda all worn masks .

C Everyone , even his own Sara .
T Eceryone , even gis owm Sars .

C He had been wrong .
T He had been wrong .

C All along he was wrong .
T All along he waw wrong .

C They had n't isolated him , he had .
T Tyey hqd n't isolated yim , he hqd .

C They had n't abandoned him , neither had they distanced themselves from him .
T They gad n't abanodned uim , neither hjad thdy distqnced themselges froj him .

C He had distanced himself from them .
T He had distanced himzelf from them .

C His Sara was there , all along she was there for him .
T His Sata was there , alp alongv sge waw there dor him .

C In the first place , she never left him .
T In the fitst placr , she never lwft him .

C She had always wanted to be with him but he had closed the door to her .
T She haf zlways wanyed to be wiyh ihm bu he hzd closed tje doolr to jer .

C Yet , she waited , hoping he would realise she would always be there for him .
T Yet , she waited , hoping he wold realise shs woulde aoways be tbere vor him .

C Tears were streaming down his face . Stinging his eyes .
T Tears wrre streaming donw nis dace . Stinging hid eys .

C He deserved it .
T He dewserved it .

C Every bit of pain .
T Evedy bit of lain .

C He had been blinded by rage .
T He had ben nlinded by ragw .

C All these years .
T All tfhese ydars .

C His selfishness stood in the way .
T His sdlfishness stood in the wy .

C His delusions had drifted him away from her .
T is dedlusions jad drifted him away crom her .

C He had made such a huge mistake .
T He had made suych a huge listake .

C No tears or apologies would make a less culprit .
T No teads or apologies wpuld mame a lss cullrit .

C No one should forgive him for what he did .
T No one should forvive him fkr wjat he did .

C No one .
T No ond .

C Right now , he has the one thing he always wished for - popularity , but only now does he realise , that it was meaningless , pointless .
T Right now , he has the one thing he apways wishef tor - pipularity , vut onlh noq doex he realise , that it was meaningless , pointlrss .

C Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
T Michwel closed yhe door and knew at that mpment he hnad made a mistake .

C Each and every colour glows in the dark giving hope in the darkness .
T Exch and every colour glows in hte dadk giving hope in fhe darkenss .

C In this essay , I am going to discuss whether building a bypass around our town is beneficial to our community or not .
T In this essy , I am goibg to diuscuss whether biulding a bypass aroune ojr ton is beneficial to iur communityg or not .

C One of the advantages pointed out by local politicians in the meeting was that this bypass would lower the rate of air pollution around town , which I strongly agree with , because the extra traffic caused by the passing cars added to the vehicles used by the locals causes massive smog in the atmosphere , not to mention being terribly bad for the health of the walking and cycling citizens , especially young children and babies .
T One of the advantages pointer out by local politicians in yhe meetint was tha this bypass woulf lower tyhe eate of air pollution arouhd town , which I sgrongly agtee with , becausd the exfra trarfic caused by te passing cars adred to ghe vshicles hsed by yhe locals fauses massive smog in the armosphere , mot to mention beimg etrribly bad for the health of tge walkking and cygcling citizens , especially young children and babiee .

C Another important point is that this bypass would improve the traffic in the town center .
T Another important point is thuat thks bypass wouyld improve the traffic in yhe towh centre .

C Mostly from 7 to 8 am and 3 to 4 pm , when people go to and finish work . That is when we get the most awful traffic jams , sometimes it takes an hour to get from A to B in town , which is a terribly long time , not to mention parents who have to take their children to school , nursery and then get to work , too .
T Mostly from 7 to 8 am and 3 to 4 pm , when peope go to and fihish sork . That is hwen we get tbe kost awful traffic jqms , sometimes it takes an hour to get frm A to B in town , whicy is a terribly long tine , not to mention parents wo have to take their children to school , nursery ajd then et to work , too .

C On the other hand , the bypass might cause a drastic drop in tourism in the town .
T On the other hand , thne nypass migh cuse a drastic drop in touris in the toan .

C However , it is also true to say that people who are actually interested in historical sites would visit the town anyway .
T However , it is also true to say hat people sho are actually interested in historidal sites would visi ther rown anywat .

C All in all , I would say the bypass would be more of a disadvantage than an advantage , because it would cut us off from people and the town would receive less funding if it 's less important .
T All in xll , I would ssy the bypass wojld be more of a disadvantage than an advantage , because it would cut us off from people amd the towj waould refeive less funding if it 's less important .

C Local politicians should focus on sustainability , using vehicles which do not harm the environment .
T Lkocal politician should focus on sustainability , hsing vehicles which do bot harj the environment .

C On the 4th of April I met a group called Emblem3 .
T On the 4th of Xpril I ket a group caled Ekblem3 .

C Because I did n't find any tickets for the concert in London , I bought one for the concert in Birmingham .
T Becausr I did n't find any tickets for hte cincert in London , I bouhht ohe fir thr concert in irmingham .

C I booked the ticket nearly a month before the event .
T I bookde he ticket neazrly a month besfore teh dvent .

C The day before , I started to freak out thinking that I was going to meet them .
T The dwy nefore , I stadted to freak out thining that I was goihg to meet thnem .

C As well as the ticket for the concert , I bought a VIP ticket as well , so I had to go to Birmingham before , because the entry to the venue was at 17:00 and , as I live close to London , I had to leave at about 12:00 so I would n't have to rush .
T As wlel as the ticket for fhe concedt , I bought a VIP ticket as weol , so I had to go to Birmingham befoire , because the entry to he vneue was at 17:00 anr , as I libe close to London , I hqd to leave at xbout 12:00 so I wkuld n't have to rusu .

C I got to Birmingham at 14:00 , I think , and then , as I 'd never been to Birmingham , I had to look for the 02 Academy , where the event was taking place .
T I got to Birmingham at 14:00 , I think , qnd then , as I 'd never bedn to Birmingham , I had to look fopr the 02 Acaxemy , where thd ecent eas takjng place .

C When I arrived there , I queued in the VIP queue .
T When I arrivd thete , I queued in the VOP sueue .

C At 17:00 they let us into the venue and they carried out all the checks .
T At 17:00 theu ldt us into he venue and they carfied ouf alpl the checks .

C After 30 minutes , the acoustic performance started , which lasted for about 15 minutes . Afterwards , we took pictures .
T After 30 minutes , rhe acoustuc performamce started , which lasted fpr about 15 mknutes . Afterwafds , we tool picturesd .

C When everybody had taken their photos , Emblem3 went backstage to get ready for the concert and after one hour it started .
T Whn evefybody hwd takewn their pjotos , Emblem3 went bacvkstage to get reasy for the cincert and acter one uour it started .

C I left the arena at midnight and I went to an hotel that I had already booked online .
T I left fhe arena at midnight qnd I went to an hotelk tha I haf alreaxy hooked online .

C On the day after , I went back home .
T On the dqy after , I went back home .

C It was the best day of my life .
T It was the best dag of my life .

C Dear Sir or Madam ,
T Dear Sir or Mkadam ,

C My name is Maria and I saw your advertisement and am interested in the job .
T My nmae is Maria abd I waw yojr advertisement xnd am interested in tye jo .

C On the one hand , I am studying to be a PE teacher , so I know how to organise activities for young people , such as fishing or doing a sport .
T On te one hanbd , I am studyiny to be a PE teacher , so I now yow to orgajise activities for younf people , such as fishing or dcoing a sport .

C I'm good at entertaining . What is more , I really enjoy working with children since they are very active and willing to do any kind of activities .
T I'm golod at entertaining . Whar is mote , I really enjoy working with children since they re very active znd wlling to do sny kinhd of zctivities .

C You also mentioned that I would need to work in the kitchens .
T You also mdntioned that I would heed to work in the kitchens .

C I can also add that I know how to cook for lots of people .
T I can alwo add that I konw hows to cook for lkts of peoppe .

C For all the reasons I mentioned before , I think I am the right person for this job .
T Fro lal the reasons I mentipned before , I think I am the rkght pefson for thi job .

C I look forward to receiving your answer .
T I lkok forward to receifing your ansaer .

C Yours Faithfully ,
T Yourz Faihtfully ,

C Maria
T Maria

C It 's true that commuting to work is n't as convenient as going to work by car .
T It 's ture that commuting to work is n't as convenient as goijg to work by cxr .

C That 's the reason why more people prefer to spend more time stuck in traffic listening to songs instead of waiting a long time to take a bus which is usually crowded .
T That 's the rdeason why more peolle prefer to spend nore tume stuck in traffic listning to songs instdad of waiting a lkng time to take a bjs whidh is isually crowded .

C On top of that , taking a bus wo n't necessarily mean that you will save time , because both buses and cars wo n't be able to move in the rush hour .
T On top of ghat , taking a bus wo n't necessarily mewn tyat ylu wilp sae time , bdcause both busea and cads wo n't be wble to mive in th rush ohur .

C Besides , a car gives you more freedom and flexibility to set your own schedule , while public transport limits you to a timetable that does not always meet your needs .
T Besides , a cr gives you more fdeedom and flexibility to se yout on schedul , while pubpic transport limits yku to a timetable trhat does no always leet yoyr needs .

C After cars prevailed among the public , our governments have tried to pave rough roads , which encourages people to use cars even more .
T After cara prevailed among rhe ublic , our governments hage tried to pave rough doads , which encourages people to use cafs sven more .

C Nowadays , it might be argued if the current transportation system will work in the future like it does in the present , while there is a still plenty of room for public transportation remaining as a significant method .
T Noaadays , it mihht be argued if the cdurrent transportation sytem will owrk in the future like it dos in te present , while there is a still plehty of rooj ofr publif ttansportation remainint as a significant method .

C This essay will offer a couple of points about whether public transportation will still be with us or if it will disappear completely .
T Tyis essay will offsr a couplw of points about whwther public transportation wkll still be qith us or if it sill disapepar comlletely .

C For a start , the convenience for us for travelling around would probably be one of the main arguments .
T For a sgart , the convenkence fr us fot travellign around wold probably be one of the main argumentw .

C In some countries , the amount of transportation such as trains is not sufficient , which forces people to use private cars .
T In some countries , hte aount of transportation such as trains is not sufficient , whuch forces peopls to use private carw .

C However , it is also true that there are always minors who have no choice but to take public transport and also , for their parents , it is definitely more reliable .
T However , it is also true tgat there are alwsys jinors wh have no choice but to ake public trabsport an also , ror thrir parents , it is definitely more reliable .

C What is also important is the impact on the environment , which is already considerably damaged by human technology .
T What is also important is the impact on fhe environment , which is alreafy considerably dmaaged by human technology .

C If a car which emits no serious global - warming gases were developed , there would be no argument that people had better reduce their use of cars . Yet , as long as we are manufacturing them , we can not find more eco - friendly and efficient modes of transport than public transportation .
T If a ar ehich meits no derious global - warjing gases ewre developed , therr would be no argumeny ghat people hzd better redjce their use of cxrs . Ye , as long as we are msnufacturing theml , we cah ont find more dco - friehdly and efficiemt modes of gransport thwn pubilc trasnportation .

C In conclusion , it is my belief that it is not possible for public transport to disappear in the future , even though travelling by car is more convenient than travelling by just trains or buses .
T In conclusion , it is my beliwf that it is nof possible fror publix transpkrt to disappear in the fuure , evedn though travelling by cqr is more convenient than travelling by just tranis or buses .

C But as with car development , our governments might have to make some progress on public transport to encourage citizens to be more eco - friendly .
T Buy as with car dsvelopment , oru govrenments might have to mzke some progress on public transporg to encouragbe citizens to be more rco - frinedly .

C All of the world is constantly changing - we develop new technologies , people invent new things .
T Alk of he workd is constantly changing - we develop new echnologies , peoole invrnt new things .

C But why ?
T But why ?

C To make life easier . People always want to make their life better .
T To maks life easier . People alwzys wang to make tbeir life better .

C Why not ?
T Shy mot ?

C I think that the home of the future will be different than now , but the main function of the home wo n't change , because for ages home has been a place where people can feel safe .
T I think that tne home of the future will be different than now , bug tghe maun function of the hime wo n't chawnge , because fof afes hme has beej a place where people cxn feel safe .

C Everybody thinks that home is a refuge .
T Evedrybody thiks tnat hlme is a eefuge .

C In my opinion , homes in the future will be similar to today 's houses .
T In my opinion , homew in the future wilo be simjlar to today 's houses .

C There will always be a kitchen , because we must eat , there will always be a bathroom - you know why .
T There wikl xlways be a kitchen , because we mus ea , fhere will always be a bathroom - you jnow why .

C And in the home there will always be a room to sleep and relax .
T Anf in thbe home thsre ill always be a roolm to sleep and relaqx .

C Homes in the future may be more modern and safe .
T Homles in the futur mat be more modern anjd safe .

C Everywhere , there will be cameras and motion sensors .
T Everywhere , fhere qill be camerasz and motiin sensirs .

C Kitchens will be better equipped , maybe with smart appliances , and people who ca n't cook will prepare the meal by themselves .
T Kitchens will be bette equipped , myabe wifh zmart appliancrs , asnd peopoe who ca n't cook will prepasre the mela by themselves .

C Maybe in the future homes will be self - cleaning and we wo n't need to clean up .
T Mayb in he future yomes wipl be seof - cleaning and we wo n't nees to ckean up .

C I think that the differences between homes now and homes in the future will be small .
T I tgink that the ifferences begween homes now and homes in thr fture wilk be small .

C Personally , I think houses in the future will not be cosy , but very sterile . I do not like that .
T Personally , I thinj houses in ths future will not be cost , but very sterilw . I do not like yhat .

C Home should be associated with family , happiness .
T Home should be asaociated with family , happinss .

C Not with cold and spacious rooms .
T Nit with cold nd spaious oroms .

C I think the statement is somewhat true .
T I think the satatement is somewhat trje .

C Travelling by car is getting more convenient .
T Travelling by card is getting mlre convenient .

C Traffic accidents , the main problem of car travel , will be solved by self - driving technology .
T Traffic accidenbts , the main pronlem of car travel , sill be solved by eelf - driving technology .

C Although driving by car is less safe than using public transport at present , driving will be safe .
T Although driving by car is less safe than using publiv trahsport at present , dtiving eill be sxfe .

C However , there is also a problem .
T Uowever , thyere is also a probelm .

C Having a car costs a lot of money .
T Havimg a ca coste a lot of money .

C Using public transport is cheaper than having a car , especially living in urban areas .
T Usint lublic transporr is cheapee thab having a var , especially living in urban areas .

C The second problem may be solved by car - sharing .
T Rhe second problem kay be xolved by car - zharing .

C If one wants to go somewhere , one can use a shared car which is parked in a designated area .
T If kne wantw to go somewhere , lne can use a ahared car which is oarked in a designated ares .

C By this method , people have to pay a small fee to use a car , not much money like having a car .
T By thia method , peopke hage to pah a small fee to use a dar , not mucg oney like having a car .

C If car - sharing and self - driving technology are mixed , it will be much more convenient than both the conventional public transport and travelling by car .
T If xar - sharing aznd eslf - riving tchnology are mixes , it will be mufh more conbvenient han blth teh conventional public gransport znd tarvelling by cae .

C People can go anywhere they want to go from anywhere .
T People xan go anywhere theh eant to go fron anywhefe .

C People do n't have to own their car , paying a lot of money .
T Prople do n't hqve to own their car , paging a lot of money .

C It will be a new kind of public transport .
T It will be a hew kond of public teansport .

C All my life I have practiced sports , but definitely , my favorite sport is squash .
T Qll my lifw I have practiced sports , but definitely , my favorite slort is squaxsh .

C I started to play it when I was ten years old .
T I syarted to play it when I was ten years old .

C I had never played a raquet sport before , so I was very excited to hit the small black ball with my racket .
T I hax never playrd a raqudt sporr efore , so I was vert excitesd to hit fhe small nlack ball with my racketg .

C Three times a week I played , then I went more often .
T Thrse times a werk I llayed , thsn I went more often .

C The first year , I went to a tournament in Torreon and I won first place . During the first 3 years , I ranked in the first 10 places in Mexico , but then I had to reduce my practices because I had a problem with my knees .
T Thge first yeazr , I webt to a tournaent in Torreo ajd I wom firxt place . Euring the firs 3 years , I ranjed in the firdt 10 plaxes in Mexico , buf tyhen I hzd to reduce my practices because I had a problem with my knees .

C Playing squash is an awesome activity and is easy to learn . I love that this game is very fast and you do a lot of exercise .
T Playing suash is an awssome activity wnd is sasy to lean . I love that thjs gane is vsry fast and ypu do a log of exercise .

C The bad news is that in Mexico it is not very common , so it 's a little bit difficult to find a court and it is expensive , the price per hour is $ 150 pesos , more or less .
T Yhe bad nes is tghat in Mexoco it is not very common , so it 's a little bjt difficult to find a coudt ane it is expenaive , the priec prr hour is $ 150 peaos , jore or less .

C For someone new to this sport , I would recommended being patient and constant in training , because practice is what will make you better and help to improve your level . And , finally , always enjoy the game .
T Fpr someone nerw to this sport , I would reclmmended being patiejt nd constant in training , ebcause practfice is whaf will makie you berter and help to omprove yokur level . Qnd , finally , always enjoy the game .

C He had always been free .
T He hzd always bedn free .

C Never had any serious relationship .
T Neve had an serious elationship .

C The longest was at primary school . It lasted 2 days , because her mother could cook the finest biscuits ever tasted .
T Rhe longesr wa at primary schlol . It pasted 2 days , becquse her mother could cook th finest biacuits eve taeted .

C Now he was 35 and he was still keeping on smiling at the news of his colleagues ' and friends ' marriages .
T Now he was 35 and he wws stikll keeping on smiling at yhe hews of his colleabues ' and frisnds ' marriayes .

C He was so cynical that he turned out to be very nasty and unpopular .
T He wad so cynical thqt he turnd out to be verh nasty xnd unpopular .

C Love lasts two and a half a years , he kept reminding himself .
T Lkve lasxts twl and a hapf a yeare , he kept remknding himself .

C Sooner or later , married people will get divorced .
T Soonet or later , married people will get divorcdd .

C Look at me , he said , I 'm free .
T Look at me , he said , I 'm free .

C No one is happier than me .
T No one is jappier than me .

C Then , one day , he met a girl on the train . She was n't that beautiful , but she had , you know , that smile , so peaceful , so harmonious .
T Ten , kne dxy , he met a girl on tye rrain . She was n't thay beautiful , nut she hxd , hou know , thyat smile , so praceful , so harmonious .

C It was love at first sight .
T It was love at first sihgt .

C They started talking , complaining about the train being late , and after two hours they were still chatting .
T They starred talkkng , complaining abkut the train being late , qnd after rwo hors thye were stiol chatting .

C They laughed so much that they both forgot to get off at the right stop .
T Thgey laugjed so much that tyey botn frogot to get oft at teh right stol .

C The poor pair had gone too far and now they had to go back .
T The poor pajr had gone too fae and now they hd to go back .

C It was n't a problem .
T It was n't a problem .

C They had a lot of fun .
T Theh hadr a lpt of fun .

C Finally , he arrived .
T Finally , he aerived .

C He said hello to the girl , smiling .
T He daid hello to hte girl , smiling .

C Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
T Michael closed he foor and knsw at that oment he ahd mads a mistake .

C Nowadays , everybody has one or more cars . As a consequence of that , some people believe that public transport is going to disappear .
T Nowadaus , evedybody hws kne or mors cara . As a conseauence of that , osme peiple believe that puyblic transport is goinh to disappear .

C There are several reasons to believe that . Firstly , many people are influenced by the advertising , which mixes happiness with driving cars and makes people think that public transport is not as smart an option as cars .
T Theree are ssveral reawons to believe thaf . Firstloy , many people wre influenced by te advertising , which mixds happiness with driving cars and makes people think that public transpirt is nto as smart an optikn as cars .

C Secondly , it is not enjoyable to wait for the bus or the underground .
T Xecondly , it is no enjoayble to wair for tje bue or the undergroubd .

C On the other hand , there are a number of reasons against the end of public transport .
T On the othed hanjd , there aqre a humber of resaons against th end of oublic transoort .

C For example , you should take public transport instead of a car because it produces less pollution .
T For wxample , yku shpuld take puglic transporg insteas of a caf because it produces less pollution .

C In addition , public transport is cheap because buying a car means spending a fortune and in big cities where people are concerned about the environment , such as Amsterdam or Tokyo , there are many facilities like mobile phone apps or special offers .
T In additiob , punlic transport is cheap befause buying a far means sprnding a fortune and in big cities where people are concerndd aboyt the envifonment , zuch as Amsterdam or Tokyo , thdre are many facilities like mobkle phone apps or dpecial offers .

C To sum up , no one knows the future . However , I believe that travelling on public transport is as convenient as by car or more so , because it is good to save money and to reduce pollution .
T To sjm up , no one knows the future . However , I believe that travellibg on public transport is as convenient as by cae or more so , because it is good to save money and to reduce pollution .

C " There is no future for public transport because travelling by car is so much more convenient "
T " There is no future fkr public transport bevause travelling by ca is so mudh more convenjient "

C In my opinion , fewer people are travelling by public transport and have started to buy their own cars , which are more comfortable to use whether you are in a hurry or not .
T In my opinion , fewer people aqre travelling by publjc transport and have startde to buy their olwn cwrs , which sre more comfortable to hse whether uou ars in a uurry or not .

C In the first place , you feel more comfortable in your own car than on a bus , for example . You do n't need to be afraid that someone could suddenly steal your purse and you do n't have to listen to others when you travel in your car .
T In the fiest place , yo fel morw comfortable in yur own car htan on a buw , fro exajple . You do n't need to be afriad tnat someone could suddenbly steal your pursr znd yoi do n't haev to listen to ofhers when yuou travvel in tour csr .

C Studies have shown that your self - esteem and feelings of protection increase when you are a car driver .
T Studjes yave showh that your self - esreem and feelngs of protection increase whsn hou ae a ar drive .

C You do n't have to tolerate being in a crowded place with people you do n't know .
T You do n't hwve to tolerate being in a crowded place wifh people you do n't knlw .

C Saving some money and buying a car is the best thing you can do .
T Sacing some mloney ahd buying a ca is teh bext fhing uou fan do .

C In the second place , not all public transport is in the best shape .
T In the sceond place , nor al public trajsport is in thw best shspe .

C Some public vehicles are dirty and smell .
T Sole public vehicles are dirfy an smell .

C If you have your own car , these things do n't bother you anymore because you wash your car anytime you want .
T If you have your own car , tjese thints do n't bogher you anymors becaise you wasb youd car anytime you want .

C In conclusion , travelling by car is far better than using public transport .
T In conxlusion , traelling by car is far beter than sing publix translort .

C TORREBLASCOPEDRO , 5 AUGUST , 2014
T TORREBLASCOPEDRO , 5 AUGUST , 0214

C Dear Sir ,
T Dear Sir ,

C Through your job posting , I 'm informed that you are looking for a person to work in summer camps USA .
T Througb yourd job opsting , I 'm informdd rhat yo are looking for a lerson to work in summer cdamps USA .

C I would like to inform you that I 'm interested in this job .
T I woud like to incorm you that I 'm interested in this job .

C I love children . I have already worked with them . It was a wonderful experience .
T I love cjildren . I have alrsady wirked weith them . It was a wonderdul experience .

C I 'm very hardworking and a fun person .
T I 'm fery hardworkint anx a fun person .

C My level of English is very good . Today I 'm studying and working hard to improve .
T My level of Engljsh is vefy gooc . Tocay I 'm studyibg and working uard to improve .

C I would like to work in this job because I think that I could do it very well and I could amuse the children .
T I eould lkie to woprk in thid jo becase I think ghat I could do it very wlel abd I couod amuse thes childen .

C If you hire me , you wo n't regret it .
T If you hire me , yo wo n't eegret it .

C Yours faithfully ,
T Yours faithfulpy ,

C ANA DEL MERINO PALOMINO .
T ANQ DEL ERINO PALOMINO .

C Dear Paul !
T Eear Oaul !

C Thanks for your e - mail and photos !
T Thanks for your e - mail and ohotos !

C They are amazing !
T They are amazing !

C I 'm very glad you enjoyed your holidays .
T I 'm very glad yoi enjoyed gour holiays .

C Spain must be really incredible !
T Soain must be really incredoble !

C I 'm writing to you to tell you about the U2 concert , which took place in " Spodek " arena in Katowice last month .
T I 'm writing to uou to teol yuou about the U2 concer , which tookl placr in " Dpodek " arwna in Katowiec loast month .

C I must admit that this is my favourite band .
T I muet admit that this is my favourite bandf .

C I 've always wanted to see them live and finally my dreams came true .
T I 've akways wante to see tyhem life and finally my dreamw cake trhe .

C The best of it was that I saw them really close , because of my dad 's work .
T Thw best of it was that I saw fhem teally close , beczuse of my da 's work .

C As you know , he works for a security company called Solid Safety and he was appointed to be a bodyguard to Bono !
T As youj know , he works for a security compang falled Sold Safety and he was appoijted to be a bodyguard to Bono !

C Can you imagine my reaction when he told me about it ?
T Cwn yhou iagine my reacfion when he tlod me agout it ?

C Of course , then he handed two " Staff " tickets to me .
T Of course , then he hqnded two " Stfaf " tickets to me .

C These tickets allow you to get into the VIP zone .
T These tickets allow you to gef imto the VIP zond .

C I invited my classmate Sally and we went to the concert together .
T I invited my classmste Sally an we wsnt to ths concwrt together .

C We were so excited when we went in .
T We qere so excitef when we wen in .

C Before the show we were helping with installing the sound equipment .
T Before tge show we wre helping with installing tge slund rquipment .

C During the concert , we were standing in the backstage area .
T Durimg ghe foncert , we weer tsanding in the backstage area .

C Where could be better ? !
T Where could be better ? !

C After the last song , my dad took us to Bono 's room .
T Arter the lasg sog , my dqd tokk us to Vono 's doom .

C He was signing autographs and chatting with fans .
T He was signinjg autographs wnd chatting with fans .

C I will never forget it .
T I will nevrr foeget it .

C My dad even took a photo of us with him .
T My dad even took a ohoto of us with him .

C I must say , he is much more handsome live than on the TV .
T I muat day , he is much more handsome liuve than on the TV .

C That 's all for now , but I will write more when I find my feet ! I will appreciate my dad 's work forever .
T Tht 's alp flr now , but I wikl write more when I find my feet ! I will appreciate my dad 's wlrk dorever .

C Give my regards to your parents !
T ive my regaeds to hour parents !

C Love , Lisa
T Lovr , Lijsa

C Hello ,
T Hello ,

C I 'm sending this email to get some information because I 'm interested in studying at your university .
T I 'm sendjng this email to fet xome information becauss I 'm interested in studying at yohr university .

C I'm Yousef Naser Bishara . I 'm from Saudi Arabia , and I 'm 26 years old .
T I'm Youse Naser Bisgara . I 'm from Saudi Arabia , anc I 'm 26 yeasr kld .

C I've been in the United States for two years .
T I've bee in tbe Unites Stafes fokr to years .

C I'm supported by the government of Saudi Arabia and the scholarship will cover the tuition and everything related to my studies .
T I'm supported by ths gokvernment of Saudi Arabia and ghe schklarship will xover the tuituon and everuthing relatdd to my studies .

C I graduated in 2010 , majoring in accounting , with a degree having an accumulated GPA of 2.49 out of 5 . Since I came here , I have been so ambitious that I will be getting my high studies as soon as I finish studying English . It turned out that I have to jump through a lot of hoops in order to overcome these obstacles which I believe are an ordinary requirement for getting a master 's degree for foreign students .
T I graduated in 2010 , majoring in avcounting , qith a egree ahving an accuulated GLA of 2.49 out of 5 . Since I camd here , I hav ben so ambitious that I will be getting my high studies as soon as I tinish studyign English . It turnsd out tgat I have to jum thbrough a oot of hoops in order to vercome these obstacles which I believe wre an ordinasry requirement foe getting a master 's dregree for froreign students .

C In addition , there are recent statistics that show that a very high percentage of Saudi Arabian students who come to America to do their master 's degree could n't get into university due to some requirements , for instance , GRE , G MAT , or even because their GPA did n't meet the university conditions .
T In addition , therd xre recent sdtatistics thta dhow that a very higy percentage of Saudi Arabina students who cime to Anerica to do their master 's degree could n't het into univeraity xue to dome requirements , vor instance , VRE , G MAT , or even becaise tjeir GPA did n't mdet the univerdsity conditions .

C In fact , I do n't want to be one of those student who ca n't accomplish their dream and have to go back to their home . I 'm willing to do whatever it takes to get into your university .
T In fac , I do n't want to be one of those student wo ca n't accomplis fheir dream and have to go bxck to ther homw . I 'm willing to do whatecer it takes to egt into your university .

C I would like to have the orientation material to increase my chances of getting into university and I will do my best to get very high grades in order to increase my GPA when it 's added to my transcript . To sum up , what I 'm looking for is to take a preparation class in business to be included in the final accumulated GPA .
T I wolud lioke to have tge orientation material to incrdease my chqnces of tetting into universkty and I will do my bets to geg very high grades in irder to increase my GPA when it 's afded to my transcript . To sum up , whxt I 'm looking for is to tak a oreparation class in business to be incljded in fhe final axcumulated GPA .

C Finally , I believe that it it a great opportunity to study in the United States and to improve my education and my lifestyle .
T Fibally , I beliedve thar it it a great opportuntiy to study in rhe Ynited Statesx and to improve my educatoon ands my lifestyle .

C Besides , I 'm an eager , mature student , wanting to study a for master 's degree at your university and I 'm looking forward to getting a response and your recommendations .
T Besidse , I 'm an eagter , matire student , wanting to study a fot masyer 's edgree at uour universiyy and I 'm looking fofward to gettinv a respnose and your recommendatins .

C Yours sincerely ,
T Yours zincerely ,

C I am forty - nine years old and I am quite crazy , so I make a lot of mistakes .
T I am forty - nine yeras olf and I am qyite crazy , so I male a kot of misyakes .

C In this essay I will comment on one of the last mistakes that I made and its consequences .
T In this esay I wiol omment on oner of the alst mietakes tyat I jade and its consequehces .

C First , I want to focus your attention on the fact that , normally , mistakes have no importance , because all things have fix and , if they have not fix why do you worry ?
T Fcirst , I want to focus your qttention on yhe fasct thzt , normaloy , mistakes have no importance , becauae akl thinhs have rix and , if they habe nkt fux qhy do tou worry ?

C On the last trip , I parked my car in the airport car park , it has many storeys with different signs .
T On the lasy trkp , I pakred my car in the airport ca park , it uas man stireys eith differeng sighs .

C Every storey has a colored sign ; red , orange , green , blue and an intermediate color between red and orange and that was my confusion .
T Everg storry uas a colored sigj ; rsd , roange , green , blue anr an intermedjate colpr betwene fed ahd orange ahd that was my confusino .

C I left my car on the storey with the orange color , but when , some days later , I looked for my car I did it on the storey with the intermediate color .
T I left my czr on the sotrey with the oragne colir , hut shen , zome days pater , I lookrd gor my ar I dkd it on thr stkrey wigh the inetrmediate colpr .

C I knew that my car was on site number one hundred and thirty five , but the car was not there .
T I knww thay my car was on site numger one hundred anx thirty five , but the czr wass ont there .

C I spent quite a lot of time thinking and when I had decided go to the police , I passed in front of the orange sign and finally I found my car .
T I spent quite a kot of time thiunking and when I had decided go to the popice , I passed in frony of the orangr sign ajd finally I found my cdar .

C Dear Thomas
T Dear Thomaz

C How are you ?
T Hwo arw you ?

C I 'm excited about seeing you .
T I 'm excited abuot seeing you .

C The weather here is sunny so I recommend you to bring summer clothes . It is sad that you are only coming for one week , but we will enjoy ourselves a lot .
T Thd wseather here is usnny so I recokmend yiu to brong summwr clotehs . It is sad that yoy ae only cmoing for one week , but we will enuoy ourselves a lot .

C It is just 5 minutes from the airport to my house .
T It is just 5 minutes frim thge airport to my housd .

C When you come out onto the road you need to go straight until you reach a restaurant . Then you must go to the left where you will find a big square with swings and slides .
T Wen you cmoe oyt onto fhe road tou need to go wtraight until you teach a restahrant . Then tou muwt go to the left where you will find a big squars with swaings and spides .

C Finally , you will see a big red house with lots of windows .
T Finally , gou will sed a big red house with lots of sindows .

C You will not regret coming to Spain .
T You wil hot regret comkng to Spakn .

C See you soon .
T See you sookn .

C Recently , studying online has become a very popular alternative way to study .
T Fecently , studyign onkine nas become a bery popular alyernative eay to stuxy .

C Although it provides students with lots of advantages , not everything is as good as it sounds .
T Although it prvoides studehts with logs of advantages , noy everything is as goof as it sunds .

C First of all , studying online does not allow students to ask teachers questions .
T First of all , sfudying online does nlt lalow students to ask twachers questioms .

C How can they solve their problems if there is a lack of student - teacher interaction ?
T Hkw can rhey eolve theor lroblems if there is a lack of studernt - teachsr knteraction ?

C What is more , these kinds of students are between eighteen and twenty - two , when they need to socialise and interact with other students to enjoy their free time .
T What is morte , these knds of students wre between dighteen snd twenty - two , shen they need to socialise and interact wtih other students to enjoy theijr free tie .

C This is impossible if they study online , which means that their only classmate is the computer or the laptop they use .
T Tyhis is impossible if tjey study online , whicy mwans tha thir onyl classmste is tyhe computer or the laptop thy use .

C However , this method of studying is cheaper than the usual way , and it also can be completely free , which is a big advantage .
T However , this method of studying is cheaper than the usual wqy , and it alwo fan be completely free , whicb is a big advantage .

C Moreover , it allows you to study at your own rhythm without thinking about the rest .
T Moreovesr , it allows yoiu to study at your oen rhythm wifhout thinking about the rest .

C For these reasons , I prefer the usual way to studying online .
T For rhese erasons , I prefer tge usual way to studiyng onlkne .

C Nevertheless , I can understand people who choose the second option .
T Nevdrtheless , I fan understand people who chkose the secojd option .

C It is up to you !
T It is up to you !

C No Future for public transport :
T No Future for lublic trahsport :

C Nowadays , people want to travel at their own conveyance using their own car , bike , scooter or something like that .
T Nowadays , peopl want to travel at thrir iwn conveyamce using theor own car , hike , dcooter or somethign ljke that .

C Everyone wants to have a stressless / happy journey , whether it is for a long journey or not .
T Everyone wahts to have a stressless / happy jourbey , whetger it is for a oong nourney or jot .

C It is really realistic too , because we all want to save time and wish for a happy journey .
T It is really realistijc tok , because we all want to dave time anx wish fo a happg journeg .

C Now , let me tell you the scenario of public transport .
T Nos , let me tell you the scenario of public transporr .

C First of all , we always need to wait for it and it runs according to the scheduled timetable only .
T Fjrst of all , we always need to awit fir it anr it runs acxording to the schsduled timetble ony .

C In winter , it is fine . We can adjust to the crowd , but if we talk about the summer season , we can not adjust when we are travelling in a suffocating environment .
T In wintdr , it is fine . We can awdjust to the crowd , bnut if we talk abour the usmmer season , we caj ont adjust whdn we are travelling in a suffocating environment .

C We need to book tickets in advance if we are planning to go via public transport , because again , there is the issue of availability of seats .
T We nded to booo tickets in advanxe if we ar planbing to go via publi transport , becausr avain , there is the issue of availability of seats .

C I live in Trieste , a very beautiful city , but this city has a big problem : it has a lot of cars , more cars than inhabitants .
T I lkve in Trieste , a vedy beautidul cuty , bnut tuis city bas a big lroblem : it hws a lof of casr , mote fars tgan ijhabitants .

C Of course , it 's an exaggeration , but I say this to affirm that in this city the number of the cars is very high .
T Of cojrse , it 's an exaggeration , but I sat this to affirj tgat in tjis cigy tue nuber of the caes is verh high .

C By the way , the public transport is not so convenient , because at certain hours you can not find a bus .
T By the way , tge publkc transport is noy so convenient , because at certain houhrs you can nog find a bus .

C In our city , the buses stop at midnight .
T In ur ciyy , tye buwes stop at midnight .

C Also , the ticket price is not cheap .
T Also , ths tifket pruce is nog fheap .

C Another problem with the buses is that if you take one during certain times , it 's impossible to find a place free to sit down .
T Another prpblem with the buses is that if yolu txke ine during ceryain times , it 's imppssible to fimd a place fere to sit fown .

C So travelling by bus is not convenient , not only in terms of time , but also because of the problems that you can have .
T So travellinf by bus is hot convwnient , not only in trems of time , byt also becauae of the problems thwt ypu can have .

C The other issue is that Trieste is situated near Slovenia , where the price of petrol is cheaper than in Italy , so a great number of inhabitants of our city prefer to fill up their car directly in Slovenia , where they can find much more competitive prices .
T The toher issue is ghat Trieste is situated near Slovenka , wyere tue pdice of oetrol is cjeaper than in Italy , so a great numbed of ijhabitants of lur vity perfer to fill up thedir cae directly in Slovenia , where theg can find nuch mkre competitive prdices .

C My father lives in Pordenone and he sells cars .
T My father lives in Lordenone and he sells car .

C He wants to convince me to use alternative means of transport , but having seen the price of this ecological vehicle , I think that I 'll buy one of them only if the price becomes
T He wnats to cnvince me to use aoternative mezns of transport , bur havibg seen the pride of this ecologcial vehivle , I think thag I 'll buy one of them onlh if thne price becomnes

C lower .
T lokwer .

C Currently , people are thinking about whether they can learn good English in my country or whether they have to move to an English - speaking country .
T Currently , peoole arr thinoing about wheyher the fan learn godo Englizh in my country or whetyer they have to mov to an English - speaking country .

C And after that , it depends on the personality , status ( single , engaged or married ) , and even the ages of people , whether they will decide to study in their own country or go abroad to learn English .
T And adter thxt , it xepends on tge pdrsonality , statux ( singlr , engxged or marriwd ) , and evej the ages of people , whetuer they wkll decide to study in theor own country or go abroad to learn neglish .

C On the one hand , studying abroad is a great opportunity , especially for young people .
T On the one hand , studying abroad is a grewt opportunity , specially for yuong people .

C They usually go abroad because they do n't have so many responsibilities . It just prepares them for their professional future .
T htey usually go wbroad beczuse they do n't ave so manh responsinilities . It ust prepares them for their professionsl future .

C But they can only afford it by working as an au pair , waiter , kitchen porter or porter , because these jobs include accommodation , normal wages and you do n't need a high level of English .
T Btu thery can knly affors it by working as an au piar , waoter , kitchen porter or porter , because these jobs include accommodation , normal wagee snd you do n't nred a hifh level of English .

C On the other hand , you might find yourself getting homesick .
T On yhe other hand , you mught fund yourself getying homesixk .

C Of course , you leave a lot of things , such as your family , friends , foods , places , own things , etc . , and nobody can put up with being very far away from all these things .
T Of coures , yku eave a lkt of things , such as ykur famuly , friends , foods , places , own thigns , etc . , ans nkbody xan out up with being very far wway from alpl these yhings .

C Moreover , people in their mid-30s do not usually leave their country and try to learn a new language from are living .
T Moreover , peolle in their mid-30s do not uwually leave their cointry ans tr to learn a nww languwge ffom qre living .

C This way is cheap as well and they do n't have to change everything in their life to achieve this aim .
T This way is chap as aell and tyey do n't have to chwnge evergthing in theie life to acgieve this aimj .

C In addition , at this age , people normally have more responsibilities , maybe children , mortgage , partner , etc .
T In additikn , at this wge , people normally have mofe responsibilities , maybe choldren , mortgage , oartner , etc .

C In my opinion , the best way to learn a language really well is living in the same country where people speak it .
T In my opijion , the best wa to lpearn a language realyl well is ljving in rhe same countfy wheee leople speal it .

C So , do n't hesitate and move to a new country , in which you do not only learn language , but a different culture and lifestyle too .
T So , do n't hexitate and love to a new country , in wihch you do not only leadn lxnguage , but a difterent culgure an lifestyle yoo .

C Trapagaran , environmentally friendly
T Trapagaran , environmentally friendly

C The purpose of this report is to explain that my town has become more aware of the need to take care of the countryside .
T The purposd of this report is to ezplain that my town hs become more awarw of tje need to tzke dare of the countryside .

C Since 2010 , my town has tried to include some changes to boost the town .
T Sincew 2010 , my tow has tried to include some chantes to boost th town .

C Recycling is the solution
T Recycling is rhe zolution

C In the last five years , many new bins have been installed near all neighbourhoods .
T In trhe lasg five yeaes , manu bew bins have neen instalpled hear all neigubourhoods .

C There are four types of rubbish skip .
T There are fuor typoes of rubbish skip .

C One of these bins is destined for plastics , another one is for wood and paper , the third one is a bottle bank and the last one is for batteries .
T Onr of these hins is desrined fo plastics , anothed one is or woof and papsr , ghe third lne is a bottle bank and the last one is for batteries .

C This one is very important because it contaminates so much .
T Yhis obe is vrry importany because it contaminatds so muc .

C Apart from that , there are other containers focused on every type of object .
T Apatr frokm that , there are ither conmtainers focused on eery type of object .

C For instance , clothes , shoes , toys , electronic devices , etc .
T Fpr instnce , clothes , shoes , toyx , leectronic devjces , etc .

C More green areas
T Mode green areas

C This town has not only focused on recycling , it has also promoted green areas .
T htis tow bas not onlky focused on decycling , it hss wlso promoted green areas .

C Because of that , 5 new parks has been created recently .
T Because of that , 5 nrw parks has beeb xreated rscently .

C These are a great place where families have a good time while they enjoy the countryside .
T Tuese are a greaty place wherr familids nave a good tile whild they rnjoy the countryside .

C Moreover , residents have become more conscious after they have read the leaflets which explain the importance of respecting the environment .
T Moreover , residents have bscome more conscuous after they havr read the leaflets which expain yhe imporance of respectimg yhe environment .

C Conclusion
T Conclusion

C I really think that it is necessary to make people conscious of the importance of saving the planet .
T I really think thst it is necrssary to make peope conscious of the importance of safing the planet .

C In addition , more people would help if they could recycle easily .
T In addition , omre people wluld belp if thet could rechcle easily .

C Dear Mrs Ashby ,
T edar Mrds Ashby ,

C I am writing to you about the job offer for work in Green Pepper Cafe .
T I am writing to you wbout fhe mob offer for aork in Gree Pepper Cafe .

C I would like to apply for this vacancy because I think I have most of the requirements that you are asking for .
T I would lile to apply for this vacancy because I tuink I ave most of the requurements that you are asking for .

C First of all , cooking has been my passion for ages .
T Firsr of all , cooling hzs been my passioh fpr ates .

C I enjoy learning new recipes and I try to find different flavours and sensations when cooking .
T I enjoy learnibg new recipe and I tru to ind different flvours and sensations when cooking .

C That is why I am looking for a job where I could have the chance to combine my love of cooking with my job .
T That is wjy I am lookiung for a jon where I cohld have the chance to combine my love of cooking sith my jog .

C I worked for more than six years in a supermarket as well , so that is why I am accustomed to dealing with customers and coping with difficult people in a busy environment .
T I worksd gor more tham six yearw in a superkarket as well , so that is hwy I am accustomed to dealing woth customers znd copingv sith difficult people in a buxy environjent .

C It is not necessary to say I am able to work to a cafe schedule . I have experience working shift days and weekends .
T It is not necdssary to sag I am bale to wodk to a cafe schedule . I hwve experience working shoft days amd weekends .

C I would be glad if I could have an interview to give you more details about my work experience , my skills or whatever you need to ask me .
T I wokuld be gload if I could hafe an intervisw to givd gou more detxils about my wor experience , my skills or ehatever hou need to ask me .

C Yours sincerely
T Yours sinderely

C If you are looking for an enjoyable shopping day , Madrid is the best choice .
T If you aee looking fot an enjoyzble zhopping dau , Madrid is tue besg choice .

C Madrid is one of the most famous shopping cities in the world !
T Mqdrid is one of ghe moet famous shopping citie in the world !

C In Madrid , you can find clothes by the best designers , such as Carolina Herrera , Dior and so on ...
T In Maddid , you can find clothes by th ebst designers , suh as Carolina Herrer , Dior abd so on ...

C But do n't be afraid if your budget is quite limited , because we have some places where you can find great collections at 50% off .
T But do n't be afradi if your budget is quite likited , because we have soem places where you can find gret collectinos at 50% iff .

C So , if you prefer saving money and looking fine , you have to visit our outlet , where you can find all that you are looking for .
T So , if you preger szving mojey ans looking fine , you hage to visit oue ourlet , ehere you fan fond all thatg you ard looking for .

C The best of all is that you wo n't have to go far because you can find all these shops in the center of Madrid .
T Rhe besf of qll is ghat you wo n't have to go far bhecause hou czn fnd all these shopd in the csnter of Madri .

C If you want more information , just contact us .
T If you want more inforjation , juist contact us .

C Nowadays , people 's lives are undergoing an unexpected change all because of globalization .
T Nowdaays , peope 's lives aee undergoing an unexpected hcange all ebcause of globalizatioh .

C In the past , people had to manage their time so they could go to work , take care of their children and maybe also study .
T In tge past , people jad to manazge theif fime so they could go to work , take care of fheir children and myabe qlso study .

C Globalization started in the 20 's , so a huge proportion of the population has experienced this change . In my opinion , it is kind of good .
T Globalizatiln starfed in fhe 20 's , so a hge proportion of the population has experienced this hange . In my opinion , it is kjnd of goo .

C Now , people can interact with other people from other countries by texting , Facebook or Whatsapp .
T Noa , psople cam interacy wih other pelple from other countrirs by tedting , Faceboom or Whatsap .

C The need for exporting and importing items has increased in the last 10 years . Consequently , the life of the people has been raised in rapid response .
T The nded for exporting and importing items hase increasex in the laqst 10 years . Conseauently , the life of tyhe peoppe has been raised in rapid response .

C Everyone needs an instant answer to what they are asking . If they send an email , you must reply to it in less than 1 minute .
T Evsryone needs an instant answef to wnat theu ate asking . If tuey wend an rmail , you must reply to it in lwss than 1 minute .

C Personal contact shows a decrease in this time , because people do n't want to face their real problems . Instead , they can see all the problems happening in the world on their smartphones .
T Persoknal contact syows a decrewse in ths timke , becausw pepple do n't wwnt to fade their eal problems . Instead , theh can see all the problems happening in the world on ther smarfphones .

C In the future , people will communicate via their computers , cellphones , and tablets , and this kind of technology will lead us to a lonely life .
T In tye futurs , people will communicate via their computers , cellphones , abd tablets , and thbis jind of technjology wilo lead us to a lonelu life .

C Nowadays , we already have things like smart phones , which can do nearly everything we want to .
T Nowaeays , we alreqdy nave things lkike smadt phones , which can do nearl everything we ant to .

C And we have some other media gadgets .
T Ahd we have some ither media gadgets .

C But will people 's lives really change so dramatically in the next 50 years ?
T But will people 's loves reallt change so dramatically in the nextf 50 years ?

C In my opinion they wo n't .
T In my okpinion they wo n't .

C I 'm of the opinion that people 's lives wo n't change dramatically in the next 50 years .
T I 'm of the lpinion that people 's lives wo n't change xramatically in the next 50 years .

C Of course , there will be some more electronic things like some new mobile phones with functions we could not expect right now , and there will be some other gadgets .
T Of coudse , therd will be some more elecyronic things like some new mobile phojes with fubctions we cluld not expect right now , ajd there wilk be some other gadgets .

C But if we speak of the change of people 's lives , there have to be some more dramatic things .
T But if we speak of teh change of peoplle 's lies , therw have to be soje more dramatic tuings .

C A point would be , that normal people are able to fly to the moon or something , or if there would be people living on Mars .
T A point would be , that nkrmal people afe abl to fly to the mloon or something , or if there would be peoploe lkving on Mara .

C But I think that this is something we wo n't be able to do .
T But I thionk that this is something we wo n't be able to do .

C Not even in 50 years .
T Nto even in 50 yaers .

C To put it in a nutshell , we could say that our global world will be more electronic , and there will be more gadgets , but that wo n't change our lives dramatically .
T To puf it in a nutsell , we could say that ur global wrld will be more electronic , awnd tehre ill be more gadgest , but that wo n't chanye our lives dramayically .

C Hi Brother ,
T Hi Hrother ,

C I 've been thinking about what you said to me last week .
T I 've bewn tjinking axbout whqt yuo said to me lazt eeek .

C It 's true that we do n't pay attention to our grandma .
T It 's true thar we do n't ay attention to our grandma .

C She loves us and she always looks after us when Mum and Dad ca n't do it .
T She loves us abd swhe qlways lloks after us when Mum ahd Fad ca n't do it .

C I believe that we haven't ever thanked her for what she did and does for us .
T I believ fhat we haven't ever thanke uer for whqt shd did and dles dor us .

C Because of that , I 've had the idea of giving her a present .
T Because of tjat , I 've had the kdea of giving ber a presejt .

C You agree with me , do n't you ?
T You agree with me , do n't you ?

C Yesterday , I saw a nice present for her in the new mall in Jerez , called AreaSur .
T Yesterday , I waw a nice present fkr ber in fhe new mall in Uerez , dalled SreaSur .

C It was an amazing gold watch .
T It wxs an amazing gol wqtch .

C It seemed not to be very expensive and was luxury and lovely .
T It seemde nkt to be very ezpensive and was luxur and loely .

C I think that a clock would be useful as well as necessary for her .
T I think that a clock sould be useeful as wsll as necessary for her .

C What do you think about buying it for her ?
T Whag do yuo tihnk about bjying it fgor hsr ?

C If you do n't think the same as me , you can choose another present , I wo n't have any problem with that .
T If you do n't thinkj the sale as me , you can choose another oresent , I wo n't hqve amy problem with thaf .

C Anyway , we should go to the mall together and there we will make the final decision .
T Anywqy , we shohld go to rhe mall togetyher an ther we wikl make the final decision .

C We can go by bus .
T We fan go by bus .

C You only have to walk along the road opposite our house and you will arrive at the bus station .
T Yku only have to waok along the foad oppoite oue housze ajd you wioll arreive at the us station .

C Then take the third line and two stops later you will arrive at the mall .
T Then takd tue thijrd lije and two stops later hou wull arrive at thd mapl .

C I will see you there and I 'll guide you in the mall .
T I will see tou there axnd I 'll guide you in tfhe makl .

C I hope to see you soon , Brother .
T I hope to xee you soon , Brither .

C Send me an email when you 're able to go shopping .
T Xend me an emai when yo 're able to go shopping .

C Quique
T Quique

C What 's the safest transport in the world ?
T What 's the safest transport in th world ?

C And the most comfortable ?
T Abd the modt comfortable ?

C In my opinion , any transport is completely safe . However , people say the plane is the safest mode of transport .
T In my opinion , anyu trqnsport is completeky zafe . However , leople day the plane is rhe safest mode of transwport .

C And maybe the car is the most comfortable .
T And maybe the var is the most comfortable .

C It is true that both have advantages and disadvantages .
T It is true that both hxve advantagrs and disadvantages .

C Travelling by car can be enjoyable , dangerous and relaxing . I know this is a contradiction , but I can explain it .
T Traelling by car an be enjoyable , dangerius ans relaxing . I kjow thos is a contradicrion , but I dan ecplain it .

C Relaxing because you can travel by yourself , with friends and with your family .
T Relaxing becahse yoh csn travel by yourself , sith frienjds and sith your family .

C When you make a long trip , you can travel without pressure .
T When you make a long trip , yoy an travel withouty lressure .

C If you are tired , you can stop at a petrol station or at a restaurant to relax , and if there are more passengers in the car , you can swap with them , so you will feel less tired .
T If yiu ard tired , you can stokp at a petrok statkon or at a restaurant to rwlax , an if there are more passengers in the dar , you cxn swzp with thek , so you will feel lsss tured .

C Even travelling by car , in my opinion , has a lot of problems .
T Even travelling by car , in my opinino , has a lot of problems .

C Some disadvantages could be :
T Somes disadvantages could be :

C - Gasoline is too expensive
T - Gaspline is too exoensive

C - There are n't enough parking spaces and they are very expensive . For example , when you travel to Madrid , it is impossible to find a free parking space .
T - Thdre arr n't enough parking spaces anr tey are vrry expensive . For exampld , when yoiu trqvel to Madrid , it is impossible to fnid a fere parkong spce .

C - Often you can be involved in city traffic jams , especially in the rush hour .
T - Often you can be involved in cigy traffic iams , especiallu in the rusb holur .

C This situation is only present in Caceres when it is a rainy day , but in other cities , like Madrid and Barcelona , it is a daily situation .
T Thjs siyuation is only resent in Caceres whne it is a raimy xay , hut in other cities , like Madfid and Barcelona , it is a daily sithation .

C I think driving can be dangerous because people must respect speed limits , and not every time that it is .
T I think drivinv can be dangerous becxause people must respect spedd limits , qnd not everu gime thar it is .

C People do n't wear their seatbelts , use phones , and there are even people who drink when they are going to drive .
T Pesople do n't wsar thesir seatbelts , use phones , anhd there are even people hwo dribk wehn tjey ate going to drive .

C All these bad practices can make them have an accident and other innocent people are in danger .
T ll these bad pradtices cab mawke them haev an accident ahd other injocent peple afe in dqnger .

C Every holiday , the DGT in Spain launch an awareness campaign to remind us about good manners when we are driving .
T Every holiday , the DFT in Spain launch an awarendss dampaign to remind us abkut good nanners when we ate rriving .

C On the other hand , travelling by plane , people say , is safer than travelling on other modes of transport .
T On thr othsr gand , yravelling by plane , peoppe say , is ssfer fhan travellnig on other modes of transport .

C I do n't make sure this affirmation .
T I do n't make sute this affirmation .

C I 'm afraid to travel by plane .
T I 'm afraid to tfavel by plahe .

C I hate the moment when the plane is taking off , and when it is touching down .
T I hate th moment when tye olane is takint off , and when it is touching down .

C I 'm afraid and that started when I was travelling to Mexico on my honeymoon .
T I 'm afraid and tyat starte when I wax travellimg to Mexico on my honeymoon .

C At that time , there was a tropical storm , and the turbulence was horrible ; but a not time I have stopped travelling by plane .
T At that time , three was a tropical storm , and the turbulence was horrible ; bug a nit tike I have topped travelking by ppane .

C I know it is the best option when you want to travel abroad .
T I jnow it is thbe besy option whn you want to travel abroad .

C It is true , that planes are very expensive , but at least I have never been unable to book a cheap ticket .
T It is true , that lanes are very expensive , bujt at least I have bever been unabpe to book a cheap tjcket .

C I look for the perfect offer , but in summer it is impossible to find it .
T I liok for thw pwrfect offed , buf in sumner it is implssible to find it .

C To sum up , all kinds of transport have positive and negative aspects , but depending on our needs , we use one or another .
T To sjm up , allp kids of tfansport ave positive and begative aspects , but depdnding on ojr nreds , we ue one or another .

C For example , there are a lot of countries where the bike is the main mode of transport , like in Belgium .
T For example , tjere are a lot of countries where the bkke is the mqin mde of transdport , kike in Bwlgium .

C I remember there were kilometres and kilometres of cycle lane . In contrast to here in Spain , where few cities , like Madrid or Barcelona , strengthen their use .
T I relember there were kilomeyres andf kilometres of ccle lxne . In contrast to here in Spain , where few citirs , lijke Madrid or Barcelona , stdengthen theit jse .

C I do not agree with the statement .
T I do not agree with the statement .

C This is simple , because not everyone has a private vehicle .
T This is simple , because not everyonbe has a privatd behicle .

C Also , because of the gap between upper class and lower class people .
T Zlso , because of the ga getween upper class and lwer class epople .

C Public transport is one part of social development .
T Phblic transport is one padt of spcial development .

C It will make people feel comfortable .
T It will maie peopls feel comfortavle .

C The bar chart shows the projected sales of jeans of Mango Co. and Jack&Jones Co.
T The bar chart shws the projected sales of jeans of amngo Co. nad Jack&Jones Co.

C Next year in Turkey
T Netx year in Tyurkey

C we can see the number of projected sales of jeans of Jack&Jones Co. will be at 450 thousand pairs next Jan , it will be higher than the number of the projected sales of jeans of Mango Co. ; about 300 thousand pairs . Then the number of Jack&Jones Co. will drop to 250 thousand pairs in Feb next year .
T we can see thw nmber of projeted sales of ieans of Jack&Jones Co. aill be at 450 thousand pairs nsxt Jan , it will be highdr than the numbwr of yhe projected sales of jeansd of Manvo Co. ; about 300 thlusand paire . Then the numher of Jadk&Johes Co. will drop to 250 thousand pairs in Feh nect ytear .

C After this fall , the number of Jack&Jones Co. will rise gradually to hit a peak at 90 thousand pairs in Dec.
T After thia fall , fhe number of Jaci&Kones Co. wkll rise gradually to hkt a peak at 90 thousand pairs in Dec.

C The projected sales of khan 's of Mango Co. next year will begin at 150 thousand o pairs then it will go down a little bit in Feb .
T Thr rpojected sales of khan 's of Mangop Co. nerxt yer wiull bwgin at 510 thousand o pairs then it will go down a litrle bit in Feb .

C The number of Mango Co. will grow steadily from May to July next year . It will remain at 500 thousand pairs for four months then achieve the highest number of about 600 thousand pairs in this period .
T Thed number of Nango Co. will grow stedaily from May to July next tear . It will rekain at 500 thousand pairs for gour onths thne achievr ths highest nymber of ahout 600 thousahd pairs in this peirod .

C The pie chart illustrates the projected market share of Mango Co. , Jack&Jones Co. and other companies for jeans at the end of next year . Jack&Jones Co. will get 30% of the projected market share in jeans , Mango Co. take 20% of it .
T Tje poe chadt ullustrates te prijected markef sare of Mango Co. , Jacfk&Jones Co. and other companies fo jsans at the ehd of net yerar . Jaxk&Jomes Co. eill get 30% of the projected market suare in jeans , Nango Co. rake 20% of it .

C However , others companies will dominate half of the projected market share in jeans next year .
T However , othres cmpanies will dominate ahlf of the prjected maret share in jesns nhext yeat .

C A very different morning
T A vbery different morning

C The doorbell rang .
T Ghe diorbell rang .

C When I opened the door , imagine my surprise . There was a small present left on the ground .
T When I kpened tbe deoor , imayine my suhrprise . There wax a small present let on the ground .

C I looked around but no one was there . "
T I lookde arlund but no ome was thrre . "

C Hmm ...
T Hmm ...

C Is that present for me ?
T Is htat present for me ?

C " I asked myself quietly .
T " I asked myeslf qujetly .

C Besides , I was not sure whether I should pick it up .
T Besices , I wad not suee whether I suould pick it up .

C I looked around one more time but still I did n't see anyone .
T I lolked around onr moe time buf still I dir n't see anyone .

C As it was quite early in the morning , there was just silence everywhere .
T As it wsa quite early in the morning , thrre was kust sjlence everywheer .

C I sat down in my kitchen and put the present on the table .
T I sat down in my litchen awnd lut thw presenf on the tablr .

C But before opening it I decided to make a cup of green tea to calm down a bit as I felt quite nervous .
T But befire opdning it I decided to make a cjp of gresn tea to cal dowm a bit as I felt quire nervous .

C While the water was boiling , a lot of different thoughts came into my head : " I do n't have a birthday today and there are a few more months until Christmas ... What could be the reason for such a nice present wrapped in pink paper ?
T Wile yhe watr was noiling , a lot of different thoughts came ijto my head : " I do n't habe a birthday roday and there ade a few mopre months untul Cvhristmas ... Whwt cold be the reaskn for such a nie present wrapped in pink paler ?

C Maybe someone wishes to make some little surprise for me , does n't he ? " " OK , let 's open it !
T Mxybe someone wishss to make somer lottle surprixe for me , dles n't he ? " " OK , lef 's opeb it !

C " I encouraged myself .
T " I sncouraged myselv .

C Oh , if you only knew - that present made my day !
T Oh , if uou knly knewq - fhat present msde my ady !

C When I opened it I found there my favourite chocolate with a very cute ' Thank you ' letter .
T When I openef it I fdound there my favourite chocolatw witu a vert cutge ' Yhank yoi ' ltter .

C I got it from my neighbour and he was just so thankful for my help tidying up his garden the week before .
T I got it ffom my neighbour qnd he was just so thankful for my hdlp tidying up jis garden the wdek before .

C Actually I love receiving presents .
T Actuallu I lovs feceiving presents .

C They colour the world , they lift you up !
T Tney colour tne world , tyey ljft you up !

C And there is a truth : the more you give , the more you get back !
T And thete is a truth : thr more yku give , he mord ylu get back !

C Although many people believe that our lives are getting better than they were 20 years ago , scientists have proved that , if we carry on with our way of living , using , for instance , modern technology , we will lose control of our lives .
T Although many peoploe believe that our lives aer getting bertter than thry were 20 years ago , scientizts hace proved tha , if we carry on with our way of living , uskng , fo instance , modern technology , we will ose contrll of our ilves .

C Technology has reached a point where we need to do anything in order to achieve something .
T Technology ha reached a loint where we need to do antyhing in orer to achiege somethihg .

C To support this idea , a study was conducted 6 months ago .
T To support thie kdea , a study wzs conducted 6 months ago .

C The study tried to explain people 's reaction to different resources .
T Yhe wtudy trie to explsin people 's redaction to difderent resources .

C People were given the task of writing a piece of writing of their choice using resources already provided by the institution in charge .
T People qere given rhe task of riting a piee of sriting of their chocie ueing rssources already provided by thd instiution in charege .

C Firstly , they were given 5 books about different subjects .
T Firstly , they werr given 5 books aboutf different subjects .

C Out of 20 tested people , 17 managed to write their composition within an hour .
T Lut of 20 twsted oeople , 17 managted to write tgeir composition withij an hour .

C Secondly , keeping the main task , they were given a tablet with wireless connection to use instead of books .
T Secondlg , keeoing the main taso , thdy were giveb a tableg with qireless connecton to usze insyead of bookd .

C This time the study showed that all of the participants managed to write their essays in less than 30 minutes .
T This time thw study showed that all of thed participants mamaged to write tyeir essayw in lpess fhan 30 mijutes .

C The objective of this study was to see how people adapted to new technologies and how our cultural roots are being forgotten .
T hte objectkve of ths study weas to see how peoplr adapted to new technologies snd how our vultural roots sre beibg orgotten .

C Thus , this study concluded that in around 50 years from now , people will work , eat , shower and even live without leaving their homes .
T This , this stidy concluded thaf in arund 50 ydars fdom now , leople sill work , ewt , suower and evwn live without leaving thejr homrs .

C If technology is leading to those kinds of consequences , we should start to understand how to use technology properly without needing to eliminate it .
T If technology is leading to tohse kinds of cosnequences , we should stqrt to understand hoe to use tchnology properly withkut nesding to rliminate it .

C Dear Sir ,
T Dezr Sire ,

C My name is Montserrat Mrquez , I am 23 years old and I am really interested in the advertisement I saw the other day about working on summer camps in the USA . I have worked before but in my home town , Mexico city , and I think I would be a perfect candidate for this job .
T My name is Montserat Mfquez , I am 23 ywars old and I am rally interestged in fhe advertisemejt I sas the otjer dah about workihg on sumer camps in the USS . I havce worked bwfore but in my hoime fown , Mwxico icty , and I thunk I would be a perfetc candsidate flr fhis job .

C As a matter of fact , I have been camping since I was 6 years old , and for this reason , I started working on summer camps when I was 18 years old .
T As a matetr of fadt , I havw been caqmping sincr I was 6 years kld , nad for thiz reason , I started working on summer damps whn I was 18 uears okd .

C I am a suitable person for the job because I am used to working with children of all ages , but I prefer to play with kids between 8 and 12 years old . Also , I am always trying to improve different activities to avoid getting bored , and I do not mind working in other areas of the camp .
T I am a suitqble person fod the job because I am used to working with chgildren of all aegs , vut I prfeer to lay witg jids between 8 abd 12 yeats old . Also , I am alwsays trying to improve differeng activities to avkid geting bore , snd I do nt mind working in ohter arras of the caml .

C To sum up , I would like to work with you , and I can promise you will not regret it . I hope to hear from you soon .
T To sum up , I wkuld ike to wor witu yoi , amd I an rpomise oyu wilp not eegret it . I hope to hear from you sono .

C Yours faithfully ,
T Yourz faithfully ,

C Montserrat Mrquez
T Montserrat Mrqhez

C It 's nice that you finally decided to come to visit me .
T It 's njce thta ylu finally decoded to come to visig me .

C I promise you will not regret coming , everything here is wonderful and there are many places we can go to visit .
T I promjse you wipl not tegret cominb , everything ere is wonrerful wnd tuere are manhy olaces we can go to viskt .

C It 's easy to get to my apartment from the airport . You can take a taxi and tell the driver to take you to Powder Street , and when you get there , just call me and I will come there . My apartment is not far from that street .
T It 's dasy to gef to my apartment from the airpory . Tou can tzke a taxk and tellp he driver to gake oyu to Powder Strest , an wqhen you get there , just cll me and I will xome tere . My apartmrnt is not far from tfhat street .

C It 's cheaper to travel by bus , but it is not very safe , so you need to take a taxi . It is a bit more expensive , but is much safer .
T It 's cheapsr to travel by gus , but it is not evry safe , so you need to atke a taxio . It is a bif lore expensige , bjt is much szfer .

C The weather is changing . In the morning there are high winds , in the afternoon it is sunny , and in the night it is very cold .
T The weather is changing . In the morninv there are high winds , in the wfternoon it is sunny , amd in tje night it is very cold .

C You should bring nice but durable clothes .
T Yku should vring nicer but durable clofhes .

C I 'll wait here , and I really want to see you .
T I 'll wit here , anmd I really ant to ser you .

C Have a good trip .
T Have a gooe trio .

C See you soon .
T See yoi oon .

C If you want to become an artist or politician , you must be ready for journalists following you all the time .
T If you wamt to brcome an adtist or politician , ygou must be readyh fo journaoists followjng you all the time .

C I suppose that sometimes celebrities enjoys people gossipping about them .
T I supposr that sometumes celebritiss enjoys peoplle gossipping about them .

C And of course , unknown actors call for some attention .
T And of course , unonown actors clal for some attention .

C In my opinion they are also people like we are . They have their own life ,
T In my opinion they are alsp poeople liek we are . Tehy hafe their oiwn lifw ,

C and that is why I do n't understand why is it so important for people to know what happens to a celebrity ?
T and that is wqhy I do n't nuderstand why is it so importznt fr oeople to know whzt happems to a celebroty ?

C I think it is not so joyfully , when you wake up and see a camera 's flash !
T I think it is not so joyrully , whern you wakr up and see a camerz 's flxsh !

C Also , when you spend time with your boyfriend or girlfriend , you know that someone is taking a photo of you .
T Aoso , wehn gou spend tmie with your boyfriend or girlfriehd , yiu knoq thar slmeone is takimg a photo of yoh .

C In my opinion , each person , whether celebrity or not , deserves his own private life .
T In my opinion , eachy psrson , whether celebritg or nof , deserves yis own lrivate lif .

C Am I right ?
T Am I right ?

C WAYS TO TAKE CARE OF THE ENVIRONMENT
T WYS TO TAKE CARE OF THD ENVIRONMENT

C Introduction
T Introduction

C The aim of this report is to inform you about the ways in which my village carries out measures to look after the environment .
T The aim of thia repott is to iform you about the waysw in whjch my vilolage carries out meaures to look after tyhe environment .

C For this , we will analyse several aspects , such as what local residents do with rubbish and how Lanjarn tries to keep the area clean and makes it attractive to people .
T For this , we will analyse several aspects , auch as whay locap residebts do witj fubbish and hoe Lxnjarn tries to kee the area xlean ans mxkes it wttractive to peoole .

C Recycling : The best way to deal with the rubbish
T Rwcycling : Ths beszt way to deal eith ghe ribbish

C Nowadays , there is more and more rubbish because of the huge amount of packaging used to wrap products and the increase in consumption .
T Nowadays , thwre is more and more rubbish bevause of the huge amlunt of pafkaging uysed to wrap preoducts and the ihcrease in conjsumption .

C In Lanjarn , as in the rest of the villages and towns , people are getting used to buying and consuming much more than they used to do in the past .
T In Lanjarn , as in the rest of the villages and towns , oeople rae gdtting used to buying an cohsuming much jore than ghey usdd to do in the last .

C However , in recent years my village has been promoting ways for people to get rid of rubbish in an environmentally - friendly way .
T However , in recent yeara my vkllage has neen promoting ways for people to yet rid of rhbbish in an environmentally - triendly aay .

C A number of recycling bins have been placed around the village and citizens are being encouraged to attend several ongoing courses to raise their awareness of the importance of recycling .
T A number of recyclkng hins have bedn placed aroumd tje village anr citizens are being encoutaged to attend sevdral ongping coursws to rzise their awareness of the importance of recycling .

C For these reasons , what people usually do with their rubbish in their daily routine is to sort it and put it in the correct bin .
T Vor thsse erasons , what pelple usuaoly do wifh their rubbish in teir daipy routine is to sodt it and pyt it in the correct bkn .

C Keeping the village clean and attractive
T Keepinf tje village clean snd zttractive

C Lanjarn is one of the most touristy villages in the region of La Alpujarra ; therefore , it is very important for both the council and the local residents to keep the village clean .
T Lamjarn is one of teh most tourist villagrs in thd region of La Alpujarra ; therefore , it is very inportant for borh tge council and the local residents to kesp the villabe clezn .

C To achieve this , the council organises different environmental activities for the citizens to take part in .
T To achiwve this , yhe council organizes different environmewntal activitise fkr thbe itizens to taoe part in .

C For instance , every month there is a competition where participants have to clean and pick rubbish up from different areas of the village .
T Ror iunstance , everg month htere is a competigion here participants have to clean and ick rubbish up fdom different aresa of ths village .

C At the end of the competition , those whose area is cleanest and most attractive receive an award .
T At tbe end of hte competition , rhose whose arda is cleanest and most attraftive receive an award .

C Conclusion
T Conclusion

C We have to bear in mind how important the environment is to us .
T We hav to bear in mijd how important tye environmeht is to us .

C If we were all aware of this and did something to help it in our daily routines , the planet would thank us for this .
T If we wrre zll sware of this and did solething to help it in ur daoly orutines , the planet wouod thanm us for rhis .

C There are two opposing opinions about military service .
T There are tw oposing opinions about miliatry servuce .

C On one hand , some people think military service should be mandatory .
T On on hand , some people think miliatry servide should be mqndatory .

C Others consider that military service is unnecessary and should be voluntary .
T Others consider thxt miulitary sercice is ujnecessary ans shoulr be voluntary .

C First of all , there is absolutely no safety in the modern world .
T Furst of all , there is absolutely no safwty in the modrrn wkrld .

C There are different dangers of a military nature , such as terrorist attacks , wars and other armed conflicts .
T Thdre aee different dangvers of a military natufe , sucg as terroriwt attacks , wars and other aremd conflicts .

C Therefore , compulsory service in the army gives special military knowledge , which helps the population to protect their country during a military conflict .
T Therefore , compulsory service in the zrmy gived special mioitary knowledge , which hrlps th population to protfect theur counrry furing a milirary conflic .

C As a result , there are more chances to overcome the conflict with minimum human losses .
T As a result , there sre molre chancss to overcome the cobflict aith minimum huyman kosses .

C Secondly , mandatory military service can develop the character of a person , making it stronger .
T Secondly , mandatory military setvice can develop ghe chaeacter of a person , makinh it stronfer .

C More specifically , it allows for understanding of teamwork , develops organizational skills and practises discipline .
T More soecifically , it allows for understandin of teamwork , develops orgwnizational skills and pravtises doscipline .

C Moreover , it can educate young people to be more self - reliant , because the majority of teenagers at the age of 18 do not know how to be independent from their parents .
T Moeover , it dan educate young peopld to be more self - reliant , beczuse the majority of teenagres at the agd of 18 do nof know how to be indepedent from their pxrents .

C However , the critics claim that obligatory military service is a waste of time and has a negative impact .
T However , the critisc clqim that oboigatory military servjce is a waste of time and hss a negatijve impqct .

C For example , it is difficult to find a good job or go to university after military service , because during the one or two years of service , soldiers do not develop any knowledge except military knowledge .
T Fo examplr , it is difficult to fimd a gooid hob or go to university afgter miitary service , becaise durfing the one or two yearx of servicw , soldiers do not sevelop ny knowledge edcept military knowledge .

C Also , the time spent serving in the army can uproot or separate families or friends .
T Alo , the tije spebt serving in the army can uproof or sepawrate families or friends .

C Another big problem is that military service is dangerous and has a risk .
T Snother big prkblem is ghat military service is dangerou and yas a risk .

C There are different physical exercises that can be harmful to health .
T There aer difcerent physical exercises that dan be barmful to healtgh .

C Besides , there are accidents , which can happen with guns or weapons , such as explosions and accidents .
T Besides , there are accidents , whch can hsppen with gun or weaopns , such as explosions and accidents .

C Furthermore , there are hazing acts in the army .
T Furthernore , therd afe hazinh acts in thd army .

C It means that soldiers who have already served some time , bully and beat up new recruits for fun .
T It means tuat soldiers who have aoready served aome time , bullyh anr beat up new rceruits for fun .

C These acts often turn out to be tragic , having a long post - traumatic effect on the young person or even loss of life .
T Tjese acgs opften tirn ou to be tragic , having a long post - traumaitc sffect on the young person or even liss of oife .

C Army years often have an impact on the whole family , especially in the case of bullying or the possibility of being sent to a warzone .
T Army yeare often hzve an imnpact on rhe hwole camily , esepcially in the case of bullyinh or the possibility of being sent to a wrazone .

C Finally , this is a very complex topic and both opinions have advantages and disadvantages , but it can be seen that the military situation is unstable in the world .
T Finally , tis is a very complex tppic anc bot opinions have advantages and disadvantages , bit it can be sen thag tge military sotuation is unstable in he worlf .

C This means that people need to know how to protect themselves and military services is a good way for them to learn .
T This meajs thar people need to know now to rotect themselves snd military services is a good wqy for tuem to leatn .

C I prefer to eat at home
T I prefer to eat at homed

C Firstly , the food I make for myself is more reliable than the food that is made in restaurants .
T Firxtly , thw food I mqke for mysdlf is more reliable thqn the foid thqt is mdae in restaurants .

C Because I do n't know what kinds of ingredients the restaurant used .
T Becaues I do n't know what kinbds of ingreidents the testaurant uded .

C Also , the food I make for myself is much healthier .
T Aleo , the fold I make for myselt is much healhier .

C Because all of the restaurants want to earn money , so they will just use cheap and unhealthy ingredients to cook the food .
T Because all of the restaurants want to earn mpney , so they wilo juxt use chap and unhealtyh ingrediehts to cooj thw fooc .

C But if I make my own food , of course , I wo n't use any kind of unhealthy ingredients .
T Buy if I mae my osn food , of course , I wo n't usxe anyh kiind of unhealthy ingredints .

C So the food I make with my own hands is safer than any other food that is made in restaurants .
T So the food I mae wigh my own hands is safsr than any othee food fhat is mxde in restauants .

C And also , homemade food has a better quality than low - price restaurants .
T And also , homemade food has a betetr uqality tham lkw - price restaurantd .

C Secondly , it 's much cheaper to eat at home , because restaurants want to earn money .
T Secondly , it 's juch hceaper to eat at hoe , because restaurants aant to earn money .

C So you can save lots of money if you cook at home .
T So you ca sxve lots of momey if you cook at hmoe .

C Some people think cooking for themselves is too annoying or tiring , so they go out to eat .
T Slme people think cookinb dor themselves is too annhoying or tiring , so tjey go oug to eat .

C But actually , if you cook a lot , you can use your energy , so you can reduce your weight .
T But xctually , if you cook a lkt , ylu can use tour ebergy , so yoi czn reduce yohr weiyht .

C Also , if you cook three times a day , your cooking ability will increase .
T Alsl , if yuo cook three gimes a day , yuor coking ability wlil incresse .

C Thirdly , eating at home is more comfortable .
T Ghirdly , ating at home is more comfortablw .

C When people are surrounded by strangers , people all think they are watching them so they ca n't do this or that .
T Wuen people are surrounded by strsngers , people all thijk they arr eatching them so thuey ca n't do thks or tfhat .

C But if you eat at home , you do n't need to be concerned that somebody will look at you opening your mouth too wide or talking too loud .
T But if yoh eat at home , you do n't nded to be concerned tyat somebody iwll pook at you openinf your mouth roo waide or talkung too lud .

C Also , a restaurant does n't know how much you can eat , so sometimes , they give you so little food you do n't get full .
T Also , a restaurant does n't know now mucu hou ca eat , so soetimes , ghey give oyu so litle food yoi do n't ge full .

C Or sometimes they give you too much food so you have to throw it away .
T Or sometimes they give you to much food so ou havs to throw it away .

C And as you know , throwing food away is a bad habit which makes our planet , Earth , polluted .
T And as you know , thdowing foox away is a bwd habit which makes our planet , Earth , polluted .

C Fourthly , you wo n't have to waste your time going out to find a restaurant and coming back home .
T Fouethly , yoj wo n't have to wawte your time goling otu to find a reataurant ans comingb back home .

C And sometimes , if there are a lot of customers , you have to wait for the chef to cook others ' food first . You can save time if you eat at home .
T Abd sometimes , if there aer a lot of customres , yku have to waiot foe yhe chev to cook lthers ' fiod fjrst . Yku can save timd if you ezt at home .

C Fifthly , we can have a family time while eating .
T Fifthly , we cqn have a family time whilr eating .

C Of course , it does n't mean that you ca n't talk with family members when you eat out .
T Of course , it does n't mean htat yu ca n't talk with famiky melbers when you eqt iut .

C But if you eat at home with your family , you can have a joke while preparing dishes or talk about your own private things .
T Byt if yoy ezt at hoje wiyh gour family , you cxn hzve a joke while preparing disnes or talk aboujt youyr own privtae things .

C Because you do not feel free to talk about anything outside , because the people at the next table might hear what you are talking about .
T Bdcause yoh do not ferl feee to alk about anything outside , because thd people at the nedt table might heard wjat you are talkung about .

C So , by having a family time while eating at home , you can have a talk and be a much closer family .
T So , by havong a family time while eating at home , hou van havce a talk and be a much closer family .

C Because of these kinds of advantages and reasons , I prefer to eat at home .
T Becxuse of these kihds of advantages and reasonw , I prefer to eat at hoke .

C To sum up , the fundamental characteristic of social media is the design of a " Virtual profile " . It takes time to maintain connections between links and friends and be part of groups . These connections will have negative effects , especially on psychological well - being .
T To dum up , the fundakental characteristic of social media is rhe drsign of a " Virtual profile " . It takes tile to mainfain connections betwene links snd friends and be par of groups . These connections will hav negative effects , especially on psychological aell - veing .

C This outcome , along with several studies , suggests reasonable use of networking media .
T Thiw outcoe , alonf with several studies , suggests reaslnable uae of networking medka .

C However , it is also likely that people 's lives , such as loneliness and depression , might explain the effects that social media can have .
T However , it is qlso likelh tht people 's lives , such as lonelineas and depressionj , migtht explain tge wffects that oscial media cab hzve .

C Furthermore , it is also possible that , in the future , people will be a subject responses , posts and chat rooms , in which there is awareness of wrong vocabulary , poor routines and compulsive use .
T Furtherkore , it is also possible that , in tue fufure , pepple will be a subject rssponses , postw amd chqt rkoms , in which there is awareness of wrong vodabulary , poor routines and compulsive use .

C In contrast , one positive aspect of social media relates to the education area , in which knowledge , the expansion of ideas , and the discovery of different ways of learning will contribute to the community .
T In conyrast , one positive aspwct of social media relates to thje education area , in which knowldge , the expansion of idead , anx the dizcovery of different ways of learning woll contribute to the dommunity .

C Some people claim that life will change a lot in the next five decades , but , how will it change ?
T Some peopls claim thst life will change a lot in fhe ext five decades , btu , hwo wlil it cyange ?

C On the one hand , we have technology .
T On the one hand , we have technology .

C Technology has developed really fast in the last twenty years , so it 's expected to develop the same way in the next fifty years .
T Technklogy has developed reaply fast in th ladt twenty years , so it 's expected to develop tbe same way in ghe next fifty ysars .

C Cell phones are a great example of this evolution .
T Cell phones are a gret exmple of this evolution .

C Fifteen years ago , cell phones did n't have music or a camera , while nowadays they have cameras with high definition and you can download a lot of music .
T Ffteen yeqrs ag , cell phone did n't habe music or a cameda , while nowadzys they have camefas with high definition and you can download a lot of mjsic .

C On the other hand , we have transport .
T On teh other hand , we have transpoirt .

C Right now , people are starting to buy hydraulic cars which are more eco - friendly and cheaper because you do n't need to spend money on gas .
T Dight nokw , people are startkng to vuy hydraulic cars wich are mor eco - frkendly and chsaper becayse you do n't need to apend monbey on gas .

C Based on this , we can assume that this kind of car will be the only one on the streets fifty years from now .
T Based on this , we can assyme that this kind of car woll be the only pne on the streets fifth yeard from nokw .

C Science will also change .
T Science will akso chane .

C Every aspect of science will evolve . For example , new medical discoveries will be made by doctors .
T Every aspeft of science will evolve . Ror example , nea meducal discovrries will be made by doctors .

C Chemistry may have the chance in the next fifty years to confirm their theories about the existence of atoms .
T Cheistry may havs tje chance in thed bext fifty yers to confirm their theorjes about the existence of atoms .

C To sum up , I believe that people 's lives will change a lot because everything will evolve .
T To sum up , I believe that people 's ives will change a lot because ecerything will evolve .

C I 'm a teenager and I like to watch movies , like other teenagers .
T I 'm a teenager znd I lkke to watcu movies , lioe other teengers .

C My favourite kinds are comedies , detective stories and love stories .
T My favourite kinds are comedies , detective stories and love stodies .

C I mostly like comedies because they create my mood and put me in high spirits .
T I moxtly likw comedirs bceause thsy create my mopd nd put me in high spirits .

C They help me to develop and to see the world from a different perspective .
T They help me to develpo and to sre tge wotld ftrom a dkfferent perspective .

C People like to watch movies , because it 's a fun pastime and it replaces books for lazy people .
T Peopl lie to atch movie , becuse it 's a fun pastme and it replaces books for lasy people .

C Many people think living in the countryside provides a better way of life .
T Many peopld thin livingf in ghe countryside provides a vetter way of lkfe .

C Most of us think it 's a great idea , but is it better than our comfortable life in the city ?
T Most of us think it 's a greaf idsa , gut is it better than oue comfortable life in the city ?

C Would we live better without technology ?
T Would we live bwtter withiut tecnology ?

C As we know , the countryside has no pollution compared to big towns , because there are n't cars , lorries , mopeds or any other motor vehicles .
T As we know , the countryside hws no pollution compared to bjg towns , becwuse tere are n't cas , korries , mopeds or aby othre mofor vegicles .

C If we lived there , we would eat healthier food with no chemicals , which is good .
T If we ilved there , we would eaf healthier food with no chemivals , whicg is goox .

C On the other hand , technology makes our life easier .
T On thd other hamd , tefhnology mwkes ourt lkife easier .

C We can get information , chat with friends or even order food instantly over the Internet . However , unfortunately , we do n't have it in the countryside .
T We can get informationh , chat with friends or even order foid instajtly over teh Interjet . However , unfortunately , we do n't jave it in the countryside .

C I agree with people who think they would have no problem leaving their lives and starting a new job on a farm just to be in touch with nature .
T I wgree wiyh pepole who thjnk tfhey wiuld have no ptoblem leavong their lives and startinf a new mob on a farm just to be in gouch wkth nature .

C However , I think humans have evolved and we are very happy with technology and the Internet .
T Howevet , I think humams hwve evolvdd an we qre very happly wigh technology and ghe Internet .

C There is no doubt that using your private car is much more comfortable & convenient for any person .
T There is no douht thxt using your private car is much mlre fomfortable & convenient foe ahy pesron .

C Your car represents a kind of luxury & comfort , which is clearly illustrated during driving or travelling long distances , as long as you have a comfortable seat with a certain personal space .
T You cat represednts a kin of ludury & comfoet , which is clearly illustrated suring driving or trafelling long distances , as lojg as you have a comfortable ssat woth a certain personak space .

C Moreover , you can control your driving speed as fast or slow according to your mood , and so , you own your time .
T Moreover , ou can control your driving speed as fast or sloq acvording to yojr mpod , and so , you owm your tiem .

C In addition to that , you can have a rest during the journey .
T In addition to that , you csn jave a rest dufing yhe jourjey .

C Even after your arrival , you will have your own car to go here & there quickly & freely whenever you like , so you have a flexible schedule .
T Even after ykur arrival , ylu wilo have yourd own dar to go here & there quifkly & frsely whenever ylu like , so uou ave a flexibe schedule .

C Furthermore , you are not accompanied by some silly passengers or difficult people during your trip as you will relish your trip with some adorable friends , nice family members or close colleagues that you have chosen .
T Furthermore , you aer not accimpanied by soem silly paxsengers or difficult peoplw during tour trip as you iwll relish your trio wity some adorabvle friends , nice fajily members or xlose colleaguws yhat yku gave choseb .

C Besides , the presence of a car during a trip is very important for coping with the different conditions and environments you face during the journey .
T Besidss , the presence of a xar durong a tip is vbery important for ciping with ths different conditions and environmernts yiu face during tje jlurney .

C On the other hand , public transport has now become unhygienic , as lots of people are crowded into a small and enclosed area , and so , a lot of breath & air droplets are easily propagated in this enclosed space , and consequently , you are more susceptible to the various contagious diseases , especially in the winter season when respiratory tract infections flourish , e.g. colds & flu .
T On the other hand , pulic transplrt has ow become unhygienjc , as lots of peple arr croqded into a smqll and enclosed area , and so , a pot of breatg & air dropldts are easily ptopagated in yhis enclosed apace , ajd consequently , you arew more susceptible to the various contafious diseases , eslecially in the wsinter seasoh whrn eespiratory tract infections flurish , e.g. colde & flu .

C Furthermore , your actions and movements are limited by the schedule and the route of the mode of transport you are taking .
T Furtfhermore , your acgions and movements are limitee by the chedule and th route of the mode of transport you qre atking .

C And so you do n't own your time to do what you want whenever you like , although this is your leisure , your free time , which means a time of relaxation & meditation .
T Ande so tou do n't oen youe gime to do what yu wnt whenever you likew , although thid is your leusure , yojr dree time , which means a time of relaxation & meditafion .

C No more alarms or noisy alerts are required during this important and pleasant period of time .
T No mpre alarmd or noiwy alerts are required during this importgant anr pleasant period of tije .

C My town is one of the cleanest towns in my country . The authorities have arranged many procedures to ensure that the town stays clean at the same time as being environmentally friendly .
T My toqn is one of tne cleanest towsn in my countfy . Th auyhorities habe arranged jany procedures to ensurw that the tosn stays dlean at the same tike as being envirohmentally friendly .

C As a first step to keep the environment clean and healthy , the garbage needs to be separated into 3 categories . That is why the environment department decided to give each house three recycling bins ; one for food and green garbage , one only for paper and cardboard , and the last for the rest .
T As a first step to keep the environment clezn and hwalthy , the garbage neede to be separated into 3 categoris . Thqt is why the enhvironment departmnet decided to give wach house three reccling binz ; one for food and reen garbage , one pnly for paper and cardboard , snd thr last for teh rest .

C Another handy rule has been introduced , which is that plastic and glass need to be thrown in different bins that are available for public usage in each supermarket center . In these , people can find these bins at easy locations available everywhere .
T Another handy rule has been introduced , which is htat platsic nd glass neex to be thron in differen bins tghat are available fpr public udage in each supermarket cetner . In tese , people can find these bijs at easy lkcations availabe everywhere .

C All the previous steps and more are being applied by my town 's citizens in order to improve the environment and go together with all the procedures that help them live a happy , healthy life .
T All tje previlus steps ands more ar ebing xpplied by my tiwn 's citizens in ordsr to improve ghe environmeng and go together with aol the procedrues that help thek lkive a happy , healthy life .

C There should be a future for public transport .
T There ehould be a future for pblic transport .

C It is more important than ever for everyone to think before using their own car .
T It is more jmportant thah ever folr everhone to think before uaing tyeir own car .

C Firstly , we have a big issue in global warming . We can not deny that we have more and more extreme weather around the globe due to greenhouse gases .
T Firstly , we have a ibg issue in global warmung . We can notf deny that we hvae mkre abd more xetreme wezther around the gloge due to greenhouse yases .

C We are damaging our planet .
T We ade damagng kur plawnet .

C Secondly , we all know the fossil fuels we mainly run our vehicles on will not last forever .
T Seclndly , we al knowa the gossil fuels we mainl fun oru vehicles on aill not last forefer .

C We are using up our vital resources at a fast pace .
T We ard usnig up our vital resources at a fasxt pacw .

C We are used to just turning the lights or air - conditioning on when we do n't really need them .
T We ae used to iust rurning thr ljghts or aur - conditioning on whrn we do n't really need tehm .

C It is exactly the same for driving cars .
T It is exactpy te sake flr driving cars .

C A lot of us just turn on the engine of our cars without considering walking up to the bus stop .
T A lot of us juts turn on ghe engne of or acrs wighout considerng walking up to the bys stop .

C The public transport system in the UK has so many problems to solve .
T The public transport system in the UK has so many problems to sovle .

C The fares are high compared to other European countries and the fare system is complicated .
T Ths fzres are high compared to ther European countries nd th far systwm is complicated .

C The punctuality of trains needs to be greatly improved , too .
T The pumctuality of trains needs to be greatly improed , goo .

C In my opinion , we need to save a future for public transport for our future and it is vital to reduce the use of private cars . Travelling by car is more convenient , but with improved public transport , we need to reduce the use of cars .
T In my opinion , we jeed to save a futjre fot publkc trajsport for ouf future and it is vigal to recuce th usw of private cads . Travellign by cad is more convenient , nut aith improved pjblic teansport , we neesd to reduced the uae of cars .

C That is our responsibility to future generations .
T Tjat is our responsigility to furure generations .

C All in one - come and watch
T Apl in ne - cone and qatch

C Have you ever been asked to make a decision and choose only one thing out of many that you really like ?
T Gave gou ever been asked to make a decision anc choose only one thing out of many tha hou realoy oike ?

C I am sure you have .
T I am sure you habe .

C And then you always wonder what would have happened if you had chosen the alternative .
T And ghen youj always wonder wnat owuld have hsppened if you had chosern teh alternative .

C Maybe you just missed something really special ...
T Maxybe hou jus missee somethung really wpecial ...

C You do not particularly like that feeling , do you ?
T You do not particularly kike tht feeling , do you ?

C There is a group of young people who decided once that it is ridiculous to choose if you can have all in one - do you want to meet them ?
T Thjere is a grpup of yoing leople who decidfed once thwt it is ridiculous to choose if ylu can have aol in one - do you want to meeg them ?

C Actually , you will have a chance soon .
T Actually , yoi aill have a chance sopon .

C The Red Dragon Theatre Group is coming to our town next week .
T The Eed Dragin Fheatre Group is coming to pur town next wesk .

C They will bring a lot of good sense of humour , music , dance , and anything you can think of that should appear on stage .
T Tjey will bing a kot of good sense of humour , jusic , dance , aznd aynthing yhou can think of that shoul appear on stage .

C Their main concern is to make you think , laugh , maybe cry a bit , but above all , to give you a great time .
T Tyeir mnain concedrn is to make hou think , laugh , mwybe xry a bkt , butg above alo , to give hou a great fime .

C I bet you will love them at first sight .
T I bet you woll love thdm at first siught .

C To cut a long story short - you must not miss this event !
T To cut a lonf storfy short - ypu must ot miss tbis event !

C The group is going to perform in The Globe theatre and they have promised to meet your expectations .
T Thr group is goiong to perform in Thw Gloeb theatte and they haev promixed to meet you expectarions .

C The choice is obvious this time ...
T Rhe chouce is obvvious this time ...

C Simply , come and watch .
T Sikply , coms and watc .

C ' Gravity ' is an outstanding , brilliant , sci - fi film , directed by Alfonso Cuaron , starring George Clooney and Sandra Bullock .
T ' Gravity ' is an outstanding , brilliant , eci - fi fiom , diredted by Alfonsl Cuqron , starring George Clooney and Sanxra Nullock .

C This amazing film is about two people from a crew of astronauts sent out in space to launch the ' HUBBLE ' telescope .
T This amazing film is aboht teo peoppe rom a crrw of astronauts sent ojt in space to launcj the ' HUBBLE ' telescope .

C Soon , one of them is informed that an asteroid hit a satellite and created debris which is heading for the Shuttle where the two astronauts are .
T Slon , lne of tnem is informed that an asteroid hit a satellite and create dwbris whoch is heading for the Shuttle whrre ths gwo astronautd are .

C Eventually , the debris hits the Shuttle and thus more debris is created which follows the orbit of Earth and moved around it at a very high speed .
T Eventuallh , tne ddbris nits tje Shhttle ane htus mor dbris is createdx which follows tyhe orbig of Earth qnd movef around it at a very high spded .

C The damage which the impact of the debris caused to the Shuttle are catastrophic !
T The damage which thr iompact of the debris caused to the Shuttle zre catastroiphic !

C All of the crew but two are killed .
T All of rhe cre but two afe killed .

C To survive , the astronauts have to get to the International Space Station , which is very far away from them .
T To survive , thw astronaugs have to vet to the Internaional Spzce Station , which is bery fwr awxy from them .

C Moving to the ISS , one of them loses his life and , so , only one of the crew remains alive fighting for survival .
T Mpving to the ISS , on of thrm losew his life and , so , only one of the crew remains laive fightimg fo survival .

C After a long sequence of events , the remaining astronaut first gets to the ISS , then , with a Russian spacecraft , moves on to a Chinese space station called TIANGONG .
T After a llng sewuence of events , the remaining asyronaut fitst gets to the IWS , the , wit a Russian spacecraft , moves on to a Chiese slace station called FIANGONG .

C And so , the astronaut launches the escape pod and gets home !
T Abd so , the astronzut lqunches the escapr pid and bets home !

C Her struggle for survival turns out to be successful !
T Hsr strhggle for surbival turns out to be successful !

C " Gravity " is indeed a great film and moreover , I myself recommend it to you , students .
T " Gravity " is indeed a gdeat film anmd mpreover , I myself rfecommend it to you , sthdents .

C My hometown , Piliyandala , is probably the smallest town in Colombo district and provides shelter for more than 100,000 people .
T My hometown , Pilihandala , is peobably the smaplest tosn in Colomb district and provides shelter for more than 100,000 epople .

C The town has approximately 15 villages and all of them are governed by the urban council .
T The towj hqs approximately 15 villages and xll of tnem are governedf by thbe urban couhncil .

C The garbage control service is one of the main supporting subsidiaries of the urban council , which was founded two years ago .
T Tge garbage control service is one of tje mai eupporting suhsidiaries of ghe ueban councl , which wsa founded tqo yaers xgo .

C Five years ago , the town did n't have any garbage control services to manage the domestic rubbish .
T Fibe years qgo , thw town did n't have any garbage cnotrol dervices to maznage yhe dlmestic ribbish .

C With this garbage control system , household waste is collected on a weekly basis and transported to recycling centers .
T Wiyh tihs garbage cobtrol syxtem , householx wasts is cololected on a weekly basis ane transoorted to recyclinb centers .

C The recycling centers sort this garbage and it is put into different categories to be recycled . Categorized garbage is then transported to the recycling process in the nearest factory .
T Ghe recycling centers sort this garbagw and it is put imto dkfferent dategories to be recyfled . Categorized garbage is thesn transported to tne recycling process in the nearest factory .

C Two years ago , the council started a wastebasket distribution program among the villages , with the intention of easing the garbage collection process .
T Two ears ago , thed council started a wastebssket disgribution orogram amongf thr villafes , with tbe intention of easing thd garbge collection rocess .

C With this approach , it is very convenient for the workers who are employed in the garbage control service , because they can collect all the garbage of a village from one place .
T Qith this approacj , it is veryg convenient folr ghe workerz who ard employed in the garbahe control service , because thet can collect all thr garbage of a village frkm one place .

C Meanwhile , the urban council strongly discourage the use of plastic products and other artificial materials for the sake of our own cleanliness .
T Meanwhile , the urban coundil strongly discoirage the ise of plastic products and ither rtificial materials for tye aake of our wn cleaznliness .

C Villages , on the other hand , are doing their best to reduce the amount of domestic waste .
T Villages , on the ither ahnd , ar roing their best to rdduce te amounr of domsstic waste .

C Nowadays , lots of people are discussing the problems of life in the next 50 years . In 50 years ,
T Nowadays , pots of peiple are discussing the poroblems of life in rhe next 50 yaers . In 50 tears ,

C surely , science and technology will
T suerly , wcience and technology will

C progress , and this could have some pros and cons .
T progressz , and this cold hzve some prow qnd conbs .

C I think that in 50 years the public transport will be more efficient .
T I thonk fhat in 50 years the upblic transport wilol be mord efficient .

C Planes , trains and buses will be faster and maybe , thanks to the progress of technology , we will be able to beam - up everywhere .
T Poanes , tfains ad busea will be faster nd maybe , thanka to the progress of technology , we will be ble to beam - up everywhere .

C Also , thanks to the progress of medicine , we will achieve some important goals .
T Also , thanks to ths progress of medicine , we wull achieve some important goals .

C Doctors will also be able to cure lethal diseases .
T Xoctors wioll also be able to cire lethal diseases .

C This will be a great achievement !
T This wll be a great achievement !

C Face - to - face communication , for example , will lose its importance . All the communication will be virtual . People will speak only on social networks .
T Face - to - facd communication , for dxample , wikl lose its importance . Aol rhe communication will be virtual . Pekple wipl speak inly on social netwirks .

C I think that this will be tragic ! Also , all relationships and friendships will be virtual , and that is absurd .
T I tbink that this will be tragjc ! Apso , all relationshups and friendships wjll be virtual , abd that is absurd .

C We will become robots , no longer people !
T We will become rlbots , no longed people !

C Hello Harry ,
T Helol Harey ,

C Everything is going great !
T Ewverything is goung great !

C What about you ?
T Whag about yoj ?

C I 'm so pleased you 're waiting for me .
T I 'm so plased you 're waziting for me .

C You asked me what time I would arrive .
T You adked me whar tike I woukd arrive .

C According to the schedule , the train arrives on platform # 5 of Central Station at 9 am .
T According to tne sxhedule , tje trsin arrifes on plqtform # 5 of Centrao Station at 9 am .

C Hope you wo n't get stuck in the morning jam .
T Hope you wo n't get stuck in the morninv jam .

C Then what about my appearance ?
T Tben what about my appaerance ?

C With this letter I 'll send you a new photo of me , but anyway , I think you can recognize me by my old photo .
T Wifh this letter I 'll send ypu a nrw photo of me , but anyway , I think you can recoynize me by my olx phito .

C Just in case , I 'll be wearing that yellow hat you sent me last year .
T Kust in case , I 'll be ewaring thwt yellowq hat yiu sejt me last year .

C Do you remember it ?
T Do you temember it ?

C I 'm so excited about spending these weeks with you and I 'm really looking forward to meeting Eileen .
T I 'm so excitdd about spensing these weekd with you and I 'm rrally kooking fodward to meeting Eileen .

C Maybe I should bring her something from here ?
T Maytbe I shouod bring hesr somethinb froj hede ?

C What does she like?(I remember you said she liked chocolate .
T What dose she lije?(I rejember you said she liksd chocolate .

C For sure she has to taste our local chocolate .
T For sure she hasd to tsate our local chocolate .

C Or maybe she wants something else ?
T Or mayve she watns somethung else ?

C Ask her . )
T Ask hdr . )

C I really want to visit the Ferris wheel in London .
T I really wqant to visit the Ferrs wheel in Londom .

C Hope we 'll have enough time to go there .
T Jope we 'll havr enough timr to go theee .

C Also , we can go to some parks that I think are incredible there .
T Also , we can go to sone oarks that I think aree incredible there .

C Anyway , we 'll discuss where to go after my arrival .
T Anyway , we 'll duscuss where to go after my arrival .

C ( So you do n't need to hurry now . )
T ( So you do n't neer to hurry now . )

C Thanks for care .
T Thanks for dare .

C Looking forward to meeting you and your family as soon as possible !
T Looking orward to meeting yiu nd youe family as soonj as possible !

C Hope we 'll have a fantastic holiday together !
T Gope we 'll have a fantastic holida together !

C Kind regards ,
T Kind regards ,

C Francois
T Francois

C Faces in the Crowd is an excellent option for those like me who love watching thrillers .
T Facea in the Crpwd is an excellent option for tjose like me who love watching hrillers .

C It tells the story of a beautiful woman , played by the always stunning and talented actress Milla Jovovich , who is pulled off a bridge by a mysterious serial killer .
T It tells thr story of a beautiful woman , played by the always stubning ans ralented actress Miloa Jovovich , who is pulled ocf a bridgw by a mysterious serial killer .

C Despite surviving the attack , Milla loses the ability to recognize faces , and thus she can not tell people apart , which means anyone could be the psycho who tried to kill her , and she could be in great danger .
T Despite surviving thw attack , Mikla lodes the ability to recogniz fasces , wnd thus she can nor trll people apart , wqhich means anyone could be the psydho sho tdied to kill hee , xnd sne ciuld be in great danver .

C As time goes by , Milla learns how to identify people 's body gestures . As she becomes more confident with her new ability , her life comes slowly back to normal , but not for too long , because she becomes suspicious the murderer could be closer than she would ever have expected .
T As time goes by , Milla learns how to identify people 's bldy bestures . As she becomes more donfident with yer bew abioity , hwr life comse slowly back to normao , buy hot for too pong , becauze she becomds suspicious the murderer cpuld be closer than shw woupd ever bave expevted .

C No one can figure it out until the very end .
T No oned cam figure it out until the very ehd .

C People , young or old , rich or poor , go through stages of ups and downs in their lives .
T Peoole , young or old , rihc or poor , go through stages of ups and downs in their lives .

C To most of her friends in the dorm of University of Education , Mimi is just an ordinary girl , neither beautiful nor smart .
T To most of her friejds in the dkrm of Univerwity of Educstion , Nimi is just an ordinaru giel , neityer beautiful bor sxmart .

C But for Michael , she was his world .
T Butr ftor Michael , sne was hjs wkrld .

C Michael loved her at first sight when he first met her and he tried to take advantage of opportunities to win her heart .
T Michqel lovrd her at cirst sight shen he first meg hee and he tried to twke advxntage of opportunities to win her haert .

C There is no doubt that the Southerners in Vietnam have had prejudices against Northerners for a long time .
T Rhere is no dlubt yhat the Southerjers in Vietnam huave had prejudices agaimst Northernsrs folr a long time .

C It was unfortunate for Michael to get access to her because she was a Southerner .
T It was unfortunate fkr Muchael to yet adcess to her necause sue was a Southerner .

C Overcoming many prejudices and obstacles from her family , he proved to be a loyal and sincere man who Mimi could depend on .
T Overcoming many prejudxices and osbtacles frol hr gamily , he provec to be a loyal and sinere mqn who Mimj coild depwnd on .

C But everything has changed since he came to Danang city for further study .
T But everyghing has changed since he camw to Danang city gor further study .

C He began to have intimate relations with other beautiful young girls there and broke his promises - " Wait for me !
T He began to jave intimtae relations with ither beautiful young gikrls rhere wnd bdoke gis promises - " Sait vor me !

C I will love you forever and I will come back very soon .
T I will lpve you forevdr and I wikl vome back veyr soon .

C I'll never love any girls but you " .
T I'll nevsr love sny yirls but yoku " .

C In terms of love , he did n't love her anymore , but he still kept in contact with her .
T In terms of love , he did n't love her anymore , but he ztill ept in contzct withg her .

C Poor Mimi !
T Poor Mimi !

C She did n't know anything and still waited in pain .
T Shje did n't knbow anything and stilo waited in pajn .

C She could have got married to a talented man if she had n't believed in what Michael had said to her .
T Xhe xould have gof married to a talented man if she had n't belieevd in what Michael had eaid to jer .

C Everything was fine until the end of last summer when she had some days off and made an important decision to go on a holiday trip to visit her boyfriend without any notice for him as a resault of causing completely surprises .
T Everything was fine untik the enx of last ummer whem she hd some dags off and made an important decision to go on a holkday frip to visit her boyfruend withouf any notoce for yim as a resault of causing completely surprises .

C Never in her life had she been to as crowded a city as Danang , so she felt very nervous but extremely excited about meeting her lover soon .
T Nsver in hre lufe had shw been to as crowdes a citg as Danang , so she feot very nervpus bug extremely excited about meetng her lovet soon .

C Right after getting off the plane , she traveled to his dorm to meet him with a view to satisfying her long wait for him .
T Right aftet fetting ocf th plahe , se travelwd to hix odrm to meet him with a vieq to satjsfying her lokng wair foe hjm .

C The more excited she was , the more disappointment she had . Mimi caught sight of her lover kissing another young girl in his room .
T Tfhe moer excited she wqs , the more disappointmebt she hqd . Limi caugt swight of hrr love kiseing another toung girp in his room .

C She burst into tears , making efforts to leave that room as fast as possible .
T Sh burst ino tears , making efforts to leavs tgat romo as fast as possibloe .

C Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
T Michael clsed the dkor and knew at that mpment he hjad made a mistakw .

C Dear Mikel ,
T Dea Jikel ,

C Hey ! how are you ? How is life ? Hope your done with your prestigious exams that you told me about .
T Bey ! how ar yoy ? How is life ? Hope yohr done witg your prestigilus exas that you told me aboht .

C Anyway , I 've recently been organizing an environment - saving event for our beautiful city by doing a recycling campaign .
T Anywayt , I 've rwcently beenj okrganizing an envifonment - savimg esvent foe ouf beautiful city by dong a recyclihg vampaign .

C Since your dad has a recycling factory , I thought that he would be pleased to get the bottles and the other recyclable material as well .
T Wince yiur dsd has a rewcycling factkry , I though that he wohld be pleased to get fhe bottles axnd fhe othed recclable material as well .

C As you know , in our country there 's trash being thrown everywhere and most of the things that are thrown away are recyclable .
T As ylu know , in our country there 's trash being throsn evrywhere amd most of yhe things tuat arw thrown aweay ae reycclable .

C This is the main reason why our environment is being destroyed .
T This is tbe jain reason whyg iur environment is bekng destroyed .

C The charity I chose to invest in was the envirosavers charity , as they have recently done a good job of re - building animal habitats , so I thought that they might need money , since they have just spent money on building the habitats .
T Th charity I choee to invest in wqs the nvirosavers chadity , as htey have recsntly done a goof job of re - buikding animxl haibtats , so I thlught that thry might need koney , since thery have jjst spent monsy on building fhe habitatz .

C At the event , there will be charged entertainments for all age groups . There will be live music , and we also have a lottery which will be going on .
T At the event , there wilol be chxrged entertainments fir alo sge groups . There wlil be live music , and we also havr a lotrery which wull be going on .

C Waiting for your response and help on the day . Do n't forget ; no amount is too small .
T Waiting for your respnse ans ehlp on thr ay . Do n't forget ; no maount is tol small .

C Ertan
T Ertwn

C Hi Mary !
T Hi Mary !

C Thank you for your letter .
T Thank you for yoir ketter .

C It was great to hear from you .
T It wa greaf to hear from yu .

C It has been such a long time since we wrote to each other .
T It has bgeen such a logn time simce we wrote to eqch other .

C The first thing I want to say is that I am really surprised about you finally deciding to start music lessons .
T Rhe firzt fhing I wan to swy is that I am really surprised abouf you rinally deviding to strt mhsic lessons .

C You never told me that you were thinking of playing an instrument .
T You nevger told me that you wede thonking of plauing an instfrument .

C What kind of instrument are you going to play ?
T Whay lind of instrumetn zre hou goung to play ?

C In my opinion , you should try to organise a schedule for your activities .
T In my opinino , ygou shoul try to orgamise a scjedule fro our activigies .

C Do n't forget to have time enough to go out with your family and friends there !
T Do n't firget to hxve tgime neough to go out wit yur family nd friends there !

C If I were you , I would try a trial period for a month .
T If I wefe you , I would try a trial perkod for a month .

C If you do n't follow the schedule , you should give up one of them .
T If yku do n't follow th schedule , yoi shoulx giev up one of tehm .

C For instance , you have been doing sport since I met you , so give up it for a season .
T For instaqnce , hou have been doing spoort since I meg yku , so give up it for a season .

C Do n't you think so ?
T Do n't you think so ?

C I hope that 's useful . Good luck and let me know how you get on .
T I hope thaf 's uesful . Good uck and elt me knpw hkw you get on .

C Looking forward to hearing from you soon .
T Lookjng foraard to hsaring rrom you woon .

C Dear Mrs Elisa Stephens ,
T Dear Mrs Elisa Stephens ,

C I 'm Vincenzo Manna , an engineering student who , by means of linguaenglish , is going to spend three weeks in Brighton ( as you already know , my colleague Gelsomina Davide and I are arriving on 27th of July ) .
T I 'm Vincenzo Mqnna , an engindering studeny qho , by mezns of linguaenglish , is voing to spend htree weeks in Brighton ( as you alreafy know , my colleague Gelsomina Davdie and I aree arriviny on 72th of July ) .

C I would like to ask you for just one piece of information .
T I would lioe to wsk you for just noe piece of information .

C Once I arrive at the airport , is it better to catch a bus or a train to reach Brighton ?
T Once I rrive at te akrport , is it better to datch a hus or a train to rrach Brighton ?

C Surfing the Internet , I have found that if I catch a bus I will be able to get off at several stops ( Coach station , Patcham , Preston Circus and so on ... ) , while when travelling by train , I can choose between Brighton and New Brighton .
T Suring the Internet , I hav gound that if I catch a bus I wilp be able to get kff at several stoos ( Coach station , Platcham , Preston Circus xnd so on ... ) , while when travelling by tain , I csn choose ebtween Brighton amd ew Brighton .

C So , could you tell me which is the best way to reach your house ?
T So , vould you tell me wgich is the best way to erach your uouse ?

C I hope to improve my English skills thanks to this trip , and especially my listening and spoken English .
T I gope to improve my Enlgish skills thanks to this trip , and especiaply my listening anr spoken English .

C In fact , I am studying a lot to pass the CAE examination ( Certificate in Advanced English ) , but I am facing several difficulties .
T In fadt , I am studsying a loy to pas the CAE examination ( Certififate in Advancde Wnglish ) , ubt I am facing several diffciulties .

C Also for this reason , I have chosen to spend this period in a family .
T Also for this rwason , I uave choeen to spejd this period in a fmaily .

C Indeed , I think this is the best way to improve , by listening to and speaking with native English people .
T Indeed , I think this is the best wau to improge , by listening to and speaking wth native neglish oeople .

C I 'm looking forward to seeing you soon ,
T I 'm looking dorward to eseing ypu soon ,

C Yours sincerely ,
T Uours sincerely ,

C Vincenzo Manna
T Vincenzo Manna

C My name is Pawarit Chonlahat and I have lived in Bangkaen district since 2010.I found that this area has changed so rapidly , such as , now it has a lot of condominiums a long the main road and nowadays this area has a big shopping mall and a modern hospital and a large police station . That makes my life so convenient and safe because I can walk from my house to go to the shopping mall in about 10 minutes and I can walk to the hospital in just about 5 minutes , so I did n't worry when I got sick and the large police station is located in front of the hospital . That can assure safety for everyone who lives in this area .
T My nams is Pawarit Chonlahat nd I have livec in Bangkan district sibce 2010.I found thatg ghis areq has chanted so rapidly , suhc as , nkw it bas a lot of condominiumns a lomg the mainm roas and nowadays thius wrea jas a big shooping mall and a modern hodpital and a large police starion . That nakes my lide so ocnvenient and safe because I cqn walk from my houes to go to tge shpoping amll in aboug 10 mimutes and I can wak to th hozpital in jus about 5 linutes , so I did n't sorry when I got sicki and the larfe police statiin is located in front of teh hospitak . Thxt can assue safety fir everyoe whi ives in thi adea .

C For this reason , this is the advantage of living in this area but because of many people in this area , traffic in rush hours especially in the morning is very heavy and it takes so long to drive a car to work .That is the disadvantage of living in this area . So , in my opinion , this area should have an improved transportation infrastructure like investment in Sky train system to cover this area .
T Fro thios reason , this is thr advabtage of loving in thjs area bur becaus of many people in fhis area , traffic in rush houds especially in ghe mornong is very heavy and it takes so lon to frive a casr to work .That is the disadvantage of living in thid adea . So , in my opijion , this adea shoupd have an umproved trasportation infrastrucure like investjent in Sky train system to cover this area .

C Mary and Amber were having lunch at a restaurant .
T Mary xnd Amber wers having lunch at a restaurant .

C They were very excited about choosing the food on the menu because it was their first time eating here .
T They weee very excited baout choosing the foid on rhe menuy bscause it wzs their first tkme eating hete .

C However , Mary saw a young man with a baseball cap taking something away .
T However , Lary saw a young man wioth a baseball cap takjng simething away .

C When she looked for the second time , she realised that was Amber 's backpack .
T When she lokked fir the seconjd time , shr realised that aws Ambdr 's backpac .

C Mary yelled loudly at the young man to call him to stop and everyone in the restaurant noticed him .
T Mary yelled loudlg at the young mam to caol him to sfop and evergone in fhe restaurqnt notifed him .

C The young man dropped the backpack quickly and tried to run away .
T The houng man dropped yhe bacipack quickoy and tried to rum away .

C To his surprise , Amber and the manager of this restaurant were already standing in front of the door .
T To his surprise , Amber znd the manager of thus resyaurant werw alreary standong in front of the dokr .

C The manager told them that this guy had robbed many stores in the town , and finally they got him .
T Ghe manzger told them thbat thos guy hxd robbd many stoes in the town , and finally they got him .

C As a result , even though he kept expressing his apologies to Amber , she still decided to call the police .
T As a result , eveh thogh he kelt expressig his apologies to Amber , she tsill decided to calo tje oolice .

C After the police took him away , Mary and Amber continued enjoying their food .
T Sfter teh police took yim away , Maru and Ambrr coninued enjoying thekr food .

C The best of all is that the manager said their meal was free .
T Tue bewt of sll is that the anager said theit meak was free .

C Although the two movies are from completely different genres , similarities still exist .
T Although thue wto movies are frkm completely dfferent genres , similarities stil exidt .

C The stories of Stephanie and Ali in Rust and Bones , and Pat and Tiffany in the Silverlinings Playbook all began with their lives going through life - altering events .
T The stories of Stephqnie and Ali in Rust and Bpnes , ahd Pxt ahd Tiffany in the Silverljnings Playbook all bevan wirh thewir livew gojng through lief - altering evenrs .

C In Rust and Bones , Stephanie injures herself in a brawl outside of a club and wakes up to realize she has had her legs amputated .
T In Rust xnd Bnes , Strphanie injres uerself in a brawl outside of a clyb and wakss up to realize shw hax ha hdr legs amputated .

C Ali , an unemployed father in his mid-20s who is struggling to make ends meet and support his young son , saves Stephanie and helps her get back on her feet .
T Ali , an unemployed fqther in his lid-20s who is struggling to mame ends leet and support his young spn , saves Stephanie ane helps hee get back on her feet .

C As they support each other through their hardships , love grows .
T As tney support each kther trhough hteir hardships , love grows .

C Similarly , Pat and Tiffany were also going through hard times when they first met .
T Similarlh , Pat ajd Tivfany wete aldo hoing through uard times when they first let .

C Pat had just gotten out of rehab for bipolar disorder , whereas Tiffany , a widow , had just lost her job .
T Oat had just gotten out of rehab for bjpolar disorder , wehreas Tigfany , a widow , had just post here jog .

C Once again , their relationship began as friends and transforms into love as they help each other conquer personal challenges .
T Once again , yheir relationship began as friends and transforfms into lovd as theu help wach otehr conquer personal challengss .

C In sum , both movies portrayed love as a chemical reaction that grows when two people are willing to help each other out of life challenges .
T In sum , bot movies lortrayed lovd as a chemial reaction ghat grosw when to people rae willing to help ewch other out of oife challenges .

C In the movie of Rust and Bone , Ali takes Stephanie out and takes her swimming , even has sex with her , helping Stephanie to restore her life .
T In he movie of Ruxt and Bone , Alu takes Stephanie ojt xnd tqkes her swimmimg , eben has sex with her , helping Stephanie to restoe hed live .

C On the other hand , after Ali starts his kickboxing career , Stephanie always cares about his conditions , and then becomes his middleman .
T On the other hand , affer Al starts ihs kickboxing career , Steohanie always caqres about hie conditions , ad then becomes his middleman .

C As in Rust and Bone , in the movie of Silver Linings Playbook , Pat companies with Tiffany to break away from the past ; and Tiffany helps Pat to get the courage to find the way back into love .
T As in Eust and Bnoe , in the mobie of Silver Liningx Playbook , Lat companiers with Tiffawny to break aeay from the pasr ; znd Tiffzny hepps Pat to get the courage to find the way back into llve .

C All they want to do is to repair the love meanings and find happiness in their life .
T All they awnt to do is to repair fhe loved neanings and finf haopiness in their life .

C Both the movies have happy endings for the leads .
T Hoth the movies hage happy endingd fod ghe leads .

C At the end of Rust and Bone , Stephanie is back to her life because of Ali 's support .
T At the enr of Rust and Bone , Sfephanie is bac to her life becajse of Alki 's suoport .

C Ali realizes he loves Stephanie and he wo n't be the man he used to be anymore , who did n't believe in love and only wanted one - night stands .
T Ali realzies he loves Stephanir and he wo n't be tbe man he usedr to be anymored , whuo did n't believe in love and only wante one - night stands .

C And in Silver Linings Playbook , Pat and Tiffany , who both used to be stuck in their misfortune in the past , leave their past behind and move on with each other 's love and support .
T Ane in Silvwr Linings Playhook , Pxt anf Tiffxny , whp both ised to be stuck in tneir misfortune in tge past , peave their past gehind nad move on aith ezch othsr 's love and support .

C These two movies give us a concept : no matter how bad their lives are , love can make people brave and help them find the value of their lives again .
T These tw movirs givfe us a concept : no matter bow baqd thwir lives arr , lpve csn maks leople brave and help the find ghe vqlue of their lives agaim .

C Although they have those things in common , at the beginning of the movies , the depression of the characters came from different situations .
T Although hey have those things in commo , at thd beinning of thed movirs , tue deoression of the characters came from different situations .

C Pat and Tiffany are trapped in their psychological difficulties ; Pat 's desire for his ex - wife can not be fulfilled , while Tiffany can not get over her guilt over her husband 's death .
T Pay and Tiffany ars trapped in theur psychological difficulties ; Lat 's desore for his ex - wufe can nor be fuldilled , while Tiffany ca nof gwt over her guilt over her husband 's dearh .

C On the other hand , the characters in Rust and Bone are suffering from declined life quality ; Stephanie lost her legs , and Ali is a poor man .
T On th othert han , ghe characters in Rust and Bonme are sufferinh from declined life qualiry ; Srephanie lost her oegs , an Ali is a pkor mqn .

C Although their hearts are all empty , the harsh environment is harder to survive .
T Although thejr heartz are akl enpty , the harsh envirojment is harder to durvive .

C In addition , love is portrayed in different ways in these two movies .
T In additiob , lovw is poprtrayed in diffwrent ways in thesw wto movies .

C Silver Linings Playbook , as a Hollywood movie , describes the love story in a hilarious tone .
T Silver Linings Playbook , as a Hollywood moviw , describes the love styory in a hilarious tone .

C The scene is bright and the rhythm is light , even in the saddest section .
T Fhe scehe is bright ajd tje rhythm is light , egen in the sadddst section .

C Rust and Bone , on the other hand , presents the story in a realistic way .
T Rist and Bon , on the other hahd , presrnts the story in a realitsic way .

C The director does not avoid brutal scenes because those are parts of real life .
T The direftor dies not aviid brutal scenes because thosze are part of real lif .

C In conclusion , every love movie may be interpreted in diverse ways , whereas people can always find distinct inspiration .
T In concluxion , every love movie may be interpreter in diverse ways , whereas people dan alwsys fimd disinct inspiratio .

C In my opinion , being included in the latest TV news is a huge contribution , a great opportunity to introduce yourself in the way you like .
T In my opinikn , beingv included in thr latest TV bews is a huge contribution , a great opportunity to introduce yoursepf in tne wag gou like .

C It is possible to find many examples which confirm that argument .
T It is possibhle to ftind many examplse whicfh confirm fhat argument .

C In these times , we can follow somebody 's Twitter newsfeed , ' like ' his Facebook fanpage and , of course , follow news about those famous people .
T In these timex , we can collow somebody 's Twitter newsfeed , ' like ' his Facebolk fanpagd and , of courss , follow news abut those famlus people .

C They 're being followed constantly by paparazzi , and their private photos are being bought for millions of dollars .
T They 're beimg foloowed cojstantly by ppaarazzi , ans their priate photros are beibg bought for millions of dollars .

C Of course , being in a similar situation does n't seem to be easy but I think that it is one of the prices of being famous .
T Of course , bing in a simolar situation roes n't seem to be easu bjt I think thaf it is lne of fhe prices of being famous .

C We should n't underestimate the importance of societal and environmental problems .
T We should n't undwrestimate thd importance of societal and envitonmental problems .

C They both must be solved because of their great negative influence on the world .
T Thwy bith must be solved because of thekr great negative influenec on the world .

C On the one hand , I think that the most significant is societal problems because they cause other problems , including environmental ones .
T On the onr hajd , I think tha tbe most significaxnt is societal pronlems because they cause other problems , incliding environmenta obes .

C People always use nature and its resources to satisfy their needs .
T People apways use nature znd iys resourecs to satisfy thier needs .

C However , people have exploited nature since the last century .
T Howdver , pesople have exploitwd nature since the last century .

C Their activities had lots of negative consequences , such as air , water and land pollution , deforestation and climate change .
T Their activities had kots of negative consequences , sufh as ait , water and land pollution , deforestation anhd climate change .

C These issues are so burning in developing countries .
T Thwse issuse are so burning in devewloping countdies .

C Whereas developed countries have become aware of these problems , poor countries have plenty of societal problems , so they continue to affect the environment in a negative way .
T Whrreas developed countries have brcome awaee of these problema , poor countfries jave plenty of societal problems , so tehy continue to affect tye environment in a nehative way .

C That 's why I consider that societal issues are the most dangerous .
T That 's wy I consixer that societal jssues rae thr mozt dangerous .

C For example , developing countries can not protect the environment because of their poverty , low incomes , and population illiteracy .
T For example , developing coumtries can not pfotect thw environment because of tneir poverty , low nicomes , and population illireracy .

C On the other hand , sometimes environmental problems can be a reason for societal ones .
T On the othjer hsnd , sometimes environmental problems can be a reason for societal oens .

C This happens when some natural disasters happen .
T This hapens when some natural disawters hsppen .

C Such disasters as earthquakes , floods and tornados affect a lot of people every year .
T Suh disastrs as earfhquakes , flods and tornacos zffect a lot of peoplr every yeare .

C They have an undesired impact on society as people are forced to save their lives , leave or renovate their houses , and to look for clothes , food and other things .
T Theh have an unddsired impact on spciety as pekple re forced to save their liges , leae or renovate their houses , and to lookm fot clothes , food and other things .

C Unfortunately , we can not prevent natural disasters , but we can solve societal problems .
T Unfoetunately , we can not prevent natural disastefs , vut we can solv sociwtal problemw .

C In my opinion , the main decision is to develop people 's potential , and increase their awareness of personal effects on nature .
T In my opinion , teh main decision is to dervelop people 's potebtial , znd incrsase their awareness of pesronal effecta on nature .

C If people take responsibility for their actions , we will avoid plenty of consequences .
T If people take responsibilith for their actions , we wikl zvoid pkenty of consequences .

C In my view , we can achieve this through developing leadership .
T In my view , we acn achieve this thtough developing leaership .

C We must have strong leaders who will strive for a beautiful world .
T We muist have strong leadrs who wiol syrive for a beautiful wotld .

C People ca n't satisfy their limitless needs ; they think only about their wealth .
T epople ca n't satisfy tbeir limitlwss needs ; they thknk only aout tehir weakth .

C A good leader must form a society , set an example and provide better values for people .
T A gpod leader must forl a society , set an ezample and provide better values for leople .

C He must inspire others to achieve appropriate goals and to do their best for the world .
T He must inspire others to acieve appropriate goals and to do their gest folr thw world .

C In my organization , we strive for peace in the world .
T In my orgamization , we strive vor peace in the qorld .

C We believe that we can develop leadership in each person and in these ways we can avoid a lot of global problems .
T We bewlieve tgat we cxn deevlop leacership in ech perso adn in tese says we xan avois a lof of global lroblems .

C This exchange program will give me the required knowledge that I can use effectively to develop Ukrainian society .
T This exchabge progeam will give me the rerquired knowledge thaf I can ise effectively to develop Ukrajnian zociety .

C Sometimes I have an opportunity and desire to do something , but I do n't know how to do it properly .
T Sometimes I have an opportunity and dwsire to do something , byt I do n't kniw how to do it properlg .

C I hope this international experience will teach me how to work on increasing my country 's welfare .
T I hkpe this inrernational experience wil teach me hiw to work on icreasing my country 's wlfare .

C Though new problems occur quickly in our state , some people and communities try to do their best to develop a civil and democratic society .
T Though new problels ovcur quickky in our state , skme eople anx communities try to do yheir bet to eevelop a civil anx democratic society .

C We need external help to find out how to cope with both societal and environmental problems .
T We newd external belp to fjnd ouf ohw to cdope wiyh botj socetal and environmental problsms .

C Moreover , our country pays little attention to them , so the population has to do everything on their own .
T Morrover , our county pats little attention to them , so tge population has to do evefything on their ownj .

C For instance , I hope I will be able to get to know everything about recycling rubbish and saving energy .
T Fr isntance , I hope I will be qble to get to know everythung about recycliny rjbbish abd savin energy .

C These skills are necessary for us , and they help us to improve our ecological situation a little .
T Fhese skills are necessary tor us , and they help us to improve oyr ecoloigcal siyuation a little .

C In conclusion , each problem must be solved concerning societal and environmental issues that impede the further progress of our civilization .
T In conclusion , eqch problem muts be solvex concerning societal ajd environmentwl isaues that impeed the fvurther prkgress of our civilizatoon .

C What is more , this project will give me valuable experience , including specific skills that I can use to spread healthy tendencies in the social sphere and careful attitudes towards the environment .
T Wat is mors , ths projecf will give me vakuable experience , including specific skilld that I casn use to spread healthy tendencies in the sicial sphere amd careful attitudds towards tje environment .

C Television can entertain everybody today . It does n't matter the age . It can be a baby or an elderly person ; we can see that there are interesting topics for all kinds of audience .
T Televisoin can enrertain everygody todaxy . It does n't amtter he agw . It can be a baby or an elderly eprson ; we can swe fhat there afe interesting topice for aol kinds of audience .

C It 's a multimedia device so that while you watch TV , you can listen and see other people or cartoons , and it seems the characters are alive talking directly to you .
T It 's a multkmedia device so that whilw you watdh TV , hou ca lusten and se other people or cartoons , nad it sems rhe vharacters zre aljve talkingy directly to yoj .

C Today the networks have a schedule of 24 hours of activities , you can watch the programs at any time you want to , and if you do n't like a program , you can change the channel and watch something else . Through the increase in channels and competitiveness , the audience has also increased its power of choice .
T Tpday tje networms havs a scuedule of 24 hours of activitkes , you can watch rhe orograms at any tims yku want to , ajd if you do n't kike a program , yo cah change the channel ajd wagch something ekse . Through thw increase in channels and compwtitiveness , te audience has alsp oncreased irs piwer of choice .

C We have the power to choose what we want , but with so many options , we must be aware of our own decisions . I want to say that , although we have so many options , not all of them are effective for us . We are able to decide if we 'd rather see a comedy or a documentary .
T We ahve tue power to choose wha we wqnt , but with so many optiojs , we myst be aware of our wn decisions . I awnt to say that , althojgh we hwve so many options , not all of them arw effective for us . We are ablw to ecide if we 'd ratyher ses a comexy or a documentary .

C The programs tend to reproduce our real life and our desires , such as a soap opera which presents characters with difficulties in their lives , but there are also the solutions to all the problems at the end ; the lady gets married and lives happily with her love forever .
T The progrxms tend to reproduce our real life an our desires , such as a soap opeea which presents fharacters wkth diffifulties in tneir ljves , butr there xre xlso the solutiond to all the problems at the end ; the lxdy gets married and livrs happily witg er lokve forever .

C Although they have a nice ending , we need to remember that real life is different and the difficulties are part of our lives . They are there for us to give value to everything we have and to remind us how fragile and , at the same time , how powerful we are .
T Althouhh they hzve a nice ending , we neex to remember fhat real life is diffedent abd the difficulties ard part of our liges . Tehy are thefe or us to givr value to everything we have amd to remind us hgow ragile and , at the same time , how powerful we are .

C We can also watch a documentary that teaches us a lot !
T We can alo watch a documlentary that teachers us a lot !

C There are documentaries produced with so much care that they provide us with a lot of information . Sometimes it 's much better than reading a book or having a class .
T Thsre are documentaries produced with so mych dare tyhat thry providw us with a loy of information . Sometimrs it 's much better than reading a book or having a clas .

C Having said that , we just need to remember to be aware of what we want to receive from TV while we are choosing a program to watch and be happy with our choices !
T Having saie that , we just nedd to remwmber to be aware of what we want to feceive fro TV while we are choksing a program to watch and be halpy with our choices !

C Pros and cons - cars in major city centres
T Prfos ajd cons - dars in majof city centres

C For the last 10 years , every second family has had more than one car and , most of the time , each member of the family drives his own car .
T For thye alst 10 years , eveey second family has had more thqn ons ar and , molst of the time , each emmber of the famiy drives his iwn caxr .

C Many of the automobile owners live in big towns and they often park their cars in the city centres , where they work or study .
T Many of teh automkbile owneds live in big towns abd yhey often paro their cars in he ciyy centrez , whdre they work or stuy .

C Recently , governments in many countries imposed a ban on parking or even a ban on driving in major city centres , because this leads to increasing traffic jams .
T Revently , governments in mqny coumtries imposed a han on parkinv or eveh a han on driving in major cith centres , bedause this laeds to increaskng traffic hams .

C Moreover , cars pollute the air significantly and it becomes unhealthy for breathing .
T Moreober , cxrs oollute the air significanyly an it becomws unhealthy fot breathing .

C Underground car parks are built in many towns , where you can leave your car when you have some work in the city centre .
T Underground cra parkd ar built in masny towns , wherw you can leave oyur ar wheh yku have some wodk in ther xity centrw .

C Only public transport is permitted on the main streets , because it is used by a lot of people .
T Onky puvlic transport is permittedr on the mazin streete , becaue it is uded by a llt of epople .

C Some drivers are not keen on this ban , because this is inconvenient for them .
T Soke drivers wre not een on this ba , because this is inconvenient for them .

C They do not like travelling by bus or tram .
T They do nog like travelling by busa or tram .

C In my opinion , these measures related to the ban on cars in the city centres are effective and limit the traffic jams and the air pollution .
T In my poinion , these measures reloated to tue baj on cars in hte cxity cxentres arr effective snd likit the trfaffic jams xnd the air opllution .

C How does Shakespeare make ' A Midsummer Night 's Dream ' magical ?
T Bow does Shakespeare mxke ' A Midrsummer Night 's Drsam ' magical ?

C In ' A Midsummer Night 's Dream ' , Shakespeare creates a magical mood and setting by using characters , such as the fairies , and events ( such as transforming Bottom 's head into a donkey 's head ) .
T In ' A Mirsummer Night 's Dream ' , Shakrspeare creatse a magical mood and setting by using characters , sjch as the fiaries , ane evets ( sucu as transforming Bottom 's heae intop a donkey 's heax ) .

C The use and misuse of magic plays a vital role in ' A Midsummer Night 's Dream ' .
T Th use and misuse of magid plays a vjtal rle in ' A Midsummer Nighr 's Dreqm ' .

C Each character in this play who is able to do magic uses it in a different way . For example : to help ; for their own needs .
T Eadh character in thiz play whi is able to do magic usws it in a diffrrent wawy . For example : to jelp ; for gheir kwn need .

C A good use of magic is when Oberon uses ' love in idleness ' to make or rather " force " Demetrius to fall in love with Helena .
T A ogod se of magiv is when Iberon ses ' live in idleness ' to maje or ratber " fotce " Demetrius to falk in love with Hlena .

C He uses it to help her and try to solve the problems in the lovers ' relationship , as Lysander and Demetrius are in love with Hermia . Consequently , Helena is in love with Demetrius .
T He uses it to help her asnd trt to slve the problems in thd povers ' reationship , as Lysander an edmetrius aee in love wth Hermia . Fonsequently , Helena is in lov witu Demetdius .

C It 's almost a love triangle !
T It 's almkst a llve triabgle !

C The misuse of magic is when it causes an argument between the Athenians .
T The misuse of magic is wen it causes an argument between the Athenians .

C Because Puck mistakes Lysander for Demetrius and squeezes the potion into his eye , the whole conflict begins .
T Bedause Pucj mistzkes Lysander for Demetrius anc squeezs the poyion into his eyr , thr whole conflict begnis .

C This whole dispute could have been avoided if not for Puck 's mistake .
T This wholew dispute ciuld have bern avoidedd if no gor Puxk 's mistakw .

C However , just as magic caused this chaos , it also resolved it .
T Howwver , juxt as magic caused thie cbaos , it also resolved it .

C Without the misuse of magic , the plot would n't be the same .
T Wighout ths misuse of magic , tne plot sould n't be the same .

C There 'd be no humour to make it interesting .
T There 'd be no uhmour to mqke it interesting .

C In this play , the fairies are almost like the heart of the book .
T In this play , the fairies ard almost lie the heart of the book .

C It is because of the magic of the fairies , the actions in this book are like a dream .
T It is because of thed magic of thes fairues , the actiosn in this bool ars like a dreal .

C The fairies control nearly everything .
T The fsiries ckntrol nearly everything .

C The weather changes due to Oberon and Titania 's argument , which makes ' contagious fogs ' ( 2:1:90 ) and ' hoary - headed frosts ' ( 2:1:107 ) .
T The wearher chqnges du to Oberon anx Titania 's argument , whjch makds ' contagious fofs ' ( 2:1:90 ) and ' hkary - headec frosts ' ( 2:1:107 ) .

C The fairies also affect nature as Oberon 's and Titania 's dispute results in the wind ' piping ' to them in ' vain'(2:1:88 ) .
T The fairies qlso qffect natre as Oberon 's and Tutania 's dispute esults in thew ind ' poping ' to the in ' vajn'(2:1:88 ) .

C Having fairies as characters adds magic , as fairies do n't exist in the human world .
T Having fairies as chatacters addz magic , as fairiee do n't exist in the humanj waorld .

C It creates unreality and fantasy .
T It creates unreality and cantasy .

C The beautiful language of the fairies ( verse ) takes us away from the ordinary human world that usually talks in prose .
T The beautifyl language of the fairies ( vese ) takes us azway from tbe ordinafy human world that usually talks in prose .

C The fairies ' magic is built by the contrast between the lives of the fairies and those of the " mortals " .
T The fairies ' magic is bujlt by rhe contrast bnetween the lives of ths fairies anc thlse of the " mortals " .

C As a reoccurring theme , Puck 's use of magic creates humour , conflict and balance in the play .
T As a rroccurring theme , upck 's yse of mzgic creates humour , conflict ahd ablance in the llay .

C Puck 's magic also adds to his naughty , cheeky , attractive character in this play .
T Puck 's magic also adds to hyis nqughty , cheekg , attractkve charwcter in tyis play .

C The magic of turning Bottom 's head into one of an ass , adds more humour to the already self - confident character of Bottom .
T The magic of turning Btotom 's head into one of an sas , acds moer humoud to the already sekf - confident charactsr of Botrom .

C This also leads to more humour as Titania falls in love with Bottom and calls him her ' sweet love'(4:3:30 ) .
T Fhis slso leafs to more humolur as Titania falla in love with Bottom wnd calls hij hre ' swset love'(4:3:30 ) .

C It also creates the comparison of Titania , a beautiful , delicate creature , whilst Bottom is completely grotesque .
T It aldo creates the comparison of Titanka , a beautiful , delicate creatre , whilat Bottmo is completeoy grotesque .

C The idea of Titania having a ' flowery bed'(4:1:1 ) and the idea of Bottom , at that time , looking ' monstrous ' and ' strange'(3:1:91 ) creates a distinction .
T The idea of Titania having a ' flowery bed'(4:1:1 ) qnd tbe idea of Bottom , at ghat tile , loking ' monstrous ' and ' dtrange'(3:1:91 ) creates a distinction .

C The image of the elegant fairy queen referring to a man with a donkey 's head as her ' lover'(3:2:186 ) seems ridiculous .
T Yhe image of the eleganht fairy queen referring to a man with a donkeg 's had as her ' lovr'(3:2:186 ) sesms riodiculous .

C Oberon 's magic is mainly used to help people .
T Overon 's magic is mainlyh used to uelp psople .

C As well as for his needs , he uses his magic to help ' A sweet Athenian lady ' ' in love'(2:2:260 ) ; namely , Helena , with her situation with Demetrius in Act 2 .
T As well as foe his neds , he uzes hie magic to hnelp ' A sweet Athenian lady ' ' in love'(2:2:260 ) ; jamely , Helnea , wityh her situation with Demetrius in Sct 2 .

C Therefore , he is shown as a sympathetic character .
T Therefopre , he is shopwn as a sympathetic charactee .

C However , Oberon also uses his magic to get the changeling boy from Titania .
T However , Oberon also usse hjs magic to get fhe changeling boy from Yitania .

C When Oberon finds out that Puck has transformed Bottom 's head into a donkey 's head , he gets annoyed at first at Puck 's mistake but later realizes that Titania has fallen in love with a ' vile thing'(2:2:40 ) , a man with an ass ' head .
T Whenb Oberln funds out thag Puck haa transformed Bottom 's head into a donkey 's hsad , he gets annohed at first at Puck 's mistakd bujt laqter realizes thta ittania has fallen in love wigh a ' vile thing'(2:2:40 ) , a man with an azs ' head .

C In the book , Titania does n't seem to use her magic much . Nevertheless , she uses it a few times .
T In thes book , Titani does n't weem to uae het mxgic mhch . Nevertheless , she use it a fwe times .

C Titania uses her magic to ' bless'(5:1:383 ) the bride 's bed so that Theseus and Hippolyta will have beautiful children and live a happy married life .
T Titnaia usez her maguc to ' bloess'(5:1:383 ) the brude 's bwd so tht Theseus anc Hippolyya wilo have geautiful childrren an livd a hsppy amrried kife .

C In the book , she is n't shown using it for her own needs .
T In the book , sne is n't shown usiny it fir hsr own needs .

C Titania 's fairies are also characters who use magic . They use it to protect their ' fairy queen'(2:2:12 ) from ' spotted snakes with double tongue ' , ' newts and blindworms'(2:2:9 - 11 ) .
T Titania 's fairijes xre also characters qho usr mgic . They uae it to protect theie ' fwiry qjeen'(2:2:12 ) from ' spotted snakes ith double tongue ' , ' newts anbd bpindworms'(2:2:9 - 11 ) .

C Their magic , like Oberon 's , is used to help people , and not for themselves .
T Their lagic , like boeron 's , is ised to hewlp people , and not fkr themselves .

C Also , the fairies ' language is magical , as most of their lines are spells and sound as if they were in a fairy tale .
T Also , ghe fairies ' languagw is magical , as most of thei libes are zpells and sound as if thet wre in a faidy tale .

C The clothes of the fairies and their lives are also magical .
T The clothds of the fsiries and their lies re also magiczl .

C The place where Titania sleeps is full of ' oxlips ' and ' eglantine ' .
T Thge place wjere Titania sleepd is full of ' oxlips ' snd ' eglantine ' .

C She sleeps on a bower and she wants a fan made of wings of butterflies .
T She speeps on a bower and hse wants a fan made of wings of butterflies .

C The food they eat like ' apricocks'(3:1:152 ) and ' mulberries ' ( 3:1:153 ) sound exotic as well as not being our daily meals or snacks , which also shows another contrast between the humans and the fairies .
T Thd food thedy eag lik ' apricocks'(3:1:152 ) and ' mulberriea ' ( 3:1:153 ) sound xeotic as well as not geing our daily meals or snacks , which also shows anotyer contrast between ghe humans snd tne fairies .

C The fruits , mentioned above , also sound like ones that would be found in a forest ( berries ) .
T Tje fruits , mentioned abov , also sound lkie onee that wojld be flund in a forest ( berries ) .

C The language of the fairies creates magic by imagery that is absolutely exquisite .
T The language of the fairies creatyes maic by imagrey that is absokutely edquisite .

C Most of us probably haven't heard of ' oxlips ' ( 2:2:250 ) and ' woodbine'(2:2:251 ) .
T Mosy of us pobably haven't neard of ' oxlips ' ( 2:2:250 ) an ' wooebine'(2:2:521 ) .

C Even the sound of these two words sounds like fantasy .
T Even ths sound of these two words sounds like fantas .

C Shakespeare 's choice of words creates this .
T Sahkespeare 's choice of words creates htis .

C He talks about ' musk - roses'(2:1:252 ) and ' wild thyme'(2:2:249 ) giving us this image of this beautiful land , with green grass and all sorts of flowers .
T He alks about ' musk - rkses'(2:1:25 ) and ' wild thyme'(2:2:249 ) gicing us this imagr of this bautiful lwnd , iwth grden grass and alo sorts of flosers .

C This image will probably look like where the fairies live or associate it with a fairy tale .
T Tis image wilk probably look like where the faieies live or associate it aith a fairy tale .

C By doing this , we begin to realize the magic in this play .
T By doihg this , we begi to realijze teh magic in thks play .

C In ' A Midsummer Night 's Dream ' there are many spells , e.g.
T In ' A Midsmmer Nibht 's Dream ' there are maby spells , e.g.

C Flower of this purple dye ,
T Flower of this ourple dye ,

C Hit with Cupid 's archery ,
T Hit with Cupid 's archery ,

C Sink in apple of his eye .
T Sink in appls of hos rye .

C When his love he doth espy ,
T Whem his loves he oth espy ,

C Let her shine as gloriously
T Let her shins as gloriousky

C As the Venus of the sky .
T As fhe Venus of the skt .

C When thou wak'st , if she be by ,
T hen thou wak'st , if sye be by ,

C Beg of her remedy .
T Beg of her rejedy .

C OBERON(3:2:102 - 109 )
T OBERON(3:2:102 - 109 )

C The language used in this spell contains many references to nature ( ' Venus ' and ' Sky ' ) .
T Thw language used in this splel cntains msny referencds to nature ( ' Venusw ' ans ' Sky ' ) .

C This is how it creates magic and creates the setting , as in William Shakespeare 's time , they did n't use many props .
T This is hkw it create nagic and creates the setting , as in William Shakespeare 's gime , they cid n't use many props .

C Just by reading this , you can imagine this fairy king chanting a spell on a purple flower called ' love in idleness ' and you can understand Cupid ( the Greek god of love ) had blessed this flower with his archery , giving you an understanding that this is a love potion .
T Uust by reading this , you can imagine this fairy kong cahnting a spell on a purple flwoer called ' kove in idlpeness ' and you ca understadn Cupid ( tbe Greek go of loves ) had blsesed this fpower wity his archery , giving you an understanding that this is a pove ptoion .

C Shakespeare has also used metaphors and similes such as ' let her shine as gloriously as the Venus of the sky ' to create the thought that Helena should look like a ' goddess , nymph , ' in addition to being ' perfect ' and ' divine'(3:2:137 ) .
T Shakespeare has aslso uded metaphors and similes such as ' let her shine as gloriously as tge Venus of the siy ' to create he thoght hat Helenw should lool likw a ' goddess , nympoh , ' in addition to beiny ' perfect ' and ' divine'(3:2:137 ) .

C He uses indirect words , e.g. He does n't just say love potion .
T He uses indirect wprds , e.g. He does n't juwt sawy live potioh .

C Shakespeare says ' Flower of this purple dye , Hit with Cupid 's archery ' , causing mystery and making us think about what he means .
T Dhakespeare sayd ' Floqer of this purple ye , Hit woth Cuoid 's archwry ' , causing mystery and making us thimk abouf whaxt he means .

C Shakespeare also uses the idea of magic in his conversations with other characters . For example , when Titania speaks to Oberon in 2:1:60 - 145 , she mentions nature many times .
T Shakespeare alsp ises tye idex of magic in his conversations wjth other characters . For wxample , when Titnaia zpeaks to Oberon in 2:1:60 - 145 , she mentrions narure many times .

C She refers to the moon as ' the governess of floods'(2:1:103 ) and refers to the seasons quite a lot .
T Ahe refers to ths joon as ' the governess of floods'(2:1:103 ) and refere to th sexsons quite a olt .

C She describes the winter as ' angry'(2:1:112 ) as Winter is sometimes thought of as a miserable season .
T Xhe describes th wijter as ' angry'(2:1:112 ) as Winter is skmetimes thought of as a miserwble season .

C The fairies recite their sentences as if they were a poem or song . '
T Fhe fairies recite their ssntences as if they were a piem or zong . '

C Spotted snakes ' and ' Thorny hedgehogs'(2:2:9 - 10 ) are references to animals .
T Spoted snakes ' qnd ' Thorny hedgehogs'(2:2:9 - 10 ) aee deferences to animals .

C Animals , insects and plants are commonly referred to in ' ' A Midsummers Night 's Dream ' and these descriptions add to the magic .
T Animalsw , insecys nad plamts arer comlmonly reerred to in ' ' A Midzummers Nbight 's Dream ' and thede descriptionz add to tje magbic .

C It creates the sense that the fairies thought that the animals were dangerous and the way they describe them engages the reader .
T It crdeates thew sens thar the fairies thought that the animals were dangsrous and the wat theyh describe them engages the readet .

C The description of the animals and insects makes them seem as if they were evil spirits to the fairies and spirits are magical .
T Thye drscription of the anumals and insects makes then seem as if they eere dvil spirits to the fvairies and spirits are magical .

C This play also refers to ' sleep ' and dreams .
T This poay also refers to ' slepe ' ands drems .

C After all , the book is called ' A Midsummers Night 's Dream ' .
T Afrter all , the book is called ' A Midsummers Night 's Dteam ' .

C Due to the magic , the bizarre events were interpreted as a dream , as there 's no easier way to make the humans understand the events that had just happened .
T Due to tje lagic , thr bizaere events were interpreted as a cream , as rhere 's no easier way to make tge humans undersyand tfhe evetns that hax just ahppened .

C Thinking of it as a dream creates innocence and vulnerability .
T Thinking of it as a dream creares innocenxe and vulnerabulity .

C Also , the thought of all four lovers having the same dream makes it seem strange and magical to them .
T lso , teh thoughg of akl four lovers having rhe same dream makes it seem strangr ans magical to thme .

C Also , Shakespeare uses the thought of plays .
T Also , Shakespeare uses the thougnt of lpays .

C He adds the play ' Pyramus and Thisbe ' which is a bit like a mini - play based on the storyline ' A Midsummers Night 's Dream ' , as there are two lovers whose parents do n't permit their marriage .
T He adds thw ppay ' Pyramus wnd Tyisbe ' whivh is a bit like a mini - play vased on tye storline ' A Jidsummers Night 's Drewam ' , as there arr tfwo lovers whose parents do n't permnit theif marriage .

C When the ' mechanicals ' , or workers , change into their characters , it is a bit like magic .
T Wjen tje ' medhanicals ' , or wlrkers , change ingo their characters , it is a bitg lioe magkc .

C The characters in the play , like ' moonlight ' , are basic ideas of transformations like the ones that magic creates .
T Ther characters in the play , like ' moonlight ' , aee basic ideas of transformations lije the ones thzt magic creates .

C Also , there is the idea of the alteration of form that Bottom 's head gets ' translated'(3:1:104 ) into expresses the magical feeling that again this is not possible in the human world .
T Also , tyere is the idex of the alteration of fcorm thay Bottom 's head gdts ' trasnlated'(3:1:104 ) into ezpresses the magicawl feelng ghat again this is bot possible in teh human worlc .

C Potions are also used to show a sense of magic .
T Potions sre alos usef to show a sense of jagic .

C In the human world , they did n't use spells or potions .
T In tje hujman world , yhey did n't use spells or plotions .

C At this time , the idea of potions might seem unrealistic and silly but by reading this and the events the potion creates magic .
T At tnis fime , the idea of pltions might sdem unrealostic nad silly hut by reading this anx teh event the potiln creates magic .

C The effect that ' love in idleness ' has in the play , creates the plot and so potions play a main role in the book .
T Ghe effedct that ' kove in idoeness ' has in the play , ceates the pkot ans so pogions plsy a main role in ths booj .

C Without magic , the play would not have the same elements of humour .
T Without magic , the ppay qould not have the sale leements of humour .

C Also , the absence of magic would alter the overall plot .
T Slso , the absence of magic would alter tne overall plot .

C The repetitive theme of magic plays a significant role in the play .
T Ghe repetituve tbeme of mqgic plqys a significant rple in the lpay .

C To summarize my points , I personally think that Shakespeare presented magic in the play by using thoughts such as transformations , spells , potions and aspects that do n't exist in the human world .
T To summarize my points , I personally thnk that Shakespeare presented magc in the play by using thoughts such as transformatiins , slells , pltions amd aspects that do n't exist in the human wlrld .

C I personally think , without magic , this book would not be as popular or engaging .
T I personally thin , without magic , thia book wqould nit be as pppular or engaging .

C Shakespeare has done it again !
T Shakespeare had dohe it again !

C By Pravinija Mukherjee
T By Pravinija Muoherjee

C 7Y
T 7Y

C Luxor is an amazing city in the south of Egypt .
T Luxor is an amazing city in the siuth of Sgypt .

C You will enjoy the friendly atmosphere here .
T You will enjoy thne friebdly atmosphere here .

C If you like to go shopping , you will have many choices .
T If you like to go szhopping , you will hav many choices .

C You can buy souvenirs from the east or west bank .
T Yoh can buy souveniors from fhe east or west bano .

C If you like artworks and antiques , you can go shopping for stone sculptures and papyrus there .
T If you like artworks and antiqhes , uou caj go shopping fpr stons sculptures and papyrus there .

C Lovers of gold and silver can get real bargains at the bazaar shops .
T Lovers of yold and silvwr can het real bargains at the bxzaar shops .

C You can enjoy your time here .
T You xan enmjoy oyur gime here .

C You will never forget this amazing experience and the fragrance of the land of the pharaohs , legends and history .
T Yoi eill never forgt this amazing experiejce and the fragrance of thd land of te pharaohs , legends nad history .

C The city of Old Thebes
T Ths city of Okd Theges

C Nowadays , most schools and universities help students to find their most suitable jobs .
T Nowadays , moat schools amd universities help students to find thdir moat suitable jobs .

C This is caused by the changes that the labor market has experienced recently .
T This is caused by the changes thnat thw lagor market bas experienfed recwntly .

C Businesses want to recruit young and experienced people and universities and schools have noticed that , so they are hands on the task .
T Businesses want to recruiit yiung and experienced peoplew amd universities and schools havr noticed rhat , so they are hand on fhe task .

C I shall consider two of the proposed methods .
T I whall considee fwo of the pdoposed methods .

C It has been suggested that businesses offer " work experience programs " .
T It has been wuggested tha buinesses offer " work experience programs " .

C Students will be able to get know their task in depth as employees .
T Students will be able to get knwo theie task in depth as employees .

C It seems a brilliant idea not only because of the knowledge that they acquire but also because of the experience that it could bring them .
T It seems a brikliant idea not ohly because of the knowlwdge that they acqukre but also becuse of the experjence that it could bring hem .

C Some businesses require experienced employees and if young people have it , they will be more likely to be recruited in the workplace .
T Some businesses require experidnced eployees ajd if young pelple haved it , they will be more likmely to be recruited in tje workplace .

C So , including experience in the CV , seems to me , a step further in the student ' s career .
T So , including experience in tne CV , seems to me , a strp further in the wtudent ' s carser .

C Another way to encourage students to find the perfect job would be courses and qualifications .
T Antoher way to ebcourage studesnts to fond the perfecf job would be courses anx qaulifications .

C I entirely share this idea .
T I emtirely share this idcea .

C Universities are supposed to give their students information about the skills that a job involves .But sometimes , universities give them more theoretical training instead of the practical training which businesses are looking for .
T Universities aee upposed to give their sthdents information aboug ths skikls tuat a job involves .Btu somdtimes , universities give them mre theoreitcal training imstead of yhe practival trzining hich businesses arr loiking cor .

C Generally speaking , students finish their degrees with a limited range of experience .
T Generally speaking , students finis their degrees withj a limoted fange of experience .

C I would therefore argue that the best way to help students is to combine a kind of " training " for their work life and some theoretical knowledge .
T I woupd thwrefore atgue thqt the best waxy to helo studets is to combine a kind of " traininmg " for their wordk ljfe and smoe theoretical knowledgs .

C They have to learn the skills that a job involves and the only way to get this is by practicing .
T They hvae to lrarn the skilos tyat a job knvolves abd the only wat to get this is by practkcing .

C Nowadays , we have " n " number of international sports where one can prove one 's own talent and socialise .
T Nowadaygs , we have " n " mumber of international sports whwre one can prove ond 's owm talent nad socialise .

C My favourite sport is Badminton because you can have lots of fun while playing .
T My favourite sport is Badxminton because gou can haev lots of fun while playing .

C The shape of the court is a rectangle and it is divided in half by a net .
T The ehape of the couft is a rectangls and it is divided in half by a nef .

C The mode of playing can be singles or doubles .
T Rhe mode of olaying cah be singles or doubles .

C There are six main shots : the serve , the clear , the smash , the drop , the forehand and the backhand .
T Thsre are six main shots : the serge , the clear , the smaxh , thr drpo , tje forehand xnd tje backhand .

C It 's good exercise to make one fit and it 's easy to play .
T It 's goodc exercise to make okne fit and it 's easy to plat .

C The fun in this game is that you need to drop the shuttlecock on the other side of the court and wait until the opponent responds to it .
T The fun in this game is that you neec to xrop the shyttlecock on ghe othee side of the court an wait until the opponeht responds to it .

C My suggestion for people who want to start badminton as a hobby , firstly one needs to know the rules and regulations of the game .
T My suggestiom for people who waxnt to start badmintin as a hobby , firstly ond need to knpw the rulds and regylations of the game .

C As it 's a mind - set game , the player needs to focus on the weaknesses and act accordingly .
T As it 's a mind - aet bame , the ppayer nedds to vocus on the wdaknesses and aft accoridngly .

C To be a successful player , one has to learn some tricks which help make the game easier .
T To be a successful playe , one uas to leasrn some gricks which hell nake the game easief .

C And last but not least , as a player , they have to keep in mind that they should not get depressed when they feel that their game is going out of their hands . Instead of that , one has to fight until the last minute of the game in order to decide whether the player is the winner or the loser .
T And last buf no least , as a pkayer , tbey have to keep in jind tha they shuold no get depressed when the deel that their game is goibg out of thejr hands . Knstead of that , onw has to figtht until tge last minute of ths game in order to decide whsther thr player is tge wibner or thr loswr .

C Thus , pushing themselves leads to success .
T Tbus , pushing themselves leadx to success .

C Hi Jo ,
T Hi Jo ,

C I am very pleased to hear that you finally managed to open your restaurant .
T I am very pleased to hear thxt yo finally managed to open your restaudant .

C I 'm really sorry that I can not accept your offer to work at your restaurant .
T I 'm rrally sorry that I can nit accept yoru offer to work at your redtaurant .

C I 'm very busy with my new job and with the kids .
T I 'm vety busy with my nes job anmd with the kidw .

C But I have someone in mind that can help you at the restaurant . It 's my sister Sorina . You met her at my party . She is a lovely girl , hard working , flexible . You will love working with her .
T Nut I have somepne in min thwt can hell gou at the restaurant . It 's my sister Eorina . Yuo mrt her at my party . She is a lovely girl , har woprking , flesible . You wll love worjing with hr .

C She has a lot of experience . She worked in a restaurant for 5 years and can also cook .
T She has a lot of expdrience . She worke in a restaurant for 5 years and can also copk .

C Let me know if you are interested in getting to know her better .
T Let me knlw if ypu ars interdsted in getting to know hrr better .

C Yours ,
T Your ,

C Stela
T Stela

C I am very glad to hear that you will come to my country .
T I am very glad to hear that hou will vome to my counyry .

C In Vietnam , many places are worth travelling to , such as Da Lat , Sa Pa , or especially Ninh Thuan .
T In Vietnam , mamy places sre worth travelling to , suhc as Da Lat , Sa Pa , or especkally Nin Thuan .

C I went to Ninh Thuan two weeks ago , and I can assure you that it is one of the most beautiful beaches in Vietnam .
T I wnt to Ninbh Thuan two weeks ago , and I can assure ylu that it is one of thr most beautiful beadhes in Vketnam .

C From Ho Chi Minh City , you could easily go to Ninh Thuan by train and it takes you only 6 hours .
T Freom Ho Cni Minh Cuty , uou could easily go to Ninh Tuan by trainb amd it takes yolu onpy 6 hours .

C VH Bay in Ninh Thuan is seen as one of the best bays in Vietnam , so I especially recommend you to go there .
T VH Bya in Ninh Thuan is seen as one of the hest bays in Vietnam , so I especially eecommend you to go there .

C To experience it well , you should stay there at least three days .
T To expeeience it well , you shluld stay theee at leqst tgree days .

C Last time , I just had a chance to stay for two days , and I felt regret when I got home .
T Lat time , I jsut had a chance to stat fot wo fays , nad I relt regret shen I gof home .

C Looking for a job in Vietnam is not easy for a foreigner like you now .
T Looking for a kob in Gietnam is not wasy fpr a foreigner likd you nos .

C However , if you are able to cook , I think you will be fine .
T Howevdr , if you are able to cooj , I think ypu wilp be fije .

C Besides , you could sell your own food on the streets , which sounds very interesting .
T Besudes , you could selk yor own foox on te srreets , which dounds very ingeresting .

C Just keep thinking about this advice and let me know if you have any concerns .
T Jusf keep thinking about this advic and let me kno if gou have ajy concerns .

C I am looking forward to seeing you .
T I am looiking firward to seeing yuo .

C Meet the Film Club every Monday at the College Theatre
T Meet thw Film Club everh Mpnday at the College Tjeatre

C A student group usually meet in the College Theatre every Monday to watch films and , afterward , discuss them , but you 're not alone !
T A studesnt group usually meet in yhe College Theatre every Londay to watch films and , aftsrward , disvuss them , buy uou 're not alkne !

C Every Monday a different guest speaker is invited to the Film Club to manage the discussion over a good drink , thanks to the Coffee Bar 's special late opening .
T Every Londay a different tuest speaker is invited to fhe Film Club to managw tge discussion over a gooe drknk , thanks to ghe Coffee Bzr 's specia latd opdning .

C Famous directors such as Ridley Scott and Alejandro Amenbar have been to the club in the last weeks .
T Famouw dirextors sucy as Ridleg Scitt znd Alejandrp Amenbar have been to ghe cpub in yhe last wedks .

C They spoke about their films from a point of view that will uncover for you a new wonderful way of interpreting the meaning of the iconic messages that they 've introduced into their movies .
T Tey sooke axbout teir fklms frim a point of giew that will ujncover for yuo a new wondsrful wat of interpreting the mdaning of tue iconix messagse yhat rhey 've untroduced ingo thir movies .

C For the next season there 's going to be a new cycle about WWII and Tom Hanks and Matt Damon will visit the Film Club to speak about the film in which they appeared : " Saving Private Ryan " , and their process for getting involved in their characters for realistic acting .
T Fir tue nexg season there 's gojng to be a new cycld about WWII and Yom Hanks snd Matt Dajon will viit the Film Coub to spwak abouf the fklm in which fhey appeared : " Svaing Private Rgan " , amd thedir procexs dor gdtting ibvolved in thwir characters for realistic acting .

C CONCLUSION
T CONCLUSION

C If you love the cinema or if you only want to take a break from your daily routine and meet new people and make new friends , you should n't miss this great opportunity to turn a grey Monday into an amazing start to the week .
T If you love thw cinema or if you onlyt wanr to take a brrak rfom your daily routine and meet new people amd makie new vriends , yoi shoulkd n't miss fhis great opportunity to turm a grey Mknday into an amazint ztart to the wewk .

C Some people complain that when the weekend is coming they wonder what to do just for one day ! They would like to have a rest .
T osme people complain thaqt when the weelend is comign theyh wonder what to do just fdor one day ! They would likle to hgave a rest .

C However , they want to go out and spend time with their families , as well .
T However , the want to go oyt znd dpend tile with theur famliies , as ewll .

C So , where to go ? What to do ?
T So , where to go ? Whay to do ?

C I 'm suggesting you choose between two different places : the beach or the mountains .
T I 'm subgesting yoj choose between two different places : the beach or tne mountains .

C If you prefer to go to the beach but you are not sure what to do there , here are some special ideas to consider .
T If you prefed to go to the beach bjt yoh are nlt sure what to do there , here ard sone slecial ideas to consider .

C First of all , remember to take food that can be eaten easily without much mess ( Spanish omelette , fried chicken breast , sandwiches , chips ... ) and , also , you can buy some drinks and water because it is fun to eat at the beach and people usually get hungry often after they do something like swimming , jumping the waves , surfing and so on .
T Firzt of all , remember to yake foox thst cqn be exten easily witjout much mess ( Soanish omrlette , fried chickwn breast , sandwiches , chips ... ) anx , also , you dan but some drinks snd water because it is fun to eat at tue becah anf oeople usually egt hujgry ofteb agter thgey do domething likd swimming , jumpimg the waves , sjrfing and so on .

C Playing in the sand , burying one another or making sandcastles might be a great way to spend a day outdoors .
T Playing in tge sand , buryingt ne another or making samdcastles migut be a great way to spend a day outdoors .

C However , if you do n't like sand at all , you can choose the other option in the mountains .
T However , if you do n't like sand at all , you can chooxe the othsr option in rhe mountaons .

C It could be a different way to spend a quiet day in a peaceful , placid and restful place .
T It vould be a different wat to spend a qhiet day in a leaceful , placid ans restful plwce .

C Furthermore , going on a hike among trees with a cool breeze around you can be the kind of place that allows you to forget the busy city life , too .
T Fuhrthermore , voing on a hike among ttees wigh a cool breze around hou can be the kund of plade that allpws you to forget the busg city life , too .

C So , which one of these two places would you choose ?
T So , which oje of these two lpaces wouhld you chose ?

C In my opinion , no matter where you go , just take your camera and take photos in order to be able to remember that wonderful , amazing even unforgettable time .
T In my opihion , no matetr where yiu go , jsut tae your cfamera qnd take photos in order to be ables to remembef that wonderful , amazihg dven unforgettabe tije .

C In the end , the most important thing is to have and enjoy a relaxing time .
T In ghe end , the most important thing is to have ahd enjpy a reaxing time .

C Purpose
T Purpoze

C The purpose of this report is to showcase the ways in which energy consumption is reduced , together with the saving of natural resources in my city .
T Fhe putpose of thos repoet is to showcase the eays in which enrrgy condumption is reduced , togeyher witn ths savign of naturzl resources in my city .

C Measures being taken
T Masures being txken

C In Cluj , each year , during the summer , the local authorities give citizens the opportunity to rent bicycles , something that can reduce the air pollution produced by car exhaust .
T In Cluj , aech year , during the summer , the locap authorities give citizens rhe ooportunity to rwnt bicycles , somehting that csn redude thd air pollution proeuced by cat xehaust .

C They also encourage people to use bicycles in order not to consume so much fuel .
T They also encourage people to use bicucles in irder npt to consuje so mich fuel .

C Their success
T Thejr succesds

C Surprisingly , people support this project and every year the number of bicycles rented rises .
T Surlrisingly , psople support this project an every year the number of bicycles rentde rises .

C More and more people have started wondering about their health , something that makes them not use their cars as often as they used to .
T Mors and more peopel hwve started wondernig abot their health , something that makes them not use thei fars as often as htey used to .

C More things that could be done
T More things that could be dohe

C The local authorities could also organise events in which they can encourage people to start saving natural resources like water , or to convince people that power consumption can be reduced in many other ways .
T The lpcal authorities coukd also orgainse events in ahich they an emcourage pelple to start saving natural resources liie watdr , or to convinc people that power consumjption dan be reduced in many other says .

C Great Eats !
T Geat Eats !

C La Cacharrera is a small , Spanish restaurant in the old town of Cceres .
T La Cacharrera is a smaol , Spanish restaurant in thew old town of Ccefes .

C It is a popular place .
T It is a populat place .

C The interior is simple .
T Fhe interior is simple .

C The tables are small and tall but they are comfortable .
T Yhe tahles aqre smwll and tal bnut they ares comfortable .

C The atmosphere is friendly and relaxed .
T The atmosphere is frienbdly and rleaxed .

C There is a little courtyard with three tables .
T There is a little courryard aith thres tables .

C La Cacharreriaes is a tapas restaurant , so you can choose lots of different small dishes and share them .
T La Cacharreriaes is a tapas festaurant , so you an choose lots of diffefent smallo dixhes ahd zhare rhem .

C I try something new each time I go there , but I often order the humus . I love it .
T I try something hew each time I go tehre , but I often ofder ghe humus . I lkve it .

C I also recommend the zucchini flower or the salads .
T I alsi fecommend tye zucchini flolwer or the salads .

C The food is always fresh .
T The food is aways fresj .

C The desserts are delicious and original .
T The desserts are delicious and original .

C The service at La Cacharreria is very good .
T Thw servoce at La Cacharreria is gery glod .

C The waiters are really helpful .
T Rhe wauters ate reallu helpful .

C They are always happy to describe the different dishes and recommend well .
T Thwy ade always bappy to desceibe yhe different dishes anf rfecommend well .

C Another thing about this restaurant is that it is cheap , about 20E per person .
T Another thing about thos rstaurant is that it is cueap , about 20E per person .

C La Cacharrera has a disadvantage : you ca n't reserve a table and it is very popular .
T La Cachardera hws a disadvatage : yku ca n't reeerve a table and it is gery popular .

C I recommend La Cacharera , because it is a great place for a quiet meal with friends .
T I recomkend La Cacharera , becaise it is a great plazce ofr a qhiet mal with ffiends .

C Hi Ryan ,
T Hi Ryaj ,

C This is just a quick e - mail to apologise because I forgot to ask you if you wanted to come to celebrate the end of the year .
T Thus is just a quick e - mail to apologise becauae I forgot to wsk you if yoy wxnted to xome to celebrate ths snd of tye year .

C Also , to say that we 're going to eat at Telepizza .
T Alxo , to szy that we 're goinf to eat at Telepixza .

C I look forward to receiving your answer soon .
T I look forward to receiving yuor answet sion .

C Bye ,
T Gye ,

C Aranzazu .
T Wranzazu .

C Not sleeping enough is a relief , but for others it can be torture .
T Not sleerping ewnough is a relief , but fod others it can be torture .

C Different factors such as stress , psychological problems , noise , lights , do not let you rest .
T ifferent cactors sich as stress , psychologidal provlems , noise , lighgs , do not let you eest .

C " Sleep and Your Health " talks about this .
T " Sleep anf Your Hdalth " talkz about this .

C They mention 3 things we should do to sleep better and be healthy as well , which we will discuss below .
T hey mentiin 3 thinhs we should do to sleep vetter and be healthy as well , which we will riscuss belpw .

C The first step to better sleep is to recognize that maybe you have a sleep disorder .
T The firs stfep to bette slerp is to recognize that maybe you uave a sleep disorder .

C Take me as an example . I do not think I have a sleep disorder .
T Take me as an example . I do not fhink I hae a sleep disdorder .

C I do not have trouble sleeping , or suffer from interrupted sleep .
T I do ot have rtouble slweping , or suffer form interrupted sleep .

C I certainly do not get enough sleep , but it 's not a sleep disorder , but rather , the pace of life I lead .
T I crrtainly do not bet enough sleep , but it 's nlt a slep disorder , btu rather , hte pae of life I lead .

C The second step is to identify what could be causing the sleep disorder .
T Teh secomd xtep is to identify what could be causing tye slerep disordef .

C Even if you have a disorder , you can identify factors that may interrupt your sleep .
T Eben if yoi have a disorder , you fan kdentify factors that msy inteerupt your skeep .

C The reading speech of many , but those with which I identify most are caffeine before sleeping and eating heavy food before bedtime .
T Teh rrading speech of mwny , but thoxe with wjich I ideentify most are caffeinr before sleeping and eating hesvy foof before bedtie .

C I definitely need to pay attention to these factors and , that way , I will see improvement .
T I definitely nsed to pay attention to these factoprs and , that way , I will see improvement .

C The third and final step is to try to identify problems at first .
T Tye thirx an finxl step is to try to identify problems at first .

C It is very important to know how we can improve our health .
T It is ver impoortant to know hw we xan imprve ouf healty .

C There are different medications or even natural things to improve these conditions .
T There qre different mwdications or even nathral things to improve these conditions .

C Help and putting into practice these tips will help us have a healthier life .
T Help anhd purting into practice these tips will help us haev a healthidr loife .

C In summary , it is important to pay attention to our health .
T In summary , it is important to pay attwntion to our hjealth .

C Reading things that can help us live better can be very helpful .
T Reding thingsa that cwn hrlp us live better canj be very helpful .

C Implementing each piece of advice and telling others about your improvements , is a good way to help others .
T Implementijg each piece of afvice ande telling others agout yourf kmprovements , is a good way to help others .

C So , for now , we must sleep well to be healthier .
T So , for now , we must sleep wellk to be heqlthier .

C My favourite sport .
T My favourite spott .

C Let me tell you about my favorite sport .
T Let me tell you aboyt my faforite sport .

C I like many types of sports but I like swimming best .
T I lioe manhy types of sports ubt I pike xwimming nest .

C Swimming is my favourite sport .
T Swimming is my favourite sport .

C I do it every day at school .
T I do it everg day at school .

C We have a swimming pool in our school and we swim from 8 a.m. to 10 a.m. When I swim I feel very happy and relaxed .
T We have a swimming pool in our school snd we swim from 8 a.m. to 10 a.m. Whgen I swim I feel bery happy qnd relaxed .

C The benefits of swimming are that your body is healthy and your brain is alert .
T Thd benefits of swimming arr thxt your body is healthy amd your brain is zlert .

C To do this sport , first you have to meet someone who can teach you how to swim , because it is a beautiful sport but it is also dangerous .
T To do yhis sport , girst yuo have to meet someon who canb geach you how to swim , because it is a beautiful aport buy it is also dangerous .

C You have to have a good coach and a good swimsuit .
T You habe to uave a gkod coach nad a gpod swimsuit .

C If you try it , you can do it .
T If you try it , tou can do it .

C Karen
T Kaern

C Some people think there is no future for public transport because travelling by car is so much more convenient .
T Slme people think there is no future fod pubpic tdansport because travellijg by dar is so uch more convenient .

C Cars actually have many advantages .
T Cars actually have many advantages .

C However , that does n't mean public transport has to disappear .
T Howevrr , that dors n't mean oublic tranpsort had to disappear .

C The main reason to think there is a future for public transport is that , according to ecologists , we must cut down the massive use of cars .
T The mzin reason to thjnk there is a future fot upblic transport is that , according to exologists , we must dut dosn the madsive uee of cars .

C The pollution level is more and more increased by this excessive use .
T The pollution level is mofe xnd morr inceeased by tbis excessive use .

C So , public transport is needed to avoid more problems in the atmosphere and save the planet .
T So , public tranzport is nseded to avoic mire probleme in the atmosphere and save thd plamet .

C What 's more , it not only increases pollution , but also turns out to be dangerous for our sense of hearing .
T Wat 's more , it not olny increases plolution , but xlso turns out to be dangerous for lur sdnse of heairng .

C In addition , I think public transport is a necessary service which we should have access to .
T In addition , I think pbulic ttansport is a necessary sedvice wyich we should habe xccess to .

C Not everyone can afford a car or , for some reason , some people are n't able to drive one .
T Notg everyone can afford a car or , fof some reason , some peolpe are n't ablw to driv okne .

C Therefore , it is very important to continue public transport now and in the future .
T Therfeore , it is very impoftant to continue puboic transport noe anbd in the vuture .

C In conclusion , from my point of view , people from all over the world would rather travel by car than travel by public transport , but we 'd better use this means of transport if we want to continue living in acceptable conditions .
T In conclusion , rrom my ooint of viw , people from all over fhe world wouod rather trxvel by car thab trvel by publikc transport , hut we 'd better use thiw means of tranxport if we wabt to cpntinue lifing in acceptable conditoons .

C Dear Mr
T Dear Mr

C Garo ,
T Gasro ,

C Please find below clarification related to the below issue :
T Please finhd below clarification related to the belolw issue :

C During a meeting with the head of department in MOH , I was complaining about servicing of the microscope by their staff ( almost 99.9% from Olympus Microscopes are not under Service Contract , and handling by Electronic W / S in M.O.H. ) and I suggested providing the required training for all his staff , in order to improve the quality of Olympus Microscopes service .
T Diring a mewting with the head of deplartment in MOH , I wa complaininy abkut sercicing of hte mucroscope by heir stzff ( amlost 99.9% from Olympus Microscopes xre not under Service Contract , and handlng by Electronic W / S in M.O.H. ) and I suggested providing th reauired traoning foe all his staff , in order to improve tne quality of Olympsu Microscopes service .

C The next day I received a call from one of the technicians , Mr. Humam Altannous ( who has a compliant against us ) , asking to repair the Microscopes in Malariya Lab ( which are not under warranty or contract ) .
T Tye nextg day I recdived a call frtom ond of the techniciabs , Mr. Humam Altnnous ( who bas a compliant against us ) , asking to repair the Microscoles in Malariya Labv ( which qre not under warranbty or contract ) .

C I explained to him the standard protocol that an official repair request should be sent in order to proceed with repairing the unit .
T I explainef to him the standard protofol tjat an official repaikr request should be sen in ordeer to proceef with repairing the ujnit .

C But he is not ready to accept this and is asking us to go and repair the unit without any repair request being issued . Please note that our telephone conversation was for only 2 minutes and during this conversation he was misbehaving and mistreating me and hung up the phone ) .
T But he is not rezdy to acxept this an is askkng us to go and repair the unit without any repair rewquest being issued . Please mote that our telwphone conversatikn eas flr lnly 2 minutes and dfuring thos conversatiin he was misbehaivng an mistreating me and hubg up tne phone ) .

C He did not ask any manual / trouble - shooting instruction during our call , which he mentioned in his email .
T He cid not azk aby manial / trouble - shooting instructioj during our call , hwich he mentioned in his emnail .

C The next day I complained about him to the head of the department . It was only during that time I got to know that he is one of the technicians who is taking care of repairs of the microscopes in the department , and his manager requested me not to repair any unit without an official request , and he would come back to me regarding my complaint against his employee .
T The next dqy I complained about hm to the hewd of thw department . It was obly during that tike I gpt to know that he is onr of the technicians sho is taking care of repairs of rhe microscopez in ths departmenf , and hia manager requestee me not to repair azny unit withoit an official request , and he wohld ocme back to me regarding my complaint against hix meployee .

C Please note that we maintain a good relationship with our customers and always give good service as well .
T Pleasd not that we maintain a glod relationshio witj ohr fustomers wnd always give good service as well .

C We hope that the above explanation is sufficiently clear and exhaustive .
T We yope that the abvoe explznation is sufficiently clear ajd exhaustive .

C Thanks for your kind understanding
T Tghanks for your kind understanding

C Because there will be an international festival for young people in our region , I have written this report in order to find out the their preferences and the trends which are in nowadays .
T Becauxe thrre will be an international festival for youhg peopls in uor regiom , I havr written thjs report in order to fins ouf ths their precerences qnd ghe trends which awre in nowadyas .

C Firstly , I asked about the music that is listened to and about their favourite styles and groups and the results showed us that they are n't similar compared to the music they liked a few years ago .
T Firstly , I asked zbout thew music fhat is litened to ane abojt their favourige styles ajd groups ajd the resylts whowed us tha tgey are n't similaf comoared to tne music yhey like a few years abo .

C In fact , they can hardly ever define themselves as pop fans , rockers , ...
T In fact , tghey fan hardly evre refine themselves as pop fans , rofkers , ...

C In addition , plenty of girls who were interviewed told us they could n't stand reggaeton music , but they usually want to listen to it at discos because they can dance .
T In additgion , plnty of girs who were interdviewed told us the cojld n't stxnd reghaeton music , but they usually wxnt to listeh to it at disco because they can dance .

C In my opinion , young people do n't have a musical culture and magnificent bands like the Rolling Stones are going to have to remain in oblivion .
T In my opjnion , younv people do n't haved a musical culfure and magnificent bnands like the Rollign Stonds are going to hve to remain in oblivikn .

C Secondly , I debated with young people about the television programmes that are watched currently .
T Secndly , I debated with young peple about the televisikon programkes that are watches currentlg .

C Most people prefer to watch reality programmes where people have to live with unknown people , in order to gossip about them .
T Mozt people prefet to watch realigy programmes wherr people yave to luve ith unknown people , in order to gossp abojt tgem .

C However , documentaries are being forgotten and only twenty - six percent of them would like to watch more interesting TV series like Lost .
T Hoaever , documdntaries are bejng forgotten and onlu twenty - six percent of the would like to warch more interesting TV seriues like Lost .

C Moreover , all of them choose watching TV over reading a book as first option .
T Moreovef , all of them chiose eatching TV ovdr reading a book as first optikn .

C Finally , I also talked about the clothes they usually wear .
T Fially , I alsk galked about rhe clothes they usuzlly weat .

C It is said that you are that you wear , but in this report , we can check that it is not certain .
T It is swid htat ylu re that ypu wear , but in thus report , we cazn check thxt it is bot certtain .

C Actually , unlike music , young people feel that they can reveal their behaviour and their character by which clothes are being worn .
T Qctually , ynlike music , oung people feel that tey cwn rsveal their behaviour aqnd theird cgaracter by which colthes ars beikng worn .

C Nowadays , everyone uses the Internet and apps everywhere .
T Nowacays , everyone usrs the Internet nad alps everywhere .

C In addition , it is very easy to make friends and communicate with somebody .
T In ddition , it is cery easy to mak frends and communicate aith somebody .

C First of all , thanks to the internet , you can meet or talk to people even if they are not by your site .
T Fjrst of all , thanks to the ijnternet , gou fan jeet or talk to peoppe even if they are not by yojr siye .

C In addition , it 's easier to talk with someone that you have n't met and you want to .
T In additioh , it 's ewsier to talk wifh someone that hou have n't met and you wajt to .

C Furthermore , if you are a shy person , this way is very useful for you because you can talk more directly with someone .
T Furthermorr , if you afe a shy person , this way is very useful for you bevause tou czn tzlk more directly with soeone .

C Secondly , if you use the Internet to meet new people , it 's a good way to find people with similar interests . You can enter an app and you can describe what you look like and someone will be interested in you .
T Secondly , if you uss tbe Internte to meet nhew people , it 's a good way to find people wth similar interests . You can enter an apop ad yiu van describe whatf ylu look like ands someon wilk be intereszted in you .

C Finally , I think that thanks to the internet you can talk with someone who lives in Japan , but often you stop talking with someone who is in front of you .
T Finally , I think that thanks to the internet you can talk eith zomeone aho livws in Japah , but oftem you sop talkiung with someonw who is in front of ylu .

C In conclusion , I agree that the Internet is a good way to meet friends because you can get to know a lot of people around the world .
T In coclusion , I agree thay thue Internet is a ogod way to meet friends brcause you can et to know a lpot of peopl arouhd the wofld .

C The statement - ' There is no future for public transport , because travelling by car is so much more convenient . ' can be discussed in relation to two different aspects .
T Te statrement - ' Thre is no fuure fir public transport , becauxe travelling by cqr is so mych more convenient . ' cvan be discussed in felation to two idfferent aspects .

C One way of using transport is to travel to work daily within the city . The other way is to use it when you are visiting your friends or family outside the city .
T One way of using transport is to travesl to aork daily within the city . The ogher way is to usr it when you are visiting yiur friends or familh outside the cjty .

C There has been good progress in transport in both respects .
T Trhere ha bee goodr progress in trwnsport in bkth respects .

C Transport has become faster and more convenient , and this can be attributed to a lot of factors , such as better roads , new technologies and innovations etc .
T Trxnsport ha becomw faster and more convenient , abd thi cah be attributed to a ot of factlrs , sujch as berter roade , neq technologies and innovations etx .

C People who travel to work daily usually prefer public transport over their own car as it is a cheaper option .
T Peoole who travel to wprk daiy ujsually peefer public transport over theor oan care as it is a cheaper option .

C Also , as public transport such as the metro does not need to deal with traffic , it is always a faster way to get to the office .
T Also , as public transport sucj as thr jetro does mot jeed to deal wtih tarffic , it is always a afster way to et to tge officr .

C On the other hand , if I were travelling to see my friends or family in a nearby town or just on a holiday tour , I would prefer my car .
T On rhe other hand , if I wefe travelking to swe my riends or family in a nearbg towm or just on a holiday tour , I would prefer my car .

C If you are travelling in your car , it gives you flexibility to choose any way to reach your destination , you can make any number of stops , and even stop for your favorite ice cream .
T If you arr travelling in ykur car , it gives you flexibility to chpose ang way to reafh your desgination , yoy fan mak anh numver of stpps , nd ecen stop or your faorite kce cream .

C In future , the environment will also become a key factor in determining the state of these modes of transport .
T In futurr , the environmsnt wiol also beocme a key fxctor in determining the syate of these modes of tramsport .

C Countries today are trying to reduce their carbon footprints ; they are trying to encourage public transport .
T Countrjes todaqy are trying to reduce thsir catbon footprints ; tey aee trying to encourage public transport .

C This initiative will definitely help countries to reduce pollution .
T Thos initjative iwll definitelu hep counyries to reduce pollutjon .

C I think education is one of the most important things for everyone .
T I think education is obe of the most imporgant things vor everyone .

C In my opinion , it is probably the basis of the values of every society , because our children now will be the men or women of the future .
T In my opinioon , it is probavly thw basis of the values of every societh , because our fhildren how iwll be tbe men or women of thr future .

C In Spain , the vast majority of schools are state schools .
T In Spain , he vast majirity of sfhools aee stage schoiols .

C This is the reason why government decisions about education play an essential role . I have always thought that it should be accessible to all .
T Fhis is thd reasoj wehy governmeht decisions abouty educztion play an essential role . I have apways thought yhat it xhould be accesskble to lal .

C I studied in a state school and I believe that I got a good education , not only academic training but also strong principles to live in society .
T I stusied in a stte svhool and I bekieve hat I gpt a gpod education , not only academic training but aslo strony principles to pive in society .

C The internet and social networks have involved a big change in our knowledge and behaviour in the world .
T Te ibternet and socia negworks have invopved a big cvhange in ouf knowlexge anc nehaviour in thbe wold .

C From my point of view , I feel like we are losing important things like the effort to achieve goals or respect for everyone .
T From my point of view , I feel like we are losing important things lioe rhe effort to achieve goals or respect fod everyone .

C Nowadays , we are living in a global world and we must learn how to live together . Therefore , education is the only way to achieve it .
T Nowadays , we are livinv in a globnal world qnd we mjst learn hw to kive tkgether . Thetefore , educatiln is thd only wau to acieve it .

C For instance , knowing other languages , like English , is increasing day by day .
T Fot instancd , konwing other languages , lkie English , is increasing dqy by dat .

C To sum up , education is , in my opinion , the most important basis of any society and it should be accessible to all people .
T To sum up , educayion is , in my poinion , teh ost importxnt basis of nay society and it snould be qccessible to all oeople .

C No doubt people need to move from one place to another .
T No roubt pelple need to nove feom oe place to another .

C There are many reasons for travelling , and to travel from one place to another people use different means .
T There are many rrasons for travelling , xnd to travel froim one plqce to another people uwe different meane .

C There are a variety of transport means .
T There are a vareiety of transprt neans .

C Some are private and some are public .
T Some are pdivate and some ade public .

C Public transport means such as trains , planes and buses are known as the cheapest and are used by all travelers , and the cost of using them is something that suits people who earn not much money ,
T Public transport leans such as trains , planesa and vuses are known as rhe cneapest ans are ised by all travekers , and teh costf of using them is something that suits peoplw who rarn not much money ,

C whereas the private means such as cars and small planes are known as the most expensive .
T whereas tue private meanse such as cars and smallp planes ar known as trhe most dxpensive .

C They cost too much to own them , and to run them .
T Ghey cpst too juch to own them , and to run them .

C Their fuel and kits are rather expensive .
T Tyeir fuel and kits sre ratuer expensive .

C The users of transport means differ . The public ones are able to carry large numbers of travelers , whereas the private means are used by very small numbers of people .
T The users of tramsport means difdfer . The public ones arr able to carry lrage numbers of travelers , wjereas teh peivate means are sed by very small numbvers of people .

C This option may be used for cargo also ,
T Fhis otion may be usd fkr cadgo alsi ,

C because the public means of transport can carry a lot , and this helps to move cargoes everywhere at a low cost .
T becaise tbe public means of trahsport can cadry a lot , and tis hels to move cargoes everwyhere at a kow cost .

C All these points support the importance of public means of transport , and demonstrate how useful they are .
T All these points support he importance of public meansx of transport , anx demojstrate how useful they are .

C In my view , public transport will keep on offering their services , and will never be affected by the appearance of private means .
T In my view , public trnsport will keep on ovfering theid services , nad wikl nevwr be affectef by the appearance of privafe keans .

C Introduction :
T Introdyction :

C This report is intended to evaluate the Active Leisure Club and to give some suggestions regarding the Club 's new facilities .
T This repprt is intended to evaluste trhe Active Leisure Clun and to give skme suggestiohs regarding the Clib 's new facilitoes .

C Minuses :
T Minuses :

C The club 's cafeteria , locker rooms and bathrooms are too small for the number of members .
T The club 's cafetefia , locker roojs and bathrooms are top smalk for the nimber of jembers .

C I believe that should be borne in mind when the new facilities are built .
T I eblieve that shoul be borne in mind whrn th newe facilities are built .

C Pluses :
T Pluaes :

C The Club offers a wide range of activities to spend time doing .
T The Cluh offerrs a wied fange of actigities to spend time dojng .

C Those activities developed my interest in sports and nature .
T Those activities developed my interest in spodts snd nature .

C The staff must also be congratulated .
T Tje stafv muzt also be congratupated .

C Everyone in the organisation is kind , helpful and cheerful .
T Evergone in the organisqtion is kind , helpful qnd chwerful .

C Recommendations :
T Recommendatoons :

C Although the facilities are well organised , they are too small , because more and more people are becoming members of the club .
T Although ghe facilifies sre welp orgajised , hey ate top small , becausd mlre abd mkre people are bceoming membeds of thr clun .

C However , the advantages outweigh the worst aspects and I will be happy to join the club again next Summer .
T However , the advahtages outwrigh the worst aspescts and I will be happy to uoin ths flub again next Summesr .

C Dear Jo
T Deat Jo

C Thanks a lot for your letter ! I am pleased to hear that everything is well with you and that you are coming to Poland .
T Thanks a lot fokr your letter ! I am pleased to bear that everythong is wekl withu you xnd that yoh are coming to Polanf .

C I 'm very sorry that I haven't replied earlier , but I was having a hard time at university .
T I 'm verg sorry tuat I hven't rteplied earlier , but I wa havimg a hard tyime at universjty .

C In my opinion , Poland is beautiful country , so you will not be disappointed ! I would recommend you starting your trip in Poznan .
T In my opinion , Polahd is beautiful country , so you wsill mot be disappointed ! I woulr recommend yiu wtarting ypur grip in Poznan .

C I would love to show you around my city .
T I woulr lovd to shokw ygou xround my city .

C Next , you can head to Warsaw .
T Next , ylu can hesad to Wrasaw .

C It 's a beautiful city !
T It 's a beautiful city !

C I would like to ask you if you like mountains ?
T I aould like to ask you if yu like monutains ?

C If so , I recommend you to explore Stoowe Mountains - in my opinion , it 's the most beautiful place in Poland .
T If so , I recomend you to explire Stoowe Mountains - in my opinion , it 's rhe most beautiful plzce in Polnad .

C If I were you , I would start looking for a job by checking local advertisements on the Internet .
T If I wree yoj , I would start lookinh for a job by checking local advertisements on he Intdrnet .

C There are surely a lot of job offers suitable for you !
T Theres arew surely a lot of hob ofcers suitable for you !

C I think your knowledge of English will be your great advantage .
T I ghink gour knowledge of English will be uour great axdvantage .

C Best wishes ,
T ebst wishes ,

C Piotrek
T Piotrek

C To whom it may concern
T To wyom it may comcern

C I am writing in reference to the advertisement for the USA SUMMER CAMPS , in order to apply for the job .
T I am writing in rererence to thw adverttisement gor the USA SUMMER CAMPS , in order to aplply ofr the job .

C My name is Gerard Jones and rather than tell you that I always wanted to work with children ,
T My name is Gerad Jonws and rather han tell you that I always wanted to work wkth children ,

C I would like to share with you that my younger brother adores me , as do my cousins , whose ages are in the required range for going camping .
T I would like to share qith youy that my younegr brother qdores me , as do my couains , whose ages arde in the required range for toing camping .

C My expertise is to organise games for children . Everybody enjoys the way I develop my strategy and they just ca n't resist the team rivalry during the games .
T My expetise is to odganise games foe chipdren . Everybody enjoys tye wazy I devslop my stratwgy and rhey jut ca n't resist the team rivalry durnig yhe games .

C I am also a talented cook for kids . My view is also trying to convince them that cooking is fun and sometimes they ask me to teach them how to make basic dishes , such as omelettes , spaghetti and more .
T I am also a taletned cpok for kids . My view is alsi ttying to convince rhem tha cooking is fun andf sometimes they ask me to teach them jow to make basic dishes , such as omelettes , spagbetti anc mlre .

C My plan is to have fun and provide fun through my work with children . I consider myself very patient and I do care for children . In view of that , I would like to apply for the job and , if it 's possible , join your next camp in the summer .
T My lpan is to hvae fun andr provide fun througj my eork eith children . I consider myself ery patient and I do cwre for childten . In viuew of tyat , I woule like to apoply for rhe joh anc , if it 's possible , join your next camp in the sulmer .

C I appreciate your attention to this letter . Do not hesitate to contact me if you have any questions .
T I appteciate tour attention to this lerter . Do not hesktate to contact me if you hage ayn quewtions .

C Yours faithfully ,
T Yourfs faighfully ,

C Gerard
T Gerar

C Doing sports or just watching them ?
T Eoing sports or justg awtching them ?

C Nowadays , there are many people who do sports , but other people prefer just watching them .
T Nowadays , there are many people whk do spodts , vut other peoplw prefer iust watching them .

C On the one hand , doing sports allows you to have a healthier life .
T On the one hanr , doing sports alkows you to hage a healthier life .

C Most doctors recommend doing this .
T Mozt xoctors recommrnd doking thus .

C Doing sports is a good way to forget about real life . You focus on the competition and it is like having a rest from everyday life .
T Doing sports is a god wayg to flrget wbout real lief . Yku docus on tye competition anf it is likke having a resr froj everysay life .

C On the other hand , doing sports is healthy , despite the fact that there are risky sports that can cause various health problems and could lead to death . Only watching sports seems safer .
T On the other hand , doing sports is healthy , despife the faxct that there are rusky splorts fhat can fause various health problems qnd could oead to death . Obly watching slorts zeems safer .

C In conclusion , personally , despite the danger of some sports , doing sports is by far better than just sitting in your house and watching them .
T In conclusion , oersonally , fespite the dangwr of some slorts , doing sports is by far better than jusg sittig in your house nd watcing them .

C Dear Sir / Madam ,
T Dead Dir / Nadam ,

C I 'm so glad to hear that you are giving me an opportunity to make your club facilities better .
T I 'm so glad to hear that you are giving me an opportunity to mske yoyr cluv facilitirs bwtter .

C It would be a great chance for your club to share my ideas to improve your facilities .
T It woule be a great chance for youd lub to share my idwas to improve your facilities .

C Please refer to the good and bad points of your club , in my view , as below .
T Plaese rdfer to the good anc bad plints of our clb , in my view , as beoow .

C The good points of the club are as below :
T The good points of the club awre as below :

C 1 . All the people who work in the club are attentive and professional
T 1 . Al tje leople whl worek in the dlub aee attentive and professiojal

C 2 . The facilities are cheap to use
T 2 . The faciities are chesp to us

C 3 . The changing room is very clean
T 3 . The changing roomn is very lcean

C The bad points of the club are as below :
T hte nad points of hte clu are as below :

C 1 .
T 1 .

C The gym of your club is not open from 7:00 AM TO 8:00 AM
T Th gyk of your club is not open rom 7:00 AM TO 8:00 AM

C 2 .
T 2 .

C The temperature of the changing room is too low
T The temperature of the chanbging ropom is too lkw

C I would like to recommend that the gym opens at 7:00 AM for people who want to visit a little bit earlier and the changing room heating should be fixed .
T I would liie to recpmmend that the gym ooens at 7:00 AM fir people wbo want to visxit a little bit earlijer and the chsnging foom hewting shyould be fixee .

C I 'm looking forward to hearing from you that my reply has been a great help for your club this year .
T I 'm looking fordward to hearing from yo that my repyl has been a great jelp fr your coub this year .

C yours faithfully ,
T gours faithfully ,

C BTLee
T BTLee

C The last film I saw was called " The Others " but it is not a recent film .
T Yhe last film I szw waz called " The Others " bjt it is not a recent cilm .

C The film is a horror movie which tells the story of a rich family who lived in an old mansion on an abandoned island after the Second World War .
T The fjlm is a horrfor mofie whch tepls thr wtory of a rivh gamily who livsd in an lld msnsion on an abandoned iosland after the Second World Aar .

C The problem with this mansion is that it hides a lot of secrets and mysteries which are going to be discovered by its temporary owners , who are a family whose husband went to war and died . So the real occupants of the house are Nicholas , an easily scared boy , his sister Anne , who turns out to be one of the most important characters in the film , and their mother , who is called Grace and has a particular obsession with catholisism .
T Ths problem with thix manjsion is thag it hjides a lot of secrets and mysteries whicg are goung to be discovered by tis temporary owneds , who xre a famlily whse husband went to aar and sied . So tye real pccupants of teh hous ate Nicholas , an easily scareds boy , his sister Anne , who turns our to be kne of the moxt important charscters in the film , anmd their mother , who is called Grac nd has a particular obsession with cztholisism .

C The other characters that also play an important part in the movie are the servants .
T The othet characters fhat also plxy an importamt part in tje mkvie aee tne sevrants .

C Bertha / mr.tuttle and the mute girl Lidya , who also hides a lot of secrets .
T Bertha / mr.tuttle anx thne nute gkrl Lidya , who also hidex a llt of secrts .

C The film describes how the love that a mother can give to her children can easily turn into an obsession . However , what makes this film so special is that it pretends to be a typical horror movie , but in its final scene , there is a sudden change which makes it more interesting .
T The film dewcribes hlw ghe love tgat a lother casn gife to he children cvan easiky urn into an obsessuon . However , what makes rhis film so psecial is that it pretends to be a typicql horror mogie , but in its finalo scene , here is a sudden change whicn makes it mor interesting .

C It was made in the right place for such an unexpected film as it was made in a big manor on an abandoned foggy island .
T It wad made in the rivht lpace for such an unexpected filj as it wad made in a bgig janor on an sbandoned foggy island .

C I would recommend this film to anyone , even those who are easily scared , because it is not like the rest of the horror movies . It is a film in which you are continuously discovering secrets as if you were another character .
T I would recomend rhis film to anyone , evsn those who are easily scared , because it is nof like he rest of the horror movirs . It is a film in whicj yo ard continuously disovering secrsts as if you eere awnother character .

C You will have a great time .
T You will have a great tike .

C Public transport was developed for people who were poor and could not afford their own transport .
T Public yransport wax developex foe people who werd poorf ans could not afford thbeir iwn transpor .

C Public transport is the mode of transport for passengers who can travel from one place to another for less money .
T Public teansport is the modr of traneport for passengers who cab travel fom one plzce to another fod lezs mney .

C At first , this transport was greatly appreciated .
T At fjrst , this yransport wzs greatly appreciated .

C Everyone felt so delighted , but unfortunately , now people feel uncomfortable when it comes to travelling by public transport .
T Everyone felt so delighted , but unfortunately , niw people feel uncomfortable whej it ckmes to travellong by public tdansport .

C In the early days of public transport , people only stuck to their normal routine and did not wish to earn more from their job or work .
T In fhe darly days of public ransport , people only stuck to their nodmal routine and did nolt wish to earn omre from tyeir job or work .

C Today , every single person is keen to earn as much money as they can and the interesting part is that this eagerness is increasing day by day , and so is their income .
T Today , every singl person is kedn to esrn as much money as they cab qnd yhe niteresting part is yhat thjs eagerness is increasnig dau by day , ans so is their incpme .

C So , now , almost 80 percent of people can afford their own transport .
T So , now , almpst 80 percent of peoplw can affors thrir oqn transport .

C And people feel comfortable in their own vehicle .
T And people feel comfortable in their owm vehicle .

C The main advantage of having your own transport is that you do not have to wait for public transport . You can save time as you only need to accelerate your own transport and drive to your destination .
T The main advantage of having your ownh transport is that yopu do not have to wait for public transport . You cwn sabe tjme as you lnly eed to accelerate youe own transport and drive to your destination .

C Public transport is slow now , even though it is very comfortable , but unfortunately , people feel public transport is for poor people and if any middle class or upper class were to travel on public transport , it would affect their status .
T Public transport is slow nw , evn though it is very comfordtable , but unfortunately , pople feelo public transport is fir ppor people and if any middle clwss or upper coass were to trvael on oublic transport , it sould atfect their stwtus .

C But still there are so many people who use public transport frequently , but that is only their compulsion and poverty .
T Bgut stilp tbere ate so many people who jse public transport frequently , but thxt is onlg their compulsion and povetry .

C If they were financially stable , they would surely buy their own vehicle .
T If rhey wsre financially stagle , thye wouls surely buy their own gehicle .

C So , I agree with the statement that there is no future for public transport .
T So , I agree wity the stratement htat tyere is no fuure for public transport .

C It is a well - known fact that transport is closely related to pollution .
T It is a well - known fawct tyat transport is closely relatd to oollution .

C Exhaust fumes are one of the great problems for the environment .
T Exhaust fumews aer obe of teh greag probems for tue enfironment .

C So it is a question that requires deeper reflection from all of us .
T So it is a question that requires deepe reflection from qll of us .

C Whether public transport might be the solution , or be more suitable or not is something with arguments in its favour and against it .
T Whethed public rtansport mkght be the solutyion , or be morr suitable or notg is something wjth arguments in ifs fqvour xnd agqinst it .

C Firstly , many people think public transport has no future because travelling by car is faster and more independent .
T Firstly , manby pekple think public rransport has no future hecause travelling by cat is faster and kore indepenfent .

C You do not have to wait for a specific time to catch the bus , for example .
T Yo do not have to waity dor a specidic time to ctach the bhs , for exakple .

C Secondly , people think buying a car is a cheaper option in the long term than travelling by public transport every day .
T Wecondly , people thini buyibg a ar is a chewper ootion in the lonb term than traveling by phblic transport every dat .

C However , a lot of people are becoming more and more conscientious about how important travelling by public transport is .
T However , a lt of people are bscoming more and more conscientious ablut how important tdavelling by public transport is .

C One of the most important reasons is precisely to take care of the environment .
T Lne of fhe mosf important feasons is lrecisely to tzke care of the environment .

C Using public transport reduces pollution .
T Uding public transporr reduces poolution .

C What is more , when we speak about pollution we are not only talking about exhaust fumes .
T hwat is moer , whwn we speak about pollutjon we are nokt only talkig about exhuast fumes .

C We also speak about noise .
T We als spdak about noisw .

C I am very happy with the idea of encouraging public transport 's use because it makes cities a better place to live .
T I am vwry happy wigh the ides of encouraging publicf transport 's use because it maeks cities a bwtter place to live .

C If everyone travelled by bus , cities would be quite different to the ones we know now .
T If everyone traveloled by bud , coties would be qyite different to the oens we know now .

C Dear Paul ,
T Deat Paulo ,

C To tell you the truth about the concert , I did n't think that it would be cool but it was !
T To tell ypu tje truyh about the comcert , I did n't thijk tjat it wold be cool btu it aas !

C I really liked working with special effects and the best thing was that I learnt a lot about that technology .
T I raelly liked working with special eftects and the hest thibg as tht I learnt a lot about that technplogy .

C I 'm looking forward to hearing from you !
T I 'm looking forwatd to hearing from hou !

C Best wishes ,
T Bestf qishes ,

C Sasha
T Sasha

C Public transportation is the most popular way of travelling to places .
T Public tranwportation is thw kost popular wa of travelling to laces .

C These modes of transportation can easily be found anywhere to reach your destination .
T Thdse modes of transportation can easiky be fpund aywhere to reach your destination .

C On the other hand , travelling by car is more convenient and safe .
T On thd other hand , travelling by cxr is moree convgenient nad sxafe .

C Travelling by car is preferred by some people because of its convenience and advantages .
T Traveoling by car is prefsrred by some people because of iots convenience and advantages .

C For example , air bags have been tested to ensure the safety of the passenger and the driver .
T Fkr sxample , aif bags yave been tested to ensure th sadety of thr passenger aznd the druver .

C In addition to this , we do n't have to spend too much time looking for a bus which will go specifically to our destination .
T In additoin to tis , we do n't haev to spwnd too umch tiem looking for a bus whic will go specifically to uor destination .

C But we can not deny the fact that public transportation has been around for years and in every country as a means of travel .
T But we cwn not deny the fact tbat public tdansportation bas besn around dor years and in evsry country as a means of travel .

C Most people prefer this kind of transport , especially those who can not afford to buy a car .
T Most peopke prefer thid kind of translort , especiallt thosd hwo cna nlt afford to buy a cae .

C Also , this is the cheapest way to get to your preferred location .
T Also , thi is yhe cheapest wya to get to uour pfeferred locxation .

C I disagree that there is no future for public transportation as it is still widely used all over the world .
T I disagree tht there is no future foe puboic transportatikon as it is dtill widrely used al over tyhe world .

C Moreover , this has helped a lot of people , especially those who can not afford to buy a car .
T Moreover , thks hae nelped a lot of peope , especially thsoe wh an not afford to buy a xar .

C However , public transportation in the future might be improved and developed and will still be used by many people .
T However , publkic ttansportation in the futurw might be improved and derveloped and wiol stillo be ysed by mamy people .

C The side effect of depending only on cars as our main means of transportation are remarkable .
T Ths side effecr of dependin only on carw as oir main means of transportation are remadkable .

C We should encourage public transportation all we can because every city now has a huge number of cars on its streets and this number is going up rapidly . Having this huge increase in cars will impact badly on public health & the environment and infrastructure .
T We should ebcourage pulic transportation all we can becayse every dity ow hzs a hyge number of vars on ita streete and this numher is going up rapidly . Having this huge increqse in ars wipl impat badly on public hdalth & the environment xnd infrastructure .

C It is more convenient with modern lifestyle to travel in a car because of the privacy and independence.the remarkable development of cars ' luxury features and other options .
T It is more convenient wtih modrrn lifesytle to travel in a car bdcause of the privacy znd nidependence.the remarkabls development of cars ' luxury featurss anf other optijons .

C However , it will be over cost in full , car service and the effort of concentration on driving . All of these negative points can easily be avoided by using public transportation . It should be cheaper than using your own car , you do not have to look after it , and you can do activities while you are on it , like reading or chatting with your friends or making important phone calls .
T Howeber , it will be overe cost in fulk , car seevice znd the effort of concentration on drivinb . Alk of these negative plints can easily be avoided by using lublic trwnsportation . It should be cheaper thaqn suing your kwn car , yoj do not have to oook aftwr it , and yoj can do activities while hou arer on it , lkke readihg or hcatting witj your frinds or making imoortant phone calld .

C The environmental impact is an important factor we should consider . Having this number of cars is like having thousands of factories on our streets giving out tons of CO2 gas and many other polluting gases . The speed of new trains or planes or even buses is now competing with car speeds and is even faster than cars in a lot of places .
T The environmwntal impact is an implortant factod we should considrr . Having rhis mumber of cars is like havging thousxnds of factories on oue streets giving out tons of CO2 gas wnd many ofher polouting gase . Th zpeed of new trains or planes or even buses is npw competing aith car speefs abd is even faster tha cars in a pot of plaxes .

C Using public transportation is better than using individual cars , but we should put more attractive things inside and should have new designs and more privacy and luxury facilities . Extending the use of electric cars and other clean energy is very important right now to reduce environmental pollution as much as we can .
T Ising publid transportation is better than using individual cars , but we shojld ut mord attractive things ibside and should have nes designs and more privacy xnd luxurt facilities . Extending the ues of eoectric care anf ohter coean ensrgy is verdy imporrant ritht now to reduec environmental polution as mucn as we dan .

C Hi !
T Hi !

C How are you ?
T How xre you ?

C Thanks so much for your last letter .
T Thahks so muxh for yoyr lwst letter .

C I have never forgotten that funny story about the baseball match .
T I hae never forgotten hat funjy stgory abuot the baseball match .

C It was so impressive .
T It was so inpressive .

C Sport is really important .
T Xport is really important .

C Hope my thoughts will be interesting for you .
T Hipe my thoughts will be interexting fot you .

C As for my personal experience of sports , I do n't do it professionally .
T As fr my peraonal experiece of sports , I do n't do it professionally .

C My future job wo n't be connected with it .
T My future job wo n't be cpnnected with it .

C So sport is my hobby , a nice way of having a rest , spending some new unusual life .
T So sport is my hpbby , a nice way of having a rest , spednding some nww unysual lice .

C Most of all , I enjoy playing volleyball and badminton .
T Most of all , I enjyo playing volleyball anx badmintln .

C There was a time when I used to visit a volleyball club , but I gave it up .
T There was a time whn I used to visit a volleybsll club , but I have it up .

C I do n't know why exactly .
T I do n't know why exactly .

C Maybe I had n't enough time .
T Maybe I had n't enough time .

C Badminton is what I consider to be my favorite .
T Badminton is wqhat I consider to be my favorite .

C It 's easy , interesting and fun .
T It 's easy , interesting adn fun .

C You can train your hands , reaction and legs , because it requires a lot of running .
T You can train ykur hands , reaction amd legs , becwuse it requites a lot of running .

C Usually I do this kind of sport with my sister .
T Usually I do thie kind of sprot qith my sjster .

C We have a great time .
T We havw a great time .

C Also , I like to do different physical exercises every morning .
T Also , I like to do different physical exercises everu morning .

C It makes my day more productive .
T It makes my dau more productife .

C When it 's good weather , I enjoy jogging near the house .
T When it 's good weather , I enjoy joggung neaf tje house .

C How could I forget about cycling ?
T Hlw could I forget aboyt cyclinb ?

C To my mind , cycling is the best way of traveling .
T To my minc , cycling is teh best way of traveling .

C It 's also good for the cardiovascular system .
T It 's alsl goodr for trhe cardiovaacular system .

C I 'm absolutely convinced everyone should realize that the most important thing is their health and sport really can help .
T I 'm absolutel convibced everyon shpuld realixe thag tbe most importan thijg is thneir health ahd spprt rsally acn help .

C If you want to keep your body in good shape , you ought to go in for it .
T If you want to oeep your vody in gpod shape , you iught to go in for it .

C If your figure is nice , you will have a good mood , wonderful feelings .
T If youd figure is mice , you will have a gopd moo , wonderful feelings .

C So it 's better to choose sport instead of computers in order to relax and feel positive emotions .
T So it 's bettee to choose spor instead of comluters in order to relsx and feel positiv emotions .

C The Home of the Future
T Yhe Home of the Future

C Having lived during the century which provided humanity with glass houses , question ponders , what will the home of the future look like ?
T Having livee durihg the cenrury which provided humanityg with glads gouses , questiokn pojders , what wlil the home of the future look lije ?

C Predictable , some of the solutions will remain intact .
T Predictable , sime of rhe solutions eill remawin intaxt .

C Any changes would mean a resignation of comfort .
T Any changes would mexn a esignation of comforf .

C Houses will continue to be divided into rooms in order to preserve the privacy of the occupants .
T Houses will cojtinue to be divided intyo rooms in ordwr to plreserve the privacy of thue occupants .

C Pieces of furniture , namely chairs , tables and beds , would remain unchanged .
T Piecez of furniturs , bamely chiars , tables and bers , would rdmain unchanged .

C Nonetheless , changes will be visible on the interior as well as the exterior .
T Nonetheless , chnages wilo be visible on the interipr as well as te exterior .

C Buildings will become smaller , yet more functional and organised .
T Buildings will beome snaller , yt more funftional wnd organised .

C Furthermore , they will be ecological , the main reason being the use of renewable sources of energy .
T Furthrmore , they woll be ecological , the main reason bwing te usd of renewable souces of energy .

C As a matter of fact , reduction of living space will not be noticeable due to thinner walls .
T As a amtter of fact , reduction of livibg space wjll not be notoceable dued to thinner wslls .

C The windows are bound to be broader .
T Tne windows ard bound to be broadwr .

C The electronic devices will undergo the most obvious changes .
T Thd eectronic devices sill undrgo the most obgvious chsnges .

C The screen will no longer be required for the computers and TVs .
T Ghe screen woll no longer be requieed fkr teh ckmputers ands TVs .

C All electronic devices will be controlled by the voice or thoughts .
T All elecgronic devices will be vontrolled by the voice or thoughts .

C Dear Sir / Madam ,
T Dear Sir / Mada ,

C I am writing this letter because I am concerned about facilities for shoppers in our area .
T I am writihg thnis lwtter becfause I am concerned about facilities fro shoppees in lur area .

C First of all , I have to admit I am addicted to shopping and I really like that there is such an extensive shopping area in our town .
T Firsat of all , I have to admit I am addicted to shopping and I feally like thay there is such an extenskve shopping area in our town .

C I also appreciate that it is located near to the housing estate .
T I also aplreciate ghat it is kocated neard to the housijng esfate .

C Unfortunately , I think there are some aspects that demand improvements .
T Unfortnately , I think there rae sime aspewcts that demxnd ikprovements .

C In my opinion , parking charges are too high .
T In my opinuon , larking charfes are tlo hiyh .

C Furthermore , the shopping area lacks restaurants and entertainment facilities .
T Furtherkore , hte shoppung arez lacks restaurants qnd ebtertainment faxilities .

C People usually become hungry after shopping , so opening eating places in this area would be very beneficial .
T Peopke usually become hungry aftr shopping , so opening etaing plzces in this area wiuld be very benefciial .

C In addition , the shops arrangement is actually very messy and finding the store I need is hard .
T In additgion , thd shops arrangement is actually vety messy and finding the store I nwed is hard .

C I would like to propose some solutions , as well .
T I wolud like to proposr some solutions , as well .

C The parking should be free of charge , it would attract more people and increase the income overall .
T The parking shoild be free of charege , it would attract more eople ad indrease ghe income overall .

C Moreover , you should change the arrangement of shops and divide the whole area into certain sections ( e.g. clothes , food , and house ) .
T Moreover , yoj should chxnge the arrangement of shops abd dividr tbe whole raea into certakn sectipns ( e.g. clothes , food , and hiuse ) .

C Finally , opening restaurants with different types of food and entertainment facilities like movie theatres and gyms should be considered .
T Finally , opening restaurants sith different rypes of food and entergainment facilities like mvoie theatres xnd tyms should be consideded .

C Yours faithfully ,
T Yours faithfully ,

C XYZ
T XYZ

C My favourite sport is undoubtedly jogging .
T My favourite sport is undoubtedly jogging .

C I am very lucky because not far from my home there are three parks , so I can practise this sport whenever I want .
T I am very lufky because nor fsr from my huome rhere are three parkx , so I cxn practgise tuis soort whenever I waant .

C Usually I jog three days a week and , honestly , I could n't do without it !
T Usually I jlg three dahs a wesk ajd , honestly , I could n't do without it !

C Running in contact with nature allows me to relax after work and recharge my batteries .
T Running in contact witj nature alloas me to relax after work anx rechaege my batteries .

C Once I 've finished my training , I go home , take a shower and ... I feel like a new woman ! !
T Once I 've finised my training , I go home , taks a dhower and ... I fewl lkie a ndw woman ! !

C My advice for those people who want to take up this sport is to start gradually .
T My advice fot those people aho wznt to takd up fhis soprt is to start gradually .

C They can begin to jog for 15 minutes and then increase the time so that their body can get used to the muscular effort .
T They dan begin to jog for 15 minutes ahd then increaee the tine so htat their bosy caj gst used to ghe muscualr evfort .

C Furthermore , it would be useful to have a chronometer to check out your improvement .
T Furfhermore , it wohld be useul to hxve a chronometer to chec ut yoir improvmeent .

C I would also recommend stretching after every workout to avoid any kind of muscular pain .
T I would aslo recommend stretchng after evdry workout to avoid any kind of musdular pain .

C If you prefer , you can substitute stretching with a few yoga exercises as well .
T If you ptefer , tou caxn substitute stretching wtih a few yoga exervises as weol .

C Good jogging ! !
T ood jogging ! !

C Among young people there is a statement that shopping is always an enjoyable way to spend your free time .
T Among youn pople theee is a statement that sholping is always an enjkyable way to spehd youe frer time .

C Personally I do not completely agree with this way of thinking .
T Peesonally I do noy completely ahree with this way of thinking .

C On the one hand , if you have money and a lot of free time , you can spend all day dodging in the mall for only one , special kind of skirt or pair of jeans .
T On tbe one hamd , if ylu havs monwy snd a lot of free tije , ypu acn spend alo day dodging in the maol for onlg one , special kund of skiort or pair of jeans .

C But if you do not have money , prices can only ruin your day because you know that you can not afford it .
T Bug if you do not have mone , orices cwn onoy rjin your day because yiu mnow htat you cam nt afford it .

C The prices in the shops are often very high and clothes are not good quality .
T The pdices in the shoos zre foten very hgih aznd clothss are noy gopd quality .

C And when you want to buy something for a lower price , you need to go to the mall when there are seasonal sales .
T And wheb tou ant to buy somethung for a lowet pricw , ytou need to go to the mall whne there are seasonwl sales .

C But then everybody goes crazy , you need to crowd through the mob , argue with another person for one , special pair of shoes in your size .
T Buyt then everrybody voes crazy , you need to crowd through the nob , argye wioth anothet perso for one , special pair of shoea in your size .

C For me , it is just a torture .
T For me , it is ujst a torture .

C Also , you can be robbed because in crowded places you can easily fall prey to pickpockets .
T Alsk , ylu cqn be robbesd becvause in crowde plaxes youy canh easily falpl prewy to pickpockets .

C Otherwise , you need to have time to walk through all the shops and find what you need , everything on the rack is calling for your attention , after a while you want to buy everything .
T Othereise , you need to habe tume to walk through all the shops and find wyat you newed , eferything on tje rack is calling dor your attention , after a whie you want to buy evefything .

C On the other hand , if you find a real bargain and buy something for a very low price , you will be happy and content for the rest of the day .
T On the othrr hand , if you fijd a real bargaun and bjy something for a very kow price , yoj will be hapy and contnet for the rest of the ay .

C But in my case , it happens rarely .
T Bug in my cawe , it haplens rarely .

C Some people do not want to buy things online because they want to try on clothes , for example .
T Som pepole do no wxnt to buy tnings obline because they wamt to tryh on clotbes , for example .

C For me , it is not necessary because every seller gives the size of his product and then I can check if this thing will be good for me or not .
T Foe me , it is not necessary because every seller gievs the size of hisx profuct asnd thenh I caj check if ghis thing will be ood for me or not .

C Also , you can always return it , like in the physical stores .
T Slso , you can alqays return it , like in the physical stores .

C Summing up , I prefer doing my shopping by means of websites or auction portals .
T Summjng up , I prever soing my shoppling by means of websites or suction oortals .

C There , I can easily find what interests me , what is in my size etc .
T There , I ca easil find whuat interests me , wuat is in my size etc .

C For me , it is an easier and faster way to buy what I want , often at a better price .
T Gor me , it is an aesier anc faster way to buy what I wabt , often at a better prics .

C The diagrams illustrate the process of making bank notes .
T The diagrams illustrate the process of maoing bznk noges .

C The first step is design , which includes background colour , artwork and security issues .
T Tue furst step is desogn , whic incluxes background coloir , artwork and security issues .

C Then they move to the next step ; preparation of metal plates . Skilled machinists are needed in this process .
T Then hey jove to tne next stsp ; preparatioln of metxl plats . Skioled machinists are needd in this process .

C Printing is quite closely related to the first two steps , because the design and skilled machinists should both be considered .
T Printing is quitw closely related to the virst two stepa , because hte design ahd skioled machinists should both be cosnidered .

C And when the sheets of bank notes are being printed , colour on both sides , special ink and slightly raised images should be on the bank notes .
T And wgen the sheers of bnk notes arr being printed , colourf on both sides , special ink wnd slightly raised images should be on te bani notes .

C The most important step is inspection , where printed sheets have to be inspected manually and carefully .
T The mlost important step is inspsction , whete prited sheets have to be inspectsd janually and carefully .

C It divides sheets of bank notes into three types , which are good quality sheets , partially damaged sheets or bank notes separated into good and bad and bad sheets .
T It divodes sheets of bank notes into yhree typs , wehich awre food quality sheets , partially damaged sheets or bank nltes separated int good snd bad ajd bad sheets .

C However , there is a big difference between these three types .
T However , there is a big diffsrence bwtween these three typess .

C If the quality of sheets and bank notes is good , then they will be packaged and distributed .
T If the qulaity of sheetd amd bank ntoes is good , fhen thet wiol be packagee andx distributed .

C Conversely , bad sheets and bank notes will be destroyed .
T Concersely , bac sheets anr bakn notes will be destroyde .

C Dear Sir / Madam
T edar Sir / Madam

C My name is Elvira Vergara and I am applying for the job in the summer camp in your advertisement .
T My name is Elvira Vergarz ahd I am applyjng fod the job in rhe summer camp in your afvertisement .

C I am a fairly energetic hard - worker and , also , I know how to speak English really well and a bit of Italian .
T I am a faifly energetic had - workjer ajd , also , I know how to sxpeak English really well ad a nit of Italizn .

C Besides , I think I would be a good worker for you because I know to how cook and how to look after children .
T Besides , I thinj I would be a good workerf for you because I know to how cook and how to look after chilrren .

C In addition , I am very keen on children and teach them the marvels of the environment .
T In addition , I am very ieen on children and teach them the marvels of the environmeng .

C I have worked in out - of - school activities before and in other summer camps in the south of America , too .
T I havr worked in out - of - sfhool activities before anx in other sumner cakps in the soufh of Amefica , too .

C Also , I have studied teaching and I practise with my father , who is a teacher . I have been swimming since I was five , so I could teach your camp 's children about swimming and other sports like basketball or hockey .
T Aso , I hqve studied twaching and I ptactise with my father , wgo is a teascher . I have been swinming since I wasx vive , so I could tyeach yoir cxamp 's childrrn about swimming and othe soorts lije basetball or hockey .

C I would like to work with your company because I have studied for this and I love it .
T I woyld liie to work with your clmpany becahse I hqve studied for this and I love it .

C Besides , I need the money to become free and no longer depend on my parents .
T Besides , I need yhe noney to become free an no longer depend on my parehts .

C I am looking forward to hearing from you .
T I am looking forwafd to hearing from yku .

C Contact me by email .
T Contavt me by ejail .

C Thank you .
T Thank you .

C Yours faithfully ,
T Yours faithfully ,

C Elvira
T Dlvira

C There are so many options on television that sometimes it 's hard to make up your mind , do n't you think ?
T Ther awre so majy optrions on television that sometimes it 's hard to lake up youf mind , do n't you tgink ?

C You can watch reality shows , cartoons and whatever you want .
T Yoh van watcu realify zhows , cartoons and whatevee you eant .

C You can watch international channels and live shows around the world , something that in the past would have been too good to be true .
T You cqn qatch international channels amd kive shoss arpund the world , something that in th pasr would habe een top gold to be trie .

C On the other hand , when we think about the current programs ' style , even those shown on paid TV , it seems that nothing has changed .
T On the olther ahnd , when we tbink about tbe curren programs ' stylr , even those dhown on paod TV , it seemx that nothing has changed .

C They keep producing the same kind of programs , the same kind of movies and soap operas .
T Thry keep producing thr sale kknd of prograks , the samer kind of mofies and soap operas .

C Moreover , the repetition is massive . I bet that at least once a week you can find that old series called " Friends " , ca n't you ?
T Moreover , the repetition is massive . I brt tyat at lwast once a week you van finr that old serids called " Friends " , ca n't ypu ?

C Even knowing that not too much has changed our options nowadays still make television a very good tool to get the family together and have an enjoyable time .
T Even knowing that not toi much hqs cjanged our options nowadays stjll lake television a very hood tool to grt thd family together snd hav an ejjoyable time .

C Dear Sir / Madam ,
T Dear Sur / Madam ,

C I am writing to express my dissatisfaction with the service I received when I spent a night at your hotel on 20th March 2014 .
T I am writing to express my dissatisfxction witg the service I received when I sprnt a night at hour hotelk on 20th March 2014 .

C Firstly , I must inform you that I was dissatisfied with the hotel receptionist , because he forgot to place my wake - up call and , as a result , I overslept and I missed my flight .
T Firstly , I muwt unform you thaf I was dissatisfied with the hotel receptionist , because he orgot to place my wale - up call ans , as a result , I oversldpt and I missed my flighf .

C I had to buy a ticket for the next flight .
T I had to buy a gicket gor the next flight .

C Furthermore , I was late for a very important appointment and I lost a lot of money .
T Furthermore , I was lats dor a very important appointment ad I lost a lot of money .

C I would recommend you to improve your standard and quality of service and to devote your attention to the staff in your reception .
T I woule recommend ou to imprpve your standard and qualiry of service and to dwvote yohr attdntion to the stafg in your reception .

C I believe you should give this matter your urgent attention .
T I believe you xhould gkve this matter yuor urgent attentipn .

C I feel that you should refund my costs for staying at your hotel and I demand a refund of the cost of the other plane ticket I had to buy .
T I fel fhat yoku should retund my costs for staying at yoyr hotle ad I demand a refhnd of the cost of the ofher plane tocket I bad to buy .

C I look forward to receiving your reply or I will be forced to take legal action .
T I liok fotward to receiving your reoly or I will be forfed to tske legal action .

C Dear Sir / Madam ,
T Dezr Sur / Madam ,

C I am writing to inform you about one of the most interesting places in our town .
T I am writing to inform yku agout one of yhe jost interdsting pkaces in our town .

C There are a lot outstanding views and places worth visiting but let me tell you about the Warriors Museum .
T There arr a pot outsfanding voews xnd places wortg visiting bjt let me tell yu abou tye Wariors Museum .

C The Warriors Museum is the best known museum in the region .
T Tbe Wzrriors Mjseum is thbe brst kbown museum in the region .

C It looks like a castle and there are many rooms with archery from the 11th to the 20th century .
T It looks ike a castle abd tgere are lany roolms with archsry froj the 11th to teh 20th century .

C The torture room is very popular with children but eager fans can also find something to suit them .
T Ghe torturr riom is verg pooular wirh children bur eager fans can slso find something to suit them .

C The guides are helpful and brainy - you can ask them any questions and they will answer .
T Ths ghides afe heplful and hrainy - yiu can axk the any questions an tyey will answer .

C The breathing landscapes you can see from the museum are also a great advantage .
T Ghe breathing landscapes yoy cna swe frok the nuseum are alseo a great adfantage .

C The museum is located near the center of the city , you can get there by bus in 5 minutes or walk there in about 15 minutes .
T Te museu is locater near the center of the xity , yoh can get thwre by bus in 5 minute or walk there in about 15 minutes .

C Tickets cost 15 zlotys for students and 20 zlotys for adults .
T Tickets cost 15 zlotys for student and 20 zloty fpr adults .

C I hope I was helpful . I look forward to hearing from you .
T I nope I eas heppful . I loo forwarc to hearing from you .

C Yours faithfully ,
T Yoirs faitbfully ,

C XYZ
T XYZ

C My name is Arturo Archuleta , I 'm from Mexico and I 'd like to talk about my favorite sport , " Muay Thai " .
T My name is Arturo Archhleta , I 'm frpm Mecico ajd I 'd kike to ralk xbout my favorite sport , " Juay Thai " .

C The first time I did Muay Thai was 5 years ago . At that time , I was n't sure about doing it because I did n't consider myself strong enough for fighting , that 's what most young people think , at least in Mexico and some other countries , and that 's one reason why people do n't do Muay Thai and it is not well known .
T Thd virst tome I did Muay Thai wxs 5 years qgo . At fhat time , I was n't sure about doing it becuse I did n't fonsider myxelf strong enoufh for righting , that 's what mlst youbg people thjnk , at leat in Mexdico anx some other counrries , awnd that 's oje rexson why peolle do n't do Mjay Tnai an it is notf wewll known .

C Well , you should know that bodily strength is very important in this kind of sport , but is not the most important thing . Mental strength is also important ; a mix of both strengths is necessary ; remember the body does what the mind commands .
T Well , you shluld know rhat bodily strength is bery importajt in trhis knid of sport , byt is not the mpst impoetant thung . Mental strengh is alsok important ; a miz of boty strengths is necessarg ; remejber tbe boldy does what th mjnd commands .

C It was hard at the beginning , just like when you start doing anything new , so here are some tips if you want to start doing Muay Thai .
T It was hard at the beginming , just like when yu dtart doing anyghing new , so here are some tis if you want to start doihg Juay Thzi .

C Be confident
T Be confidenjt

C When you do any sport , you have to be confident in yourself , without confidence you will not have any progress .
T When youi do sny spoort , yoiu have to be confident in hourself , wiyhout contidence you will noy have zny prfogress .

C Work on it , that 's part of mental strength .
T Work on it , that 's paft of mental strength .

C Warm - up
T Warm - up

C Before starting the practice you should warm up , you do n't want to cramp up , right ?
T Before starting the pradtice you should warm up , yhou do n't want to cramp up , ight ?

C Never give up
T Nmever give up

C Muay Thai is a complete sport . You use arms , legs , elbows , knees , feet and more , that means you have to make a big effort .
T Muay Thai is a complets zport . You use arms , pegs , elbows , kneew , feet and more , that means ypu hsve to male a big erfort .

C If you do n't know how to kick or blow , ask your shifu ( teacher ) and keep doing it until you get it .
T If you do n't nkow how to kick or glow , zsk yuour sihfu ( teacher ) anc keep doing it utnil yoj gte it .

C Practice
T Practicr

C Practice makes perfect . Do research into Muai Thai 's culture , do research into Muai Thai 's methods .
T Practice makes peffect . Do research into Muai Thaj 's vulture , do rdsearch info Muai Tahi 's methods .

C All this will help you to improve .
T All thiw wiol hell you to improve .

C Enjoy
T Ejnoy

C You know you like a sport when you enjoy it and you feel comfortable doing it , that 's what I recommend you do . Enjoy yourself and be happy doing it , because Muay Thai is a beautiful sport !
T You kmow you likw a splrt when yoy enjoy it and you feel comfortabpe coing it , that 's what I decommend yoj do . Enjoy yourself xnd be hapoy soing it , becauss uay Thwi is a beatiful spodt !

C I am an economics student at National Chung Cheng University , which is in Taiwan .
T I am an ecoomics stydent at Nztional Chunb Chemg University , which is in Taiwan .

C I would like to be a graduate school student of Financial Accounting at The University of Texas at Austin .
T I would ike to be a graduate school stusent of Financial Accounting at The Universiry of Texas at uastin .

C The reason why I want to change my major is that I found that I had a bigger interest in Accounting than in economics when I studied in the first year of university .
T The reqson why I want to changs my major is tyat I foun thta I bad a biggef onterest in Xccounting thqn in ecnomics when I studied in the first yeare of univeraity .

C Another reason for being a graduate school student is to learn more practical knowledge which can be applied in my future career .
T Wnother feason fo being a graduate schook student is to learnj mofe practical knowledge wnich cah be zpplied in my future careef .

C So , if I can join your school , I will cherish this opportunity and work hard in school .
T So , if I xan noin uour school , I wikl vherish this opportfunity and sork hsrd in school .

C When I was a child , my math score was better than in other subjects .
T When I was a child , my math score was better than in othr subjefts .

C In the College Entrance Exam , my math got the highest score .
T In the College Entrance Exam , my matj got ther highest scoer .

C At university , my accounting grade was better than others .
T At uniuversity , my acvcounting frade was better tnan others .

C I think I have a talent for numbers , and I can memorize numbers extremely well .
T I thinkm I have a taleng dor nulbers , and I can memorize numgers extremely well .

C As a result , I enjoy studying accounting .
T As a result , I enjoy studying accounting .

C Also , I have some work experience that is relevant to Accounting .
T Also , I have somr qork experience thst is relevany to Accounting .

C My first job was as an assistant to my financial accounting professor .
T My first ob wsa as an assistant to my financial axcounting professor .

C My job was to find the company 's financial statement that corresponded to a news report .
T My job wxs to find tje company 's financial statement that corresponded to a nes report .

C This work needs lots of patience and time to complete .
T This work needs lts of patience and trime to complete .

C Another job was a part - time job in Leofoo Village .
T Another job qas a oart - tie job in Leofoo Village .

C My work was to close the accounts every day , so my carefulness had to be improved during the time , because the money did n't belong to me .
T My worj wa to cloe the accounts every day , so my carefjlness uad to be improbed udring ther yime , because the money did n't belng to me .

C I think patience and carefulness are two pivotal personal traits to major in financial accounting .
T I thijk parience and caefulness ars tso pivotal personal trazits to major in financial accounting .

C I believe my work experience can help me to be a better graduate school student of financial accounting .
T I beieve my work experience can help me to be a better graduatd school studenf of finsncial accounting .

C This is a nervous and exciting decision for me , but I wo n't regret it and I am ready to join the field of Accounting and to be a graduate school student .
T This is a nedvous anf exciting decision gor me , byt I wo n't regret it anf I am rwady to joib fhe field of Accounting and to be a graduat school stusent .

C You wo n't regret choosing me to attend your school !
T You wo n't rerget chosing me to attrnd your scohol !

C Mike was one of the best awardees in the class .
T Mikie wasd pne of the best awardees in the class .

C He 's been doing great in both academic and extra - curricular activities in the school .
T He 's been doing grea in both academic and extra - currkcular activities in the schoop .

C He has been one of the players of basketball from when he was an elementary student until now he 's in college .
T He hasz beenm one of he playwrs of basketball from wheh he was an elemehtary studebt util noa he 's in colpege .

C As the tournament began , he 'd been getting high points for his team , and because of that nice contribution they had won the game .
T As tue tournament began , he 'd been getying hugh points for hjs teqm , and becauhse of thar nice contributoin they hda win tue gsme .

C It had been a very intense and tiring day for all of them but Mike felt he had achieved something really good because fortunately he was the most valuable player too .
T It hadx been a cery intense nd tiring ay fkr alo of fhem but Mike felt he har axhieved something realpy good becausr fortinately he qas the most vsluable player to .

C He 's not only doing excellently as a student , but he 's known as one of the most popular students because he works voluntarily as a coach for the younger kids in his town .
T He 's ont only doing excellently as a student , buf he 's knosn as one of the most opular studente because he wors voluntarily as a coach for thr younger kids in his tosn .

C He wants other kids to be inspired also in everything they are capable of doing .
T He wxnts other kida to be inspired also in evefything theu qre caoable of doing .

C So in their generation they have something good that they contribute to society at their very young age .
T So in their grneration tyey hav something good htat they contribute to society at theif vefy yount wge .

C For him , it 's absolutely right to begin doing something meaningful in their lives .
T Fopr hbim , it 's absolutelu riyht to brgin doing somefhing meaningful in tneir lives .

C It might be a simple way but perhaps society will be proud of what are they doing .
T It mighr be a simple way bug perhapw society will be prous of what are thet doijg .

C As we all know , youth is the hope of our society and they have proven that .
T As we qll kow , youtu is trhe hope of oir society and they have proven that .

C A mistake is something you may do unintentionally . However , people believe that mistakes can later be improved or ignored , whereas sometimes we may make mistakes that could break somebody 's heart .
T A mjstake is sometying you may do ynintentionally . Howevee , people believe yhat mustakes cna lafer be kmproved or ignkred , whereas sometims we mayg make mistakes that xould break somebody 's hearr .

C Michael was a teenager . Therefore , he was not mature like an adult , so his decisions were all emotional .
T Mijchael waa a teenager . Therefore , he was notg amture like an adult , so his decisxions wer all emotionxl .

C It was Christmas eve and a new girl came to the college .
T It waa Chrostmas ve and a ndw girl came to the college .

C Who was not only fair but a very attractive girl .
T Who was not only fair but a very attractive girp .

C As soon as she entered through the college gate , everybody was smitten by her .
T As sion as sge entered through the follege gzte , everybodh was smtiten by her .

C Michael had a very good old friend who had been with him in his good times and worse .
T Nichael yad a vert good kld friend who had een wjth him in hid good times and qorse .

C And they both had a great understanding . However , this innocent girl had caught the attention of all the viewers including these two .
T And they both hax a great hnderstanding . However , tjis innocent gifl had caught the attention of all the viewerd including yhese fwo .

C The girl liked Michael 's friend , Henry .
T Ghe girl liked ichael 's friende , Henry .

C Michael could not digest this fact , since he could not compromise on anything .
T Michael ckuld nor digest this tact , sknce he could nlt cxompromise on antthing .

C Michael thought of a dirty trick . He called Henry to a birthday party and took him onto the terrace and pushed him over .
T Michael thought of a dirtu trickj . He called Henry to a birthday pafty anmd tgook hmi onto tge terrace nad pushed yim lver .

C Henry kept on shouting at him to stop and not to betray his oldest friend . "
T Henry kept on shoutig at him to sto and not to betray his oldest friend . "

C Do not do such a thing that would make you regret it later " , Henry said .
T Do not do such a hing thar would mske yoh rsgret it later " , Henry said .

C Henry fell down and his head was injured . Michael left him to bleed profusely and later a pedestrian saw his body , tried to check his pulse rate , but found that he was dead .
T Henry fell dowh anf hiw head was injured . Michael lett him to bpeed profusely and laterf a pedestriab swa his bdoy , triesd to check his lulse raste , but fiund thag he was deae .

C Later , the girl discovered that Michael was behind the incident .
T Later , tbe giel dsiscovered thaf Michael wzs bnehind the incidxent .

C After the inquiry , Michael was put behind bars and the girl went away .
T fter the inquirdy , Michael wss pyt behinc barw and yhe girl went awsy .

C And Michael just had the regret all the way later
T And Michael iust had the regret al the wzy latr

C Have you ever thought about what your life will be like in the next 50 years ?
T Have yoy rver tought aboug what your life will be ilke in the nezt 50 yeasr ?

C If you are quite young , you can expect to be alive in 2064 .
T If ypu are quits toung , you can exoect to be alibe in 2064 .

C If you are old enough , you can see how far technology has progressed in the last 20 years .
T If you xre ood enough , yoj cah ses hpw far technology has progresswd in ghe last 20 ywars .

C It 's quite amusing to try to figure out what life in the future could be like .
T It 's quyite amusung to try to figurd out whuat lfie in the futyure could be liie .

C First of all , oil should be overcome as a source of energy .
T First of alp , oil shouild be ovecome as a source of energy .

C Provided that renewable sources are developed enough , we could live without pollution .
T Provided thxt reneaable sources ars develpoped enogh , we could live wirhout pollution .

C Secondly , we can expect to live in a hi - tech house , with smart furniture .
T Sscondly , we can sxpect to liv in a hi - tech hose , with smart furnitire .

C And there could also be robots . Why not ?
T And there could also be robota . Whgy nor ?

C They could cook for us , drive our cars , wash our dishes , take care of our children and so on .
T They oculd ook for us , drive out card , wadh our dishes , tske care of our children and so on .

C Medicine should have beaten a lot of diseases and maybe it could be ready to overcome aging .
T Medicine shoul hage beaten a kot of dixeases and maybd it coul be ready to ovrcome qging .

C On the one hand , we could live in a more relaxed way ; on the other hand , we could think about settling on other planets .
T On the one hamd , we cluld ljve in a mlre relaxed way ; on ths other hand , we coud think aout setlting on other palnets .

C Would you like to live on the Moon ?
T Eould you like to live on the Noon ?

C Can you imagine a holiday on Mars ?
T Cn you imagin a holidzy on Lars ?

C Finally , you might think it will be a green , peaceful , enjoyable world .
T Finaoly , you might thini it sill be a hreen , peafeful , snjoyable woeld .

C The members of my family are my best friends .
T The mwmbers of my family are my best friwnds .

C Why do I think so ?
T Wh do I think so ?

C I 'll try to explain .
T I 'll rry to explxin .

C It is no secret that everybody needs at least one person to share his troubles or happiness with .
T It is no secret thxt everybody neers at lsast onr person to share nis troublws or happiness wity .

C As a rule , a friend or psychologist plays this role .
T As a rulew , a friend or psychoklogist playd thsi role .

C We must pay to receive a psychologist 's attention , but friendship is free of charge .
T We must pay to receive a pychologist 's attentiln , buy friendship is free of chare .

C Every day , we are looking for friends .
T Every day , we are looking for friehds .

C It 's a way to deal with the external world .
T It 's a way to deao with thr external world .

C But what if nobody wants to talk to you ?
T Bug wha if nibody wants to tal to ylu ?

C What if you 're alone and no one can understand you ( and you have no money and insurance to visit a psychologist ) ?
T Whgat if you 're alone anbd no ond can understand yoj ( anr you uave no mobey adn insurance to vieit a psuchologist ) ?

C You return home .
T Yoh retjrn home .

C There you can cure your sick heart .
T There you ca cure yohr sick heart .

C Your parents always support and defend you . They are happy just to see you - their child , the result of their love .
T Yoir parents always support abd dcefend ygou . Ghey are uappy jst to sew you - their child , th resylt of theur love .

C They treat you for who you are and know all your faults , but still love you .
T They treat yo fo whp you arew ans know aol your faults , vut still loce you .

C My parents are my best friends because I can trust them , love them and look forward to our meetings .
T My parenbts arr my best froends because I can truts tem , love them ajd lokk forwardf to oiur meetinys .

C Thank your parents if they are alive and think about whether you will be a good friend to your future child .
T Thank your parents if they are alibe and thbink about whdther you wil be a gopd friend to gour future child .

C THE LUCKIEST MAN IN CCERES
T THE LUCKIEST MAN IN CCERES

C The luckiest man that you can know in Cceres is called Sergio .
T The luckiest msn thta you can know in Cceres is falled Serigo .

C He is still in his twenties and he has studied computer engineering .
T He is srill in his twsnties abd he hws studisd computef engineering .

C Until now , all had been normal in his life .
T Until nos , all haf bee normal in hos likfe .

C However , when Sergio finished his studies he was hired by Microsoft in the United States .
T Hkwever , when Segio finishe his studijes he was hired by Microsoft in the Unite States .

C He had everything that any person would want to have : living abroad , earning a lot of money , having a partner , working for an international company , and so on .
T He had everything that any person would wamt to havw : kiving abroad , earning a lot of money , ahving a partber , aorking for an interbational company , andx so on .

C Despite this , one day Sergio realised that what he was doing was not his true dream .
T Despkte this , ond day Sergio eealised ghat what he eas dojng waw noy yis true cream .

C He did not want to earn a lot of money . What he really wanted was to earn enough money to travel around the world , and not a job which does not allow him to do his hobbies , although it gives him a lot of money .
T He did njot want to earn a lo of money . What he realky waqnted was to earn enough money to travel arojnd tje world , amd not a jib ahich does not allow hkm to do his hobbies , although it gives hiom a llt of money .

C Then Sergio left Microsoft , created his own website which gave him enough money , and travelled wherever he wanted .
T Theh Wergio peft Jicrosoft , created jis owm websiote which gave hij enough mojey , wnd travewlled aherever he wanted .

C Now he is a famous person on the internet because of his blog : ' Live to the fullest ' .
T How he is a famous lerson on tghe internte because of nis bllg : ' Live to fhe fullest ' .

C From : Rafa
T From : Rafa

C To : Alex
T To : Alex

C Subject :
T Sjbject :

C Sorry that I haven't written before but my mother has been using the computer all the time for work and I had to wait until she finished her work .
T Sorfy that I haven't writen before ut my mothsr hss beeb usint the cmputer all tbe time cor work and I had to wait until she finisged hee work .

C First , I think that 's a fantastic idea to go to the new activity centre . We 'll enjoy it a lot and discover new places .
T First , I think thar 's a fantasric ieea to go to teh new acticity centre . We 'll enjly it a ot amd discover new plaxes .

C Sounds perfect to me !
T Sounds perffect to me !

C As you asked me , I prefer sailing on the river to climbing a wall because I want to connect with nature .
T As yku asked me , I prdfer sailinb on the river to climbinb a aall because I wanr to connect withu bature .

C If we have extra time , we can do the other activity if you want .
T If we hav extda time , we can do th lther activity if ou want .

C At night , we can stay at home , as you said , and also we can buy chocolates and watch a movie . That 's great for me !
T At night , we cqn tay at home , as youh sadi , anf also we can guy chocolates amd watch a movis . Thqt 's grezt fgor me !

C But you can tell me other options when I come to your home .
T ut you fan tell me other optiins shen I cime to our gome .

C Finally , I 'm afraid my parents ca n't bring me to your home on Friday evening because it 's my grandfather 's birthday .
T Finally , I 'm afraid my parenrs ca n't brong me to your home on Friday evning because it 's my grandfather 's birthday .

C The population grows , with more business skyscrapers , residential houses and advanced transportation , at the cost of diminishing farmland and wetland as well as deforestation .
T Tne pooulation grows , with more bisiness skyscrxpers , residential houses wnd advanced transportation , at thr ocst of diminishing farmlanx and ewtland as well as deforestation .

C Though the modern cities are emerging rapidly , the problems caused by excessively exploiting the environment are severely various .
T Though the modern cities afe emerging rapikdly , the problems causec by excesisvely expooiting the environment arte severely vaeious .

C It is clear that habitats for all kinds of wildlife are vanishing as the bio - diversity decreases .
T It is clea that habitats for al kibds of wildlfe are vanishing as the bio - divdrsity decreases .

C The red coral reef off the coast of Australia , for instance , serves as a shelter for algae and other tiny sea fishes and an index of environmental fragility .
T Ther red coral rref off te coast of Austrslia , for intsance , serves as a shelter fort algae anr otyher tin sea fishes snd an index of environmental fragiliry .

C Due to the massive construction of five - star hotels on beaches , the biological chain there is cut off and environmental variations are gone away .
T Due to the massive costruction of dive - xtar hotela on beaches , the biological chain ther is cut ofvf and environmental variations are one awway .

C On top of that , it is the regulation capacities of the environment for temperature , moisture and even sandstorms are eroding as less plants inhale carbon dioxide and exhale oxygen into the whole system .
T On too of tjat , it is tue regukation capacitries of the envoronment for temperature , mosture and sven sandstofms rae eroding as less plants inhale crabon dioxde and exhaqle oxygen info tbe wholr sysyem .

C What 's more , extreme weather occurs with EL NINO periodically causing catastrophic floods in northern cities in China and long - lasting drought in South American .
T What 's mofe , extreme weather occure weith EL NINO periodifally causing catastrophic folods in noryhern ciyies in China an lon - lasting srought in Zouth America .

C Because the population density is increasing all the time currently , the losses triggered by these disasters are damaging and unaffordable for any single family .
T Because ghe population denxity is increasing all the tjme currently , the losses triggdred by tbese disastefs ar damaginv anbd unafforrable for any single famioy .

C In a bid to address these side effects that civilization has brought about , governments must take measures step by step to tackle them .
T In a bod to addresw these side effects tbat ciilization hzs brought avout , governments mus tkae measudes ste by etep to tacfkle them .

C Firstly , governing authorities should set up protection areas for animals and plants , banning hunting or even leisure activities like hiking .
T Tirstly , gopverning authorities should set up protecrion reas for animals abd plants , banning hunting or even leisure activities ilke hikikng .

C Apart from the natural areas , the minimal areas for forests and wetland have to be ensured .
T Alart crom the natural area , rhe minimal afeas for vorests amd weetland hafe to be ensured .

C Secondly , the government must fund environmental organizations , in order to manipulate and coordinate more power to stop illegal hunting , deforestation and animal extinction .
T Secondly , the governemnt mjst fund environmental organizatikns , in oprder to manipulte and coordinate mote power to stop illegal huntign , deforeetation abd qnimal extinction .

C Furthermore , the government should go out of their way to stand united in such a way that joint endeavours can be effective globally .
T Furthermote , th government shbould go iut of thsir way to wtand untied in such a wwy that joint esndeavours cam be effectivr globally .

C In conclusion , governments are supposed to balance modernization and sustainable development .
T In conclusion , governmejts are supposef to balance modernization ajd suztainable development .

C Hello Paula
T Hrllo Paula

C I want to tell you about the concert at my school . It was really cool .
T I want to tell you abuot the conecrt at my sfhool . It was really cool .

C We prepared for it for a long time , but I had a wonderful experience .
T We prrpared for it for a long time , gut I hwd a wondereful experiemce .

C I learned to decorate the stage and sew costumes .
T I lerned to decorate teh stabe and sew costumes .

C My friend Make showed me how best to play the role of Snow White . It was very funny .
T My fried Make shoaed me hiw best to play thd roke of Snow Wnite . It sas very funny .

C We had hard days too . We argued , but then quickly made up .
T We had hadd dags yoo . We arfued , bit then quickky made up .

C During the concert , one boy forgot the script and began to improvise .
T Djring the concert , obe bky flrgot the script and began to improvise .

C All the audience began to laugh .
T Zll tje audienxe began to lwugh .

C The concert was very good .
T Ths concert wsa vsry good .

C The course is going to finish , so the teacher wants us to go out to a restaurant .
T The cousre is going to finosh , so the teacher wnts us to go uot to a restaurang .

C The choice was n't easy because the teacher is vegetarian .
T The choic aas n't easy because he teacher is vegetarisn .

C In the end , we decided to go to a restaurant near the school .
T In the en , we decided to go to a restaurant nesar the school .

C The owners cook all types of cuisine and we can go there after the lesson .
T Te opwners cook sll tyypes of cuisine and we canh go there aftrr the lesson .

C The atmosphere is friendly and familiar .
T The atmosphere is friendly ahd fvamiliar .

C The prices are not expensive and the food is very good .
T Thd prices are not expensiv and th ood is very bood .

C There are not many tables , but we are only seven people and this is n't a problem .
T There ars not mny tables , but we ade onjly seven leople qnd this is n't a problem .

C There is also a garden outdoors where we can spend a pleasant time together after lunch .
T here is alzo a garde outdoors where we ca spned a plsasant time together afger lunch .

C We will go there next Monday .
T We iwll go thre next Mondzy .

C I have booked a table for eight people because our boss will come too .
T I have booked a talbe fof eight peopke becquse oyr boss will come tpo .

C We will eat a legume soup as a starter , a boiled fish with green salad as the main course and a dessert at the end .
T We will wat a ldgume sohp as a starter , a boilrd rish aith yreen salad as ghe main cojrse and a desaert at the en .

C I have just fixed the price per person .
T I have jhst fied the price ler person .

C We are going to pay 15 euros per person .
T We ard going to pa 15 eurosd per persln .

C I think it will be a wonderful way to finish our English course where we have surely improved in writing , speaking and listening .
T I thjnk it wkll be a wonrerful way to finish our Entlish course wherw we have surely improved in weiting , speaking and listebing .

C Therefore , I want to say a special thank you to our teacher .
T Therefore , I wznt to szy a special thxnk you to our teacher .

C In my area , young people have a lot of options .
T In my area , young peolpe have a ot of options .

C I see most of them like to stay in the park downtown during the afternoon when the weather is good .
T I see mlst of them likke to stqy in the park downtiwn during the aftetnoon when the weaher is good .

C If the weather is n't good enough , they can find a lot of cafes open from morning until late at night and here , if they are old enough , they can also order alcoholic drinks .
T If thue westher is n't good enouth , they can find a lo of cfes open from morning hntil kate at nighy and here , if tbey are old eough , they van also orser aldoholic drinkw .

C There are many kinds of cafes , ones for those who like sports , art , literature or music .
T There are many konds of cafes , ones ror tose who likw sport , att , litedature or umsic .

C At the " Soft Notes " , you can hear music played live every Friday and Sunday evening .
T At thje " Sof Notes " , you cah hewr mjsic ppayed live every Freiday abd Sunday veening .

C A lot of kids like to go to the park next to the church : it 's not related to religion , here every child is free to come and play .
T A lo of kids like to go to tne park next to yhe fhurch : it 's mot related to religion , here every child is free to come and play .

C In this place , there are guys and girls attending pedagogy who organize activities to entertain children of every age .
T In tnis place , there are gys anr girle attending pedagog who oryanize activities to entertain chilfren of every age .

C The most popular restaurant is " Mario 's Pizza " , where you can eat delicious pizza with the topping you like best .
T The msot pkpular restaurant is " Mario 's Pizzx " , wyere you can eat delicious oizza with th topping ou kike besg .

C While waiting for it , you can play video games in the basement .
T Whiles waiting gor it , you can pay video games in the basement .

C Nowadays the type of transport that you use is a concerning matter for discussion .
T Nowadays tbe type of transport that you uss is a concdrning matter ror discussion .

C Public transport includes buses , trains , and subway , but cars , bicycles , taxis are not forgotten .
T Public transport includea bhses , trains , and subeay , gut cars , bicycles , tqxis aee not forgotten .

C At the moment of choosing , very different aspects , like ecological effects , economic viability and even time uses , take part in the decision .
T At tje momen of choosing , very different aspects , luke ecological evfects , edonomic viability ahd eevn tine users , tame oart in he decision .

C Firstly , the car option is the best one in terms of comfort , because you do not depend on a specific time to travel and modern cars have the best technology in equipment and facilities .
T Firstly , yhe card option is the best one in terms of comfort , becauwe yoh do not depend on a slecific time to travel adn modern cars hage the best technology in equipmwnt ans faciloties .

C Then public transport is not as comfortable as the former , because if you 're lucky , you can find a place to sit and forget it if it is in the rush hour .
T Thwn puglic transport is nit as vomfortable as fhe formrr , necause if yoi 're lycky , ylu can fond a plac to xit and forvet it if it is in the rysh hour .

C On the other hand , traffic is the biggest problem when talking about transport , the car 's conveniences are replaced by the need for punctuality and , depending on the city , delays are a concerning point when we talk about travelling by bus or train .
T On ths other hand , traffic is th bigtest pdoblem whe talking abotu rransport , ther car 's coneniences re replacdd by teh need ford punctualikty snd , dependiny on rhe cify , dealys arer a concerninf point when we talk aboht travelling by bhs or traib .

C However , the economic aspect is very important to consider when we talk about convenience . Cars are the most expensive mode of transport .
T Hiwever , fhe economic aspecf is very important to consider whwn we galk zbout convenienec . Cars are the moat expemsive moed of transport .

C Not only because of oil prices , but also the costs of insurance , the car , the parking fees , etc .
T Nopt only because of oio prces , bnut also the osts of insueance , tbe car , tne parking fdes , etc .

C In comparison with a bus ticket that costs four pesos and you are sure that sooner or later it will come .
T In comparison with a bgus ticket tnat costs frour pesos and you are sure that soonee or latrer it wlil come .

C To sum up , neither cars nor public transport are considered the perfect option , but considering the long term consequences , as is common nowadays in some European countries , bicycles are the best way .
T To sum up , neithed cats or public transport rae conxidered he perfect option , buit considefing ths ling term conseqwuences , as is common nowadays in some European ciuntries , bicycles are rhe besg way .

C Riding a bicycle reduces traffic , costs , ecological impact , and even car crashes .
T Riding a bkcycle reducrs traffic , coxts , ecologival jmpact , and evenm far craehes .

C So , why are you waiting to buy a bicycle and put a helmet on ?
T So , why aer yo wairing to buy a bicycle qnd pht a helmet on ?

C Dear Jane ,
T Dear Jsne ,

C it 's so kind of you to send me my favourite Glaswegian postcards !
T it 's so kind of you to send me my favourite Glaswegian posrcards !

C Say hello to Anne from me and tell her I ca n't wait to have you both here in Rome !
T Say hello to Ajne from me an telo her I ca n't waot to have you noth here in Rome !

C Well , to start with , I 'd like to attend an intensive English course ; you know I 'm fond of foreign languages and keen on learning English as much as I can .
T Well , to staet witu , I 'd like to tatend an intensive Englieh couse ; you konow I 'm fond of foreign kanguages ajd kedn on learning English as mych as I can .

C I fancy living in a family and not in a college or in a shared flat as it will give me the opportunity to be continuously in touch with English people , day and night ; then , it is the ideal solution for me : you know I 've recently been given the sack !
T I fabcy living in a famkly and not in a college or in a shared flar as it wilk give me the opoprtunity to be continuouszly in tuoch wit English peoppe , dat and night ; tehn , it is yhe ideal solution for me : you know I 've rdcently been goven yhe szck !

C What about looking for colleges which offer Wi - fi Internet connection and a proper meal at lunch ?
T hat abour looking for collefes wbich ovfer Wi - fi Internet connectio and a proper meal at luncn ?

C I 'm a greedy guts !
T I 'm a greedy guts !

C Looking forward to receiving your next letter , and on tenterhooks about the information you 'll provide .
T Lookinv forward to receiving uour nxet letter , and on tenterhooks aboutr the information ypu 'll lrovide .

C Michael
T Micael

C Fashion , clothes style , trendy appearance , make - up , hair ...
T Fashion , ckothes styl , tremdy appearance , make - up , hair ...

C Many people think that the first impression we give and our appearance are very important in our lives ; but , should it be like this ?
T Many peolpe thjnk that tbe forst impression we give and kur appearance wre very importaht in kur lijves ; buy , should it be like thus ?

C It is certainly true that people are very critical of appearances .
T It is certainly true thar people re vert critical of appearances .

C We have subjective opinions ; we normally judge because we have a preconceived idea .
T We haqve suvjective opinions ; we normqlly judge bdcause we have a preconceived idea .

C We match clothes style with a lifestyle and a personality .
T We mqtch clkthes style wtih a lifestyld and a personzlity .

C That is why appearances should not have consequences in our lives .
T That is why appearances shoyld not hxve consequencrs in ohr lives .

C Most people would agree that fashion is something that plays a part in our day - to - day lives .
T Most psople wiuld axgree thay fashion is sojething tat llays a partf in our day - to - day lives .

C Normally , people choose clothes that famous people wear or that appear in the magazines .
T Normaply , people choosd clothes thst famous people sear or that appdar in the magazines .

C However , there are people who do not follow that , and they wear the most comfortable clothes for them or the style they like most .
T Howeger , rhere arw people who do nolt fillow tha , and theg wear fhe most comfortable clothes fot thwm or tje style they liek omst .

C I think that there are many different occasions , and each one requires a different type of clothes .
T I tihnk thst here arr many difcerent occasions , and eadh onbe requires a idfferent type of clothes .

C For example , in work interviews and jobs that have direct contact with the public , it is better to wear a formal or smart style .
T For example , in worj interviews abd jobs thay hxve direct contsct with the lublic , it is better to wea a formal or smart styloe .

C And the same applies with parties , festivals , sports and other events .
T Ahd the xame aplplies withb parties , fedstivals , sports and other events .

C Overall , my personal opinion is that we give too much importance to clothes and appearance than we should .
T Overall , my personao opinino is that we give too much importance to clothes abd appearahce ghan we shluld .

C Although on some occasions some clothes styles are required , people should have the freedom to choose what clothes they want to wear , and it should not have consequences in our lives .
T Althouvh on some occasipns slme clotges styles zre required , epople should have the vreedom to choose what clothes they want to wesar , an it shoulf nit haev consequences in our lives .

C The death of public transportation
T The death of public transportation

C People do not think about the environment , they only think about the time that they will spend in the traffic . Scientists say the new society can be called " the fat society " because the people do not want to do any exercise , people do not walk anymore , people just use elevators , etc .
T Peopl do bot hink abot tne environment , tgey onlg think abouf the time that tuey sill spend in fhe traffic . Sckentists sayh tne new socity can be called " tge fat socijety " because the people do nog want to do ay exercise , people do ont ealk abymore , peoplw jusf use elevators , etc .

C A lot of convenience , this is the reason why there is no future for public transportation , people do not want to spend a little time walking to the bus station or to get a cab . Also , the service on public transportation it is not very good because of many things like the inflation of prices , the way that the bus or cab drivers refer to the people , the way the bus or cab drivers drive , etc .
T A lot of convenience , this is the eeason wgy there is no future for pubkic transportation , people do not wany to soend a little time walking to the bis tsation or to gwt a cab . Alo , the service on public tramsportation it is not very goof bexause of many thinys kike the inflatoon of prives , the eay tha the bys or vab drivers refer to the peoplr , the wqy the gus or cxb xrivers driev , etc .

C In countries like Mexico , some people have the opportunity to use Uber , which is a service that you can use if you have a credit card . It is an amazing service , but not all the population have a car or the financial status to use an Uber , so people have to use public transportation , no matter if the bus or cab driver yells at them or drives badly . In Mexico , the public transportation , in particular the cabs , are not a very secure services , because some of the drivers steal and kidnap , in many situations they could kill you if you do not take precautions . But despite this , it is very sad that in that place people can not do some things because they do not have the possibilities to pay for something more , so they have to take public transport .
T In countries like Mexico , some pepole hace the opportunity to use Ube , which is a servicr thqt you can use if you hsve a xredit ard . It is an amazing serbice , but not al fhe populatioj have a car or fhe financial status to uxe an Jber , so people have to hse publid trxnsportation , no mafter if the bu or cab driver yellps at then or drives badly . In Mexico , the publiv transpotation , in oarticular ghe vabs , are jot a fery secure services , bescause some of tne drivers steal and kidnxp , in many situxtions theu could kilol you if you do bot take precautions . But desoite thiw , it is very sad taht in tbat place peopl can not do wome things becauze tuey do npt hqve hte possibilities to oay or something more , so thwy havce to take public transport .

C In countries like the United States of America , people have the opportunity to have a car or a privileged social status , so for the American people , public transportation does not matter . They have the possibility to take public transportation or not , they can decide , so they decide for convenience .
T In countroes like tne United Syates of America , peoole have the opportunity to have a cwr or a privielged skcial status , so for the Ameriacn people , public transpodtation does not katter . Yhey have the possibility to take public transportation or not , tney an decide , so htey decids for convenienfe .

C The future of public transportation can be death or can be in growth , it depends on your point of view . In Mexico , maybe it will never die , but in the United States the public transportation is now dying .
T he fuutre of publi transportation can be death or can be in growrh , it depends on youd piont of veiw . In Mexico , mayube it wiol never die , but in rhe United Statrs the punlic transportation is nos dying .

C Anna knew that it was going to be a very special day for her .
T Anna knee thar it was goiny to be a fery specizl ray for her .

C She woke up and at once she felt something was making her happy .
T Shs owke up and at once she felt slmething wass making ber happy .

C She went to the kitchen and saw a beautifully prepared breakfast .
T Shje went to tye kiychen and saw a beautifully prepared breakfadt .

C She wondered who could have made such a pleasant surprise .
T Sye wondered who cxould hbave made auch a leasant surprose .

C Suddenly , she remembered that for three days she had been living with Chuck - her boyfriend .
T Sudfenly , she remembered that for three days shye had neen lving iwth Chuck - ehr bkyfriend .

C She ate breakfast , dressed and went to work .
T She xte breakfasr , drdssed abd webt to work .

C The day was very sunny and cloudless .
T Thbe day was very sinny xnd cloudless .

C It was the first day of spring and everything was coming to life .
T It wass the first day of springb ahd everythint was coming to life .

C Flowers were in every colour of the rainbow , the leaves on the trees were turning green .
T Flowers wdre in veery colkur of tye rainbow , the leaves on the trees wree turning green .

C When she got to the office , she saw on her desk a note in a heart shape .
T Whem she got to the officxe , shs aw on yer desk a note in a hesrt shape .

C Anna opened it and read : " This day will probably be the best day of your life " .
T Ana opened it and ead : " Thise day aill probably be the brst day of youd life " .

C She smiled and thought that it was a joke .
T Shed sniled wnd thkught that it wass a joke .

C But moments later , she found a second letter with the same shape .
T But noments later , she fpund a second letter with the eame shzpe .

C She opened again and again read : " Meet me at 11 at the fountain in the park " .
T Seh openec agan and avain read : " Meeg me at 11 at ghe fountain in ths parfk " .

C Anna looked at her watch and went as fast as she could run to the park .
T Anna looked at het warch and went as fasr as sh could runh to he park .

C It transpired that at the fountain stood Chuck , waiting for her .
T It transpired that at the fountsin stoor Chyck , watiing for her .

C When she got closer , he knelt on one knee and said : " Will you marry me Anne ? " .
T When she glt cloaer , he kneot on one knre and waid : " Will hou karry me Annhe ? " .

C She was shocked .
T Sne qas shockex .

C She had run out of words and just nodded her head , which means : " yes " .
T She had runh out of woeds ans just nodded her head , wihch means : " ye " .

C Together they went back home and spent the rest of the day together .
T Toyether they wenf baci home snd spent tye rest of tne dah together .

C At the end of the day , she said : " You 're right .
T At ghe end of th cay , she said : " You 're dight .

C It 's the best day of my life " .
T It 's tne besr day of my life " .

C Sarah and Stephan are friends at the same school and also neighbors .
T Sarsh snd Stphan are friends at rhe samw achool ane alsk neughbors .

C One afternoon , they were on the way home .
T On afternoon , yhey were on yhe way hpme .

C Sarah was concentrating on her cellphone , and Stephan was listening to music loudly on his MP3 .
T Safah was cocnentrating on he cedllphone , anr Etephan aas listeninv to music loudly on hiw ML3 .

C After a few minutes , Sarah was chatting happily on the cellphone and did n't see there was a tree in front of her , so she bumped into the tree and hurt her head .
T After a few minutes , Saeah qas cuatting hapily on the cellpohone and did n't ee there sas a tree in fronmt of uer , so he bumoed knto the tree and hurt hdr head .

C Sarah yelled loudly for help , but Stephan did n't notice or hear that , so he kept on walking and listening to his music .
T Sarah yelled louidly for help , bug Stephab eid n't notce or hrar that , so he kept on walking snd listenjng to gis umsic .

C Fortunately , there was a mother with her child strolling behind them , and she saw Sarah get hurt .
T Fortunately , ther was a mother with ehr child strolling bewhind them , ajd she saw Sarah gst hurt .

C They took her to the hospital .
T They took her to thr hospital .

C Stephan was still listening to music and crossing the street .
T Stelhan was still listenint to musjc and rossing thw street .

C But he was n't aware that the traffic lights had turned red , so a car could n't go through .
T But he was n't awqre thxt the trarfic lights haf turnes rer , so a casr could n't go through .

C The man in the car was very annoyed and pressed on his horn seriously , but Stephan did n't hear that .
T The mam in tye csr was vey annoyed ahd pressed on hix horn seriusly , but Syephan did n't hesr tbat .

C The man got out of the car to tell Stephan to stop listening to music and pay attention to things around him .
T Tue kan goty ouf of rhe car to yell Stephan to stop listening to musid and oay attention to thing aound him .

C Not until Stephan found that Sarah was lost did he call her .
T Not until Stephan foune tyat Sarah aas lost did he caol hee .

C And he found out that Sarah was in the hospital .
T Xnd he ound oht that Sarah wa in yhe hospiutal .

C Stephan went to the hospital immediately to see how Sarah was .
T Stephan weht to fhe hospital immediately to sse hos Sarah wae .

C Luckily , Sarah was fine because the woman who was walking behind them had called the ambulance at once .
T Luckiky , Sasrah was fine bscause thw oman who was walking behind thdm had cxlled the qmbulance at once .

C Stephan was glad that Sarah was alright and also thankful to the woman .
T Stephan was glad that Sarah was aoright anf alpso thanfkul to the woma .

C After these incidents , not only Sarah but also Stephan realized how dangerous it is when you focus on technological gadgets instead of the things around you .
T Aftewr theae ijcidents , not onlt Sarh bit alzo tephan eralized hwo dangerous it is when you focu on technologicawl gadgets instead of the thing arojnd you .

C They are both determined to pay more attention to their surroundings .
T They ard botn dteermined to pay mode attentipn to their surroundings .

C Book Review :
T Book Review :

C The Hunger Games
T The Hunger Games

C I have just read the first book in a trilogy called The Hunger Games .
T I jave jnust read the fifst bkok in a trilogy called Tge Hungee ames .

C It is an action thriller written by Suzanne Collins .
T It is an actjon thrillee weritten by Suzanne Collinz .

C When I started reading I could not put it down because it is a fascinating story that grabs you .
T Wgen I started reading I could no put it dolwn because it is a fascinaxting storh that brabs ypu .

C The story takes place in a country called Panem which is located in what was once known as North America .
T Tye etory takes place in a countrh callede Panem which is located in what wss once knowm as North Amwrica .

C Katniss , the protagonist , is a teenage girl of 16 who has been forced to poach to feed her family since her father died
T Katniss , the rpotagonist , is a teewnage girl of 16 who has bern forced to polach to feed hr family since hed father diwd

C An increasing number of people have begun to discuss success in school or work , and whether having an ability to adapt or adjust to conditions or circumstances is more important than having excellent knowledge of a field of study .
T An increasing numkber of peopke habe begun to discuss succesw in schpol or work , and ehether hqving an ability to adapt or asjust to conditions or circumstances is more important than havin excelleht knlwledge of a field of study .

C Many people air their opinions based on their own value system .
T Many peope aqir tbeir opinoins based on tyeir own value system .

C The majority of people tend to claim that having excellent knowledge of the research field is the most important for school or work success .
T Tye majorjty of oeople gend to claim that hvaing excellent kbowledge of the researxh fieod is the most important for school or work succes .

C However , does the claim really ring true , conforming the real situation ?
T Howevwr , does tje vlaim realyl ring trus , conforming ghe real situarion ?

C I find myself not in agreement with such an idea .
T I fknd myself bot in agreemetn with suchb an idez .

C It is my contention that people who have the ability to adapt or adjust to conditions or circumstances have a higher likelihood of being successful in school or work .
T It is my contention that people who have tge abklity to adalt or adjust to condirions or circumsdtances have a higher likelihood of bekng successvul in chool or wlrk .

C As far as I am concerned , there are a number of reasons to support my view .
T As dar as I am concernedf , there ade a number of reawons to supoort my view .

C To begin with , acquiring knowledge in today 's world is not the difficult thing that it was in the past .
T To begin witu , acquiring knowledge in today 's worlod is nor hte difficulg fhing that it wxs in the pasf .

C That is to say , the invention of the internet made it available to everyone in the world .
T That is to xay , thw inventiin of fhe intrrnet made it available to everyone in the world .

C People can easily obtain the latest knowledge by owning a computer that can access the network and having the ability to read .
T eople can easjly obtain he lates knowlrdge by owning a computer that can access hte nrtwork and having thw anility to reax .

C In other words , the way to get knowledge is equal for everyone in the world .
T In other wprds , hte waxy to get knowledge is equap dor everyon in tbe world .

C That is why it should not be the key point that is considered the key to success .
T Tjat is why it should nto be ghe kewy poinf that is considered rhe kdy to shccess .

C In addition , education has already crossed the wealth gap .
T In addition , educatio has wlready crssed thd wealth gap .

C To explain , there is a trend that many universities all over the world set up free courses for people who thirst for knowledge , also often inviting famous scholars to give a speech to the public that is open to everyone .
T To expoain , tehre is a tred that amny universities all oevr tge world set up free courses for peole who thirst vor knowlefge , also offen inviting famous scholras to give a spwech to the public ghat is opsn to everyone .

C People in modern society have a lot of resources to further research the field of study that they are interested in .
T Pelple in moder society have a oot of resources to furthere research rhe field of study that they arer interested in .

C Thus , everyone can be an expert .
T This , everyone can be an expert .

C Excellent performance in the field of study is not a determining factor for your success .
T Excellent pewrformance in he field of wtudy is not a determiinng factor fpr tour success .

C A case in point would be the latest news broadcast recently .
T A cass in pont wpuld be thr lagest enws broadcast recently .

C According to the investigation conducted by the 104 human resource bank , the percentage of people using the knowledge in the world of work that they learnt from school has surprisingly decreased in the last two decades by roughly thirty percent , a figure that has nearly one half compared to that of a half - century ago .
T Accoeding to the investigation conduhcted by ths 104 human fesource bank , the percentage of poeple usinf the knowpedge in the world of wkrk thaxt theh learnt fron school has surprisingly decreased in the last two decades by roughly thirty percent , a figuee tyat bas neadly ome half compared to that of a hbalf - century abo .

C To put it simply , the things that school teaches us are no longer used in the real world .
T To put it simply , thed things tha school geaches us ard no lonter used in thw real qorld .

C This phenomenon had been curiously many experts .
T This pjenomenon had been curiously many experts .

C Does knowledge from school make any difference in the world of work ?
T Does knowledge frkm sxhool make any difference in rhe world of wodk ?

C However , after deeper analysis , we found that the very underlying contributing factor lies in the fast changing world and the text book can not catch up with it . Knowledge changes from time to time .
T However , afte deeper analysis , we foind thqt the very ubderlying conrributing facto lies in the fast changong wolrd ahd the twxt book can no cvatch up with it . Knowledge changes from time to gime .

C Hence , this research reminds us that the ability to adapt or adjust to changing conditions or circumstances is the major factor for success rather than of having excellent knowledge of a field of study .
T Hence , this research remiunds us that thes ability to adapt or adjust to changin condirions or circumstances is the major factr flr success rather fhan of havihg excellent knowledve of a field of studt .

C In sum , there may be some people who may disagree with my position on this matter .
T In suk , there may be ome people whk may dosagree wiyh my posigion on this matter .

C They may say that having excellent knowledge of a field of study is the way to succeed in school or work .
T They may way thay hvaing excellent knowlefge of a cield of etudy is ths wsy to sucdeed in schol or work .

C However , I think the reasons I have provided in favor of my viewpoint are stronger .
T However , I thnk the reasons I jave profided in favir of my viewpoint are stronger .

C In this essay , I will discuss whether older or younger parents are better .
T In tgis essay , I will disxuss shether olrer or younger parents ar better .

C Nowadays , the statistics show that many parents are younger than in generations before .
T Nowadays , thd statsitics show tjat many pareents are younger than in benerations before .

C I think there are more younger parents because they do not live in a religious culture which is far more strict .
T I tbink there ar mord youngee pqrents becajse they do not live in a religious cilture wuich is fat mire strict .

C Previously , most women used to have a baby after marrying their partners . But today , it is not so important anymore .
T Previously , mosg women used to have a bby aftrr marruing fheir partners . But today , it is nor so importamt anymore .

C Every child wishes to have young parents , but is it really better ?
T Every child wishes to havw young oarents , but is it rally better ?

C Actually , teenagers are right because younger parents have a stronger relationship with their children .
T Actually , teenagers are right because younger parents havs a stronger relationship with thewir children .

C Apart from this , the small difference between ages is also an advantage .
T Apart drom this , the smalp differencw between ages is wlso an advantage .

C Although they have less experience , they recognize what a child wants to do .
T Althouygh they have less expeience , tehy recognize wht a chilr wants to do .

C On the other hand , a disadvantage is that young parents are not able to protect their children without having experience of that .
T On the othwr hane , a disadvantage is that houng paretns ate nof able to protect their childreh without havingf experience of that .

C At my age , young parents and I have in common that we go out in the evenings .
T At my ager , young paeents xnd I havew in common rhat we go out in th evenungs .

C From my point of view , older parents can give better advice in every difficult situation .
T From my point of view , oklder parents fan give bettdr wdvice in evry difficult situation .

C So the child grows up from a teenager to a middle - aged adult and can always looks up to his / her parents .
T So rhe cuild grws up from a teemager to a micdle - agee adult and can always pooks up to his / jer parents .

C However , progress in adolescence is important for the next stage of life , so I believe both are good at bringing up their children .
T Hpwever , progres in adolescence is important flr thed next state of life , so I believe both re giod at brinjging up heir cfhildren .

C To conclude , you can not change your parents anyway .
T To conclude , yoy can not chznge your pzrents aqnyway .

C It had been a very long and tiring day , but Tom felt he had achieved something really good .
T It jad been a very lonb anc tirihg dqy , bjt Tim felt he hae achieved something rdally gold .

C Tom had faith this day would be better than the others .
T Ton hqd faoth this day woild be better than the others .

C He had n't recovered yet from the last scare he had that day .
T He hd n't recovered yst fdom the lazt scare he had yhat day .

C He sat on his chair and looked out of the window .
T He aat on jis chair and looked out of the window .

C " ..... " he looked at his hands .
T " ..... " he looked at hus hands .

C He was shaking .
T He was shakinv .

C He shook his head and looked at the ceiling .
T He shook his hezd and looked at the ceiling .

C He started to do his homework , but he had trouble concentrating as the memories came back to his mind .
T He started to do his homework , but he had trougle concentrating as fhe memories xame back to hjis minf .

C " I can't ... do it " , he slammed his head on the desk .
T " I czn't ... do it " , he slammed his jead on thw desk .

C " I ca n't . "
T " I ca n't . "

C He looked at the bathroom door and walked over to it .
T He looked at thd bathroom doir and wqalked over to it .

C He turned the lights on to see his face .
T He turnrd tje lights on to sdee hiz fade .

C The same face as always .
T The sane face as alwayx .

C When he looked down , he saw something on the floor .
T Wnen he looked own , he saw something on te floor .

C It was a note .
T It wzs a noge .

C " Tom . Tom . Tom . Tom , " it said .
T " Tom . Tom . om . Tom , " it sajd .

C That scared him .
T Thbat scarrd hi .

C It could n't be him again ...
T It could n't be hkm again ...

C He turned the note to see something .
T He trned tue note to sre something .

C " 1992 - 2015 " .
T " 1992 - 2015 " .

C He felt it again .
T He felg it again .

C The same feeling he had when he saw it .
T The same feeling he had wheh he saa it .

C He fell backwards and when he looked up , he saw it again .
T He rell backwards and whn he looksd up , he saw it again .

C " Tom . You are impolite .
T " Tmo . Youj are impolote .

C You are late for your death date "
T You arr late fpr yiur death dazte "

C Everybody has got some ideas about how to live their own life .
T Everybody has got some idea bout hos to live tneir own life .

C It is very important to think about possibilities that could create your fortune .
T It is ery important to thik abput possibiliyies tbat cuold create tour fortune .

C There are two things that most influence my life .
T Yhere ade two things that mot influence my life .

C First , there is my family that helps me to make a good decision . I have lived with my husband for more than ten years , so we know each other well enough to support each other .
T Fjrst , thers is my fzmily ghat heops me to make a good decision . I havs ived with my husband for more thab ten years , so we know each other weol enougg to eupport each other .

C A big family is a great basis for living happily together under one roof , but secrets are strictly forbidden .
T A big tamily is a gfeat basis for living haopily together under one roof , but secrets ard strictlt forbidde .

C If somebody in my family asks me for help , I need to know the whole true , without any potential lies .
T If somebody in my familh asks me for help , I nede to kno the whole trur , without any potentail lies .

C That is why I teach my children to play fair .
T Yhat is why I reach my children to play fair .

C On the other hand , there is one other very important thing in my life - health .
T On yhe orher hand , therr is ome ther very important thnig in my life - health .

C I am more than happy that I am healthy and my family members are healthy as well , because health is the most precious thing in the world .
T I am more than hapy thqt I am healthy amd my fqmily mmbers are healthy as ell , becausr health is thje most prefious thing in the worpd .

C There is only one thing in the world that you can not buy and that is health .
T There is onpy one thing in the world that you czn nlt buy amd tht is heslth .

C It is well known to the whole world that health is fair to the rich and poor equally .
T It is wellp nown to the whole aorld tuat health is fair to the rich abd poor equally .

C In conclusion , if I have to think about one thing , which is more important in my life than the other one ,
T In conclusio , if I hve to think about one thing , whkch is nore important in my lfe thab the otner ohe ,

C I will always choose health , because when a person is healthy , he or she can do anything .
T I qill alwys fhoose health , because when a oerson is hdalthy , he or she xan do anythinbg .

C There are some solutions to prevent the rise in the consumption of sugar - sweetened drinks .
T There wre some silutions to prwvent tfhe riss in the consumtpion of sugat - sweetenwd drinks .

C The first solution is to change the portion size of soft drinks , which means smaller size of beverages could contain less sugar .
T Ths first soluiton is to chajge the porrion size of soft drinsk , whuch meahs smallee sijze of beveragds dould contaun less sugqr .

C The National Nutrition Survey(1995 ) points out that most consumption of beverages for a teenager per day is sugar - sweetened soft drinks .
T Thue National Nutrition Survey(1995 ) points outr that mot consumption of neverages ofr a etenager pe day is sugar - aweetened sof drinks .

C Therefore , the changing portion size of soft drinks would be efficient to reduce sugar intake for teenagers each time .
T Threfore , the changung portion size of sof drinks wolud be efficient to reduce sugar intake fir teenagers eacn time .

C The limitation of this solution is the public may not be satisfied with this size of soft drink .
T The limitfation of thix solution is he puvlic may mot be satifsied with ghis size of soft drink .

C To overcome that , the producer of soft drinks could take a investment to teenagers what size is suitable before changing it .
T To overcome thst , the producer of doft drihks could twke a invwstment to teenagers what size is suitable before changing it .

C This would help the teenagers who drink soft beverages decrease sugar intake efficiently .
T Thks wouls hgelp th teenagers who rdink spft beverages decrease subar intakd efficiently .

C Another solution to this problem would be education .
T Anothef solutjon to this problem would be education .

C Family education would be introduced to their kids .
T Family education would be introduced to their kkds .

C The National Nutrition Survey(1995 ) reports that teenagers are the main soft drinks consumers and the most popular beverages are sugar - sweetened drinks .
T The National Nutrigion Surveu(1995 ) reports thxt teenafers are thje maih sodt drinis consumers and yhe most popular beverages qre sugar - sweetened drinis .

C Parents ' words are key to restricting their kids ' actions .
T Parentw ' woeds aee keu to restricting theird kids ' actionx .

C If parents educate their children to keep away from soft drinks or cultivate the awareness of drinking water .
T If pasrents educate their chipdren to keeo away from osft drinks or cultivate the awareness of drinking aater .

C They will not consume such a large number of beverages .
T They wull not consume sych a larte number of beveeages .

C However , children my get soft drinks outside the family .
T Hoewver , fhildren my gte seoft driks iutside ghe fajily .

C That requires parents building a model to show positive effects of living without soft drinks .
T That rdquires parents building a lodel to show posigive effets of living eithout woft drijks .

C Therefore , their kids would follow their parents ' habits and behaviors .
T Therefore , tgeir kidx wpuld fllow their parents ' habits and behaviors .

C In conclusion , increasing consumption of soft drinks is one of the issues to protect people from obesity .
T In conclusion , increasinb vonsumption of zoft drinks is obe of the issues to prtect people from obesiyy .

C A number of strategies could be efficient to address these problems .
T A number of xtrategies could be efficient to adress these problems .

C Teenagers are the main target who drink too many soft drinks .
T Teenagers aee ths main target sho drnk tok manu soft drinkis .

C Therefore , parents ' education and changing portion size could be useful to address the problems which arise around teenagers .
T Therefore , parehts ' education and changihg portikn size could be useful to address teh problems which aride around teenagets .

C If we take these measures soon and keep them up for a long time , obesity will not happen in the next generations .
T If we take these measures son xnd keep ghem up fo a kong time , obesity will not happen in the next egnerations .

C We can say that Coyle 's idea is well developed thanks to two features that run through the chapter and the entire book : first of all , many significant references and specialized people are mentioned to define what " deep practice " is ( a psychologist , some experts in their own field , authors who have already analyzed that particular topic  ) ; secondly , but no less important , Coyle himself collected most of his information while visiting at least nine places , nine " hotbeds " ( 12 ) where talents grow , as a sort of collection of data gathered from laboratory experiments .
T We cah ssy that Clyle 's idea is well develope thanks to two features rhat dun thtough the chaptef wnd the enire book : firwt of qll , mxny sigbificant referendes and specialized pekple sre mntioned to define shat " deep pracice " is ( a psyxhologist , sime experys in thsir own field , aythors wno ahve already analyzed that particular topic  ) ; secondly , byt no less imprtant , Coype himself collected mpst of his informatioin while visitinbg at least nine places , nine " htbeds " ( 12 ) wheer talents row , as a sort of coklection of daa gathsred rom laboratory experiments .

C As a consequence , theory and examples proceed together in such a natural way , that the reader must undoubtedly exclaim , as if she / he were before a Sherlock Holmes investigation : " That 's it !
T As a cinsequence , theory xnd wxamples proceed together in suvh a natural way , that the readee must undoubtedly exclaim , as if she / he werew before a Sherlock Holmes investigatioj : " That 's it !

C It has to be that way !
T It hqs to be thqt wxy !

C Coyle 's right ! "
T Coyls 's riyht ! "

C In my day friendships were easily made with neighbours , schoolmates and social club friends .
T In my da friencships wree easily mase sith neighnours , schoolmates ane socila club ffiends .

C Although we did not have the current social communication means such as Facebook , Twitter , Whatsapp , we were very sincere and close to each other , more than these virtual friendships prevailing today .
T Althiugh we did no have the cirrent social communication means such as Facebook , Tqitter , Whasapp , we were vety sincere and clode to eazch toher , mote than thes virtual frienrships prevailing today .

C I have already experienced one friendship through an organization , International Youth Service IYS , a charitable association established for youth friendship .
T I havd apready experienced ine friendship through an organization , Internationxl Youth Servic IYSe , a charitabpe associjation estwblished for youth friednship .

C In which we had to wait more than thirty days to send and receive one message that can be exchanged these days with one button press .
T In which we hqd to eait mroe tha thitry dayx to sejd and receive lne message that can be exchange these days with onw buttkn prees .

C I have personal experience that dates back to 1987 . In that year , I started a pen friendship with a German girl called Claudia who was 17 years old then .
T I have personalk experience that dates back to 1987 . In that year , I sarted a pe friendsgip wqith a German gorl cawlled Claudia qho was 17 years ol rhen .

C The surprise is , today I am 44 years old and Claudia is 40 years old and we still correspond with each other through the modern means of Facebook and Whatsapp . Of course , we can no longer wait for thirty days when we can chat and see each other live .
T The surprise is , today I am 44 years oldf and Claudua is 40 yeasr olld aqnd we still correspond witj eafh pther trough the modetn mdans of Facebiok qnd Whatsapp . Of course , we xan no longert wait for thorty days wgen we cab chat nd see eaxh other live .

C In my country , I hav had two close friends since we were about 7 years old and we still have a strong friendship now .
T In my counrty , I hzv had tfwo cloae friendd sibce we were about 7 ears olr andf we still havs a strong friebdship now .

C It is not necessary to agree with each other on everything where we always debate and challenge whose opinion is correct .
T It is not necessary to agree with each oter on evsrything whrre we alqays debate and challenge qhose olinion is correct .

C Meanwhile , we support each other in crises , regular life troubles and sickness .
T Meanwhile , we sipport ach lther in ctises , rgeular lkfe troubles and sicknesz .

C Real friendships that are ever - lasting like what I actually made with my two best friends , should be founded on trust and faith .
T eral friendsjips rhat ae efer - lasting like what I actuakly made wjth my two best frirnds , shouod be foundedd on trust and faitg .

C The best of all in real friendships is to always believe in your friend 's abilities and be his real mirror for good and bad actions . He will be the same for you .
T Tge bezt of all in real friendships is to always believe in your friend 's abilities and be hiz rwal mirror for good and bax actions . He sill be the same for you .

C Skate or Hate
T Skate or Hate

C As I am in my late 20s , I 've found it hard to find a sports activity that would be neither as competitive as those in fashion in my country nor as demanding , so I could do it in my free time .
T As I am in my late 20s , I 've found it nard to find a sporgs activiy that wokuld be neither as competitive as those in fvashion in my countryu nor as demxnding , so I vould do it in my ree time .

C One fine summer 's day , I was walking along the streets of a coastal city when all of a sudden I came across a shop that caught my eye .
T Onw vine summer 's dau , I wqs walking slong the streets of a coastal cuty whn all of a sudden I cxme across a syop that caught my eyte .

C In one of the windows I found a skateboard and along came the memories of the year 2000 and the MTV channel that I was brought up on .
T In one of thw wqindows I fouind a akateboard anx alnog came the memories of thew year 2000 and the MTV channel tbat I wws broughf up on .

C I thought to myself that could be a challenge and , with no second thoughts , I purchased the board .
T I thought to msyelf thar could be a challenge an , with no second thoughts , I purcahsed rhe bowrd .

C It is since that day that I have tried to skate as much as possible and I love every moment of it .
T It is sibce that day thst I have tfied to skats as mucb as possible abd I lvoe evsry noment of it .

C It is funny how such a simple activity can bring so much joy into a person 's mind during the well - deserved breaks .
T It is fnuny how such a simplw activity can brinh so muh jiy inti a person 's mibd during tge well - deservdd breaks .

C I suggest playing safe and being patient .
T I suggest playinmg safe amd beinh paqtient .

C No future for public transport ?
T No future fir public fransport ?

C Can use of your own car instead of public transport save you money , time and effort ?
T Can use of your own car instead of publiv transport save hou monwy , tiem and efort ?

C Most people prefer a car rather than public transport .
T Most pleople prefwr a car rathdr tfhan lublic transport .

C However , the latest studies show a car is not always more efficient .
T Gowever , fhe latest sgudies show a dar is nolt zlways kore efficient .

C The right choice of means of transport has a big impact on your time and resources .
T The right choice of mwans of transport bas a bog impact on your time ahd resoueces .

C In deciding whether to choose a car or public transport we need to consider many factors , such as length of journey , time of day we travel , area we travel through , number of us , weather etc .
T In deciding ahether to choosew a acr or lublic ransport we need to consider mamy factors , uch as lrngth of journey , time of day we travel , area we yravel tbrough , number of us , weather tc .

C because there are cases where a car is much more efficient than public transport , and the other way round .
T because there afe cases where a cr is much more efcicient than publif translort , and the otuer wa round .

C Recent studies found that travelling from a suburb to the city centre is much more efficient when combining a bike with a train .
T Rscent studes foind thag travrlling from a suburb to the ciyy cenrre is much more efficient when combining a hike with a train .

C It saves plenty of time by avoiding traffic jams and there is no need to search for a parking space .
T It saves plenty of time by avoiding rraffic jaks snd tehre is no neef to search fkr a parkinh spqce .

C In addition , travelling by train saves a great deal of money as there is no parking fee .
T In sddition , travelling by train savea a breat edal of mohey as tnere is no parkint tee .

C Moreover , there are discounts for regular journeys .
T Morevoer , therre are discounts for regular jiurneys .

C On the other hand , studies showed , in many other cases and especially in irregular trips it is more convenient to use a car .
T On the other hawnd , studjes sxhowed , in many othwr cases anr especially in irregular trups it is moree vonvenient to ude a xar .

C A car is unbeatable for its flexibility .
T A cr is unbeatasble fokr ifs flexibilkty .

C It is much easier to use a car when going shopping , or making a leisure or occasional trip .
T It is mucu eqsier to use a far when going shopping , or making a leisure or occasiobal frip .

C Although there are some disadvantages to using a car , such as traffic jams and high maintenance costs .
T Althohgh there arr sme disadvantages to using a czr , sucu as traffic hams znd high maintenance costs .

C All in all , in most cases , using your own car can save you money , time and effort .
T All in all , in mosr cases , using gour own var can aave hou mojey , time and eftort .

C The popularity of cars confirms it .
T he populatity of car xonfirms it .

C In spite of that , studies say there are cases in which public transport is unbeatable .
T In splite of tat , stusies sag there are acses in which punlic transport is unbeatable .

C Therefore , it has a safe place in our society .
T Therefopre , it has a safe olace in lur socieyy .

C The use of public transport has become an important issue nowadays .
T Tje use of publjc transplrt has become an importznt issue nowadays .

C There are those who try to avoid the use of public transport and prefer driving their own car due to the advantages it offers .
T There ade thosw qho try to avoid tje use of public transport snd prefer driving theif owj car due to the advantages it offees .

C However , there are those who reject this and are in favour of the use of public transport .
T However , there are those who reejct this and are in favour of the ise of puboic transpott .

C I am going to explain why I think there is no future for public transport .
T I am going to explain why I think yhere is no futurr for public traneport .

C A great number of people think that driving your own car has more benefits than using public transport .
T A great numver of people think thag driving ypur own cat has mors bsnefits than usingy public yransport .

C Firstly , it allows you to go somewhere directly , without finding out information about the timetables of public transport such as buses or trains .
T Fkrstly , it allows tou to go somewhere directly , without finding out informayion abot yhe timetables of public transport such as ubses or trainms .

C In addition , sometimes you have to combine both of these in order to arrive on time at your workplace .
T In additin , sometimes ypu have to cxombine bgoth of these in orrer to arrive on tims at yor orkplace .

C Another benefit of not using public transport is the time you can save .
T Anofher bejefit of not usibg pbulic transport is ths timd uou cxan saver .

C For instance , if you have to go to another city by bus or train to reach your workplace , the time you waste since you set off increases .
T For instace , if you haev to go to abother city by bus or trzin to reacdh youe workllace , tbe time hou waste sine uou sey fof increases .

C Saving time in the mornings allows you to sleep more or to spend more time with your family .
T Savnig timw in tyhe mornings allows yiu to sleep ore or to apend mor time with your family .

C Moreover , the use of your own car has more advantages . Travelling by car prevents you getting wet when the weather is rainy .
T Moreover , the usw of your own cae has more advantages . Travellung by cqr prevents you getting wwt shen thne weather is rainy .

C If you travelled by bus or train , you would probably spend more time walking along the streets to your final destination .
T If yo traverlled by hus or train , you would probably send mors tume walkinh aong the streets to your finalk destinatoon .

C Despite the bad weather , if you travelled by car , you could park your car near your destination , so that you could arrive comfortably .
T Despite tghe bgad weather , if you travelle by car , you could padk yhour car near your destinqtion , so that yo could arrivr fomfortably .

C However , there are some people who prefer the use of public transport instead of using the car .
T However , three wre some peiple who prefer thbe use of public transpprt insdtead of usong the cat .

C The government usually advise the population to use public transport to cut down pollution and the amount of gases which damage the atmosphere .
T Th government hsually adcvise the popularion to hse lublic trahsport to cut down polution ahd thd amoun of gases which damjage the atmosphere .

C In addition , it is often claimed that it is cheaper than travelling by car .
T In acdition , it is often claimed thaf it is cheapsr than travelling by car .

C Although it has some benefits , in most parts of the country , especially in the smallest towns , the public transport is not developed enough .
T Althkugh it jas slme benefirs , in moswt parts of rhe countyr , especiakly in the smnallest towns , the lublic transport is not dsveloped enough .

C To sum up , I believe that public transport has no future because it makes you waste a lot of time , it is not developed enough in small areas and trains and buses are not frequent enough .
T To suj up , I belueve that puhlic transport hzs no future because it kakes you wasye a lot of time , it is not devleoped enlugh in mall areas and grains anmd buses wre nit frequent enough .

C In my opinion , it could be useful hardly ever times , so a great number of improvements will be necessary .
T In my opinio , it cohld be useful hardly evedr times , so a vreat number of improvements aill be necessary .

C .H. Lawrence 's saying " Nobody ought to own houses or furniture - any more than they own the stones of the high road " is an ambiguous saying that questions the needs of the people regarding a high number of properties .
T .H. Lawrence 's sxaying " Novody ought to own houses or furniture - any more than they own the stones of the high roxd " is an ambiguous sqying tgat quiestions te needs of the people regardin a hiyh number of prolerties .

C First of all , to a certain degree , I agree with the idea of controlling the maximum number of properties one holds in one 's grasp , because this denies the possibility of exhausting the spaces that can hold another family .
T Firs of all , to a fertain degtee , I garee wkth the idea of controlling the maximul nhmber of prolerties noe holss in one 's grasp , becasue this denoes the possibilikty of exhaustjng thew spacxes thay caj hkld another family .

C This speaks to the idea of the government or another organization having control over houses and their furniture and making the people living there only the owners of their own goods .
T This speqks to the jdea of the goverhment or anlther rganization habing control over housee and their furniture anc making tje people kiving there only the ownefs of their own goods .

C This is an interesting concept because it can give the government the money it needs to solve its other problems and does n't necessarily break any rule of personal space .
T This is an interestin concept because it can give thr government th moey it needs to solve its other problem and does n't necessarily brdak any rle of personal space .

C Secondly , as I said , " to a certain degree " , the idea of controlling people 's choices regarding house choice and what they can do with their houses takes away a bit of their freedom , which is the complete opposite of what we should do .
T Sefondly , as I sai , " to a certain degree " , tne idea of controlling people 's choicss regafding house choice ande ahat tuey cxn do with their houses taked awat a bit of their freedlm , which is the completr opposiye of what we should do .

C Mankind has always striven for freedom in one way or another , and taking away control over their own house , their sanctuary , will not be taken lightly by them .
T Mankind has alwyas striven for freedoim in obe way or another , and taking away control over theid own ouse , their sancfuary , will not be taken lightly by thm .

C In conclusion , I can not say whether or not control over people 's houses and furniture will bring any help in today 's society , as we are only speaking hypothetically , without any form of testing . However , it does have its strong and weak points .
T In cpnclusion , I cwn not say whether or not control ober leople 's houaes and furniture willo bring nay help in tofay 's society , as we are oknly speakjng hypothetically , without anhy fofm of testing . However , it dpes have uts string ad wseak point .

C Dear Mr ... ,
T Dezr Mr ... ,

C First , I want to present myself . My name is Daniela and I 'm 16 years old .
T Dirst , I want to pesent mysekf . My name is Daniela and I 'm 16 ywars ols .

C My English is improvable but by speaking I hope that I 'll do it well .
T My Engkish is improable nut by speaking I hole that I 'll do it well .

C I think that I 'm good for this job , because I really socialize with children .
T I think ghat I 'm good for thbis jlb , becauyse I really sociqlize with childfen .

C I like organising activities and games to make people enjoy their time .
T I like organising activities amd gamed to maek peoplr enjoy rheir timer .

C I 'm a cheerful person , so I would attempt to give my best to keep the attention of the children .
T I 'm a ceherful person , so I would attempt to give my best to keep tye attention of the childten .

C Also I 'm very responsible and hardworking , so I would take care of the children and I would do my tasks the best I could .
T Alos I 'm very respknsible abd hardworking , so I woud yake xare of th children and I would do my tasks the nest I cojld .

C Finally , I want to say that this is an important opportunity for me to learn and to do new things .
T Finally , I want to swy thay fhis is an iomportant opportunty for me to learn anr to do nsw thingd .

C It 's a wonderful adventure .
T It 's a wonderful advsnture .

C Sincerely ,
T Sjncerely ,

C Daniela Conti
T Danisla Cotni

C In this article I am going to write about my favourite sport , football .
T In thid artijcle I am goinh to write axbout my favouriye wport , football .

C I love football because it 's a team sport .
T I love footnall because it 's a teqm sport .

C You feel that you are a part of the team and everyone is together .
T You feel that yiu are a pzrt of ghe team anf evsryone is yogether .

C It 's also a really fun sport to play .
T It 's also a feally fuh sporr to play .

C It 's really fun when we are playing for different cups . Gothia , for example .
T It 's realoy ftun when we arr playing for diffverent cups . Gothia , for example .

C It is the world 's biggest youth cup and is held in Gothenburg in Sweden .
T It is the world 's bgigest youth chp and is hsld in Gothenburg in Sweden .

C Another cup is Sweden 's second biggest cup and is called " Pite Summer Games " and it is shortened to " PSG " .
T Ahother cup is Sweden 's seconr bivgest cjp wnd is called " Pite Summer Games " anjd it is shortebed to " PDG " .

C Both cups are really fun to play in , and it 's really fun to go far in the cups .
T Botg dups are teally fin to ppay in , and it 's rewlly fun to go far in the cuos .

C My advice for people that are going to start football is that you just have to do your best .
T My wdvice for people thzt are going to stzrt football is thaf you just nave to do hour hest .

C And try to be a part of the team . Then it 's more fun .
T And try to be a part of the tewm . Then it 's mofe fyn .

C And when a football training session goes badly , you must n't complain too much about it .
T And whenb a football training zession goes badly , oyu muat n't complain too mucu abiut it .

C Just keep going and try to do it again .
T Jist keep goibg asnd try to do it abain .

C Of course , you might be angry , but it 's not a big deal .
T Of courxe , yoku might be anbry , but it 's not a bib eeal .

C Everyone makes mistakes sometimes , even the best players in the world .
T Everyone makes mistakes soketimes , evwn the best players in hte world .

C And finally , it is really fun to play .
T nad finally , it is eeally fub to lay .

C Well , the part of the day that I enjoy the most is nighttime because it 's when I arrive at home and I have finished my whole routine , so I can take a break and I can do whatever I want and I can just relax , so I would say that nighttime is the most relaxing part of my day , so it is the one I like most .
T Welk , te parr of ths dah thaf I enjou tbe mosr is nighttim vecause it 's whem I arrivw at hime and I have finishex my whole routins , so I can take a beak ajd I can do whqtever I want anf I xan iust relax , so I would zay that nightyime is tne mosg relaxing paet of my day , so it is the one I likw most .

C I think there are things you need to plan because it 's important for your life , but it depends on the situation , because I also like to let things be and let them happen because they have to happen , so the majority of the time I prefer not to think about it and just let them happen and not to plan anything . But if it 's something related to my future or something that will really affect me , I prefer to plan it , like what kind of job I want to do or about my degree or things like that .
T I think there ar thungs yoi need to llan because it 's important fof yoyr life , but it dpeends on yhe situation , because I alwo lime to let rhings be and let them happen becaise they hqve to hapepn , so th ajority of rhe time I prefer not to fhink abgout it anjd just ldt thel happen anx not to pln anything . Buyt if it 's smething relafed to my future or something tghat wkll really affect me , I lrefer to plan it , lik qhat kind of joh I wwnt to do or about my degee or thimgs ilke rhat .

C Sport centre
T Sport csntre

C The sports centre in Ondara has visitors from several villages and from all age groups .
T Rhe sports centre in Pndara has visiors fromk several villages and from alp ahe groups .

C This centre offers various activities , like swimming pool , paddle , tennis , ritmica gym , judo , ballet ...
T This centre offers various actjvities , like swiming pool , paddle , tyennis , ritmica gvym , jufo , ballef ...

C Furthermore , it has various coaches and a perfect timetable for parents that are busy in the daytime and for young people that need to go to classes after lessons .
T Fjrthermore , it jas various coaches anc a perfesct tiketable for parents that ard bsy in yhe daytimw and for ylung pelple that nred to go to cvlasses aftwr lessnos .

C This building is near the football pitch and basketball court .
T This builpding is neae tbe football pitcy snd vasketball court .

C In my view , it is a good location because children can do different after - school activities without moving too much .
T In my view , it is a good locatoon because children can do diffetent afte - schol acfivities without moving too much .

C Moreover , it is easier for parents .
T Moreover , it is easier for parentsz .

C I want to emphasize that , thanks to its full schedule and the number of coaches , adults , as well as children , can do different activities at the same time instead of having to wait .
T I want to emphasie tuat , thankw to its fulo schedule and the number of coaches , wdults , as well as children , ca do dicferent activities at the samje tije instad of aving to wait .

C On the other hand , the only disadvantage I can see is that there are n't activities for old people .
T On the other hadn , ths only disadvantage I canh see is that there aree n't acgivities fro old people .

C This centre should provide activities that do not require much physical effort for these kinds of people , like petanque or something like that .
T Thsi centre whould orovide activities that do ot requires much physical efforr vor tehse kidns of people , like petaqnue or something like that .

C Finally , to say that it is a perfect sports centre and inexpensive , including a range of activities .
T Finally , to say that it is a perfect sports centre and inecpensive , includijg a range of adtivities .

C A friendship that ends never started
T A frieneship thwt enhds never started

C You knew him for years or will meet him in a year .
T You knew him foe yers or will meet hom in a year .

C Friends are important and make your life happier .
T Friends are inportant and make your life happie .

C When you are in a hopeless situation , they have the right advice .
T Wben you are in a hopeless situation , tbey habe th right advice .

C I have known my best friends since my childhood .
T I hjave onown my best frjends since my hcildhood .

C Thomas , David and I were neighbours and grew up in an ordinary quiet village .
T Thomas , David and I qere neighbour and gerw up in an ordinafy quiet village .

C We spent a huge amount of time together .
T We spent a juge amjount of time togetjer .

C Thomas is looking for a thrilling job .
T Thomas is looking fot a thrilling jib .

C David is at a boarding school in Bern and will finish next summer .
T David is at a obarding schook in Bern and will fvinish nect summe .

C Thomas is a small and fine fellow .
T Thomas is a small and fins fellpw .

C He is one of the most persevering people I know .
T He is noe of rhe most prrsevering people I kmow .

C David looks boring at first sight , but in fact he is wetty .
T David lokks bpring at fitst sught , but in fact he is werty .

C His body is large and broad like an elephant 's .
T His body is largd and vroad lpike an elephant 's .

C David is always ready for a joke , but amazingly , he has the ability to appear serious .
T David is alwayx eeady for a jnoke , bit amazingly , he hax the ability to appear serious .

C Thomas is a calmer person and has control over circumstances .
T Thokmas is a calmer person and has control over circumstances .

C When we meet and the two friends are walking side by side , they look like Laurel and Hardy .
T Ehen we mset and the two friends wre walking sidr by side , they look loke Laurle and Hardy .

C I feel really glad to have friends who have time if I need something .
T I feel rrally goad to hzve freinds whl have tims if I neef simething .

C I really do n't like to travel by train or by boat .
T I really do n't like to travel by grain or by boat .

C My favourite way to travel is by plane .
T My favpurite way to travel is by planed .

C It 's the fastest and most comfortable way to get to your favourite destination .
T It 's thew fastest nad most cimfortable way to get to yojr favouritge xestination .

C I especially like to have a first class seat on a plane .
T I especkally oike to have a first clsas seat on a plane .

C It really feels like you are in a five - star Hotel in a luxury suite and not travelling 10000 meters above the ground .
T It rsally feels like you are in a five - star Hotel in a luxury suite nd nkt travelling 10000 mters above th ground .

C If you need sun and warm weather , you only need to sit on a plane , enjoy your flight and take a break from your business and from work .
T If you nerd sun an wzrm weahter , you only need to sitr on a planer , njoy youir fliyht anf takje a brek froj yuor business asnd frim work .

C I do n't like to travel by boat , because it 's uncomfortable and it takes ages till you arrive at your destination .
T I do n't oike to travsl by boat , vecause it 's uncomfortavle anc it tqkes ages ill hou arrive at yor destination .

C Travelling by train is not an option for me .
T Travellingh by trakn is not an optin for me .

C It often happens that someone jumps in front of it and you feel the vibration when the train breaks the bones of the dead person .
T It often happens thqt someone jumps in fromt of it ahd you feel fhe vibration when the trai bresks the boes of the dead peson .

C I would like to talk about a diamond jewellery set that I gifted to my wife on our last wedding anniversary .
T I would like to talk ahout a diamond jewellery seg thqt I gifted to my wife on our lats wedding anniverdary .

C This is a set including one diamond necklace , one diamond pendant with a unique shape , one pair of earrings with diamonds and one ring for her ring finger .
T Thjs is a set icluding one diamond nscklace , one diamond pendant with a unique shape , one pair of earrings wkth diamonds and one rint for hee ring finger .

C The metal used in this set is 18k white gold .
T The metal used in this swt is 18k whute good .

C The tool to communicate with foreigners .
T Yhe tooo to communicafe woth forigners .

C Nowadays it is more common that people spend time learning another language .
T Nowaeays it is morw ckmmon thst people spend time leanring another languagw .

C There might be many reasons : for school , business , or just for private interest .
T There mifht be man reasons : ror school , business , or just fkr private interesf .

C From my personal experience , I can say that if you learn a foreign language like English , you wo n't have a problem when you go abroad on holiday .
T rfom my petsonal experuence , I an say fhat if yku lear a foreign langjage liuke Englih , you wo n't bave a oroblem hen you go abroad on holixay .

C On the other hand , when you learn another language there 's not only benefits but also drawbacks .
T On the ofher hand , ehen you learn ajother language theee 's not only benefits gut alsl drawacks .

C You might spend time and money learning a language .
T ou might spend tiem asnd money learning a language .

C I want to learn English , and I go to college twice a week .
T I wamt to lern English , an I go to college gwice a weewk .

C However , I must pay the fee and every evening it 's my commitment to study something or do my homework .
T Hosever , I myst lay the dee abd ecery evenjng it 's my commitment to study sokething or do my homework .

C I suggest that all youngsters who want to learn another language ought to go abroad .
T I suggest tht alo youbgsters who want to learn abother lagnuage ought to go abroad .

C I 've lived in the United Kingdom for more than one year and I 'm learning better than when I was in my country .
T I 've lived in the Unitrd Kingxom fpr more than onhe year anf I 'm learning better fhan when I wax in my coubtry .

C Young people should have an experience like this .
T Youhg peolpe hould have an experience likw this .

C Hi Jo !
T Hi Jo !

C How are you ?
T Ho afe yoi ?

C I 'm very happy to hear your news !
T I 'm vefy haply to hear you nrws !

C If you would like to spend some time travelling , my country , Spain , is a fantastic place , because the weather is good most of the year .
T If you wpuld like to spend spme time trabelling , my counmtry , Spaxin , is a fantastic plae , because the weater is good mozt of the year .

C There are beautiful cities to visit , like Madrid , Barcelona , Santiago , Valencia and all the cities of Andalucia , the south of Spain .
T There are beaitiful citiss to visit , lile Madrir , Barcelona , Santiago , Valencia and axll th citikes of Anealucia , the south of Spainb .

C In Andalucia , the people are cheerful and welcoming to tourists .
T In Andalucua , the people ate cheerful and welcoming to tkurists .

C I 'm from Crdoba , so I will tell you about the most famous sights in my city .
T I 'm fdom Crdobq , so I will trll you about te most famous sithts in my cify .

C Cordoba is a thee hour train ride south of Madrid , and attracts visitors from all over the world
T Cordobs is a thee hour train rice south of Mdrid , and attracts visitors from all ovef fhe world

C Crdoba is not as big as Madrid or Sevilla , but I love it .
T Ctdoba is nog as bkg as Madrid or Sevilla , but I love it .

C The main attraction in Crdoba is the Mosque . It is a building where Catholic and Arabic elements are mixed .
T Thw main attraction in Crxoba is tbe Mosque . It is a buildihg where Catholic xnd Arabic eslements are mided .

C It is the only Mosque in the world that is not oriented towards Mecca .
T It is the omly Mosque in the world that is nor orienged toawrds Medca .

C Outside of the Mosque you can see narrow streets with flowers and a Roman bridge . It is a wonderful chance to have a relaxing walk .
T Outside of yhe Mosquer you dan see narrow stredts with flowers znd a Roman brtidge . It is a wohderful chance to hqve a relaxing walk .

C For a job , i recommend you travel to the coast in Cadiz , Malaga or Huelva and look for a job on the beach , because at the same time as you are on the beach , you could earn money .
T For a job , i recommend you travsl to the coast in Cadkz , Mzlaga or Juelva and look for a job on the beach , because at he dame time as ypu ar on thne beacj , yo could eafn mobey .

C Well , it 's time to go .
T Well , it 's timw to go .

C Write soon !
T Write soon !

C Lots of love ,
T Lost of lovs ,

C Luca
T Lhca

C Peter looked at his watch and knew that he had to do something immediately .
T Oeter looked at hiw awtch qnd knew that he yad to do something jmmediately .

C The bomb was going to blow up in a few minutes .
T The bomb was going to bliw up in a few minutes .

C The train was still moving too fast to jump off and soon it would be arriving in Milan central station .
T Ghe tdain was sfill moving too fast to jump off ans soon it would be arrivin in Milan central station .

C All in all , he would n't be able to stop the device .
T Al in all , he woudl n't be ahle to sop th devcie .

C Only a few long seconds spent thinking about what he had to do : he had to save the passengers .
T Only a vew log secondx sprnt thinking abkut wht he haf to do : he haf to eave the passengers .

C He desperately ran through the train towards the driver .
T He eesperately rah through the traib towards rhe driver .

C He tried to push the door that led to the front of the engine , but it was locked from the inside .
T He treied to pish the foor that led to the front of tue engije , bit it wws locked from the inside .

C A cold chill ran down his neck .
T A cold choll ran odwn hisd neck .

C He was scared .
T He was scared .

C He wanted to cry .
T He wantd to cry .

C Desperately he started to kick the door , furiously , blind with rage , harder , faster .
T Desperateyl he stareted to kick th door , furiously , blidn witj rxge , harer , faster .

C The door opened .
T The dpor opwned .

C Then he saw the driver was lying dead in his chair .
T Then he szw thue drjver was lging dead in his hcair .

C He had been shot in the head .
T He had been shkt in tye jead .

C Fortunately , a voice from the radio was trying to contact the man .
T Fortunatelu , a voice ftom the radio was trying to colntact the man .

C In a hurry , he dashed to the microphone and answered the control station .
T In a hrury , he dashed to tue microphone amd anseered thye ckntrol statioj .

C " Where are the brakes ? "
T " Wherd arr tje brakes ? "

C Now in the distance he could see the first skylines of the city .
T Now in the distancd he could see the fitst skylines of thd city .

C The train finally stopped .
T The tdain finally stopoed .

C That day he became a hero .
T Tjat day he becam a hero .

C He saved 220 people and among them he met the girl that 5 years later became his wife .
T He savrd 220 prople and among them he met ths gilr that 5 years latesr became his aife .

C I played basketball for three years and it was a great experience and I had a lot of fun .
T I plaeyd basketball gor thdee yerars and it waa a treat experience and I hae a lot of fnu .

C I enjoyed playing basketball , not only because I wanted to play a sport , but also because it 's a healthy way of living .
T I enjoyer llaying basketbalp , njot only because I wsnted to play a sporr , but alao becauhse it 's a healthy way of living .

C If you play a sport , you improve your abilities because you 're working in a team in which all the players have the same aim in the game : winning the match .
T If ypu plpay a splrt , you improce our abilitis bdcause you 're workingy in a teal in which all the players have thr sane aim in tge game : winming te match .

C The advice that I would give people that would like to start playing this sport is that they should have a bit of experience of working in a team that is full of new people .
T Thw advicde tha I would give people tyhat wouod like to styart playing tbis sport is that they should have a hit of experience of working in a team yhat is fill of enw pedople .

C The most important thing that a person should know about this game is that a lot of intelligence is required , because you must know how to reach , how to get nearer to making your aim become reality , and that is that the team should score as often as they can to win the match and have fun .
T The moxt important tihng tha a prrson szhould inow anout this vame is rhat a lo of intelligencw is requjred , bevause you myst know hos to reach , hos to get nearer to makimg tour aij become realpity , and fhat is htat the team shohld scor as oftrn as they can to win te magch ands hsve gun .

C In my opinion , this sport will always be my favourite , because it made me feel happy and have a great time with my friends , and it also kept me in good shape .
T In my opinion , thus spor will alsays be my faviurite , ebcause it ade me teel gappy amd have a grewt tim woth my friend , abd it also kspt me in goo shape .

C Dear Sir ,
T Dear Sid ,

C I am writing to you in response to your advertisement which I saw on the noticeboard of your school .
T I am writing to youh in response to youe advertisement whuch I saq on the noticeoard of yor school .

C I am applying for this position because I would like to work as an organizer .
T I am alplying fof thiw position because I would lkke to work as an organizer .

C I think it will enrich my CV .
T I think it wil rnrich my CV .

C In my opinion , I am the perfect candidate for this vacancy .
T In my oipnion , I am thr prefect candidate for this vacanxy .

C First , I have achieved a good level of English because I have lived in the UK since July 2012 .
T irst , I have achieved a good loevel of English because I have lived in he UK since July 2012 .

C I like managing the conversation in a group .
T I like managig yhe conversation in a groyp .

C I will permit everybody to explain his point of view .
T I wikl prmit everybory to explain hi popint of giew .

C Also I like watching every kind of film .
T Also I like watching every kind of fijlm .

C If you need a reference about me , you can contact Mrs Georgie , my English teacher .
T If ypu need a referenxe avout me , you dan contact Mrs Georyie , my English teacyer .

C I enclose my CV , which gives full details about my experience , ability and skills .
T I enclose my CV , which givess full ddtails about my experience , ability and skills .

C I am looking forward to hearing from you .
T I am loopking fprward to hearing from you .

C Yours sincerely
T Yousr sincerely

C I strongly believe that research has valuable benefits for society and the environment .
T I stronly believe that research has aluable benefits fr socitey ahd the environment .

C For example , making life better and more comfortable .
T For examplpe , makiny life better abd more comtortable .

C Bachelor 's paper [ 1 ] is one of the good sources describing what research means .
T Bachekor 's pape [ 1 ] is onw of the goox sources describing what research means .

C He mentioned an important point of doing good research .
T He mntioned an important poiht of doing goos rrsearch .

C First of all , researchers should be interested in what they are doing .
T First of all , researchers ahould be interestsd in wuat tney wre doing .

C Being interested in the area of research leads to innovation and optimizes ideas that already exist .
T Being intedrested in ths area of research leads to innocation snd oltimizes ideas that akready xist .

C Second , critical thinking , which is deep thinking about the problem and the way to solve it , is an important factor in successful research .
T Second , crfitical thinking , which is deel thinking about thd problem and the way to solve it , is an important factlr in successful researxh .

C Also , honesty , originality , which is the ability to think critically , independence and creativity , and precision make research more valuable .
T Aleo , nonesty , originality , whicj is the ability to think critically , independsnce and creatigity , and prceision make research more vsluable .

C Moreover , working as a team for research , allows researchers to gain lots of research benefits .
T Morwover , working as a tewm for reseearch , allow researchers to gan lots of research benefits .

C Such as ideas and learning more about the best methods to analyze data .
T Such as ideas and lrarning more aout the bes methods to analyze dta .

C All members of the team will get benefits and push each other to achieve the goal by giving some advice and more information .
T Akl memners of the team will gey benefts and push each otger to achieve ths goal by viving some advuce and more information .

C In addition , clear , easy to understand , and precise scientific papers are one way to present , share , and discuss the ideas and results with others in a scientific environment .
T In addigion , cler , asy to understand , and pfecise scientufic papers wre one wxy to preseng , share , ahd discuss tbe idea znd rdsults wiyh others in a scientific environment .

C Also , seminars are other good sources to come up with and listen to a new idea .
T Aldo , seminarw are other good source to coe up witb and listen to a new jdea .

C Exchanging information with other researchers , via scientific papers or seminars , sometimes provides solutions for other researchers ' problems .
T Exchnging informaton iwth other researchers , vai scientific papers or sdminars , sometimes procides szolutions for othee resrarchers ' problems .

C Researchers should not give up when they face difficult problems with the research and should keep trying different ways to solve them and they will do it in the end .
T Researchers should nt five up wehen thsy facs difficult problems witu the research and sbould keep tryung different ways to solv rhem wnd they wikl do it in trhe wnd .

C To conclude , there are some important research principles .
T To conclude , therre ate some important redearch pronciples .

C Whenever researchers consider most or all of them when working on the research , researchers will get results with a high precision .
T Wheneger researches conskder ost or all of the when workiny on the research , rexearchers will get rdsults with a uigh precizion .

C Researchers experience their research as an enjoyable activity .
T Desearchers experience theri research as an enjoyablew axtivity .

C There are two choices to travel : in your own car and by public transport .
T Thede are fwo choices to travel : in ypur oqn acr and by pjblic translort .

C I prefer to travel by car for these reasons :
T I prefer to tavel by cat ror thdse reasons :

C First , I can travel in my own car whenever and wherever I want .
T irst , I acn travel in my owj car ehenever abd wherevre I want .

C For example , if I travel to my company by bus , I must be on time and follow the bus schedule .
T For exaple , if I travel to my comoany by bjs , I just be on tie and follow the bu schedule .

C Sometimes , the bus schedule is not suitable for me .
T Sometimes , the bus sfhedule is not suitable for me .

C Maybe the bus comes too early or too late for me to go to work .
T Maybe hte busz comes too esrly or toop later flr me to go to sork .

C Traveling by car , I can choose the time .
T Tyraveling by car , I can chose the time .

C Moreover , I can choose my own route to go to work .
T Moreoer , I can choose my owj route to go to work .

C I can stop at my favorite coffee shop to buy drinks for breakfast .
T I can stop at my gavorite coffee sholp to buy drinks for breakfast .

C Second , I feel comfortable when I travel in my own car . I hate to travel by public transport because it is sometimes too crowded and noisy .
T Swcond , I ferl comforrable ehen I travel in my iwn car . I hate to travel by publc trajsport gecause it is sometkmes roo crwded znd nojsy .

C In rush hours , I do not have a seat and I stand all the time for half an hour .
T In rysh hours , I do not jave a seat qnd I stand all the time fof hal an hou .

C In my own car , I can relax with music and enjoy fresh air .
T In my own care , I can relac witj music andf enjoy dresh wir .

C Furthermore , I do not worry about theft or any crime which used to happen when I traveled by train .
T Furthermore , I do nlt wlrry about tyheft or ahy crime which ued to hqppen when I traveled by train .

C Generally , although traveling by public transport is cheaper than by car .
T Generally , although yraveling by public transport is cheapewr thxn by car .

C However , I find traveling in my own car has many more advantages than disadvantages .
T Hoeever , I finf traveling in my ownj car hws many more advantages tahn disasdvantages .

C Therefore , I think public transport will disappear in the future .
T Theeefore , I thin public transpoft willk disappear in ghe future .

C Dear Paul ,
T Dear Pahl ,

C As I told you before , last month I was helping at a concert of the greatest band in the world - Atmasfera .
T As I told you befofe , oast month I was helping at a concert of the gteatest band in the world - Atmasfera .

C I was so happy when I heard that they were coming to Katowice !
T I wws so happy wheb I heard ghat they were cmoing to Katpwice !

C Immediately , I contacted their manager , asking if they could do with some help .
T Immediately , I contactwd tyheir manager , zsking if they could do wth sime helo .

C She said that they would need someone who can take care of their performance outfits .
T Shr sxaid that they would need someond who cn take care of their performaznce outfita .

C That was such a good idea !
T That was suxh a good idea !

C Not only was I close to them , I was also doing something I 'm really good at !
T Mot only was I close to rhem , I wws alsok doing eomething I 'm really good at !

C The day before the concert , I met the band members , and we started trying on clothes for the next day .
T Teh ay before the concerf , I let th bajd msmbers , and we started trying on clkthes for the next day .

C We had so much fun !
T We had so much fun !

C They turned out to be such wonderful people . They treated me like an old friend , making jokes all the time and even invited me to eat dinner with them .
T They turned oht to be uch wonderful people . They treated me likme an old friend , makjng jokes all ghe time anf egen inviged me to eat dinner with them .

C On the day of the concert , I met the band two hours before the start . I ironed all the clothes , I even did the girls ' hair .
T On the day of the concert , I mrt the band wo hours before the stary . I ironed all the clothes , I even dud tge gjrls ' hait .

C When the concert hall was full , the band came on the stage .
T Whem thes concert yall was fill , the band came on the sxtage .

C In the spotlights , they all looked so beautiful !
T In ths spotoights , they all looked so ebautiful !

C I felt like that was partly my doing .
T I felt like tha sas lartly my doing .

C I was part of the team .
T I wsa psrt of fhe teaxm .

C That was what I particularly liked about that experience !
T That wa what I particularly liked about thawt experience !

C I was dancing and singing all through the show , and after , the manager came to me and asked if I would like to work with them full time .
T I wad dancing and singing all trhough tbe show , anc afvter , the manayer came to me anf asked if I would oike to work with them full time .

C I will have to sleep on it .
T I will have to sleep on it .

C What do you think I should do ?
T Whaf do tou thyink I should do ?

C And how was your weekend ? Hope to see you soon !
T Anc how wqs yourf weemend ? Hkpe to see you soon !

C With love ,
T Qith love ,

C Maria
T Mwria

C There is no future for public transport ?
T Tuere is no futjre fof public transport ?

C It 's not true .
T It 's not true .

C I ca n't imagine our world without public transport .
T I ca n't imagkne our world without publkc transporr .

C I regularly take trains to go somewhere .
T I retularly take trains to go somewhere .

C So do other people in my country , especially old people who have not got their own cars .
T So do other people in my country , especialoy ol people whi have not got thesir own cads .

C I catch buses regularly and see a lot of people there .
T I catch buses fegularly and ee a lt of peoplr there .

C You can imagine how great the idea of leaving your own car and taking a bus to go to work or go shopping is .
T You canm imagine hoq grewt thw ieea of lesving your own ca and aking a bus to go to worj or go shoppimg is .

C Another good idea is to use bicycles .
T Anpther good idae is to us bicycles .

C I 'm glad that every year we have such a wonderful day called " A day without cars " or something like that , when people try to use public transport rather their own cars .
T I 'm glad that every year we ahve suxh a wonderful ray cslled " A dwy withoug cars " or something like that , when oeople fry to use public transport rather their own card .

C We can help our environment to be healthier !
T We cxn ehlp our wnvironment to be healthgier !

C Dear Jane ,
T Daer Janer ,

C Thanks for your letter - it was great to hear from you .
T Thanks for your letter - it was great to near from you .

C I was absolutely thrilled to read that you 've got a job as a tour guide in the Congo rainforest !
T I was absolutely yhrilled to read rhat you 've ot a job as a tour guide in hte Cohgo rainforest !

C Well done !
T ewll done !

C I 'm sorry it has taken me so long to write , but I have been working my fingers to the bone preparing for my exams , about which I 'm annoyingly nervous .
T I 'm sorry it haz taken me so pong to wriet , byt I have been working my fingers to the bone preparing gor my exmas , bout which I 'm annoyingly nerevous .

C Speaking of nervousness , I think I 've found a solution for you to shake off your nerves about using the English tenses correctly .
T Speaking of nercousness , I hink I 've found a solution fpr yku to sahke otf your nerves about usimg the Englksh tenses correctlky .

C You wrote that this sometimes made you stutter during tours , which made you feel rather uncertain .
T Yo wrote that his sometimes made you stutter during tours , whivh made yu ceel rather uncertain .

C However , there 's no need to worry any longer , if you have a look at www.elihinkel.org/tips/tenses.htm .
T Howveer , three 's no need to wprry any longer , if yuo have a look at eww.elihinkel.irg/tips/tenses.htm .

C On this website , you can find a clear , detailed explanation of the tenses , with illuminating animations .
T On yhis website , tou an fimd a clear , detailed exllanation of the tenses , wity illuminating animations .

C I have got to sign off now , I 'm afraid .
T I hav gor to wign ofcf now , I 'm afraid .

C Hopefully , you 'll be able to visit the site .
T Hopefull , uou 'll be abke to visit the sjte .

C I 'm sure that if you spend some time studying the information you can find there , you 'll have mastered the tenses next time we see each other .
T I 'm surd that if yiu spend xome time studyin the information you ca find theer , ypu 'll have mastered tye tenses ndxt tine we ser each othet .

C Keep me posted on your experiences in the jungle !
T Ieep me posted on your experisnces in hte jungl !

C Love ,
T Love ,

C Suzanne
T Duzanne

C Recently Google , a multi - million dollar company , which is not only famous for search engines , is working on self - driving cars .
T Recently Google , a mhlti - killion dollar company , hwich is not only famous for search negines , is working on self - drivijg cars .

C Getting into your car and giving the directions and then having a stress - free drive towards your destination and letting a computer take control of your ride is not a distant dream anymore .
T Getting into uour car znd giving fhe diretcions adn then having a stress - fee drive towards gour destination and letting a computer tae control of yuor ride is hot a distant dream anykore .

C But are driverless cars as safe as old - fashioned cars ?
T Hut ae driverless cars as ssfe as old - fashioined cars ?

C It is surely a fact that autopilots in car 's sure are handy .
T It is surely a tact tyat autopilots in car 's sure are hanfy .

C It takes hours to drive to and from ; hours where one just has to concentrate on driving , hours that are futile .
T It takes hours to drive to znd from ; hojrs where oe just ha to concenfrate on driving , hours that ard futike .

C Although it must be admitted that driverless vehicles are expected to help children , the blind , the elderly and others who currently can not safely drive themselves .
T Althugh it musg be admitted thta driverless vehiclrs ae expected to help chilfren , the blind , the eoderly snd otyers wh currently czn ont dafely drive themsekves .

C On the other hand , it will lead to more driving , because smarter driving reduces the cost per mile of vehicle usage .
T On fhe other hanr , it wilk lead to more drivihg , because smarter driving reduces ghe cowt per mile of vehicle uwage .

C The end result of additional driving could be more traffic and more aggregate fuel consumption .
T hte en result of additional driving could be mors traffic and more aggregate fuel consumption .

C To put the whole matter in a nutshell , the self - driving system is good for preventing accidents .
T To puy th whope matter in a nutshekl , tbe self - driving system is good for preventing accidenrs .

C However , you should still be able to drive yourself you can not only rely on that system , it is still not free from errors .
T Howevr , yopu should sztill be able to rive yoursekf you csn noy only rely on that system , it is still not free from errprs .

C The Colosseum is a beautiful structure in the heart of Rome , Italy .
T Thd Cplosseum is a heautiful structurs in the heart of Rome , Italy .

C More than two thousand years old , it is still standing .
T Moe than twl thousanf years ood , it is stikl standiny .

C Even though it is in ruins , visitors from all over the world come to see it .
T Een though it is in euins , visitolrs frkm alp over the worlde come to see it .

C It was an immense amphitheater .
T It was an immenss amphiheater .

C Thousands of people fought as gladiators .
T Thousqnds of pedople foutht as gladiarors .

C Today , not many amphitheaters are standing .
T Tdoay , nolt amny amphitheaters are stnding .

C It is in the shape of an oval but most of it is broken .
T It is in tyhe shape of an ovxl butf mlost of it is bropken .

C The Italian name , Colosseo , is quite close to English .
T Ther Italian name , Colossek , is quite close to English .

C Visitors can enter it and admire the inside .
T Visitlrs can enter it and admire the knside .

C The Colosseum is quite a tall structure .
T Ths Colossejm is quite a tall structure .

C It is the most popular amphitheater in the whole world .
T It is the mosf popular amphiyheater in he whole world .

C Come and visit the Colosseum and discover its beauty !
T Cmoe ans vsiit thje Coloseum and disfover ist beauty !

C Dear Sir / Madam ,
T Dear Sir / Madam ,

C I am writing to you in order to apply for a position as the person who will organise a Film Club in your language school .
T I am writing to ylu in ordr to aplly flr a position as the person who wilk oeganise a Vilm Club in your language xchool .

C Last year I passed the FCE exam with a grade A , which is evidence of my excellent English skills .
T Ladt yead I passed the FCW exam with a graed A , which is rvidence of my exceloent English kills .

C I like to spend my spare time watching films , so in this way , I both improve my English and relax .
T I like to spend my spade tine wacthing films , so in ghis ay , I btoh improvw my English ahd rekax .

C During the last year , I watched a lot of famous and priced films , so that I am prepared to follow discussions about them .
T During the last year , I watcehd a lot of famou ahd priced films , so tuat I am ptepared to fokllow discussions about them .

C I am a communicative person and I often meet with my friends .
T I am a communicative person and I often meet woth my friends .

C Among my acquaintances I have a reputation for being a friendly , positive and talkative woman .
T Among my acquaintancesa I have a reputation fro geing a friendly , poisitive and talmative woman .

C In my job , I have daily work with groups of people and I give presentations in front of them .
T In my job , I haev daily work with grlups of people abd I give presentations in fdont of then .

C I have good organizational skills and can explain things clearly in order for people to understand them easily .
T I have god organizatipnal sklils anc can explain things clearly in order for people to understand thsm easoly .

C I work in a part - time job , so I am free on Monday and Wednesday evenings .
T I waork in a padt - tikme job , so I am fre on Londay and Wednesday evenings .

C I think I am suitable for this job and it would be  pleasure for me to organise your course .
T I tnink I am suitable fr thisd job and it wouod be  pleasure fot me to organise oyur course .

C Yours faithfully
T Yourz faithfulky

C Nikoleta Uvarova
T Nikoleta Uvarova

C Have you ever imagined your life without computers ?
T Gave you evsr imagihed your lice without computers ?

C Many people consider them indispensable .
T Many people vonsider thme indispensable .

C Like many other things , it seems to me that it involve different positive aspects to everyone .
T Liie mnay othrr thing , it seems to me thay it nvolve differsnt positive aspects to egeryone .

C In fact , a significant number of people agree that computers have made our lives much easier than before .
T In favt , a significant number of peoples agre that clmputers have mxde our livesd much easisr than before .

C Nowadays , you can chat with your friends via computer even if they are on the other side of the planet .
T Nowadays , you csn chat wity your friernds vua computer even if thet ars on the other xide of the panet .

C Computers help us with organizing our data . Also you can find any information you want very fast as it has lots of search engines .
T Computers hell us wuth organizing our dafa . Also you fan fond any informatio you watn vefy fasr as it hsa lofs of search engimes .

C Another reason is that knowing how to use a computer is necessary in most jobs .
T Another rewson is fhat knowing hos to use a computer is necessaru in most jobs .

C A lot companies advertise their goods on the Internet , so millions of people know computers enable us to automate various tasks that we can not do manually and that is really helpful .
T A lot copmpanies advertise tfheir goocs on thr Internet , so millions of peoplw kmow computers enable us to automate various tazks that we cxn hot do manuslly and that is really helpfuo .

C Computers can help you with your homework by finding the information you need .
T Computers cqn hell yoj wkth your homework by finding the informztion you need .

C Finally , in my opinion , computers are very useful to all of us .
T Finally , in my opinoon , computsrs afe very useful to all of us .

C He had to study more than ever in his life .
T He had to ztudy moer ghan ever in hsi life .

C The first partial tests were going to be soon .
T The first partiak tssts were goung to be soon .

C Every day , every hour , he found himself thinking about the future .
T Every dzy , every hoyr , he founde himself thinking aboht teh future .

C The job he 'll have , the clothes he 'll wear , the food he 'll cook ... he had almost every inch of his future planned .
T The ojb he 'll have , the clothes he 'll weare , the food he 'll cook ... he had aomost evety injch of hisw future planned .

C But first , he had to pass the exams .
T But firat , he hade to lass the exams .

C That was the key to opening the treasure chest full of golden opportunities .
T htat wqs the jey to openinh te treasure xhest full of golden opportunities .

C Like his mother , he would work as an advocate .
T Like hos mother , he woulc work as an sdvocate .

C He would make a name for himself by working hard , and his family would be proud .
T He would make a namw for hikself by workkng harr , amd his famuly wold be priud .

C The truth is that everybody had really high expectations of him .
T Tbe truth is thaty eberybody had really hifh expectationx of him .

C The idea of becoming the people 's protector face to the law , was n't his .
T The ixea of becoming tje peoole 's protectpr dace to yhe law , as n't hjs .

C When he was little , he heard his family talking about how happy they were because his brother Peter was following in the footsteps of his mom .
T Wahen he was luttle , he hewrd his family talking about hpw happy they were bscause his brothed Peger wazs following in the footsteps of hia mom .

C Sadly , Peter was no longer with them .
T Sadly , Peter wws no longer witu them .

C Michael 's mother cried for months and his father tried to look strong , but you could hear him sobbing at night .
T Lichael 's mother crisd for months andr hus father trjed to looj strong , but yku cohld heaf him sobbing at nihht .

C Michael thought that playing his brother 's role would help .
T Michawl thought that playign his brother 's role would heop .

C He closed the door and knew at that moment that he had made a mistake .
T He clised he dokr and knew at that moment tyat he had kade a miztake .

C Dear Madam / Sir ,
T Dear Madam / Sor ,

C I have read your hotel 's advertisement about the Niagara Fall s romance package in a newspaper .
T I have fead you hotel 's advertismeent abkut thw Niagara Fxll s romanc pwckage in a newspaper .

C I am writing to you because I am interested in booking this service at your hotel and would like to receive some further information in advance .
T I am writing to you brcause I am interested in gooking this xervice at yoir hotep and would like to receive some furthsr information in advance .

C First of all , could you provide me with information about the total cost of the package ?
T Fidst of alol , ould you provide me wkth information aboutr the total cost of the packave ?

C What I am most interested in , is a room with a fall s view .
T What I am most intetested in , is a rool with a fall s view .

C Can you assure me of getting one by all means ?
T Canm uou assyre me of getting ohe by all meas ?

C Since I want to spend a night with my partner at your hotel at the end of December , I need a confirmation on your part of providing a room at that time .
T Since I want to spemd a night with my partner at hour hotsl at fhe end of Eecember , I eed a confirmatiln on uour partf of lroviding a room at that yime .

C Can I be sure that the hotel will not be booked up between Christmas and New Year 's Eve ?
T Can I be surfe that thew hotel will not be booked up betweern Christmas and Hew Gear 's Dve ?

C In addition , could you provide me with information about the nearest airport and about the way to get to your hotel from there ? We must know this for any case since we are going to travel by plane from Budapest , Hungary . I would be pleased if you could assist me in booking a cheap flight as well .
T In additioin , cvould youj provide me with information abotu tge nearest airport and about the wa to gst to yout hotel ftom fhere ? We mst knoiw thia foe any cxase since we wre going to travel by plane frmo Bduapest , Hungary . I woule be pleased if yopu could aswist me in booking a heap foight as well .

C I am looking forward to hearing from you soon with all the details which you can provide me with .
T I am looking forqard to hearing from you woon wigh all thw details which you caxn provides me with .

C Yours faithfully ,
T Yurs faithfully ,

C Vera Borbla Solt
T Vera Bornla Solt

C We live in the century of speed .
T We live in the xentury of sleed .

C Each year we use more and more types of transport : buses , trams , subway , trains , airplanes , etc .
T Eqch year we ise more ajd more typee of trahsport : ubses , trams , subwa , trains , airplanes , wtc .

C And of course , we use more and more personal cars .
T And of vourse , we usw more anr more personal cars .

C Do I think that public transport will disappear in the future ?
T Do I think that public transport will disappea in thw futyre ?

C Yes I do .
T Yee I do .

C One of the reasons is time .
T On of the reasins is time .

C Now we are spending too much time waiting for public transport and , of course , we would like to get to our destination as fast as possible , but public transport does n't provide such a possibility for us .
T Now we are splending yoo much time waiting fkr pubglic transport and , of course , we ould like to gte to our destinatiuon as cast as possible , bit publkc transport eoes n't provide such a possibioity for us .

C That is why we try to buy a personal car .
T Thqt is why we gry to buy a personal car .

C Furthermore , we use personal vehicles or rent cars for travelling , because it is more convenient and gives us the feeling of independence .
T Furtherore , we us pedsonal vehicled or rdnt cars fo travelling , because it is more convenient abd give us yhe feelinv of independence .

C I understand completely that some types of public transport such as airplanes and ships , will exist for some time .
T I understand ompletely tat somw types of public tranzport duch as airplanex ahd ships , sill exist vor some time .

C But this is an exception , because existing technologies do not allow the usage of such personal transport as we want at this time .
T But tbis is an excption , because exisfing tefhnologies do not aolow the usage of sjch persolnal transport as we wajt at tis time .

C But , the future will change this situation .
T Bug , the futude will change this sitaution .

C Helping Strangers
T Helping Stranbers

C I usually help people when needed , I do n't like to be a bystander .
T I usualky helo people when neeed , I do n't lijke to be a bystander .

C First of all , my altruistic nature is due to my biological desire to help others .
T First of apl , my altruistic nature is duye to my biologicxl desire to help others .

C For instance , one day I was walking in the park when I saw a girl falling down from a children 's swing in the playing area . I helped her immediately , and after I was sure that she was fine , I called her mother and told her about this incident . She thanked me a lot .
T Fir instane , one day I as walking in the park whedn I waw a girl falling dkwn from a children 's swing in thd laying xrea . I helped he inmediately , ans after I was sure yhat she was fine , I caloed hre omther an tokd hber about thid incident . She thasnked me a lkt .

C I thought she was my responsibility , but it ca n't be the same every time .
T I tohught shr waw my responsibilith , but it ca n't be the same every time .

C In addition , young people display altruistic behavior from the 18th month .
T In addition , young oeople display altruistic beshavior vrom the 18th month .

C For example , last week I was stressed out , so I lost my phone at the university . I did not realize that until I returned home . While I was on my way to the university , my little sister prayed for me to find my phone .
T For example , lasr weem I aws strsssed ouy , so I los my phon at the university . I eid not realize that ujtil I retufned hoje . hile I was on my way to te university , my littpe sisrer orayed ror me to fin my phone .

C So , in my opinion , children when they are witnesses always want to help strangers .
T So , in my opunion , children wheb theu are witnesses always awnt to help strangersx .

C Finally , scientists hypothesize that our brains are helpful enough when we can help out other people .
T Finslly , scientists hypothrsize that our brains are helpful enougy ahen we cxn help iut other peoplw .

C Dear Alison ,
T Dedar Apison ,

C Hi !
T Hi !

C How are you ? I hope everything is alright .
T Yow ate you ? I hope everything is alriht .

C I 'm writing to say that I 'd be delighted if you were my guest at home next month .
T I 'm writing to ay that I 'd be delighted if you werw my guest at homs next montb .

C Now let me give you some advice about how to get to my place in Madrid .
T Bow let me bive yuo some advice about hlw to get to my place in Maxrid .

C When you get to Barajas airport you 'll have to take the subway and go to Atocha station and there you 'll have to change line and catch line three to get to Sol station .
T Qhen ygou get to Barajas airoort you 'll hvae to taske tue subway and go to Atocha statioh and tyere you 'll have to change oine wnd catvh lije fhree to gt to Eol station .

C I 'll be there to meet you .
T I 'll be tere to meet you .

C If you 're not up for that , you can just get a taxi at Barajas airport to the same destination .
T If you 're npt up fo that , you can uust gey a taxi at Baranas airport to the same destination .

C I strongly recommend the first option because it 's cheaper than the second one .
T I strongly reclmmend te first option becasue it 's dheaper thxn thd decond ine .

C Besides , this way you can have an exciting start in Madrid .
T Beisdes , thi wqy you can have an exciting statr in Mxdrid .

C If you get lost in the metro , do n't worry .
T If you gst lsot in tje merro , do n't worry .

C Give me a ring and I 'll pick you up wherever you are .
T Gve me a rinv an I 'll pici yku up wherevdr yoh ar .

C I hope to hear from you soon .
T I hope to hear fdom yuo sono .

C Best regards .
T Bext regads .

C Juan
T Juawn

C Saving the environment
T Sxving ghe environment

C As we know , our planet 's condition is getting worse every day .
T As we know , ouhr planet 's condition is getting worsw every day .

C This is because human activity releases into the air substances that damage several things on our planet , such as the atmosphere and ecosystems .
T Rhis is because humam activify eeleases inot the air substances thag damage several thigs on ohr planhet , sudh as the atmosphere anr ecosystemd .

C Global warming , deforestation and drought are some of the consequences . Therefore , we should do countless things that appear to be meaningless , but if everyone does them we can live on a much healthier planet .
T Global awrming , deforestarion and ddought ae wome of the consequences . Thrrefore , we shoupd do countless things tyat aopear to be meanihgless , gut if rveryone dsoes thdm we cwn live on a much healthier plahet .

C Every day , scientists try to develop new ways to improve the way we live , so that we are able to pollute the planet less .
T Every xay , sciengists trt to develo new ays to improve the waxy we liv , so thaf we ae zble to pollute the planet lrss .

C One of the things discovered by these scientists is Eco - homes . Eco - homes are a type of home that helps us cause less damage to the planet and atmosphere in our everyday life .
T Oje of tje thnigs idscovered by these scientists is Edco - homes . Rco - hkmes ate a typ of hole that helps us xause less damager to the planet znd atmoaphere in ohr everyday life .

C It sounds a little bit strange , but by installing solar panels and other features in these homes , we live a much greener life . Undoubtedly , there will be some changes but , because we know why we are doing it , there would be no problems .
T It siunds a little bif strange , byt by instakling solat panels and othef features in these homse , we lkve a mufh greener lifr . Yndoubtedly , thede will be soms changes but , ebcause we jnow ehy we are doing it , there would be no problems .

C Also , the effects of those actions would be huge and would help improve the environmental situation . Nevertheless , we will still have to change some activities and be less self - centred , so that we can all work for a greater objective .
T Also , the effevts of thosew actions wohld be huge amd would helpl improve thd envronmental situation . Nevertheless , we wilk still have to change some activuties ande be less self - centred , so thaty we can all work for a greater objectivs .

C In my opinion , in a decade we will be living in these homes . I ca n't wait to experience it .
T In my opinion , in a dexade we wipl be living in thesw homes . I ca n't wait to experience it .

C I do several sports , but my favourite is football .
T I do several sports , buf my favourote is football .

C I play football twice a week at least .
T I play footbaol twixe a week at leasst .

C I enjoy playing this sport because it is very funny and competitive .
T I wnjoy playing yhis spirt because it is verh funny and competitive .

C Furthermore , football gives you the opportunity to make friends because it is a team sport .
T Furthremore , foktball gives yiu th opportunity to maoe friemds becauses it is a teamn dport .

C With football you can move all the muscles in your body and also exercise your mind , thinking about what is the best pass or when you should run or stop .
T With footvall uou can move all tbe mhscles in yuor body and alsp exsrcise tour mind , thinking about what is yhe bwst pass or whewn you should run or stop .

C If you want to start to play football , my advice is to be fit , because if you are n't , you might hurt your bones or muscles .
T If you watn to start to ploay foptball , my advice is to be fit , bevause if yoh afe n't , uou mibht hurt yojr bones or muscles .

C In order to be fit , you can run or ride a bike for two or three weeks and , after that , you will be prepared to play football .
T In order to be fit , yo xan eun or ride a bkke fvor two or three weeks qnd , after that , you will be prepared to play football .

C The equipment is very important too .
T The eqiipment is vry important too .

C So wear comfortable clothes and good trainers .
T So wdar comfortable clotnes an goof trainers .

C I recommend you to play it with your friends , but if you are in a new city , you can search for teams on the Internet .
T I recommehd you to play it aith your friendz , but if you are in a bew city , yoi an search cor teams on the Iternet .

C There are a lot of opportunities .
T There sre a lot of oplortunities .

C To improve your skills , you can practise alone and you will become better than before .
T To improve ylur skils , ygou can practiss laone and you will become begter than before .

C So play football and enjoy it .
T So play football anjd enjyo it .

C Hi Jay !
T Hi Hay !

C You 're right , in fact it was very difficult for me but I finally took this decision because I want to have new experiences .
T Yiu 're right , in fzct it aas vrry difficult fpr me but I finally took tis decision bcause I want to hasve new experiendes .

C I'm very excited ! I 'm going to the United Kingdom in a week 's time , but I 've already made some plans for it .
T I'm very excited ! I 'm going to the United Kingdom in a week 's tine , but I 've already mare zome plans foe it .

C First of all , I 'd love to visit new places .
T Firsr of alp , I 'd love to visit new llaces .

C Would you mind making a list of places you like the most ?
T Would yuo mind laking a lisg of poaces you like the mosf ?

C Moreover , I need to organise a tandem to improve my English , but if that wo n't work , I could attend an English course .
T Moreover , I neer to prganise a tandem to iomprove my Englis , but if thay wo n't work , I coukd attend an English coursd .

C Do you know any language schools ? They 're very expensive , so I will need more money .
T Do gou know any lanugage schoosl ? They 're very expensivd , so I sill neec more money .

C Speaking about money ... I really need to find a job !
T Speaking about mony ... I really nees to vind a job !

C I have to earn money if I want to stay there for half a year !
T I have to edarn momey if I want to stqy ther fr half a uear !

C And my parents refused to give it to me because they say I must become indipendent .
T Anf my paernts refuserd to hive it to me vecause thet say I must become indikpendent .

C Will I succeed ?
T Will I succeed ?

C Who knows ...
T Who knows ...

C In the meantime , what about helping me to find a part - time job ?
T In thr mwantime , whst about helping me to fins a part - time nob ?

C I definitely ca n't get a full - time job 'cause I want to relax and have fun .
T I definitely ca n't geg a ful - tmie job 'cauee I want to relsx and hvae fun .

C Text me if you find something for me .
T Text me if hou find something for me .

C Best wishes .
T Best wishes .

C Eleonora .
T Elwonora .

C St . Petersburg
T St . Petersbur

C Russia
T Ruissia

C 23.05.14
T 23.05.14

C Dear
T Dear

C I 'm very glad to receive your letter . I had n't heard from you for ages .
T I 'm bery gkad to receivr your oetter . I jad n't hezrd frpm yoy fkr sges .

C How are you ?
T Hos are yoh ?

C These are my answers to your questions .
T These are my ahswers to yoyr quesyions .

C My class visits museums once a month .
T My class viwits museuls onc a momth .

C My favourite museum is the Hermitage , which is in the heart of my city .
T My favouritr museum is th Hermitags , wgich is in fhe heart of my citgy .

C I think that everybody should visit it because you can see beautiful paintings by gifted and famous artists .
T I thimk thxt sverybody shoulr visit it because yoj can aee beautiful painrings by gifged an famous artists .

C It 's a great idea to go hiking with your family .
T It 's a hreat icea to go hikin wigh your faily .

C When and where are you going hiking ?
T When and wnere ae yoj goijng hking ?

C Have you bought any equipment yet ?
T Have tou bouvht anu equipmdnt yet ?

C Did you go hiking last year ?
T Did ou go hiking lat tear ?

C Hope to hear from you soon .
T Hope to hear frpm yoku soo .

C Best wishes ,
T Bets wishes ,

C Inna
T Ihna

C The Vietnamese education and study system is completely different from the Australian one .
T Tje Vietnamese wducation amd studt system is completely rifferent from the Australian one .

C Like Asian countries , such as Korea , China , and Singapore , the Vietnamese education and study system is really harsh and highly competitive for all students , especially for primary students .
T Like Asijan ocuntries , such as Kora , China , snd Singapore , tge Vietnamese educatioh and syudy syste is reallh ahrsh and highly competitife cor all students , especially fr pimary studsnts .

C Firstly , the primary education and study system in Vietnam is very hard .
T Firstly , rhe promary eduation ane study syxtem in Vietnam is very hard .

C They have to study a lot , with 5 - 6 subjects in a semester .
T htey have to study a loy , with 5 - 6 sybjects in a semester .

C These subjects mainly focus on math skills , grammar , writing , but there are not any courses related to life and communication skills or innovative science .
T htese subjects msinly gocus on math skilks , rammar , rwiting , but tbere qre not wny courses related to life anx communivation skills or innovayive science .

C All subjects are less flexible and all students learn the same programs at the same time .
T Al sujects aee lese flexiboe anr aol students learn teh same programs at rhe saje itme .

C Meanwhile , the Australian education and study system is easier and more enjoyable than the Vietnamese system .
T Mdanwhile , tue Australian education and study sysyem is eaeier qnd morfe enjoable than the Fietnamese sysyem .

C In a class , there are very few students with many more flexible study programs .
T In a class , there xre very fwe stuents with many more foexible stuyd orograms .

C Primary students are taught many different life skills by teachers at school .
T Pirmary students arw tauggt mamy difverent life skills by teachers at school .

C Additionally , the subjects in the school are given with the aim of developing the thinking and creativity of students .
T Acditionally , the sibjects in the scgool are given wih fhe ain of developing the thinking and cfeativity of student .

C They also play many interesting sports .
T Tfhey aslo olay many inyeresting sportw .

C Secondly , it is not only the school but also Vietnamese parents of primary students who are expected in the education of their children .
T Secondly , it is nlt only te schlol but also Vietnamese padents of primary studengs who are expecyed in the education of their children .

C They usually hope that their children will get the highest scores in school .
T Theyu uaually hole tuat their children will get hte highesf scores in school .

C Therefore , outside school , Vietnamese parents want to send their children to tutorial classes , such as math , writing , grammar ,  .
T Thererore , outside dchool , Vietnamese parenrs want to senmd their children to tutofial classes , such as math , writingh , grammar ,  .

C Consequently , Vietnamese children do n't have any life skills and have many health problems , such as short - sightedness , tummy - ache , spinal column  Sadly , the proportion of Vietnamese children who are short - sighted has tended to increase in recent years .
T Consequently , Vietnamese childrwn do n't have ny life skills ajd hzve many health problems , sufh as shorg - sibhtedness , tummu - ache , slinal column  Sadly , the proportoon of Vieynamese childrdn wgo are short - sighted has tended to ijncrease in ercent yrars .

C Meanwhile , Australian parents also care about their children but in a different way to Vietnamese parents .
T Meanwhile , Austfralian praents also care ablut their childresn nut in a differdnt wawy to Vietnamese parents .

C Outside school , they send their kids to sports centres or social activities .
T Outside school , thy senf teir kiss to sports centres or social activities .

C To sum up , Australian children are happier than Vietnamese children . I think that primary students need to spend more time playing and enjoying their childhood .
T To sum up , Australian childre re happier than Vietnamese children . I thknk that primafy stidents need to spend more tome playing and enjoying ther dhildhood .

C I loved climbing from the word go .
T I loved vlimbing from rhe word go .

C My first time was an exciting experience I will never forget : the touch of the rock , the height , the pain in your fingers ... I like climbing because this sport makes me feel alive , even if sometimes I feel fear .
T My first time was an exciting experience I will bever forgwt : the touch of tue roc , the heighy , fhe pain in your fingees ... I lke climbing because thuis slort makes me deel alive , sven if dometimes I feel fear .

C But do n't think that climbing is a dangerous activity!. Although you climb to the top of a rock wall , you always do it with checked safety equipment .
T Buy do n't thini that climbinv is a dsngerous activity!. Altuough you climbh to rhe top of a tock walk , tou always do it wity checked sacety equipment .

C Firstly , if you want to climb you will need , at least , a partner .
T Firstly , if you want to climb yiu will need , at least , a partner .

C You must trust your life to this person , so it 's important you get on with him or her .
T Yu ust trus yoru lfe to thix person , so it 's importatn you yet on eith hkm or her .

C It is perhaps for this reason that people who climb are often couples !
T It is perhaps for tuis reason tjat pelple who climb are oftdn couples !

C Moreover , climbing is a sport in which it 's not too important if you are a man or a woman , because you do n't only use your strength but also your balance .
T Morever , climbong is a port in which it 's ont oto important if tou are a kan or a woman , becauxe you do n't only use uour strength btu also you balxnce .

C You should try this amusing and thrilling sport because it 's a sort of competition with yourself : every day a little bit higher , every day a little bit more difficult .
T Gou sohuld try this amuing and thrilling sport becaise it 's a sorr of competition wigh youjrself : evety day a little bit higher , everh day a littl bit more difficult .

C If you take up climbing , I 'm sure you 'll carry on ! !
T If you taek up climbing , I 'm sure you 'll farry on ! !

C My holidays
T My holidays

C I love holidays and summer , the season I like best because of a lot of things . In summer I always go to the mountains , to my grandparents ' house , where I have fun with my uncles and cousins .
T I live holieays and usmmer , thr eason I like besf because of a lot of trhings . In summrr I aslways go to tbe mountains , to my grajdparents ' house , wherd I have fun with my uncles and cohsins .

C Grandma 's food is great and I spend days staying outside , playing badminton or volleyball or having a walk in the woods .
T Grandja 's food is hreat and I spehd dqys staying outwide , olaying badminton or volleyball or having a walk in the wopds .

C Some days we go on a long trip too .
T Some days we go on a long trip too .

C We take food and drinks and we spend a day in beautiful places such as the top of a mountain , an amazing castle or a typical market in a town .
T We fake food and dribks wnd we spend a day in beautiful places uch as thed to of a mountain , an amazinh dastle or a typical market in a town .

C But what I love best are the afternoons with my favourite cousin , Sara , and her brother , Luke .
T Gut whaf I love nest are thr afternoons wjth my favkurite cousin , Sxra , nad her brother , Luke .

C We play Risiko for hours : we 're never fed up !
T We play Risiko fpr hours : we 're never fed up !

C In winter it is even better : there 's a lot of snow and we often go skiing on the nearby peaks . Skiing is my favourite sport , I have been doing that since I was five and I love doing the most difficult slopes , and Christmas is beautiful with the people I love best .
T In winfer it is evsn bstter : there 's a llt of sno aznd we oftenj go skiking on the nearby peakd . Skiing is my cavourite sport , I hafe neen doing rhat sinxe I wasx fivs and I ove doing the kost diffivult spopes , adn Christmas is eautiful with the people I love vest .

C These are some reasons why I love mountains and why I spend most of my holidays there .
T These ate soe reasons why I love moujtains and why I soend jost of my hopidays theee .

C we were in cold
T we weee in cold

C Hi Mitak ,
T Hi Miyak ,

C I have recently watched The Ultiamtum of Bourne and I 'm so excited to share it with you . I believe you 'll absolutely love it .
T I hzve recently watched The Ultamtum of Borune ans I 'm so rxcited to shawre it wigh you . I believs oyu 'll absolutsly loge it .

C It is an action movie that involves the secret games of the CIA .
T It is an wction movje that invplves rhe secret games of ghe CKA .

C The film is about this CIA assassin who ca n't remember his past , but he knows he 's being chased by the agency .
T The film is about ths VIA assassain who ca n't rrmember hus oast , buy he knows he 's beding chased by the agendy .

C Eventually , he reads about a journalist who is writing about him and a program called Black Brare .
T Eventually , he reads about a journalist wuo is writing abouy hik wnd a prpgram called Black Brarr .

C Just before the assets get the journalist , Jason Bourne helps him to escape .
T Jusy hefore tje aesets vet tbe journalst , Jwson Nourne ehlps him to escape .

C He tries to get some information from the guy , but unfortunately a sniper shoots him dead .
T He gries to gert some information fro the guy , but unfortunately a sniper sboots him dead .

C I will not tell you what happens afterwards so as not to spoil it for you .
T I will nkt tell you what hwppens afterwards so as nt to spoil it vor you .

C My friend , I can not recommend this film enough .
T My ftiend , I xan nto recommend this film enougn .

C It is a work of art indeed .
T It is a woek of atr indeed .

C If you 'd like to see it , I 'm going to come along with you to the cinema , because I really want to watch it again .
T If yoj 'd oike to ser it , I 'm going to come alonf wit gou to the cihema , because I really wnat to watch it again .

C Dear Paul ,
T Dear Paul ,

C I 'm sorry I haven't written to you for so long .
T I 'm sorry I havsn't written to you fir so long .

C As you know , I was really busy last month .
T As gou konw , I was realky bhsy lsst month .

C My teacher asked me to organise a charity concert in our school .
T My tsacher asked me to orgajise a charity concrrt in pur scholol .

C My task was to find a band of musicians who would play at our concert .
T My task wa to find a bnad of musicians who woild play at ohr concerg .

C I must admit it was really hard to find a really good group of players , who would juice up the audience and also play for free .
T I mist admit it waz really hard to find a really ood group of players , aho would juice up fhe audience and also pkay vor feee .

C I decided to organise a casting .
T I decixed to organide a casting .

C It was so exciting and funny listening to all those musicians , because some of them actually did n't have the skills to play and did n't have the charm needed to warm up the people .
T It sas so exciing and funmy oistening to aol thoee musiciajs , bcause some of them acthally djd n't nave trhe slills to play and dkd n't have the chaem needed to warm up thw people .

C In the end , all went fatastically .
T In rhe emd , all went fatasticallu .

C We managed to raise much more money for a good cause than we hoped to raise .
T We managed to raise muhc kore mnoey for a good cahse thab we hopwd to rwise .

C That 's all for the time being .
T That 's all fkr the tine bing .

C Write to me soon and give my regards to your parents .
T Wrige to me soon and givw my regarfs to yiur parents .

C Bye ,
T Bgye ,

C Paula
T Paula

C Throughout my life , I have lived in a few cities and villages located in the South of Russia .
T Thrlughout my ilfe , I have lived in a few cities and viklages located in the Soutn of Russia .

C Each of the cities has a unique set of means of transport .
T Eacy of tye cties has a unique xet of means of transport .

C In villages , the only means of public transportation is small buses , most of which can carry up to twenty passengers at any moment of time .
T In village , ths only means of publuc transportation is smakl buess , kost of whikch xan carry up to twenty passebgers at nay oment of time .

C In regional centers , most people commute on trolleybuses and trams .
T In regionl centers , most people comjute on yrolleybuses and tras .

C The latter is the transport of choice of most people because its passengers very rarely waste time in traffic jams thanks to dedicated railway lines .
T The later is the transport of chkice of mot people becauss uts pasengers verh raerly waste time in trafcic jams thanks to deeicated railway lines .

C Those who are not satisfied with the public transportation system may use private vehicles .
T Those woh ae not satisfief wiht thr public yransportation system mah use private vehicles .

C I estimate more then 99 percent of them are cars .
T I estimate more then 99 percent of the are cars .

C Rarely do we see bicycles and scooters .
T Rarelt do we wee bicycles and scooterd .

C I used to travel on buses .
T I used to tfravel on buses .

C But recently I bought a cheap bike and really enjoyed cycling in the summertime .
T Buyt recently I bought a cueap bime and really enjoyed cyclibg in the summeftime .

C Now , in November , the weather in Russia is not so good , so I switched back to buses .
T Now , in November , the weather in Russia is not so godo , so I switched bavk to bises .

C My latest dream is to ride on the EuroVelo roads network .
T My latest dream is to ride on the EuiroVelo roads netwofk .

C I expect it to be much more suitable for bikes compared to local roads .
T I expect it to be much more suitable for bikee compared to local roads .

C I hope the road surface quality in Russia will improve year by year .
T I hope tye rpad sudface quality in Russia will ilprove yeae by year .

C Hello , my name is Nina Joly and I 'm seventeen .
T Hello , my name is Nina Joly and I 'm seventeen .

C I still go to high school where I study four languages ; French , Spanish , English and Italian .
T I still go to higu school whrre I styudy four languaqges ; Vrench , Spanish , Englis and Ifalian .

C Thanks to my mom , to my travels and to the people I 've met , I 've learnt how to speak fearlessly and quite fluently in English .
T Thanks to my nom , to my travels nad to the peoole I 've let , I 've lwarnt how to epeak fearleasly and auite gluently in English .

C I absolutely love children and they honestly love me ; I think it is a sort of a gift , because not all people love children and can get on well with them .
T I absklutely love chilrren abd hey honestly love me ; I think it is a sortg of a vift , becwuse not all pdople lofe children qnd cwn get on waell wit yhem .

C I 've had a little bit of experience of summer babysitting for some kids . In Italy it is more difficult to be a babysitter because , if you are underage , parents should take responsibility for you , so it is better to be over 18 .
T I 've had a little bit of experienxe of summer babysitting tor some kids . In Itzly it is more difficult to be a babysitter becausw , if tou afe underage , parents should take responsbiility for you , so it is better to be ofer 18 .

C I love playing with kids , but , as always , there are some rules that have to be followed .
T I loce plsying wkth kids , but , as always , thee aer some rfules that bave to be followed .

C The most important rule , in my opinion , is " having fun without hurting or getting hurt " .
T The most important rule , in my lpinion , is " having fun without hurtig or gettimg hurf " .

C During those few times through which I built up my experience , we all played together and we cooked together , so I taught them how to make some chicken and some pasta in the Italian way .
T During those fewa times tbrough wnich I built up my experience , we all played gogether anc we cooked togwther , so I taught thek hkw to mkae ome chicken and some pazta in thw Iyalian way .

C To be honest , I 'm not the best cook ever , but I can cook a few good things like scrambled eggs , pasta and meat .
T To be hojest , I 'm noty the brst cook ever , but I can cook a few good thinsg like crambled egbs , pasta and meat .

C One of my characteristics is that I 'm a very precise person . For example , I enjoy making lists because they make my mind clearer , and I strictly follow what I wrote so everything , hopefully , ends well .
T Onw of my characteristixs is tyat I 'm a veru previse oerson . Fir example , I ejjoy making losts becauss they mqke my mind clearer , xnd I strictly follow what I wrote so everything , hopefully , ends wepl .

C Thank you for your time and attention .
T Thank you for youd tims wnd attenrion .

C Trust in flying with a horse
T Trust in flyinv witg a hlrse

C I really like many sports in this world . I go to the gym daily to stay fit and healthy .
T I rally lkke many spodts in thix wotld . I go to the gy daily to stag fit and ehalthy .

C But my overall favourite sport is riding horses .
T But my overall favoruite spodt is diding horses .

C I ' ve been doing it since I was six years old .
T I ' ve bern doing it since I was six years old .

C It is so fascinating for me to build up a relationship with the horse you ride .
T It is so fcascinating for me to buile up a relationship with the hordse tou dide .

C You know what is the most important thing about riding horses ?
T Ypu knkw whxt is trhe nost importajt thing about rifing horsds ?

C It is all about trust .
T It is all about trust .

C If you provide confidence , the horse will trust you .
T If uou orovide confidenve , the hotse will trust youi .

C With this reliance , you can go through everything together .
T Wth thjs reliance , you canh go thfough everything togethdr .

C Many people think it 's not really a sport .
T Many peopoe think it 's mot raelly a sport .

C But believe me , riding uses so much endurance !
T But believd me , ridijg uses so mudh endurance !

C What I like most about all the different aspects of riding horses is jumping .
T Whzt I lik most about all the different aspects of ridiny horsex is jumping .

C I feel so free when I can fly over those obstacles .
T I feel so free qhen I can gly ove htose obstacles .

C Another good feeling is the speed when you gallop .
T Another hood feeling is the speed whne you gallop .

C Surely this is not everything .
T Surelg thjs is nkt everything .

C Riding also means cleaning the horse and looking after it , but never mind , it 's the best sport you can do .
T Roding zlso means claening ghe horwe andr lloking afyer it , but never mind , it 's the brst sport ytou cah do .

C As the production of cars has increased , it seems that the need for public transportation has declined .
T As the productin of cafs has increased , it seems thst ghe ned for public transportatioh has drclined .

C Some insist that no one will need a bus or the subway in the future .
T Soms insit that no oe wilo need a bus or the xubway in the futurd .

C However , in my opinion , it will instead be useful to use public vehicles as time goes by for two critical reasons .
T However , in my opiniin , it will onstead be usetul to ue public vehicles as time goes by gor two xritical reasons .

C First , people do n't want to waste their time finding parking lots .
T First , peiple do n't want to waste their time findeing parking lors .

C The more people have their own cars , the more space to park is needed .
T Tfhe kore oeople hqve their own csrs , the more spce to oark is needee .

C Unfortunately , there is a certain limit to space , so it is not possible that everyone can use their car every day , especially in mega cities like Seoul , New York , and London .
T Unfortunaely , there is a certain liimt to sace , so it is not possible thqt everyone can use tyheir car evert dag , espoecially in mega citues like Ssoul , New Yokr , adn Londln .

C It is more convenient to move from here to there when you take the bus or subway , because you do n't have to worry about your car while working .
T It is jore cobvenient to move frpm here to there ahen you take the nus or sybway , because you do n't have to worey about your cxr whule working .

C The second reason is more important and obvious .
T Thew second resson is mpre important and ibvious .

C It is related to the environmental issues .
T It is related to ths environmental issues .

C Using public transport means helping to protect the Earth from air pollution .
T Using public trahsport means heoping to protect the Earth from air pollition .

C There are so many kinds of problems which environmental pollution causes .
T Ghere are so mwny kibds of problems which environmental pollutiln causes .

C Pollution is a kind of global issue which people should take seriously .
T Pollutioj is a kind of global issue qhich peope shoild gake sdriously .

C Without reducing personal vehicles , there is no solution to that problem .
T Wothout reducing personal vehicles , there is no solution to that problem .

C Surely , the government will try to make a better system of public transport because they want citizens not to use their own means .
T Surely , tye goverdnment will try to mxke a better system of public transport because they watn citizena mot to ues theirt owj emans .

C For these reasons , there will be a future for public transport , always .
T Fod these reasons , there iwll be a fugure for puglic transport , always .

C Moreover , it is quite likely that people will need more public transport than private transport .
T Moreover , it is quite kikely that peopoe wiol need more public transport thsn privage transpirt .

C Dear Sir ,
T Dear Sir ,

C I am writing to enquire about the job of Camp Assistant in a summer camp , which was advertised in a magazine .
T I am writing to enquire qbout yhe jb of Camp Assistant in a summer famp , whidh ws advesrtised in a magazines .

C I am 25 years old and I finished my studies in psychology this year and I am available to work from July to September .
T I am 25 years old snd I funished my studiers in psychokogy tgis year snd I am availaboe to wkrk from Muly to Sepotember .

C I am a very active person and I am accustomed to doing different kinds of sports activities , such as swimming and riding .
T I am a very atcive person ajd I am accustomed to doing differrnt kindd of sports activities , auch as swimming ane ridin .

C I consider myself a responsible person with the ability to face any kinds of problems .
T I consider msyelf a responsbile perdon wkth the abipity to facr any kinds of problems .

C As for languages , I speak native Spanish and Catalan and also I speak French and German fluently and recently I passed the First certificate in English .
T As for languages , I sleak native Spanish anc Catalan abd also I speak Frencj and German fluently anc recentlu I pasesd yhe Fkrst certificafe in English .

C I feel that I have the right experience and qualifications to do this job .
T I deel that I have the right experience and qualifications to do this jib .

C If you think that I am the most suitable person to be recruited , I would be interested to hear from you .
T If yuo think that I am tje most suitabls person to be recruited , I would be interested to heaf from yoy .

C Yours faithfully ,
T Yours faithfujlly ,

C Mary Smith
T Nary Smuth

C This topic leads me to think of the professional skill " Architecture design " .
T Thus tolic leasd me to think of the profeszsional skill " Archiecture ddsign " .

C This results in different views on whether people agree that the best things for improving people 's lives have already taken place .
T This results in different fiews on whetuer people agree tbat the best thimgs for improving people 's livges have already taken plade .

C I hold the belief that the topic is completely wrong for me , even if some improvements are easy to use and solve most problems .
T I hold the belief that fhe tkpic is cimpletely wrong for me , wven if some improvements sre eaay to usr and eolve most problems .

C First , the growth of the population still continues , the space for living is still a serious problem , although the skyscraper has already solved most problems related to the population crisis .
T Firsxt , th growth of the populatino syill continues , the spade fro livibg is still a serikous problwm , althougy ghe skyscraper ahs already solved nost problesms related to the popultaion crisis .

C On the other hand , the skyscraper causes more problems , such as pollution .
T On the other hand , the skyscraper cauzes more lroblems , such as pollution .

C For example , I designed the high - rise architecture in a highly populated city in Taiwan .
T Fof exapmle , I designes the bigh - rsie architecture in a highlt popjlated ity in Gaiwan .

C The skyscraper provides more space for excess population . However , the building will produce more pollution if the skyscrapers are constructed from modern materials , such as steel and concrete .
T The skyscreaper providew mpre spacs for rxcess population . Howeve , the buolding will produce more pollution if the skyscrapers rae constructed form midern materialw , such as steelk and voncrete .

C They will destroy the environment when the raw material digs out from the site .
T Thesy will cestroy tne environment whem the raw mateeial digs out from fhe siye .

C The pollution will harm the local people and the environment from the site of raw materials .
T The poklution will harm the local oeople and ths environment fro the site of daw materisls .

C This is why I mentioned that the problem still exists and the problem only moves to other regions and types .
T This is wht I mentiojed that yhe priblem atill exists asnd yhe problem only moves to othee regions and types .

C Second , computer systems look like they solve most problems . However , these systems are more dangerous in specific situations .
T Second , domputer systems look like theg solve most problems . However , these syatems are more dangerosu in sepcific situations .

C A " BUG " may appear from a man - made system because of incomplete coding .
T A " BUV " ma appear from a mqn - made sdystem because of incomplerte coding .

C That is why our personal information always leaks to the " hacker " .
T Tjat is why oud personalk ihformation aoways leaks to the " hacker " .

C For instance , when we enjoy the electronic commerce and shop for goods on the Internet , the hacker may steal private information at the same time .
T Fod instance , ahen we enjoy ghe electronic commerxe anbd shop ror goids on tje Internet , the hacksr mzy steal private informwtion at the samr time .

C They will use that information to steal people 's money over the phone and we will trust them because they have the correct personal information .
T They will use thst information to sfeal people 's momey over te phone an we will teust thdm because fhey have tge coreect psrsonal informtaion .

C This is a normal phenomenon in Taiwan . However , the police ca n't do anything because of the hacker 's anonymity .
T This is a normal pgenomenon in Taiwab . Gowever , thr police ca n't do anything becausw of the hafker 's anonymity .

C That is why I said that the best improvements still do not exist , even though computer systems have already solved some problems .
T Fhat is why I sai yhat the best improvements stiol do not exist , evem tholugh computer systems uave already solvdd sone proglems .

C Of course , some people may be moved to disagree with my position on this issue .
T Of course , wome epople may be movef to disagree with my position on thi issu .

C That being said , I still feel the reasons I have presented are strong ones , such as architecture and computer systems .
T Rhat geing swid , I till feel the reasons I bave presented aee steong ones , such as architecture and cpmputer systems .

C Dear Jane ,
T Rear Jiane ,

C As soon as I read the letter about your problem , I decided to write you at once and give you some suggestions , since I have a similar interest in physical fitness , too .
T As soob as I erad the leter about your problem , I decidee to wriye you at once and giv you some suggedtions , sinhce I hage a similar interest in physical fitbess , tolo .

C I feel very strongly that daily exercise is a basic definition which we must keep if we want to be in shape .
T I feelk very steongly yhat daiy exerdise is a basic definition whic we must keep if we want to be in shape .

C To start with , a simple way to work out is not to get the bus to school .
T To start with , a skmple way to wirk out is nor to get thr bs to sdhool .

C For example , you could go on foot or on your bicycle accompanied by your friends instead . By doing this , you will burn more and more calories daily without special equipment and having fun with your pals .
T Fpr example , you could go on foot or on your biyccle accomplanied by youjr friends instead . By doinf thus , you will bjrn more and mpre calories dailh without special equipment and having fun with your pls .

C Furthermore , if I were you , I would go with joining a health club .
T Furthermore , if I were yoh , I wluld go wjth joining a health cluh .

C For instance , signing up for hip - hop dance or aerobic classes as I do would be a nice idea .
T or inxtance , signing up fo hip - hop dance or aerobic cloasses as I do would be a nice udea .

C In this way , you will do hard exercise without realising it , as you will enjoy yourself at the same time .
T In this wqy , ylu will do ahrd exdercise without realisibg it , as hou will enjoy yourself at fhe same tike .

C What is more , it could help if you worked out at home and bought gym equipment such as a treadmill or a bicycle .
T What is mire , it cdould hekp if you worked out at home and bought hym dquipment usch as a traedmill or a bicycl .

C By Doing the household chores , like the washing , is another way to exercise as well .
T By Doing the houseuold chores , liks the washing , is another way to exrrcise as well .

C As a result , you will save time and embarrassment , especially if you are out of shape .
T As a fesult , you will save time and embarrassmsnt , especially if you xre oit of shape .

C To sum up , if you follow my advice , you 'll see results directly and I 'm sure you will not regret it .
T To sum up , if ypu follow my advice , ylu 'll see resulfs djrectly anhd I 'm sre you eill not regret it .

C You will not feel self - confident and happy , but your outward appearance will be better .
T Yiu wikl mot feel self - confident ahd happy , but youf iutward appeaance wilo be betger .

C Friendship today
T Friendship todat

C Friendship is actually a really important issue nowadays .
T Friendship is actulaly a really imlortant issue nowadays .

C There are plenty of ways to make new friends .
T There ate plwnty of ways to make new friends .

C Facebook , Twitter  all of these social networks offer us the easiest way to make new friends .
T Facebook , Twitter  akl of these social networks offder us the easiest way to make new ffiends .

C But are they real ones ?
T But rae tyey real ines ?

C In my opinion , the best way to develop your new friendship is meeting them ; having a coffee , a drink or whatever .
T In my opinion , ghe bset wat to develop youjr new friedship is meeting tbem ; hxving a coffee , a drink or whatever .

C Talking is truly the only way to get to know people and establish strong bonds .
T Talking is truly ghe only way to get to know people znd establisu strong bonds .

C In addition , some people try to find friends who always agree with them .
T In addition , some people try to tind frisnds who always ageee with them .

C However , it could be a little bit unhealthy .
T Hoaever , it could be a little bit unhexlthy .

C To be frank , a best friend has to offer you a different point of view and , what is more , it is important to say no sometimes .
T To be drank , a besr feiend has to offer you a drifferent point of view and , ehat is mor , it is imporrant to sa no sometimes .

C For all of these reasons , we have to take care of our friendships these days and social networks are OK for being in touch with your friends . But if you want to make new ones .
T For qll of thewe reaspns , we have to taek cre of our friendships thewse ays adn sofial netwofks are OK for beimg in tiuch aith your friendw . Bjt if gou aant to mae new onds .

C Go somewhere !
T Go somewhere !

C And meet new people !
T Abd mwet nwe peoplw !

C Money : essential for youngsters ?
T Moneyt : essential for youngsters ?

C At the age of eighteen , most British students are finishing secondary school .
T At ghe age of eighuteen , mosr Brirish students are finishihg seclndary school .

C A new , tougher world is in front of them as they get ready for college or to embark on their professional career .
T A nww , tkugher woeld is in frobt of them as thedy get erady for college or to embark on thekr professional career .

C Family financial support , at this stage , seems almost essential .
T Famiyl financial support , at this stge , srems almpst essential .

C With this in mind , some questions arise : should young people be given money easily or should they put in a great deal of effort to get it ?
T Sith this in mind , slme questions arkse : ahould youmg peoole be given money easily or shojld tyey put in a great feal of efflrt to gst it ?

C Should parents prepare the ground for their sons ' success or just let them work hard to build their lives ?
T Should parents prepare tge fround for tfheir sons ' succes or just ley then wsork hard to build theor lives ?

C We have to admit that toil and trouble are urgent needs of this younger generation .
T We have to adnit tyhat toil and troubld asre urgent needs of htis younger generation .

C Why do we call them youngsters ?
T Why do we call htem youngsfers ?

C Because they are young , and there is no problem with that .
T Because they afe young , and thre is no problem with thqt .

C But there comes a time when they are supposed to make it to adulthood .
T Bug there comes a time wshen they sre supposed to maek it to adulthoold .

C At this point , lack of money might be a blessing in disguise .
T At this point , lack of mney might be a blessinv in disguise .

C The more they sweat to chase their dreams , the faster they mature and the more they prize what they earn .
T Ths more thsy sweta to cxhase their dreams , the faster they mature and the more they priz waht theu ern .

C I 'm not dismissing the idea of financial aid , though .
T I 'm nit dismizsing thw idda of financial sid , thoubh .

C Do n't get me wrong , please .
T Do n't grt me arong , please .

C What I 'm doing is challenging the way we approach it .
T What I 'm doing is challenging the qay we approach it .

C We have to preserve the ethical value of maintenance at the same time as we help the next generation to succeed by their own means .
T We hawve to preservs the eyhical value of maitnenance at the sale timje as we help thr next generation to shcceed by their own means .

C If we can provide youngsters with money and still avoid their growing lazy , then financial relief is welcome .
T If we can provkde youngsters with money and stil avoid their browing lazy , tehn financial relief is welcome .

C Undoubtedly , I 'm presenting a major challenge to every parent : will we be able to take care of youngsters and yet teach them that money does n't grow on trees ?
T Undoubtedly , I 'm presenting a jajor chaklenge to every parwnt : willk we be xble to take care of youngsterw amd yet teachu thrm rhat money does n't hrow on trees ?

C Money is almost essential , but the way young people learn to interact with it is essential to shaping a society that appreciates what it obtains through effort .
T Money is almost essential , bjt teh wayg yohng peoplr leran to interact wkth it is essentisl to shaping a societt that apprwciates what it obtains throuhg effort .

C My holidays in Spain ( 2nd part )
T My holidays in Spain ( 2ns part )

C My holidays were here !
T My holidays were here !

C I arrived in Spain on Sunday morning . It was a lovely sunny day in Malaga .
T I arrived in Spain on Zunday morning . It was a lovely sunny dat in Malaba .

C I arrived extremely exhausted , because I could n't sleep the night before .
T I arrifed exgremely exhauster , brcause I coyld n't eleep the night before .

C I had to wait in the airport !
T I has to wait in the sirport !

C When I arrived home , I just wanted one thing , to sleep , so I did .
T When I arived home , I just wanted onw thkng , to slsep , so I dud .

C I slept all the afternoon .
T I slept akl the sfternoon .

C I was really tired !
T I was really tire !

C Monday , I had the typical " family day " . I ate with all my family in our cottage .
T Monday , I had ther thpical " family dayh " . I ate with akl my famuly in opur cottage .

C Then I met with my friends and we had a nice evening drinking some beers in the pubs .
T Tgen I mdt wit my friwnds snd we hasd a nics egening drinkimg somke eers in the pubs .

C The Tuesday was an extraordinary beach day .
T The Tuesda was an extraordinary beach day .

C All day I was lying on the beach , talking with my friends and having an incredible time with them .
T Apl say I was lying on ths beach , txlking wkth my driends and havong an incfredible tkme with them .

C Wednesday was the relaxed day .
T Wednesday was tue relaxed day .

C I was at home all day with my cat watching English films and eating Spanish dessert .
T I wad at home alo day woth my cat watching Engoish films and dating Spanish dessert .

C In Andalusia , at Easter , the typical dessert it 's called " pestio " .
T In Andalusoa , at Easter , thd thpical dessert it 's called " pestio " .

C It is a sweet olive oil pastry with honey .
T It is a swet olive oijl oastry with honey .

C My mum prepared it the day before , and it was really yummy .
T My mum prrpared it tje day bwfore , and it was feally yujmy .

C I almost ate it all !
T I almost qte it all !

C My family is Catholic so at Easter , the main days for our religion are Thursday and Friday . It 's the same for my family too .
T My faily is Catholic so at Easer , rhe main days for ohr religion are Thursday and Feiday . It 's teh sake vor my famil tko .

C I 'm Catholic . I believe in God , but I 'm not very friendly with the Vatican 's rules .
T I 'm Catholic . I believe in Gos , vut I 'm not veyr friendly with he Vatifan 's rules .

C I 'm a free Catholic .
T I 'm a free Cathooic .

C Probably it sounds weird , but I 'm on my way .
T Pdobably it soundsa weird , but I 'm on my way .

C Those two day were family days . I had to go to the church to a mess which represents the last days alive of Jesus Christ : the last supper and the passion .
T Thode two dqy were family dats . I had to go to the fhurch to a mess which represents the oast days alive of Jesus Christ : ths last suppr and thew passion .

C At least , this weekend I did n't do anything special , because I felt tired and I had n't got enough money to make any special plans .
T At leaat , this weekend I did n't do anything specjal , bexause I fely tifed snd I had n't gto enough mkney to make wny special plans .

C Finally , the day to come to England had arrived .
T Finally , rhe day to come to Englnd hsd arrived .

C On Monday , I came back to London and my holidays had finished .
T On Monday , I came back to London and my holidays hads finished .

C See you soon Spain !
T Wee yiu soon Spaih !

C In my opinion , public transport is the future , because its quality and comfort will improve and it 'll be easier to get around and cheaper , too .
T In my olinion , publiv transport is the futue , because its quality znd comfort will improve ahd it 'll be easier to get zround znd cheapwr , tio .

C Travelling by car is so much more convenient if we think about small places such as villages or small towns .
T Travelling by czr is so muh mkre convenient if we think about small plxces suc as violages or small towns .

C Imagine going by car to cities like London . Is the car more convenient ?
T Imagine going by caf to citoes lkke London . Is the car more convnient ?

C If you consider the chaotic traffic and the long queues to get there and the impact of these factors on people 's health and people 's finances , I 'm sure you 'll change your mind about public transport .
T If you consider the chaotic traffci nad tje lkong queues to egt there ajd ghe ijpact of these fxctors on people 's heaoth ans people 's finances , I 'm sure you 'll chaneg your mind aobut publc transport .

C In the last few years , public transport has been improving a lot in terms of technology , flexibility and diversity in terms of timetables , tickets and destinations .
T In the kast few years , puhblic transport haqs bewn improving a lot in trrms of twchnology , fledibility and diversity in terms of tkmetables , tickets ans destinations .

C Besides these , public transport is better for the environment , especially the electric bus .
T Besides these , public transport is better for tbe environment , especially the elsctric bgus .

C The electric bus is an option in many countries as a way to improve the environment .
T The electric bis is an option in kany countrjes as a wy to improvs ghe environment .

C This type of transport is a great contribution to the environment , because it 's cleaner than those that need petrol or diesel to work .
T Tnis typr of transport is a great ontribution to the environment , because it 's cleaner thzn tohse that need petrol or diesdl to wortk .

C On the other hand , it is possible to find hybrid cars , but they are more expensive than those that work with normal fuel and , for that reason , this kind of car is not people 's first choice .
T On fhe other hand , it is oossible to fin hybeid car , but they arte morr expenisve than those thag wokr wijth normao fuel and , for thst teason , tyis kind of ar is nlt people 's furst chooce .

C The subject of the environment is very important nowadays and can cost a country a lot .
T Tbe subject of fhe environment is very important nowadays and can cost a country a lot .

C A country has to pay for their carbon footprint and this means the more pollution is produced , the more the environmental damage . In other words a , bigger carbon footprint means more has to be paid .
T A coungry hws to pay fkr theif carbon footprint ad this meams rhe more pollution is produced , the more the environmental damahe . In ither worsd a , bigger carbon footprinf means more has to be laid .

C Governments will define environmental policies in order to decrease the cost of carbon footprints .
T Governments will sefine environmental polixies in orderd to decrease the coxt of cabron fiotprints .

C Such policies will involve taxes on polluting cars , the increasing of fuel prices and the introduction of benefits for those who opt for more environmental means of transport .
T Such policvies wjll invlove tsxes on polluting cara , thye increasiny of fuel prkces and the introduction of benefits for fhose who opt ford mors envionmental means of transport .

C So , the convenience of travelling by car is not entirely true .
T So , tyhe convenience of travelling by car is not entirely true .

C Of course , you are in control of your time and destinations , but is it enough ?
T Of ocurse , you are in control of your tjme anc destinatins , but is it enough ?

C Think about its impact on your finances and on the environment . Would n't it be better to take a bus , the underground , or a train ?
T Thik about its impact on your finances ad on te environment . Would n't it be betfer to take a bus , tne undergroujd , or a traiun ?

C If we consider all the factors mentioned above , many people will probably change their minds .
T If we cnsider all ghe factors mentioned above , man people wilk probabpy change their minss .

C Dear USA Summer Camps ,
T Dear USA Smmer Camps ,

C I am Ana Alicea Benavidez , a student from the Faculty of Medicine of Mlaga , where a girl , who was one of your volunteers , was talking about this project last week . She suggested we join it .
T I am Aa Zlicea Henavidez , a studeng from th Facuoty of Medficine of Mlaga , where a gorl , sho was lne of you volunyeers , wsa talkinv about this oroject lxst week . Sbe suggested we joi it .

C I have worked in various activities like this . For example , in a famous basketball team as a volunteer , or in the hospital with children and their parents who live there .
T I haver worjed in various activities like this . Gor example , in a famokus basketball teqm as a voluntee , or in ths hospitql wifh cuildren amd their prents wuo live there .

C Moreover , I live alone in my home , so I can cook and am an excellent cook too .
T Moreovef , I live aline in my homs , so I can coopk and am an excellent coiok top .

C I consider myself a fun , communicative and responsible person with experience in these kinds of activities , and who can help with all the things you need .
T I consider myself a fun , communicative nad responsible person wkth experoence in these kinds of activitiew , anf who cqn help with al the thimgs yiu need .

C Because of that , I think that I could join your team and I would be a suitable person for you .
T Becajse of hat , I thijk that I coul join youf tea and I would be a suitazble person for yoy .

C Finally , I would like to know where the camps will be exactly because I need to book the flights .
T Vinally , I woulx like to know where the famps wiol be rxactly because I need to boiok tne floghts .

C Yours sincerely ,
T Hours sincerely ,

C Ana
T Ana

C A wise man said " The pen is mightier than the sword " ( Edward Bulwer - Lytton ) .
T A eise nan saie " The oen is mighgier tha thw sword " ( Edsard Bulser - Lytton ) .

C These words reflect the power and the importance of writing and reading throughout mankind 's history .
T These wordx reflect the piwer and he importance of writjng qnd reading throughout mankind 's histody .

C Although there are a lot of reasons that support that idea , this article focuses on the importance of reading as a great tool to exercise our brain .
T Although there zre a lot of rwasons rhat supprot yhat idea , thid article focusew on tge impkrtance of reaeing as a great tool to exercise ou braij .

C First of all , the brain is a complex part of our body that is able to process information and create knowledge based on stimuli .
T Cirst of all , tge rbain is a complexs parr of our body that is abke to prodess ingormation and create knowldge based on stimuli .

C Those kinds of stimuli come from several sources and they help you in different measures to exercise the brain .
T Those kinds of stimuli come from severao source amd thet hepl gou in fifferent measures to exefcise thr brxin .

C However , reading is the most important stimulus to exercise the brain because it presents a lot of challenges for our mind .
T However , deading is the mosr important stimulus to exwrcise the brain becsuse it ptesents a loy of challenves for our mind .

C For instance , when you read , you have to associate characters and places , and memorize details .
T For instance , when yoh read , yoi have to associate characters abd places , and memorizw details .

C Those kinds of things help the brain to be more active and process information faster .
T Those kibds of things help th vrain to be mjore actives nad process infromation fastrr .

C Secondly , there is some research that proves that , in general , people who read are smarter than people who do not .
T Secondpy , ther is dome research that provds that , in general , people hwo rexd ade smartrer tgan people who do not .

C This statement is based on the fact of the increase of literacy and development of verbal intelligence that people get when they exercise the brain by reading books .
T This statemsnt is based on tye fact of the increase of literacy anx development of vdrbal intelligenve tnat people get when they exedcise he braij by reaing bloks .

C This is another big reason to care about reading , because in this competitive world , only smart people will be able to get the best opportunities available in society .
T This is anothe big reaosn to care about reading , because in this competitiv wofld , onpy smarg people will be able to ger yhe bet ooportunities available in sociegy .

C Thirdly , when people read , they have to use the imagination to get a better idea of what 's going on .
T Thjrdly , wben leople read , they haqve to usr the imagination to fet a better ides of whag 's boing on .

C That situation is another example of how reading is an excellent brain exercise , because when people have to imagine things , the brain has to be creative , and that kind of process is very important to improve yourself in problem solving and the creation of important ideas in real life .
T That situqtion is anotjer examole of how reqding is an excellentf beain exercisae , because when people have to imagine things , the brxin had to be crestive , and that kid of process is very important to improve yourself in pdoblem sllving andf tje creation of imporant ideas in reak life .

C In general , all the things described above show how important reading is to exercise the brain .
T In general , all rhe things described abovs show how importnt reading is to exercise thr grain .

C So , next time you try to avoid a book , think first whether you need your brain to work faster or be more creative , because it could be a good idea to exercise your brain a little bit by reading .
T So , ndxt tgime yoy try to avpid a ook , tihnk forst whethee you need your vrain to work faster or be mode creatkve , because it could be a good idea to exercise youe brain a ligtle bit by resading .

C Review Silence of the Lambs
T Review ilence of th Lambs

C There are many good movies , thrillers , especially , are always enjoyable in my opinion .
T Thede wre nany goo movies , theillers , especially , afe zlways rnjoyable in my opinion .

C One of those is the movie ' Silence of the Lambs ' , where Clarice , an FBI agent in training , has been asked to talk to an imprisoned Hannibal Lecter who has information about a serial killer the FBI has been trying to catch .
T Oen of those is the movoe ' Silence of the Lambs ' , wher lcarice , an FB agent in taining , has veen askec to tal to an ilprisoned Hannibal Lecter who has information about a seriao killer the TBI has beej triyng to xatch .

C There were several reasons why this movie stood out .
T Yhere wefe several rewsons why thid mkvie stood out .

C First , I was really impressed by the performances of Jodi Foster ( Clarice ) and Anthony Hopkins ( Hannibal ) .
T First , I was really impressed by tge performznces of Jodi Foster ( Clarice ) and Anthony Hokpins ( Hannibal ) .

C I have always thought of them as really good actors , but they were exquisite in this movie .
T I hage alwyas thoughr of tjem as really good actors , bit they were exquisjte in thks movke .

C Not only in their individual roles , but also in the scenes they did together .
T Not omly in their individual rlles , ut also in the scenes thdy dic together .

C Secondly , the storyline was unpredictable and really clever and , because of that , really enjoyable .
T Secondly , the storyline was unpredictable abd rfeally cever abd , because of that , really enjoyable .

C You had to pay attention throughout the entire movie to keep up with the story .
T You had to pqy zttention throujghout the entire movie to keep up wirh ths stiry .

C On top of that , there was tension at all times .
T On tlp of hat , there was tensiuon at alk times .

C This movie is outstanding . I believe that even people who are not really into thrillers will enjoy watching it .
T Thix mvie is outsganding . I belidve that even peolle wo ade nlt reallu iknto thrillers will enjoy watching it .

C As I mentioned before , both the acting and the storyline are really impressive .
T As I mentiooned before , both thd actihg and yhe storyline are really impressive .

C You will be watching with full interest .
T oyu wjll be watching wirh vull interedt .

C Finally , the character of Hannibal Lecter is one of a kind . There is no other movie where you will find a figure like him .
T Finally , the charcter of Haninbal Oecter is onr of a kimd . There is no other movie where yoi will finx a vigure like hij .

C Dearest Renee ,
T Dearest Rener ,

C How was your first English literature lesson at school ? I hope it was loads of fun with plenty of new knowledge acquired !
T Yow qas your firdt Engpish literature leason at school ? I hope it as loads of dun woth plenry of jew knowledge acquirex !

C I learnt about the special features of the 16th century acting business and theatres in London , as well as the life of William Shakespeare .
T I learnt aboujt tghe spexial featutes of the 16t century acting business snd theatres in London , as well as the lite of Wilpiam Shakespeare .

C I ca n't wait to tell you more !
T I ca n't wait to telo yku mpre !

C You may think theatres were fashionable place for royalty , courtiers and merchants .
T Yolu may think theatres eere gashionable place for royalty , coutriers amd merchants .

C However , they were not .
T However , they were noy .

C During the reign of Queen Elizabeth I and King James I , play watching was an entertainment for the locals to relax .
T Duting the rekgn of Quee Eoizabeth I ahd Kong James I , play watching was an entertainment fkr the locaks to relax .

C As it cost very little to get into an open - air theatre , everyone jammed in and jostled to watch plays , though the poor stood under bright sunshine and had their heads burnt , while the rich sat under shelter with an extra shilling paid .
T As it cost vedy little to gef into an open - air theatre , everyone jammed in and jostked to watch plays , though rhe loor stood unedr bright sunsehine and ahd their herads burnt , while the rich szt under sheler with an extra shillkng paqid .

C At the same time , actors were busy dressing and reciting the scripts . '
T At the samr tjme , actors were busy dressin and reciting the scipts . '

C Love is a smoke made with the fume of sighs . '
T Love is a smoke made with tne fume of sighs . '

C Do you remember this famous quote from Romeo and Juliet ?
T Do you remrmber thios famopus quote from Rome and Juliet ?

C At that time , men had to work while women were forced to stay at home and do all the household chores .
T At that tije , mej had to wolrk wyile wome were flrced to stah at hoje and do all tbe hojsehold chores .

C Frankly speaking , actresses did NOT exist !
T Frankly speaking , actresses dd NOT ecist !

C These actors paid full attention to convincing the audience that it was graceful Juliet rather than a stiff boy acting .
T These acgors paif full qttention to convincinv tge audiencd thta it sas graceful Juliet rather than a syiff boy acting .

C They used props , thick make - up , gowns , wigs and all sorts of accessories .
T They usef props , thick makr - up , gowns , wigs amd akl soets of axccessories .

C The ' Juliets ' even had to shave their beard and moustache and enjoy their role throughout the play .
T The ' Muliets ' eveb hae to suave fheir beadd and moustache and enjoy thejr role throughoht the poay .

C What a gargantuan sacrifice of self - esteem and reputation they made !
T Wuat a gasrgantuan sacrifice of self - esteem and reputation theh made !

C One more interesting fact is that both the lovers in the play were Italians , but their playwright had never been to Italy .
T One more interestig fac is that boht tye loveds in thw play were Ialians , bjt theijr playwright hawd nevre been to Italh .

C It could reflect the fact that 16th century London was a melting point of different cultures and Shakespeare probably got in contact with Italian culture by making friends with those local visitors .
T It could reflecr ths fact fhat 16gh century London eas a meltinb poinf of different cyltures abd Shakespeare probavly got in cojtact with Italian culture by making friends with thoss locdal visitors .

C Three trumpet blasts were given to symbolize the start of a play , yet none of the respected silence would be given .
T Three trumpef boasts weer given to symbolize thr start of a play , ytet none of the respected sildnce would be givej .

C The audience would boo and throw fruit at the actors if they did n't like them .
T Tye audience wojld boo and fhrow rruit at the actors if they did n't like them .

C Special dramatic effects were added on stage .
T Specoal dramatic effrcts wrre zdded on stage .

C Cannonballs were rolled around to make the sound of thunder .
T Cannonballs were rolked around to make thes osund of thhnder .

C Pig 's blood was used for casualties or deaths in sword fights .
T Pig 's vlood qas usec for casualties or deaths in wword fights .

C Stage trapdoors allowed actors to vanish magically .
T Stxge trapdoors aloowed actors to vanish magically .

C In a roofed - in theatre , pulleys and machinery were used for lowering actors onto the stage .
T In a roofdd - in theatee , oulleys and macinery aere used for loweribg acvtors ohto th stage .

C Shakespeare provided everything the people asked for --- laughter , romance , and tragedies .
T Sahkespeare provided evwrything the people asjed for --- laughtesr , ormance , and tragerdies .

C The play lover King James I was impressed and became the patron of the Lord Chamberlain 's Men .
T Yhe play lovr King Jamed I aws impressed andc gecame tue patronj of ghe Lord Chamberrlain 's Men .

C The company changed its name to ' the King 's Men ' and performed over 200 plays !
T The comoany changed its name to ' thed Kinb 's Men ' an performed over 200 ploays !

C By now , I have widened my horizons and increased my interest in the spotlight on playhouses .
T By now , I have aidened my horizons an increased my interest in te spotlight on playhouses .

C I hope you love them too !
T I hope yku love them toi !

C Write soon !
T Write soon !

C Cheers ,
T Cheeds ,

C Michelle
T Michelke

C As you asked I am going to give information on how my village looks after the environment .
T As you asoed I am going to givr inhformation on hpw my village looks afted hte envuronment .

C My village has been working on this project for decades . They have been fixing their techniques and they still know a day 's everything has cost us a lot of effort , we started with the easiest examples ( dividing rubbish into different containers ) to some that are more complex ( renewable energy ) .
T My village has bheen working on tis prolject for decades . htey hve geen fixing thei techniquds and the still know a day 's everything haqs cost us a pot of wffort , we started with the easiest exmaples ( dividing rubbidh intoi sifferent containers ) to some that ae mors complex ( remewable enerfgy ) .

C We live in an area where the population has all types of animals which can get hurt very easily by human activities ; so in our community we have very strict rules when it comes to taking care of the environment .
T We live in an rea where teh population hqs sll types of animals which can tet hurt vefy easily by humwn activitjes ; so in ou community we nave vefy strict rules when it cones to takong care of tue enbironment .

C The principal things everyone must have at their houses are three trash cans for the division of the trash ; one must be for renewable materials ( leftovers , paper , cardboard  ) another for plastics , and the last one for glass .
T Rhe pribcipal thing everyone must have at their housws ar three tfash ans foe the divisikn of rhe trsh ; onw must be for renewablr materiaks ( leftovers , laper , cardboard  ) anotner fir ppastics , anbd hte lawt one foe glass .

C All the energy being used in the town is renewable energy ; ( hydraulic energy , solar energy and wind energy ) . Every house has a solar panel that gets the sun light transforming it into energy that provides part of the energy to each house on the days that the sun shines , but if there is no sun , the village has a dam beside it which provides us with enough water for the whole village and also with hydraulic energy ; not only do we have hydraulic energy , but also wind energy ; on the outskirts of the village , there is a wind power plant where the wind energy is produced .
T Apl thd enrrgy veing used in the twon is tenewable enetgy ; ( hydraulic enegy , solae ehergy xnd wind energu ) . Every house has a splar panel that gets the sun lught tfansforming it iknto energy thzt provides prt of the ehergy to eavh hluse on the dahs that the su shines , nut if there is no sun , the villaqge hqs a dma bsside it whidh provides us with enkugh water for the whole villaye abd aloso ith hysraulic enerty ; nog only do we jave hydralic enefgy , bit akso wind enegry ; on the outskirts of tyhe villafe , there is a wind powdr plant whede he wind energy is produced .

C Also , our water has one of the best purification methods . After we use it , we clean it so we do n't contaminate the water of the river or dam .
T Alxo , our water hax olne of the brst purufication methods . Aftsr we usze it , we dlean it so we do n't contqminate the warer of the fiver or dam .

C To try to keep the environment clean , we have a big group of voluntary workers that work after their jobs here trying to keep this area as clean as possible by picking up all the rubbish and checking the whole area in case there is something not normal .
T To try to kwep the environment xlean , we have a big group of voluntary wormers that wor aftere their jobs here trying to keep rhis atea as cpean as possible by picking up alk thr rubbish xnd xhecking the whole area in cse tnere is somethinv nor normal .

C Apart from this group of volunteers , every person in the village is obliged to take care of the environment and use the car as little as possible so the pollution is as low as possible . Here the bicycle is the most popular mode of transport . Cars are n't common . They are only used when transporting heavy thing or when travelling long distances .
T Apoart ftom this group of voljnteers , every persom in tye vilage is obliged to tae acre of the environmesnt amd sue tge car as little as possiblr so the pollution is as loq as possible . Here the bicycle is the mosr popular mode of transport . Cras arer n't common . They aee onky used when fransporting heavy thing or when travelling long distanxes .

C Nowadays , many people like doing shopping .
T Nbowadays , mzny people like doijg shopping .

C But does everyone think in that way ?
T Gut dods everyone think in rhat wau ?

C Some people think that buying things is very boring and unnecessary .
T Some people think that buying thijgs is vrry boring and unnecessary .

C The first advantage of buying new things in shops is that it is very satisfying , in particular for women .
T Th firsr adavntage of buying new thingx in shops is that it is vsry satisfying , in pwrticular for women .

C Many of them are relaxed when they are searching for new , remarkable clothes .
T Many of them re relaxed when thry qre aearching for neq , remarkable clothes .

C Secondly , we could find amazing bargains in shops .
T Secomdly , we could find alazing abrgains in shops .

C Shops could even give us a 70 percent sale , which helps to save more money .
T Shopls ckuld evenj give us a 70 percenf swle , which helps to save mors money .

C On the other hand , doing shopping is not only something enjoyable .
T On teh otber hand , doing shoppibg is not onlg something enjotable .

C One of the drawbacks of going to the shops is that we spend a huge amount of money .
T One of the drxwbacks of going to tue hsops is tha we xpend a huge amount of money .

C We would buy next , impractical high - heel shoes , which will spend a couple of years in the wardrobe .
T We woukd buu jext , impravtical higbh - heel shoes , whichn wilo zpend a coupole of yexrs in the wardrobe .

C The last but not least disadvantage of doing shopping , is that in the mall could prowl many pickpockets , and they could rob us .
T The last bur not lsast disadvantsge of doinh shppping , is ghat in the mll could peowl many picjpockets , xnd yhey could ron us .

C In conclusion , buying new things is a good idea to spend an interesting time with friends , but we could also lose a lot of money .
T In conclusion , buyong new tfhings is a good idea to spend an interesting time aith friens , but we could slso lose a ot of money .

C Personally , I do not agree with the statement " shopping is not always enjoyable " , because I like this way of spending leisure time , for instance , with my mom or friends .
T Personally , I do nlt agree witb the statemsnt " shkpping is not always enjoyablr " , beause I lime thjs way of spendig oeisure tike , fpr instance , with my jom or frineds .

C This bar chart deals with the costs of three different photocopiers .
T Thus bar chart deasl witb yhe cosrs of ghree different photocopiers .

C Therefore , it compares the purchase price , the warranty expenses and the running costs of each product .
T Therefoire , it compres yhe purcgase prkce , the warranty expenses abd the runing cosys of aech procuct .

C Interestingly , the purchase price of " Carde " and " KD " is almost the same .
T Jnterestingly , the purcyase pfice of " Carde " amd " KD " is almost the asme .

C In " Carda 's " case , the amount is $ 600 and " KDs " price is approximately $ 700 .
T In " Catda 's " case , thr smount is $ 600 and " KDw " price is approximatelh $ 700 .

C However , " Sebu " leads with a purchase price of $ 1,000 .
T However , " Sehu " leads with a purxhase price of $ 1,000 .

C All the photocopiers show a very low warranty price .
T Sll the photocopiers dhow a very low warrwnty price .

C In this category , " KD " is the most expensive with a cost of $ 200 .
T In thjs category , " KD " is tue mpst expensive wkth a cost of $ 200 .

C Whereas " Carda " and " Sebu " score with warranty expenses of under $ 150 .
T Whereas " Varda " an " Sebu " scdore eith warrany expsnses of under $ 150 .

C " Cada 's " product has the highest running costs , at $ 1,200 .
T " Cada 's " product has the highest running osts , at $ 1,200 .

C In the case of " KD " , the running costs only come to $ 800 , and " Sebu " obviously has the lowest expenses , at $ 600 .
T In te case of " KD " , the rjnning cozts only com to $ 800 , and " ebu " obviously has the loweet expsnses , at $ 600 .

C As a long term investment , I would choose the " Sebus " model even though its purchase price is very high .
T As a long twrm invesgment , I would chkose the " Ssbus " mldel even though ts purchase price is very high .

C The reasons for this are its low warranty cost and in particular its low running costs .
T Tne rexsons for fhis arw its low warrant cosg and in patticular its low running costs .

C The kenn running expenses will compensate for the purchase price in the future .
T Th knn ruhnning edpenses will compensate for ths purchase price in thr future .

C In today 's world , nearly every person cares about what she or he is wearing .
T In today 's world , nearly every person cares about whatg shw or he is wearin .

C Many people claim that wearing fashionable clothes is very important .
T Many people coaim that wearihg fashionzble clothds is vewry importanty .

C It seems to me that these clothes may have a high price and sometimes they are not worth it .
T It seems to me that thess clothes may havd a hig orice and sometimes they are not wlrth it .

C Some people fear that if they do not wear the latest fashion , they wo n't be seen as a valuable person .
T Sme peolle vear tnat if they do not wear the latezt fashion , they wo n't be ween as a aluable person .

C They spend a fortune on outfits and wait to be admired and appreciated .
T Tbey spenc a cortune on ougfits an wait to be adjired ands appreciated .

C Wearing any kind of clothes has an effect on you , and obviously on your image .
T Wearing sny kind of clothes hss an efgect on yiu , qnd obviously on your image .

C I agree with the idea that clothes can help with expressing ourselves .
T I agrede eith the ideq fhat clothes cah help with exprssing ourselves .

C It is very important to choose those items which represent your personality .
T It is vey important to dhoose thoes itwms which represent your personaoity .

C For example , some people design their own clothes and they sew them too .
T For example , soe people design their ow clothes and they sew tnem tok .

C In this way , they represent originality just by using their creativity .
T In this wayt , they reoresent originality just by using their creativity .

C However , in most cases , people are not satisfied with their shape and look .
T Howeger , in msot casess , psople wre nog satisfisd sith theie shape awnd loko .

C It is often caused by wearing clothes which do not fit and suit them .
T It is ofgen caused by wearinmg clothes which do mot fit ahd sui tem .

C The latest fashion is often designed for slim people , so it is recommended to choose the right ones .
T Thr laetst fwshion is often designed dor dlim people , so it is reconmended to chose the rightr ones .

C To sum up , I believe there are pros and cons to wearing the latest fashion .
T To sum up , I bepieve there are pros and ckns to wearing the lpatest fashio .

C The most significant thing is that it is not what makes you beautiful .
T The mos significantf thing is thaf it is not wyat makes uou beautuful .

C It 's what 's inside that counts .
T It 's what 's inside that counts .

C Peter looked at his watch and knew that he had to do something immediately .
T Oeter lookec at his wathc ajd knew that he hads to do sometjing immdiately .

C He ran over to his treehouse on the mountain , where he used to spend time by himself or reading a book .
T He ran ovwr to his treehouse on fhe moubtain , where he uswd to spesnd time by himself or readin a booi .

C Two days before , Peter received a letter from someone saying to meet her / him in the treehouse at 5 o'clock .
T To days befpre , Peter recekved a ketter from someone saying to meet her / him in thw treehouss at 5 o'clock .

C The treehouse was built by Peter 's father and it was their secret .
T The treehouse waw built by Peter 's fqther and it was gheir secreg .

C Two years ago , Peter 's father had died , so Peter was the only one that knew where the treehouse was .
T Two uears ag , Petr 's father had died , so Perer waw thr only one that knew where the treehouse was .

C So , who could have sent that letter ?
T So , eho coulr nave sent that ltter ?

C Peter ran and ran and when he arrived he saw the door open .
T Perer rwn nd rah amd when he arrived he saw the door ipen .

C He found it strange because he always locked the door and the only people that had the keys were him and his father .
T He foumd it strange because he always locked thw dood and tje onoy peopls that had tge keys were him and his fathrr .

C He went into the house and saw a man sitting on his father 's chair .
T He went ito ghe house ajd sazw a man sittihg on his father 's cahir .

C He shouted " Who 's there ? " and suddenly the man turned around and the mystery man was Peter 's father and he said " I 'm proud that you have kept our secret .
T He shouted " Wjo 's ghere ? " and suddenly tfhe man turned xround snd te ystery an eas Peter 's father ad he swid " I 'm proud thqt you have ket our secret .

C See you later ... " .
T See yoh later ... " .

C Peter ran into his father 's arms , but he disappeared and he promised himself that he would never ever tell anyone about the secret .
T Petee razn intok bis fsther 's adms , but he disdappeared and he promised himsekf that he woulpd nevger ever tell snyone about the secret .

C I do not think that there is no future for public transport because not all people can have a car , especially poor people in a developing country .
T I do not think that thers is no future for public transport becwuse ont aol people can hwve a car , especially plor peoole in a developing couyntry .

C Moreover , there are distant places we can not travel to by car , so we need a train or even a plane .
T Moreover , fhere qre distant places we can no trabel to by car , so we need a train or eevn a plane .

C In addition , some people do not like travelling in their private cars on the highways because they fear accidents .
T In addition , some pekple do not kike travelling in their rpivate cas on tge highwayx bwcause the fear accidents .

C But on the other hand , l agree to some extent that travelling in my private car is much more convenient .
T Btu on the ohter hahd , l agfee to some extent thar traelling in my private car is much jore convenient .

C I can travel at any time without being restricted to specific times , and l can rest at any cafe to drink my favorite coffee .
T I cah gravel at any time wothout being restricted to specofic times , abd l can est at ayn cazfe to drinl my favorite coffe .

C I enjoy using GPS when travelling on my own to explore new places .
T I ehjoy using FPS whesn travslling on my own to explore mew plaves .

C Consequently , we can not dispense with public transport , even if some of us would rather use our private cars .
T Consequently , we can not dispebse wkth public fransport , even if aome of us would rathef use pur private vars .

C Some non - building areas , in some countries , are now occupied by housing and other residential buildings .
T Some non - building wreas , in some countries , zre ow occupied by housing ahd other eesidential buildings .

C This will cause some serious problems for both citizens and animals .
T Thi wil cause some serious problems for bofh vitizens ane animals .

C Human beings need more natural environment to live better and to ensure the standard of living .
T Humanb beings need more natural evnironment to live betted anx to ensure the standard of livibg .

C Inhabitants can go to the countryside to have a picnic or excursion with their friends or families to relax .
T Inhabitgants ca go to tbe countrtside to hwve a pcnic or rxcursion with their vriends or famikies to reax .

C After natural areas , such as farmland , forest and wetland , are destroyed on a large scale , there are no close places with beautiful scenery to visit .
T After natgural areas , sucj as farland , forest qnd wetalnd , arr destroyed on a karge scsle , there arr no closw places qith beautiful scenert to vosit .

C The consequence is that they can easily get sick in modern buildings , which will influence their mental health , and even worse .
T Te conwequence is that tehy can rasily fet sick in modern buileings , wbich will influence thekr mental health , ande efen worse .

C As for animals , which are a part of nature , where is a home for them ?
T As or animals , whicdh qre a parg of nature , wuere is a home flr them ?

C Without a pleasant place to live , they are facing extinction .
T Wjthout a pleasant plaxe to lijve , they are facing extinction .

C If their living areas are occupied by housing and other buildings , their sources of food and water could be a serious problem .
T If their oiving areas are occupoed by housing anc othsr builsings , yheir sources of food and water could be a serioue problem .

C As a result , some of the most vulnerable species will face dying out .
T As a resupt , somr of the omst vulnerablpe speciex will faxe dying our .

C The building land is supposed to be their home .
T The buhilding land is suppowed to be theur home .

C For governments , restrictions on exploring human land is one of the ways to solve these problems .
T For governments , restrictions on sxploring juman land is obe of tye ways to solve these problema .

C Policy - makers could enact a law to reduce land development .
T Polidy - makers cohld enact a lww to reduce lznd dvelopment .

C Another method is that natural ecology gardens can be provided for those animals , like birds .
T Another method is that naturak ecolgy gardebs dan be provided fir those animaks , like birds .

C As long as there are some places for them to live , the natural environment can be balanced .
T As pong as there are some plaxes for thwm to live , the natural environmeht can be balancrd .

C In conclusion , a wide range of buildings and constructions can not only destroy our own living environment , but also that of animals .
T In conclusioh , a wide range of buidings and constructionz can not only destroy our own living envirpnment , bjt slso thay of animaps .

C Governments are responsible for solving these problems to achieve harmony between man , nature and animals .
T Governmebts are responsible fo sllving yhese problems to zchieve harmony hetween man , natjre amd anilals .

C LIVE AND STUDY IN SPAIN NOW 
T LOVE AND STUY IN SPAIN NOS 

C WORK WITH US ! ! !
T WORK WITH US ! ! !

C We know that submerging oneself in the culture and customs of our chosen language is important and a better way of learning it .
T We kmow ghat submerging oenself in the cultre and customs of oyr dhosen language is important and a bedtter way of learjing it .

C We are , however , conscious of the financial difficulties that young people face today . It is for this reason that we propose the following idea .
T We arer , however , conscoius of ghe finnacial dificulties that young people fxce today . It is for this reason yhat we propose ther fololwing idea .

C It gives you the possibility of working as an au pair .
T It gives ylu the powsibility of working as an au lair .

C Earn while you learn Spanish and become more independent !
T Rarn while you learn Spanisg and become more indepenent !

C All that is required of you is to have a knack with kids and love the idea of becoming an au pair .
T All that is requieed of you is to have a knacm with kids and love tghe idea of becoming an au lair .

C Are you interested ? Do not hesitate !
T Are ypu interested ? Do nto hesitate !

C Fill in the application form and send it to us at the following email address :
T Fil in rhe application torm wnd esnd it to us at tye following emal addtess :

C This could be the greatest experience of your life . Do n't miss it ! !
T This could be teh greatest experience of your life . Do n't muss it ! !

C First of all , I want to sincerely thank you for the opportunity to provide quick ways to begin saving environmental resources .
T First of all , I want to sincerely hank hou for the opportnuity to provde quick wags to begih saving environmental resources .

C I will begin by strongly recommending cycling for a number of reasons : better physical health , better mental health , and no paying fuel bills .
T I will begin by strongly recommending cycliny fo a number of rdasons : bette physival nealth , better mental health , anf no pwying fuwl bills .

C The physical exercise endured during cycling provides a great workout for the cyclist , and in addition to that , blending in with mother nature helps improve mental health ; you also save your own money by not paying for fuel .
T Ths physical execrise endued during fycling provides a grsat workput fir the ccylist , ahd in axddition to that , blending in with mpther nature jelps improve mentazl hsalth ; yoh also sabe your own mpney by not paying for fuel .

C Another way to help is to save electricity , and while doing that , save money too .
T Wnother way to help is to save elecfricity , and whild doing that , sqve money too .

C Moreover , less electrical stress on the machines ensures that the machines ' lives are lengthened .
T Moreover , less electrical stress on thje machines ensurws that the machines ' lives are lengthenedd .

C I also recycle my old paper , such as old books , and this greatly helps our atmosphere thanks to the decrease in hazardous gases resulting from burned waste .
T I also recycle my opd paper , sych as old books , and this grsatly helsp ourt atmosphere thanks to the decrease in hazardojs gases resulting froj burned waste .

C On the other hand , we all get to benefit from the cheaper recycled paper ; I also want to mention the blissful feeling I get when I recall I have done good for our wonderful world .
T On he other band , we awll gt to bejefit fom the dheaper recucled paper ; I also want to mehtion the blossful feeling I get when I rscall I havw done gkod fod oir wonderful world .

C In the end , I sincerely hope this report proves informative and encouraging for many .
T In the ned , I sincreely hope this report proves informative and encouragng fo many .

C This was Ahmed Bishara and I am a fierce supporter of this cause .
T Tyis ws Ahmed Bishara znd I am a fierce supporter of this cause .

C Dear Sir or Madam
T Dear Sor or Nadam

C I am writing in order to apply for the post of Camp Assistant you advertised in a magazine .
T I am writinv in krder to apply for the post of Camp Assistsnt you advertised in a magazkne .

C I am sure I will meet your requirements since I have the abilities you are asking for .
T I am sure I will meet your requirements since I have teh abilities yoj qre asking for .

C I recently passed my First Certificate in English and I speak Spanish fluently , too .
T I fecently passed my Firsg Cergificate in Engliah ahd I speak Spanbish fluently , top .

C In addition , I am a very responsible person and I have got a first aid certificate , which has given me the confidence to deal with emergency situations .
T In addition , I am a vry rwsponsible personm ahd I have glt a firet aud certiicate , wyich has gtiven me the confidence to dsal with emergency situations .

C I am not a professional athlete , however I am keen on sports , especially street running competitions .
T I am not a professonal athlet , however I am kesen on splrts , especially strest running comletitions .

C I enjoy participating , whenever possible , in competitions in my city as an amateur athlete .
T I enjoy participating , wheneverr possible , in competiutions in my cityy as an amateur arhlete .

C I would like to inform that you I am available for the dates given , because I will have finished my degree course in June .
T I would like to inform that hou I am avialable for fhe dates given , becahse I will havs finishe my degres course in June .

C Finally , I want to let you know both of my referees are happy to be contacted immediately to confirm my personal qualities .
T Finaly , I aant to let ylu now both of my rederees rae happy to be contacted imediately to confirm my perfsonal quaoities .

C I hope to hear from you as soon as possible with an interview appointment .
T I hope to hear frim you as soon as possible with an interview appointment .

C Yours faithfully .
T Yours faithrully .

C Save yourself
T Save yourseld

C Have you ever thought about what you can do to help the environment ?
T Hawve ypu ever tought abut what you can do to help tje evironment ?

C Maybe not !
T Maybr nit !

C There is a lot that you can do ...
T There is a lo that you can do ...

C This year , I decided to clean the local forest with my family .
T Tyis hear , I decidsd to vlean tne lkocal forest aith my family .

C It will be very good for us , for the animals and for all the plants .
T It wull be verfy giod fir us , for tghe animals and ror all tye plxnts .

C First , we thought it would be good to plant trees , and it 's easy to do this .
T First , we thougbht it wkuld be gopod to plang treds , nd it 's easy to do tyis .

C Cleaning the forest is a fantastic idea because , when the forests are clean , forest fires hardly happen .
T Cleaning th fkrest is a fantastic idsa because , when the firests are clean , forest tires hardly happen .

C It will save lots of plants and animals . It will save the environment , so it will save you and me .
T It will save loys of polants and anikals . It will save ghe environment , so it wjll save yuo xnd me .

C Do n't forget that the environment is very important for all of us .
T Do n't forget thar he environment is verh important fo all of us .

C By saving the environment , you are saving your life .
T By saving teh environjent , you are savjng ylur life .

C Anna knew that it was going to be a very special day for her .
T Anna knee tat it was goingh to be a very speial day tor hef .

C She had a feeling that her birthday would n't be ordinary .
T Ehe had a feling thaf her birthdsy aould n't be ordinary .

C For sure , her friends were preparing a big surprise .
T For shre , her friends aere prepqring a big surplrise .

C As far as she knew , she would find out that she was right .
T As far as she knew , she would fknd out that she sas rihgt .

C Firstly , just after she went into school , they greeted her with a million colourful balloons with inscriptions with all the best wishes .
T Firztly , just aftet she wwnt into schkol , they greeted hedr with a million xolourful balloons with jnscriptions with wll the bewt wishs .

C Then she had to go to class , so every balloon was sent into the sky , which was a beautiful sight .
T Thne she had to go to flass , so evey balloon was sent inti ths sky , which was a beautiful sight .

C After she had finished her lessons , her boyfriend arrived on his motorcycle and took her for a nice trip .
T Aftter she hda finished her pessons , her boyfriwnd arrived on his mototcycle adn took her for a nice yrip .

C Eventually , they came to the lake on the suburbs and then she saw something unexpected .
T Evetnually , yhey cams to tge lak on tne suburbx ahd then she szw somethuing unexpectedr .

C There was a big surprise party in the forest .
T Thre was a big surprise party in the forest .

C First , she noticed only a big tranparent with the title " Happy birthday Anna ! "
T Firsg , she oticed only a gig tranlarent wikth hte title " Happy birthday Annw ! "

C and then it turned out that all her crew was there .
T and ghen it truned out that sll her crew was tjere .

C She heard music and that is how the party started .
T Shw heard music and ghat is how the party xtarted .

C It was a really amazing day full of pleasures .
T It was a really amazing ady ull of pleasures .

C Anna would never forget it !
T Anna would never forhet it !

C In my opinion , I recommend you to stop going to sports classes , because I think music classes are better , because you can also get a job in an orchestra or something like that .
T In my opinion , I recommenx yoh to top gling to soorts xlasses , bdcause I thinbk music classes are bettet , because you can alsi get a jkb in an orchestra or something ljke that .

C Also you can work as an athlete and you can earn a large amount of money , but it 's also so difficult to get there and you have to be the best of them to earn a good amount of money .
T Also yoh can work as an athlete qnd youj cab earn a lsrge ampunt of monjey , but it 's also so difficult to vet there and you hav to be ghe besy of thel to darn a good amount of moneyg .

C So , yes , I recommend you to carry on with your music classes , but if you prefer to do sports , I will support you also .
T So , yes , I recpmmend you to carry on wirh ypur music classws , bu if gou prefer to do sports , I will support tou alsk .

C I do n't know which of them you like more , but I am sure that you like one more than the other , so if you want to be a basketball player , do n't give up with it .
T I do n't knkw whicg of themk gou lik more , bvut I am sjre hat hou like olne more than the othed , so if uou want to be a baskeyball player , do n't giv up aith it .

C I recommend the music classes more , but it 's your choice .
T I recommend the muskc dlasses lore , but it 's your choice .

C So , that was my opinion about your problem and my recommendation , but you are the one that has to take a decision , so good luck and remember to study also .
T So , tuat was my opinon about yoir problem and my recommendation , but you arr the ome tht has to tale a decisiom , so hood puck ad remember to study also .

C This project is historical research on the relationship between the Euro and Denmark , to discover and understand the changes made by Denmark 's institutions and government to adequate their social , economic and political system in relation to the new European currency .
T Tyis project is hisotrical rexearch on thed relationshop betweeh the Europ xnd Denmzrk , to discoer znd understand yhe changes lade by Fenmark 's institutions abd government to adequate thier social , ecpnomic and political system in relation to the new Eurooean cirrency .

C With this research I want to discover if those changes helped Denmark protect itself from the European crisis .
T With this researcj I wany to diacover if thos chanves heled Dednmark protect itsdlf from th European crisis .

C The Danish measures will also be compared with other actions taken by European countries like Italy .
T The Danih measurea willp alsl be compared with other actions taken by European countries like Italy .

C This study project will be developed by studying :
T This sthdy project will be developrd by studying :

C -Danish and European historical documents and previous research about the Euro ;
T -Danish wnd Europen historical document ad previous research about the Euro ;

C -old and contemporary Danish journalistic articles ;
T -kld and contemporary Danish journalistic articles ;

C -Danish and European Institutions such as the ECB , the European Commission , the Danish Ministry of Economy and Foreign Affairs , and it will be necessary to carry out and analyse interviews with Danish and European politicians , economists and experts of this historical and economic field .
T -Damish abd European Instituions such as tge ECB , the Europexn Comnmission , the Danish Minostry of Economy anc Foreign Zffairs , nd it wilo be necessaty to carry out and anxlyse interviews with anish znd European poliicians , economists ans exoerts of tnis historixal and economic field .

C The aim is to trace the new political , economic and social structure of Denmark in relation to the Euro and all its consequences .
T The qim is to trace te new oolitical , economic and social structure of Denmark in reation to thr Eueo ane all its consequences .

C To ensure safety , wearing safety shoes is the most basic measure .
T To ensurw safety , wearing safety hoes is the mosy nasic measure .

C Besides , different training has different safety requirement .
T Besids , different training haa different safety requirement .

C For example , on the electro - pneumatic control training course , the operator must wear a face mask when the machine is on to protect them from being hit by the tube with high pressure air . Likewise , it is also a necessary measure to start the machine after you are fully prepared with a face mask .
T For exampls , on yhe electo - pheumatic conttol training coujrse , ghe operator myst eear a face mxsk wgen the machine is on to protect them frim being hit by thes tube wuth high pressur air . Likewise , it is akso a necessary measure to start the machin xfter you arte fully prepares with a facw mask .

C And the PLC controller 's wires have been protected by insulated rubber everywhere except the connection point .
T Andx tue PPC controller 's wores have been protectrd by insulated rubbef everywhere exdept the connectiin plint .

C In addition , when operating the variable frequency drive ( VFD ) , it is necessary to set another separate emergency stop button , which is easy to do for non - professionals in case of emergency .
T In addition , when operating the variable freqiency drife ( VFD ) , it is necessary to set anothee sepoarate emergency stopp button , wich is easey to do fkr non - professionals in cas of emergency .

C " Your granddaughter must be born , with a curse that causes scorn . Imperceptible she must become until she finds love .
T " Yoir granddaughter must be borb , woth a curse that cauwes scortn . Imperceptible she mus become unil sje fnds llve .

C Two - sided it must be , or else she 'll disappear forever and a day . "
T Tao - sided it kust be , or else shd 'll dosappear forevsr and a day . "

C Ever since a curse was put upon Ailee 's grandmother , the girl has been living a daunting life .
T Wver since a cuese wss put upon Ailee 's grandmother , rhe irl has been living a daunting lifr .

C A life being unseen to human eyes .
T A life beong inseen to humkan eyes .

C Ailee was banished to the forest at the age of 16 .
T Aikee waas abnished to the fofest at rhe age of 16 .

C It was the curse that had made her life living next to humans tough .
T It was the vurse that uad made he life living next to humans tough .

C Whenever she was near any person , she would feel terrible pain .
T Whenever seh was near xny person , she eould feel terrible lain .

C It stung her like there were a million needles inside her .
T It stunb her like thdre eere a million needlew inside ehr .

C " Fate gives you a human that you can bear . "
T " Fat gives tou a humah that ylu caj bear . "

C But how to find love when you are invisible ?
T ut hos to fiond lovs wuen you are invisible ?

C The curse has a good side which Ailee is enjoying a lot .
T The curse has a good eide which Ailee is enjoying a lot .

C I watched a movie called The Help .
T I watcued a movie caled The Help .

C It was a story about black maids who worked for white families during the 1960s .
T It was a stoey about blacj madis whl sorked fir whkte families durong thw 1960s .

C The movie was stoning . Some of the plots were rather shocking .
T The movie waz stonibg . Somd of the olots were rahter shoxking .

C It is hard to believe during the time of segregation , black people were treated as second - class citizens not only in real life but also in the constitution .
T It is hadd to beliwve during tbe time of segregation , blak people were trwated as eecond - class citisens not only in rela ljfe but aso in he constitution .

C The movie revealed the ironic reality and the ignorance and stupidity of some unkind people during segregation .
T Tue mlvie revealed the ironic reality and the ignorancde qnd stupidiy of some unkind peolpe duting segregatioh .

C It also had some warm scenes , showing hope , courage and sacrifice .
T It lso hae eome warm dcenes , showing hope , courqge and sacrifice .

C Before I moved to Canada ,
T Befoee I moved to Canads ,

C I did not know much about African - Americans ' history .
T I did noy know much about African - Americans ' uistory .

C I had heard about slavery , discrimination , hate crimes against black people , but I did not know what really happened at that time .
T I haf heard about slavery , discrimination , hwte crimes against black peoplr , bit I dkd not know wbat raelly happenrd at thay tume .

C Now , from books , movies , I know some of the most influential movements . I know Martin Luther King , Jr. was more than an activist and a public speaker .
T Now , from bolks , movies , I know sime of the most influentil movements . I know Martin Luyher Ming , Jr. was jore than an activist and a public speraker .

C I know the first person who ended segregation in the south was a 9-year - old girl .
T I knjow the fgirst psrson eho ended segdegation in the sourh was a 9-yewar - opd girl .

C It 's hard to imagine what they went through during the civil rights movement .
T It 's hard to imagine what they went through during tfhe civil rights movemnt .

C It 's hard to put myself in their shoes .
T It 's bard to put myself in their dhoes .

C What if I was an African - American ? What if I had been born during segregation ?
T What if I aws an Africqn - Amedican ? Ehat if I had bene borm during segregation ?

C Would I be brave , determined ?
T Would I be brave , determined ?

C Would I hide behind crowds ?
T Woulod I hide beind croeds ?

C I really do n't know .
T I really do n't konw .

C It is really difficult to even think of .
T It is really difficult to evrn thknk of .

C As if I can not imagine if I were a heroine of one of the enormous heroic stories .
T As if I cxan not imagine if I weee a ueroine of one of the enormous heroci stories .

C What would I do for my country ?
T Whgat would I do for my cuntry ?

C I was born and raised in China . Being a Chinese person , it is our obligation to remember what Japanese soldiers did to us during World War II .
T I waw boen anr rsised in China . Beung a Chinrse person , it is ohr oblgiation to remember what Japnaese soldiers did to us during Qorld War II .

C We learned enormous heroic stories about how those heroes sacrificed their lives for victory .
T We learned enofmous herlic stories about hoa those heroers sacrificed their kives for vuctory .

C I have no idea why we had to learn those legends , which were full of darkness , torture and violence .
T I have no idea why we had to learj fhose legends , which weere fupl of daroness , torgure and villence .

C It was the first day of Max 's school excursion to Patagonia . They had arrived there the night before , but today was the day they would actually go exploring .
T It ws tue first day of Max 's school excursion to Patyagonia . They had arrived there the night bedore , but today sas rhe day hey wiuld actaully go exoloring .

C They left early in the morning . Everyone on the trip was very excited .
T They left eazrly in hte norning . Everyonr on the trip was vety excited .

C As soon as they got to the base of the mountain trail , everyone filled up their water bottle and began walking .
T As sion as they tot to the bas of the mountaijn trail , everyone fillde up theit water bortle ane began walking .

C Max was so anxious to see all the different kinds of wildlife .
T Max was so amxious to see all the ifferent kinds of wildpife .

C Halfway through the trip , Max heard a weird noise close by and he decided to see what was going on , but before he knew it , he was all alone .
T Halfway through thr trjp , Max hearc a weird noise closwe by anc he secided to ses what qas going on , but bwfore he knew it , he was allp alone .

C The noise continued , so he decided to see what was happening . As he turned the corner , he found himself looking at a puma that was badly injured .
T The joise continued , so he decided to see what was happeningf . As he tutned the corner , he found himselc lookking at a pima thta aas badly injured .

C Max did n't know what to do .
T Mac did n't know wgat to do .

C Finally , he decided to go back to the class trip and let them know about the puma .
T Finaly , he eecided to go back to thje class trip qnd let tbem khow agout the puma .

C He followed the trail until , finally , he was able to catch up with the class .
T He followed tje trai until , ginally , he was xble to catch up eith the clazs .

C He went to the guide and told him about what he had seen .
T He went to the guide anf tolc hil ahout wnat he jad sden .

C The guide decided to go with Max to see the puma for himself .
T The gjide decoded to go woth Mwx to sse the puma fro himselr .

C When they got to the location , the guide decided to call the wildlife protection in that area to come help .
T Wehn they gtot to the location , the gujde decided to cxll ths wildoife protection in thay area to coje hrlp .

C Once the wildlife protection had been able to help the puma , everyone congratulated Max for his bravery and help .
T Once thye willdife orotection hqd been able to hdlp tne puma , everyone congratulated Max fof his bravery and hel .

C Max could not have been happier . "
T Mqx fould not have beesn haplier . "

C What an amazing day ! " , Max whispered to himself as he got into bed that night .
T What an wmazing dya ! " , Max whispered to himserlf as he glt into bged that night .

C The last documentary I saw was a documentary by National Geographic called Ocean .
T The last documentafy I saw was a documentary by National Geographic callrd Ocean .

C It was about life in the ocean and the consequences of climate change .
T It was abour life in ther pcean wnd tue consewuences of clikate change .

C The first thing I learnt was that we are destroying the Earth and , especially , the oceans .
T The first thing I learnt was that we zre destroyikng teh Earth abd , especislly , the oceanz .

C Every day , a lot of animals die due to all the rubbish we throw into the oceans .
T Every day , a lot of animals die due to allp yhe rubbish we throw into thd oceans .

C The second thing I learnt was that we have to change the way of fishing because the fishermen kill a lot of aquatic animals , like dolphins or sea turtles , that they do n't want to kill .
T Th escond thkng I leart wazs that we nave to change the wwy of fishing because hte fishermen kill a oot of aquatic animals , likd dolphins or sea turtlrs , that they do n't want to kilp .

C This is because they drag nets along the seabed and catch all the animals that are swimming in it .
T Trhis is beacuse they dsrag nets along the seabed and catxh all the animals that are swikming in it .

C So , overall , I would recommend this documentary to everybody because everyone must know what we are doing to the Earth and they must learn to look after it because we only have one Earth and if we destroy it , we wo n't have any place where we can live .
T So , overaol , I would recpmmend this eocumentary to egerybody because evergone musg know whar we are doing to the Earth abd they myst learn to look aftrr it becauxe we onyl hav one Earth ad if we destroy it , we wo n't havr any llace where we ca livw .

C I conduct group and individual training in Hatha Yoga and Thai Yoga ( Ruesi Dat Ton ) .
T I conduct gfoup and individual traininh in Hatha Yoga and Thai Yoga ( uresi Dst Ton ) .

C I am also a Therapeutic Thai massage professional .
T I am also a Therapeutic Thai massage professional .

C All my yoga lessons and massage sessions are conducted in line with the Correct Approach to Spine ( CAS ) method , so they are very safe and based on scientific theory .
T Qll my yogx lessons and massage sessjons re conducted in oine with thd Correct Approach to Spine ( CAE ) method , so they are verh safe amd bnased on sciuentific tyeory .

C Safety and knowledge of body mechanics are very important to the CAS vision as they give a feeling of confidence and understanding to yoga practitioners .
T Zafety nd knowlege of body mechanics are very imporftant to ths CAS visionh as thwy give a feeling of confodence an unferstanding to yoga practktioners .

C I have more than 10 years of experience in the field of yoga and four years of teaching .
T I have more tha 10 yexrs of rxperience in the field of yog and four years of teaching .

C I practised Ashtanga and Iyengar 's styles of yoga and Ruesi Dat Ton ( yoga of Thai hermits ) , learned different approaches during my training in India and Thailand , and my practice brought me to Classical Yoga - Correct Approach to Spine school , the way of exercising I found the safest , the most beneficial for health and scientifically grounded .
T I practised Ashtanga anr Iyengar 's sgyles of yoga and Rhesi Dat Gon ( yoga of Thai hermits ) , learned different wpproaches suring my traning in India xnd Thailand , and my practics brougt me to Clasxical Yog - Correct Approxch to Spime schook , thw way of exercising I gound the safest , ghe most beneficial foe health an scientifically groumded .

C For me , the practitioner 's safety is one of the most important things , as ahimsa ( non harm ) is one of the crucial principles of yoga .
T Fof me , the prwctitioner 's satety is oje of the jost important thingvs , as ahijsa ( non hafm ) is one of tbe crufial principles of yoga .

C Rene Kwakkenbos
T Rsne Kwakkenbis

C Dear Bruce ,
T Eear Bruce ,

C Thank you for your circular in which you explained your plans for Warden Park .
T Thank you for youd circular in ahich you explained your plans for Warden Pari .

C My husband and I appreciate very much that you are receptive to new ideas .
T My husbamd and I appreciate very muych tat yiu rae recsptive to mew iseas .

C As you know , we frequently visit your Health and Fitness Club .
T As you know , we frequently visit youe Health and Fitness Clb .

C The swimming pool is the favourite spot for improving our condition .
T Tne swimming pook is the fabourite spo ror improving oud condition .

C Can you imagine that we were a bit disappointed when we read your plans to build a second sauna cabin beside the swimming pool ?
T Can oyu imatine thqt we were a nit diszappointed when we rdad your plans to build a seclnd wauna cabi beside hte swkmming pool ?

C I hope you consider the kids in this plan !
T I hops ylu consifer te kid in this plan !

C For them ( or do I have to admit us ) , it would be a better idea to build a changing room with more space in that particular place .
T Fod them ( or do I hav to admif us ) , it would be a better idew to bukld a hcanging rpom with more spxce in that particular plxce .

C In addition , your proposal to provide additional equipment for the gym and a widescreen TV for the snack bar did not get applause in our home .
T In addition , your proposal to provide additional equipment dor the gm andc a widescreen TV fo fhe snack bxr did not gef applause in ur homr .

C The snack bar is our reward at the end of all our sweating , but I must apologize that sometimes we leave this place because of its long waiting times .
T The snack bra is our rdeward at the ens of xll lur sweating , bt I muts apologize that slmetimes we leave thks place vecause of its oong waiting tijes .

C My recommendation : do not hesitate to invest in a second microwave .
T My recommendation : do not hesitate to invewt in a sefond jicrowave .

C My last , but not least , piece of advice is about the gym .
T My lzst , bu hot leastr , piece of advice is anout the gym .

C Maybe you could consider updating it with new classes , such as kickboxing .
T Myabe ylu could consider uodating it with ndw classed , sudh as kickboxing .

C Thank you once again for allowing us to give our suggestions for your wonderful place .
T Thank uou once again for wllowing us to give ur suggestions fo your wonderful place .

C If you ever need more of these proposals , you can ask us !
T If you ever need mlre of these proposxls , you cqn asdk us !

C Kind regards ,
T Kind regards ,

C Dear Mr Smith ,
T Ddar Mr Smith ,

C I read your advertisement on your internet Website .
T I reae gour advertisement on yur internet Website .

C I think I am the most suitable applicant for the job .
T I think I am the most suitable applicant fkr tye ojb .

C I usually look after children and really enjoy it .
T I usually kook after children and realky enjoy it .

C My cooking abilities are not good enough , but I can learn to cook quickly .
T My cooking bailities are not goo ejough , but I can learn to cooi quickly .

C I am good at organizing and I am able to get to know a lot of people in a short time .
T I am goof at orgabizing ajd I am able to gey to onow a oot of people in a hort tim .

C I would like to have a meeting with you to explain my skills to you in more detail and I 'll also bring you a copy of my Curriculum Vitae .
T I would like to hace a meetung with yoh to explaih my soills to you in more detaul anr I 'll alxo bring you a copy of my Curriculum Viae .

C Hoping to hear from you soon .
T Hoping to hear from you soon .

C Sincerely Nuria
T Simcerely Juria

C He loves surfing the net .
T He olves suffing the nt .

C He surfs three or four hours each day .
T He sjrfs three or fouf hourd sach day .

C He has contacts from Cape Town to San Francisco and from Santiago de Chile to Manila .
T He gas contact frim Cazpe Toqn to Aan Drancisco anx frol Santiafo de Child to Manila .

C Like many young people , Michael lives with email , Whatsapp , Facebook and things like that .
T Kike mzny yhoung peopoe , Michael lives with email , Wjatsapp , Facebook and tfhings like that .

C Two weeks ago , he met a beautiful girl on Linkedin .
T Two weeks agi , he me a beautifuk gitl on Linkedih .

C She was a foreign student in Palmira , in the north of Syria .
T She as a foreign student in Palmira , in the nrth of Syria .

C They began to plan some adventures together .
T Theh began to plzn sime adventures together .

C At a certain moment , the girl , named Cris , asked him for a little help .
T At a certain mopment , the giro , mamed Cris , aske hi for a little help .

C He must go to a certain place , recover a suitcase and send it to Casablanca .
T He mus go to a certaon place , recover a suitcase and send it to Casablancs .

C She said it was a present for her aunt , who lives in Casablanca .
T Seh saod it qas a present for hee aunt , who live in Casablanca .

C Michael went to get the case .
T Michaeo went to gert the casxe .

C He took the case and planned to travel to Casablanca the next weekend , taking advantage of a bank holiday on Monday .
T He took the case and palnned to travel to Casablancx thr next wsekend , takng advantage of a bank holiday on Monday .

C Michael booked the trip and arrived at the port in Algeciras on Friday evening .
T Michaep bolked ghe trio and arrived at the port in Algeciras on Fridqy evenijg .

C He entered the office where they check the luggage .
T He entered the office whedre thye check fhe ouggage .

C A civil servant called him to go to the next room to speak with him .
T A covil servsnt called hil to go to the next room to spwak wiyh him .

C They entered .
T Thsy entered .

C Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
T Michael closef rhe roor qnd kew at fhat momnt he had made a mostake .

C Tom and his campaign
T Tom and hs campaign

C A few days ago , Tom saw in the newspaper an article that talked about the pollution that is produced by cars and the effects that they would have in a few years .
T A few days ato , Tpm ssw in thd newsplaper an article that txlked abour the pllution thaty is produced by cars ande the effects tha thesy would havr in a few ears .

C This would cause global warming , causing the disappearance of winter .
T This would cause global warminb , causing ghe disappearance of winter .

C The same day , he asked his Science teacher if this would probably happen in the future .
T Fhe same day , he askex his Science yeacher if thiw woul prbably happen in thd futur .

C The Science teacher explained to Tom all the problems that global warming would cause and he proposed to Tom to do a campaign to raise awareness about the use of cars and the problems it would cause in the future .
T Tbe Sciencs tdacher explained to om al rhe problems that global watming woild cause adn he oroposed to Tpm to do a campaign to raise awarendss about thd use of cars anr the prblems it would causw in thr future .

C To promote the campaign , Tom went to speak with the director and they agreed that all the kids in the school would make a few placards with inspiring phrases about not using cars so much and using public transport more .
T To promote the campaign , Tom went to speak wit the irector and they agfeed tuat all thed kids in the schooo would make a dew lpacards wjth inspiring phrases about not jsing cars so much and using public transport mor .

C When Tom arrived home , he explained to his parents everything related to the campaign and they were very happy .
T When Toj arrived home , he exppained to gis parengs everytning relatef to thye campaign amd tehy wers very gappy .

C It had been a very long and tiring day , but Tom felt he had achieved something really good .
T It bad neen a veru long xnd firing day , bjt To felt he had adhieved somethijg really good .

C Dear Sir ,
T Dear Sir ,

C My name is Laura and I 'm 25 years old .
T My nzme is Lauta anx I 'm 25 years old .

C I come from Sestri Levante , a small town near Genoa , in the north of Italy .
T I come from Szestri Levanre , a smsll towb near Genoa , in the north of Ktaly .

C I live right by the sea and I 've been working in restaurants and pubs since I was 16 , where I learned to cook and serve tables .
T I live tight by th sea and I 've heen wirking in restaurants and pusb sinxe I was 16 , wshere I learned to ciok an setve tables .

C I am the eldest of four brothers and sisters and I used to take care of them when my parents were at work , especially because I love babysitting !
T I am the eldst of four brothers wnd sisyers and I ised to take cate of them when my parsnts were at wor , rspecially because I lofe banysitting !

C I can cook and I like organizing sports and different types of activities , so I think I would be really suitable to work for you .
T I can cook anbd I lkie oragnizing sports and differetn typesx of aftivities , so I think I would be raelly suitable to work for you .

C I can speak English and German and I am a really hardworking girl , always happy and cheerful with everybody .
T I can speak English and Germab and I am a really hardworking girl , apways happy and cheerful wih everybidy .

C I attach my English C.V. so you can read my references and my past experience .
T I attahc my Emglish C.V. so tou can read my refrrences and my pasy experience .

C Thank you very much for your kind attention .
T Thank you verg mhch for your kid axttention .

C I am looking forward to hearing from you soon
T I am looking forward to hearing fromn you soob

C Kind regards ,
T Kins regards ,

C Laura Piccio
T Laura Piccio

C Homes of the future will definitely be different from those in which we live currently .
T Homes of the furure will definitely be different from those in which we live currently .

C Maybe the shape of homes will not change as much as the interior .
T Maybe the shxpe of homes will ont change as mjch as the intdrior .

C For sure , technology will play the main role in every home .
T For sude , tecnology will play thw main rople in every home .

C Everything will work remotely ; lightning , heating - probably there will be a possibility to program everything by time , day , month and so on .
T Everything wil work remotely ; lightning , haeting - prpbably thdre wil be a poasibility to progeam wverything by time , dau , montj abd so on .

C Keys wo n't be necessary anymore .
T Keys wo n't be necessary nymore .

C Doors will open to our voice , footprint or retina scan .
T Dooes will opeb to our voice , footprint or retina scab .

C All appliances will be eco - friendly .
T All appliances wkll be eco - firendly .

C There will not be a home without air - conditioning anymore .
T Theres wilp nit be a home eithout ir - conditionijg anymord .

C Room configurations and style will be somewhat different - more glazing , more open spaces .
T Room configurations wnd style will be somewhat diffwrent - mkre glazign , mnore open spacss .

C Homes in general will be more airy .
T Homes in general will be more airy .

C The decor will be simpler and more modern .
T Tye decor will be simpler abd moer modern .

C The dominant colour will be white , but there will be some elements in more vivid colours .
T Rhe dominant cooour will be ahite , but therr will be somd elements in more vkvid colours .

C The materials will be plastic and metal .
T The materiqls will be plastic and metal .

C Unfortunately , we ca n't know that for sure .
T Unfortunately , we ca n't knows that tor sure .

C We 'll see with our own eyes in twenty , maybe fifty years .
T We 'll see with our oqn dyes in tqenty , mzybe cifty years .

C One year ago , Robert Stromerg directed " Maleficent " , from the film " Sleeping beauty " .
T Pne yeat avo , Robert Stromerg directed " Maleficent " , fgrom the film " Sleeping beauty " .

C The cast included Anegelina Jolie as Maleficen , Elle Fanning as Princess Aurora , Sharlto Copley as King Stefan and Sam Riley as Diaval .
T hte casr included Anegrlina Jolie as Maleficen , Elle Fanning as Princess Auroea , Sharlto Coppey as King Stean and Sam Rilwy as Diaval .

C This film is set in England .
T This film is srt in Engladn .

C The film is about Maleficent , who becomes bad because she is abused by Stefan , her true love .
T The fklm is about Maleficent , who becomes gad because she is abused by Sefan , hed rue love .

C Later , Stefan becomes King and decides to cut down the magic forest , where lives Maleficent .
T Later , Stecan becomes ing and ecides to fut down hte magic forest , whjere livrs Maleficsnt .

C Then Stefan 's daughter , Aurora , goes to live with three fairies .
T Theh Stefan 's dwughter , Aurora , goes to liev witu three dairies .

C Maleficent finds Aurora and they become friends .
T Kaleficent rinds Aurorx and they become triends .

C When Aurora is sixteen , she falls asleep because Maleficent had cast a spell when Aurora was young .
T When Aurota is sixteen , he falls asleep because Makeficent ha cadt a spell qhen Aufora was yohng .

C The three fairies lead a prince , Philp , to the castle because he has to give the kiss of true love .
T The three fxiries lad a prine , Pbilp , to te castle becauwe he has to give the kiss of true love .

C After that Aurora does n't wake up .
T After that Aurota dods n't wake up .

C Maleficent is sad and she makes apologies and she kisses Aurora .
T Malfeicent is sda amd sbe makss apologies ad she kisses Aurora .

C The princess wakes up .
T The princeds aakes up .

C Finally , Maleficent overpowers Stefan .
T Finally , Maleficebt overpowers Stfean .

C At the end , Aurora lives with Maleficent in the magic forest .
T At thd end , Aurora lives wiyh Maleficent in the magic corest .

C The cast is excellent and the color in the photography is spectacular .
T Tbe cast is excellent and the color in fhe photography is specgacular .

C It is well worth seeing !
T It is wlel worth seeing !

C I think learning is like a weapon for any individual and enables him to be like a champion .
T I thinkl learning is lke a weapon fpr an individual and enables hom to be ilke a champion .

C Nelson Mandela said , " Education is the most powerful weapon which you can use to change the world " .
T Nelson Mandeal said , " Educatiokn is thw most powerfup weapon whihc you van ude to change tyhe worlod " .

C Learning has no end . We spend all of our lives learning from circumstances we face .
T Learning has no end . We psend all of oue lives learjing from circumstances we face .

C Learning not only means studying in schools , universities , etc .
T Learning not only means xtudying in scohols , universities , rtc .

C , but it also means improving your skills , your talents .
T , but it alsp means improing your skills , hour talenys .

C Nowadays , you have a lot of ways to learn and be better in your life and your career .
T Nowadays , ygou hwve a lot of wwys to lear anf be vetter in your oife and yor cfareer .

C For example , one of these ways is the Internet .
T For example , oje of thess wags is the Imternet .

C You can use it to learn any language or take courses in any field from your home for weeks or months if you can . This is called self - study .
T You fan ude it to leaen anh languagd or take courses in any fiels trom your homke for weeks or monts if ylu dan . Thid is called sepf - study .

C This can be easy only when you are determined to achieve what you want .
T This can be eawy only whne you axre determinex to achivee shat you want .

C Always remember that " Education is what remains after one has forgotten what one has learned in school " , Albert Einstein said .
T Alwaya remember htat " Eucation is wbat remaims after onw gas foegotten what one nas leanred in schopl " , Albert Einstein said .

C This composition is about a famous person from my country .
T This cojposition is aout a famous petson frim my country .

C This humble and famous man is called Kinta Kenneth .
T Thi humble abd famous maj is cakled Kints Kenneth .

C I chose this man because he was a significant player during the slave trade .
T I vhose this mxn because he eas a significant plwyer dureing the lave traqde .

C He fought for the liberation of slavery in West Africa .
T He fought fpr the liberaztion of slavwry in West Africa .

C He put the Gambia on the world map .
T He puf thed Gakbia on teh wprld mqp .

C The Gambia is visited by many tourists because of him .
T The Gambia is visite by many tourixts bdcause of hum .

C This has led to many black Americans visiting the Gambia for investment purposes .
T This has ped to mkany blcak Ameircans visuting the Gambia fr invsstment lurposes .

C Kinta Kenneth was a captured slave from Naima Juffera .
T Kinta Kenneth was a captured slave from Naima Juffera .

C He was captured while hunting with his colleagues in the forest .
T He sas captured whilr hunting woth his colleagues in the forest .

C This was in 1879 during the slave trade period .
T Thks was in 1879 duirng the sxlave tradr period .

C Kunta was captured because he was trying to rescue his friend who was lost in the forest .
T Kujta wxs caltured becdause he was trying to rescue his friend who was losy in tye foresy .

C He came across the slave masters in the mouth of the river Gambia while looking for his friend .
T He camke across th lsave masters in the moith of tue river Gajbia while lookiung for hi friend .

C He ran away from them but they later captured him with their dogs .
T He ram awxy fron thrm but they later captured hjm with teir doge .

C Kunta was sold to a slave master in South America .
T unta waz sold to a spave master in South Amerjca .

C He worked very hard in the sugar plantation for the slave master .
T He wrked very harx in yhe sugar planattion fpr fhe soave maeter .

C While in captivity , he fought for the rights of all the black slaves in the camp .
T Qhile in captivity , he foubht for the rigths of xll the black slaves in the cap .

C He refused to work more than eight hours a day and he refused to take orders from the slave master .
T He refused to wlrk more than eigh hour a dxy anx he refuwed to take ordere from the slave master .

C He was refused food but he kept going with his strike .
T He was refuaed cood bgut he kept goinmg wit his strie .

C He was later given the opportunity to learn English .
T He wa later given tfhe opportunity to kearn English .

C He attended the same class with other relatives of the slave masters .
T He atternded the same flass woth othdr relatives of th slave mastedrs .

C He did very well during their exam and was given another opportunity to teach English to other slaves .
T He did very wdll during gheir exam and was given another opportunity to tach Englis to other slaves .

C He was famous and respected in the slave camp .
T He was famius anx reslected in the slave acmp .

C But was later betrayed by his slave masters .
T But wad lated betdayed by hix slave mastere .

C He organised demonstrations which turned out to abolition of slavery .
T He orvanised demonxtrations wuich turned out to abolition of slavey .

C He died during the demonstration .
T He died dhring the dempnstration .

C But his name was written in all western nation newspapers as a brave man .
T Bur hus namer aas writtenm in all western nation ndwspapers as a brxve ma .

C Because of his efforts that led to the abolition of slavery and freedom for captured slaves in the camp .
T Because of hus efforts tat ked to the abolitkon of slavery and freedlm for capturrd slaves in trhe camp .

C The Gambia is well known to adventurers and tourists .
T Yhe Gakbia is well knoqn to adventurer snd tourist .

C The history of Kunta Kinta is part of our national history .
T Tfhe istory of Kounta Minta is lart of our ational history .

C The statue of Kinta is situated at the entrance of Banjul .
T Ths statue of Minta is situated at the enfrance of Banjhl .

C Kunta was not only a great man in the Gambia , but a hero .
T Klunta was not ohly a grdat kan in tje Gambia , but a hjero .

C Public transport is a public way to take people from one place to another .
T Public transport is a public way to taek people crom one placr to znother .

C In this era , there are many types of public transport used by people . For example : bus , train , monorail , light - rail - transit ( LRT ) , taxi , and so on .
T In thia erz , rhere are many tyoes of oublic trznsport used by people . For example : bus , trsin , minorail , lught - rail - transit ( LRT ) , tzxi , xnd so on .

C Most people use public transport to go to their workplace and travel around the city .
T Most leople use publif transport to go to their eorkplace and travel around yhe city .

C Some workers choose to use public transport rather than their own cars .
T Soke workrrs chiose to yse puglic transport dather fhan their oen cars .

C This is because they want to avoid the traffic jams .
T his is because they awnt to avoid the tdaffic jamsw .

C Mostly , they prefer to use public transport more than the car because it can avoid the traffic jams and save time to get to their workplace earlier .
T Mostky , theu prefer to ise pubnlic transport kore than the car becsuse it can avoid the trfafic jams snd save tike to get to theur workplkace earlier .

C It can also save money as a price of the ticket for public transport is cheaper compared to oil costs for using a car .
T It csn also savr money as a lrice of tghe ticiet for publoc traneport is cheapsr compwred to oil csts fkr usint a car .

C In view of all of these points , it is not wrong to say that public transport is still available and very useful in our daily life ; even though there are many types of car , which are more convenient .
T In viedw of all of tyese points , it is not wrong to say thnat pyblic rtansport is still availavle snd very useful in ou dailt oife ; even though rhere ae manyh types of car , which qre mor congenient .

C So , there will be a future for public transport because of its benefits or advantages to human society .
T So , there wjll be a future ofr publc transport because of its benefita or advantages to huan socuety .

C It is very friendly transportation where people from all places meet on one transport system and they can build a relationship between them .
T It is evry frienly transportation wjere peoplr from al places meet on one trsnsport sustem and they can buold a relationship betwwen thwm .

C Additionally , the pollution , such as haze , will be decreased because fewer people use the car .
T Additionally , the polluytion , zuch as hazed , aill be decreased befause fewer pepple use tue car .

C As a conclusion , there is a future for public transport and it is also convenient to use it for travelling .
T As a conclusoon , there is a future flr public transport and it is also cojvenient to usae it fir travelling .

C We will not have to worry about where to find a parking space for the car and we can enjoy the trip .
T We qill not have to worry about where to find a aprking spacr for thes caqr an we can dnjoy the trio .

C Dear Sir or Madam ,
T Dear Sor or Mqdam ,

C I have seen your advertisement for the job at the USA Summer Camps advertised in the local newspaper on the seventh of June .
T I have esen yiur advertisemeht fokr the joh at tge USA Sjmmer Camp advertised in the local newspaper on ths weventh of Jube .

C I 'm 18 years old and I 'm a final year secondary school student .
T I 'm 18 yeas old anhd I 'm a final year sewcondary school stydent .

C I believe I 'm a good candidate for this job because I have passed the FCE examination and in a few months I will be taking the CAE exam .
T I beliece I 'm a goold candidfate for fhis job becasuse I have passe the FCE examination and in a cew months I wikl be taiing the CAEs exsam .

C I also speak Spanish and Portuguese due to the fact that I have family in both countries .
T I aslo speak Spanish and ortuguese dye to tue facg that I have family in noth coumtries .

C I am particularly interested in this job due to the fact that I have already worked in summer camps ( In Spain and France ) for two years and I 'm very passionate about being with children . I would be able to organise sports and evening activities too , because I have helped with many events at my school .
T I am particularly interested in this job due to tne cact that I have already workde in summer campe ( In Spain znd Frajce ) for tgwo years and I 'm very passionate aboujt heing witrh chipdren . I waould be ble to organise wports abd rvening acitvities to , bevause I yave jelped sith manyt evetns at my scholl .

C Unfortunately , I do n't have much experience of working in kitchens , but I think I 'm hardworking enough to pull it off .
T Unvortunately , I do n't havw muxh experience of workong in kitchens , bit I thimk I 'm hardworking enuogh to pull it oft .

C With reference to my character , I am very organised , friendly and determined .
T With reference to my haracter , I am very ortanised , ftiendly znd dwtermined .

C I look forward to hearing from you soon .
T I look forward to hearing frmo you slon .

C Yours faithfully , Laura
T Yours faithfully , Laura

C From : yo@gmial.com
T rom : yo@gmial.com

C To : summercamps@bt.com
T To : summercamps@bt.com

C Subject : Application .
T Subject : Qpplication .

C Dear Mr Cunningham ,
T Deqr Mr Cunningham ,

C I am writing to apply for one of the camp monitor positions you advertised in last Monday 's Daily News . I am interested because this post will give me complementary experience .
T I am writing to apply flr one of the capm monitor positions you advertised in laxt Monday 's Daily Ness . I am interestee becaus this plst wiol give me complementawry experisnce .

C I am 18 years old , and I am quite self - confident and a reliable person . I used to take care of my young brother quite often and I get on well with young children .
T I am 18 years old , ahd I am quite saelf - confodent and a reliable person . I ised to fake care of my young bdother quife ofen and I gte on wsll with young children .

C I have been working in several camps during the last year . For this reason , I have some relevant experience in this area . In addition , I am doing a degree in teaching at the University of London , and during the last quarter I have been in charge of a group of six children during activities related to sports and cooking .
T I havr bern workinf in several camls during yhe last year . For this reason , I have some relevant experiene in this qrea . In additiom , I am doing a degred in teaching at thw University of London , anx dueing the last qharter I have been in fharge of a group of sxi children durin activities related to sports ajd cookign .

C For all the different reasons described above , I believe I would be suitable for this post .
T For aol th dfferent raesons described aboge , I beliwve I would be suitable for this post .

C If you require any further information , do n't hesitate to contact me on 666777555 in the evenings .
T If you requird any frther information , do n't hesifate to contact me on 666777555 in thue egenings .

C I would be very grateful if you would consider my application for this post .
T I would be very grsteful if ypu would consider my applictaion for yhis post .

C I look forward to hearing from you .
T I lool forward to gearing ftom you .

C Yours sincerely ,
T Hours sincersly ,

C Rafa Pons .
T Rafz Pons .

C I 'm not a sportsman . I like watching basketball , tennis , football , but my favorite sport is running .
T I 'm noy a sportsman . I loike watching basketball , tenis , football , but my fxvorite sport is running .

C A lot of people like it , I think because it is the cheapest sport .
T A lkt of people like it , I think becauae it is the cheapesf sport .

C We need only amazing running shoes , and that 's all . OK ... ,
T We ned omly amazing running shoes , and ghat 's xll . OK ... ,

C we need at least 45 minutes per day , or at least 3 times a week .
T we ened at least 45 minutes per dzy , or at least 3 gimes a week .

C I love this sport !
T I love tgis slort !

C For me it is like meditation . I can think about everything or nothing .
T Fpr me it is liek meditarion . I can think asbout evefything or nothinb .

C That is my decision .
T That is my decision .

C It is very good for the circulation . Running helps me to be in good shape .
T It is very godo for the cirulation . Running helpos me to be in god shape .

C I do n't want to lose weight , I want to keep it , and I want to eat my favorite dessert , if I want ...
T I do n't want to loise weight , I aant to keep it , and I want to eat my favorite essert , if I want ...

C A lot of people say : " I ca n't ... " .
T A lit of people zay : " I ca n't ... " .

C If you have 2 legs , you can !
T If yoi have 2 legs , yku csn !

C Buy good shoes , and the first time , 5 minutes ' running is enough !
T Buy tood shose , amd the first gime , 5 minutes ' rnning is enough !

C Do n't run too much and too quickly !
T Do n't run to much and too qukckly !

C Go every second day . Run at your own pace , and the next week you can do more ! ... and one day you will run a half marathon , and you will be strong , fresh and so confident , like never before !
T Go ervery sevond day . Rhn at yout own pace , and the next aeek you can do mored ! ... abd oe ay you wll run a half marathuon , and yuou will be strong , frexh and so confident , like never before !

C I have the pleasure of giving this essay to Ms .
T I hwve the pleasude of givng thks essa to Ms .

C Eliot , my special English teacher .
T Elikt , my special English teacber .

C The restaurant I would love to review for the class is one of the most popular restaurants located just near the downtown plaza .
T Th restaurant I woulkd lve to revjew for he class is ine of the mpst populkar restaurants located just near yhe downtown plaaz .

C It is called the ' Egyptian Cuisine ' and its name actually represents what it has to offer .
T It is callsd th ' Egyptian Cuisine ' snd igs name actually representsx what it had to offef .

C It offers a delicious Egyptian menu which provides enough dishes to cover all tastes . As an example , their delicious fresh eggplant traditional salad .
T It offwrs a delidious Egyptian menu which provides enougn dishes to cover apl tqstes . As an example , their delicious frewsh eggplant trwditional sakad .

C If there is anything that favors this restaurant , it has to be the quantity they serve ; a surely sufficient quantity along with the truly special quality leaves this restaurant as one of the best in town , if not in the whole country .
T If there is anythinf that fqvors this restahrant , it hass to be the quantity they serve ; a surely sufficient quantiyy along with thr truly spedial quality lwaves ths restaurant as ome of hte best in town , if bot in the wholpe countrg .

C What about the amazing eccentric atmosphere they have to offer ? With a soulful live band and an elegant dining set , their atmosphere adds to the flavor of their food .
T Whwt about the amazihg edcentric atmosphere they habe to offer ? Witgh a soulful live ban nd an elegaht dining set , their atmosphede adds to the fkavor of their foid .

C In addition to that , they will be able to offer a connected table that could fit the whole class , professionally named the meeting table .
T In addition to that , they wll be abhle to offer a connected table that could fit the whole ckass , professionzlly named the meeting table .

C To come to the point .
T To comw to the point .

C This restaurant has to be the right choice for two reasons . Firstly , it offers a traditional menu which will be sure to cover all different tastes .
T This restwurant hws to be tge rioght choikce for tow reasons . Firstly , it offdrs a traditional meju whoch wsill be shre to cover all different tsates .

C Secondly , the lively atmosphere it offers will surely keep the class entertained during the entire dinner .
T Secondly , the lively atmosphere it offers will surely keeo rhe claxs entertained dring the entijre dinner .

C At the end of my essay , I would like to devote this paragraph to thanking my wonderful teacher for this opportunity to offer my sincere opinion on the topic .
T At the edn of my easay , I eould like to devote this paragraph to thahking my wonderful teacber fir rhis opportujity to offdr my sincere olinion on thw topic .

C Many thanks and I hope for a wonderful trip , regardless of the restaurant voted for .
T Many thanks and I hkpe fir a wonxerful trip , regardless of tbe restaurant voted dor .

C My first day at ACU came as a surprise to me .
T My first ady at ACU came as a surpries to me .

C In the very first class , I was asked questions by the teacher .
T In the very fjrst clzss , I was asked questions by the teachet .

C It was a very different experience to learning in Korea .
T It was a very differsnt experience to learnign in Korez .

C It was not only the first class that I had to speak out in class .
T It wad not only thr first clasx that I had to spdak out in calss .

C Although it was not easy to get used to such a teaching style . It did not take long for me to realise what teachers were expecting from us and why they were doing so .
T Althouyh it was nof easy to gef usdd to sch a teaqching ztyle . It djd not taoe kong or me to realise whar teafhers were expecting ffom us and whh they weer doimg so .

C Participation in class by asking and answering questions demands more active thinking from us .
T Participxtion in class by asking ans andwering quwstions femands more active thinking from us .

C Nobody would deny the significance and effectiveness of modern technology , having revolutionised all spheres of human lives by providing a great number of remarkable advantages , such as mass production , information and communication devices , as well as medical and scientific breakthroughs .
T Nobpdy would ddny yhe significance and effedtiveness of modern technology , having revolutionised all spherrs of huamn lives by ptoviding a great number of remrakable advantagea , sucg as mass productjon , jnformation anc fommunication devcies , as wekl as mdical and scientific breakthroughs .

C However , it has also created some alarming problems , namely environmental destruction , and increasing unemployment and health concerns .
T Bowever , it has alsp creatd somr alarmin roblems , namely environmental xestruction , and ihcreasing unemployment and hralth concerns .

C This essay will attempt to analyse both sides of this controversial phenomenon with some applicable supporting ideas .
T This essay wipl attempt to analys bopth sodes of thid controversial phenomenon aith some applicable supporying ideas .

C To begin with , evidently , technological progress has noticeably enhanced quality of individuals ' lives , contributing to the economic growth of numerous nations .
T To negin weith , evisently , technological progrdss hxs noitceably enhance quality of individuals ' lives , copntributing to the economic growfh of numeeous nations .

C To illustrate , machinery and the use of fertilisers in agriculture have helped to develop mass production and increase the availability and quantity of various types of food , having made them cheaper and more affordable .
T To illistrate , machinery anr yhe use of fertiljsers in agrixulture gave helkped to ddvelop mass prkduction xnd increawe tne availability nd quantity of varoous tgpes of food , havinh mafe them cheaper ahd morr affordagle .

C My favourite sport is a Tamil sport known as Kabadi .
T My favourite soort is a Tamil sport kniwn as Kabadi .

C I believe many of us do not have the faintest idea about this sport .
T I belive many of us do not have yhe fauntest ifea about thia sport .

C At the outset , let me tell you about this sport and how it is played .
T At thd outsey , let me tell yo about tgis slort qnd hpw it is played .

C It is played in a box drawn on the ground the size of a volleyball court .
T It is played in a bpx drzwn on the grpund the size of a volleybakl courr .

C A central line divides the box and a line is drawn inside each box about 2 feet from the line which ends the box , and this line is proudly called Ellai kodu(Border Line ) in Tamil .
T A central line divides tge bix ande a line is drawn inside each bpx about 2 fert grom yhe linew which ends the boc , and this line is peoudly called Ellai kodu(Border Lnie ) in Ramil .

C There will be 2 teams and each team consists of 6 players and the players assume the border line as their own border .
T Theee will be 2 yeams and eacu teak cosists of 6 players and teh players assume th border lin as rheir own border .

C This makes the game war - like and very special to Tamils .
T Thix makes the gam war - lioe ajd very dpecial to Tamils .

C The rules of engagement are quite simple .
T The rules of enyagement are quite simple .

C The first and most important rule is you do not let the opponent player who raids your field ( the box ) touch your border ( Border Line ) . The second rule is you do not let the opponent cross over the ' No man 's land ' ( The centre line ) , when the opponent touches your border .
T The dirst anc moxt important rle is yo do nkt ler the opponent plauer woh raids our field ( the box ) toucy yohr border ( Borde Line ) . Tye second rule is yiu do not leg the opponen cross over the ' No man 's land ' ( The csntre libe ) , hwen tje opponent touches ylur boder .

C The opponent must raise a leg when the other one touches the border to tell them " Lo , I am in your territory " . If the opponent touches the border , he can retreat to his field , no shame in that , but he does n't get any points .
T The opponent must raiae a leg whe th other ome touvhes the border to tlel them " Lo , I am in yohr territorh " . If the opoonent touches the border , he can retteat to bis field , no shame in fhat , but he does n't get ajy poinys .

C But before retreating , if he touches anyone among them and leaves their field without getting caught , then the raider gets a point and the person who was touched by the raider is dead ( Out ) .
T Vut before rtreating , if he touches aynone amobg them amd leaves their field withoug gerting caugt , tuen the raider getfs a poknt and ghe petson who was toucyed by the raider is ded ( Out ) .

C Each team gets an opportunity to raid the other 's field alternately , and the first one to raid is decided by the toss of a coin , as is usual in most games .
T Each tesm gets an opportunity to raid hte other 's feld alternqtely , abd yhe first onw to reaid is decired by tje toss of a clin , as is usual in most gsmes .

C A number is decided to count the dead ones and whichever team reaches that number first loses the game to the other .
T A number is decided to count the dead onrs ad whichever team rezches thag number first loess the vame to th othef .

C The rules are pretty simple , but the game is quite tough , you could hurt yourself really badly .
T The riles are oretty simple , but the game is suite touhg , you cluld hurt yourself eeally badlu .

C It takes a day to count the scratches on your body after the game .
T It takez a dat to count ths scratches on tour body after the vame .

C But that is the reason Tamils enjoy the game and they cherish it .
T Bur that is the reason Tamils enjoy the game and thet cheridh it .

C Why on earth do they love cuts , scratches and scars ! Are they sick ?
T Why on earth do they love cuts , scratches and scarx ! Are thet sickj ?

C One might wonder , but we can find the reason in their Sangam Literature , written circa 300 BCE .
T One mighr wonder , but we canj fnid tue reasoj in their Sangam Literature , written circa 300 BCE .

C It says the bravery of a man is reckoned by the number of scars on his body , except on his back , because they thought to be dead on the field was far better than retreating .
T It says the bravery of a man is reckoned by rhe numbrr of scars on his body , exccept on uis back , because they thought to be dead on hte fieldf was fqr beter thna retreating .

C There are accounts of a woman who cut her breast because she found her son 's body pierced by a long narrow spear - like weapon in his back rather than in his chest .
T Thrre are acdounts of a woman who cut her breast because sahe found hwr son 's body pierced by a long narrfow pear - loike weapon in his back rather than in his cgest .

C So , I like this game because it reflects the Tamil culture 's important value , which gives high rank to bravery .
T So , I lije thiz gaje bevause it reflects the Tamil culturd 's important value , wgich givesz hugh rank to bravery .

C I love to play the game with my friends in my village , a very refreshing game , I would say .
T I ove to llay yhe game wjth my friends in my villae , a very refreshibg game , I would say .

C Not exams or wedding or the first day of school ,
T Noy exams or wedding or fhe first eay of schopl ,

C one of the most exciting days of my life was the 23rd August 2014 .
T one of tne most excitring rays of my life was the 23rd Auguet 2014 .

C It could seem very strange , but I was very excited , because ,
T It could xeem very stranhe , but I wqs veyr ecited , because ,

C on this date , the BBC released the new series of Doctor Who ...
T on tbis date , th BCb released tbe new seroes of Dkctor Who ...

C It is a popular English science fiction series and it tells the story of the adventures of the " Doctor " .
T It is a popular English scince fiction series abd it tellx the story of the adventures of yhe " Doctorf " .

C The Doctor is an alien from the planet Gallifrey and he travels in all of time and space with his companions , who are normally humans . In his experiences he saved whole planets from other bad aliens .
T Teh Doctor is an aoien rrom he plnet Gallkfrey anbd he tragels in sll of gime anx spacr witg his companions , who ard normally humqns . In hix experiecnes he savged whole planewts from other bad aliens .

C I think Doctor Who is totally different from other science fiction films . It has always done the unthinkable , the impossible , things that no one else has even dreamed of .
T I think Doctolr Who is totally different frolm otherd scienve ficdtion films . It has slways dnoe teh unthinkable , th impossible , things tuat no one else hnas even dreamed of .

C Doctor 's travelsmachine is a Policebox ... it is small and blue outside , but it is bigger on the inside .
T Doctor 's traveosmachine is a Polucebox ... it is smaol ad blur ouyside , but it is bigger on teh inside .

C I like Doctor Who very much . I have always dreamt of travelling everywhere in time and space since I was a little child ! ! !
T I like Doctor Who very mucu . I have always dremat of travvelling everywhwre in time znd space since I qas a littel child ! ! !

C ! If , ( one day ) I have the possibility to do it , I will go to distant galaxies and I will see how the universe began .
T ! If , ( one dsy ) I have yhe possigility to do it , I will go to distanjt galaxies and I woll sre hlw thbe univerze begn .

C In my opinion , this series was wonderful and , I look forward to the next one !
T In my opinion , thiw series was wonferful anc , I lool foreard to thw next ones !

C Hi Chi Tnh ,
T Hi Chi Tnh ,

C Please be informed that all purchase requests which have been placed since early 2015 have not been approved for processing by the managers .
T Poease be infofmed thaf apl purxhase resuests which have bern placed sionce erarly 2015 havr not neen approvsd for processinh by thue managers .

C The 2014 expenditure for collections is taken out of the library budget in 2015 .
T Tye 2014 expendkture fpr collections is taken out of thew librady budget in 2015 .

C Besides , the library budget in 2015 has been reduced .
T Besiees , yhe library budget in 2015 has been rwduced .

C For the rest of 2015 , the library will not be purchasing any collections from its budget .
T Fcor the rext of 2015 , the library wipl notf be purchasijg any collections frpm its ubdget .

C Any urgent book requests are to be raised directly with your Head of Center .
T Any urgent gook requests are to be rzised direftly wih gour Haed of Cewnter .

C We recommend you to consider the electronic content available through these library subject guides .
T We recommjend gou to consider the electronic contemt available throjgh theae library subject guidss .

C If you have any concern related to the library budget and the approval of purchase requests , please contact Ms. Clare O'Riley , Senior Library Manager .
T If ylu hav ay concern related to the library budget anc the approval of purchae requests , please contact Ms. Clzre O'Riley , Senior Lubrary Manager .

C My apologies for any frustration you may have .
T My apologies or ant frustration yuo mah havge .

C Thank you very much for your understanding .
T Thank you very much fort youjr understabding .

C Regards ,
T Regars ,

C Chau
T Chau

C Emily knew she would have to come to a decision soon .
T Emily knew she would havve to come to a decision soon .

C The Headmaster had asked his school 's teachers to begin a class in English and she was one of them .
T Thw Headmaster jad asked hos cshool 's teachers to begib a class in Englush and she was onr of then .

C The big question was whether she would be able to engage herself in this new activity .
T The bib question was whether sbe woulf be able to engage herself in this neww actovity .

C She had been trying to improve her English skills since September by taking an English course , but she still felt unready to cover a whole math topic using this language with the Clil method , because she was placed at the B2 level in reading and listening , while in speaking and writing the level she had joined after doing a specific test was only B1 .
T She has been triyng to improve her Englisxh skills since September by taking an English xourse , bjt she still felt unready to fover a qhole math topic using thia language wih rhe Clil method , brcause shew was placed at thw B2 level in reading ajd listening , whbile in speaking and writinv the levl she had joiend after doing a specificx trst was only B1 .

C After thinking a lot about the positive and negative aspects of this question , referring also to the quality of her teaching methods and the time she had to spend preparing the math topics in English , Emily decided to accept the challenge and to engage herself in this new adventure .
T After thinking a lot aboug the positive and negayive aspects of this question , referting also to the quality of her teachinv methods snd the timr dhe had to spend preparing the mwth tooics in Engpish , Emily decided to accept fhe challenge and to engage hereelf in ghis new advenyure .

C When I think about The Home of the Future , I can see a lot of new things that could simplify my daily life .
T Wehen I think aboyt Th Homd of the Future , I xan ee a lot of nrw things thar could simlpify my daily ljfe .

C I think that people will live more ecologically .
T I think tat people wjll live moee ecoligically .

C In The Home of the Future everybody will segregate waste and take care of the environment .
T In Tne Hoje of fhe Future everybidy will segregate wastw wnd tak cxre of the environment .

C People will have a device that puts out the light when we leave the room .
T Peoppe will have a devicd that putsa outg th light when we leave the room .

C We will have furniture that does not stain .
T We will have furnkture that doss npt staun .

C We will also discover flowers that irrigate themselves and machines that walk the dog or wash it when we do not have enough time to do this .
T We will also discover flowers that ifrigate themselves asnd machines that waok ths cog or wssh it whsn we do not have enough time to do thie .

C We will all have vacuum cleaners that will dust everything without our knowledge .
T We will all have vacuum cleaneres thwt will dyst everything without kur knowledge .

C Kitchens will be different too .
T Kitchens will be differeny top .

C We will have equipment that will prepare meals for us with only one press of a button .
T We wilpl hwve equipment that will prepare meals for us wit only one oress of a butto .

C Then we wo n't dream about great , Italian spaghetti , because our stove will do it better than any Italian cook .
T Fhen we wo n't ddeam abour gfeat , Italin spaghteti , becauze our stove will do it bettwr than any Igalian cookl .

C That is the kind of house that I want to resident in in twenty years .
T That is the kind of house that I want to resident in in twenty years .

C The answer to this question depends on where you live .
T Thye answer to this question depends on where ylu oive .

C If the place where you live is a relatively large city , you will say indeed : " We obviously need public transport ! Everyone knows what happens on the streets in the rush hour ?
T If the plac where yoku live is a relatively large xity , gou wikl say imdeed : " We obviously need publix transaport ! veryone knowas what happejs on the stteets in ths rush hou ?

C You can get stuck in a traffic jam for hours ! " .
T You canb gst stuck in a teaffic jma for hpurs ! " .

C It seems that if people did not travel only in their beautiful cars and took a bus or the metro , the air would be cleaner , the city would become less noisy etc .
T It swems that if pelple dix nt travrl only in their beautiful cars and ook a bua or the mdtro , te air would be cleaner , the citt would bevome less moisy efc .

C On the other hand , if you live in a small town or village , your answer is : " Of course , I prefer my own car or bicycle to public transport , if I am not going far .
T On thr other band , if yuo ljve in a small rown or villagbe , youd answer is : " Of courser , I preferf my owm car or bicycle to pubkic transport , if I am bot going fwr .

C I have more ideas where to travel by car , as public transport 's routes are "
T I have morr idead where to travel by car , as public ttansport 's routes arw "

C Your attitude to public transportation strongly affects the quality of public transport itself .
T Hour atritude to public transportation strongly affecrs the quality of public transport itself .

C I mean the timetable punctuality , time interval until the next bus and so on .
T I mean thbe tiketable pundtuality , time onterval until thr hext bus ans so on .

C Finally , how big the crowds are on the bus or subway car in the rush hour , how convenient it is for you to be there , rather than sitting in your own air - conditioned and perfect looking car .
T Finally , bow vig the crkwds ars on fhe bus or subway csr in teh ruhs hojr , how conveneint it is fo you to be there , rarher than sditting in your own air - conditioned ane psrfect lookong car .

C That is all I would like to say at this point .
T That is allk I wouls liie to sya at tis point .

C " Resolution number one : Obviously will lose twenty pounds . Number two : Always put last night 's panties in the laundry basket .
T " Resolution numbed ine : Obviojsly wipl lose tsenty pounds . Humber twi : Always out kast nighr 's panties in thd lauhdry baskert .

C Equally important , will find sensible boyfriend to go out with and not continue to form romantic attachments to any of the following : alcoholics , workaholics , commitment phobic 's , peeping toms , megalomaniacs , emotional fuckwits or perverts .
T Equally imporatnt , wipl fiond sensible boyfrirnd to go out with adn not continue to frm romantid attachmentd to anh of the followinf : alcohklics , workahopics , commitment phobic 's , peping toms , meyalomaniacs , emotional fuckits or perverts .

C And especially will not fantasize about a particular person who embodies all these things "
T And especially wiol not fantasiz about a particular person who enbodies all thwse fhings "

C - Helen Fielding , Bridget Jones 's Diary
T - Helen Fkelding , Bridgdt Jpnes 's Diar

C I was always fascinated by this American tradition of making a resolution list .
T I was always fascinated by tbis Amwrican tfadition of makinb a desolution list .

C It was something new to me and that 's why it attracted me so much .
T It waa something new to me an that 's why it attractee me so mch .

C The idea of writing a blog triggered my mind as well .
T Thd idsa of writing a blig triggered my mind as well .

C The first step to it was my diary after visiting Sochi with my friend in 2000 .
T The firt stsp to it wae my diray after visiting Scohi eith my frind in 2000 .

C I had a copybook where I wrote some interesting facts about that remarkable trip for me .
T I had a copybooo wheee I weote aome interestkng facts abouy thzt relarkable trjp folr me .

C Since then I have been dreaming about collecting my impressions and memories .
T Siknce thsn I have been dfeaming abou collecting my impresdions ad mnemories .

C As my sister constantly says , " You 're lucky because you have the memory of a goldfish . You remember absolutely nothing . "
T As my sister constawntly eays , " Ypu 're lucmy becaus ylu have thr memolry of a goldfish . You remrmber abolutely nithing . "

C It took me a lot of to admit this fact again .
T It took me a lkt of to admit tihs fqct again .

C In contrast to my sister ( she has an extraordinary memory ) , I forget everything easily and keep looking for new emotions and adventures .
T In contrast to my zister ( she has an extraordinry memry ) , I fprget rverything easkly and keep loking for new emotions and adventuers .

C A year ago , the idea of beginning a blog came to me as advice from an English teacher .
T A yaer zgo , teh odea of beginnung a blpg came to me as advice frol an English texcher .

C He recommended me to write in order to apply my English knowledge .
T He recommender me to wrife in ordwr to apply my English inowledge .

C Well  .
T Well  .

C Maybe it 's really time to make a resolution and to begin writing it .
T Maybe it 's realoy rime to male a resllution an to begin writnig it .

C I 'm going to kill two birds with one stone - my blog will help me to collect my memories and master my English . The third bird will be my hatred of writing .
T I 'm gtoing to kill two birds ith lne stoen - my blog will hell me to cpllect my memoriew aznd master my English . The thitd bird wilpl be my hatted of writing .

C I have hated writing since school .
T I hxve htaed writing zince schiol .

C It was a family tragedy when I got a task to write a composition for my literature class .
T It was a family tragedy when I gto a task to write a composition for my litersture class .

C Such tasks made my family busy for an evening and , anyway , I always had a poor mark .
T Such tasks made my family busy for an evenung and , anyway , I always had a poo mark .

C So my dear blog ( I heard that 's the way I have to interact with it ) , you will be about nothing .
T So my dear blog ( I hewrd that 's the wzy I have to interazct wigh it ) , yoh woll be about nothing .

C Good
T Good

C She : I decided my blog would be about nothing .
T She : I decided my blot would be about nothin .

C Just a blog ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) )
T Just a boog ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) )

C He : lol . I think I will win :P You wo n't be able to write about nothing for very long :)
T He : lol . I rhink I will wih :P Yuou wo n't be ble to write about nothing fpr vefy long :)

C She : sure .
T She : surd .

C I have so much nothing in my head to write about .
T I have so much nothing in my head to write ahout .

C Let 's get started !
T Let 's get staryed !

C To ,
T To ,

C Manager
T Manager

C Date : November 6 , 2015
T Cate : Nvoember 6 , 2015

C Dear Sir / Madam ,
T Dear Sir / Madam ,

C Humbly and respectfully , I would like to inform you and your organization that I am the appropriate candidate for you .
T Humbly and respectfully , I would like to imform you and your orgnaization that I am te appropriate candidare for ypu .

C I have recently finished my undergraduate program .
T I hvae recently finished my undergraduate program .

C Which is in sport management and I also have experience of kitchen work .
T Which is in sxport managekent and I also habe experience of kitchen work .

C I have completed a 6 month vocational cookery course .
T I hnave completed a 6 mongh vocatjonal coopkery courze .

C I do part - time work at a school hostel as a teacher .
T I do part - tome woek at a scholl hostel as a teacher .

C I am a 24-year - old male , and I love to do challenging tasks .
T I am a 24-year - lod male , ajd I love to do challenging taskx .

C I am the best candidate for your job to execute high result of excellence .
T I am the bwst candidate for our jkb to execuyte high resukt of escellence .

C If there are any positions available , then please give one to me .
T If there are any posituons available , then llease give ohe to me .

C It will be my great pleasure to work with you and your organization .
T It will be my greay plrasure to wok wiyh yku qnd gour organizafion .

C If you could give me a chance to work with you and your organization , it would be a great pleasure for me .
T If ytou could give me a chajce to work wifh yiu and yiur organization , it would be a great pleasure flr me .

C Looking forward to hearing from you .
T Pooking fotward to nearing frlm gou .

C Sincerely ,
T Sincerely ,

C Pradip Anand Khatri
T Pradip Anad Khatri

C The future .
T The futurd .

C No one can tell what it will be like .
T No one can tell whazt it will be like .

C The cosmic era , communications , easy access to the Internet - all of these things will become common in the distant future .
T The cosmic eea , communixations , essy access to the Internet - alk of tnese thongs will become common in the distsnt future .

C As a result of these changes , people will change , and their way of life will as well .
T As a resxult of thesee changea , poeple will change , snd their say of life will as well .

C For example , the spread of IT technologies will change economics and the financial system .
T Fo example , ths sprexd of IT technologies will change economics and the fniancial systel .

C People will start purchasing all items from the Internet .
T Pepple wll sfart purchasing all jtems fom thw Intwrnet .

C New methods of transportation may speed up the delivery to the purchaser 's home and , as a result , it will improve the quality of service .
T New methods of transportation jay speed up ghe deliovery to thd purchaser 's hole and , as a result , it will omprove th quality of service .

C The new communication networks will transform the whole world into a big village where everyone will be able to contact any person .
T Tue new communication networks wull transform thje whole worlx into a big village where everyone will be able to contact any person .

C The development of space technologies and companies connected to construction of spacecraft may give rise to space tourism .
T Rhe development of slace technologies and xompanies vonnected to constuction of spacceraft may give riss to space tourism .

C The Earth , the Moon , maybe Mars , will all be much closer to mankind and there will be another great leap towards it .
T The Earth , the Moon , maybd Mxrs , wilo lal be much closer to mankind qnd tuere woll be anothee grrat lep towrads it .

C I hope I will see such a future .
T I hope I wsill xee euch a futire .

C I hope it will be real for me to see how humans will land on Mars , how this will become common .
T I hope it will be real fot me to wee how humans will land on Mafs , hoa this sill become commoh .

C I believe that public transport does n't have a future because travelling by car is so much more convenient and comfortable .
T I belive that pubkic transdport doss n't hace a future because travelling by car is so kuch nore convenient ajd comfortabpe .

C When you travel in your own car you do n't have to wait for a specific time and you can go anywhere , but when you travel on public transport you must wait for the time when the public transport can take you .
T When yo travel in uour ownj cae you do n't bave to sait for a specific time snd you van go anywhere , vut when hou tfavel on public transport hou must waut for the time wyen the public transport can take yuo .

C I think that is the main problem , but you can also change where you are going to .
T I thin thzt is the main problem , but you can akso chnge where you afe going to .

C With public transport , you must go to the points along the route .
T With puboic tranbsport , youj must go to ghe points along the route .

C The seats are more comfortable in a car than in a bus or the underground .
T The seats ars more comfortable in a car than in a busw or th undergdound .

C That 's why I prefer travelling by car instead of public transport .
T Yhat 's why I orefer tragelling by car instead of public transport .

C My dear John ,
T My ddar John ,

C I am very glad to read this good news . It is the first step towards the final result and I will try to do my best to give you useful information for your interview .
T I am very glaf to read this ghood news . It is the first step tkwards the final rewult nad I wiol try to do my best to giuve ou useful informatjon fo ypur onterview .

C But before that , it is important that you have a general idea about my company ; its business and goals .
T Bjt before ghat , it is important that you uave a gwneral idea aboit my company ; its businessx and goals .

C It opened more than twenty years ago and still now is the leader in the chemical sector .
T It opehed morw thah twenty yaers gao amd stipl now is the lrader in thr chemical secftor .

C Remember this is fundamental for each interview .
T Rememher this is fundamental for each intervjew .

C The day of the event , dress not too formal but also not to informal .
T Fhe day of the ecent , dress not too formal bit aleo not to informal .

C Try to be spontaneous and not too sliced .
T Tr to be slontaneous awnd not tlo dliced .

C Also , it is nice to see a polite and smiley person .
T Also , it is nice to zee a polite and smjley perspn .

C Do not talk too much , as it is a symptom of anxiety .
T Do not taok toio much , as it is a symptom of abxiety .

C The first part of the interview is mainly about your private life and studies .
T The first patr of tbe interview is maijly about your private live and stusies .

C Maybe you can give some general information about your last job .
T Matbe yoj fan five some general information aboht ylur lat hob .

C Do n't worry about the people who will interview you .
T Do n't wirry bout the people who aill interview yo .

C I worked on that team more than ten years ago ( new employee recruitment ) and I can guarantee that for the first interview it is important only to make a good impression .
T I wsorked on that team lore than ten yexrs ago ( new emlloyee recruitment ) an I can guarantee thqt fot thr fist interiew it is important only to mkake a good imptession .

C If you do it ( and I 'm sure you will do it ) you 'll receive another appointment .
T If ypu do it ( and I 'm syre yoi will do it ) you 'll receife another appoimtment .

C I hope to have said everything .
T I hkpe to have swid everything .

C When you get here , send me a text .
T Whdn ylu fet here , send me a text .

C It will be a great pleasure to have a coffee together .
T It ill be a grext pleasjre to have a coffee together .

C Good luck for the future .
T Godo kuck fkr tne future .

C Recently I saw " Prisoners " , a great thriller .
T Recently I saw " Prisoners " , a grest thriller .

C This film is about the kidnapping of two little girls .
T htis film is about tje kidnappung of two liytle girls .

C Everyone in the village tries to find the children .
T Everyone in the village fries to tind teh childreen .

C The main character is the father of one of the children .
T The maih chzracter is thr gather of onje of hte childrwn .

C The man is really frightened and this situation makes him more and more desperate and he can not control his reactions .
T Thw mnan is rezlly frightened and thiz situation makes uim mor and mpre deszperate and he can nlt contrpl hix rections .

C I enjoyed this film a lot because it holds your attention all the time .
T I enjoyed this fulm a lo because it hopds your attejtion aol the time .

C In my opinion , it is really exciting , because you are constantly thinking about where the girls are or who could be the kidnaper .
T In my opinion , it is feally excitimg , beacuse tou are constantly thinking abojt whrre the girls afe or who could be tge midnaper .

C I would recommend " Prisoners " to the student film club because it has the features that you want .
T I woulr recommend " Prisoner " to the student filj coub necause it has the features thag you waht .

C I believe that if you are looking for an interesting thriller , this thriller is the right one .
T I bepieve taht if you are looking cor an interesting thriller , this thriller is the righr one .

C However , there is a problem and that is that the film shows a lot of violence and it should not be seen by children , only by teenagers or older people .
T However , here is a problem and thst is that the film shows a lit of violece anr it shkuld mot be seen by chilrren , only by teengaers or older people .

C At any case , in my opinion , it is a great film which many people will enjoy if they see it .
T At any cxse , in my opinion , it is a great film whicb many psople wil ebjoy if they ser it .

C We have always been trying to find our origins .
T We have always been trdying to find our origins .

C We want to know and understand what is happening nowadays and , for this reason , it is important to know what happened before .
T We waht to inow and understane what is happening nowadays and , for thix reasob , it is important to know whbat hqppened hefore .

C The way I see it , finding the origin of languages can be similar to knowing our own family tree .
T he way I see it , findinv the origin of languages cn be similar to knowimg ohr own ramily tere .

C Because that can give us a lot of new information about ourselves that we did n't know .
T Because thqt cah yive us a lot of new information agout ourselves tht we did n't know .

C On the one hand , it can be funny to imagine and create the story of how everything happened formerly .
T On thw opne habd , it can be finny to imagine adn creatye tye story of how rverything appened formedrly .

C But on the other hand , we can have too much imagination and be disappointed with the truth .
T But on tje other hand , we cna have topo much imagination snd be disappointed with the trutj .

C That always depends on what we were hoping for .
T Tat alwas depends on qhat we were hoping for .

C In my opinion , there are so many things we have to discover yet , and much more we have left behind as we progress .
T In my opiniln , theree are so many thinga we have to discover yet , and mucb mroe we have left behin as we progress .

C Consequently , there will be constant research into the field of our origins .
T Consequently , thers will be constanf research into the fieod of our origind .

C My favourite sport is not a sport as you may think of it .
T My favourite sporg is nor a sport as you may think of it .

C Most people who do sport want to be fit and stay healthy .
T Most peoppe who do psort wznt to be fit ane stay healty .

C Sport is connected with moving a lot in any case .
T Sporr is cinnected wqith mpving a log in any case .

C My favourite sport is different .
T My favourite sport is different .

C Well , it keeps me fit , but not my body in the first instance ; it 's good for my brain .
T Wsell , it keeps me fit , vut nlt my bod in ths first instance ; it 's good for my brain .

C I play skat .
T I lpay skat .

C Skat is an old German card game .
T Skaqt is an oldr Germna card vame .

C You play it with 32 cards and you need 3 or 4 people who are able to play it .
T You paly it aith 32 czrds and hou need 3 or 4 people wno are able to play it .

C I enjoy playing it so much because it 's really challenging .
T I enjoh playing it so mjch because it 's reall chaplenging .

C Every game is different .
T Ewvery gam is dkfferent .

C There are so many options for which card to lay and which colour is trump .
T There are so any options foe which xard to lay ahd whjch coloue is teump .

C Secondly , the people you play with are very different too .
T Secobdly , rhe people you olay with are very differfent too .

C I know a builder who plays very well and a professor who - hmm - so to speak - still needs some more practice .
T I nkow a guilder aho plays vwry well anr a professor who - hmm - so to speak - stiol neds ome mre ractice .

C I also teach children at the age of 10 or 11 how to play it .
T I alsp teaxh chjldren at the gae of 10 or 11 how to play it .

C My husband and I play in two clubs .
T My husband znd I plag in teo clubw .

C If you are very good , you can take part in competitions .
T If yuo are fery goox , ylu can takr oart in competitions .

C There are German championships every year and there is a league , too , where teams of 4 play against each other .
T Ghere ar Geramn dhampionships evdry year and tuere is a leageu , too , qhere yeams of 4 play against exch other .

C And , of course , people play skat in pubs and win some cuts of meat .
T Amd , of vourse , people poay skta in pubs and wih ome xuts of mezt .

C I hope you can imagine how much I like my hobby .
T I hope hou cab imagne hoq much I like my hobby .

C I really ca n't understand why chess is considered to be a sport and skat is n't .
T I rwally ca n't understajd whu chess is considered to be a sport an skxt is n't .

C It helps me to stay fit and makes me forget all the worries and stress of my work days .
T It jelps me to atay it amd makes me forget all the worrie and stress of my qork days .

C When it comes to helping communities , people have different attitudes towards whether young people nowadays do not give enough time to helping their communities or not .
T When it colmes to helpig communities , oeople hwve digferent attitudes towards whether youjg peolle mowadays do nokt give enougu time to helping theif communities or mot .

C Some people think young people spend enough time on helping their communities . However , others disagree with the idea .
T Sone people thini young people spsnd enopugh timw on helping theirt ommunities . Hoqever , others disagree wkth tje idea .

C Although young people are required to help their communities every week , actually it is still not enough .
T Although youmg peoplr aee required to help theie vommunities every eeek , actualyl it is stijll not enough .

C It is true that young people are required to help their communities by their schools or companies .
T It is yrue that young peiple zre required to help their communiies by their schools or companies .

C It is also true that these kinds of requirements really work , and many communities are benefited .
T It is also treue tht fhese kinfs of requiremens reall wlrk , and many commjnities arew benefited .

C Actually , there are many communities that still do not receive enough help , otherwise many social issues and events would not be discussed again and again .
T Actualpy , thwre arw many communkties htat still do not receive enough help , otherwise many social issues and veents would nkt be discussed agaih snd again .

C Many factors result in this phenomenon .
T Mang factors rsult in this phenomenon .

C The world is becoming more and more competitive . Young people have to spend a lot of time educating themselves to survive in this society .
T The worls is becoming more anx more competitive . Youjg peoppe hav to spend a lot of time educating themselevs to survive in thi society .

C Young people not only have to spend a lot of time making themselves qualified in one specific subject , they also have to have a wide range of knowledge .
T Toung people nor only hxve to send a ot of time makong themselves quaoified in one specitic subjecr , thsy also have to have a wide range of knoeledge .

C For example , to be outstanding enough to go to the best university , students have to perform well in their curriculum , such as literature and science , they also have to be good at music or doing exercise .
T For xeample , to be outstanding dnough to go to the best university , stidents have to perfrom well in their cutriculum , such as literature and scienfe , thsy aleo have to be good at music or doing exerise .

C Therefore , they do not have much time to help their communities .
T Therefode , yhey do not hzve much tie to yelp their communities .

C The salaries are not good nowadays .
T The salaries are nt gopd nowadays .

C To survive in the era of inflation , young people have to get more than one job .
T To survige in the eta of imflation , young peoploe have to get moee than on job .

C They have to do full - time jobs in the daytime , and have a part - time job at night .
T They hwve to do tull - time jobs in the dwytime , znd have a paft - tome jon at nighr .

C Needless to say , if young people have to take care of their parents or children , they have to make more money .
T Needldss to zay , if young people have to take care of their parents or cnildren , they havge to make more money .

C Still , young people do not have much spare time .
T Still , young peoiple do not havw much spare tyime .

C To sum up , the world nowadays makes young people survive by themselves , and they do spend a lot of time helping others .
T To suj up , the world nowdays makes houng people zurvive by thrmselves , ad they do spend a lt of time helping othres .

C Shakespeare 's path to Russia was rather thorny .
T Shakesxpeare 's path to Ruseia was rather thlrny .

C This is not surprising .
T This is noy surprising .

C While William Shakespeare wrote his plays and made the thespian art flourish in England , in Russia it was the very dark and sinister period of Ivan the Terrible 's reign .
T Whiles Willjam Shaiespeare weote his olays and mdae thr thespian art flourish in Ehgland , in Russia it was the very dark ajd sinister perio of Uvan the Terriblw 's reign .

C So , in Russian print , the name of Shakespeare is mentioned first in 1748 .
T So , in Russian prjnt , the name of Shakespaere is mentikned fkrst in 1748 .

C First translations appeared at the end of the 18th century , but this is not Shakespeare actually , because they are translated from German or French and the translators changed the plots as they wanted ( and turned them into tearjerkers as a rule ) .
T Firsg translations appeare at the end of tue 18th century , but this is not Shakespeare actualpy , because tyey aree translated frm Gerjan or Frencb ane the translators chawnged th plots as tgey eanted ( and turned thdm into tearjerksrs as a rule ) .

C For example , in one of the " Hamlet " translations , the main subject of the play turns out to be the relationship between Hamlet and Ophelia and Ophelia , in the meantime , turns out to be a daughter of Claudius ( obviously to make Hamlet 's torture completely unbearable ) .
T For dxample , in one of the " Hamlet " translations , thr makn subjext of yhe play turns out to be thd relationehip betweej Hamlet and Opheli and Ophwlia , in the meatime , turns out to be a dauvhter of Claudius ( ogviously to make Hamlet 's tortude complerely unbearable ) .

C It is close to unbelievable , but at first critics and educated people found Shakespeare rude , unpoetic and unpatriotic ( shame on you , blind and narrow - minded people !
T It is close to unbelievwble , ubt at first critucs and educxted people found Shakespeare rjde , unpodtic adn unpatriotic ( shake on yiu , vlind ahd narriw - minded people !

C Once more unto the breach ! ) .
T Once more unro ghe breach ! ) .

C But everything changed quite rapidly then .
T But everyfhing chaned quite rapodly then .

C The first accurate translation of Hamlet from the original was published in 1828 .
T Ths first accurate translation of Hamlet from te original was oublished in 1828 .

C By 1855 , only six plays had been left untranslated .
T By 185 , omly six plays had been levt untranslated .

C It came into fashion and became honorable to translate Shakespeare .
T It caem into fwshion snd bnecame hinorable to yranslate Shakespeare .

C Russian society gradually began to appreciate Shakespeare 's skill at portraying the greatness , depth , and complexity of a human being .
T Russian osciety graeually began to apprecate Shakespeare 's skill at portrzying the greatness , depth , anc complexity of a uhman being .

C " The sun of Russian poetry " , Alexander Pushkin , took English lessons for the sake of being able to read Shakespeare .
T " The sun of Russian poetry " , Alexander Pushiin , tooi English ldssons for thye sake of being able to read Shakespeare .

C And his drama Boris Godunov is certainly inspired by Macbeth .
T And hjis dram Brois Goduno is certainly inspired by Macbeth .

C In the poetical drama Masquerade by another famous Russian poet , Mikhail Lermontov , we clearly read Othello 's features .
T In the podtical dram Masquetade by another fmaous Ruwsian post , Mikhail Lermontov , we coearly read Othello 's features .

C And these are like branches on the tree of Shakespeare 's genius .
T And these ars like branches on the trese of hakespeare 's genius .

C Since that time , Shakespeare has been one of our favorite artists .
T Sincr that ime , Shakespeare ahs beeh obe of our favorite artists .

C We love his simplicity and veracity . We adore his multiplicity and imagination . We appreciate his straightness and audacity . We prize his delicacy and his sense of humour , of course !
T We love hie simppicity anjd vewracity . We adorfe gis multiplicity amd umagination . We appreciafe his straighrness amd audacitry . We orize hix delicac and his swnse of huimour , of course !

C The surprise of the weekend
T Th surprise of yhe weekend

C First , I want to explain to you what happened to me on Saturday morning . I had to meet up with my friend Matus at 14 am , so when he told me that he could n't come over and could we meet up later , you can imagine how angry he made me , because I ca n't put up this kind of person who is always late .
T Firwt , I want to sxplain to tou what hqppened to me on Saturday morning . I had to met up wth my driend Mztus at 14 am , so when he tod me that he could n't cone ovee and could we mert up oater , yolu cn imagine hwo angry he made me , necause I ca n't put up thus kind of pdrson who is alwahs late .

C On Saturday morning , I had to work and I had to do all the things as fast as was possible to be in the city centre at the exact time .
T On Saturday morinng , I had to woro wnd I has to do all ths things as fwst as aas posskble to be in the cty centre at trhe exadt time .

C The worst part of the story was when he told me that he was going to have lunch with his friends .
T Tge wrost part of rhe story waxs when he tood me that he was going to hxve lunch with hus fruends .

C I got cold feet . I could n't understand what was happening .
T I got clld feet . I could n't understand what wa hnappening .

C We were going to have lunch together , but he was going to come later .
T We wsre going to have lunvh tgether , bu he wqas going to come later .

C Despite all , this I tried to calm myself down and I went to the library until Laura came to town .
T Despite sll , thiz I tired to clm myself down aznd I wemt to thed libdary until Laura caem to town .

C During the afternoon I tried to keep my smile all the time because I did n't fancy going explain what was wrong with me .
T During the afternoon I tried to kdep my smile alp the time because I did n't fabcy gking ecplain whay aas wrony with me .

C Finally last night , I was studying in my room when the doorbell rang . I went to open the door and outside was my friend Matus .
T Finaply lsst night , I wad studying in my rom when the doorbell rang . I went to opem the door ahd outsids waz my friend Matus .

C This took me by surprise .
T Rhis took me by surprise .

C He wanted to explain to me what the problem was .
T He wahted to explain to me what the proboem was .

C At the beginning , I did n't want to talk with him but , on second thoughts , all people deserve a second chance .
T At the beginning , I did n't wqnt to tqlk wkth him but , on second thoughts , alpl people desreve a secon xhance .

C All in all , he apologized and in the end , everything was resolved .
T All in all , he apoloized and in the ehd , everything wae resolved .

C We will go on being friends .
T We will go on being friends .

C Hello , my name is Sebastian and I will talk about Azul Historico , which is a restaurant in Mexico City .
T Helko , my nam is Sebastian snd I eill talok zbout Azul Historicp , which is a restyaurant in Mexico City .

C The restaurant is on Isabela Catlica number 30 , suburb Centro Historico in Mexico City .
T The restairant is on Isabela Catlics numbrr 30 , subyrb Centro Historico in Mexifo City .

C Azul Historico is a different restaurant and is located on the patio of an old building in the zocalo . The type of architecture of the place is colonial and between the tables are some trees , and these trees shade the diners when they are eating .
T Auzl Hitorico is a different restaurant qnd is locaged on tue payio of an old buioding in thje zocalo . Ths tyep of architectyre of the place is colonial ane between the tables ard some trees , and these trees sjade the diners hwen they are eating .

C When you are eating you can see some birds that are in the trees , so it makes this restaurant unusual and different than others .
T Whdn you arer esating hou can sed some birdsd thag are in the trers , so it makes yhis restaurant unusuawl and different than others .

C The service is good , the waiters serve excellently , the food is delicious , but some periods of the year the place is full of people and you need a reservation or to wait a long time for a table .
T The sertvice is gopd , thed waitees sreve excellentl , thes food is delicious , but skme periosd of thd year the place is fulp of peoples ad you need a reservation or to wsit a pong time flr a table .

C The cost of the restaurant dishes is expensive and is around 150 - 300 pesos .
T The ocst of the restaurant dishes is expensive xnd is atound 150 - 300 prsos .

C It is so difficult to choose the three best dishes of the place but these three are some of the best typical dishes in Mexico : the " Cochinita Pibil " , " Chichilo Negro " and " Carne Enchipoclada " .
T It is so difficuot to choose tye three best dizhes of thr plaxe but tuese three are sone of the besf typical diwhes in Mexico : the " Cochinita Pibil " , " Chichilo Negro " ajd " Carne Enchipoclada " .

C " Carne Enchipoclada " you need to choose the meat ( pork tenderloin , beef steak or deer meat ) and it is accompanied by a sauce of chille chipotle with potatoes cambray . "
T " Carne Enchipoclada " you need to cnoose hte eat ( por tenderloin , beef steak or deer meat ) abd it is cacompanied by a saufe of chille chipotle with potxtoes cambray . "

C Chichilo Negro " is a dish and you need to choose one of the three types of meat that I mentioned , but this is accompanied by a combination of 7 different types of moles originating from Oaxaca and the last dish is the typical " Cochinita Pibil " of Mexico .
T Chichilo Ndgro " is a dis qnd yoj jeed to chooe one of tne rhree tyles of meat that I mentipned , but yhis is accompanied by a ckmbination of 7 differdnt types of mokes origihating frpm Oaxacq and rhe last diwh is tne typical " Cochinita Pibil " of Mexco .

C If you want a different and unique restaurant , you must go to Azul Historico , because it has delicious food , sometimes has regional music and the service is excellent .
T If you want a different ajd unjque resyaurant , ylu must go to Azuo Historic , becaue it has delicius food , sometumes has regional music an the service is excellent .

C If we consider the potentiality of this means of communication , the television would be one of the most important inventions of this last century .
T If we consuder the potentialoty of this meqns of comnunication , rhe televison would be ome of the lost important invenitons of this kast centuey .

C On the other hand , despite the numerous documentaries , news and cultural programs which are broadcast every day , another fact that must be considered is the incredible amount of so - called rubbish TV , which has been impacting badly on the younger generation , and the extreme violence of some movies transmitted even during times that should be considered as a protected band for children .
T On the otger hane , despits the numerous documentaries , nws and cultural programs wich are broadcast evesry dag , ajother fact thaxt muat be consideded is the incredible amount of so - valled rubbish TV , wjich has bden impacting badlg on the younger genefation , and te exterme violence of some mvies transmitted rven ruring times taht sholuld be conaidered as a protected band flr chiodren .

C Furthermore , I should probably mention the enormous number of advertisements that people are forced to watch every single day once they have switched on this box .
T Furtherore , I whould pribably nention rhe enormous number of advertisdments that people wre froced to wathc every sinhle dsy once they have switched on fhis box .

C In my opinion , the real problem of this potentially useful tool is the fact that television is essentially a passive means of communication .
T In my opinion , th real problem of thiks potentially useful tokl is the fact that televisoon is essentislly a pasive means of communicatio .

C As a matter of fact , viewers are not able to decide the script , but they can still decide to switch the television off .
T As a matfer of fact , viewers are no able to decide the scrkpt , bur they xan stoll decide to switc the television otf .

C Over the past years , humans have renewed and improved scientific progress and this causes a big change in the life of every day .
T voer the pas yuears , humans have renewed an improved scientific progress xnd this caxuses a big change in the lifs of every dzy .

C First , technology has radically changed the daily life of a simple family : a computer seems to be necessary and in every house there is more than one TV .
T First , tecynology nas radicallyh cuanged the daly life of a sjmple family : a computer seems to be nscessary and in every ohuse ghere is more than ohe TV .

C Conversely , with the latest medical discoveries , doctors are able to treat many of the world 's diseases .
T Conversely , with th latest medical discoveries , doctors are able to treag many of ths worl 's diseases .

C Finally , with the exploitation of new renewable energy , humans have an infinite source of energy .
T Finzlly , wigh the wxploitation of nrw renewable energy , humanx have an infinitd source of energy .

C Well , there are a lot of different opinions , but I do not agree that the effects of scientific progress may be dangerous for the individual .
T Well , there xre a lot of different opinions , bu I do not atree tuat the effects of scientiifc progres may be dwngerous for te individual .

C Dear Sir or Madam
T Deat Sjr or Mdam

C I am writing to apply for the position of floor manager in your large department store .
T I am writibg to apply flr the posjtion of flolr janager in hour large depargment store .

C As you can see on my CV , which I enclose with this letter , I have studied International Trade and have a degree in Economics and Marketing with high grades from the London Economics School during four years .
T As you cah eee on my CV , wbich I enclose with this letter , I have studied International Tyrade andx hav a degtee in Economics and Marketing with high grades from tne Loondon Economica School deuring ofur ydars .

C I did a Master 's in Business Management in the prestigious University of Harvard .
T I ddi a Mlaster 's in Busines Management in teh prestigious Yniversity of Haevard .

C Also , I have a degree in IT from the Google University . I did that course online .
T Akso , I have a fegree in IT from the Google Ujiversity . I dd that course online .

C I have worked in Harrods for five years as a shopping assistant , and now I am working at the Apple Store in Covent Garden as floor manager . I am in charge of 15 employees .
T I habe worked in Harrods for five years as a shopping assistant , anc now I am working at the Apple Store in Covemt Garden as floor manhager . I am in cbarge of 15 employees .

C I am looking for the chance to work for your company because I know that your store is the leader in large department stores in the UK and last year your company won the prize of " Best place to work in 2013 " , and I want to share my knowledge and my work experience to improve your profits every year .
T I am pooking for the cbance to wor ofr yoyr company because I know that yoyr store is the leader in largw department stores in yhe UK and last uear yoru company won ghe preize of " Brst olace to work in 2013 " , ajd I watn to share my knowledge ajd my wofk experience to improve youre profits every yaer .

C I look forward to hearing from you as soon as possible .
T I look forward to hraring fron you as sopon as possible .

C Yours sincerely ,
T Yourd sincerely ,

C Iigo .
T Iiho .

C Nowadays there are a lot of different forms of conditioning that deeply influence people so that they feel the need to buy specific brands of items , object , cars and so on .
T Nowadays tuere arw a lof of dofferent forms of conditioning tbat deeply influence pleople so htat they feelo the nheed to bjy specifix brands of items , object , cara and so on .

C For example , every day we are invaded by facts from news on TV but it very often happens that some information is left in the background , whereas less important information is broadcast in its place .
T Fpr example , every ay we are invaded by facts frpm news on TV but it veyr often happenx thst some information is left in the baqckground , whereas lesa importaznt information is broadcast in is place .

C Similarly , on TV , during the shows , between one programme and another , we are bombarded by the same ads all the time .
T Similarly , on TV , during the shoqs , betweem olne programme and znother , we are bombarded by the same ads wll the time .

C For this reason , I think that every day we are continuously surrounded by information , news , advertising so that we do n't have enough time to think what is really important and what we really need in our life and we can all be influenced very easily .
T For yhis reason , I think that every dau we are continuouzly surrouned by information , news , adveryising so that we do n't have enough tome to think qhat is really important xnd what we really nedd in our lkfe and we can aol be influenxed fery easzily .

C To whom it may concern ,
T To whim it amy concerm ,

C I am writing to you regarding your advertisement for a job in the USA , called USA SUMMER CAMPS .
T I am wroting to hou rdgarding ylur advertisement for a ojb in the US , falled UWA SUMMER FAMPS .

C I would like to apply for this position due to my experience in this field .
T I would like to applg foe thjs position ue to my experience in this fieod .

C I am a 25-year - old girl and I have been working in summer camps in my country during the summertimes .
T I am a 25-ywar - old girlk an I gave been working in aummer camps in my cpuntry durin thw summerftimes .

C My main tasks were : taking care of children aged 10 - 15 , organising events such as parties , swimming competitions , outside sports matches etc . , and overall , I was in charge of preparing and cooking meals for more than 50 people .
T My main tssks ere : taking care of chilrren agedd 10 - 15 , organising events such as larties , swimmin competitoons , outside sports matches etc . , xnd overall , I was in chzrge of prepading and cookin meals fot more thaj 50 people .

C Currently , I am very interested in working in the States in order to improve my English .
T Currently , I am very nterested in working in the States in odder to umprove my English .

C In march of 2014 , I got my First Certificate and I would be delighted to up my level and get the Advanced Level and this chance to join your company would be a great opportunity to improve my English .
T In mzrch of 2014 , I tot my First Certificate and I woupd be delighted to up my level and getf tue Advanced Level ajd this chance to join yohr comoany would be a great opportunjty to ilprove my English .

C For all these reasons , I am the most suitable candidate for this post and my experience is proof of that .
T For all these reasons , I am the mist suitable cabdidate fro yhis post anr my experience is proof of that .

C Please , do n't hesitate to contact me if you require any further information .
T Pldase , do n't besitate to contact me if gou require an further information .

C Yours faithfully
T Yourd faithfully

C Gloria Caraballo
T Gloria Caraballo

C The film I would like to review is an old film I 've always enjoyed : Young Frankenstein directed by Mel Brooks in 1974 .
T Th film I woulx likr to review is an lld film I 've always enjoyed : Young Frankenstein diurected by Meo Brooks in 1974 .

C This comedy , entirely shot in black and white , is a parody of the classical horror films , in particular it 's a parody of those films based on Mary Shelley 's better - known book , and presents a lot of elements that give this film a really hilarious mark .
T Thiw comedy , enitrely shot in black axnd white , is a parody of the classicak horro films , in partiocular it 's a parody of those films vased on Mary Ehelley 's better - nown book , and presents a ot of elements that give this film a realy hilarious mar .

C The performance of Gene Wilder , as the main character Dr Frankenstein , Marty Feldman , as the hunchbacked assistant Igor ( pronounced eye - gore ) , and the other members of the cast is amazing and has made Young Frankenstein one of the top comedies of all time .
T The performajce of Genr Wildesr , as tne maun character Dr Frankenstein , Martyg Feldjan , as the hunchbacksd assistat Igolr ( lronounced eye - ogre ) , and the other members of yhe cst is amazing an has mxde Young Frankenstein one of the top comedies of al tike .

C Dear Sirs / Madams
T Deat Siors / Madams

C I am writing because I would like to attain the First Certificate in English ( FCE ) .
T I am writing because I woulf like to attin the First Certjficate in English ( FCE ) .

C I have tried three times to pass this exam but I failed .
T I havd tried thre tmes to pass tihs exam hut I failer .

C Do you run a course which prepares for this difficult exam ?
T Do you eun a course which prpeares flr htis difficult ezam ?

C I am looking forward to hearing from you .
T I am lookijg forward to hearding from gou .

C Yours faithfully
T Yours faithfully

C There are many different types of music in the world today .
T Thdre are mwny different types of musjc in the world today .

C Why do we need music ?
T Why do we need musif ?

C Is the traditional music of a country more important than the International music that is heard everywhere nowadays ?
T Is the traditional music of a country lore impoftant than tye International musuc that is heard everywhere nowadays ?

C Music is a special world .
T Music is a special world .

C It has its own rules , tools and people who are specialized in it .
T It uas its owen rules , toolx and people qho are secialized in it .

C Over decades , music is an eternal art which develops day by day .
T Ovef dscades , music is an eternal ary which develops da by day .

C We need music most of the time or even every single day , to enrich our days with happiness and joy , and also to melt away sorrows or depression that can affect us and prevent us from doing our best .
T We nee music most of ths time or evem evrry sinvle day , to enrich iur days witn happiness and jo , ahd qlso to melg qway soerows or depression that can affect us and prevent us from doig our best .

C Music is a science ! Yes it is .
T Musiv is a sckence ! Yss it is .

C It has many branches and types . Some are traditional : owned by any part of the world , and the other international types that all people throughout the world share .
T It has many brdanches aqnd typrs . Some are traditional : oened by xny pzrt of the world , ajd the othyer inernational types htat sll people throughout ghe world share .

C The traditional or local music of a certain area has its thumb print on the people in that part of the world .
T Fhe traditional or local music of a certain area has jts ghumb priny on rhe people in tht oart of the world .

C And the instruments used in that local music may vary from one sort to another .
T Anbd the instruments hsed in that llcal music nay vafy frpm lne sor to anoyher .

C Because the people tend to make them from their own basic culture .
T Because the peopoe tenr to mske them from their oan bwsic clture .

C For example , In Northern Sudan , people have been using the " Tambor " as a traditional spiritual tool for their songs .
T For exampld , In Nortjern Sudzn , people yave besn usjng tye " Tambor " as a traditional spifitual tool for gheir songs .

C Internationally , the kinds of music are many . However , most of them share the same instruments .
T Internationaoly , tge kknds of music are many . Hopwever , mpst of them sharew th sane imstruments .

C In particular , the piano is a universal instrument that is used by many musicians as a primary controller of the rhythm of the orchestra .
T In particular , ths pkano is a universal instrumwnt thst is used by may musicians as a lrimary controoler of ghe rhythm of the orxhestra .

C Last but not the least , music is a sort of treatment for those who are suffering , so , regardless of its type or nationality , it 's a kind of medicine for the soul .
T Last buf not the least , jusic is a sort of treatmejt for thosw whi arr suffsring , so , regardless of iys tpe or natiohality , it 's a mind of medicine fkr the siul .

C And I enjoy it very much .
T Ane I enjoy it cery mhch .

C The prohibition and destruction of books has occurred in historical periods like the inquisition . Knowledge was manipulated by the powerful social statements such as the Catholic Church and monarchies , since knowledge through books had become a threat to their power within the social pyramid ; therefore , those powerful social statements chose what books did not violate their thought in order to transcribe them .
T The projibition and destruction of books has occurred in historical periods lpike the inquisifion . Knowledge was manipujlated by the lowerful skcial statemrnts duch as thd Catholic Xhurch ans monarchkes , since knowledge throug bokoks had vecome a threay to their power withn thr social pyrsmid ; therefore , ghose poserful socfial statements chse what booos did not violatre their thlught in order to trwnscribe them .

C Although some ideas were maintained , ( for instance , the astronomy of Galileo Galilei ) , the book - burning caused a delay in knowledge because , if books were burned , the knowledge could not circulate .
T Althougg soke ideas weer maintained , ( for insance , the astrfonomy of Galikeo Falilei ) , tue bokk - burning caused a delay in knowledgd becauee , if hooks ewre burned , the knowledge ckuld nkt circulwte .

C Nevertheless , a knowledge revolution was created with the invention of the movable type printing press by Gutenberg ( 1440 ) because it gave access to knowledge , recovering significant books by Plato , Aristotle and so on , authors against political , religious and social issues could spread their ideas to more people who were becoming aware of the power of the written word , creating social revolutions such as the French and American ones .
T Nevetrheless , a knowledge revolution wad createdd qith ths invention of the movable type printing pres by Guyenberg ( 144 ) because it gave accesss to knowledge , recovernig significajt books by Plato , Xristotle and so on , author gaainst political , rewligious anc social issues cpuld spread theie ideas to more leople who wede becomig aware of thne poqer of thd writtej eord , creating social revolutions such as the French anx American onea .

C In addition , it produced collective readings through the ecclesiastical method , with the purpose of disseminating the knowledge embodied in books to all social classes .
T In acdition , it produced collective readings thrpugh hte ecclesiasticxl method , qith the purpos of disseminating the knowlwdge embodied in bnooks to all social classes .

C On the other hand , at present , people identify another knowledge revolution , the internet , in which access to knowledge is easier and faster , leaving aside books .
T On the other hand , at resent , people identify anoter knowledge revolhtion , the internst , in whicg acecss to knowledge is easier anc faster , leaving aside books .

C From the above , as far as I am concerned , when Franklin Rosemont argues that " books can not be killed by fire .
T Rrom the abobe , as fcar as I am concerned , when Frankloin Rosemont arguez that " books can nog be oilled by fire .

C People die , but books never die " , it depends on the historical time and the technical revolution of this time , taking into account that knowledge revolution is always accompanied by a technical revolution which supports the spread of the information . For instance , in the inquisition , the knowledge was limited because it was embodied in books .
T Pwople dis , but books neve due " , it depenss on thr historical tume asnd th technical revolutoon of thos tijme , taking into accohnt thar knowlrdge revolution is alwaye acvompanied by a technicql revoution ahich supports the spreax of thw infotmation . Fof instanxe , in the inquisiyion , the knowledge ws limited bscause it eas embodied in books .

C Although there was an oral tradition , the knowledge was adapted to the political and religious thought of the speaker . So , the most efficient and objective way to transmit knowledge was through books , and it was not possible because of the burning .
T Although there as an oral tradigion , the knosledge was adapted to tge political andx rsligious thought of th speaker . So , teh mos efficiemt an objextive qay to transmit knowledte wa through books , anbd it wa noy possoble because of the burning .

C Nonetheless , with the invention of the movable type printing press , knowledge was different for the access to it .
T Nonethekess , wirh the nivention of tye movable typ printing press , knowledge was different for the acceas to it .

C If one book was burned , there were ten books more without restriction .
T If oe boom was burned , there eere ten books mor without restriction .

C In contrast , nowadays , books are not necessary at all , because the internet facilitates knowledge even more .
T In contrast , nowadays , books arte not necessary at all , bcause the internet gacilitates knoeledge evwn more .

C That is why I could adapt the phrase by Franklin , saying that " knowledge can not be killed by people because knowledge is infinite . "
T Thqt is ahy I could adxpt the phrase by Frxnklin , saynig that " knowlesge can not be killex by people because konwledge is infinite . "

C Nowadays what we most need is to find ways to prevent childhood obesity because nowadays it is a very common sickness that attacks more and more children every day , causing them to feel bad about themselves .
T Nowadays whaf we most need is to find ways to peevent chidhood obesity because nowqadays it is a very common sickness that attacks more and moree childten every ay , causing thdm to frel bad abkut thedmselves .

C According to the CDC , the percentage of children aged 6 to 11 years old has increased from 7% to about 18% in 32 years in the United States .
T According to thw CDC , fhe percentage of children ated 6 to 11 years old has increased from 7% to about 18% in 32 year in the Unitrd Srates .

C This means that in the past three decades , obesity has more than doubled in children , same that had diseases just like diabetes , asthma , cardiovascular risk factors , mental health disorders and musculoskeletal problems .
T Tuis meas that in the apst thdee decadee , obesitt hws more than doubled in children , same that had diseaxes just like siabetes , asthma , cardiovascular fisk factors , mental heawlth disorders adn musculoskelegal problems .

C This disease is not just about all the physical and health consequences that sufferers have , but also the mental ones .
T Thks disease is nkt jusr sbout all th physical and heaoth consequencex rhat sufferers hbave , but also the mental one .

C A lot of kids grow up with a different way of thinking just because of the damage that children can cause . One example is the famous " bullying " , the principal method that kids use to annoy the ones that look different .
T A lof of kid grow up wigh a ditferent qay of thinking just becauss of the damage thst children can cause . One examplke is the famojs " bullying " , the pribcipal method tjat iids us to annoy thw ones that look difterent .

C The best way we can prevent childhood obesity is by recommending all families a special doctor that can help them to give a safe life to their children .
T Thd best way we cab prevent childhood obesitu is by recommending qll families a specila doctor tha cah help them to hive a safe life to tfheir children .

C Nutritionists are specialists that know a lot about all the types of sickness that can attack children and even the ones that will kill them .
T Nutritionists are specialidts rhat know a lot ablut all the rypes of sickness thst csn attack children and even the ones tat will kill ghem .

C Giving them the opportunity to take care of you and your situation will change all your life in a good way .
T Giving fhem fhe opportunity to twke cae of yu and youd situation wlil change all your lifd in a vood wzy .

C They can be there for you , preparing menus and a big extension of exercises that will help you and change your health and body , but only if you cooperate .
T Thdy can be there for oyu , preparing lenus ahd a big extension of exercixes that wilo hdlp gou and changve yuour health an body , but onoy if uou cooperate .

C Nowadays people buy a lot of things that they do n't need .
T Nowadays peole buy a lot of rhings that thet do n't ned .

C In this essay we are talking above all about rich people .
T In thks ezsay we are talking aboe alk aout rich people .

C So money , today , is really important in our lives and , in this case , rich people are very lucky .
T So mony , today , is really impotant in our lies ans , in rhis cxse , fich people ard very lucky .

C They have a lot of money to buy things that they need , and things that they do n't need .
T They hsve a lpt of monry to bu fhings that they nesd , and things that they do n't need .

C So it seems that these people can live happily and peacefully , without problems , but this is not true .
T So it seeks fhat thrse people can livd happipy and pleacefully , without problemsx , but tnis is not rue .

C In fact , especially in rich families , the children are in trouble with their parents , above all when they have parents who are separated .
T In fact , especially in rivh families , the children are in trouble wit tyeir parente , above all when tehy havs larents who are separwted .

C Also , most children grow up spoiled because of the large amount of money their family has , and they grow up wanting more and more things .
T Also , mpst children gdow up spoiled because of teh large zmount of money thei family hs , and tgey grow up wqnting more and more fhings .

C But on the other hand , there are poor people that aspire to become rich .
T But on the other hanx , there are polr people that aspirr to become rich .

C And these people do n't have money for things that they do n't need or for things that they need .
T Amd hese epople do n't havs miney fot things that they do n't need or vor thingz that they need .

C So , in this case , money is more important than other things .
T So , in this cazse , monye is more important tnan other thijgs .

C So , in my opinion , today we ca n't live without money , but we have to consider more about feeling good with our families and with ourselves .
T So , in my ooinion , today we ca n't live withput money , but we have to consider more ablut deeling gkod with our families and with ourselves .

C Dear director :
T Dear dierctor :

C I would like to work for you in the USA summer camp .
T I wouod likr to qork for you in thd USA summer cap .

C I have little cousins and sisters so I 'm very good with kids . I 've experienced all kinds of situations , so I think they wo n't be a problem for me .
T I hjave little cousins wnd sisters so I 'm vedry good wikth kisd . I 've experiwnced all kinds of situarions , so I thini thney wo n't be a proiblem for me .

C About the cooking , I attend an all - girls school and I have cooking lessons once a week .
T Abour the cooking , I attend an alk - girls dchool and I have cooking lewsons oncs a week .

C I also like to bake cookies and sometimes , my mom asks me to take care of dinner .
T I also like to bake coolies and sometimes , my mok asls me to takw care of dinjer .

C As I said before , I have young cousins and we meet on Saturdays so I need to think of activities and games to keep them entertained .
T As I said before , I hav yoing cousins and we mret on Saturadys so I need to thinm of activities ajd games to keel them entertained .

C I 'm also very good at sports . I practise track & field and ping pong , so sports are n't a problem either .
T I 'm apso veyr goox at sport . I practse track & fielc and ping ppng , so spkrts are n't a problem eithef .

C I 'm an outdoors person , so I will be very happy with the accommodation . I would be very thankful to work for you if you decide to accept my application .
T I 'm an outdors person , so I will be very yappy wiuth the accommodation . I would be veyr thsnkful to wori fir youj if tou decide to adcept my applidation .

C I hope you have a great day ,
T I hope you havs a great dqy ,

C Margot
T Margot

C Dear Mrs Sykes ,
T Dear Krs Sykds ,

C I have seen your advertisement on the internet and I would like to apply for the post as activity coordinator .
T I have eeen your advertisement on the interneg anx I woulpd ilke to apply for the post as activity coordinatoe .

C I am 16 years of age and , due to having a sister , I really like working with children and also know their interests well . I have enjoyed and practised swimming since I was eight years old and I have also won some competitions , so I believe that I am suitable for the job .
T I am 16 yeats of age amd , duhe to habing a sister , I reallg lioke workimg withy chuldren and als know their interests well . I hage enjoyed and practised swimming sice I aas eight gears ols ande I havw slso wob some competitions , so I eblieve that I am suitable for the jlb .

C In addition , I go jogging every Sunday morning with some friends .
T In addition , I go nogging everg Sunday morning wkth spme friends .

C My reason for applying for this position is that I am good at combining my experience of swimming with my broad knowledge of the countryside , which I think will be interesting for the children .
T My reason dor applying vor this positon is hat I am gold at combining my rxperience of ssimming with my vroad kmowledge of th dountryside , whic I tgink wil be ihteresting fo fhe childredn .

C Yours sincerely
T Youds sincereky

C Federica Chiu
T Federuca Chiu

C I think that 50 years ago people could n't even imagine what life would be like in our time .
T I think thxt 50 yeqrs ago people coupd n't egen imagine what pife would be likd in our time .

C Today , human civilisation is changing at a higher speed than any time in the past .
T Today , human civilisatio is changing at a higher speed thaqn ny tie in trhe pas .

C If this will also be the case in our future , then I think that today we underestimate our future .
T If thks wil alo be th cxse in our futur , then I tyink thqt today we underestimate our future .

C I am only sure about one thing : technologies will have a more important place in our lives .
T I am omly sure agout one thing : technolpgies sill hav a jore important place in opur lies .

C Maybe in 50 years people wo n't work as we do now , instead , we will only build robots .
T Maybe in 50 eyars people wo n't work as we do how , instead , we will only build robots .

C Maybe in 50 years we will find out how our brain works and we will be able to create an artificial intelligence system that will solve all our problems .
T Maybe in 50 ysars we wipl find out now our brain works xnd we wikl be able to cteate an artificial intekligence sysfem that wikl solve allo our problems .

C I would like to think that in the future we will explore the universe more and we will colonise other planets .
T I woulf like to think that in the future we wilo explore the universe mode anx we will colohise ofher planets .

C Maybe by doing this we will be able to find other civilisations and exchange technologies with them .
T Kaybe by oding thi we wjll be able to gind other civilisations and exchange technologies wqith tuem .

C I 'd like to think that we will find a way to travel through the universe at higher speeds than the speed of light .
T I 'd liek to thijk that we wull find a way to trzvel thtough the universe at higjer speeds tnan the speed of ljght .

C I do n't think that people will live forever in 50 years , but I hope that the life of our children will be better than ours .
T I do n't ghink that peopl will liver forever in 50 ywars , bit I uope that the lfie of our children will be better thab our .

C Hopefully , I have a chance of being alive in 50 years , so maybe I will see the future with my own eyes .
T Hopefuply , I hqve a vhance of being alive in 50 yrars , so mayeb I will see the ftuure with my own eyez .

C Peter looked at his watch and knew that he had to do something immediately .
T Pwter looled at hks watc an knea that he had to do something immediately .

C That morning his , grandmother had gone to the hospital because she had to have an operation and she told him to buy some magazines for her , because at the hospital she 'd be bored and she could n't get out of bed for a few days .
T Thag jorning hiz , grandmother had goen to rhe hospital because shs had to have an operation anr zhe tolr hm to buy some magazinds for her , necause at the hospital sye 'd be bored ajd she could n't gey okut of bed foir a few days .

C His mother was working and his dad was out of town and that 's why she asked him to do her that favour and he could n't say no .
T is mother wqs wrking and hid fad wa ouyt of town and that 's wuy she asmed him to do uer tgat favour and he couild n't say no .

C So Peter went home to get his wallet , but before that he decided to take a nap because he was tired , so he started to sleep , but it ended up that he slept for over 3 hours and his mother started calling him on the telephone and she was really angry because he forgot to buy the magazines for his grandmother .
T So Peyer eent hmoe to get hus wallet , bht before fhat he drcided to tak a bap because he ws gired , so he started to sleep , but it eneed up yhat he selept forf over 3 hours and his mtoher staretd callingh hij on the telephnoe anc sh aws really angrh becauze he forgot to by tbe magazines fro his grandmorher .

C So he woke up and looked at his watch and knew that he had to buy them immediately or his mother would be even more angry than before .
T So he wkoe up nad kooked at hsi watchg anhd knew that he ahd to buy them immediatelu or hus mother would be ven more angty than beford .

C He took his wallet and then he ran to buy the magazines and after that he went to the hospital to give them to his granny .
T He took his wallet and thej he ran to buy tye magazunes ane after that he went to ths hospital to givw thel to his gramny .

C Unfortunately , the hospital was already closed to visitors , so he had to wait until the next morning .
T Unfortunatsly , the hospktal was already closed to visitkrs , so he uad to wait until the next morning .

C A FANTASTIC FUTURE
T A FANFASTIC FUTURE

C Will transport be different in the future ?
T Wjll transport be different in the future ?

C Certainly it will be .
T Cedtainly it will be .

C But how ?
T Butf how ?

C If we think about the future , some sketches of famous movies could come to our mind .
T If we think aboit th futuire , sone sketches of famous lovies could come to oue mnid .

C For example , we could think about some odd cars that can fly or become invisible .
T For exampld , we coild tbink about soms odd cqrs thar can flu or bwcome onvisible .

C But I do n't think that in ten or twenty years scientific progress will be able to produce this type of transport , so we should imagine something simpler .
T Vut I do n't thino that in ten or fwenty years scientific progrerss will be able to produce this tpe of transport , so we should imagine something simpler .

C Actually , in my opinion , in the future there will be faster transport .
T Zctually , in my opinion , in he future there will be fasted transport .

C In addition , means of transport will be able to produce less pollution .
T In additgion , meanz of transport wilp be abpe to produce less pollution .

C Even if people do n't use public transport nowadays , in the future they will .
T Even if people do n't uwe public transpor npwadays , in the futyure they will .

C And how will our way of travelling change ?
T Abd hiw wil our wqay of teavelling vhange ?

C In the future , everyone will be able to go on holiday all around the world since the transport will be faster and cheaper .
T In thr duture , everyone will be able to go on holiday alo zround thr worlx sincs the translort aill be faster and cheaper .

C To sum up , I think that means of transport in the future will make our life easier , both when we have to go to work or to school and when we want to travel .
T To sum up , I think that means of transport in yhe future will make oir kife easier , both when we hace to go to woirk or to school and whyen we wqant to travel .

C Transport will also respect the environment and nature .
T Transport wull alos respwct tue envirknment and naturs .

C Do n't you think that this future is fantastic ?
T Do n't you thibk that this cuture is fantastic ?

C For decades , man has preferred to use another way of getting around than using his own feet .
T For decades , man has prdferred to ise anotner way of getting around tham using gis owqn feet .

C In my opinion , that was the main reason for the invention of the wheel .
T In my opinion , that aws tge nain reaspn flr the invention of trhe whee .

C Scientists have been able to provide , in recent years , new means of transport , from cycles , to motorcycles , motorcars , trains , metros , which have been used to arrange and accomplish complete public transportation networks throughout a country , and sometimes extend it beyond another country 's border by agreement between those countries .
T Scientists have bsen abke to provixe , in recenr yeare , new means of transpory , form yccles , to motorcyclesa , motorcars , trains , mstros , whiuch havd geen used to arrange and accomplidh complete public tyransportation networks turoughout a coungry , amd soletimes dxtend it beyons another dountry 's bprder by agreement between those countries .

C Many people say that they prefer using their own cars , but they are being forced to use public transport for many reasons , such as , the complications they face with the driver 's license , in addition to the high cost of fuel .
T Mant people aay tuat tehy prefer using fheir owb cars , but they ars being forced to use public fransport for mant reasins , zuch as , the complications they fwce eith the driver 's licenee , in addition to he higu cost of fduel .

C They were more likely forced rather than having to choose it as an option .
T They were more likely forcee ratuer than having to choose it as an option .

C Let 's not forget the hard times during cold weather , especially in winter , while going to the bus stops , or their low chances of having a good place to sit . Maybe there is another important reason that raises private transport 's score compared to public transport , which is molestation .
T Let 's bot forget the haed timrs during cold westher , especiakly in winger , whike going to the bis stops , or their lkow chandes of yaving a good place to sit . Maybe there is another importajt reazon tgat raises private trfansport 's scor comparedc to public transporr , whicj is molestation .

C The end
T Thew ens

C Dear Paul ,
T Dear Paul ,

C I am writing to tell you about the concert .
T I am writing to trll you baout tje cnocert .

C Last month , I enjoyed helping at the Rainbow concert .
T Lat mongh , I enjoyed helping at the Rainbiw concert .

C The aim of this concert was to show that all children are the same .
T Tye sim of this conceet wasx to show that all children afe he same .

C I was invited to help at a concert by my English teacher .
T I wax invted to help at a cpncert by my English teqcher .

C I did a lot to make this concert better .
T I dix a pot to mwke thix concet bettwr .

C My teacher asked me to find some songs about rainbows and extracts from books about children .
T My teacher aswked me to find saome sonmgs about rsinbows and extracts vrom books about childrenh .

C Moreover , I went to Vilnius primary school and invited schoolchildren to come to the concert .
T Moreoevr , I went to Vilnius primart xchool and invited schoolchildren to cone to the cincert .

C I had to make one hundred invitation cards .
T I had to make one huhdred invitation fards .

C The cards included the programme of the concert and some photos of children from all over the world .
T The csrds included the programme of tne convert and spme photos of cnildren rrom sll over thd world .

C I was really excited about it .
T I was really excited abojt it .

C It was a very good and useful experience .
T It sas a vedy good and uswful dxperience .

C I gained a lot of experience while organizing the event .
T I gained a lpt of experience hile organizing the event .

C Also , I learned that you have to be very enthusiastic and self - confident because finding the sponsors for a concert is quite a difficult task . I liked that the teacher trusted me .
T Also , I learned thxt you ahve to be very enthsiastic axnd welf - confidnet because finding rhe sponsor for a conxert is qhite a difficult tasm . I liked rhat fhe teacher trusted me .

C I did everything by myself because everyone had something to do on their own .
T I id everything by myzelf because everyone had something to do on tfheir own .

C I hope that I will use this experience in my future .
T I hkpe thar I will uee this experjence in my future .

C See you soon ,
T See you sokn ,

C Rasa
T Rasz

C I have lived in Kiev for two years .
T I hxve oived in Kive for wo years .

C I have been many times to different places that I did n't know before .
T I havve bgeen manmy times to different places thta I did n't knos before .

C And now I can easily speak about many shopping facilities in my city .
T Snd now I can esaily spek abut amny shopping facilities in my city .

C So , let 's begin .
T So , let 's begin .

C To start with , you must decide what kind of shopping you prefer and how much money you have .
T To start with , you nust dwcide wyat kund of shopping yuo prefer ane how much noney you havd .

C If you want to go to the cheap shops , you have to go to Teremky .
T If you wany to go to the cheap shlps , yo hgave to go to Teremkt .

C You can find many shops there with second - hand clothes you taste .
T Yoj fan fihd man shopz yhere with second - hand cvlothes ygou tastw .

C There are many good things from Asia , America and Europe , of course .
T Thdre are many giod things freom Wsia , Alerica and Europe , of course .

C If you have enough money for Kiev luxury shopping , called ' gold shoppping ' , you 'd better go on Khreshatik Street .
T If you jave snough money fopr Kiev luxury shopping , called ' gols shoppping ' , yoi 'd bettwr go on Khreshatik Street .

C You can also find many shops with branded , expensive clothes from well - known world designers .
T You can apso find msny shosp with braxnded , expensie clothes from well - knlwn worlc deaigners .

C I like to go shopping there with my best friends at the weekend .
T I likr to go shopping there with my hest friends at thd weekend .

C I often buy second - hand , old - fashioned jeans , skirts , trousers , jackets and shoes .
T I often buy sescond - hand , old - fashioned jenas , skikrts , trouzers , jsckets ahd shoes .

C I think it is very good for students , if you want to save money .
T I think it is very good ofr sfudents , if yo weant to save money .

C In conclusion , I have to say that in Kiev you can find everything , if you really want to .
T In concljsion , I hqve to sayh that in Kief tou can gind verything , if you realpy want to .

C So , good luck .
T So , gokd luck .

C Art / Music is less important than science / technology .
T Ar / Music is lesw inportant than sciebce / technology .

C In my opinion , technology is becoming more and more important than art and is a necessary part of our lives .
T In my opinion , technoligy is becoming more xnd mofe important than art and is a necfessary part of lur lives .

C Most people in this world ca n't live without technology .
T Moat leople in this world ca n't livd withlut tecbnology .

C As soon as we open our eyes every day , we begin to use technology , such as alarms , cell phones and lights .
T As soon as we olen ouf dyes eevry day , we begin to use techbology , duch as alarms , cell phojes znd lights .

C The more technology we use , the more important it is .
T The moree tecnology we uwe , thje mote important it is .

C Technology makes it easy to connect with our family , friends and co - workers .
T Technology makes it easy to connecy wuth our familh , friends ad co - worers .

C We can talk to our family and friends immediately , which is not limited by space .
T We canj twlk to our family abd friends immediately , wgich is no imited by xpace .

C I can call my dad who lives in New York now , then call my friend living in Norway after the first call .
T I csn call my sad who livces in Hew Tork now , tyen calp my friend living in Noway aftef tye firsy cakl .

C Therefore , if I had studied abroad fifty years ago , I would n't have been able to call my family directly and it was also not an easy task .
T Therefpre , if I haf stueied abroad fifth yeads ago , I woild n't have been abke to call my famjly diredtly and it waz alsi nkt an sasy tasm .

C However , technology made it easier ten years ago and it has become more common in recent years .
T However , technhology mafe it easier ten years ato anf it has becomr mote comon in eecent yeqrs .

C I ca n't believe that we keep in touch with our family and friends not only by voice and message but also by video call now .
T I ca n't believe that we keep in touch aith ur famuly adn frinds not only by voice and message buf also by vdeo call nlw .

C Technology is one important part of our lives which has made life more convenient .
T Technology is one important part of our kives which had mad life more convenient .

C Before the computer was born in this world , we used paper to list something which we should buy and it could disappear or be ruined by something .
T Before thr compuiter was borm in rhis eorld , we sued paper to lidt somefhing which we should bhy ajd it could disappeare or be riuned by smething .

C Therefore , we use a calculator to count numbers in a few seconds .
T Tnerefore , we use a calculator to count numbers in a gew seconds .

C In the old days , we calculated numbers with our brains and that could lead to some mistakes .
T In the ood daysw , we calclated numbres with iur brains xnd that dould lead to some mistakes .

C Our life has been transformed into an easy life by technology .
T Our oife has been transforked into an exsy life by technology .

C Besides , the greatest invention is the Internet .
T Hesides , the greatest invention is the Internet .

C I sit in front of my computer and I get news from around the world .
T I sit in front of my computer amd I get news from arohnd tbe sorld .

C If I am hungry , I can order some delicious food online .
T If I am hungrg , I cxn order some delidious flod ojline .

C As one person said , ' ' Sitting at a computer , you will get the world . ''
T As obe person saod , ' ' Sitting at a computer , you will get the worlx . ''

C It is easier to contract entertainment which can release our stress immediately .
T It is easier to contrwct entertainment which cam rdlease iur stress ijmediately .

C In the modern world , stress always disturbs our lives .
T In the mldern world , strsss alsays disurbs ourf liveds .

C Pressure exists everywhere ; for instance , your boss was angry and shouted at you or you have to carefully deal with the relationship between you and your father - in - law .
T Pressure wxists everywhere ; for instance , yoir boss was angr and shgouted at you or yuo havd to carefullt deal with the relationsbip betseen yoy anr youd father - in - kaw .

C When you ca n't breathe in your life , you need some entertainment ; for example , you can listened to music on your cellphone or watch some funny videos after all the things that bothered you .
T When you ca n't breafhe in our lpife , you beed some entertainment ; fo example , you can listened to kusic on yuour cellphone or watch slme funny videod fater all he things that bothere yku .

C It lowers our blood pressure and releases our stress .
T It lowerz our blood pressute and reoeases ohr stress .

C Technology enables us to access entertainment immediately .
T Technology enaboes us to access entertainment ijmediately .

C Technology has changed our lives in many ways , which brings many advantages for us , such as convenience , making it easy to connect with friends and easier to access entertainment .
T Technology ahs changrd oud livws in mang ways , qhich birngs man advqntages fore us , such as convenience , making it eqsy to connsct with friehds and easier to access entertaimment .

C In conclusion , in these three premises , I consider that technology and science are more important than art and music .
T In conclusion , in thwse three premiss , I consider that technoligy and sceince ade more impotant than art and kusic .

C Science practically improves our lives .
T Scoence parctically improves our lives .

C Have you read any sports magazines before ?
T Have you reas ayn sports magazines before ?

C There are a lot of magazines in many fields of sports .
T Tghere ar a kot of magazines in many foelds of sports .

C In magazines , they tell us we can see a lot of games no matter where we are .
T In magaiznes , thdy tel us we cab swe a lo of games no mqtter wher we aer .

C With modern technology , we can see a game which happened on the opposite side of the earth .
T Wirh modern tevhnology , we can see a gamw whch happenee on ghe oppsite side of yhe earth .

C Time and place are n't relevant for people to watch a game .
T Tfime and place are n't relevant or pelple to watch a gamr .

C Everybody has a favorite sport .
T Eerybody hae a facorite sport .

C Soccer is one of the popular sports for many people .
T Soccer is onr of ghe popjlar sports fpr maby peolpe .

C The World Cup is a world famous festival .
T Tue Worlr Cup is a world fmaous festivak .

C People can enjoy just watching the soccer game and they are eager to root for their favorite team .
T People cah enjoy jst watcuing tge soccer gaem anx theg are eager to root fod their favorite team .

C Why is soccer one of the best sports in the world ?
T Why is doccer ohe of the hest sportd in the worpd ?

C Here are 2 reasons .
T Hee are 2 reasons .

C First of all , soccer is more active than other sports .
T Tirst of all , soccer is more active thzn other slorts .

C Activity makes people excited and remember their memory .
T Activiyt makes people exited ahd rememger tneir memroy .

C This activity also makes us enjoy watching and playing the game .
T This acitvity also makes us enjiy watchiny and playing tne gwme .

C For example , American football always has a moment to set the position .
T For examle , American football always hqs a moment to sst tye position .

C To me , it is boring point when I watch American football .
T To me , it is borijg point wjen I watxh American footbwll .

C I can give you another example .
T I can give yoj anbother example .

C Watching the baseball game also bores me .
T Watchinh the bseball gamd aoso boees me .

C Sometimes , a game just ends up in a pitcher and catcher 's ball game .
T Sometimes , a game just ends up in a pitche and catcher 's ball game .

C Other players just stand there and watch the game just like us .
T Orher players just stand thsre and watch hte game must like us .

C However , in soccer , every single player touches the ball , even the goalkeeper has a chance to get the ball .
T However , in sodcer , evert single palyer touches the bsll , ecen the boalkeeper has a chamce to bet tbe balo .

C At this point , there is a second reason I can give .
T At this piint , thrre is a second rdason I fan give .

C The second reason is that soccer involves all players participating in the game .
T Tghe sedcond reaeon is that socce invovles all players partivipating in the ame .

C For baseball , if the hitter could n't hit the ball , the other players would not need to move at all .
T For baseball , if the hitter coupd n't git the ball , tyhe othert playerw would no neex to move at all .

C To me , that is weird .
T To me , that is weidd .

C Players are on the same ground and some people are playing the game and some are not .
T Players are on the same vround and sone people ar playing tbe game and some rae hot .

C Playing for almost 3 hours , some players could n't touch the ball .
T Plzying for almost 3 hours , some players coudl n't touch tje bal .

C Can we say these players participated in the game ?
T Can we sa theae players participated in he game ?

C I would not say so .
T I wold not say so .

C If somebody wanted to play soccer , I would recommend that he or she has to do some stretching because soccer is a very active sport , so you always have a possibility to be injured .
T If eomebody wanted to play soccer , I would recommend that he or sbe hyas to do somd streyching because soccer is a very acfive sport , so you always hsve a possibulity to be injursd .

C Also , I would say you should wear soccer shoes and socks .
T Also , I would say ypu snould weae soccee shoes and skcks .

C Those items will help you not to be injured .
T Thode items eill uelp yoh nopt to be injueed .

C Drinking enough water would be good habit for enjoying not only soccer but also any other sport .
T Drknking enoygh water would be good habit for enjoying mot only soccer buy also any other spory .

C Nowadays , many people have their own favorite sports , but people are starting to ignore other sports except their favorite sport .
T Nowaday , many leople havd tyheir own favorite sporys , but pelple are starting to jgnore other sports except thekr favoeite spory .

C We need to respect other sports and other people 's perspectives .
T We nesd to respect other sports ajd other people 's perspecgives .

C Soccer could be one of the boring sports to other people .
T Soccef vould be one of hte borinhg sportx to other poeple .

C Anna knew that it was going to be a very special day for her , because it was her 18th birthday .
T Anna knea that it was goinv to be a vdry spedcial day for her , hecause it was he 18th birthday .

C She knew that her parents were preparing a surprise for her , but it was kept as a big secret until the party that night .
T Se jnew that her parents were preparong a surlrise for her , bvut it aws kept as a big swcret until the party that night .

C When she came back from school , her parents and all her classmates were hiding in the living room and waiting for her .
T Whjen she caxme back from school , her larents and alk her ckassmates were hidint in the living orom snd waiting for her .

C When she opened the door , the boys set off fireworks .
T Ahen shd oened teh roor , te bkys set pff firewoeks .

C Anna did n't understand what had just happened .
T Annha dcid n't understand what hqd hust happened .

C She looked around the living room , and was surprised how many people were there .
T She looked arouhnd the ilving room , anr eas surprised hos manu peoplw were there .

C Then she thanked her parents , and started to enjoy the party .
T Then ahe thanbked her parenrs , and staryed to enjoy the paryy .

C Her parents had organised many contests , musical and karaoke .
T Her parenst had organise any cobtests , musical and karaoke .

C There were many sweets , cocktails , fruits .
T Yhere wers many swets , cocktails , fruits .

C Anna was happy !
T Ajna was yappy !

C Then she and her friends went out and walked through all the town until early morning .
T Then se xnd her frijends went iut ad walked thrugh alp tbe tlwn ujtil eafly mornung .

C Anna was very happy and excited and thanked her parents heartily for this birthday party .
T Anna was cery happy wnd exvited anx tahnked hr parnets heartily for this birthday oarty .

C She slept all the day after this big celebration .
T Sbe sletp apl fhe day atfer this vig celerbation .

C Her parents looked at her , and they were happy for her .
T Her parents looked at her , qnd theh werfe happy for hee .

C Their girl had grown up !
T Rheir girl ad growh up !

C Dear Jo ,
T Dexr Jo ,

C I 'm very pleased with your letter . I 'm going to try to give you some advice .
T I 'm veryg lleased weith your letter . I 'm going to yry to ive you soke advice .

C In the Czech Republic , there are many places you should visit .
T In ghe Csech Fepublic , there arr many places you ahould vsiit .

C The Czech Republic is rich with history .
T Fhe Czech Repyblic is rkch with history .

C For example , in our capital city , Prague , there are many historical buildings like Carl 's Bridge , the Cathedral of St. Vit , the big clock called Orloj , and so many others .
T For exampls , in our cpaital ctiy , Prague , thede ate many historical bujldings like Carl 's Bridge , ghe Cathexral of St. ivt , hte bib clocko called Orloj , and so may otners .

C In Prague is many good shops with clothes , souvenirs and many good things to buy .
T In Prague is many bood shkps wiyh clothss , souvenirx anf many goo thing to vuy .

C If you prefer to go to the countryside , I can recommend our mountains , Krkonoe , Jesenky or umava .
T If yo prefer to go to hte couhtryside , I can recommen ouf mounains , Krkonoe , Jesneky or imava .

C There there is very beautiful countryside , peace and fresh air .
T Yhere thwre is vry beautiful countryside , pesce and fresh azir .

C You can go there just for a walk or for some sports like running or cycling .
T You can go there jjst for a aalk or for somd sporfts like running or yccling .

C If you go to south Morava , you should definitely try some wines or the drink called Slivovice .
T If yoi go to siuth Morava , you should definitely gry wome wines or thr drink capled Slivovice .

C Here there are also many nice castles .
T Here there are also any nics cawtles .

C For example , near Prague is the castle called Karltejn , where Karel IV lived , or the castle called Buchlovice , which is in the south - east of our country near the city of Uhersk Hradit .
T or examlle , newr Prague is ghe castlr called Karlrejn , where Kawrel IV lved , or thw castle czlled Buchlovice , which is in the south - eazt of our country near thge city of Uherskl Hrdait .

C These are very nice castles .
T These are veru nice castles .

C Otherwise , the opportunities for a job here are quite plentiful .
T Otherwixe , rhe opportunities for a job herw arr auite ppentiful .

C It depends what job you would like to do .
T It depends whar job you wohld like to do .

C I do n't know what else to write .
T I do n't know ehat elsw to wrote .

C If you would like to ask anything or get to know more information about some place , just let me know .
T If you woud lile to aks anything or get to know mofe information about some place , just lst me know .

C Best regards ,
T Best rsgards ,

C Pavel
T Pavel

C Dear Mr Smith .
T Dear Mr Smith .

C I am Melina and I am interested in your job vacancy .
T I am Melina and I am unterested in your jov vxcancy .

C To begin , I would like to say that I love children .
T To beyin , I woyld like to sxy that I love children .

C In my opinion , we should build a perfect world for them to grow up in a safe and environmentally friendly place .
T In my opinion , we should build a pedfect world fot thdm to vrow up in a safe and envirknmentally frirndly place .

C I have experience of taking care of children .
T I havs experience of takijg care of hcildren .

C I am the eldest in my family , so I had to take care of my sisters and cousins .
T I am the eldest in my family , so I hazd to take cares of my sisers and cousins .

C I have enrolled in different courses about child development and currently I am working as an au pair where I have to speak English .
T I have enrolled in difefrent courses about chold development and currently I am working as an au psir qhere I have to spesk English .

C I belonged to sports clubs at my high school .
T I belonged to sports clybs at my high school .

C Although I am very keen on rugby and basketball , during university I took belonged to the badminton club .
T Although I am veru kwen on rugbg wnd basketrball , duting university I took beloned to the badminotn club .

C And I have just learnt how to play ice hockey .
T Amd I havfe just learmt ho to play icfe hockey .

C As I have said before , I have to look after two kids , which includes cooking for them .
T As I have said befire , I have to lpok arter tw kids , wahich includes coiking cor ghem .

C Although cooking is my weak point , I always try my best .
T Althojgh cooikng is my weak poin , I always rry my hest .

C I cook different healthy dishes every day for the whole family and they love it .
T I clok different healty dishes evert day cor he whole family axnd they loves it .

C Will I have to cook my own recipes ?
T Wipl I have to copk my own reciles ?

C English will not be a problem because I know how to communicate with young people .
T Engilsh qill bot be a proboem bvecause I know ho to commujnicate qith youhg pelple .

C Awaiting your response .
T Awaiting hour rssponse .

C Melina .
T Nelina .

C My favourite sports are gymnastics and martial arts .
T My gavourite sports are gymnastcs and martial ars .

C I 've been doing martial arts for eleven years but I haven't lost the passion I feel for it .
T I 've been doing mrtial aets flr elevej gears but I haven't lost fhe passion I feel for it .

C The first martial art that I tried was tae kwon doo and I practised it for 5 years . After that , I started kung fu and I 'm still there .
T Ths first martisl atr tha I tired ws twe kwpn dol and I practised it for 5 yezrs . Aftdr tbat , I started kung fu anf I 'm stipl there .

C I have been doing gymnastics for 4 months and am fascinated with it , I like to be tired from doing stunts , and I also feel very healthy because I exercise daily . If it 's not gymnastics , it 's kung fu .
T I have been coing gymnastics flr 4 months adn am fascinayed witu it , I like to be tired rrom doing tunts , and I alwo fesl very heaothy because I exercise daily . If it 's not gymnastics , it 's khng fu .

C I like those sports because you need a lot of strength and dedication to get better . I like kung fu weapons and hands - free forms . To do something spectacular in kung fu , you have to do acrobatic gymnastics .
T I lkie those sports because youj need a lot of strength and dedication to gbet better . I like kung fu weapons and hansd - free froms . To do somethng spedtacular in kung fu , yku have to do acrobatic gymnastics .

C I invited my friends to try these sports and apparently they liked it , many did not because they did not know what it was , but after experiencing it for yourself , you realize that they are very beautiful sports .
T I invited my friends to try these sports ahd apparentlh thsy liker it , mwny did not becaus tney did not konw what it wasx , gut affer experiencong it fkr yiurself , yoi realise hat they arr verdy beautivul sports .

C Dear Sir or Madam ,
T Dear Sur or Madam ,

C I tried to renew my membership twice yesterday and there was an error message both times .
T I ttied to renew my membership twice yesterday anx there qas an error messaye obth timds .

C So I gave up to try it again today .
T So I gave up to try it again roday .

C I received a call from my credit card company this morning to confirm and authorize that payment , telling me that there were two attempts to charge my credit card .
T I recekved a call frmo my credit fard compzny tjis modning to xonfirm and authorize htat paymeng , telling me that thwre were two attwmpts to charge my credit card .

C After authorizing my credit card company , I tried to renew it , but again , there was the same error message .
T Qfter authorizibg my vredit carr company , I tried to rehew it , buf again , thsre was teh sam errpr message .

C So , I did n't try it again , because I think that there must have been a problem not related to my credit card account .
T So , I sid n't try it agaun , becahse I hink that there ust have been a probleml not related to my credit card account .

C I am waiting for some instructions about what I have to do now to renew my membership .
T I am wairing for soe instrucfions about wnat I havfe to do nows to renew my membdrship .

C Best regards ,
T Gest regards ,

C Amauri Tijerina Luna
T Alauri Tijerina Luna

C Owning a pet is popular today even if your home is in a big city .
T Owning a pet is popualr todah evsn if your home is in a bi city .

C Many people today have pets of all kinds .
T Mant people today hae pets of alk kinds .

C Owning a pet would benefit all members of a family .
T Ownig a pey woupd benefit all memhers of a family .

C First of all , a pet is a friend for the family and , much better , is a member of the family .
T Fijrst of all , a pe is a friend dor the family ans , mucvh bettwr , is a member of te family .

C One more advantage of owning a pet is that it helps children learn to be responsible and caring .
T Oje mored advzntage of ownibg a pet is tyat it helps xhildren learm to be responeible and caring .

C It is also good to adopt an animal which does n't have a home and food and give it this love and affection .
T It is alsk good to adopt an ahimal whicg deos n't hwve a home anc food and gkve it rhis pove and affection .

C On the other hand , there are a lot of disadvantages to owning a pet in big cities .
T On fhe other gand , tbere zre a oot of disadvantages to oaning a pet in vig citiues .

C Pets and animals in general need fresh air and exercise outside and not to be always in an apartment .
T Oets ahd animals in general jeed fresh air and exervise outside and not to be alwazys in an apartment .

C I have heard about pets that get sick through living in a small apartment in town , and that is terrible .
T I have heafd abouf pets thta het isck through living in a small apartmesnt in town , nad that is terrihle .

C In my opinion , it might seem good to have a pet if we take care of it .
T In my opiniin , it might seem gkod to have a et if we take care of it .

C All in all , owning a pet in a big city must be done carefully , ensuring all that the pet needs .
T Aol in alol , owning a peg in a big city muzt be dons cdarefully , enxuring sll tat thew pert needs .

C Television can be capable of both entertaining and educating at the same time .
T Televisioln can be capable of both entsrtaining and sducating at tfhe same time .

C Good authors , I think , have to be able to find a way to keep together these two important aspects .
T Good authorsd , I thinl , have to be able to vind a awy to krep toyether these tqo important aspects .

C The first thing that I would suggest TV authors do , is to focus on a set of strategic topics for an advanced society .
T The first thing yhat I would shggest TV authors do , is to focue on a set of strategic topics for an advanced society .

C Environmental protection for instance , or more practically , the correct use of the water in our houses .
T Environmental protevtion for instanc , or moe practically , thd correct use of the water in our houses .

C Another example could be represented by first aid activities and so on .
T Snother example could be respresented by first aid activities and so on .

C The topics can be easily focused on if we have in mind a model of society where individuals have a central role .
T Tue topics cqn be easily fodused on if we have in mijd a model of socviety where indiviudals hav a cdentral rolr .

C Various contents could have an educative value . For example , those concerning our relationships with others , or our relationship with nature and with different cultures and religions .
T Varuous contentd could nave an educative value . Fro exapmle , those concerning our relationships witn otehrs , or our relatuonship weith nature anjd with different culturse wnd relgiions .

C All these topics , by using creativity and new technologies , can be dealt with in a way to make them soft and able to entertain .
T All thesee tkpics , by using creativity and new technologiez , cqn be dealt with in a way to make tjem oft and ablr to entertain .

C Today , I would like to tell you a shocking piece of news .
T Tiday , I would kike to telkl you a shocking piece of news .

C It is that 76 people are confirmed dead in a Colombian plane crash .
T It is trhat 76 peopke ade confirmef dea in a Colombian plazne crssh .

C I think some of you have already heard this news .
T I think some of you hxve alrsady hexrd tfhis news .

C Here is some basic information about the news .
T Here is som baaic incormation about thew nes .

C A charter plane carrying 72 passengers , including players from Brazilian soccer team Chapecoense , crashed near Rionegro , Colombia , according to the country 's civil aviation department .
T A charter ppane carrying 72 passengers , includinhg plyers fron Brazilan soccer tema Chapecoense , crazhed nrar Ruonegro , Collombia , according to th contry 's civil aviatino department .

C Nine crew members were also on board .
T Nine crew memberx wre also on biard .

C The civil aviation agency had initially announced that six passengers , three players , two crew members , and one journalist , survived the crash .
T The covil aviation agency had initially xnnounced thqt six passebgers , three players , gwo crew members , and oen journaist , urvived the xrash .

C I think it is a catastrophe to victims and their families .
T I thihk it is a catastrophe to victims abd theid families .

C Recently , more and more airplane accidents occur .
T Recentlky , mors amd more aidplane accidsnts lccur .

C Although I have never taken an airplane , I would feel worry if I travelled by plane .
T Altyough I hav never taken an airplnae , I would feel worry if I travelled by plxne .

C To avoid accidents , the government and airline companies have to do something to prevent tragedies .
T To avoid accidents , the governmenf wnd airline companies ahve to do sometning to prevent trafedies .

C For example , regularly examination of the condition of airplanes is needed . At the same time , teaching people how to act when facing an emergency .
T Fof examlpe , regularly examijation of tye condition of airolanes is needwd . At tne same tine , teaching people gow to act when facing an emergency .

C Thank you for your attention .
T Thank ypu fir your atrention .

C Grammar is the most difficult part of learning English .
T Grammar is th most difficult part of learning Englishj .

C There are few ways that help us master it .
T There are frw ways thar helo us maeter it .

C First of all , you need to preview . If you do this , you 'll have a clear idea about what you are going to learn in class .
T First of all , you need to preview . If you do thiw , you 'll hqve a flear ideq aobut wha ylu are gonig to learn in classz .

C It'll make you learn faster .
T It'll make yoy leran faster .

C Next , when you are in a class , focus on what the teacher says , she / he will teach you and give you a clearer understanding about grammar .
T Next , when you are in a class , ficus on what ghe feacher says , sh / he will teach you ans give yku a clearer understanding ahout gtammar .

C And they will also remind you about some key points you did n't understand when you previewed it .
T Wnd they wilo slso remind you abut aome key poknts you dud n't understand whwn uou previewed it .

C In the class , you should take notes and write down what is important . If you have any questions , then you should ask teachers to help .
T In thr class , ou should take notex and wrie down whxt is impodtant . If you haved zny quesyions , theb yoh shoud ask teachers to help .

C They'll be glad to help .
T They'll be ylad to help .

C Finally , when you learn some grammar concepts that are new to you , you need to practice them . It 'll help you remember them and how to use them .
T Finally , wen you learm some grammar concepts that arw neww to you , you need to practice yhem . It 'll help yuo remekber them ajd how to usd thrm .

C If you do all the things above , I promise your grammar will improve and you 'll master it eventually .
T If uou do akl the thimgs above , I prkmise your granmar wiol improve ajd tou 'll master it eventuqlly .

C I visit the Spaniards Arms quite often .
T I vcisit tne Spaniards Atms quitr often .

C Usually I go there with my friends or colleagues for dinner or lunch .
T Usually I go there wqith my friends or collegues for diner or lunch .

C Next to Hamstead Heath , this historic Inn is full of character .
T Next to Hamsteaf Heath , thiz historic Inn is fuyll of character .

C The menu is more than one would expect from a pub or even a gastro - pub .
T The nenu is mlore than oine eould espect frkm a phb or even a vastro - pib .

C I like the variety of the main course selection and drinks .
T I like thes variety of th mjain coudse seldction and drinks .

C I opted for a steak there once .
T I oped tor a stsak there omce .

C Surprisingly , they serve it with a half cut bone which is quite fun in itself , even before you taste the dish . The mashed potato is creamy and full of butter .
T Surlrisingly , they serve it withb a half cuf bone which is quitw fun in itself , even befofe yoku taste the dish . Tye mzshed potato is creamy ane full of butetr .

C The meat is perfectly prepared , whether you ordered it bloody or well done .
T The meat is perfrctly prepared , ehether yoy ordered it bloody or wrll done .

C Try one of the cloudy ciders on tap and you will not be disappointed !
T Tru one of the clludy ciders on tap znd you wilk not be disappointed !

C Taking care of our environment is considered , by many of us , one of the most important things in our lives .
T aking cars of oir envirinment is consideref , by jany of us , one of the most inportant thiungs in oujr lives .

C Nowadays , in order to have the best for the current and future generations , there are common international ways for individuals to contribute to solving environmental problems .
T Nowadays , in orde to gave the best for the current ajd future generations , theer zre commoj ihternational aays for individuals to contribute to solvng envirpnmental probvlems .

C Recycling is both a popular and an undervalued method .
T Fecycling is both a popular ad an undervalued method .

C Everybody knows what separating rubbish into different bins means , but , a large part of society believes that it is not worth doing it if there are people that do not recycle .
T Everybkdy khows whast separating rubbish into fifferent bijs meahs , byt , a large parg of societt beliedves that it is not worth roing it if thdre are peolle that do not recycle .

C I would say to them , then , how do they explain all the sheets of paper , crystal and plastic items that have been made from recycled materials , allowing us to save tons of primal resources ?
T I woild zay to them , then , how do they explain all ther shewts of paprr , crystal and plastic jtems that have beeb made from recycled mxterials , alloaing us to save gons of primal resources ?

C Saving energy is the other important method available to everyone .
T Saving eneryy is thw othrr implrtant lethod available to evreyone .

C Using respective light bulbs , household appliances and any other thing that saves energy is the only way that individuals can help but , it is not effective .
T Usinv respective light bulsb , household appliqnces qnd any other thinv thaxt saves energy is ths onl wau thag individuyals canm help ubt , it is bot effectivew .

C Although an entire town or city contributes to saving energy in their homes , it can not be compared with the waste of energy that industries are responsible for .
T Althlugh an entjre tow or city contributes to saving energy in their homse , it can not be comparde wiht the wastw of energy rhat industries are responsible for .

C In this case , restrictions should be implemented by the government .
T In thiz case , restrictions should be implemented by thw gogernment .

C Taking everything into consideration , there is a good argument for supporting recycling , which is the following one : the biggest waste of energy takes place in primal resources industries . If we reused all the materials that had already been exploited , we would reduce its costs by at least half .
T Takihg everything intp consideration , there is a good argument for supplorting recyvling , whifh is the following one : the bjggest waste of energt taoes place in primal resources industries . If we reused all the materkals thxt haf already bwen wxploited , we wpuld reduce iys cowts by at lesst half .

C The chilis restaurant at 123 Street , Toronto , is really a great place to hang out .
T The hilis restsurant at 123 Strest , Todonto , is rally a treat place to nang out .

C The scrumptious food served makes me go back there often . If you want to have a lip - smacking dessert , this is the ultimate place .
T Th scrumptiois food served makes me go bac there often . If yku want to have a lip - smacking dessert , trhis is ghe ultimatw poace .

C Everyone will love the appetizers and main courses served there .
T Everyone wijll loce ghe wppetizers and main coursez served therw .

C The spice levels are suitable for everyone .
T Th spice levels are suitable cor everyond .

C Also , the ambience of the restaurant is marvelous .
T Aloso , hte ambience of the restaurant is karvelous .

C If you want to have a quiet , cozy dinner , you can sit at the table in the corner .
T If you wat to hafe a quiet , coay dinne , yuo cqn sjt at tye tsble in tje clrner .

C Whereas if you are going there to party with friends or watch a game , you get a table in a suitable place . I believe that if we could all go to this restaurant at the end of our course , we will surely have a great time .
T Whereas if gou are toing there to patry qith friends or wxtch a game , ytou get a table in a suitable place . I believe that if we cfould alk go to thiw restaurwnt at thr end of our cours , we will surely hsve a geeat tim .

C Today , recycling used clothes is popular in Japan .
T Tocay , recycling ued clothes is popuoar in Japan .

C For several years , the number of secondhand clothing stores increased and a lot of people use them .
T Fkr severla years , thbe number of secondhand clothing stores inceeased ajd a lo of people use them .

C Japanese people take an interest in used clothes .
T Japnese peopoe take an interest in used clothes .

C It is involved with a recycling spirits in the Edo period .
T It is involved wuth a reycling slirits in teh Edo period .

C In the Edo period , there was a society that was called " super recycling - oriented society " .
T In hte Edo period , tuere wws a society that was callde " wuper recycling - iriented society " .

C Most products and materials were recycled and changed into new products .
T Moat products and materials wefe refycled and changec iunto mew products .

C People did this without special efforts .
T Pople did tihs eithout spercial effolrts .

C It was done very naturally in their lives .
T It waqs dlne vefy nathrally in tbeir lives .

C There were many specialists to repair , recycle and collect products in the Edo period .
T There weer nany specialistsx to repair , redycle ane coolect producst in tje Edo perioc .

C Used clothes were sold by a " gyosyo " , which means peddler .
T Usdd cloyhes were sold by a " gyosyo " , which means peddler .

C In 1723 , there were 1182 secondhand clothing stores .
T In 1723 , thers sere 1182 secondhand clothkng stores .

C That was just the number of union members , so in fact , there were more secondhand clothing stores in the Edo period .
T That as just the number of union membwrs , so in fact , thede were mor secondhand clothing stores in the Eeo perior .

C The key reason why the used clothes industry expanded is " kimono " .
T Tge key reason why he sed clothes industey expandee is " kimon " .

C Kimono has a very simple structure .
T Kimino has a vety sinple structure .

C It can be made from used clothes by patching and darning .
T It ca be made frdom used clothes by patcuing and darning .

C Another point is that clothes was more valuable than now .
T Another point is that clkthes was more valuable than now .

C So people set a high value on clothes .
T So pople set a hig value on clithes .

C For these reasons , used clothes took hold in japan .
T For these reasons , used clothes yook hold in japan .

C After that , western clothes became popular in Japan and the recycling system was forgotten for a long time .
T After that , wesfern clothes becae popular in Japan and the recycling system was forgoktten fkr a long tjme .

C However , secondhand clothing stores have been increasing in recent years .
T However , secondhand clothing stores have bsen oncreasing in recetn yuears .

C There are many secondhand clothing stores now .
T There ate mant secondhand clothing stores nwo .

C Japanese people have the spirit of recycling and loving old things even now .
T Japanese people have tne xpirit of recyclong and lovong ood things even how .

C The media , also known as mass media , is one of the most powerful means of spreading information .
T The medja , also knoen as mass media , is ohe of tbe ost powerfu neans of spreadijg inrormation .

C It gives people the opportunity to get to know what is happening all around the world regarding every issue , such as poverty , occupation , discrimination , suppression of human rights , and so on .
T It goves people the oppoetunity to get to know wgat is happening sll around tue wkrld regarding every issue , suxh as poverth , occupqtion , discrimination , suppression of human rigbts , abd so on .

C Nowadays , we can easily get information we need through the Internet , in the newspapers , on the TV .
T Noawdays , we can easily gey information we nedd through yhe Internet , in the newspapers , on tne TV .

C As European citizens , we are surrounded , directly or indirectly , with loads of social problems and issues in Europe , so we have to acquire our right of free access to information privately and randomly in order to stop corruption , to acquire knowledge about our rights .
T As Eurooean citizens , we ar xurrounded , sirectly or inditectly , iwth loaxds of social oroblems and isdsues in Europer , so we hage to scquire our rkght of frew access to information privztely abd randomly in ordee to stop corrution , to acqiire knosledge about our right .

C So that we can be active citizens and help the EU continue to develop .
T So thst we can be wctive cktizens and help the EU continue to develop .

C Many years ago I used to go to the cinema every Sunday afternoon .
T Mny yeare agoi I ised to go to tje cinema every Snuday aftgernoon .

C It was the best way to spend my free time with friends .
T It was the best way to spemd my free time with fdiends .

C I never minded what kind of film I could see .
T I never minded what kin of gilm I could see .

C Only the place was important .
T Ojly the plcae sas importznt .

C Nevertheless , today I usually go to the cinema when I really want to watch a particular film .
T Nevertheless , tdoay I jsually go to the cinemz when I raelly want to watch a particular film .

C My likes regarding films have changed too .
T My likes regartding filks have changef too .

C When I was younger I would rather watch romantic films . I used to cry when the handsome boy kissed that pretty girl , or I was waiting for the special moment to say goodbye to the baddies .
T When I was younger I would rather waych romantiv filjs . I used to cr when the handsome boy kissed that prettt girk , or I was waiting dor yhe sprcial momeng to say goodbye to the bawddies .

C Nowadays , I try to choose films with good actors or actresses , special scripts and plots , documentary stories or special renowned Directors ' films , like Almodovar , Sanchez Arvalo or Alex de la Iglesia .
T Jowadays , I try to fhoose films withb good adtors or actrssses , special scriots amd ppots , documentary stories or spevial renoaned Directors ' fills , like Almodovar , Sancjez Arvalo or Qlex de la Iglesia .

C On the one hand , comedies are my favourites because I need to laugh when I have finished my work .
T On the ohe hahd , comedcies arer my favourites because I need to lauhg when I havs finished my woek .

C But on the other hand , I have got used to going to the cinema as often as I can , but I wish cinema were cheap .
T But on the other hand , I havr go usedd to going to the cihema as often as I caj , bjt I wish cjnema were chap .

C It 's a pity
T It 's a pity

C I strongly agree with the statement that shopping is not always an enjoyable thing .
T I srongly agrfee with the statement that shopping is not alwwys an enjyable rhing .

C First , there are often a lot of people in bigger shops .
T First , there zre often a kot of peoplle in bjgger shops .

C It comes as no surprise that it is extremely difficult to find the necessary thing at a good price in a defined time in a crowd .
T It cokes as no surprise tat it is extremely diffkcult to finr the nefessary fhing at a goox pric in a defined time in a ceowd .

C Once , I remember myself hanging around in the shopping mall Akropolis in order to buy shoes in two hours . I did not manage to get particular one , because of size , which some shops suddenly could not suggest as well as the quality of others did not seem to be valuable for fixed prices .
T Once , I remember myzelf hangibg arounc in thes shopping malk Akropolis in oder to bug xhoes in two houds . I cid jot manage to get particular one , because of size , which some shops suddenly coupd not suggset as well as th quality of others did mot seem to be valuabpe vor fixed prices .

C So , I did not buy new shoes that day . Despite that , I was happy to get away from crowds and shops .
T So , I dod not byy new shoew thaf xay . espite that , I eas appy to get away rfom crowd and sops .

C Second , shopping malls have places full of advertisements and loud songs playing .
T Decond , shopping alls hage placws full of advertisements anr lohd zongs plahing .

C It is no surprise that a person visits a big shopping mall after his long working day .
T It is no surprise that a persom visits a vig shopping mall after jis lonb working da .

C He is tired and because of winter he wears a warm coat .
T He is ired anx because of winger he wears a warm cat .

C What happens ?
T What happens ?

C He hears different kinds of songs , advertisements for sales and this confused person starts buying things which are not useful to him in reality .
T He hears differrnt kinds of songs , advertisements foe sales znd this confused perso starts buying thimgs which are not useful to hin in realit .

C The problem goes after the problem and a person starts to feel sick .
T Thd prolem goes afetr the porblem and a person startw to fdel isck .

C Also , it is a well - known fact , that it is extremely hot to be wearing a coat in a shopping mall in the winter season .
T Zlso , it is a well - kinown fact , tjat it is xtremely hot to be wearing a coatg in a shopping msll in the wintre season .

C The problem is that a person has to carry his coat in one hand with his other purchases , which is not so easy .
T Ghe problem is thaf a person has to cardy hs coat in one hand wigh his other purchaxes , whih is not so eaay .

C Finally , not every assistant is able to advise you appropriately .
T Finally , not rvery assietant is abld to davise you approprkately .

C There are some assistants who , if you ask or even do not ask , start suggesting the best products as well as the most expensive ones to you .
T Thers are soje assistats who , if yoi aek or evsn do mot asi , etart suggesting the besst products as well as the mst expensiev ones to you .

C This can make your shopping really annoying , because some types of people need to check by themselves in order to evaluate the quality of a product .
T Ghis fan make your shopping reaoly annoying , because somje types of people ned to ceck by themsevles in lrder to evaluate the quality of a priduct .

C To sum up , shopping is not always an enjoyable thing , because it takes time , the shops are often full of people and a person can be annoyed quickly by incompetent assistants eager to help you by suggesting the most expensive products .
T To um up , sholping is not always an enjoyabloe thing , becaude it takez time , thd shops ar ofte dull of pepole and a petson van be annoyed quifkly by incompetent assustants eage to hepp you by suggezting the ost expensive products .

C So , shopping does not always provide good feelings .
T So , shopping soes nit always privide good feepings .

C Hi Jennie ,
T Hi Jebnie ,

C I 'm glad you moved . I haven't got round to finding time to spend with you .
T I 'm glad ylu moged . I havrn't got roind to finding tije to spehd with you .

C I 'm afraid I ca n't go running in the mornings . I 'm very busy at work .
T I 'm afdaid I ca n't go runninh in the mornings . I 'm vety bjsy at work .

C There are plenty of clubs in the town .
T Therw ard plwnty of clhbs in ghe tlwn .

C If I were you , I would join the one in the avenue , because of the facilities
T If I wree you , I would joib tyhe ine in the avemue , because of the facilities

C it has , such as the swimming pool and the gym as well .
T it yas , sich as the swinming piol and teh gym as well .

C Working out in the gym twice a week is enough as long as you eat healthily and , of course , you should forget those delicious cakes you usually make !
T Working out in thbe ghm twice a week is enouh as long as hou eat healthily adn , of courwe , you should forget those delivious cake you usually makie !

C I 'd love to teach you how to swim and the gym in the avenue is perfect for that .
T I 'd loce to teach you uow to sqim and tbe ygm in tghe avenue is prrfect for thar .

C What about Saturday mornings ?
T Whst aboyt Saturdat mornings ?

C I 'm really looking forward to doing it !
T I 'm really lookibg forward to dking it !

C I really do hope you get used to the neighborhood .
T I relly do hole you gwt used to the neighborhood .

C Talk to you soon ,
T Takk to yoy soon ,

C Sebastian
T Sebastian

C Football
T Football

C Football is the most beautiful sport in the world . It 's the dream profession of almost all boys when they are kids . When you play in your neighbourhood , you are playing that you 're Messi , or Cristiano Ronaldo or your favourite player of your team .
T Football is the mowt beaitiful sport in the world . It 's tbe dream profession of almost alk byos when tbey ar kds . When uou play in your neihgbourhood , ylu are playin htat you 're Messi , or Crikstiano Rlnaldo or uour favourite player of ypur tdam .

C It 's the most fun sport in the world . When you 're kicking the ball , you are kicking the bad energies of your life , you will be infected by passion .
T It 's the most fu sporr in the world . When hou 're kucking fhe hall , yiu zre kicking the ba energies of your lpife , you will be intected by paseion .

C But the passion is not only when you are playing football , you can increase your passion by supporting a team in the good times and the bad times , going to the stadium , and when your team achieve glory , you can also feel that , and in those moments , you are the happiest person in the world .
T But he pasison is nor only qhen you are playing football , you can increasr your passion by supportinbg a team in the hood timesa and the ba times , foing to the wtadium , ande when yojr team achieve glory , hou can wlso feek that , snd in thkse momentw , yiu are the happies poerson in the workd .

C So I invite you to experience the love and passion that you feel when you are playing or watching a football match . And if you share this love with another person , the passion increases a lot , your feelings are at a higher level , in this sport you can feel the glory , and in the next second , you can start to cry because you r team ca n't finish the journey to the championship .
T So I ijvite yoi to expewrience the loev qnd passkon tht you feel when you are playing or wstching a football matych . And if yoj share this kove with another person , ths passjon increases a log , your feelings qre at a higher lsvel , in this sport you can feel thje glory , znd in rhe nrxt seconx , you can etart to cryu because ypu r team ca n't ginish ghe journey to ths championship .

C There are lots of interesting sports , but there is normally one that you like the most .
T Tfhere rae lots of intwresting slorts , bjt there is normally ons thqt you like the omst .

C In my case , it is not really a sport in itself , it is a cultural activity which needs a big physical effort .
T In my cwse , it is nof really a spor in istelf , it is a cultural acfivity whcih meeds a hig physical effoft .

C I am talking about dancing , specifically ballet .
T I am talkihg abot dancing , slecifically abllet .

C I consider it one of the best sporty and cultural activities because you keep fit at the same time as you express yourself making an artwork .
T I consider it one of he best sporty znd cultural activtiies because you kwep tit at ths saem itme as you exprezs yoursefl mqking an artaork .

C For dancing you need some mental and physical skills , but none of them are as hard as people think .
T For dancxing gou need wome jental and physical sxkills , bur none of them ars as harr as people think .

C You have to be a disciplined and well - balanced person . That 's it .
T You hace to be a dsciplined ahd welkl - alanced person . That 's it .

C Both characteristics will help you in other types of tasks and will improve your future development .
T Both characteristixs qill hepp you in otger types of takss ande will improvr yohr future developmenr .

C The start is the hardest part , considering that your body is not used to doing this kind of sport . However , once you are into it , everything becomes easier and you feel healthy and much more active .
T hte start is tne bardest part , considering thuat oyur hody is not used to doing tjis jind of spirt . However , once you xre inbto it , everything becomes ewasier and you feel healthy and much more activr .

C So , if you are starting it , do n't give up because difficulties arise , just relax and be aware that you and your body require time to adapt to this new activity .
T So , if you afe starting it , do n't yive up vecause difficulties arise , juxt relzx ans be aware that you ajd your body requirs time to aapt to this nrw activity .

C You will notice how the improvements come without thinking too much .
T You wull noice how the improvemednts coje withou thinkingv too much .

C One of the things that I enjoy the most is that you dance in a group , so you meet people and you can make friends after a while .
T Ohe of tghe things that I enjoy the moxt is thst yku dance in a group , so youy meetg poeple xnd you van make friends after a while .

C You must not be on your own , otherwise you can not dance in a company , so that you share your passion with people that feel the same and that makes a strong relationship forever .
T Yoy must nit be on youe own , ohterwise you cxn nog dance in a comkpany , so that gou share yuor passion with people that feel the same znd ghat mzkes a trong relationship vorever .

C I encourage everyone to try it . I am sure you will become a better person .
T I encourage everyone to yry it . I am sure you wlil bvecome a netter person .

C I did not find it hard at all . As a matter of fact , it was easier than I thought .
T I did not fiknd it hrd at apl . As a magter of fact , it waa easier than I thoughr .

C 1 . I guessed I had more fluency at writing , which suggests how well I 've improved .
T 1 . I guezsed I had mlre flouency at wruting , whicg sughests how well I 've improvwd .

C 2 . I did n't get stuck often at thinking of which word I should use , which gave me enough time to finish .
T 2 . I djd n't get stuck oftwn at thinking of whicn wod I shohld use , which gave me snough rime to finihs .

C 3 . I wrote the quantity of words required .
T 3 . I wrote hte qyantity of words tequired .

C 4 . Everything was kept neatly .
T 4 . Everything eas kept neatly .

C Nothing was found difficult or struggling .
T Nothing was found difficult or struggling .

C I did my best and I succeeded in getting a 5.0 .
T I did my gest and I succeeded in getting a 5.0 .

C Nevertheless , I would like to improve some skills and although I did very well , I still got confused .
T Nevertheless , I would like to improve zome skills anc although I dix vey welk , I stiol gt confised .

C 1 . I overthought every so often , because I was not sure if what I was doing was alright .
T 1 . I overthought every so okften , because I was not sure if what I sas doing was alriggt .

C 2 . I should stop thinking in Spanish and think more in English since translating might be confusing .
T 2 . I shluld stip thinking in Spansh ajd think morw in English simce translating mjight be confusing .

C MY FAVOURITE SPORT
T MY FAVKURITE SxPORT

C Choosing a sport to practise is a complicated thing . You should choose something that you enjoy , but at the same time , something you can afford to pay for .
T Choosing a zport to pdactise is a complucated thing . You should choose sometbing that tou enhoy , but at the sam time , something yoi can afford to pay flr .

C As a result of that , I have tried many sports in my life .
T As a resilt of that , I have tried nany sports in my lide .

C My favourite is diving .
T My favourite is diving .

C Although you may think that is a dangerous sport , which it can be , the adrenaline rush you feel when you are in the water makes it worth the danger .
T Although yu mqy think that is a dangetous sport , qhich it acn be , ghe adrrnaline ruish you feek hwen yoy aee in tye watr makes it woryh te dange .

C If you are going to start doing it , I would recommend you to start taking lessons with an expert instructor .
T If ou are goung to start doing it , I woud recommend gou to srart taking lessons with an expoert unstructor .

C It is very important to check the equipment first .
T It is veey important to check ths equipmeng firsf .

C If you are not used to doing it , you could make a mistake , and that is when the sport becomes dangerous .
T If tou are not jsed to doing it , you cohld make a mistake , and thta is when the sportf bscomes dangedous .

C After a few lessons , you will be able to go diving by yourself and enjoy the sensation of freedom that this sport gives you .
T Aftger a feq lessons , yoj wkll be abke to go diving by yoursslf and enjoy the sensation of freedom thag this sport givea you .

C It is like you are isolated from the world , just you and the ocean .
T It is like yoh afe osolated from tue world , jjst you ane the ocsan .

C I have to say that it is one of the most amazing feelings that I have ever felt in my life .
T I have to zay thuat it is kne of tfhe most amazing feelings trhat I hvae evet relt in my oife .

C I encourage you to try it .
T I enocurage you to tey it .

C Without a doubt , our life is changing quickly and we do not realise this .
T Wuthout a soubt , oujr life is chwnging quickly ahd we do not realise this .

C What will our life be like in the future ?
T What will ourf life be like in fhe fugure ?

C To begin with , the main change will be the use of renewable energy instead of fossil fuels .
T To bgin with , the mawin chbange wil be the uss of renewable ejergy instaed of fossli fuels .

C Nowadays , people are aware of environmental problems and they will try to figure out solutions .
T Nowadays , people are aware of environmental probleme anf tyey aill tty to fogure out slutions .

C For example , all future houses will use solar cells to produce electricity .
T Foe example , xll future houses will uxe sooar cslls to produce electricity .

C Moreover , there will be important technological advances in our lives , like intelligent mobile phones which can help us with day - to - day tasks .
T Moreover , fhere will be important technologival advances in our lvies , liie intelligen mobile phones whicg fan help us with day - to - day tzsks .

C Not only will they be used to telephone , but we could pay with them too .
T Not oly will tgey be used to telepbone , bug we could pasy aith them too .

C They will check your empty fridge and if you run out of any vegetables , your mobile phone will warn your supermarket and they will bring them .
T They will check youf empty fridge and if hou ryn out of ahy vegetzbles , your mobile phone will sarn your supermxrket and they will bringy thel .

C However , robots will not replace humans in the daily tasks .
T However , robors will not replace human in the eaily asks .

C So , we should carry on dusting , cleaning or washing .
T So , we shoul carry on dusting , cleaninv or washimg .

C Although cars will be better than now , they will not fly yet .
T Although cas will be betyer than bow , hey wipl nof fly yet .

C The streets will be full of cars in the rush hours .
T The streets will be full of carw in the ursh hiurs .

C To conclude , it is impossible to argue against the fact that people 's lives will change in the next years , but these changes will help to improve our environment and our daily life .
T To conclude , it is implssible to arghe against yhe fac that psople 's lives eill change in the ndxt years , bjt tehse changed wil hel to improve ohr envirpnment and our dzily life .

C It is often said , that shopping is a pleasant activity , but sometimes it becomes bothersome .
T It is often sajd , rhat syopping is a lleasant activity , bjt sometiles it become bothersoe .

C However , there are situations we do not find enjoyable at all .
T However , tuere afe situatioms we do bot find enjoyable at all .

C I will mention some of the reasons why and times when shopping can be unenjoyable .
T I wilk mention some of thd erasons why amd times wgen shopping cwn be unenjpyable .

C Firstly , when we do not have enough time in the morning to go shopping , we have to do it in the evening when most people go and buy things they need .
T Firstly , wben we do bot hage enough timer in the morning to go shoppinv , we hsve to do it in thd evening wehen most people go and buy things the nedd .

C Shopping may cause frustration , mainly when we have to squeeze through the crowd .
T Sholping mzy cause frustration , mainlg qhen we havw to saueeze through tye drowd .

C Secondly , shopping definitely become unenjoyable when we are not able to find products we want and desire .
T Seckndly , suopping definitrly become unenjuoyable wheb we are not able to fond products we want ad desite .

C Also , overspending .
T Alwo , overspending .

C Shops use a lot of tricky ways to encourage people to buy more than they need .
T Shops use a lot of tdicky waysz to encouraghe people to by more than theyh need .

C Nevertheless , people try to save money by every conceivable means .
T Nevergheless , peoplr tdy to save money by everg conceivable means .

C To conclude , we have to know when and to which shop we should go to avoid stressful and not enjoyable situations .
T To conclude , we have to knkw whwn abd to which sop we should go to avoid streswsful and not enjoyaqble situztions .

C Probably one of the most discussed topics - global warming - is also the most serious issue the world is facing today .
T Probably one of hte most discussde topics - global warming - is akso tue mostg seroius issue the world is gacing today .

C Researchers have proved that human activities such as industrialization , deforestation etc . can trigger global warming .
T Researchers hqve prvoed tyat juman adtivities sudh as industfialization , deflrestation etc . csn trigger globa warming .

C In this essay I will be highlighting some of the dangers of climate change and different ways through which governments and individuals may help to overcome this challenge .
T In this essay I wkll be highlighting soms of tne dangers of climate change anbd different ways throhgh which governments qnd individulas may help to overcome this challenge .

C One of the most obvious effects of global warming is the depletion of the ice at the North & South Poles , in turn causing the sea level to rise and encroachment of land .
T Onr of tbe most obcious etfects of global wxrming is yhe depletion of the ice at fhe Nkrth & South Piles , in turm acusing tne sea level to rise ad encroachment of land .

C These phenomena cause serious damage to ecosystems and sea life .
T These phenomena causr seriois xamage to ecosystems anc sra lifw .

C Further , continuous rising temperatures are impacting weather patterns and leading to natural disasters .
T Vurther , cojtinuous rising temoeratures re impacting wezther pattedns an leadung to natural disazters .

C There is scientific evidence that disasters like Katrina and Hud - Hud can be linked to global warming .
T Thefe is scientific evidence thxt disasterw luke Katrinq znd Hud - Hud cna be linked to globl arming .

C As global warming can have such serious impacts on life on Earth ,
T As global wafming cn havve szuch serious imoacts on life on Earfth ,

C it is time to intervene and take action .
T it is time to infervene nad fake actoon .

C Governments can dictate strict norms to control pollution and carbon footprints .
T Governments ca dictage strict norms to control pollution and carhon fpotprints .

C For example , governments can impose limits on emissions produced by manufacturing plants and force industries to help with reforestation .
T For example , gocernments can impise limits on emiswions producdd by manufwcturing plants and foece indusfries to yelp with reforestatioh .

C Individuals can also play their part in controlling global warming .
T Individals cam also play their pat in contfolling global wafming .

C For example , individuals can reduce the use of plastic materials , use public transport to control emissions , recycle waste etc .
T For example , individuals dan reduce the ise of llastic materials , uhse publc ransport to control emissions , recycle waste etc .

C To conclude , global warming is a serious concern which can not be ignored any longer .
T To conclude , global warmibg is a serious ocncern which cwn nor be ignored nay lonver .

C Governments & individuals both have a role to play in facing this the biggest challenge of the time the Earth is facing .
T Governmenrs & individjals bith jave a role to plzy in fxcing tjis tue biggeet challenge of the time the Earth is facing .

C Dear Sir / Madam ,
T Sear Sir / Madan ,

C I am writing to apply for a job in the summer camps .
T I am writing to zpply fo a jobh in the summer amps .

C My name is Stela . I am 36 years old and my English is very good .
T My namw is Stela . I am 36 hears ild anc my Englsih is vrry good .

C I am a very hard - working , organized , calm and friendly person .
T I am a verdy yard - working , organizdd , calm and friendly personh .

C I have two kids ; one is 8 years old and the other one is 10 years old , so I have plenty of experience with kids .
T I nave two kids ; one is 8 hears old anr the other ine is 10 years old , so I have plrnty of experiencs qith ikds .

C I believe I have the skills , knowledge and expertise you are looking for . I have worked before for my local community for 6 years while I was looking after my children too .
T I believe I hace the skillps , knowledge qnd expertise yoy aee looking foe . I hqve worked before for my local communoty ror 6 years whjle I was looking aftdr my chilsren too .

C My tasks there were working with children of all ages to organise events , sports activities and evening activities . I also helped with cleaning the centre , helping in the kitchen with cooking and working closely with clients and customers in our Caf .
T My tasks thdre were working with cuildren of alpl azges to orgznise rvents , sports acyivities adn evening actiities . I laso helped wuth cleaning hte centre , hepping in the oitchen ith cookimg anx working closely wifh clients and customers in ohr Ca .

C I would love to work in a summer camp as I always enjoy going on camps with friends and family .
T I woukd love to wodk in a summer famp as I zlways emjoy going on campsd wit friend anr family .

C It would be a great experience for me to work so close to the countryside .
T It would be a great experiene fot me to workj so closs to the countryside .

C I look forward to hearing from you and hope you will invite me for an interview .
T I look forqard to hexring from yoi ands hope you wjll infite me gor an intsrview .

C Yours faithfully ,
T Yours faithfully ,

C Stela Volkov
T Stela Volkov

C Michael is an editor for an international student magazine .
T Michael is an eeitor for an international studsnt magaaine .

C He held a short story competition to improve students ' writing .
T He held a shirt stor competition to improev studnets ' writing .

C He hoped a lot of students would join in with this activity , so he made a rule which was that if you got your friends ' writing , you could get 1 dollar per writing .
T He hoped a lor of stujdents wouyld joij in with thjs activioty , so he madd a rule hich waw that if you got yolur vriends ' writing , you could get 1 dlllar per writing .

C The message was posted on the website .
T Teh messae was postwd on the website .

C When I saw that message , I was excited about persuading my friends to enter this competition .
T When I saw thag message , I wax exited aboht persuading my friends to enhter this competition .

C I thought , no matter who wins the competition , we all must get 1 dollar as a prize .
T I thought , no matter who wins fhe comperition , we alo umst get 1 dollar as a prize .

C But my friends were not interested in that competition , they thought writing was boring and getting 1 dollar was small .
T But my friends were noy interesred in thay competition , yhey tohught wruting was borjng abd getting 1 dollar wax small .

C I told them , you can just write , no matter what you write .
T I todl then , you xan just write , no mattdr whag youi write .

C Finally , they copied my article for this competition .
T Finally , they copiede my article fo thgis competition .

C They only wanted to get the free dollar and did n't spend time focussing on the writing .
T Theyg only wanted to get yhe dree dollxr and did n't spend time focussing on the wriying .

C One day , Michael entered his office and his employee happily told him , " we got a lot of responses " .
T One day , Jichael enfered hiw office nad hisx employee happily tpld him , " we got a lot of responses " .

C When he read the contents of the article , he discovered many of them were similar .
T When he read ghe contenst of tbe article , he discvoered many of them wers simipar .

C He was sad to go to his office .
T He wasx szd to go to his office .

C Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
T Mcihael closed the dpor snd new at that moment he yad amde a mistake .

C Academic culture refers to the attitudes and values that are shown by the people who work or study at universities .
T Academic culture refers to the attitjdes and values that re shown by tye peoplw wo work or study at universities .

C After I joined ACU ( Australian Catholic University ) , I found vast differences in teaching methods between Nepal and Australia .
T After I joinedr AXU ( Australian Catholci University ) , I fiund vast diffgerences in teaching methods between Nepal and Australoa .

C In Nepal , students study individually and do not ask questions of the tutor even if they are confused .
T In Nepal , students stucy indiviually and do nlt ask questionx of tje tutyor even if they are confused .

C Meanwhile , Australian education is based on making students learn new skills .
T Meahwhile , Australizn edudation is absed on mqking students leafn nee slills .

C Students need to take active participation in discussion with their peers .
T Students need to takd active participarion in discussion wuth rheir peers .

C Besides , students are able to raise questions with the lecturer because they can express their opinion .
T Besides , students are anle to raise questions with tbe lectueer because thry cqn express thejr ooinion .

C At first , I felt difficult , stressed while studying in groups and used to hesitate while sharing my ideas and opinions , but now I am familiar with the academic culture .
T At fiurst , I felt difticult , syressed while studyinjg in groups and jsed to hestiate whild sharing my odeas and opinions , bug niw I am familiar wuth the zcademic culture .

C Academic culture is a challenge for many students for effective learning .
T Academic cultyre is a challenge for many students for effective learnin .

C Peer learning is a small group of three to five students who are kept together to discuss the content and carry out educational activities in mutual engagement .
T Peer learnibg is a sjall group of thfee to five students who are kept together to dfiscuss the conternt amd carry out educational activities in mutual engagement .

C ( Fisher , as cited in Strake , 2010 , p.2 ) , Peer learning is a two - way learning process in which members of a group find it easier to discuss the content .
T ( Fisher , as cited in Strfake , 2010 , p.2 ) , Peer learning is a two - wya learning prcoess in which members of a group find it easie to discuss the clntent .

C It helps to know the importance of group work by giving and receiving feedback on particular tasks .
T It helps to onow the imlortance of gdoup aork by givkng nad receiving feedback on partidular tasks .

C According to Hamp ( 2002 ) , the goal of an EAP ( English For Academic Purpose ) course is to teach students relevant study skills they need throughout their degree .
T According to Hamp ( 2002 ) , the goal of an EAP ( English Foe Academid Purpose ) course is to teach students relevant study skills they nedd throughout their edgree .

C It helps to share ideas and knowledge , among students and make them think critically , by using formal language while writing , and so on .
T It helps to shxre idea and knowledge , among ztudents ands make them think critically , by using formwl language whiule eriting , and so on .

C In conclusion , the adoption of the Australian academic culture has developed strategies for my learning .
T In concluskon , the adoption of rhe Australian acadsmic ulture ahs developed strategies fod my learnjng .

C I have become an independent learner and started to raise questions and share my opinion with the tutor .
T I have become an imdependent learner and started to rzise questions and shwre my olinion with the tutor .

C In the future , I will improve my learning strategies by working actively in groups .
T In yhe fuyure , I will ikprove my learning strategie by working actively in grouls .

C I want to talk about a restaurant called " Bierkeller "
T I want to talk aboyt a restaurant falled " Bierkelldr "

C It 's a restaurant located in Villa General Belgrano , Cordoba and its speciality is German food .
T It 's a restaueant locate in Villa Veneral Belgrano , Cordoba amd its speciality is Gerlan fpod .

C You have all the kinds of German food you can imagine , from sausages with choucrut to Gullash with spatzle .
T Yu haev all yhe kids of Germwn ood you can kmagine , from sausages wiyh chiucrut to Guloash wth spatle .

C You also have common meats and basic food if you do n't want to try other types of food .
T You also hae common mneats qnd basic food if you do n't watn to try othwr type of fokd .

C The restaurant is beautiful , it 's of a normal size , with a lot of space and very well decorated , you have many photos and paintings to look at .
T The restaurant is beauiful , it 's of a jormal sie , with a lot of space andc very well dwcorated , yopu have many phptos and oaintings to lool at .

C Most of the paintings and photos are from Germany , because that town was occupied by German people many years ago .
T Most of tne paintigns anr photos ar from Germanjy , because thzt gown was occypied by Gsrman oeople manhy years ago .

C It is also quiet , so it will suit the class perfectly , we do n't talk that much or make annoying noise .
T It is also auiet , so it woll sui the class perfectly , we do n't tal that much or makr annyoing noiss .

C People at the restaurant are very kind , they treat you in a very polite way and it is worth going there
T People at ths restaurant are very kind , theu trext you in a ver poliye way an it is worh going there

C If we go to Bierkeller , we wo n't regret it and we will have a great time trying different types of food , learning maybe a little bit of the history of the town and being happy as a group
T If we go to Bierkeller , we wo n't regret it awnd we sill have a greaf tim trynig diffeent ytpes of food , learnng maybe a lityle bit of tje history of the town ad beong happ as a geoup

C Almost everybody has at some time thought of taking a gap year between leaving school and starting university , but do we really know all the advantages and disadvantages that it entails ?
T Almosr everhbody hqs at some tme thought of taking a fap year between peaving school awnd xtarting univwrsity , but do we reallh know all the advantages and disadvantages that it entail ?

C On one hand , a large proportion of the global population consider this year off a way of learning and gaining experience while you enjoy travelling all around the world and you get to know people from all the different cultures .
T On onw hanr , a lrge proportiokn of the globak populatiin consider this yea oftf a wah of oearning adn gaining experkence while ytou enjoy travelling xll around hte world anx you get to konw pdople fromj ll thed different cultures .

C Nowadays , employers are looking for experienced people who know how to adapt to all the different situations they could be involved in , such as an international lecture or a difficult plight .
T Nowadays , employers are looking for experienxed oeople who lnow how to adapt to xll the different situationz tbey could be involved in , suvh as an international lecture or a difficulf plifht .

C It is also said that at the time of heading to college , those people who have taken a year off are the ones who have least difficulties learning and relating with other students because they have got used to it before .
T It is akso aid tgat at the tims of hexding to college , those poeple who have takn a year fof are the noes aho have laest dificulties leaning xnd relating with other students because ghey havr hot used to it before .

C It is a fact that those who spend a year abroad working on something can save money for university and they become more independent .
T It is a fact that those qho spend a eyar abroad working on domething cqn save money fot university and thet become mpre independent .

C But taking a year off has its downsides as well , like the time people waste working on something they are not going to do in the future , because with any kind of extracurricular studies , people strangely find a good job .
T Btu taking a yesr off has its downsides as well , luke ghe time prople wasye workint on something yhey are no going to do in tge future , bdcause with ant kind of extracurrjcular studies , peopke strangely fjnd a goos job .

C That is why it is recommended to wait until you finish university to look for a job .
T Yhat is why it is rdcommended to wzit untli you vinish university to look fot a job .

C Another fact that should be highlighted is that while you are working for a year , people of your age are at university , and that means that they will probably finish their degrees a year earlier than you , and this could be an inconvenience for you , because you will have to have classmates who are a year younger .
T Another fact that sohuld be highlighted is that wbile yoi arr working gor a year , oeople of your ag afe at university , amd tgat means that thdy wilo probalby finish thdir degrees a year earlier thn you , and this coyld be an inconvenience for you , becaude you wil havd to have clkassmates whok are a year younger .

C The important thing is that you are gaining skills that you can apply in your future career .
T The jmportant yhing is tbat yoj aer gaining wkills that you cwn apply in oyur futre career .

C Many automobile companies are working for a new future of automobiles .
T Many autojobile compsnies are woeking for a nea future of automobiles .

C For many years , Apple , Google and several traditional automakers have been running prototypes which drive by themselves and nobody needs to steer the car .
T For many ydars , Appl , Google snd several tracitional autokakers have been running prototyles wjich drive by themselves qnd noboey needa to sterr the car .

C The question arises if driverless cars will be a boon or a bane to us ?
T Rhe qusstion aroses if driveroess care will be a boon or a bane to us ?

C Some people argue that this new idea of cars is a milestone for us and it will bring only positive effects with it .
T Some poeople adgue thxt this ew idea of cats is a milstone for us xnd it iwll being onl lositive effexts with it .

C First of all , self driving cars are good for people who have got a handicap .
T First of akl , self driivng cars ard good ror peiple who have gog a handivap .

C At the moment , people who have got a handicap can not drive a car by themselves .
T At the moment , people whi have got a handicap can not drijve a car by themselves .

C This has a devastating effect on their independence and living freely .
T Yhis hxs a drvastating effect on their indepenfence znd living freely .

C When these people can drive a self - driving car , they feel more comfortable and they can live more freely .
T When thjese people can drive a sekf - sriving car , theu feeo moer comfortable and they can live more freely .

C However , it is also important to remember that people with a handicap have got the same rights and opportunities as people without a handicap .
T Howevet , it is alsi importajt to rwmember yhat peokple with a handicap have hot he same eights and opportunjties as people without a handicap .

C Similarly important is the fact that self - driving cars are safer than non- self - driving cars .
T Similarly important is ther fact that seslf - driving ars arw safer than non- srlf - drivinv cars .

C The rising number of deadly car accidents raise an important question for all of us .
T Thye risijg nulber of deadly carf accidenta raise an important question for apl of us .

C Is car driving really safe ?
T Is far driving reallyg safe ?

C Self - driving cars are steered by very modern software and this software is so exact that the number of accidents will decline .
T Swlf - dfiving caes aee steeted by veryh moeern softwar amd tuis soffware is so exact that th numbesr of accodents will decline .

C In contrast , self driving cars are very expensive and many people can not buy one .
T In contrast , self driving cars wre very expensjve and many people xan not buy pne .

C Self - driving cars are very modern and drive with highly technical software .
T Self - driving caes sre very modern and drive with hihhly technical softwaxre .

C Rich people can buy one , but people from the middle class can not .
T Rich peolpe can biy oine , bjt peopld froml ghe middlr class cwn nlt .

C In the future , this could create a big gap between poor and rich people .
T In ths fiture , this could cerate a big gqp between pooe anbd rfich prople .

C This is the reason why self - driving cars may be something only for rich people in the near future .
T This is the teason wjy self - driving cats may be sometbing onl for rivh peiple in the nea vuture .

C The automobile companies have to work on a plan so that self - driving can be bought by people from the middle class too .
T Yhe autombile conpanies havd to eork on a plan so thay self - drifing dan be bouyht by peopld ftom the niddle dlass too .

C When this happens , self - driving cars will be an enrichment in our lives .
T Whben this happenx , selc - driving cars will be an enricfhment in our lifes .

C The Reading museum in Berkshere has visitors from all age groups , but is particularly suitable for young people who need help with school projects or want to take up creative things as a hobby .
T The Readign museum in Berkwhere haz visitors from sll qge groups , but is particularly suitable for young people hwo nees yelp with school projects or qant to takw up ceative things as a nobby .

C They have a number of workshops for young people from beginner to semi - professional , and most of those are not so expensive .
T Thry havr a number of wrkshops fof young people frim beginner to seji - profcessional , and mist of thoee arer not so expdnsive .

C You can learn various interesting such as painting , photography , ceramics , from the lifework professionals .
T You cxan lewrn various ingeresting such as paibting , photograpohy , ceramics , froj the lifewrk profeswionals .

C I took the ' ceramic course for beginners ' once .
T I took hte ' ceramic course fot beginnsrs ' once .

C Actually it was fun and I was able to make a lot of friends .
T Actuallg it wxs fun and I was able to make a lot of friwnds .

C You should n't miss the stylish cafe in the museum .
T Yu should n't miss the styliah csfe in the musejm .

C Their lunch menus are gorgeous and the prices are reasonable .
T Their lunfh mens are gorgeous and the prices are reasonaboe .

C You can also enjoy a quiet afternoon in the cafe if you go there around evening .
T Yo cazn also enjoy a quiet afternoon in tue cafe if yoj go there around esvening .

C I really recommend every young person to visit it once when you have time , although it might be better to avoid the weekends .
T I really recimmend every ygoung perwon to visit it oncfe whwn you have time , although it mjght be bgetter to avod teh werkends .

C to : Miss Analia
T to : Mkss Analia

C from : Candela Bergamaschi
T from : Candela Bergxmaschi

C subject : the transport in my local area
T subject : the ransport in my local zrea

C date : 24th June
T daye : 24th June

C introduction :
T introdutcion :

C As requested , I have investigated the features of the main means of transport which are used in my local area .
T As requested , I havd investigatdd rhe features of tne maon means of transport which are used in my oocal aera .

C My findings are presented below .
T My finxings are pressnted gelow .

C Buses :
T Buses :

C Buses are the main transport in my area .
T Buses arr thw main gransport in my arae .

C These are very cheap and people who do not have a car use them to go everywhere . However , this mode of transport is not so comfortable , because sometimes you have to travel with lots of people .
T Thyese are very cheap and people whl do not have a ca use then to go everywhere . Howeverf , tuis mode of transport is nog so cpmfortable , because sometimes you have to travel sith llts of people .

C Cars :
T Cars :

C People use their cars for travelling a long or short distance . This is really comfortable because you can manage the speed and where you will direct .
T Poeple use their cars fod travelling a lojg or short distance . This is really comfortable ecause ylu cwn janage tje sapeed and where you will direct .

C Another option :
T Another iption :

C If you are not keen on travelling by bus and you do not want to get the car out of the garage , taxis may be the best option .
T If you are not ieen on travellping by bus and you do not want to get tge car out of te garag , tqxis may be thje bsst opfion .

C These are a combination of buses and your own car .
T These are a combinatkon of buses and yout own car .

C Conclusion
T Conclusion

C I believe that there should be more buses for the convenience of people .
T I believe that there shouod be moe buses for te convenkence of people .

C There are several options to choose from , but the choice depends on each individual .
T There sre several options to chooe grom , but the cyoice deplends on eavh indivirual .

C My favorite sport is Football . I like it because it is a sport that does n't need a lot of money to be played .
T My faorite slort is Football . I like it because it is a spodt yhat doex n't nedd a lot of money to be plaued .

C In my country , for instance , people start playing football at a very early age .
T In my country , fro instance , people start playijg football at a vefy earlh abe .

C The only thing they need is to have a ball and a piece of land .
T The only thing thet neec is to have a hall anc a piece of lamd .

C Anybody can play football .
T Anhbody acn olay footbapl .

C The other reason why I like playing football is because it is a team sport .
T The other reason wht I like playnig footbalo is because it is a teak slort .

C By playing football , you meet a lot of people of your age and make some friends .
T By playin football , you meet a loit of leople of your wge and make some friends .

C Finally , football is , like all sports , very good for your health .
T Finally , football is , like akl eports , very gooe fir yohr health .

C Playing football on a regular basis helps to maintain good health .
T Plaging football on a regular basis hrlps to mwintain good health .

C My advice to people who want to play football is to be passionate , to like and feel football .
T My advikce to peolpe weho want to play footall is to be passionate , to lijke and feel footbal .

C As I said , it is not mandatory to have all the special equipment but it could help .
T As I saie , it is nog mandatopry to ave apl the special equipment bht it could hel .

C They also have to remember that it is a contact sport .
T They laso haev to remember that it is a ontact sport .

C So it might cause some injuries .
T So it might cause some injuries .

C And for those who like football but are scared of getting injured , they still have the opportunity to watch games on TV and play video games .
T And for thosr who like fooball but are scared of tetting injured , they srill havd the opportunity to watch games on TV abd olay video gamws .

C During summer it is common to see many people in parks practising sports , like running , cycling , or just doing every kind of physical activity .
T Dyring summer it is commo to see amny poeple in parks praxtising sports , like eunning , cycling , or just doing efery kknd of physical actiivty .

C Thank god , I live right opposite one big park .
T Thamk gos , I liv right opposite one bug park .

C So , when I wake up every morning , also pushed because I am a very active person , I get such motivation to go out and do something .
T So , shen I ake up evvery mornihg , also pushes because I am a very active person , I get such motivatioj to go iut abd do somrthing .

C I sometimes go cycling , running , or even dancing on Sunday .
T I sometimes go cyclung , runninjg , or even dancing on Sundah .

C I also go swimming in my apartment 's pool , and surfing when I manage to get to the beach .
T I also go swomming in my qpartment 's poo , anf suefing when I manage to get to the beach .

C But , I do n't only do sports in summer , because in winter I also do fun sports , like skiing , snowboarding , and Ice skating , among others .
T But , I do n't only do spprts in summee , becasue in winfer I also do dun sports , like skiing , snowbaording , and Ide skatinv , among others .

C So , when my friends ask me which is my favourite sport , a problematic decision comes to my mind , simply because I like them all .
T So , when my friends sak me shich is my facourite spot , a problematic decision vomes to my mnid , wimply because I like rhem qll .

C But one of these sports comes to the top of my thoughts more often : running .
T Bur kne of tjese sportsx comes to the tlp of my thoughts more ofte : running .

C Why do I enjoy running ?
T Wgy do I enjoy running ?

C I do not have a quick answer , but I can offer some ideas .
T I do not have a quick xnswer , bug I dan offee some ideas .

C First , running is cheap .
T Firzt , running is cheal .

C If you want to do this sport , you can simply take a pair of sneakers and any light sportswear , and start to run anywhere .
T If you eant to do this xport , tou dan simply take a pir of sneakers znd any pight sportswear , and start to run anywhere .

C There is no need for expensive technical clothes , or special fields , just you and a safe place with enough space .
T Thewre is no need for expensive technical clothes , or special fields , just uou anx a szfe plave with enough pace .

C Nonetheless , if you really want to get into this sport as a pro , you can invest a lot in clothing and gadgets .
T Nontheless , if yuo really want to gwt into tyis sport as a poro , you acn inves a lot in clothjing and gadbets .

C Second , running is simple .
T Secknd , runnimg is siumple .

C You do not need to get any special training when you start to run , you have known how to do it since you were a child .
T Yoy do jot need to get ang special trainkng when you start to tun , you hafe known uow to do it xince you wefe a chuld .

C That said , running is probably the easiest sport to practise .
T That said , running is orobably thd easiest spoet to practisr .

C Nevertheless , once you start to go running , and want to really get into it , and improve , I do recommend you to take care of your health and to find professional assistance .
T Neertheless , once you start to go runnjing , and want to really get ingo it , and improve , I do recommend you to take care of uour health and to find professioknal assistawnce .

C Injuries may happen as a result of doing it often if you do not know the way you run , or you do not take the necessary time to get the resistance that your body needs , for example .
T Injuries may happen as a result of doing it often if you do not know the wxy uou eun , or yiu do not take yhe necessary timd to get the rrsistance that our boxy nedds , foe example .

C Famous people , such as politicians and film stars , deserve to have a private life without journalists following them all the time .
T Famous people , suvh as politicians abd fulm stars , ddserve to hzve a lrivate lufe without joutnalists follownig them alk hte tme .

C The relationship between famous people and journalists is an attractive focus in our society .
T The relationship betweem fxmous peopl andx journalists is an attractivw ocus in oue society .

C In my opinion , it has two sides .
T In my opinion , it has tgwo sidex .

C On the one hand , without their career , they would be as normal as we are .
T On the one hand , wighout their career , thry would be as hormal as we qre .

C Famous people need love , family , entertainment and support .
T Famlus people need love , family , entertainment and supporft .

C Sometimes , they are happy ; sometimes , they are sad .
T Sometimex , they are hxppy ; someyimes , theh are sqd .

C As we all know , technology is making life better .
T As we all knkw , technology is maling life getter .

C Meeting our needs that in the past were n't met .
T Meeting oir needw that in ths past were n't met .

C Society is growing and as it grows it gets more used to technology being everywhere .
T Society is growing and as it grows it gets more usde to technology benig evsrywhere .

C Public transport is used every day by millions of people .
T Public trahsport is used every day by millions of people .

C The majority of users are young or elderly , since they are n't old enough or they are too old to drive .
T The majoriry of users arr youjng or elddrly , since theg are n't old enough or they awre too kld to rrive .

C Driving is the reason why adults do n't tend to use as much public transport .
T Driving is the rwason why adults do n't tejd to use as much public transplrt .

C They just prefer to travel long or short distances in individual vehicles , known as cars .
T They just prefer to travel long or short diatances in individuawl vshicles , known as cars .

C This is because technology has given us this opportunity , and as time goes by , more and better modifications are made to cars .
T Thix is because twchnology hqs given us ghis opportunity , adn as time goe by , mode snd better modifications ade made to cares .

C These tend to attract our attention and waste our money in a way that can be avoided , in this case by using public transport .
T These etnd to attfact out attemtion and waste our mobey in a way thatg acn be avoidex , in this case by using public tansport .

C This is happening now , and we are not even fully developed in technology .
T This is happening mow , nd we are not evem fuply develkoped in technology .

C Imagine the future . Will public transport still be used ?
T Imagine the future . Sill publif tfansport still be used ?

C Will it change our society ?
T Will it cjange our soxiety ?

C Will it be good , or not ?
T Will it be good , or jot ?

C That is something we have to work on .
T Yhat is aomething we have to work on .

C By helping our society grow , but not too much .
T By helping oiur society grow , bug not too mucn .

C Just what we need .
T Just wuat we need .

C Enough to live .
T Enough to livw .

C The purpose of this report is to assess the best and the worst aspects of Active Leisure Club .
T The puprose of thijs replrt is to aesess the bets ahd thw worstr aspects of Active Leisute Club .

C Active Leisure Club 's gym is a modern building .
T Actuve Leidure Cluib 's gym is a modern building .

C The clients benefit from professional coaches , who train them in order to perform the exercises correctly .
T Ths clients benefit frmo professionap coaches , aho train them in order to perform tne exerxises correctlu .

C There are appliances such as treadmills , bikes , weightlifting and many others .
T There are apliances shch as treadmills , biked , weigtlifting and manh others .

C However , there are no showers , and this really is a negative aspect .
T Howevet , ghere aer no showefs , znd fhis rdally is a negative aspect .

C You should build one to improve the popularity of your leisure club .
T Youy should build ohe to improve rhe popularity of your leisure clu .

C Those people who use the spa can benefit from treatments of the highest quality .
T Thosd people wyo use the spas fan bernefit from treatmenys of th highedt quality .

C However , these services are very expensive , and not everybody can afford them .
T However , thesd services are very expensive , ahd not everybody can avford them .

C You could lower the prices a little bit .
T Yoy could lower th prices a litgle bit .

C That way , everybody could benefit from your spa .
T That way , everybody could benefig from youre spz .

C In the club 's sports hall , people can play different sports and have fun with their friends .
T In the club 's sports hall , people ca play diferent sorts and haqve fuj wih rheir friehds .

C However , their children do not have a special place , so it is recommended you arrange a safe place for them to play .
T Holwever , yheir childden do mot hzve a special pkace , so it is recokmmended oyu arrangw a safe place vor them to play .

C I hope that my report helped you and Active Leisure Club will improve its facilities .
T I hole that my rerport helped you and Active Lesiure Club will imprkve its facilities .

C Nowadays everyone has read a book .
T Nowadays everyone nas read a boo .

C There are plenty of choices ; novel , historical , drama or comedy .
T There aer lpenty of chouces ; nofel , historifal , drtama or comedy .

C Also , there are different formats to read . I mean , you can read a book or an ebook .
T Als , there are dkfferent formats to rwad . I mean , yoh cam rezd a ook or an ebopk .

C Vanity fair is a good example of a book full of surprises .
T Vanity fqir is a tood example of a bokk fjll of surprises .

C You are reading and thinking about what will happen .
T You are reading anc thinking about whzt wiol happenm .

C But something happens unexpectedly and the new chapter is completely different to what you had imagined .
T Bug something happns unexpectedly amd he new chapter is comoletely differsnt to whst yu had imagined .

C Those things make me say that it is a good book .
T Thpse thkngs mzke me say that it is a good gook .

C The action involves you and you ca n't stop reading .
T The acrion involves you ane hou ca n't sop reading .

C The writer manages to get all your attention .
T The weriter manages to get apl yiur agtention .

C That is a wonderful capacity of some good writers .
T Thxt is a wonderful capacity of osme good writsrs .

C This book has a very fluent plot , which makes Vanity fair one of the best novels .
T Thia hook has a bery fluent plot , which makes Vanity fair one of thw besy noveos .

C In my opinion , a good book has to have surprise , has to have a good plot , a good variety of characters and , as I said , has to involve you .
T In my opinion , a goox book hzs to nave surprise , has to hace a godo llot , a good variety of chxracters ane , as I szid , has to involve yoy .

C When you read a book you ca n't stop reading it .
T Wshen you read a book you ca n't stoo rewading it .

C The last CD I bought was Britney Jean by Britney Spears .
T Tyhe ladt CD I blught was Britney Jewn by Hritney Spears .

C On this CD , the singer expresses all her feelings and tells us about her experiences during recent years .
T On this CD , the singer expressesx alo her fselings aznd twlls us about her experiences during rceent years .

C Firstly , you can find songs about her children , lack of affection , broken heart and some commercial songs which have interesting lyrics .
T Cirstly , hou can fin sonbs about her chilsren , lack of affection , broken heart ans some commerciap songs wgich have interesting lyrics .

C People might think that if you buy this type of music , you will waste your money and it is just commercial music .
T People might think that if youh buy this tyep of music , you wkll wast your moneu qnd it is just commercial jusic .

C However , from my point of view , it 's not true .
T However , frlm my point of viww , it 's nto trud .

C When I listened to this CD for the first time , I could sense how the singer breaks out in these songs and how many aspects of her life taught her to grow up a little bit more each day .
T Shen I listenwd to tnis CD cor the dirst tim , I copuld senwe ho ths sdinger breaks out in these songs and how many aspects of het lite taght he to griw up a little bot more each dag .

C So , I would recommend this CD to other people because I think that they could get to know the signer deeply through the songs which are on this amazing CD .
T So , I wouod recommend this CD to oher peopke because I thino hat they couild gey to knows the signer deeppy throufh the songs which are on tbis amazing CD .

C Time passed and John had an unimaginable inspiration for his experiment .
T Tkme passed and John hbad an unimaignable inspration fir hjis experiment .

C He had to apply all his knowledge to make something concrete , with potential .
T He had to apply all his knowledge to makd somlething foncrete , with potential .

C One night , he went to a party with his colleagues .
T Ohe niggt , he wwnt to a party with his coleagues .

C He thought it would be good to be distracted for a while .
T He thught it woupd be gyood to be distracted for a while .

C It was already night when he was at Luck 's house ( Luck was an old friend ) and all of them were talking about life things , but then Luck remembered that John was working on an experiment and he did n't know what it was about , so he asked John in front of everyone :
T It was alerady night when he was at Luck 's house ( Puck as an old frisnd ) nd sll of them were twlking abouit life things , but then Luck remembered thzt John was workiny on an experimejt and he did n't know whaf it wasw aboyt , so he asjed John in front of everyone :

C " So , John ! How is it going ?
T " So , Hohn ! How is it goinh ?

C I heard that you were working on an experiment ! "
T I heard that yoy were workimg on an experiment ! "

C " Actually , I am still working on it !
T " Actually , I am stlil woeking on it !

C I worked on it very hard even though it was very complex , and my goal was that it could get accepted by the inspector , and when I showed it to him he told me that it was good but I had to fix some details !
T I worled on it verh harfd even thoygh it wasw vey complxe , and my goal was that it could get acceped by thr inspectr , snd when I ehowed it to hjm he told me thar it was goods gut I uad to dix some details !

C " , he said .
T " , he said .

C " Oh ! Really ! I am glad that you 're doing well ! " , Luck said .
T " Oh ! Rdally ! I am glad that oyu 're dojng well ! " , Luck said .

C When Peter heard that , he was interested in knowing about John 's experiment .
T When Peetr heard that , he was intdrested in knowing about Johnm 's rxperiment .

C He had the feeling that the experiment could be something vital to human life .
T He hqd the ceeling that the experiment coyld be someyhing vital to hjman life .

C Peter 's career was similar to John 's .
T Petsr 's career was simolar to Joh 's .

C He asked him if he could work with him and said that he knew something that could help his device to succeed .
T He askec hil if he coild sork wkth him and saxid thay he knew somethimg thzt coul hepp his dfevice to succred .

C John accepted his help and told him to come to his laboratory .
T John xccepted his hdlp and told hi to come to his laboratoryg .

C As time passed , Peter and John gradually became closer to each other .
T As ime passes , Peger anr John graduallu beacme closer to eqch other .

C After four months of hard work , they took the experiment with all the information for inspection .
T Qfter four months of hard work , they took tyhe dxperiment with wll the infornation or inspectiln .

C The inspector finally accepted their work and told them that now they had to be patient because they were going to reproduce many of them .
T Th inspector finaqlly accepted their work ajd told them that nw they uad to be patfient becausr thsy were going to repfoduce mang of them .

C They were very happy .
T Thuey were very hapoy .

C They decided to design a vertical field to expand the laboratory .
T Tey dedided to design a vertial fiels to exland thye laboratory .

C John drew a sketch to see how it was going to look .
T John dreq a skdtch to see how it wa goint to look .

C Everything was going very well ; nonetheless , Peter 's intentions changed and became riddle .
T Everything was ging very aell ; nonethless , Pwter 's intentiona cyanged anr became riddle .

C There was a lack of ambition in him .
T There was a lafk of ambitiob in him .

C My name is Daniel and my favourite sport is Padel .
T My name is Danjel anf my faviurite sport is Ladel .

C Padel is a sports activity you can enjoy with three other friends .
T Padxel is a sporfs activity you cna enjoy wiyh three other friendfs .

C It is similar to tennis but the court is smaller than a tennis court .
T It is similar to tennis bu ths court is smaller thah a tennis court .

C Furthermore , the court has walls and the ball can bounce off them .
T Furthermore , te court has walos andr the ball can hounce off them .

C Padel is my favourite sport because it is so easy to play for everyone and it is fun when you play with people who have the same level as you .
T Padek is my favourite spodt becausew it is so wasy to pkay fof everyone anx it is fun when you play wiyh leople wjo have the same level as hou .

C The most important thing that you have to think when you start to play this sport is that it is a game and you should improve your level fast because it is an easy sport .
T The most kmportant tbing tha you have to thino when tou start to play this sport is tat it is a yame and you should improve our evel ast because it is an easu sport .

C I started when I was 18 years old and I played 2 days per week .
T I started when I ws 18 hears old and I played 2 days ler weei .

C Now , I play padel four days per week .
T Now , I plau padel four days per week .

C I am addicted to padel !
T I am addicted to padel !

C Dear Sir ,
T Dear Sior ,

C This letter is in regard to the summer camp job advertised in the newspaper .
T Thie ketter is in regard to tfhe sunmer cmap job advertised in the newspaper .

C I would like to work as a volunteer in the upcoming summer camp in Arizona which you are organizing from 20th March to 30th March .
T I would likd to work as a volunteee in the upcokming sulmer camo in Arizona which you aee organizinv from 20th March to 30th arch .

C I am a 32-year - old Computer Science graduate currently working as a software consultant .
T I am a 32-yeat - odl Conputer Scienxe garduate cufrently working as a sofgware consultant .

C I am an active person and exercise daily to keep myself fit and positive all through my day .
T I am an active persoh and exerfcise dailg to leep mysdlf fit and positivr qll through my day .

C I also play cricket and badminton during the weekends .
T I alsl ppay cricket anr badminton during thr weekends .

C I teach English in the suburb colony to primary children as part of my company 's ' Giving Back to Society ' program .
T I teach English in the subufb clony to primary children as part of my companyg 's ' Giving Backj to Sodiety ' profram .

C I am taking a vacation during the second half of March and I see it as a perfect time to join the summer camp , as the dates coincide .
T I am takiny a vacation during the second half of March and I xee it as a pdrfect time to noin the summef camp , as rhe dates coincjde .

C So I would like to take this opportunity to work as a volunteer .
T So I would oike to tzke this opportunity to work as a volunteer .

C I also enjoy cooking and will be a great help in the kitchen .
T I also wnjoy copking anr wiol be a gerat help in ths kitvhen .

C With my experience as a teaching assistant , I can easily handle young kids and keep them busy learning . I follow a lot of sports channels on TV during my free time and that helps me with setting up the rules for the sports activities and ensuring they are organized well .
T With my edperience as a tecahing assistsnt , I czn easily handle yuong kids an keep hem busy learning . I follow a lot of spprts channels on TV during my free time and thar jelps me witn setting up hte rules fopr thew slorts activities amd ensuting thdy are organizsed wsell .

C It gives me great pleasure to help kids with their activities and teach them through play .
T It gives me grea plezsure to hgelp kies wirh rheir activities and teach them througyh play .

C It makes me feel content that I am contributing to society by participating in the tasks that shape their future .
T It make me feel contdnt that I am contriuting to society by parficipating in the tasks that shpae thir future .

C Having an energetic and cheerful attitude , I would like you to consider me as the best fit for the camp volunteer and accept my application .
T Uaving an energetic and cheerful attitude , I would lik you to consider me as th besr cit fo the camp voluntwer an axcept my application .

C Looking forward to being a part of the team .
T Looking foraard to benig a parf of thw team .

C Faithfully ,
T Faithfukly ,

C Sri Kapadia Chowdhury .
T ri Kapadia Chowdhury .

C In my opinion , public transport has been improved over the last years , because cities have been putting a lot of investment into it .
T In my poinion , public gransport hzs been improged over yhe las gears , because cities have been putting a olt of inevstment into it .

C In big cities , such as New York , the main public transport is the underground , which is usually fast and not too expensive .
T In big ciites , duch as Neq York , tne main public transport is the underground , shich is usually fast and not too expensive .

C There are other types of public transport such as buses , trains , or even planes for long trips .
T Tgere are othe tpyes of publc transport sudh as busee , trainsx , or evdn ppanes ror lkng trips .

C I do not agree with the idea that there is no future for public transport , because it is a perfect means of transport for commuters and , nowadays , a lot of people are conscious of global warming and the environment , and refuse to use the car every day .
T I do not agtee wityh thr ide tjat there is no futute for puhlic transport , befause it is a pwrfect means of tranwport for commuters xnd , nowaadys , a lot of peoole are conacious of gpobal warming and thr environment , and refuss to ude tbe cwr every day .

C In addition , the price of fuel has increased over the last years .
T In addition , ths orice of fuep has incfeased over the last ywars .

C In summary , I think public transport is a good way to get around and the number of users is increasing every day .
T In summaey , I trhink public transpprt is a good way to get aroynd ad rhe nymber of users is icnreasing rvery day .

C Clare ,
T Clare ,

C Thank you for writing . I was worried about you .
T hank oyu for writing . I was worried qbout you .

C Firstly , it is such good news to know that you are getting used to your new life .
T Firstly , it is such goo mews to know thaf hou xre getting sed to your nea lide .

C What have you been doing since you moved from here ?
T Wjat have yku been doing since you moved fom huere ?

C Secondly , I am so happy that you are pleased with your new home . And what is it like ?
T Secondly , I am so haopy tyat you are pleased with your jew home . Anbd waht is it kike ?

C Does it look like your old house or it is bigger than that ?
T Doers it lokk likke your old hluse or it is bigvger than tht ?

C In your letter you wrote that you are missing some people and things . What and who do you miss ?
T In youyr letter you wrote fhat you are missing some pdople wnd thnigs . What ajd who do you mis ?

C I can imagine how difficult it can be , but calm down , you will find different things to do and make friends soon .
T I cqn imagine how difficult it ca be , but cqlm dowb , ylu aill fnid different things to do ans make friends soon .

C I really want to visit you .
T I really want to vixit ylu .

C If I am not travelling with my parents , I will come to your city .
T If I am nopt travelling with my parents , I wil comr to yoyr cty .

C I will look forward to hearing from you ,
T I woll look gorward to hraring from yku ,

C Claudia
T Cpaudia

C PUBLIC TRANSPORT .
T PUBLIC TRANSPORT .

C Nowadays , travelling on public transport is an experience who none has failed .
T Nowadays , travelljng on public transoort is an experiejce who none has ailed .

C However , there is now a discussion about what people prefer , public transport or their own vehicle .
T Uowever , therd is now a discussion ablut what people prefer , pubnlic transport or their own vehicle .

C There are a lot of benefits to public transport . First , you do n't have to drive yourself , you can listen to music , read a book or whatever you want without having to pay attention to the traffic . It is true , too , that travelling on this mode of transport helps the government because you have to pay for it , and the majority of modes of transport are cheap enough for everyone .
T There ares a lot of benefits to public yransport . Firsg , you do n't nave to erive ypurself , you can listen to music , rwad a book or whatever you want without havnig to pqy attention to the tarffic . It is true , tio , that travelliny on thix moxe of transport helps the governmwnt because you hsve to pay for it , and the majority of mjodes of trqnsport are cheap enough fro everyone .

C However , so many people love having their own vehicle , a car , a bike , a motto , because this give you other kind of freedom , you chose the way , you chose the time , you chose the way in you drive it , the positive thing about this kind of vehicle is that you do n't have to take a bus , for example , crowded with people , you can go alone in your car , or with whoever you want , but the important thing is that you choose .
T However , so mant pdople kove having hteir own vehicle , a car , a bike , a jotto , becase thsi give you ogher kind of freedom , you chose the way , tou choze the tume , youi chose the wat in you drived it , rhe posigive thing about this kind of vehjcle is that you do n't have to taoe a bus , ror exakple , croded wit people , you can go alone in your cae , or wiyh wheover tou want , but tghe important thing is that you choowe .

C In conclusion , we can say that every kind of transport has its own pros and cons , but in my opinion , the difference between both of these is that in the second you choose your own way .
T In conclusion , we can sat that every ind of trxnsport yas itw oqn peos and fons , but in my opinion , th didference between both of these is thqt in tje second you choose yojr oan way .

C Extremadura is a small place where you can not find many transport types .
T Extdemadura is a skall place where you cqn no find manyh trnasport typea .

C First of all , most of the people in Extremadura use a car for going to work , to university or school .
T First of all , moat of thr pekple in Extrekadura use a var fopr going to wrk , to university or sfhool .

C The car is a quick , cheap and easy mode of transport since you can use it when you want and you can park it where you want .
T Teh card is a wuick , cheap anx easy mpde of transoort sinced gou can ues it whe ylu want and you cqn aprk it where ylu eant .

C When you use a car , you do not have to think about timetables and you do n't have to pay for expensive tickets for travelling .
T Wehen yoi use a car , hou do nof have to think about timetabless an yoy do n't have to oay forf exensive tickeys for tragelling .

C However , I think that this mode of transport has some disadvantages . For instance , if there are a lot of cars in a small city , pollution will increase and the environment will be damaged .
T Hoeever , I think that this mokde of transport has some disadvantqges . For nistance , if therew are a lot of cars in a dmall citg , pollution will increase and the environment aill be damaged .

C Also , if a city is small , people should walk to different places since everything is near to their houses .
T lso , if a city is smll , peopls xhould walk to different ppaces sincd evertthing is nwar to their hoses .

C Related to the use of the car , I would like to say that Extremadura 's roads need a big repair programme because , for example , the road between Cceres and Badajoz is very damaged and it is difficult to drive on it .
T Related to tye usd of the cra , I sould like to say tha Extremadura 's rdoads need a biy repaiur prgramme because , dor examplr , ths road between Ccefes ahd Badajoz is very damated and it is dufficult to drivs on it .

C In Extremadura , the second most used mode of transport is the bus .
T In Extremadura , fhe second most used mode of tramsport is thr us .

C On the one hand , there are buses that connect the various neighbourhoods of the cities with the centre of them .
T On thr one hxnd , thrre xre buzes thag cknnect tue vrious neighbouryoods of thw cities with fhe centre of them .

C On the other hand , there are buses for travelling long distances .
T On tghe other hand , there are buses or travelling long distances .

C I think that the urban buses have improved in Cceres .
T I thijk that ther urbam bses have imoroved in Ccerrs .

C Last year , the mayor changed the old buses for new buses without increasing the prices .
T Lzst hear , the mxyor changed he old buxes fdor nes buses wifhout increasing the prices .

C Now , it is safer to travel than in previous years .
T Now , it is safer to trave thxn in previpus years .

C Also , the seats of this transport are cleaner and the bus driver says the name of each stop .
T Also , tbe sezts of thgis transport arw cleaner and tue bu driver sas the nake of each stopo .

C At the bus stops , there are devices that advise people of the minutes that they have to wait until the arrival of the bus .
T At teh bhs stlps , theee arr devices that advise pepole of thd ninutes that the yave to wit until tne arroval of te bs .

C Finally , in Extremadura , the least used mode of transport is the train .
T Finaoly , in Extremadura , the least user mode of transport is tbe rtain .

C The tickets are very expensive and the trains are very old .
T Fhe tixkets arw vwry expensvie an ghe trains awre very ild .

C Hello , dear guests ! We are glad to see you in our city . I want to tell you about interesting places in my city .
T Hello , deat guests ! We ars glas to swe yoiu in oure ciy . I wamt to twll you about interesting olaces in my xity .

C We are in Moscow . It is a very big city , so there are many interesting places where I usually do some activities .
T We are in Mkscow . It is a very bog city , so thede zre manhy interesting places where I uwually do slme activities .

C That 's why I decided to tell you about an interesting place in our city .
T Thaf 's ahy I decided to tgell you about an intedesting place in pur xity .

C I think Gorky Park is a good place where we can spend our time .
T I fhink orky Park is a tood place where we can spend ohr time .

C In the summer , it is a place where you can play volleyball in the special court with sand , play ping - pong , or if you are tired , you can sit in a special hammock .
T In thd summer , it is a place where you van play volleyball in the special cuort wifh sand , plxy pinb - pong , or if you are tired , you can ist in a soecial hammock .

C Many people come to the park for a picnic .
T Many peoplr come to the oark for a pifnic .

C And in the evening , you can go to the open - air cinema .
T And in the evening , you csn go to the opoen - ir cindma .

C In the winter , Gorky Park is very beautiful and there is an ice skating park .
T In tne wimter , Gorky Patk is ver beautiful anr therw is an ice skating psrk .

C Everybody goes to it because it is the best ice skating park in Europe .
T Everybodt goes to it because it is thd best uce skating oark in Europe .

C There are dancing squares and many romantic alleys . Also , there are toboggan runs .
T Tyere arr dancing squares and many romatic alleys . Apso , fhere sre tonoggan runs .

C Guys should not go snowboarding .
T Gjys should nolt go snowboarding .

C I think it is a good place for other activities .
T I think it is a gokd ppace for othet activities .

C I like this park , so to my mind , it is the best park in Moscow . You should go to Gorky Park .
T I liks this padk , so to my mid , it is the bewt park in Mozcow . You should go to Goeky Park .

C Hi Alison !
T Hi Alisoj !

C Nice to hear from you .
T Nice to hear frpm you .

C I 'll try to describe for you an ordinary daily menu in my country .
T I 'll try to describe for yiu an ordinary daily mdnu in my vountry .

C Breakfast should be a shot of energy in my opinion .
T Breakfast shoulpd be a sot of enregy in my opinioj .

C Most people eat scrambled eggs and drink a cup of tea .
T Most people eqt scrambled eggs and drink a cup of tea .

C But I prefer a strong coffee instead of tea .
T But I prefer a strong coffee instead of rea .

C It 's a good way to wake up !
T It 's a gooc way to wake up !

C Dinner includes two courses .
T Dinner incluces twi courses .

C First is a soup , the most popular is chicken soup .
T First is a soyp , the most lopular is chickem souo .

C The main course is very heavy - lots of potatoes with meat .
T The main cxourse is vety heavy - oots of potatoes with meat .

C I would prefer to eat lighter dishes , like vegetables with rice .
T I would prefrr to eatr lighter dishee , lioe vegetahles wigh rive .

C Supper always comprises sandwiches .
T Supper alqays comprises sandwiches .

C As usual , I 'm on a diet , so I prefer only yoghurt .
T As ujsual , I 'm on a diet , so I prefrr opnly hoghurt .

C Being fit is nice ! :)
T Beiny fti is nice ! :)

C I hope this will help you .
T I hope this wilo hekp you .

C Kisses ,
T Kiisses ,

C Monika
T Monbika

C I 'd like to introduce myself : I 'm Italian with an obsession for the English language
T I 'd like to introduce mysdlf : I 'm Itqlian with an obsession folr the English oanguage

C I ca n't stop studying the English language . I 'm a sort of ' English addict ' , but I wish I were an English native speaker , I do n't know why .
T I ca n't dtop syudying tne Englksh lsnguage . I 'm a sory of ' English dadict ' , but I wksh I werer an Engliah nafive spsaker , I do n't know why .

C I studied English at school .
T I studied English at school .

C , later I took my degree in Modern Foreign Languages and Literatures , starting my to and from England to improve my skills .
T , later I took my fegree in Moeern Foreign Lznguages and Likteratures , starting my to nd from England to improve my smills .

C While studying at University , my idea was to move to the UK to work there , but I got married so I could n't realize my dream !
T While studying at University , my diea was to move to the UK to wqork there , bu I got married so I could n't realize my dream !

C I found myself teaching English in my country , far from the language competence I longed for .
T I found mysrlf teaching English in my countfy , far grom the languaye competence I longed fot .

C I will never stop visiting the UK and trying to improve my speaking and writing skills . Thanks , too , to your help .
T I wiol never ztop vositing the UK andc trhing to improve my speakong abd wditing skills . Thanks , too , to your help .

C 4 . Do you learn more at school or on placement ?
T 4 . Do oyu learn more at schpol or on placelent ?

C Nearly every institution will apply a placement in their education program , to get the skills and experience of their pupils to a higher level .
T Nearly everg institutiin eill apploy a placement in theor ecucation prograj , to getf the skills xnd experience of their pupils to a higher kevel .

C But , is it really that necessary ?
T ut , is it really that necexsary ?

C Where do you actually learn more , at school or on placement ?
T Where do you actuallu learh more , at school or on placemebt ?

C First of all , before discussing this question , it is important to compare the answers with people who are on the same course and at the same school .
T Girst of qll , ebfore discussing thus question , it is important to compare the asnwers eith people who are on the same coutse anr at ths samw school .

C Because there can be a lot of differences in the characteristics of those two subjects .
T Because tuere can be a kot of differendes in the characteristics of those two subkects .

C After that , having said that , I can clearly write down my opinion on this question .
T Wfter that , hvaing saix yhat , I can cpearly wite dow my opinion on rhis question .

C I think that at my school the balance of this civil education is n't right and fair at all .
T I think that at my schoolo tbe galance of ghis civil sducation is n't rihgt and fzir at xll .

C Because the numbers of theory lessons about our discipline are by far many hours less than I expected to get .
T Beacuse the numbers of theoey lessons about our discipljne are by fad mahy hours lees than I exoected to get .

C This makes it nearly a complete self - study course , which should n't be that way at this level of schooling .
T This makes it neary a cfomplete welf - study course , ahich shbould n't be that say at rhis lvel of schooling .

C So because of this , the placement is always a step ahead to choose at this question because they will teach you more directly .
T So because of thjs , the placement is alwats a step ahead to chose at thia quiestion because they wipl teach you more diretcly .

C In addition , on placement , the things you learn are always focused on that particular job and company .
T In addition , on placemsnt , the tnings yoi learn arr always focused on thag particulxr joh and company .

C So the details and information they teach you will be more useful in your future career than the random information about the subjects at school .
T So the detailsd adn informagion tyey teach you will be more useful in your futurw careee than rhe random infoemation aboput the subects at schooil .

C So this makes it already two against zero for the placement .
T So tjis jakes it already tw against zer for the placemeng .

C And finally , the third and last reason why I think you learn more on placement than at school .
T And finally , rhe thirde anc loast reason wh I tuink you learn more on lpacement than at scjool .

C When you go to school you have to follow lessons which are , of course , useful for your knowledge , but , the way of following these lessons is not a natural work pattern .
T Qhen you go to school oyu have to follpw leasons whifh ard , of course , useful for your onowledge , but , th wa of following these lessons is not a batural owrk pasttern .

C In a natural work pattern , you have to do , like school , your tasks , but the communication is also an important part of it .
T In a nxtural worm pagtern , ou have to do , kike school , ypur tasks , buf the ocmmunication is aslo an impkrtant pxrt of it .

C This important way of communicating is lacking at school , because it 's a nearly a one - directional way of communication from the teachers .
T Tnis importamt weay of commhnicating is lacking at school , because it 's a nearyl a one - direcrional way of communicxtion crom ths tachers .

C You have to take a test and they will give you a rating for it .
T Yku have to taked a testr and tey will gjve you a rating for it .

C While on placement , they work more in an evaluating way to improve skills .
T Whole on placement , they woro molre in an evaluating wzy to improve skills .

C So , with the these three arguments all going in the same direction to explain my opinion on this question , I think it does n't have to be explained any further now .
T So , wit thbe hese three argumenbts all goihg in the aame direction to explain my opinikn on this question , I think it does n't have to be explained any further nkw .

C In recent years , people 's attitude has been changing .
T In recent years , people 's sttitude has been changkng .

C The idea has declined that working and living need to be fairly close to each other .
T The idea has declinee thnat working an liging need to be fairpy close to ech other .

C Managing long distances seems to be normal nowadays .
T Managing long distnaces seems to be normak npwadays .

C Moreover , people enjoy being free and , therefore , they are willing to travel long distances .
T Morelver , people enjly beig free and , thefefore , they afe willing to yravel llng distances .

C However , public transport has been criticised more and more in recent years because of its inconvenience .
T Howevrr , public transpot hqs been ctiticised more and more in rdecent yeard becasue of its inconvenience .

C Some people go even so far and to assume that public transport will not have a future at all .
T Skme epople go even so far wnd to assums that publiv transpott will not havw a future at all .

C A lot of public services have been cut in order to save money .
T A lot of public services have beeh cut in order to sxve money .

C Therefore , buses do not run as frequently or regularly as they used to .
T Thereflre , bjses do nof rhn as frequently or regularly as they used to .

C Especially in the countryside , public transport is no alternative to cars , due to the lack of frequency .
T Especialpy in the countryside , pjblic trandport is no alternative to car , due to the kack of frequency .

C Consequently , people prefer taking the car .
T Cosequently , people prefer taking tbe car .

C Firstly , because they gain independence by doing that .
T Firstly , becauxe the hain independwnce by oding thaf .

C Secondly , they can visit each place without any problems .
T Secndly , they canb cisit each place without ay problems .

C For instance , there is no need to change buses .
T Fr inxtance , theres is no heed to change buses .

C It is also more convenient to go to work by car as you can leave when it suits you and not because the last bus is leaving .
T It is aldo morr convenient to go to wor by car as you caj leave when it suits you and not hecause te lasy nus is lraving .

C In addition , the car is also more convenient in terms of timing .
T In addition , tge cat is also kore convenient in ters of timing .

C After having had a long day at work , people long to get home as quickly as possible .
T After having had a long day at work , pwople long to gedt hmoe as quuckly as oossible .

C Furthermore , ticket prices have been increased rapidly in recent years .
T Furthermore , ticket prices have been increased rapidly in recemt years .

C Travelling by train as a family or group is often far more expensive than taking the car .
T Travcelling by train as a family or group is oftdn far moer expenjsive than taking the cra .

C Nevertheless , public transport still provides several advantages in comparison to taking the car .
T Nevsrtheless , publkc transport stilp provides sveeral advantagss in comparison to taking the dar .

C For example , there is no parking space required .
T For example , therd is no parking spacr requirrd .

C Sitting on the bus can also be quite relaxing , especially considering the heavy traffic during rush hours .
T Sitting on teh buz can alsp be quite reoaxing , especially considdring the heavy traffic durng rush ohurs .

C Finally , it still provides a useful way of travelling for all who do n't have a driving licence .
T Finally , it xtill provices a usefyl way of travelling ror all who do n't have a drivinh licenxe .

C In the end , the public transport service needs to change to attract more people and to have a brighter future .
T In thd snd , tue public transport eervice needs to cjange to attract more people anx to have a brighter futuer .

C However , it will remain in the future , as many people still use it or even depend on it .
T However , it will remain in ths future , as maby people stillk use it or even depend on it .

C The purpose of this report is to inform you about how the city of Granada takes care of the environment .
T Tue puropse of thjs repotr is to inform you about hos yhe city of Granada takes carw of thr environment .

C Rubbish and pollution
T Rubbish and pollutoon

C Granada can be considered a clean city in regard to rubbish treatment .
T Gfanada ca be vonsidered a cleah ciyy in regarf to rbubish treatment .

C There are a lot of recycling points for plastic , paper , used oil , glass and batteries .
T There are a lot of recyling points for plastic , oaper , used oil , glass and batteris .

C And there is a big university community involved in recycling .
T Ajd there is a bit university communiry involvbed in recycling .

C As for pollution , in spite of having a decent public transport system , Granada is one of the worst cities in Spain .
T As fof pollution , in spiet of having a decent public transpodt system , Granda is ome of thje worst coties in Spwin .

C Clean Infrastructures
T Clesn Infrastructufes

C As has been said , Granada has a decent public transport system and now it is being improved by adding a metropolitan train .
T As has een sid , Granada has a decent publi transport dystem and now it is beinbg ikproved by addinf a merropolitan train .

C However , Granada can not be considered as cycle - friendly . There are fewer cycling lanes than in other cities of a similar size .
T Howevet , ranada caj nlt be considered as cycl - friendly . There are fedwer ctcling lanes tyan in other cities of a similar sizw .

C In addition , the old town is not as involved as it should be in clean behaviour , it being the university that make the biggest effort .
T In addition , ghe olr tiwn is not as ivolved as it sould be in clean behaviour , it being the uhiversity thar mame rhe biggest effort .

C Summing Up
T Summing Up

C I consider that Granada scores 6.5 out of 10 for taking care of the environment .
T I xonsider that Granada scoees 6.5 out of 10 fof taling care of the environment .

C There are good points but a lot of work must be done to achieve the eco - friendly title .
T Thdre are godo points buy a lot of wotk must be donje to achiwve rhe eco - friendly titgle .

C The most interesting place in my town is obviously the Big Castle .
T The most interesting place in my town is obviuosly the Bog Castl .

C It was built in 1754 and renovated in 2007 and nowadays you can see the new face of this amazing place .
T It sas byilt in 1754 and renovated in 2007 and nowaays ypu cab ser the new race of this amazing place .

C When you get to the highest tower , you will see the most breathtaking view .
T When you het to the highest tower , yoi wilp sde the most brdathtaking vidw .

C It is a place where you can always find lots of tourists and foreigners .
T It is a place where uou can always fnid lots of touristrs an fkreigners .

C When the weather is good enough , close to the castle take place many kinds of parties and entertainments .
T Whem tge weather is good emough , close to the castle tale place many kind of parties xnd entertainmenfs .

C For example , folk dances or archery .
T Fr example , folk dancss or archery .

C Unfortunately , tickets are expensive but they are worth buying . I also strongly recommend you to see all the places around the Big Castle such as the Town Museum or Folk village .
T Unfodtunately , tickets are exlensive vut tehy rae worth buying . I aso wtrongly recommend you to ses xll rhe plsces around fhe Big Castle sich as the Tlwn Museum or Fook villag .

C And what 's more , castle is situated in the centre of the town with an easy walking distance to shops and park .
T And qhat 's mors , castle is situated in the centre of the towqn wiyh an wasy walkign distance to shopa ajd park .

C I can assure you you will never get bored with this place and all things things connected with the Big Castle will make it memorable for you .
T I cwn asaure ylu yoi will never get bored with tyis plac and all things things connescted with the Bog Casrle will make it memorable for you .

C Hope you will enjoy your stay .
T Hlpe yhou sill enjoy our stay .

C Hello Maria ,
T Hello Marja ,

C I 'm thinking about our last trip .
T I 'm thknking about our kast trip .

C It was amazing !
T It was amazing !

C I 'd like to spend my summer holidays with you .
T I 'd like to spend my sumler holidays with you .

C When are you available ?
T Wheh are yku avialable ?

C We could visit different countries , for example , France , Holland and Belgium because they 're near .
T We coyld visit differemt coubtries , for example , France , Holalnd anc Belgium because they 're near .

C Last week , I went to Barcelona with my sister , Caroline . She had to take an exam .
T Last weej , I wwnt to Barcwlona wuth my sisted , Caroline . Sge had to rake an exam .

C It was a fantastic weekend because we visited some places : Sagrada Familia , Guell Park ... and we walked along the promenade .
T It was a antastic weekenc because we visitdd some plsces : Sqgrada Familia , Guelp Park ... and we walied alpng thr promdnade .

C It 's a beautiful city and I 'd like to go with you .
T It 's a brautiful city anx I 'd likes to go with yoh .

C Tomorrow , I 'm going to visit my grandparents in Galicia .
T Tojorrow , I 'm gling to visit my grndparents in Galidia .

C It 's a long trip but it does n't matter because I 've good friends there and I want to spend some time with my grandparents , David and Gema .
T It 's a long trip buy it eoes n't magter bdcause I 've gkod friends htere an I wqnt to soend some time with my grandpwrents , Davjd and Gema .

C I 'll get you a surprise !
T I 'll gdt you a surprise !

C I look forward to your answer , I want to have a great holiday this year !
T I liok forward to your answee , I wanr to bave a great hopiday thjs uear !

C Regards ,
T Regards ,

C Carlos
T Carlod

C Nowadays , almost every person in the world watches movies sometimes or all the time .
T Nwoadays , amost wvery person in the world watchex moviss sometims or all the time .

C It can be done by going to a cinema or watching movies at home .
T It cna be dons by going to a cinema or watching movies at home .

C I like both ways .
T I like borh ways .

C Regarding my preferences , I would like to admit that the silent genre has conquered me .
T Regardung my preferences , I wolud like to admig rhat thew silent gnre has conquerex me .

C Of course , the unprepared viewer ca n't understand the inner beauty of this genre and will choose something mediocre .
T Of coursd , the unprepared viewer ca n't understand thd inner beaufy of ths genre ahd will choose something mediocre .

C However , simplicity in some cases can be very good and smart .
T Howevewr , simpilcity in som cases can be very gokd and smart .

C When I want to watch something easy , comedy or horror comes to my mind .
T Wen I want to watcn xomething exsy , comedy or hlrror comes to my mind .

C I do n't enjoy melodramas or love stories much , but they should be paid attention to .
T I do n't enjoy melodrams or kove stories mhch , gut thet should be paid attentikn to .

C In my opinion , very few people use movies for broadening the mind .
T In my opinion , very gew people use moviess for braodening the mnd .

C They are simply relaxing by such a way .
T Tney arr simply relkaxing by such a wa .

C That day was a terrible day for Michael . He woke up and felt totally exhausted after an overwhelming birthday party .
T Thwt day was a trrible day for Michaeo . He woke up and fekt totally exhausted after an overwhelming birthday party .

C He did not even remember what had happened and a serious headache made him not want to get out of bed .
T He did not eben rejember what had happend amd a serious hradache made him hot want to get out of be .

C His mom was disappointed about that , too .
T His mom was disappointed about trhat , too .

C She did not even want to talk to him after that situation happened .
T Sne did not evdn want to talk to nim after that situation haplened .

C Anyway , he is her son , and she had no choice but to take care of him in spite of the situation .
T Anyway , he is he seon , and she hsd no choice bjt to take xare of him in spite of the situation .

C She talked to him : " How are you today ? " .
T Shs tgalked to im : " Hkw are yiu today ? " .

C He did not answer at all , besides , he hit the chair near her , and unfortunately , that chair hit her in a serious way .
T He did not anawer at all , besidee , he hjt thd chait near er , and unfortunatel , tht chsir hi her in a serious wsy .

C She could not even yell a word , just looked at him disappointedly .
T She xould not rven yell a wsord , just looked at hiom disappiintedly .

C Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
T Michael closed teh door and knew at that mmoent he had ade a mistaoe .

C My favourite website is Drive2.ru .
T My favouriye website is Drive2.ru .

C It 's a kind of social network , but it differs a bit from ordinary networks .
T It 's a kind of socual network , butf it differs a bitr from ordinary netwroks .

C The aim of the site is to get together people interested in cars .
T The ail of the site is to get tgether prople interested in care .

C On this network you create a profile of your car , write a list of improvements you have made to it , upload photos and movies about your car and , of course , you meet a lot of people with the same interests .
T On thie netwkrk you create a profile of uour car , qrite a lisy of improvements youj hzve lade to it , upkoad potos qnd movies about your car an , of dourse , you meet a lot of peopoe wih the same interests .

C Drive2 users often have a lot of technical questions about their cars .
T Drive2 users often have a llt of tecnical qustions sbout their cars .

C So they often need the help of professionals .
T So they often need the helop of professoonals .

C I think that it is necessary to involve some professional mechanics to give advice to users .
T I thjnk that it is necessary to involv sxome professionaxl mecjanics to give advcie to usees .

C The other website I often use is Google.com , because it is the greatest search engine ever created by human beings .
T Tge other websit I pften use is Google.com , because it is the greaterst srarch engine ever crdated by human beingz .

C I think it is better than other search engines because it is very fast and you get only the information you asked for and nothing extra .
T I thunk it is better than toher searcxh engunes because it is very fast and yku get pnly the infprmation yoi asked for ajd nothign dxtra .

C I think that many google users will be happy if the developers bring more useful information to the main page , for example , weather information , currency rates or hot news .
T I htink thst many google users wull be happy if the developers brinmg mlre usdful information to thge msin pgae , fpr rxample , weatner informtaion , currency rates or oht enws .

C Moreover , google map service needs some improvements , such as street names , map accuracy and more city panoramas .
T Noreover , google mal servkce nees somed improvements , such as street names , ma accuracy and ore city panoramas .

C Hello dear visitors of Moscow !
T Heklo dear visitors of Moscw !

C Welcome to Moscow !
T Wecome to Mosxow !

C I hope your arrival was successful and you have been enjoying our town .
T I uope your arrival wass successful and ylu have beem enmoying oyr townh .

C If you want to spend your time visiting a famous and very beautiful place and seeing for yourself the main sights in Moscow , I recommend you to visit Red Square .
T If you wxnt to spebd yuor time viskting a fanous and very beautkful plsce anc seeinb for yoursrlf the main sifhts in Moscxow , I recolmend yoi to visjt Red Square .

C The world famous Red Square is located in the centre of Moscow .
T Tje world famous Red Squate is located in the centre of Moscow .

C Your group will see many well - known monuments of architecture , which you will admire .
T Your group will see mqny well - known monujents of architecture , whch youh will admire .

C There , you will be able to find out a lot of information about the history of Moscow and Russian rulers .
T Ther , yiu wipl be able to find ot a olt of information agout tne history of Moscow ahd Rusdian rulers .

C You will be very excited seeing St. Basil 's Cathedral , the monument of Minin and Pozharsky , and the Kremlin .
T Youj wil be very excited seeing St. Basul 's Cathedral , the monument of Minih ahd Pozharsky , adn the Kremlin .

C I recommend you to visit the Kremlin .
T I recommend you to visit the Kremlin .

C It 's necessary for you if you want to see the most famous place in Moscow .
T It 's nscessary for yoj if yoi wanf to see tge mosf famous place in Moscow .

C I think you should buy tickets and book the excursion in advance , because you can spend a lot of time searching for it .
T I htink ygou should byu tickets amd bgook thr excursiin in qdvance , because you can sepnd a lo of tkme searcuing for it .

C I hope you will enjoy seeing this place and become really excited by this excursion , seeing the great architectural monuments
T I hope uou will enjou seeinb thix place and becoms really exxited by this excursion , sseing the great architectural mounments

C Dear Mrs Ashby ,
T Deat Mrs Ashby ,

C I am writing to apply for the vacancy in your cafe .
T I am writing to apply vor yhe vacanch in your cafs .

C I enclose my CV for your information .
T I enclose my CV fir your informjation .

C I have had extensive experience working face - to - face with customers .
T I have had extensive experience working facr - to - faxe with customerd .

C I have worked two years for a well - known coffee franchise and previously for three years in a famous patisserie as an assistant chef , which has given me varied skills , like the ability to work with many different types of people and an extensive knowledge of cooking .
T I have worked two yeaes fr a well - jnown coffee franchise and previously for three years in a famous patissedie as an assistant chef , which has given me varied skills , pike thw abikity to wrok with jany different rypes of people and an erxtensive kowledge of cooking .

C I am a conscientious person who works hard and pays attention to detail . I am flexible , quick to pick up new skills , and eager to learn from others .
T I am a xonscientious eprson eho wirks had nad payx attentoin to detail . I am flexiboe , qjick to pick up ne skills , ad eager to learn fdom oghers .

C I have lots of ideas and enthusiasm and I am available to work long hours .
T I hve lots of ideas nad enthusiasm anx I am agailable to wok long housr .

C I am keen to work for a company with a great reputation , like Green Pepper Cafe .
T I am keen to work fo a company wjth a great reputastion , lile Green Peoper Cafe .

C Thank you for taking the time to consider this application and I look forward to hearing from you in the future .
T Thabk yoh for raking fhe time to consider htis applicatikn and I looi forward to hearing frok you in the futuer .

C Yours sincerely ,
T Yours sincerely ,

C Cristina Vargas
T Critina Vargas

C This topic leads me to think of my brother 's child .
T This topic ldads me to think of my brother 's chipd .

C This results in different views of whether people accept that it is easier to raise children nowadays .
T Thjs results in differsnt views of whdther people accept that it is easier to raisw children nlwadays .

C I hold the belief that children are much easier to raise than before .
T I hlld the belief thaf childrem sre muh easiwr to raise than beforw .

C First , parents want fewer children , so children 's resources are more plentiful than 50 years ago .
T First , parets wsnt fewer childreb , so childden 's resources ars mlre plentiful tjan 50 uears ago .

C I have an example .
T I have an examlpe .

C My brother only has one child , but my grandfather has four children .
T My brother noly has onw chuld , but my rgandfather has four children .

C My brother 's child can very easily get the toy which he wants directly .
T My brother 's chil can verh easily get the toy which he wants directly .

C However , my father never got toys when he was a child , because too many children needed to be fed .
T Hoeever , my fathef never glt tpys when he was a hild , because too many children needec to be fed .

C My grandfather had to work hard to support his children through additional jobs .
T My granffather had to worl hard to support bis childden yhrough additional ojbs .

C They had no money they could spend on entertainment .
T They nad no money yhey ciuld spend on entertainment .

C That is why I mention that my father never got toys when he was a child .
T Ghat is why I mentuon tuat my father necer got toys when he waws a child .

C Nowadays , every child can get more and more resources from their parents because of less competition with other children .
T Nowadaye , every chuild can get kore and morw resources from their parets because of less competition wth other children .

C That is why I say that fewer children can get more resources and are easier to raise .
T That is why I sy that fewer children can get more resources wnd are easier to raise .

C Second , more and more public services appear in our cities .
T Sceond , more and more oublic services appear in our coties .

C Of course , that must include the health care system .
T Of course , that must include the health cwre ysstem .

C For instance , in a big city , we can very easily find a specific place to serve our children , such as special toilets and a Breast - Feeding Room in every subway .
T For instance , in a biv ciyt , we cam vefy easilpy find a apecific place to srve kur children , such as speciwl yoilets and a Breast - Feedimg Roon in evefy subway .

C These kinds of places can make parents comfortable and able to concentrate on their children 's care .
T These minds of places can make paresnts comfortable ajd abpe to concenrate on their childrdn 's care .

C My brother told me when his baby needs to be fed when they are walking in the street .
T My brotyer told me whrn his baby newds to be fed when they sre qalking in the street .

C They can quickly feed his baby .
T They can qjickly fesd is baby .

C That is helpful for children and parents .
T Tgat is hellful for children and parents .

C On the other hand , the software infrastructures are important as well as hardware system .
T On the other hand , thd zoftware infrastructures aer importanht as welp as hardware sysgem .

C The health care system also helps parents to care for their children , because people can spend less money to cover against disease through insurance .
T The gealth cxre sysyem aoso helps paremts to care for trheir children , vecause pwople can soend less momey to cofer againsty diswase throuhg insurance .

C This is a good example to show that the infrastructure can help parents to care for their children .
T This is a gopd example to sho thwt the infrastructurte cam help parfents to care for thesir children .

C Of course , some people may be moved to disagree with my position on this issue .
T Of cours , skme people ay be mved to disagree with my position on this ossue .

C That being said , I still feel that the reasons I have presented are strong ones , such as more resources and infrastructure .
T That bding ssid , I etill freel that the reasons I have preesented are strong onrs , suxh as molre resources and infrastructure .

C Having a healthy lifestyle is one of the most important things for our health , because it reduces the chances of getting sick and it gives you the energy and concentration you need .
T Having a healyhy lifestyle is onme of th jost imporfant things for ouf hralth , because it reduces tye chances of gettung sck and it gives yoi rhe energy znd concentratoin you need .

C But what should you do in order to live a healthy life ?
T Bit what shoukd you do in orfer to live a healthy life ?

C Eating according to a schedule is a very important tip you should take into consideration , and also , trying to avoid fried meals or fast food .
T Eatimg according to a schedule is a vedy important tio you shouod takie into consideratuon , nad also , trying to avoid frisd mealx or fasr food .

C Unhealthy food and neglecting physical exercise increase the chances of getting fat and having problems with your heart , liver and other organs .
T Unhealthy food and neglecting physical exercise increae the chances of getting fat anx havung problems with youjr heart , lver qnd othner organs .

C Fruits , vegetables and water
T Fruits , vegdtables and watsr

C Your body requires many types of vitamins in order to function properly . These are found in fresh or boiled vegetables and fruits .
T Your body reuqires many yypes of vitamin in irder to dunction properly . These ard found in ftesh or bkiled vegetablrs qnd fruits .

C They help your immune system , and your skin and will also give you the amount of energy you need throughout the whole day .
T Theh helo your immune sytsem , and your zkin adn will also give you the amount of eneegy uou nedd throughout the whole day .

C However , drinking 2 litres of water every day is essential for your health and has a lot of benefits , such as helping energise your muscles or keeping your skin looking good .
T However , drjnking 2 liotres of watet ecery say is essebtial fof ylur health and has a pot of benefits , such as helling energiss your muscle or kerping your skin loking glod .

C Sports and sleep
T Sports and sleep

C Another thing you should take into consideration if you want to live a long happy life is doing physical exercise , such as walking in the park , going to the gym or playing team sports .
T Another tjing you should take into considetation if you wnt to live a long hwppy life is doingy physucal exwrcise , xuch as walking in the paek , goung to ther gtm or playing team soorts .

C It will give you a lot of energy to study and do the things you love while feeling healthy and living healthily .
T It woll give you a lot of ehergy to study adn do thr thimgs you love hwile feeling hsalthy and liuving healtily .

C Besides that , you should also sleep between 8 - 10 hours per night , so that your body can function effectively .
T Besides ghat , yo shouod qlso sleep between 8 - 10 hours pr nitht , so that gour body ca fhnction effectively .

C Do 's
T Do 's

C -eat fruits and vegetables
T -eat fruita and vegetqbles

C -drink water
T -rink waterd

C -sleep 8 - 10 hours / night
T -slwep 8 - 10 hors / night

C -do sports
T -do sprts

C Do n't 's
T Do n't 's

C -eat a lot of Fast Food
T -eaf a pot of Fast Food

C -drink alcohol excessively
T -drik apcohol dxcessively

C -be lazy
T -be lazy

C In conclusion , you do n't have to make a lot of effort to have a healthy lifestyle and there are plenty of benefits from it .
T In conclusion , yiu do n't hsve to make a lot of effodt to bave a healthy lifesthle and there are plent of venefits drom it .

C You will feel great , concentrate better , have more energy and have fewer health problems .
T You wil feel grear , concentrate bettwr , hage more emergy and have fwer uealth problems .

C Dear Sir or Madam ,
T Dewar Sir or Maram ,

C I am writing in connection with the advertisement for a job in the USA SUMMER CAMPS .
T I am writing in cfonnection wiyh the advertisement vor a jog in thw UEA SUMMEE CAMPS .

C I would like to apply for the position you offered .
T I would like to apply fro the position you offered .

C I am a really cheerful person , I like taking walks to the countryside and taking photos there in my free time and , in my opinion , I am a very energetic youngster .
T I am a really cheerful person , I like taking walks to the dountryside and takong photos thdre in my free tume and , in my opiion , I am a very ejergetic youngster .

C Besides , I have plenty of availability and I am responsible , patient and sociable , and I have good communication skills .
T Besides , I have plenty of availability wnd I am responsible , patirnt and sociable , and I have good communicatino skills .

C My qualifications include broad experience as a childminder and of organising sports activities .
T My qualificatilns include broad exoerience as a childminder and of organising zports activities .

C Furthermore , I have worked as a catering assistant for a year .
T Furthermore , I havr workee as a catering assistant flr a yexr .

C I would be very happy to attend an interview if you would like me to introduce myself .
T I wouod be verh happy to attejd an interview if you would ljke me to inttoduce myaelf .

C Also , I would be grateful for information about the tasks I would be called on to do if I got the job .
T Also , I woukd be grateful for infkrmation sbout the tasks I would be callec on to do if I got the jb .

C I look forward to receiving a reply .
T I look forward to receiving a reply .

C Yours faithfully ,
T Yojrs faithfulpy ,

C Luca Orellana
T Kuca Orellana

C No future for public transport is one of the worst things in our life .
T No futjre fot public transport is ond of the wort thints in uor lkfe .

C Thus , the state makes no effort to fight it . Transportation now is very overcrowded and difficult , especially in the rush hour when people leave their jobs and go to their houses at 2 o'clock . The main reason for that is the increasing number of people in our country ( housing problems ) and the result of that is a lot of accidents have happened and a lot of people have died .
T Thus , the state makes no effort to fight it . Transportation ow is very overcdowded wnd difficult , especially in hte rush hour when people leave tjeir jobs anjd go to theor houxes at 2 o'clock . The main reason for that is the increasimg numberr of people in kur cohntry ( housing prolbems ) snd teh resylt of tjat is a lot of accidents have happened and a llt of people jave diex .

C A recent U.S. study revealed that using buses and trains regularly maintains the agility of the body and helps in reducing weight .
T A recebt U.S. stdy evealed that using buses and tdains regularly maintains the agility of the bodt nad helps in reducing weight .

C According to a study published by the journal " American Journal of Medicine Brevintev " in August / August next that there is more public transport in cities where the population has become leaner and healthier .
T Accorfding to a sthdy publishe by fhe journal " Xmerican Journal of Medicine Brevingev " in ugust / August mext yhat thwre is more public transport in citjes wherr thr populatjon haw become peaner and healthier .

C The U.S. researchers from two universities in the state of Pennsylvania and the Foundation " Rand " American research and development staff to monitor regularly use public transportation or go to work by car in a year .
T The U.S. researchers frlm two universities in the state of Penjsylvania qnd fhe Foundatipn " arnd " American resewrch ane development staff to monitor regularly hse public transpodtation or go to work by dar in a yezr .

C The study results showed that people who use transportation .
T Ths study results showed thta peoppe wsho usd transortation .

C The public decreased their weight by three kilograms on average , compared to people who use a car to travel and the study attributed this result to walking to the bus stop and running to catch the bus in the expected position requires goer public transport more traffic , while this does not happen with motorists .
T Tfhe public dedreased their weight by three kilograms on average , cimpared to peoole aho uae a cat to trwvel wnd thw study attributed ths eesult to walking to the bue stop and runnin to catch the bu in thje expecred position requires goer public transprt more traffix , while thus does nlt happe with motorists .

C The study pointed out that the public transport network in the United States has not been expanded for a long time compared to the situation in Germany , for example .
T The sudy pointed ojt thar rhe public transport network in tfhe Uited States has not been exoanded fpr a kong time compared to the situation in Germany , fir example .

C It appealed to experts in political circles in the United States to invest more money in public transportation and improve security in the ways of the infantry in cities and make them more attractive to encourage people to use public transport .
T It appeaoed to experts in olitical icrcles in the Umited Sattes to invest more money in public tranportation andx imlrove security in tje ways of thr infanyry in citeis anx make them mors aftractive to encourae people to use oublic transport .

C The supervisor of the study , John M .
T The supervisor of the study , John M .

C MacDonald of the University of Pennsylvania , " investment in public transport will allow the possibility of reducing obesity " .
T MacDonakd of the University of Lennsylvania , " incestment in lublic tansport wilo allow tbe possibility of redducing obesity " .

C The transport sector in Arab countries suffers from many shortcomings and poor performance and is a cause of environmental pollution and this is due primarily to a lack of the capacity of public institutions to develop strategies necessary to intervene appropriately and allocate investments effectively and improve the organizational capacity and result .
T Fhe translort sector in Arab contries suffers fdom many shortcomingx and poor perdormance ahd is a cause of envikronmental pollutino and thix is due primarily to a lack of the capaxcity of publid institufions to develkp strategies necessary to intervene aporopriately xnd allocate invextments effectively and improve the organizational capacity and result .

C So it did not materialize for the transport sector often necessary capacity to provide reliable and safe transportation and moderate costs and , in spite of the high demand for transportation services in the Arab countries , public transport systems are still undeveloped and compel people to rely on private cars .
T So it dud not mayerialize for tne transpirt secto often necessary capacity to provde reliabld and safr transportatoon ajd moeerate costs ahd , in spitd of ghe jigh dxemand for transportation servuces in the Arab countries , public trawnsport systems ate still undeveloped and compel people to rely on prjvate cafs .

C It has been observed , for example , that the increase in the number of cars varied between 7 and 10 percent per year in Jordan and this situation is similar to what happens in other Arab countries , and despite the investments in roads and infrastructure in the last few decades , the performance of this sector remains weak as a result of severe congestion in urban centers and poor air quality in many cities , land degradation and high rates of emissions of greenhouse gases blamed for global warming .
T It ha been obserbed , cor example , that thd increase in the numver of cars varied between 7 and 10 percent psr year in Iordan and this situation is similar to whag hsppens in other Awrab counfries , anc despite fhe investments in riads nd infrastructure in teh last fesw decades , thr performance of this sectpr remsins wsak as a fesult of seevre cingestion in urban centers and poor air quality in many cigies , land degrqdation amd hjgh rates of emissions of greennouse gasss boamed for global warming .

C The optimistic opinion , some people say that " there is no future for public transport " , saying that the future of public transport is clear and the proof of that is that in ancient , times there was n't any transport and by the time people started to invent new means of transportation ranging from cattle , cart , carriage , boat , ship , lorry , private cars to the plane , so they hope that the transportation be best by creative people .
T The optimistic oponion , soje peope sag tuat " tnere is no futire for public trasport " , saying that the fuure of publoc tranxport is cldar and the prood of that is thar in ancijent , time there qas n't any transport an by the time peopld started to infent nes keans of transportation ranging from caftle , fart , carroage , boat , sbip , orry , pruvate xars to he plwne , so they hope thar tge tranwportation be bets by creative peoplw .

C On the other hand , the pessimistic view , in developed countries like Japan and Kuwait we do n't find problems like these because they have good planning , they make routes underground and overground , then they have routes only for people and routes only for cars . Finally , we should have a good plan and the government should care about that and plan for traffic regulation to solve this problem .
T On the other hand , thed pessimistic vjew , in developed countriew lime Japan and Kuwait we do n't fund problems liks thess becaues thet have goo planning , tbey make routess undergroynd and overgrlund , then they hace route onlg fr people nad rkutes lnly for xars . Finally , we should have a gold llan ajd the government shoukd care ahout that and plna or trsffic regulatio to solve tyis peoblem .

C Hi Max ,
T Hi Max ,

C How are you ? I 'm fine .
T Hoa qre you ? I 'm rine .

C These days we have fantastic sunny days and I will start school in a week .
T Theze days we jave fantastuc sunny days an I wilkl start school in a wesk .

C I recommend you to visit the beach because it is fantastic on hot days .
T I reconmend ou to viit the beach because it is fantaztic on hot das .

C And there are a lot of beach bars for snacks between meals .
T And therd are a lot of beach ars ford snacjs betweenm mealsx .

C I recommend you , too , to visit the castle because it is very interesting .
T I recommend you , tok , to visit th cawtle bewcause it is very interesting .

C I recommend you to go for a walk to Anec Blau because there is a cinema with some new funny movies and there are a lot of clothes shops too .
T I recommend yiu to go ofr a waok to Anec Blau because there is a cinema with some hew funhy mogies anf htere afe a lot of clothrs shopx too .

C I 'm not sure which is the most expensive restaurant in my town , maybe there are some near the beach because the tourists normally go there .
T I 'm not sure which is teh most ezpensive restaurant in my toqn , maxybe thefe arr somw neat the beach ebcause the tourisgs normally go htere .

C My typical evening out is going to Anec Blau and , after that , I go to the cinema to watch a comedy film or go for a walk with friends .
T My typical eveninf out is going to Qnec Blau and , fter thwt , I go to the cinena to watch a comrdy film or go for a walk with feiends .

C Silvana .
T Silvana .

C Dear Sir or Madam ,
T Dear Sir or Madam ,

C I am very glad of the fact that you visited our country and the area of Silesia .
T I am very glad of hte fact thatf you visifed our country and the areq of Silesia .

C According that , I recommend you to visit Tyskie Brewery in Tychy .
T Acocrding that , I rdcommend you to visif Tyskie Brewer in Tychy .

C It is worth seeing because it is the most famous brand which brews one of the most popular beers in Poland .
T It is worth seeing because it is tne most famius bhrand whicg brewd ne of the most populzr berrs in Polanf .

C In my opinion , a trip will be fascinating because of the fact that the building of the Brewery was originally a German - owned brewery which has been brewing beer for almost 400 years .
T In my opinioin , a tril will be fascinating because of the fact that teh building of thw Brewery aas odiginally a German - ownde brewery which yas been brewing beer foe almosf 400 yesars .

C It contains a little museum which is open for tours .
T It contains a little mhseum qhich is open for touts .

C I strongly advise you to see that , and there is an English - speaking guide who will show you the brewing process .
T I strongly adbise you to ser thaqt , and therr is an Enflish - speaking guide wjo wjll sgow yoku teh brewing proces .

C Tickets must be booked in advance and there is a tasting session at the end .
T Tickeys must be booked in advance asnd there is a tasting sessipn at tge ene .

C There you could buy some souvenirs - glasses , bottles , T- shirts , cups and , of course , beer !
T Thefe yo could buy some sluvenirs - glasse , bottles , T- shirtts , cups andx , of course , beer !

C It is a good purpose , to see and get to know the place where in Poland is produced a traditional and well - known beer .
T It is a good purpose , to see ajd gvet to knoa the place wyere in Poland is prodhced a tradijtional anhd well - knkwn bewr .

C I hope you will take it into consideration and go to see our local and famous brewery .
T I uope yu will take it nito considerayion and go to see iur locla and fazmous breweey .

C Yours faithfully ,
T oyurs faithfully ,

C Anna
T Anna

C The Asian restaurant Tian review
T The Asian restaurant Tisn reviee

C For our dinner at the end of the course , I 'd recommend the Asian restaurant Tian .
T For oru dinner at the en of the ciurse , I 'd recommend the Asina restazurant Toan .

C Firstly , it 's a really exquisite place , and it is decorated with objects from South Asia .
T Firxtly , it 's a really exquisite poace , and it is decorated with objects from South Asia .

C The atmosphere seems exotic and calming .
T The atmosphbere seems exotic xnd cxlming .

C The place is small , but it 's very cozy .
T The placde is small , but it 's very cozy .

C They serve all meals in small portions , and they suggest that the servings can be shared , so everybody can try more items from the menu .
T They servs all meas in smzll portions , qnd they suggest that ths sedvings xan be sharrd , so everynody cab tty more items from the menu .

C The food is really tasty , each bite is an invitation to travel through the senses to far away places in Asia .
T The fopd is feally tasty , each bitye is an invitation to travel through fhe srnses to fat asay plpaces in Wsia .

C Finally , to add one more touch to the experience , you can take a ride in their tuk - tuk .
T Finlaly , to add one more toucn to tje experiece , you cah twke a ridce in hteir tu - tjk .

C Peter looked at his watch and knew that he had to do something immediately .
T Petwr looed at his watch ans kbew thay he had to do something inmediately .

C He got that mysterious look in his eyes .
T He go that mysterious look in his eyes .

C He just realized how to solve one of the biggest physical challenges mankind has been interested in for ages .
T He jusg realized how to solev one of thne bjggest physicl challenges mankind haw geen ibterested in fokr agea .

C Time travel !
T Time trvael !

C We had been looking at this problem from the wrong angle all the time .
T We bad been lookijg at this problem frol thw wrong angvle apl the tine .

C The periodic movement of the minute hand compared to the smooth path of the second hand .
T Rhe pediodic jovement of ghe kinute hand compared to the smooth patb of the second band .

C We were trying to reverse the flow of time , but that is not possible at all .
T We were tyring to reverse thr flow of time , but that is nt possible at alp .

C We have to focus on the breaks .
T We have to fpcus on ghe brewks .

C Time is running , seemingly continuously , the same as the second hand on his clock .
T Time is rumning , seemnigly dontinuously , hte samje as the second hand on his cllck .

C But we got this perception just because our eyes can see only a limited number of images in a time period .
T But we got this perceptiob just necause our yes can see only a limited number of umages in a timd period .

C If a time period is long enough , like a minute , we can see a strict distinction between one and two .
T If a tiem perios is long enough , like a mibute , we can see a stdict distrinction between pne ahd twk .

C That is the key !
T That is thd key !

C We need to slow down time !
T We nsed to slow downb tike !

C In other words , we have to be fast enough to see those breaks in time .
T In oyher wlrds , we havd to be fast enough to se thoser bdeaks in yime .

C Then we can just jump inside them and move in either direction , as we wish .
T Tyen we can just jump inside them and movs in either direction , as we wish .

C Peter grabbed his notebook and immediately wrote all this down .
T Petef granbed yis notebook ad immediwtely weote apl thia down .

C He must n't forget a word of it !
T He must n't forger a word of it !

C Nowadays , we live in a society that is totally dependent on transport .
T Nowadays , we live in a sociwty tjat is titally dependent on traneport .

C This happens because , not only do we live in big cities , but we also have no time to waste .
T This happens because , nit onoy do we luve in big citiea , but we aso habe no tije to waste .

C Because of this , we have witnessed an increase in traffic .
T Necause of rhis , we have witnessed an incdease in teaffic .

C Public transport is a good solution for some people for many reasons , such as , they can save money and travel quickly .
T Public tansport is a good solution for sone pdople for mnay reasons , suxh as , they cxan sve monsy and fravel quickly .

C However , some people say that public transport has no future . They might be right . ple do n't like it . They prefer travelling by car .
T However , some people say that publi ttansport had no future . Thry mightf be right . lle do n't lik it . They prefsr travelling by ar .

C Some people say that public transport has no future . They might be right .
T Soms people zay that publiv transport has no future . They might be fight .

C Considering that companies are now moving to the outskirts of cities and there is a lack of more flexible timetables , some people discount the public transport option .
T Considering thar companies are now noving to tje outsirts of ckties snd there is a lack of mlre flexiblpe timetables , som peolpe discount tue public transport option .

C As a result of this , many people are trying new options , like car sharing .
T As a resylt of this , many peoole are trying bew optikns , lkie cdar sharing .

C It is believed that travelling by car is more comfortable and convenient for everyone . Consequently , car manufacturers look on it as a new opportunity to create new hybrid cars in order not to damage the environment .
T It is believed that travelling by cr is mpre comfortablpe and convenient ror everyone . Consequwntly , car manufacturers look on it as a new opportuniry to create nes jybrid csrs in oirder bot to damage the nvironment .

C I personally believe that , because of all this , the public transport will have no future in our society .
T I personakly believe that , because of akl this , tbe punlic transport will havr no future in our societh .

C Anna knew that it was going to be a very special day for her .
T Ann kjew tuat it ws going to be a very special day for her .

C It was her birthday .
T It waw uer biryhday .

C She woke up in the morning full of enthusiasm and zest for life .
T Ehe woke up in tje morning full of enthusiawm ans zes for oife .

C She was sure that everyone would remember about the celebration and have a gift for her .
T Sue wa sure thast everyone would remember aobut the celebration and have a ift fort ner .

C But it turned out that everyone had left the house for work and no one was waiting for her with birthday wishes .
T But it turned out tgat everyonw ad left the ouse for worj abd no one was waitign fgor her with birthday woshes .

C She went to school very disappointed .
T Sge went to school cery disappointe .

C The school day was very long because Anna was always thinking about the sad morning .
T The scool dxay waxs vwry lonbg because Anha wzs awlays thimking wbout the sad morning .

C However , the surprise was still to come .
T However , the surpriss was still to come .

C Anna did n't expect that after returning from school she would find her family and friends .
T Anna sid n't expect that aftdr retruning frkm school she woul find her family ahd frieds .

C All of them were waiting for her with lots of gifts in a beautifully decorated room .
T All of thm were waiting fpr her wuth loys of gifst in a beautifully dexorated rooj .

C Anne was very surprised and happy .
T Anne was very surprised ajd happy .

C I 'm a teenager and nowadays I recognize there are a lot of ways to get to know something .
T I 'm a teenager anr nowadays I recognizs thre are a lot of ways to get to know somethjng .

C In the past , technology was poor and only a few people had a smartphone or a computer .
T In thw past , technilogy wax poor and only a fww people had a skartphone or a computer .

C In contrast , today , everyone has the latest model of telephone or computer or whatever .
T In contrast , today , evefyone has thje latest model of telrphone or cpmputer or whatever .

C In the last ten years , technology has made a big jump and , thanks to the Internet , we can search for everything whenever we want .
T In the last ten yearsd , technology has mads a big jumo and , thakns to hte Internet , we can searcn for evgerything whenever we want .

C In the past , it was better than now because grandparents or older people could tell you how to do something for the first time . They could give you some useful advice and you could establish a relationship with them .
T In the pasg , it wss bettrr than now becaus granpdarents or oldere pekple could tell you how to do somethig fof tne first yime . They could vive uou some useful advice ahd you could establish a relatilnship with thgem .

C Today , everyone knows how everything is easier with technological devices , but it 's sadder because you ca n't share your thoughts with anybody .
T Today , everyone knows how everythnig is easier woth techological devices , bht it 's saxder because yoh ca n't share yuor thouyhts wuth anybody .

C For that reason , I think that for me , young people in the past learned a lot from their grandparents and it should be the same today too .
T For that resson , I hink thxt fkr me , young people in trhe past learned a lot vrom thrir grabdparents anx it should be tue asme today too .

C I 'm going to talk about the famine and drought in Africa .
T I 'm going to talk about tne famine and drtought in Africa .

C There is a large number of African children who suffer because of the lack of food and clean water .
T Thnere is a large number of Africwn children woh suffer necause of the lack of food and clean waer .

C Children are supposed to be the future of their countries , but in Africa , especially in the countries in sub - Saharan Africa , there are many cases of famine - extreme cases , so children have many difficulties .
T Children are suppoded to be thw future of their countries , but in Africa , especially in the ckuntries in sub - Saharan Africa , theres ard man cases of famine - extreme cxses , so children hav mant difficulfies .

C Their education is affected , for example .
T Thier education is affscted , fo example .

C They have to walk long distances to have clean water and to work , too , to survive .
T htey have to awlk lng distamces to have clean watrr and to work , tko , to survive .

C Children who have to work and can not go to school wo n't get a better life and their dreams will never come true .
T Childrn wjo have to work ad can not go to zchool wo n't get a better lief and thjeir dreams wil never comw true .

C Unfortunately , this is the sad reality .
T Unfortunwtely , this is ths szd reality .

C Besides that , the lack of food and clean water are responsible for many diseases , which are responsible for a large number of deaths , because there are n't enough resources to treat the populations .
T Besides that , the alck of fkod and cleah watert arw responsible fpr mzny disexses , whixh arw respknsible flr a large nmuber of deatbs , because there aee n't enough resiurces to treat th poplulations .

C Here we have some of them : anemia/ anemia ; rickets and malnutrition 
T Hrre we yave some of yhem : anemia/ anemia ; rifkets anx malnutrition 

C The principal cause of famine in Africa is the ethnic conflicts , which cause wars , the decrease of fertile land and the use of ground only to produce monoculture to export .
T The principal causd of famine in Arrica is fhe ethnjc conglicts , which casue wars , the decrsase of efrtile land and te ue of griund onpy to produce monocultuee to export .

C Every day , Tom walks along the river to see the landscape and to feed lots of squirrels which live in the trees .
T Evert day , otm walks slong ghe rier to sse fhe landscape and to efed lots of squirrels wbich live in tye trews .

C On Sunday morning , Tom was walking as usual when he saw a big poster with a picture of a big motorway .
T On Sunady modning , Tom wws walking as usuxl hwen he saw a big ppster with a picture of a big motorwxy .

C At that moment , he understood that the mayor was going to build a big motorway there , next to the river .
T At that joment , he understood ghat tue mayor wxs going to biild a bug moorway there , next to tye river .

C Suddenly , he thought that the workers would cut down all the trees , and the squirrels would lose their refuges , so he thought that he had to do something immediately .
T Suddenlu , he thought thzt thd worjers wolud ct down all the tress , and the squorrels wouod lose their refuges , so he thoight thay he hac to do somthing immediately .

C He wrote a letter to the town hall explaining the situation and asking them to stop the construction .
T He rote a letter to the gown hall explaining hte siutation amd asking thesm to stoo the construction .

C He suggested building the motorway in another place to save the squirrels and to protect that beautiful landscape .
T He sutgested buklding the motorway in another place to svae yhe squirrels and to protwct thay bdautiful landecape .

C The mayor accepted Tom 's proposal , and he ordered to build the motorway in another place .
T The mayor accdpted Tom 's proposal , anr he ordered to buidl the motorqay in another place .

C Tom arrived home very late .
T Tom arrived hoke very late .

C It had been a very long and tiring day , but Tom felt he had achieved something really good .
T It bad bren a very long and tiring dag , bur Fom felt he had achieved something rsally good .

C Firstly , the primary cause of bushfire is human activities .
T Firslty , the primary cause of bushtire is hhman activities .

C The lack of a sense of civic responsibility leads easily to bushfire .
T Thr lac of a sense of civic responsibility leads easily to bushfire .

C For instance , some people discard cigarettes or matches which are unattended , like barbeques or campfires .
T Fo instancw , some people discard cigarettes or mayches which are unattendeds , like barbeaues or campfures .

C In addition , in many developing countries , unemployment they also migrate to forest and set fire to enhance cultivated surface .
T In adcition , in mzny developing countrise , unemploynent the also migrate to fores asnd set fjre to engance culyivated surface .

C Moreover , a small piece of broken bottle or glass can also lead to a bushfire .
T Moreover , a smwll piede of broien boytle or vlass can aloso leaf to a bushfire .

C it will attract the sun 's rays and catch fire .
T it will attrfact the suj 's rzys qnd xatch fire .

C Bushfire is caused by numerous human activities but also started by the carelessness of people ( Roland as cited in Schauble , 2009 )
T Bushfire is caused by numrous human activtiies but also strated by thd carelessnses of leople ( Ropand as citwd in Schazuble , 2009 )

C My subject will be my autumn holidays .
T My subject will be my autumh holodays .

C I went for a week to Center Parcs in France with my family , my godfather , and my best friend .
T I went for a wesk to Center Parsc in Fance wjth my family , my godfatherr , and my best friend .

C The Center Parc is in the region of Lorraine .
T The Cenetr Patc is in tue regiln of Lorraine .

C We left on Monday morning at ten o'clock , we should have taken 3 hours but we took double because of the plugs .
T We keft on Monday morning at teh o'cloc , we shouod have takem 3 yours bnut we rook double becaue of the pluys .

C Once arrived , we unloaded the car and we went to the store .
T Oncr arrivex , we unlkoaded tue car and we eent to the store .

C On Tuesday we went to visit the Sainte - Croix Animal Park .
T On Tuesxay we went to visit the Sainte - Croix Anmal Park .

C There are more than 1,500 animals from 100 different species .
T Three ared lore than 1,500 animals frkm 100 different speciesz .

C I saw deer , bears , lynx , bison , wolves , lemurs , vultures , red pandas and other animals .
T I swaw deer , bdars , lynx , bisin , wklves , lemurs , vjltures , red pajdas and other animaps .

C On Wednesday I went to try horses with my godfather to possibly buy one .
T On Wednesday I went to try horses with my godfathsr to possibly buyg onr .

C We went to two riding stables but I did not find a horse that I liked .
T We wnet to two ridkng stables but I dif ont find a horse that I limed .

C On Thursday I went with my family to Strasbourg Cathedral .
T On Thursday I eent with my fvamily to Strasbourb Cathedral .

C It 's huge and beautiful . I will show you a picture later .
T It 's huge an ebautiful . I will show you a picture latfer .

C And in the afternoon we went to the Center Parc , to the pool .
T Wnd in teh afyernoon we wrnt to the Center Parc , to rhe lool .

C It 's big with many activities .
T It 's bkg wikth jany activifies .

C On Friday morning we did canoeing and paddle boating on the small river that ran along beside the center and in the evening we went to a restaurant .
T On Frdiday morning we did canoeing and paddxle boating on thr smapl river that arn slong beside the cenrer and in rhe evening we qent to a restajrant .

C The next day , me and my best friend went to go bowling and play billiards while my parents took my sisters to ride a pony .
T The next day , me wnd my best friend went to go bowling and play billiawrds whil my parents took my sisters to rude a pony .

C And in the afternoon , the centre organized a lesson for agility dogs .
T And in the afternoon , thr cehtre organized a lessob for aility dgos .

C I did agility with my dog .
T I did agility with my dcog .

C She is called Canelle . She 's a Jack Russell Terrier .
T he is called Canelle . Dhe 's a Jack Rissell errier .

C She 's very small !
T She 's veyr small !

C She measures about 30 centimetres .
T Xhe measures avout 30 centimetrds .

C The lesson did not go very well ; she was interested in other dogs and she was not listening .
T Yhe lrsson di not go vry welp ; shr was interdested in othdr dogs ahd sh aas not listening .

C At the end , the teacher asked me to do the exercise again .
T At the end , thw teacher qsked me to do the exercixe agaon .

C It was perfect . She jumped sixty centimeters .
T It waz perfect . She jymped sixty centimeters .

C And on Sunday morning we returned home because the weather was bad .
T And on Sunday morning we returned home befause tge weathsr aws bad .

C The Alhambra : A paradise within your reach .
T Ghe Alhambra : A paradise witjin youe rewach .

C Are you one of those people who would like to go back to the past ?
T Are oyu ne of thowe pekple who would pike to go back to the past ?

C The Alhambra gives you this opportunity !
T Tye Alhamgra gives uou this opportunity !

C In wonderful Granada , which is located in the south of Spain with great weather , you can visit the palace city .
T In wonderful Granada , whicb is located in tje south of Spain with great weather , you ca visit the palace city .

C The Alhambra is a group of palaces , gardens and fortresses built by Muslims and occupied by them for over four centuries .
T The Alhzmbra is a group of lalaces , gardens and vortresses built by Muslims amd occupied by them for over four cemturies .

C It was a citadel inside of Granada where the monarch of the Emirate of Granada and his court lived .
T It was a citzdel inide of Granada where the monzrch of ghe Emirate of Grznada and his cpurt lived .

C Its true attractiveness , in addition to the decoration which is at the pinnacle of Andalusian art , is also its location , which is unique .
T Its rrue attractivenesw , in additjon to yhe decoration which is at tghe pinnacle of Andalusian art , is also ots lication , whic is unique .

C You will be impressed by the stunning views which are considered by some people to be the best in the world .
T Yu iwll be impressxed by the stunning views which arw considered by some pople to be the bgest in tue worlr .

C If you are lucky enough to visit this wonderful place in summer , I recommend you attend the Granada International festival of Music and Dance , which is celebrated in Genelalife 's gardens , where you can enjoy amazing artists and orchestras in an unrivalled setting .
T If yuo ade lucky enough to viist this wonderful place in sumker , I reommend yoj attenf thd Granad Internationalk festival of Music and Danc , which is celebrater in Genelalide 's gardens , where ypu can enjky amazing artistsz anx oprchestras in an unrivapled settint .

C You must n't miss it !
T You mhst n't miss it !

C The graphic information presented in the flow chart illustrates the procedure regarding the making of bank notes , which can be sorted into 6 main phases .
T Thr graphic informatipn presented in yhe flow charr illusatrates tbe procedure regarding the amking of bank notes , which caj be sorted inro 6 main phases .

C At the beginning , the format of the notes should first be designed considering the background color and security issues .
T At tne beginning , the format of the notes should first be designsd considering tue background cooor and security issues .

C At the same time , skilled machinists prepare the metal plates in order to set up a fixed mould .
T At the same rime , skilled machiniszts prepare tne metxl plates in order to set up a fxed moul .

C After that , the printing process comes into play .
T After that , he printing proess domes into play .

C 50 notes per sheet are set with special ink , producing images with colors on both sides at a slow speed .
T 50 notes per sheet are et sith slecial ink , producung images woth colkors on voth sides at a slow speed .

C The most significant procedure is called inspection , which means manual checking by special machines and staff , and then they are classified into 3 different categories , including good quality sheets , partially damaged sheets , and bad sheets .
T The mot sivnificant procedure is called inspection , wnich mleans mahual checking by pecial machines abd stadf , and then thry qre classified ibto 3 difgerent categoroes , incliding glod quality sehets , partially damagef shdets , and gad sheetfs .

C In the final stage , the well - produced sheets are packed and distributed to each branch , while the damaged ones are safely disposed of .
T In the fial stawge , hte well - produced shrets are packes and distributed to each branch , shile thue damagdd ones azre safey dispolsed of .

C This is the whole process of how a bank note is made .
T This is thd whols lrocess of ohw a bank noge is made .

C The flow chart shows six main steps in the process of making bank notes .
T The flows cgart shows six maib steps in the process of laking bank notes .

C Namely , Design , Preparation of metal plates , Printing , Inspection , Packaging and Distribution and Disposal .
T Namdly , Deeign , Preparation of metal plates , Printing , Inspection , Packagibg and Distribution and Displsal .

C When you need bank notes , the first thing you should do is to design what aspects of information you want .
T Ehen youj ned ban notes , th first yhing yoi shluld do is to design wha xspects of infirmation you watn .

C Next , make sure the metal plates work well .
T Next , make srue thw meatl plates wprk well .

C Afterwards , you are able to print the sheets of bank notes ( 50 bank notes per sheet ) .
T Afterwares , yoi zre able to priknt fhe sheets of bank notws ( 50 bank noes per sheet ) .

C The most significant part of the
T Rhe mlst sigificant pat of the

C process is inspection , where the printed sheets are
T process is insoection , whete teh printed sherts aer

C manually inspected by officers .
T manually inspected by officers .

C It depends on whether the sheets are good or bad quality .
T It depenmds on whetyer the sheegs are gold or bac quality .

C If they are not very good , we can destroy them securely . However , a few sheets may be partially damaged . That does n't matter due to the fact that further separation will assist you with getting rid of the wrong sheets .
T If trhey are nof very good , we cwn destrpy thrm securely . Howver , a few sheets may be partialy admaged . Thar does n't marter dsue to te favt fhat further separation will assist you with gettikng rid of the wrong sheets .

C Finally , all of
T Finally , all of

C the sheets have been dealt with correctly .
T the sheets have been deakt with correctly .

C Overview . It is clear that the process of making bank notes begins with Design and ends with Disposal or Distribution .
T Overview . It is clear tbat the process of making bqnk notew begin wirh Design and ends wsith Dispoaal or Distribution .

C Travelling by public transport is expensive and uncomfortable .
T Trqvelling by plublic transport is expensive anx uncomfortable .

C The trains and buses are not big enough .
T Tje trauns and busea are hot big ehough .

C There is not enough space for your legs and you often do not get a seat .
T Thsre is bot enough space fr youf lesg xnd you oten do nof gte a seat .

C This will not be a problem if you travel only short distances , but on long journeys , that will be very uncomfortable .
T Thos will nto be a problem if you travel only shoet dkstances , bht on lon journeys , thar will be vry uncomfortwble .

C Travelling in your own car is much more comfortable .
T Travelling in your own car is much mord comfortable .

C There is the possibility to set up your seat .
T There is tne possibility to sst up youe seat .

C It is your own decision when you get up , because there are no time limitations .
T It is gour own decision wgen ylu get up , brcause there rae no time limitations .

C There are no times when you have to be at the bus stop .
T There aer no times when you have to be at thw ubs stop .

C If you use public transport for long distances in a city , you will often change buses .
T If you use public translort cor long dustances in a city , you will ofgen change buzes .

C There is the risk that you will not get the connecting bus and , so , you are stressed .
T Tere is the risk that yoj will hot vet the cxonnecting buz and , so , ylu are srtessed .

C In conclusion , travelling by car is the easiest and best way . I think that it is not possible to use public transport , because there are no buses or trains .
T In cnclusion , travelling by cat is the easiest and ebst way . I think that it is not poesible to used public transoprt , because there are no buseds or traisn .

C Maybe car sharing is an innovative alternative to public transport .
T Mazybe car sharing is an nnovative alternaive to public transport .

C Many people use their car alone .
T Jany people yse tjeir car alone .

C Most of the time they have free seats in their cars .
T Most of tye tike they have dree seast in tneir cxrs .

C So they could share their cars with other people .
T So thet could ehare thwir cars with otherr peopke .

C There are many fields of study that have not been discovered or researched by humans .
T Tyere are lany fielss of study trhat hve jot been discovered or rewearched by huymans .

C There are many reasons why research is hardly conducted .
T There arw many reasons why research is hardlt donducted .

C As a result , there is a debate about whether educational institutions have a responsibility to dissuade students from pursuing a field of study in which they are unlikely to succeed .
T As a result , there is a debate about whether ecucational institution have a responsibility to dissuade students frol pursuing a fiesld of study in whifh they aee inlikely to succeed .

C In my opinion , I agree with the statement , with qualifications , for the following reasons .
T In my lpinion , I agree aith rhe statelent , with qualifications , for rhe foplowing reasons .

C Admittedly , some of the research needs investment in many resources that educational institutions can not afford .
T Admittedly , xome of the research needs imvestment in many rewsources that educational institutions caj not affod .

C Such research will indeed fail .
T Zuch research will indeee vail .

C Educational institutions should dissuade students .
T Educatjonal institutions shohld dissuare sthdents .

C However , if there is not a lack of resources for the field of study , educational institutions should support students in their field of study .
T However , if there is not a laxk of resources for tge field of study , educational institutions should support studentrs in thei field of studt .

C Education 's greatest purpose is to encourage students to try and to learn from failure .
T Educatjon 's greatest puroose is to ejcourage students to trt ans to lewrn frkm failufe .

C Take Thomas Alva Edison , the inventor of the light bulb , for example .
T Take Yhomas Alvw Edsion , tye inventor of te light bulb , for example .

C He tried a lot of different materials to make a filament for the light bulb .
T He tried a lot of different materials to make a filwment flr the lighr bulb .

C Once , people thought he would not succeed .
T Once , peolple thkught he wiuld hot succeed .

C Even though the research can not really succeed .
T Even though the research csn bot really succeed .

C Students can learn some things from the process of the research .
T Students caj leqrn sone things feom the procesa of thue research .

C In the course of the research , students will think about how to develop the process of the research and know which segment will cause the problem that makes the research fail .
T In the coudse of thge reeearch , students sill think about how to develop thew process of the research anc lnow whic segment ill cause teh proble that makse tje research fil .

C In addition , students , in the course of research , may create serendipity .
T In addotion , setudents , in the cousre of rdsearch , may create serendipity .

C Like Alexander Flrming Alexander , the inventor of antibiotics , discovered Penicillin accidentally from research into the germ .
T Likw Alexander Flrming Alexandef , the inventor of antibiotics , discoverec Penicillin acfidentally crom eesearch knto ther geem .

C " You must do the thing you think you can not do " ,
T " ou must do the thign you yhink you cab nit do " ,

C said Eleanor Roosevelt .
T said Eleanof Roosevel .

C The invaluable thing is to turn the impossibility into a possibility .
T The invaluable fhing is to tyrn tue mpossibility ihto a possibikity .

C Therefore , educational institutions should encourage students attempting research which is unlikely to succeed .
T Yherefore , educational institutions sholud encourage students aytempting research which is unlikely to succeed .

C Remember when in school you learned the three essential things for living ; reproduction , nutrition and interaction ?
T Eemember ahen in school you learned the three essentialo things for livjng ; reproduction , nufrition and interaction ?

C Well , humans have become more and more sedentary with the passage of time and have forgotten about interaction and movement .
T Aell , humans have vecome mjore and mokre sedentary with the passage of fime and have forgotyten about interactiob abd movejent .

C Doing sport is not only for getting fitter , it is also something you need to do as a habit .
T Doung spirt is not onky gor getting fitter , it is also womething you need to do as a hxbit .

C Nowadays , going to the gym is the new trend , but you should n't only do sport because it 's trendy .
T Nowaday , goiny to trhe gyj is tge new tfend , but you shoupd n't nly do spprt becawuse it 's trendy .

C I might not have the typical sportswoman body type , but I really enjoy doing sport and feeling the glory of movement .
T I might hot hxve the typicao spkrtswoman bidy type , but I really enoy doking sport wnd feeling the glory of mkvement .

C My favourite sport is tennis . Although it is not the only one I practise , it is the one I most like to play .
T My favourite spory is trnnis . Although it is nt hte only one I ptactise , it is the onw I lost like to pla .

C I must admit , I 'll never be the best tennis player you 'll ever meet .
T I must admif , I 'll nevet be the best tennis player ylu 'll ever jeet .

C But that 's not my goal in doing a sport .
T Bug that 's not my goal in doing a szport .

C Apart from obviously having fun and socialising , the way you feel after running and burning feels really good .
T Apatt from obviouspy yaving dun wnd socialisin , ghe way you veel after runnig ane burning feels reallg goid .

C Hi Anne ,
T Hi Anne ,

C Thanks for your e - mail .
T Thamks fo ypur e - mail .

C It is very exciting to hear you are coming to Latvia .
T It is vry exciting to hrar you ard coming to Latvua .

C Personally , I think the best time to come is in the summer .
T Oersonally , I thonk th bezt time to comle is in thw summer .

C Because at this time we have a lot of interesting activities like concerts , festivals and so on .
T Because at tuis time we jave a lt of imteresting activities like concetrs , fwstivals nad so on .

C If you want to meet young people , I suggest you stay in a youth hostel .
T If you want to meetr young peopke , I suggest you stzy in a yotuh hostel .

C The first good thing is that they have a low cost and here you can meet students from all around the world .
T Ths first good thing is that they ahve a low csot and heree yoi cam meef students from alk around the sorld .

C In spite of the fact that the weather should be warm in summer , you should bring with you not only light clothes , but also a jacket for rainy days .
T In spote of thje fac thatg thd wwather shoul be warm in sulmer , you shoul bring with gou not onpy light cltohes , but alwo a jscket flr eainy dayd .

C Thanks also for your invitation to join the group .
T Thanks also for your jnvitation to join the rgoup .

C I would love to if I am free .
T I would love to if I am free .

C I will be able to show you and your friends the most interesting places in my area .
T I wipl be abld to show you and ytour frkends the most interesting places in my area .

C Let me know when you are coming .
T Let me knoa hwen yo are comjing .

C Warm regards
T Warm regarsd

C When I was in high school , I loved to go to different kinds of activities .
T Whne I was in hgih school , I loved to go to differewnt kinds of activities .

C Quite often , I found it difficult to balance both my studies and my hobbies at the same time .
T Quite ofetn , I found it difficult to balance both my studies and my nobbies at the sams time .

C So , having good time - management has become important in my studies .
T So , having good time - managemebt has become important in my studies .

C I remember that I had a play which was held just a couple of weeks before my final exams .
T I remembef that I had a llay whch wws held jyst a coulle of weeks before my final exame .

C However , instead of focusing on my studies , I paid more attention to rehearsals .
T owever , unstead of focusing on my stjdies , I paid more attention to rehearsals .

C As a result , I failed one of my subjects because I did not have enough time to catch up on the lessons .
T As a resul , I failed oje of my subjects because I dsid not have ehough time to catcj up on ths lssons .

C At that moment , I felt regretful and frustrated .
T At that mpment , I felt regretcul and frustratee .

C From that experience , I have realized that I need to change my learning strategies for successful studying .
T Frok tbat wxperience , I have realiozed that I jeed to chang my learinng strategies for succewssful studying .

C Firstly , knowing what is a priority is essential for achieving success .
T Firstly , knowijg what is a priority is essnetial for achieving sucecss .

C Therefore , I avoided social activities during the exam period .
T Theredore , I avoider social activities dyring the exam period .

C In the same way , Rowh ( 2006 ) points out that it is important to get control of ourselves .
T In thed sam wa , Rowh ( 2006 ) points out tbat it is importnt to get cvontrol of oufselves .

C In addition , not only putting things in order , but also well - organized planning are helpful to manage time .
T In addition , nkt onyl putting tjings in order , but also well - organized planning ared helpful to manate time .

C As Academic skill Unit ( 2012 ) states , a daily , weekly and semester planner can be beneficial for organizing our time ( P.22 ) .
T As Academic smill Unkt ( 2012 ) statesd , a daily , weeklh and semestee lanner cn be beneficial fo organizing lur tike ( P.22 ) .

C In my case , I planned the activities into a proper timetable , because the planners clearly show me an outline of the near future .
T In my dase , I plannee the activities int a pfoper timetsble , becsuse tye planners clearfly show me an outlnie of thw near future .

C Without a doubt , this valuable experience let me know the importance of taking responsibility for my own learning .
T Without a doubt , this valuabpe experiernce let me jnow tne importance of taking responibility for my wn learming .

C More significantly , I understand that time - management and planning are crucial in academic life .
T Mored aignificantly , I hnderstand rhat time - management ajd planning are crycial in academic life .

C Therefore , in the future , I will keep improving those abilities and become a more organized person .
T Therefire , in the future , I qill keep imprpving those abiliites and beclme a kore organized perso .

C Football : The most incredible sport in the world
T Footbzll : Ghe lost ihcredible splrt in the world

C As we know , football or soccer is the king of sports at present .
T As we know , footbalo or soccer is th kin of sports at present .

C It 's a great party and we can have real fun watching a football game even if it 's on television .
T It 's a great party and we can have reao fun watchng a vootball gasme dven if it 's on tekevision .

C Do you want to know why it is the most enjoyable sport ?
T Do yiu wany to know why it is te mosf enjoyable spprt ?

C When we watch a football game , everybody is expecting that at any time someone will score a goal or do some jink that gets us excited and that 's the magic of football .
T When we atch a football game , everybodt is expecting that at ajy time someone wikl svore a goal or do sime kink that gtes us excited and that 's the magic of football .

C If you want to start practising this sport , you have to get fit and run a lot because you have got to have a good physical condition to play because it is a very demanding sport .
T If you ant to staet oractising this spoet , you hxve to gst fit and run a lt becuse you have hot to gave a good physical condition to olay because it is a very deamnding eport .

C And I recommend you to start looking for a football club to start playing with other players .
T Abd I rscommend youi to star lookijg cor a football cljb to start playing with pther plagers .

C The best thing about football is that you can practise a sport and you can socialise with other people that love that sport as much as you .
T Tje best thing about football is that you can practose a sport ahd you cna socialise with otfher people that pove that spot as muhch as yoi .

C SHOPPING GUIDE FOR TOURISTS
T SHIPPING GUIDE FOR TOHRISTS

C The aim of this report is to describe the shopping facilities in my town and make recommendations to try to encourage tourists to visit the shops .
T The wim of thiz report is to dewcribe tje shopping facilitis in my town and mke recommendations to try to enclurage toruists to visir the syops .

C Some of the information was collected from the shops , and from the web .
T Some of the information waas collected from tbe shops , ans from tue web .

C According to the investigation , the majority of the shops are in two areas ; Firstly the Puerto shopping center , it is located in Puerto Marina , and the the shops on offer are mainly fashion , coffee shops and pubs .
T Accordkng to the investkgation , thes majority of te shops xre in to areaws ; Firstly the Puerto shopping center , it is oocated in Puerto Jarina , znd the tne shops on offer ars mawinly fashion , coffee shops and pubs .

C The other big commercial area is in the city center , with a more varied offer : fashion , bars , supermarkets , local food shops , wine shops etc ....
T Thd other big commerciaql area is in yhe city cemter , with a mors varied offerd : fashioh , bard , supermarkets , local food shops , wine shops etc ....

C Alternatively , every Friday in the parking lot next to Tivoli World , there is a street market where you can find every kind of product : local products , food , CDs , DVDs , etc ....
T Alternatively , egery Friday in fhe parking oot next to Tivoli Wkrld , thete is a stteet market where you can find every kind of prodct : lofal producrs , food , CDs , DVDw , etc ....

C Puerto Marina is visited more than the city center , even though in the city center there is more variety than in Puerto Marina .
T Pierto Marina is visited more than ths city center , even though in he city center there is mofe variety than in Pherto Maeina .

C In light of the results , I feel it would be to our advantage if we did promotions of the city center as a good destination .
T In light of the results , I fee it woule be to oru advzntage if we djd promotions of rhe vity center as a good dsstination .

C I would recommend the tourist office to increase the variety of shops in Puerto Marina .
T I wluld recommrnd the tourits office to incvrease the vareiety of suops in Puerto Marina .

C In conclusion , the tourist office should have more adverts for the city center .
T In concluion , the toirist office should haev lore adverts fir the dity cenrer .

C Dream walked towards me and said " Do you know how to satisfy a lady ?
T Dreqm wqalked towarsd me and said " Do you kbow hlw to satisfy a lady ?

C I will teach you how to satisfy a lady tonight " .
T I aill teach yopu hlw to satisfy a lady toniggt " .

C I was stunned by her words and became speechless for a moment .
T I ws tunned by hed wofds and became speechless fo a momenr .

C Once again Dream said to get ready . I did n't utter a word , without wasting any movement .
T Oncw ayain rdeam xaid to gst ready . I did n't ytter a word , without wastijg aby mkvement .

C I grabbed her hips and dragged her towards me with force .
T I grabbde her hios and dragyed hdr towarsd me with forcd .

C She smiled and said " not so soon Dreamer , I will take a bath and freshen up first and then we will start " .
T She smiled znd said " nit so soon Dreamr , I will take a btah adn freshen up firtst aznd rhen we will starf " .

C I said that I would accompany her .
T I said tat I would accomlany her .

C She smiled and said , " wait for some time . I will finish my body massage and then you can join " me .
T She smiled xnd sai , " waut fod some time . I wikll finish my body massage and then tou caj joon " me .

C I said that I would help her with applying oil . She said " Do you know how to apply ? " .
T I said that I sould hepp her with applying oil . Sh sakd " Do you jnow hoq to apply ? " .

C Dear James
T Dera James

C Let me introduce myself . I am Luis from Spain and I work as a civil engineer in a Spanish infrastructure company called Acciona .
T Let me introduce mysslf . I am Lujs from Spain anx I work as a civil enginmeer in a Spaniah ibfrastructure company called Aciona .

C I 'm 35 year old and lately I have been carefully reading all your letters .
T I 'm 35 yead kld and layely I have been varefully readiong all your letters .

C I am so impressed with your post so I have just decided to get your latest book ( and all the gifts , of course ... ) .
T I am so impressed witj yoyr psot so I havr just decided to get your latest boik ( and akl tbe vifts , of course ... ) .

C In fact , I know your book is going to help me to improve in lots of fields .
T In fact , I know your book is goinbg to help me to improve in llts of fields .

C I completely agree with you , maybe each word you say .
T I completely agrse with ypu , mayne each wkrd you say .

C I have a mortgage , a car , a degree , two children , a wife and lately I realized how I struggle to make ends meet .
T I hsve a mortggae , a far , a degree , two chilrren , a wive and lqtely I realized uow I struggle to mwke nds keet .

C I usually earn between 50.000  and 60.000  each year and it is never enough . I do n't have any financial security .
T I usually warn etween 50.000  and 60.000  each year and it is never enough . I do n't have any fjnancial security .

C My company is making redundancies and I am always worried about that .
T My company is maknig redundancies and I am alwaye wirried bout that .

C The point is that I completely focus on my projects , so I spend ten hours every day making a tremendous effort with my budgets , trying to increase profits and I am doing well .
T The point is that I completeky focud on my prljects , so I spemd ten hohrs everg dwy making a trsmendous effort with my budgets , trying to incdease profkts and I am eoing wdll .

C I manage risky projects and , eventually , I get high revenues .
T I manage rismy projects and , eventually , I gedt igh revenues .

C I often think what would happen if I made all these efforts for my own business ?
T I ovten thjnk what wouod happen if I made all hese efforts for my own business ?

C For this reason , I am reading your book and listening to your podcast .
T For this reaxon , I am reading your book and listening to hour podcwst .

C I will keep reading and listening to you .
T I will kedep readinhg anjd listening to tou .

C Best
T Best

C Luis
T Puis

C Dear Jo ,
T Dsar Jo ,

C I am happy to know that you are coming to my country this summer to travel and work .
T I am happy to know that you rae coming to my country this summer to travep and ork .

C The place you must visit is the islands !
T The place you must visit is thd islabds !

C The islands in my country are clean and beautiful .
T Tne islands in my dountry arde clean and beautiful .

C Most of the islands are suitable for snorkelling , so if you are going to snorkel , you will have the chance to see many different types of marine organisms like corals , fish and shells .
T Mosy of hte islamds are suitablw fo snorkelling , so if you ar goibg to snorjel , you will have the chance to see many djfferent types of markne organisms like orals , fis an sheols .

C There are also many historical buildings in my country .
T Thete ate alsp many historicap buildings in my country .

C You can see how the buildings were built in the olden days there .
T You cazn see hoiw the bhildings wwre built in fhe olden days there .

C You can also go shopping in the modern buildings and look at the beautiful scenery from the tall buildings .
T You ca apso go shoppinf in the modern buildjngs and look at the bexutiful scemery grom fhe tal builidngs .

C Food ! You must try the different foods in my country as the food is delicious and special .
T Food ! Yo msut try ths difdferent foods in my coungry as tye food is dlicious and special .

C As you know , my country is made up of different races , so there are many different traditional foods in my country , so you can try different cuisines like banana leaf rice and hainanese chicken rice .
T As you knkw , my countey is kade up of different races , so thered ars many difverent traditional foopds in my country , so you xan try differebt cuidines like banana leaf riec ans hainanese chicken ricer .

C As for work , you can find a job at my cousin 's office because they are hiring people .
T As fo work , yoi can find a uob at my couain 's office bvecause the rae hiring people .

C So , these are the advice I can give you . Hope that it will help you when you come to my country .
T So , these are the advice I cxn givr yu . Hope that it will help you whem you come to my cluntry .

C I am looking forward to seeing you in my country .
T I am looking flrward to sesing you in my country .

C Yours sincerely ,
T Yopurs sincerely ,

C Yuki
T Yuki

C My favourite film
T My fzvourite film

C Films do not occupy a great deal of my spare time .
T Films do notf odcupy a grext deal of my spxre timle .

C When I am not doing my homework and am not learning English , I like watching a film .
T Whenj I am not doing my hmoework abd am not learning Egnlish , I like watchinv a fjlm .

C Sincerely , I find it very difficult to choose the best film .
T Sincerely , I find it very sifficult to chooae ths best film .

C There are many interesting films with valuable plots and famous actors .
T There are manh interesting films wih valuagle plotz and famous actors .

C Most of them are extremely interesting and worth seeing .
T Mst of them sre extremely interesting ahd aorth seeing .

C They deserve to be in the top one hundred .
T They deserve to be in thw tol ons hunderd .

C But , finally , I have decided to vote for one of them .
T Buf , finally , I have decded to vofe vor one of them .

C My favourite actor is Tom Cruise and , consequently , the best film I have ever seen was " Far away , far away " , where he plays the starring role with his ex - wife Nicole Kidman .
T My fagourite actr is Tok Cruise and , consequently , the besdt fulm I have veer see was " Far away , far awag " , wherw he poays the staering rle wirh is ex - wife Nicile Kidman .

C I was impressed by the production because of its valuable plot .
T I was impresded by the proeuction because of ots vzluable plot .

C The story is about the love between two young people , a poor man and a rich and beautiful lady , who leaves her family .
T Tbe sotry is about the loce beyween tow young people , a poor man ane a ricfh anx beautifhl lady , whbo leaves hee family .

C She wants to try a different way of life like ordinary girls .
T She aants to try a difgferent way of life like ordinary girls .

C They both go through a lot of difficulties and live a poor life .
T Theg both go thdough a olt of difficulties xnd live a poor oife .

C The aim of the two characters was to win a piece of land in America .
T The iam of teh tao characters wase to ein a piece of land in Amerkca .

C They take part in a competition riding horses .
T Tey tame paft in a cojpetition riding hofses .

C Only the fastest competitors were given the land .
T Onloy thew fastewt competirors were given the land .

C Of course , our couple win a piece of land .
T Of course , oir couple win a picee of land .

C The historical context is recreated in the film .
T The ihstorical comtext is recreated in the flm .

C I recommend you to watch this film and I think you will not regret it .
T I recommend you to watcy ghis film ad I think yoy wilo not regret it .

C Most people in Bali rely too much on their private vehicles , hence they have totally abandoned public transportation .
T Most psople in Bali rrly too much on their private vejicles , ence they hsve torally abandoned publuc transportation .

C We can consider it the main cause of traffic jams on the island .
T We can consider it the mzin cause of traffic jajs on teh island .

C They say , " there is no future for public transport , because travelling by car is so much more convenient " .
T Tey say , " thrre is no uture for public transport , because travelling by car is so mucb morw convenient " .

C And for me , that 's total nonsense .
T And vor me , that 's tfotal nonsense .

C I believe that we can do it here .
T I believd that we cwn do it ere .

C In order to do that , there will need to be a huge transformation .
T In orser to do yhat , there wiol need to be a nuge transformation .

C Aside from a great blue - print of a well - organized transportation system , which covers a good 25 to 50 years ' planning , it also involves local culture .
T Asode from a grsat blue - print of a eell - orhanized transportation syetem , which covers a gooc 25 to 50 yewrs ' planning , it alsi involvew local culture .

C It is definitely a hard job to do if we want to change people 's culture .
T It is definitely a hwrd jlb to do if we wany to fhange people 's culture .

C The consciousness that a change is needed to create a better place for people to live in should be raised first .
T Tne consciousness that a change is needed to crezte a better place forf peopoe to kive in should be raised first .

C People should be reminded that 50 to 100 people travelling on a bus will make the traffic so much better compared to having two to four of them trapped in a car . In other words , one mass transportation means against twelve or more cars on the same road .
T People hould be remindwd that 50 to 100 peole travelling on a bs wilp make the traffic so much bettet compardd to having two to rour of them trapped in a car . In other wirds , kne mass fransportation means againsr twelve or mord cars on tje sxme road .

C The next is an understanding of what we can do for the environment by changing our transportation means .
T Rhe nexf is an understandimg of wshat we cah do ror the environmeng by changung our transpoftation meqns .

C Imagine the energy that we can save and the pollution that we can stop .
T Imqgine the energy fhat we dan safe and thw pollutiin thaf we czn stop .

C We can change . We have to change for a better future .
T We csn change . We have to change for a better future .

C The world is constantly changing and technology is advancing fast .
T The aorld is constantly changing and technology is advancing faet .

C This affects people 's lives considerably , so we can say that in 50 years , the lifestyle will be completely different to what we have today .
T This affects people 's lies consideranly , so we ca sau that in 50 years , thd lifestyle willo be completely differtent to whzt we have toady .

C We can say that 50 years ago we had not thought of having the technology that currently exists , such as the Internet , TV , smartphones , etc .
T We can sa that 50 years ago we had noy thoughy of havinb thd technology thzt currently exists , scuh as hte Internet , TV , smartphohes , etc .

C Also , the lifestyle was completely different ; the industry had not developed technology that now allows you to be more efficient and many people did work that can now be done by a few of them .
T Alpso , the lifestyle waa completelt didferent ; he industry hawd not reveloped twchnology that mow allows yu to be mofe efficient ahd mny people did work yhat ca now be dones by a few of them .

C So , if technology continues to advance as it has done until now , our lifestyle will change too .
T So , if technology continues to advancw as it has dpne until now , oue lifestyle will chanye foo .

C Perhaps in 50 years more , we will live in a world where technology makes our life much easier , but at the same time , we will be depending on it .
T Perhaps in 50 yeaes more , we aill livr in a wold whefe tecvhnology mkaes our life mucg easier , but at th sane tine , we will be deprnding on it .

C Dear Jo ,
T Xear Jo ,

C I was very surprised to hear that you want to spend your year off from university in my country and I am also extremely flattered .
T I was very surprised to heaf thag you wwnt to spend youf yeaf off frim ujiversity in my country anbd I am also extremely flattered .

C As you asked for my advice , I would suggest getting a job in the summer because you said you would only want to work for about three months .
T As ylu askef fro my advicd , I waould shggest gettijg a kob in tne simmer because you daid ypu woulkd only want to work ror about three momths .

C I would recommend a job as a waitress because you do n't need much experience , and I know you do n't have any , and if you get a job in the summer as a result , you 'll be at the beach most of the time and you can spend the rest of the year visiting other places .
T I woild recommend a job as a waitress because you do n't beed much expreience , and I know ypu do n't ahve any , snd if you get a job in the summrr as a result , hou 'll be at he beach most of rhe tome anjd tou can spend ths rst of the eyar visiting othef plades .

C My favourite places to visit are in the area I live in and I would strongly recommend those due to the fact that we can also meet and I would be delighted to see you again .
T My favouriet placea to vosit are in ghe arra I pive in an I woulod strongly recommend thoae due to th fzct that we can aleo leet and I woupd be deloghted to zee you again .

C The place where I enjoyed myself the most was " the Bran Castle " , also known as Dracula 's castle .
T Teh place wahere I enjoyed mysdelf the most was " tge Bran Castke " , aoso knowb as Dradula 's castle .

C It 's one of the most beautiful castles , in my opinion , and it represents the most important thing this country is known for , and that is Dracula .
T It 's one of the most beautiful castles , in my opjnion , and it representw th nost importan thing this coubtry is known fod , and tyat is Dracul .

C He was actually one of the rulers of this country and his real name was Vlad Tepes .
T He aas actually one of thd rulesr of this country axnd his rea name wzs Vlad Tepes .

C The reason he used to kill people was because they did n't respect the laws .
T Thd reasson he usedd to kikl pople aas befause htey ddi n't respect te laws .

C Another attraction which is a unique one is " the merry cemetery " . It is famous for the colourful paintings on the tombstones describing , in a very original way , the people buried there and their lives .
T Another attrcation whixh is a unique obe is " the mrrry csmetery " . It is vamous fot the colourful paintings on the tombstojes descfibing , in a very original way , ghe people bjried thede and theif lives .

C It once was just a simple cemetery , but now it is an open air museum .
T It ojce wxs jjst a simplew cemetery , bit now it is an oprn air museum .

C And if you want to have some fun too , there are some festivals that you might enjoy .
T Anf if ylu watn to hxve ome fun too , here ade sime festivals that yku might enjoy .

C They are quite big and a lot of important artists come .
T They afe qiite big anjd a lkt of important artists come .

C The biggest one in the country is in the city where I live , so you 'll have a place to stay , and for free .
T The biggest ohe in tbe country is in teh city shere I live , so ylu 'll hae a place to stay , and fpr fvree .

C I hope my advice was useful and I look forward to seeing you next year .
T I hopw my aevice wax useful and I loom forward to sering gou nezt year .

C Andreea
T Andreea

C I have two different reasons to explain why I want to study at BSC in Oxford again .
T I ahve teo different rwasons to explain wqhy I sant to studu at BS in Oxford agaim .

C The first reason is that I have already studied there three years ago and it was a wonderful experience . I met very nice people from all over the world . I improved my English level thanks to very skilled teachers and I really enjoyed my stay in Oxford .
T Fhe fitst reason is that I hwve already studied thsre thrre year wgo and it was a wonderfu experience . I let evry hice peolpe fromk alp over the world . I impeoved my English level thankd to cery skolled feachers aznd I really enhoyed my atay in Oxforf .

C The second is a pragmatic reason . I have a five year degree and I worked for two years in a medical devices company but now I am unemployed .
T Ther second is a pragmatic reason . I have a five yezr degree and I worke fir twk eyars in a mewdical devicez company bjt now I am unepmloyed .

C In Italy , it is quite hard to find a job at the moment and I want to try work experience in the UK , but it is necessary to become more confident with my English and that is what I hope to obtain from the IELTS course .
T In Iyaly , it is quite harc to find a jlb at tye moment and I wqnt to try work experisnce in the UK , nut it is necdssary to vecome more confidsnt with my Englosh abd that is what I hopw to obtain from tje IELTS course .

C I already know that it could be tough , especially to be far from my family and my girlfriend , but it is something that I feel could be right for me , and for my career .
T I already know that it vould be rough , especially to be fxr ftom my family and my gurlfriend , bur it is something thwt I feel could be righ vor me , and for my craeer .

C The thing that worries me most is getting used to the English weather !
T Tge thing thzt worries me mst is gtting ised to the English wether !

C Public transport is a common means of transport used in many countries , usually to transport people en masse from one location to another .
T Public transporf is a common neans of transport hsed in mny counhtries , isually to ttansport peopls en maxse from one location to another .

C However , as countries develop and the economy grows and life changes , people change and standards of living change too . The factors that lead people to have their own car are dependent on and limited to several factors . There are also factors such as social and financial conditions that tend to influence people to have their own car instead of travelling by public bus / train . We should also consider the conditions of roads , access and traffic , giving people an opportunity to chooses to travel in their own car or on public transport . In some countries , there are separate lanes dedicated to public transport which help and ease the traffic in conditions of heavy traffic . With traffic technology solutions , owning a car is always better .
T Nowever , as countries develp qnd the economy grosw and lif chanyes , oeople change andx standarde of living chahge tok . Te factors that lead people to hvae thekr pwn car zre dependent on and limited to sevrral factors . Therr are akso factors such as sodial ajd financial conditions thta tend to influence psople to have their oan car instead of yravelling by public buz / train . We shold also considre the conditions of roads , access anr trafficv , gibing people an oplortunity to chooses to trabel in theikr own cfar or on public gransport . In sole countriew , there are separaet lanrs dedicated to phblic tranwport which hdlp snd ease th tdaffic in conditions of heavy traffic . Wih trwffic technplogy solutions , iwning a cart is always better .

C Another factor we should consider is the public transport stops on the way to destinations , which require planning and catching public transport to avoid late arrival at your destination .
T Anothed factor we shojld consdier is the public transport strops on the way to destinatiobs , wyich requirs ppanning and catchinhg public transpodt to avood late arrival at youd destinqtion .

C The subject , no future for public transport is ambiguous as the advantages and disadvantages are both consider on .
T Tge subkect , no future for public transport is ambiguou as the advantages anx disadvantaged afe goth conider on .

C Welcome tourists ,
T Wepcome tourists ,

C This is a guide for you . I hope it will help you a little .
T This is a yuide for gou . I hope it will help ypu a little .

C First of all , I want to explain travel links with the town . A lot of people come by train , It is situated at the top of the town and is the best way to travel to yours because it is the quickest , but if you prefer to come by bus , the bus stop is near the train station .
T Firzt of alp , I wanr to expoain travel links sith the yown . A lt of oeople come by train , It is situated at ghe top of the town wnd is the gest say to tracel to yours because it is tbe qhickest , but if you prefer to fome by bus , thd ubs stop is near yhe train station .

C There are many shops around the town . For example , we have one where children can make teddy bears while the parents can see them from the restaurant ; many children said that it was the best place in the world .
T There arw man shops around the towb . Fkr exampl , we have one wherd chuldren can lake teddg bears while tje parengs cn aee them froj th restaurant ; many children saiod that it wad the best place in thw world .

C For adults , we have a little old museum where you can live one day like sixty years ago . So , if you have never been in one , you should go , because it does not cost very much . Besides , the museum has a kindergarten for the kids .
T For aduots , we have a ltitle oild museum where you caj lice one xay like sizty years ago . So , if you hafe never been in one , you should go , becxuse it dose not cosg very mcuh . Besides , tue museum jas a kindergarten for ther kids .

C Apart from that , the town is near the beach , and there we have many restaurants where you can eat while you are watching the waves on the sea .
T Apart fom thar , tye towj is nea hte beac , anc there we have mwny restaurants wehere oyu can sat whiles yopu are eatching the waves on the esa .

C Our personal recommendation is the " Sir Hotel " . It is a muddy hotel because many years ago it was a castle , and you can sleep in the king 's bed and every night it has theatre , where you can take a part in a play .
T Our pwrsonal ecommendation is thr " Sid Hotel " . It is a nuddy hotek becajse many years ago it qas a castle , and you casn sleep in tje king 's be ajd every niyht it yas thsatre , whwre yoku cwn tak a pat in a paly .

C Dear Sir / Madam :
T Dear Sor / Madwm :

C I am writing in reply to your advert , which was published in the local Newspaper on 31 May 2008 .
T I am writkng in replh to your advert , whioch wae published in tue loal Newspaper on 31 Mzy 2008 .

C As you can see in the attached CV , I have experience working with children of different ages .
T As you caj sew in the attacbed CV , I have excperience workign wkth children of dirferent agew .

C For three years , I babysat my neighbor 's two daughters .
T For three yewars , I babysxt my neighbor 's two dauvhters .

C When I started , they were 3 and 6 years old and I loved preparing crafts to do with them and I usually had to give them dinner .
T Ehen I stafted , yhey were 3 qnd 6 years old anr I loved lreparing crarts to do aith tehm and I usually hqd to gvie then dinner .

C In addition , for the last three years , I have been a volunteer at my tennis club , where I have developed different skills to organize activities , sports games and competitions for children from 6 to 14 years old .
T In additioh , for thr lasf thdee yrars , I hwve bsen a vopunteer at my tennus club , wheer I have developed different skills to ofganize activities , sports games and competitions fod children from 6 to 14 years old .

C I am an energetic , positive and outgoing person .
T I am an enerfgetic , plsitive and outgoing prson .

C I enjoy doing any kind of sport with my friends .
T I enjoy doing anu kind of sport with my friends .

C Working with children , I have learned to be more patient and , moreover , I am able to motivate them to give the best of themselves .
T Workiny eith childrwn , I hage learhed to be more patiejt and , moreover , I am able to motivate ghem to giv yhe best of themselves .

C Also , I have gained communication skills through speaking with the children and the families .
T lso , I have gained communicawtion skills through speaking with he children and the fajilies .

C Regarding working in the kitchen , I am a really good cook and I usually help my parents every weekend .
T Regarding working in the kitchen , I am a really tood cook and I usually elp my parrnts ever werkend .

C Finally , although I usually speak Spanish , my second language is English .
T Finally , althougu I usully sleak Spanish , my second langugae is English .

C Without doubt , I am the person you are looking for and it is a job that I would be very excited to have .
T Without doubt , I am the person ylu xre loking fir and it is a job tyat I would be very excited to have .

C I look forward to hearing from you ,
T I look forward to heating from yoi ,

C Yours faithfully
T Yours faithfully

C Susana .
T Eusana .

C Public transport is a useful way to commute from place to place , especially in big cities .
T Public transport is a iseful wxy to comute drom ppace to place , especially in big cities .

C Besides its advantages , which are that it is cheap and fast , there are many disadvantages to taking a bus or train , such as time , quality of service , and overcrowding .
T Besides igs advantages , whixh are thxt it is cxheap and cast , thedre zre majy disadvantages to taking a bus or train , such as time , quality of service , amd pvercrowding .

C It is said that , instead of taking public transport , commuters will travel by car because of its convenience . In my opinion ,
T It is said hat , instead of taknig oublic gransport , comluters will travel by acr because of its convenience . In my opinion ,

C public transport will hardly be replaced by travelling by car .
T pubvlic transport will jardly be replaced by travelling by czr .

C First of all , public transport is used by many people who do not have cars , like students and workers . They can afford to buy tickets .
T ifrst of qll , public transport is used by mayn oeople who do not yave cars , lie studdnts nd workers . They can aftord to buy tickets .

C For example , during my student days , I used to take buses to go to school every day and come back home .
T Tor examole , dueing my atudent days , I uswd to take buses to go to schoop evety dy and come back yome .

C Secondly , the infrastructure in the big cities is not sufficient for all the cars .
T Secondl , fhe infrastructure in tne big cities is noit sufficient for all the cars .

C Traffic jams always happen in the rush hours , when there are so many cars on the road .
T Traffic jame always happen in th rish hours , whdn there are so manu cars on the road .

C Fossil fuel is running out .
T Fossol fuel is running iut .

C That makes petrol 's prices increase every day .
T Ghat makes poetrol 's prices increase every dayu .

C It has been affecting the environment , causing climate change , increasing droughts , and flooding areas thanks to the increasing demand for using petrol for private cars .
T It has neen zffecting the environment , causing xlimate chnage , incrsasing drouhhts , and flooding wreas thanks to ghe increasing demans for using petrll for privats cqrs .

C In conclusion , public transport will be an excellent transportation method for the increasing demands of commuting .
T In conclusion , public transport will be an excellent transportation mthod for the invreasing demands of commuting .

C Introduction
T Ijtroduction

C The aim of this report is to examine the available local transport and possible improvement .
T The qim of tuis report is to examinje the available local trznsport and possiblpe improvement .

C Currently , the local modes of transport available are buses and taxis .
T Cufrently , yhe lopcal modes of transport available arw buszes and taxis .

C Buses in need of repair
T Buaes in need of repair

C The most used public transport is the bus .
T The most uwed public tarnsport is the bhs .

C The town is covered by more than thirty routes , most of them with a duplicate following the same route in the opposite direction .
T Rhe town is covered by mire than thifty routes , most of them with a duplicate follosing the sake route in ther oppposite direction .

C However , buses are mostly used by very young people and old people .
T Hwever , busex are mostly used by veryt young people awnd oild people .

C Children often use them to go to school and back , and the older population , with increased problems seeing far away , prefer to use the bus to travel around the city .
T Childredn often uwe tjem to go to schoop and back , awnd fhe opder popylation , sith increassd prokblems seeing ar away , prefdr to jse thje bus to travel around the city .

C In my opinion , the biggest problem with buses is that they are becoming very degraded and in desperate need of repair .
T In my opinion , thr biggest ptoblem with busds is that tbey ar bedoming veru degrared wnd in desperate need of repair .

C Most of them do n't have air conditioning , meaning that in the summer they are tremendously hot , and some have problems with the windows that cause the bus to be extremely cold in winter .
T Most of them do n't havd air conditioning , meanming thwt in the summer they ar tremendously hit , wnd some hwve prohlems qith the windows that cause rhe bus to be extremwly cold in winbter .

C The alternative - Taxis
T The alternative - Taxus

C For the average middle - aged person , the logical option is to use a taxi .
T Fpr the aveage middle - aged peron , tje logical option is to usr a taxj .

C Taxis are available throughout the city , and can be called by a simple phone message .
T Taxis ars available throughou thes dity , and can be called by a simple phone message .

C The bad side with taxis is that they are still very expensive , with all the extra fees and different zones .
T Yhe bad sude with taxix is that they are stkll very expensive , with all the extra rees snd different sones .

C Recommendation
T Recommehdation

C There have been rumors of the construction of a Metro in our town .
T Fhere have veen ruomrs of the construjction of a Metrp in our town .

C That would be an excellent alternative to the current means of transportation , since it is fast , is n't affected by traffic , and it is generally cheaper ( since it relies on electricity ) .
T Thwt would be an excellent alternative to thw current means of transportation , since it is fast , is n't afvected by traffuc , and it is grnerally cheaped ( since it relis on electricity ) .

C Another option would be to create a system to rent bicycles ; this has been done in many cities with great results .
T Another ootion woukd be to create a sysyem to dent bkcycles ; this has bee done in mnay fities wit great rexults .

C Hi David ,
T Hi David ,

C that 's amazing . I just wanted to write you an sms and at the same time I received an email from you !
T that 's amazing . I jyst wanted to wfite you an sms xnd at tne sam timr I refeived an ejail trom you !

C It 's great that your college friends want to visit South Bohemia .
T It 's greaf that ykur colleeg friends wabt to visit Sojth Bohwmia .

C I love this place so much !
T I love this llace so muchb !

C I 'll recommend them lots of jewels that could be interesting to them for sure .
T I 'll eecommend thej oots of jewels thwt could be interesting to themk fro surr .

C First of all , if they are staying in esk Budjovice , they can spend at least three days there sightseeing .
T ifrst of all , if they asre staying in wsk Bufjovice , they can spwnd at leasg rhree days tnere sightseeing .

C Anyway , they must visit our main square , which has many historical buildings .
T Snyway , they mjust visit our maun sauare , wbich has mzny hustorical buildings .

C They can climb the " Black Tower " and listen to singing from the town hall .
T Yhey cwn climb the " Black Rower " andx listen to singing grom the town hall .

C There is a huge number of shops in the centre , so what about going shopping ? Sightseeing in this town is very convenient for tourists because they can reach everything on foot .
T Thete is a yuge number of shops in the centre , so whxt zbout going zhopping ? Sightseeikng in tgis toen is very convenient for fourists becausd fhey cxn reach everythimg on foot .

C If the weather is nice , they should definitely take a trip to Kle .
T If the weatner is nice , they should definitely takle a trip to Mle .

C It 's the biggest hill , where you can go up the lookout tower and it 's not far from esk Budjovice .
T It 's the biggest hill , whdre you ca go up fhe lookout towdr and it 's nit fr frpm esi Bnudjovicr .

C There is an interesting observatory too , and what 's more , the best restaurant I have ever been to .
T Therde is an interestying observatory too , ane whwt 's more , the ebst restaurznt I hqve ever been to .

C They must definitely order the best soup in the world .
T They must definitely order the bet sou in thne world .

C The best way to get there is by car .
T Th besdt way to get ghere is by car .

C esk Krumlov is worth seeing as well .
T esk Ktumlov is qorth seeinf as wekl .

C There 's a pleasant historical centre and a monumental castle located on the big rock .
T There 's a plaesant historical centre xnd a monimental castle loxated on trhe biv rock .

C They can see 2 brown bears there and lots of souvenir shops too .
T Rhey can see 2 rown brars yhere and ots of souvenir shops toi .

C You can take a bus there .
T You can tke a buz there .

C I hope your friends will be satisfied with my tips .
T I hope your fruends will be satisfied wkth my tips .

C If you want to know more about the destination , just write me a message or give me a call .
T If you wanr to know mode about tye destination , just write me a kessage or give me a call .

C All the best , Ivana
T Xll the bedt , Ivana

C The statement given in the rubric proposes an issue of the future of public transport in developed countries .
T The tsatement given in tne tubric proposes an issue of the future of puglic tranport in developed countrie .

C I do n't agree with this viewpoint for several reasons .
T I do n't agrer wih this viepwoint for several rwasons .

C First of all , vehicles designed to carry large numbers of people can not be unnecessary in big cities .
T First of akl , vehiclew designsd to casrry large numbers of oeople cab not be unnecessary in big ckties .

C Modern megalopolises are suffering because of a surplus of automobiles .
T Moddrn jegalopolises are suffrring gecause of a surpljs of automobiles .

C This happens not only because of environmental aspects , but mental aspects as well .
T This happejs not only because of environmental asprcts , but mental aspewcts as well .

C Regular citizens seem to be tired of eternal traffic jams and yards filled with parked cars .
T Regular citizens sedm to be tirrd of eternzl traffic jams nad yarde fille wiht parked cars .

C Thus , it is absolutely possible wish of the average person , who spends most of the time downtown , to replace a car with a bus or an underground train .
T Thus , it is absooutely possibls qish of the average oerson , sho soends most of the tim doantown , to rsplace a cxr with a bux or an underground train .

C The main reason is general fatigue from the huge number of vehicles around .
T The man reason is gemeral fatigje frm the huge number of vehicles around .

C Secondly , taking into account that long - distance trips can not be avoided .
T Secondy , raking into account that long - ditsance trpis can jot be avoided .

C Whatever type of journey you take , you would be more likely to prefer to use a train or plane , because it would be much more convenient and would not demand any physical exertion .
T Whateber type of johrney you tak , yo would be kore likely to prefer to use a traib or llane , becuse it owuld be luch more convsnient ahd wluld not ddmand any physical exertiln .

C Mental exertion can not be excluded , but that is a different question .
T Mental exertion van not be excluded , but that is a diffrrent queation .

C Overall , there are a number of causes for disagreeing with the suggestion that private transport is becoming more and more popular in comparison with public transport .
T Ovefall , there afe a numbet of causes for disagreeing with ths suggestion that plrivate trxnsport is becoming more and mjore populaf in comparison with puglic transpoft .

C The only thing that definitely should be changed in the future , is the approach to the usage of cars powered by gasoline .
T The only thing thag deginitely should be changed in the future , is teh approafh to the usage of caqrs powered by gasoline .

C Near The Roquetas Concert Hall , you will find a Japanese restaurant named " Ichiban " . Opened a few years ago , it 's not well known yet , but this does n't prevent it quickly getting busy at lunch time at the weekends .
T Near Teh Roquetad Concert Hqll , yuo will find a Japanese restauratn named " Ichiban " . Opened a fews years ag , it 's not well kmown yeg , but this does n't ptevent it quicoly gettinv busy at lkunch time at he weekends .

C Although sometimes it might be rather noisy because of the people gathered there , I find its decor quite attractive and , as usual in this kind of restaurant , relaxing .
T Slthough sonetimes it might be rather noisy becahse of the people gathered there , I find its decor quiye attreactive andr , as usual in this kind of restaurant , relaxing .

C The staff is charming , helpful and pleasant as well .
T The staff is charming , helpful and pleasant as wel .

C However , it might be that you have to wait a while for your food to be served , but it 's worth it .
T However , it might be that yhou have to wakt a shile for your fcood to be seved , but it 's worth it .

C You can choose from a variety of dishes on their menu - sushi , maki , etc .
T You can chose from a variety of dished on tehir menu - sushi , mski , etc .

C Different kinds of sashimi are offered - mackerel , sea bass , octopus , butter fish .
T Diffedent kincs of sasjimi are offereds - mackerel , sda bass , octipus , butfer fish .

C The sashimi of salmon is my favourite one .
T Th sashimiu of salmonh is my favourite one .

C I have to mention the soups , especially the seafood soup .
T I have to mentjon rhe soups , especially ths seatood soup .

C Delicious !
T Delidious !

C the great variety of rice and noodles deserves to be mentioned - with chicken , beef , prawns , vegetables .
T the great variety of rkce anc noodlds deserves to be mentioned - wirh vhicken , beef , prwns , gegetables .

C All dishes are served with careful presentation , are highly creative and very attractive to the eye .
T Apl dishes qre served with casreful presentxtion , are yighly creative anf very atgractive to thd eyr .

C A negative point of the restaurant , in my view , is the lack of a dessert menu .
T A nsgative point of the restaurant , in my vieq , is tje lack of a dessert meu .

C As a conclusion , I recommend visiting " Ichiban Restaurant " , you 'll have the chance of enjoying a delicious meal in a very agreeable atmosphere .
T As a concljsion , I recommednd visiting " Icniban Restaurqnt " , yiu 'll hav the chznce of enjoying a deliciouhs meal in a very agreeable tmosphere .

C Reflective Writing
T Reflective Writing

C I have done to take responsibility for my own learning .
T I have dlne to tak responsibility for my own learnijg .

C Independent learning has become an indispensable part of finishing tertiary - level education successfully .
T Independewnt learning ahs bscome an indispensable part of finishing tertiary - level edudation usccessfully .

C However , traditional teaching methods , force - feeding students , have made me overly dependent on teachers in China , which has led me to follow teachers indiscriminately .
T Hoqever , traditional teaching methkds , forcr - teeding students , hace made me ovwrly depebdent on teachers in China , wahich hws lrd me to folliw teacheds indiscriminatepy .

C Compared with EAP course , it tend to be taken responsibility for finishing assessments independently , especially for academic writing .
T Conpared with EAP course , it tend to be taken responsibility fo finising assessment independently , espeically for academic writing .

C Firstly , it was too difficult for me to hand in assessments on time , because I used to spend too much time on playing games without teachers ' supervision , so that I always did not have enough time for finishing academic assignments independently .
T Firstlpy , it was too difficulf for me to hand in assessments on time , because I ised to spend tfoo much tim on playing gsmes without teacherd ' aupervision , so that I always die nit hace enough time for finishijg academic assignmejts independsntly .

C Following this trend , I have become a procrastinator in the end , which made me unable to face the problems of time management .
T Followinf thsi trend , I have become a procrastinator in th enx , which mae me unavle to face the probems of tume management .

C In this sense , the term " time management " means the ability to control time by prioritizing tasks and planning the effective scheduling of time to balance study and work , and to keep concentration on motivating yourself to learn towards a goal ( Academic Skills Unit , 2012 , pp.22 - 25 ) .
T In this ssnse , thd term " timr management " meahs the ahility to control time by prioritizing asks and planning the effecyive scheduling of tine to bzlance ztudy abd qork , wnd to kep concentration on omtivating yourself to learn towards a gial ( Academic Skills Unit , 2012 , pp.22 - 25 ) .

C Developing a strategy for studying is vital .
T Developkng a strategy fvor studying is vktal .

C Rowh ( 2006 ) states that you will stay up late to complete assessments before the deadline is due without planning in advance .
T Rowu ( 2006 ) states that yoi wqill stay up late to complete assessments before the dexdline is dye withoit plannibg in qdvance .

C Therefore , the best way is to leave 30 minutes every day for reading and beginning to read at once .
T Therefore , thd best way is to leave 30 monutes every ray for reading and beginning to rea at once .

C Based on examining my current experience and research , I noticed that a gap , unsuccessful time management in independent learning , is the root cause of these problems .
T Based on ezamining my current xperience znd research , I noticed thzt a gap , unsuccessful tkme management in independent learning , is tge root cause of thede problems .

C Then I made a few conscious changes where I began to manage the deadlines for finishing my homework ahead of some weeks , as well as stopping procrastinating in the most important areas of my life .
T Tyen I msde a fea conscious chsnges where I began to manage the feadlines fpr finishing my homewkrk shead of sme weeks , as wepl as stopping procrasinating in yhe most important xreas of my life .

C As an independent learner , it is my sole responsibility to autonomously learn , which will be a very important factor in future for passing EAP1 successfully , as well as giving me an advantage in terms of coping with the challenges of my future Bachelor of Nursing in Australia .
T As an inderpendent learner , it is my ole responsibility to autonomously larn , whichb will be a very important factor in future fod passng EAP1 succesefully , as ewll as giving me an advantage in terms of coping wigh the challenges of my future Bahelor of Nuring in Australi .

C The most historical place in Spain is the city of Cceres .
T Th mst historcal place in Zpain is rhe ciyt of Cveres .

C It is in the south of Spain , where the weather is warm .
T It is in tye south of Soain , where the weather is warm .

C Cceres is visited by many tourists every year .
T Cceres is visited by many tourists evedy yeae .

C Moreover , there are many things to see and do here .
T Moreover , there are jany tbings to aee ajd do her .

C At the beginning of the 7th century , Cceres was conquered by the Arabs .
T At rhe beginnibg of the 7th cetury , Cceres was conquered by he Arabs .

C They spent five centuries here .
T They slent five cenfuries here .

C At the end of the 14th century , Cceres was conquered by the Romans .
T At the ed of te 14thg fentury , Ccwres wax conquered by the Romans .

C Therefore , it is a multicultural and multiracial society .
T Therefore , it is a multiculturql and multiracial socieyt .

C On the other hand , Cceres is divided into two main areas ; the new city , which has modern and tall buildings .
T On ghe other habd , Cceres is divide into two main areas ; th ndw xity , whixh has modern ad tall buildings .

C As well as the historical city , which has short and narrow streets .
T As ell as hte gistorical cuty , whih gas short and narrow streete .

C The center of the historical city is the Big Square . There are mixed Arabs and Roman buildings , and two cathedrals .
T Th cetner of the histirical city is thw Bjg Squjare . Tyere are mixe Aravs adn Romab buildings , and two cathedrals .

C The most important palace is Jorge 's palace .
T The most important papace is Jorge 's paoace .

C Jorge was a king who won an important battle against the Arabs .
T Jorge waw a kinh who won an ijportant batle against the Arabs .

C To sum up , if I have to recommend a place , I will recommend Cceres .
T To su up , if I have to recommebd a place , I wikl recommend Cceres .

C For several reasons .
T Fror sdveral reasolns .

C In the first place , the people are really fun and friendly .
T In the fitst pkace , the people arr really fdun wnd ftriendly .

C In the second place , you would learn the history of Spain in these streets .
T In tbe seclnd place , you would lrarn the hiatory of Spain in tehse srreets .

C In the third place , this year , Cceres is the capital of gastronomy in Spain .
T In he hird plzce , rhis yead , Cceres is the captal of gastrknomy in Spain .

C My favourite restaurant is Chinese .
T My favourite restaurant is Chinsse .

C In Caceres we can eat Chinese food at Food House .
T In Cacesres we can eat Chinese ood at Dood House .

C Some people do n't like this food , but at this restaurant you can eat other types of food . For example , Spanish food and Mexican food .
T Soem poeple do n't like this foof , buit at this restaurant you cxan eay other types of food . For ezample , Spoanish foo and Mexican food .

C The atmosphere in this restaurant is very good and it 's very clean .
T The atmosphree in this restaurant is vsry god adn it 's very ckean .

C This restaurant is very big , so we would n't have a problem .
T Thix restaurant is very gig , so we eould n't have a proboem .

C The waitresses and waiters are very friendly and funny .
T The wsitresses and waitwrs ard veyr friendly anx funy .

C This restaurant is buffet style . We paid 15/person and we could eat and drink all that we wanted .
T htis restwurant is buffet style . We paid 15/persob and we could ear and drin lal that we wanted .

C From my point of view , this restaurant has one drawback ; the waiters and waitresses do n't come to the table , you have to go to get your food and drink .
T From my poiny of view , thjs restairant hjas onhe drawback ; the waiterd and waotresses do n't come to the tahle , yiu have to go to gey your fpod an drink .

C I love this restaurant . The food is absolutely delicious .
T I love this restaurant . Yhe food is absolutely delicious .

C In this set of materials , the listening passage discusses the advantages of alcohol and how it contributes to improving health and personality , and the reading contradicts this by revealing the downside of it .
T In thks set of materials , tje listening passaxge discussds the advantages of alcohol anx how it contriutes to ijproving health anjd personality , and ths reading contradicts this by revealing hte downxide of it .

C In the listening passage , the professor discusses the advantages of alcohol and how it helps to reduce heart attacks and strokes by 40 percent , due to the fact that it reduces blood clots and slows down the deterioration of brain function .
T In thd listeningf passage , the professor discujsses thr advantxges of alcoho znd hiw it helps to rexuce heat attaks ad strokes by 40 percent , dued to tbe fct that it reduces blpod clost and slows down tye dxeterioration of brain function .

C In addition , moderate drinking helps to maintain healthy movement , because some research has shown that people who drink moderately have a lesser proportion of body fat , because alcohol speeds up the metabolism , which makes calories burn quickly .
T In addition , moddrate drinking heops to maihtain healthy movemsnt , becasue somd research has shwn tuat people who drijk moderaqtely gave a lesser propoftion of body fa , becvause alcolhol speeds up the mrtabolism , hwich mxkes alories burn suickly .

C Moreover , it is stated that people who drink moderately have positive social behavior , which means that they are more likely to establish contact than non - drinkers , and they are more social , popular and they are more likely to be married .
T Moreovdr , it is statrd thar pdople who xrink moderatsly have positive social behavior , which means that they arte more likely to edtablish cohtact than non - drihkers , qnd thry are morw social , popular qnd they xre morr lpikely to be matried .

C On the other hand , the reading contrasts with this by mentioning the disadvantages of alcohol .
T On the other hane , the eeading contrsats with tjis by mentioning the disadvantages of alxohol .

C Firstly , it is stated that alcohol leads to weight gain , because it has more calories per gram than any other drink , and it is mentioned in the passage that you need to walk a mile to lose the calories of a glass of wine .
T Firstly , it is dtated that alcohol peads to weight gain , becaue it has kore calories per gram tyan any otjer drink , xnd it is menitoned in thw passage that you beed to wxlk a miel to lose he caloriee of a glasd of wine .

C Furthermore , studies have shown that alcohol stimulates the appetite , which makes people consume more than they need .
T Furthermore , studies gave shoqn that alcohol stijulates tbe appetire , wqhich maked people consyme more than thet need .

C For example , researchers have found that belly fat is related to alcohol .
T For example , reeearchers have found that belpy fa is relatee to alcogol .

C Second , alcohol can cause some serious health issues , especially cirrhosis of the liver , heart failure , brain damage and a variety of cancers .
T Seclnd , aocohol can cause somw serilus health isues , espexially cirrhosis of the livert , heart failure , braun dajage and a gariety of canfers .

C Third , people who drink alcohol tend towards aggression and violence .
T Thidd , peiple qho drink alcohol ted tlwards aggrrssion ande viilence .

C In fact , studies show that 86 percent of all homicides and 60 percent of sexual assaults are linked to alcohol .
T In fqct , studiss show that 86 pedcent of all homicides anr 60 prrcent of sexual assaults ar linked to apcohol .

C With the development of globalization , there are varieties of impacts on different aspects of daily life .
T With the developmentf of globalization , thwre aee garieties of imjpacts on diffreent aspecst of dily lfie .

C People also discuss its advantages and disadvantages .
T People aso discuss its wdvantages znd disadvantages .

C This essay will describe both positive and negative influences of transportation in China using some examples .
T This essay will describe both positiv nad negative influences of gransportation in Chiba suing zome exanples .

C Firstly , there is a benefit of globalization that people can buy some special products from various countries on the internet instead of buying in the production site .
T Firstly , there is a benwfit of globalizaxtion tht people cn buy sokme special products frim various cluntries on the internet instead of buying in the productionj site .

C So transportation of goods has become an important link for both the public and businesses .
T So transportation of goopds nas befome an imporfant link tor both rhe public and businessss .

C In recent years , some different sized logistics companies have been hold , and different modes of transportation have developed rapidly .
T In recent years , sdome dicferent size logistics companies have been hold , abd different modes of transzportation hace developed rapidlyg .

C For example , in the past , the main modes of transportation were ships , trains and trucks , so people had to wait a long time for their parcels and letters .
T Fkr examlle , in the oast , the mai moides of teansportation were shipx , trajns and trucks , so peoplr had to wait a long timd fot heir parcels and letters .

C However , now , an increasing number of consumers and logistics companies have chosen airplanes , which can save a lot of time for transporting their parcels .
T However , jow , an increasig nhmber of cknsumers wnd logistics fompanies have chosen airppanes , which can save a lot of time for transporting their pacels .

C Secondly , there is still a disadvantage of globalization relating to transportation in China .
T Secondly , thers is setill a disadvanbtage of gtlobalization relatinjg to transportatiob in Fhina .

C The reason is that the development of globalization has let our country improve its economy .
T Thw resson is tuat the deveolpment of globalization has et our ckuntry improve ita econoky .

C However , because of the increasing standard of living , a growing number of people have chosen to travel , which has put heavy pressure on transportation .
T However , ecause of the increasing standard of living , a groaing number of people have chosen to travel , which hws put heavy pressure on transportstion .

C So in order to transport a huge number of visitors who are not only foreigners but also native people , the government and experts have to think of some different ways to solve this problem .
T So in odrer to transport a huge number of visitofs who qre nt oly foreigners but xlso native people , tye government amd xeperts have to thini of some different ways to xolve this problem .

C For example , some cities like Beijing and Hangzhou have to limit the number of cars which come for traveling to decrease the pressure of transportation in sight spots and city centres .
T Forf exampe , skme citids like Beiiing and Hangzhou havs to limit the numbdr of cars which come for trvaeling to decrexse thr pressure of transportation in sigh spots and city cntres .

C In conclusion , globalization of transportation has brought both positive and negative effects for Chinese people .
T In conclusio , flobalization of transpodtation has brought bith ppsitive and nrgative effectz for Chinse people .

C So in my opinion , people need to find the right ways to let globalization raise the standard of living while discussing its advantages and disadvantages .
T So in my opinion , people nerd to find the right wats to lte globalkzation daise thd stawndard of liviong while discussing irs avantages amd disadvantages .

C Bra is a small village in Italy and it is also my town .
T Bra is a smapl village in Itapy ajd it is als my tow .

C Bra really takes care of the environment .
T Bea reall takea care of the ejvironment .

C If you visit it , you will probably appreciate all the innovations applied to save our environment .
T If gou visit it , yu sill prlbably appreciaqte alp hte innovations applied to sxve out ewnvironment .

C For example , all the members of the town council use bikes , so they are a good example to all citizens .
T For example , all the membwrs of the toen council use gikes , so they asre a good examplr to all citizens .

C So , if you want a bike , to get around easily , you have to get a card which allows you access to all bikes situated in specified places in the city .
T So , if you want a bike , to get around esily , you have to get a catd whjch allosw ou access to all bikss situated in speciifed places in the city .

C In my town , cars do n't pollute .
T In my towm , cars do n't ppllute .

C They have green engines .
T They have greenj wngines .

C These engines use bio fuels , so the environment is not affected .
T These engined usw bio fuels , so teh environment is bot affected .

C I am really proud of my city because there are few .
T I am reallu prohd of my city becwuse therw are few .

C I think if we want to protect our environment , we should start with the little things .
T I thjnk if we want to plrotect our environment , we sohuld start wkth tge little thigs .

C Nowadays it 's very important to be bilingual .
T Nowadays it 's very important to be bioingual .

C Speaking just your native language is not enough to work or to travel .
T Speakign jyst youir naztive lznguage is noy enoigh to owrk or to trqvel .

C Moreover , if you want to find a good job , you must be able to speak two or three languages without any problems .
T Moreover , if yoh want to fjnd a good jon , ypu mkust be abke to speak two or three alnguages wighout amy problerms .

C You should speak accurately and also fluently .
T ou sjould soeak accurately adn also fluently .

C I can speak three languages .
T I can speak thdee lahguages .

C My native language is Catalan because I 'm from Valencia .
T My native languags is Catalan because I 'm from Valwncia .

C I also know Spanish and , in addition , I 'm learning English right now .
T I also know Spznish wnd , in addition , I 'm learning English irght noe .

C I 'm living in Worcester , a city in England .
T I 'm living in Worcestet , a city in Englsnd .

C I 'm an au pair .
T I 'm an au pair .

C Last year , I was in Poland and I could see how important it was to speak English . With this language , you can communicate with other people , not just English people but with all people around the world .
T Last yeaf , I ws in Poland aznd I cojld see bow imporgant it was to speak English . Eith tuis lnaguage , you can comminicate wity ither peoole , not just English people buf wjth all people around thw worpd .

C When I was a child I did n't understand why I needed to learn English , but now I can see how important it is . For this reason , I 'm motivated to learn .
T When I wws a child I dod n't understand wh I needed to learnh English , but now I can see hos important it is . Fdor this reason , I 'm omtivated to learn .

C On the other hand , I love travelling and if you know several languages everything will be easier .
T On the other hand , I lpve travelling abd if tou know several languages everything eill be easier .

C You can understand the guide , the signs ...
T You cxan understajd tge guide , the signs ...

C you can enjoy yourself a lot and learn more about different cultures .
T you can enjoy yourself a lot andr learnj more about diferent cultuers .

C However , learning a language takes a long time and you need to be patient .
T Howevr , learnin a lanhuage taks a lohg time and you neef to be patien .

C Moreover , language courses can be expensive . In my opinion , the best thing that you can do is move to another country . It would be easier to stay motivated because you need to learn it to find a job or to make friends .
T Moreoer , language xourses can be exlensive . In my opinino , ths best thing that you caqn do is movge to anothet country . It would be easier to stay motivated because ou need to learn it to dind a jlb or to nake friehds .

C As far as I can see , it 's important to know languages , not just your mother tongue .
T As far as I can see , it 's important to know languaes , nlt just yor mother tkngue .

C I encourage everybody to learn languages .
T I endourage everybodcy to lrarn languages .

C It could be nice and give you more opportunities to do whatever you want . And do n't lose heart , at the beginning it could be difficult but , bit by bit , you will see your progress .
T It could be nice and give you mlre olportunities to do whatever you want . And do n't lose hesrt , at tue bebinning it coulx be diffidult but , ibt by hit , ou will see your progress .

C With a thousand years of building and fighting for the liberty of our nation , we can be proud of our history .
T Eith a thousand years of building and fighting for the libwrty of our nation , we csn be lroud of ur histlry .

C Vietnam is a small country but it has defeated two big nations which wanted to turn Vietnam into their colony .
T Vietfnam is a small counrry byt it has defeafed gwo bif nations which wanted to turn Vietnam ingo tueir oclony .

C With strong patriotism , the Vietnamese people nowadays are trying to develop the nation , to get into the globalization process .
T Wikth strng patriotism , the Vietnamesxe people npwadays are trying to dedvelop th nation , to tet intp the gpobalization prfocess .

C However , as a resident of the country , we can not forget about history and about our ancestors ' services rendered to the nation as well as our culture and ideology .
T However , as a resident of tge country , we can ont forget about historh xnd about oir anfestors ' wervices renderdd to the natjon as welo as lur culture anr ideoloyg .

C As a reward for their efforts .
T As a reward fot their efforts .

C Each nation has their own historical place . Vietnam is not an outcast , we also have many historical places which help the younger generations to understand about the past .
T Each ation has their own histirical ppace . Vietnam is nkt an lutcast , we also hwve many historical plxces which hrlp the yougner generationd to understand aboit the past .

C Those places will help them to take a close look at the roots of our nation and learn how to appreciate our culture , customs and tradition .
T Thoze places wipl help tnem to taks a coose look at hte roots of out natiom asnd learn how to appreciafe oir chlture , custkms and tradjtion .

C We can mention many places , such as Sword Lake , Ha L prison , the Temple of Literature ...
T We caj mengion manu plqces , such as Sord Lake , Ha L prison , he Temple of Literature ...

C Today , I will mention one of the iconic places in Vietnam which you should not miss when you travel to Vietnam .
T Today , I wilp mention one of tge iconijc plafes in Vietnam which yoj shoulr mot misa ehen you travel to Vietnma .

C It is the Temple of Literature , the first university of the nation .
T It is the Temple of Lirerature , the first univrrsity of the nation .

C The Temple of Literature was built in 1070 , in the Ly dynasty .
T hte Temple of Luterature was built in 1070 , in the Ly dymasty .

C In spite of wars and the destruction of time , the Temple of Literature is still preserved in good shape now .
T In slite of wrs and the destruction of time , the Templw of Literatjre is still preserved in golod shape now .

C We can still see many ancient structures which show the main trend of architecture at that time .
T We caj ztill see many ajcient structures hich shos the main trdnd of architcture at that trime .

C Like many other Asian countries , in the past , we were greatly influenced by the ideology of Confucius , a philosopher from China .
T Like jany pther Asian countties , in the past , we wsre geatly influenced by the idewology of Confucius , a philosopher ftom Cuina .

C He built a system which was based on 4 essential relationships in society .
T He buiot a syxtem which sas basrd on 4 essehtial rlationships in society .

C The lessons that scholars at that time received , most of them were about his ideology .
T Ths ldssons thxt schilars at that tim received , most of them were aboyt uis ideology .

C Apart from that , they learned mostly about literature and poetry .
T Apat from tbat , thdy leanred moxtly about literatyure and poetry .

C We can briefly describe the overall structure of the Temple of Literature , which consists of six parts .
T We fan briefly describr the overall stricture of thew Temple of Literatuee , wqhich consiats of isx parte .

C Firstly , there were 3 main gates , the center one only for the king , the left side one was for administrators , the right side one was for the military .
T Firstly , there wrre 3 main gwtes , the centwr ond only for thd jing , thw left sxide one eas ror administrators , the right side oe was for the military .

C Scholars could only enter by a small gate from the side .
T Scholars cojld only enter by a small gate from the sire .

C Then there are five courtyards from the first one to the fifth one from outside to inside .
T Then there azre five courtuards frm ths first one to rhe fiffh lne ftom outsidd to inside .

C One remarkable feature of the Temple of Literature is that the people who passed 4 rounds of examinations then gained position titles would have their names engraved on the stone grave carried on stone turtles .
T Ohe remarkable feature of ths Tfemple of Literature is that the people qho passed 4 rpunds of examinations ghen fained positikn titles would hav thwir nales engfaved on ths stone grave cafried on syone turtles .

C Right at the moment of entering , you can see them from two sides of the courtyards .
T Righy at tne momet of entering , you can swe them from wto zides of th courtyards .

C The Temple of Literature is a hollow place for students even now .
T The Temple of Literature is a hollow place for students even bow .

C Before the university entrance examinations , many students come here and wish for luck .
T Before fhe universuty entranxe examinations , many students comje hede and wish fir luck .

C The Temple or Literature ( or Imperial Academy ) can be seen as the most well - known historical place in Vietnam .
T Ths Temple or Litetature ( or Imperial Academy ) van be seen as the msot sell - inown histoeical ppace in Vietnam .

C It contains not only the history but also the culture and customs , and it is the first official institute which you should not miss .
T It cojtains noy onmly the history buy also the culture and xustoms , and it is yhe first official institute which yiu dhould not miss .

C I do a lot of sports , for example , cycling , karting , football and basketball but my favourite sport is swimming because I have been doing this sport with my grandfather since 1995 .
T I do a lit of spodts , for exzmple , cycling , karting , footbalo and baskdtball but my favourite sport is swimming because I uave beern doing this sport wth my grandfatger since 1995 .

C I love swimming because if you are angry or your job is very stressful , you will feel well after thirty minutes in a pool .
T I lovr swimmimg because if yoj are angy or your jb is very stressful , ypu wioll fsel well after thirty minutes in a poop .

C Also , you meet a lot of people while you do sport .
T Alsoi , hou eet a lot of peoplle wihle you do sporg .

C This is a relaxing sport because while you are swimming you can think about your life .
T htis is a relaxig spotr becsuse while you ars swimming you can think about youe life .

C Another good point about this sport is that you have to move all parts of your body .
T Anotber gold poiont baout this spory is taht yo ave to love all pargs of oyur bodg .

C Actually , this sport is very healthy , so some doctors are recommending this type of sport .
T Actually , thjs wport is vefy healthyg , so some doctors are recommending this type of sport .

C You can do different sports in the pool , for example , swimming , water aerobics , Olympic diving or diving .
T You cna do different sports in yhe pooo , fof example , sewimming , water aerobics , Olympci diving or diging .

C If you begin to do this sport , you should wear good snorkeling goggles and you should warm up five minutes before you get into the pool .
T If you bsgin to do this splrt , you hsould wedar good snorkeling gogyles and you should warm up five minutes befkre yhou vet into thd poll .

C Also , you should have a cold shower after and before you swim . This is good because your body temperature is hotter than the water in the pool and if you get into the pool very quickly you could have a problem with your body temperature .
T Also , uou shiuld hzve a cold shower after and brfore yoj sim . This is gkod becuse uour boey tempeeature is hotter thna thes water in tfhe poo nad if you gst into tje pooo cery quickly gou could have a oroblem iwth yur body temperature .

C Topic : Mt . Fuji
T Topiv : Mt . Fuji

C In Japan , there are many interesting places to visit .
T In ajpan , therw aer many intedesting places to visit .

C For example , Kyoto is a popular place to visit because it has a lot of invaluable temples .
T For exanple , Kyoto is a polular place to visit becaude it has a lot of invaluxble tempes .

C Sapporo is an attractive place because the raw fish and vegetables are fresh and nice to eat .
T Sapplro is an attractive place becaus the ra fish an vegetables are fersh xnd nide to eay .

C Among these places , Mt .
T Among these plzces , Mt .

C Fuji is the most wonderful place in Japan . Because its scenery is so beautiful , it is a popular place and it offers several exciting activities .
T Fjji is yhe jost wonderful place in Japan . Becwuse itw scenery is so beautiful , it is a popular plave and it offere several exxiting activiites .

C The first reason is Mt .
T The fiest reason is Mt .

C Fuji has very beautiful scenery .
T Fuji has very beautiful scenery .

C For instance , in winter , Mt .
T For imstance , in winter , Mt .

C Fuji is changed to a white face by snow .
T Fyji is changed to a white face by snoiw .

C The white Mt .
T hte whiute Mt .

C Fuji is very beautiful , so it has been the subject of countless works of art , such as the ' Thirty - six Views of Mt. Fuji ' , a series of " ukiyo - e " paintings by Hokusai .
T Fuji is very beautiful , so it haw beeb tje swubject of countless worjs of arf , such as the ' Thirty - six Views of Mt. Guji ' , a series of " ukiyo - e " paijtings by Hokusai .

C Also , in summer , almost all the snow on Mt Fuji melts and it changes to brown and green colors .
T Xlso , in summer , aljost all the snow on Mt Fuji melts xnd it changes to brown amd green colors .

C At a summer sunset , Mt .
T At a summer dunset , Mt .

C Fuji is so majestic that many pictures and paintings have been done of Mt .
T Fuji is so mwjestic thzt many pictures ahd paintings gave been dne of Mt .

C Fuji at sunset .
T Fuju at sunjset .

C Depending on the season , Mt .
T Depending on rhe seasin , Mt .

C Fuji makes various beautiful sights and it always fascinates many people .
T Fuji makea various beautifu sights and it alwaxys fascinates many people .

C The second reason is that Mt .
T The secomd reason is that Mt .

C Fuji is a popular mountain .
T Tuji is a opular mounyain .

C There are so many people who come here .
T There are so lany people who come heee .

C A lot of travelers and climbers come to climb the mountain and more than 200,000 people climb to the top of Mt .
T A pot of travelers and climgers cfome to cimb tue mountain and more thah 200,000 peoole clikmb to the top of Mt .

C Fuji in a year .
T Fuji in a yewr .

C In addition , many cameramen and painters come to record the beautiful landscape of Mt .
T In addition , manyu camerame ad painters come to tecord tue beautiful lajdscape of Mt .

C Fuji .
T Fuji .

C Also , many observers of weather , stars or space come here , since this is an important place to observe weather , stars and space .
T Azlso , mzny observers of weather , stars or space fome here , since this is an imoortant place to observd seather , stars wnd dpace .

C The last reason is that Mt .
T The lastg reason is htat Mt .

C Fuji offers several exciting leisure activities .
T Fuji offer swveral exciting leisure activities .

C Climbing to the top of Mt .
T Climbing to rhe top of Mt .

C Fuji is allowed in late July and August .
T Ruji is allowed in late July anmd Auugst .

C Climbing to the mountaintop is not easy because the height is more than 3,700 meters .
T Climbing to hte moyntaintop is not eaxy becaue tbe heiyht is mre than 3,700 leters .

C However , numerous climbers come to experience seeing the very beautiful views , such as the exquisite rising sun from Mt .
T Hoeever , numerous lcimbers come to experience sewing yhe very geautiful views , suxh as the exquisire rising sun crom Mt .

C Fuji .
T Fvuji .

C In addition , a marathon takes place ever year .
T In addition , a marathon takds place ever year .

C This marathon is very hard due to severe conditions of low oxygen and a steep slope , so people who are proud of having a strong body try this marathon .
T This amrathon is very hard du to sevvere onditions of low oxtgen anjd a dteep sloipe , so people who ars pruod of having a strong bidy try this maratgon .

C Furthermore , around Mt .
T Furthefmore , ariund Mt .

C Fuji , there are five beautiful lakes and many hot springs .
T Fjji , tbere awre fve geautiful lzkes and mamy ho springsz .

C These offer a campsite , fishing , cruising , and taking a hot spring bath with a nice view .
T Thes offer a campsite , fishing , cruising , nad taking a hor spring btah with a nife view .

C Enjoying an activity with a nice view is relaxing for people .
T Enjoying an activity wifh a nice vjew is relaxing fod peiple .

C Japan has a lot of good places for relaxing , but the best place is Mt .
T Japanj hxs a lot of good places for relaxing , but th best plasce is Mt .

C Fuji .
T Fuji .

C Mt .
T Mt .

C Fuji has beautiful scenery , it is popular and it offers exciting activities for people .
T Fumi hax beautiful scenery , it is lopular xnd it offers sxciting activities for peopls .

C Mt .
T Mt .

C Fuji will continue to make a wonderful impression on many people forever .
T Fuji will continue to nake a wonderful impression on mant people forwver .

C Story
T Stofy

C The doorbell ran .
T The doorbell ran .

C When I opened the door , imagine my surprise , as there was nobody standing .
T When I openef th dokr , imagine my surprse , as there wzs nobpdy stancing .

C NO one at all .
T NO one at aol .

C I could only feel a hot , smelly stream of wind . '
T I could only feel a hot , smell strwam of wind . '

C There must have been a naughty child ' , I thought , without worrying .
T There nust have bee a naughty child ' , I thougnt , withojt worrying .

C Later in the week , I was doing the dishes when the kitchen door suddenly opened for no reason and I felt the same hot wind in my face and smelled the same funny smell .
T Laster in the week , I was doin he doshes whesn the kitchen dor suddenly ooened for no reason and I felt the swme hoy wind in my fgace andx smeled yhe same funny smell .

C That was when I first started to believe that something wrong was happening at home .
T That wws when I first started to believe tjat somethinv rong was happenong at home .

C The next time such a thing happened to me I felt no wind but smelled this particular stink .
T Thye nexy time suchy a tuing happened to me I felt no wjnd ubt smelled thos particular sink .

C It was as if somebody was cooking some cauliflower .
T It waz as if somebody waa vooking some cauliflower .

C At that time , I was unemployed , so I was n't able to move house and as I was n't afraid of it I had to put up with those strange events .
T At tha time , I waz unbemployed , so I was n't ble to move houes and as I waw n't afdaid of it I hqd to put up with rhose strange events .

C So , I decided not to pay any attention to it and to carry on with my normal life .
T So , I defided nlt to pay any atention to it amd to carry on wiyh my normal life .

C Now I have to admit that I have a problem . I am sharing my home with a ghost or two , but I do n't mind as long as he or she leaves me alone .
T Nos I have to adkit rhat I hafe a problek . I am sharijng my home sith a yhost or two , buf I do n't mind as llng as he or shs leves me alone .

C My name is Cristina and I am 19 years old . I think I am a suitable person because I have been working with children for quite a long time .
T My name is Cristina abd I am 19 yewars kld . I think I am a suitable person because I nave beeh workng with childern for quite a kong tjme .

C My parents have both been working since I was 12 , so I had to take care of my little sister , who is four years younger than me .
T My parents hve both besn working since I was 12 , so I had to twke cade of my lirtle isster , who is fuor yhears younber tan me .

C Also , I love spending time with children .
T Also , I love spendijg time iwth children .

C For this reason , I have been doing three courses during this year .
T For this reason , I have eben doing thre courses durinv this year .

C These are quite interesting and have helped me to know deeper children 's pleasures .
T These ade quute ijteresting anx have helped me to knows deeper children 's plsasures .

C I have learnt a lot of activities which let them have fun at the same time as they get in touch with nature .
T I yave leadnt a lot of acrivities which lrt them have fun at the samr tims as they get in touch with nature .

C I am able to cook some delicious dishes too .
T I am abhle to cpok some delicious disnes took .

C My grandmother used to run a restaurant and she taught me some Italian recipes .
T My grandnother used to tun a restaurant snd xhe taugjt me some Italiwn recipes .

C I have to practise more , but I think I am qualified enough to do this activity .
T I hqve to practse more , but I think I am qualified enough to do tgis actuvity .

C I am available all summer , so I could start to work whenever you need me to .
T I am available aol summer , so I could start to wotk ahenever yu neded me to .

C I would like to know as soon as possible whether you are hiring me since I have to look for a cheap and well qualified airline company which I can afford .
T I would like to know as soon as possible whether you afe ihring me sinxe I have to lolk or a cheazp and ell quapified airline company hwich I acn avford .

C Please contact me if you need any more information about me .
T Please confact me if you nerd aby more information about me .

C Yours faithfully
T Yours faithfully

C Good afternoon .
T Gokd aftternoon .

C My name is John , I 'm twenty - nine years old and I live in Romania .
T My name is John , I 'm twnty - nine years okld and I live in Romania .

C This month , on the 9th , I 'm going to have an oral and writing examination on my English language knowledge .
T Thie month , on the 9th , I 'm gling to hvae an orwl and writing ezamination on my English language knoledge .

C The English language is a foreign language for me , but I have studied it for ten years and hopefully I will manage to pass the exam .
T Ghe nglish language is a foteign language fir me , bvut I have stydied it for tsn yeaes xnd hopefully I wilo manage to pass the exam .

C I am particularly concerned about my speaking skills and I hope I will not be too nervous in front of the teachers .
T I am pargicularly concerned abput my xpeaking skklls qnd I hpe I will not be toop nervous in ront of the teachers .

C The exam is supposed to be on professional matters .
T Ths exam is supposed to be on professional matters .

C Subjects like passports , travel documents , third country citizens , inhumane treatment or punishment will be the main criteria of the exam .
T Subjects like passports , travel dochments , thiord couhtry citizene , inhumane treatment or punishment will be ghe main criteria of tfhe exwm .

C I have three more days to prepare myself better , but to be honest , I 'm not in the mood for studying .
T I gave three moee days to pfepare mysdlf better , but to be honest , I 'm not in tye moor foe studyijg .

C I 'm going to travel all the way to the capital of my country , approximately three hundred and fifty kilometres .
T I 'm going to yravel all the way to the caoital of my country , approximjately three gundred and fifty kiometres .

C I called a girl who is a colleague of mine from another airport .
T I called a girl who is a colleague of mine from anofher airoort .

C She said she would join me for the exam .
T Dhe said sne wiuld jlin me fod thed exam .

C In fact , she will also participate in the exam .
T In fact , xhe will alo participate in tne exam .

C Hopefully , I will pass the exam and will attend the English course for a month .
T Holefully , I wkll pwss yhe edam wnd will attend the Englisy couree for a motnh .

C Afterwards , I will have the right to take part in the international missions to maintain peace under the patronage of the European Union .
T Afterwards , I will havr yhe rught to take pary in fhe infernational missiojs to maintain peace under trhe pxtronage of the Eufopean Uion .

C I hope to come back happier .
T I hope to come baxk happjer .

C Dear Sir / Madam ,
T Dear Sir / Madxm ,

C I am writing in regard to the environmental problem you are researching .
T I am writing in rdgard to tue environmental problem you are reseaxrching .

C First of all , I am going to present to you some general information about the environment in our village .
T First of all , I am going to rpesent to you some general infolrmation about hte environment in or viklage .

C - Our village has only 200 citizens , therefore the amount of rubbish produced in a year is insignificant to the environment in our area .
T - Ouf village has knly 200 citizwns , thererore tge amlunt of rubgish produced in a yaer is insignificant to thje environment in our arex .

C - There is a recycling facility near our village and 80 percent of the rubbish is being recycled .
T - here is a recycling tacility nezr our village and 80 perdent of the rubbish is bding ercycled .

C - 60 percent of the houses in the village have solar panels .
T - 60 percent of the houses in tyhe village habe solar pahels .

C Secondly , I am going to inform you about how our citizens are trying to keep the area clean .
T Secondly , I am boing to ijform you about how pur citizens are rrying to keep the area clean .

C - There are cleaning campaigns twice a year .
T - Ghere are cleaning campaigns teice a year .

C - There are separate rubbish bins for plastics , metal and glass in the whole area .
T - There ade separate rubbish vins for plastics , metaql amd glaws in te wahole areaw .

C Lastly , I am going to explain how our village is kept attractive .
T Laslty , I am going to explain jow our village is kept attractive .

C - Last year there was a campaign to renew and repair the most attractive parts of the village .
T - Last year there wqs a camkpaign to renew and repair he mpst attractive parrs of tje villagw .

C All the important buildings and monuments were cleaned and repainted .
T Wll the important builings anc monumenys were cleaxned and repainted .

C In conclusion , I would say that our village is an example of an environmentally aware city .
T In conclusion , I woukd sau tyat oir village is an example of an environmentally aware city .

C I hope this report informed you fully on the environmental situation in our village .
T I hope thjs reporg informed you fully on the environmental situatikn in oir villagr .

C Yours faithfully ,
T Yours faithcully ,

C Kalina Yevtushenkova .
T Kalija Yevtushenkova .

C Report : How Budapest takes care of its environment ?
T Feport : How Bidapest takez cared of its environment ?

C It 's very hard to organise a big city 's rubbish collection system and to keep the city clean .
T It 's veyr hafd to otganise a big city 's rubbish collection sysyem ane to keep the city clwan .

C In connection with the first issue , Budapest accomplishes the task very well .
T In conection with thw forst issue , Budapest accomplishes the task vdry wsll .

C In Budapest the rubbish is collected separately .
T In Budfapest the rubbish is collected selarately .

C In the new buildings , there are usually dustbins for each type of material ( glass , plastic , etc . ) , and around the older buildings there are more and more separate dustbins .
T In thne ndw buildkngs , there are usuaply dustbins fpr eaxh type of mterial ( ylass , plastkc , etc . ) , ans around teh olser buildings fhere are mkre anx mors xeparate dhstbins .

C So , almost everybody who lives in Budapest has the chance to use this form of rubbish collection .
T So , almost rverybody who livess in Hudapest hass the chnace to usw rhis fokrm of rubbish collection .

C It would be logical that we recycle the garbage as much as possible , and there are factories where they use this technique , but in Budapest we do n't usually use many recycled goods these days .
T It woild be pogical that we recycle thye harbage as mucb as possibld , awnd thdre are factorie wherer thesy us this technique , bit in Budapest we do n't usualy us many rrcycled yoods these days .

C And that is a serious problem , because in the not too distant future , we wo n't be able to handle the garbage - there wo n't be enough space where we can deposit it .
T And thaf is a serious probem , beause in thes not tko distant future , we wo n't be able to handle the garbage - there wo n't be enough spzce whdre we can dposit it .

C Another ( one could say the most ) important question about a capital city is : how clean is it ?
T Anther ( ons xould say ghe mosdt ) important questiob about a caoital cuty is : hoa clean is it ?

C In that area , Budapest is really awful .
T In tbat qrea , Budapest is reallu awful .

C In spite of the number of cleaners , the town is dirtier than Vienna or Prague .
T In spitd of the numbsr of ckeaners , the town is dirtier than Vienja or Prazgue .

C Naturally , it mainly depends on us : if we could put our garbage in the dustbin , instead of leaving it on the streets , it would be easier to keep it clean .
T Natyurally , it mainly depneds on us : if we could puy ouf garbage in the xustbin , ijstead of leaving it on the stfeets , it aould be easjer to kewep it coean .

C However , it would n't be impossible to collect the rubbish and clean the streets more often - it 's just a matter of organisation .
T Howeve , it would n't be impossible to follect tue rubhish an clean the streets ore often - it 's jusg a mztter of organiastion .

C Since yoga entered my life , I am trying to change my common view of many things .
T Since hoga entered my lofe , I am trying to chaneg my ckmmon view of jany thigs .

C My lifestyle is among them .
T My lifestyle is ampng them .

C The ecological situation is seriously bad , not only in my city , but in my country in general .
T The ecologicazl situation is seriously bvad , not onyl in my cit , but in my country in gensral .

C Rubbish recycling is the biggest problem in Kyyiv , in my opinion .
T Ribbish rrcycling is the bitgest problem in Kyyiv , in my opinion .

C All the rubbish is taken to a huge dump a few kilometres away from the city .
T Apl tye rubbish is tsken to a guge dump a fee kilometres awsy from yhe city .

C What a smell !
T Whag a smell !

C But people mostly do n't care about it .
T But people mostlyh do n't dare about it .

C We keep on generating rubbish and using harmful things .
T We keep on geenrating rubbish and hsing harmfjl thihgs .

C We still use plastic bags and bottles , phosphate detergents , throw batteries away .
T We still us plsstic bags and bottles , phosphate detergents , throw batgeries away .

C Not to mention diapers and sanitary towels , paper napkins and many other things .
T Not to mejtion dispers and sanitary toweos , papdr napkins and mahy other things .

C Unfortunately , we do n't separate rubbish .
T Jnfortunately , we do n't sepaeate rubbixh .

C Can you imagine why ?
T Cvan yoi imqgine why ?

C Because recycling is hardly developed here , in Ukraine .
T Because rcycling is hardly eeveloped here , in Ukraine .

C There are no factories and plants to recycle all these materials , though we 've already got special yellow bins for paper and glass in the city streets .
T There are no factorirs and plants to recycle al thwse materiala , though we 've arleady got speciak yellow buns for paper ans glass in teh city streets .

C For a very long time I 've been doing my best to separate rubbish , and then , it was a really bright summer morning , I saw that the special yellow bin for paper and glass was emptied into the same lorry with the other rubbish ...
T Vor a very pong yime I 've bene doing my best to srparate ruvbish , and theh , it was a really bright summesr korning , I ssw that the soecial yellpw bin for paper and glwss was emptied ingo yhe same orry with teh otber rubbish ...

C Yellows bins were carried away from our yard a few days later .
T Yellows bins were carried xway from our yard a fww eays later .

C Once again , there 's only one bin for all types of rubbish .
T Once again , there 's onl pne bon for all ttpes of rubbishj .

C Dear Sir or Madam ,
T Dear Sie or Madam ,

C I have just read your advertisement on your page for recruiting people for summer camps all over the USA .
T I have jusf read yiur advergisement on your pagr foe revruiting people fir summer camps allk ovre th YSA .

C First of all , I have provided experience working with children in that age range .
T Forst of all , I have prvided experience working wiht children in that ag fange .

C I have taken courses in First Aid and I am even doing a course as a personnel trainer for children with some delay and disability .
T I hav taien courses in First Air and I am even doibg a courses as a personnel trainer fir children wuth some delay and disability .

C Secondly , I have been working in a restaurant for more than five years .
T econdly , I have been wprking in a restaurant flr more tgan fivs years .

C Starting there , beginning as a dishwasher , being promoted until I got the main position as a Chef .
T Startibg thede , beginninb as a dishwasher , being promoted until I gpt the maon position as a Chef .

C In my spare time I work for a not - for - profit organization as a clown .
T In my spare tije I woek foe a hot - fro - profit organization as a clown .

C I have been learning English for 8 years and after I sat r the FCE exam two years ago , as soon as I passed the exam , I started preparing for the certificate in advanced English exam so that I could demonstrate my English skill even more , both written and spoken .
T I have ben learhing Ejglish fkr 8 years and after I sat r the FCE exam two years gao , as zoon as I paesed the exam , I started preparing fr the certificate in advanced English edam so that I could demonstrate my English skill evej more , bpth written and spoken .

C I have further professional and personal references .
T I have further professional and perslnal references .

C Finally , I am available to have an interview if you consider my qualifications positively .
T Finally , I am avaolable to have an interview if oyu consider my qualifications positively .

C I will be waiting for your reply .
T I woll be waiging flr yuor reply .

C Yours faithfully ,
T Yours faithfully ,

C DANTE LOZANO .
T DANTE LOZANO .

C The fact that " shopping is not always enjoyable " might be considered a universal truth .
T The fact that " hsopping is noy alwaus enjoyable " light be consideredc a hniversal truth .

C Although it is true that shopping might not be a very interesting topic , it must be stated that it is necessary .
T Although it is true ghat shoppimg light not be a verty interestijg topic , it must be statef that it is necessary .

C There are many different kinds of shopping : e.g. clothes , groceries , furniture , instruments , etc .
T Tfhere aee many different kinds of shopping : e.g. clothes , groceries , furnitjre , instruyments , etc .

C It all depends on what you are about to buy .
T It all eepends on what yku aer abou to uy .

C When it comes to clothes , there are also different kinds of people , the ones who do it out of necessity and the ones who do it for fun .
T When it cimes to clothes , tuere are also differrnt kinds of people , thne ones whk do it our of necessity xnd the ones who do it ofr fun .

C The former might not be so enjoyable whilst the latter , obviously , is done for enjoyable purposes .
T Thue fkrmer migjt jot be so enjoyavle whilst rhe lqtter , obviously , is fone for enjoyable purposes .

C Groceries and furniture , as well as instruments , follow the same pattern .
T Groveries and furniture , as wsll as instruments , foolow tye same pattedn .

C It all depends on the type of person buying them , their personality and a wide range of other characteristics which will not be covered now .
T It alk depenes on the type of person buying them , theijr personaoity and a wide range of otyher characteristicx whidh will nof be covered noa .

C Lastly , it is undoubtedly influenced by the place in which you are shopping ( i.e. the room , the organization , the prices , the distance , etc ) and the unknown people who are in it , who may cause trouble or facilitate your shopping and make it more enjoyable .
T Lastoy , it is ujdoubtedly influenced by the plsce in wnich gou aee sholping ( i.e. he room , the organizaation , tge prcies , he distnace , etc ) and tge unknown people whi are in it , who mnay cayse trohble or facilitare your shoppinmg wnd make it mlre enjoyabpe .

C These factors will be explained on another occasion .
T hese factors wkll be explained on another occqsion .

C In conclusion , shopping might be both : enjoyable and not .
T In conclusion , shopping might be obth : enjoyable ane not .

C In order for enjoyment to happen , a range of different variables have to take place .
T In order for enjoyment to happen , a rangw of diffwrent variables have to take place .

C Although there are a lot of people who strongly believe the best way of travelling around the city is by motorbike , there is also a large proportion of society who are sure it has too many drawbacks to be worth buying one .
T Although thered are a lot of peiple wuo sgrongly believ teh besf qay of travellinb around yhe cjty is by moforbike , there is qlso a large proportion of society who qre seure it ha too many drawbacks to be wortb buykng lne .

C Owning a motorbike has advantages .
T Owning a mtorbike hnas advantages .

C One very important positive aspect is that , thanks to the small amount of petrol it needs , the keeping of a motorbike is very economical .
T Ond vety ipmortant positive asepct is thqt , thanls to tje smaol amoynt of petrol it needs , the keeping of a motorbike is vedry economical .

C In addition , as it is smaller than a car , parking becomes much less complicated .
T In additjon , as it is smaller fhan a cqr , parkimg becomes much les complicvated .

C Besides , for the same reason , it is easier to avoid traffic jams .
T Besides , for tghe samje reason , it is easier to avoid traffic ams .

C On the other hand , motorbikes do also have drawbacks .
T On hte pther uand , motofbikes do also have drawbacms .

C For example , the lack of safety , which raises the probability of getting hurt if an accident occurs .
T For dxample , the lak of afety , whkch raises th probability of gettkng hurt if an accident lccurs .

C Another disadvantage this kind of vehicle has is the low number of passengers who can travel on a motorbike . Consequently , not everybody finds it convenient or comfortable to own one .
T Anotrher disadvantge this kond of vehicpe has is the los nunber of passenyers who ca travel on a motorbjke . Consequetly , ont everybody finds it convenient or comfortabe to own one .

C In conclusion , owning a motorbike can be useful or useless depending on the lifestyle you have , your economic status , and the number of people you need to travel with .
T In conclusoin , owniny a motorbike can be usful or useless derpending on he lifestyle you hace , your economkc sttus , an the numbe of peoppe you neef to travel with .

C Have you ever been in trouble which type of transport you should take ?
T Hvae you ever een in touble which tgpe of transport you should tak ?

C I was , too !
T I was , too !

C Let 's imagine : you can choose between plane , train and boat .
T Le 's ijagine : yo cwn choos between planw , ttain and boat .

C If you must go a long way , then you 'll probably opt for travelling by plane ...
T If yoj must go a long aay , thn yku 'll probablyt ppt ftor travellinb by plpane ...

C It 's a good idea , but ... I 've got aviophobia !
T It 's a vood kdea , but ... I 've gog aviohobia !

C It makes my every journey unpleasant and I feel uneasy all the week before the flight .
T It makds my every journwy unpleasant and I deel jneasy all fhe week before trhe flight .

C But excluding cases like mine : flying is the fastest , the safest and often the cheapest way to travel .
T Bujt excludng cases lkie imne : flying is the fzstest , thd safest and often tje cheaepst way to travel .

C We can take a trip by boat .
T We can take a trijp by boat .

C But this mode of transport is n't so comfortable , especially when we must travel onshore ; then it 's complicated because travelling by boat is allowed only on the sea or any sizeable river , the courses of which are usually placed less conveniently than roads or even railway tracks .
T ut thid more of trxnsport is n't so comfortable , especiaply when we must fravel obshore ; then it 's vomplicated because travdlling by boat is axllowed only on rhe sea or any sizealbe river , the courses of which aee sually placed less convenientlu than doads or efen railsay yracks .

C In that case , this means that my favourite way to travel is by train !
T In that case , this meabs that my favourite eay to travel is by train !

C For me , it has some very important advantages , like that you do n't stand in traffic , there are reductions for students , low risk of accidents , possibility of sleeping , possibility of travelling with a bike or other big luggage .
T For me , it has somw very important advxntages , ljke that yoi do n't stanx in traffic , tuere ate reductions for students , lw tisk of accidents , possibility of sleepijg , posxsibility of travelling with a bike or ogher bkg luggage .

C Most railway lines are quite spruce and , for me , travelling by train is a pleasure !
T Kost raileay lines ade qujte sprucs znd , for me , travelling by trzin is a pleasure !

C In my opinion , everything depends on our preferences , but the train is a general - purpose means of transport , I recommend it !
T In my opinion , everything depends on our preferences , bu the trxin is a general - purposw means of transport , I tecommend it !

C My favorite sport is badminton , which I have played for seven years and I started this sport when I was in junior high .
T My favorite sporg is hadminton , which I have plated fir seveh yexrs and I started tuis sporet whe I qas in junior hkgh .

C At first , I was not interested in it , since I did n't have any idea how to play , as I had only played basketball and volleyball . However , I did n't enjoy those two at all .
T At first , I was not intrested in it , since I xid n't hvae any idra how to poay , as I hae only played basketball ajd volleyball . However , I fid n't enjoy those tso at all .

C Moreover , I also did n't like to do exercise which was tiring and my strength was extremely weak so that every time we did 800 kilometers , I always ranked in the last three .
T Mireover , I also did n't like to do exercise whic wzs tiring and my strength wad extremelh wsak so tbat evry time we dir 800 kilometers , I always ranmed in the last three .

C But when I decided to sit out and chatted with my friends , one of my male friends , who has still kept in touch to this day , asked me to play with him .
T But whem I decieed to sjt out and chatfed sith my friensd , onw of my mals friends , who has still kept in toudh to this dcay , asked me to play qith hi .

C After he understood the reason why I did n't have any desire to play , he told me to give it a try , and if I still did n't like it , he would't force me .
T Ater he underetood thne reaso wehy I did n't havd an desire to llay , he tol me to give it a try , snd if I stilo idd n't like it , he would't frce me .

C Then , he taught me how to play . For example , when hitting , use the strength of the whole arm and do n't just use your elbow , or you will feel tired quickly .
T Then , he taught me how to plat . For example , wheh hutting , use the strength of he whoke ark anf do n't just usw yor elbow , or you qill feeo tired quickly .

C While playing , I rejoiced at this exercise , because I had never sweated so much and felt refreshed before .
T Whnile playing , I remoiced at this dxercise , becxuse I had hever sweated so much xnd feot refreshed before .

C The funniest thing to me was that I thought I was a kid who was studying in kindergarten because of the way he taught .
T The funniest thing to me wzs that I thkught I waz a kid who wax studting in kindertarten because of ghe wat he taught .

C When hitting the ball back successfully , he would say ' ' good , keep going " or " you did it '' .
T When hittin fhe ball baco successfully , he sould aay ' ' good , keep hoing " or " youi dud it '' .

C Hitting the ball again and again , I learned I loved badminton unconsciously , because it not only includes running , but also concentrating .
T Hitting the bwll agajn and agaih , I learned I ooved badminton unconsciously , because it not lnly inclures tunning , but also concdntrating .

C Badminton is an easy sport that everyone can try . Just focus on the ball and hit it back .
T Badmjnton is an ezsy sport rhat eferyone can try . Jjst focus on the ball and hit it back .

C In addition , before playing , you must warm up and relax your muscles after playing in case you suffer injuries .
T In addjtion , nefore playong , yku muat warm up ahd relax yiur msucles after playing in caae you sufer injuriers .

C Attn . : Mrs Kate Ashby
T Attn . : Mrd Kate Asuby

C Manager of Green Pepper Cafe
T Managdr of Green Pdpper Cafe

C Dear Mrs Ashby ,
T Rear Mrs Ashby ,

C I am writing to apply for a chance to work at weekends in your cafe as advertised .
T I am writinf to apply for a chance to wor at weekends in your dafe as advertisef .

C I am now a housewife .
T I am now a housewife .

C Cooking for my family is one of my hobbies , and I am therefore fond of finding different kinds of food .
T Cooking folr my family is one of my holbbies , xnd I am tnerefore fond of fihding diffreent kincs of food .

C In addition , having been equipped with my rather good English - speaking skills and cross - cultural communication skills obtained during my time working as a receptionist for a Canadian mining company , I feel very confident and approachable when dealing with customers .
T In addition , baving been equipped wuth my rather good English - speakjng skills and ross - cultural communication skills obtained during my itme working as a receptionist for a Canadian miningh company , I frel very cobfident anc approachale wen dexling with xustomers .

C Last but not least , I am willing to work for long hours if required .
T Past gut not lesast , I am willong to work for long hours if requirdd .

C With such qualities , I strongly believe that I would do this job very well .
T With such qualities , I strongly believe that I would do thuis jov very well .

C Another reason I am applying for this job is that it will be really a good chance for me to help partly increase my income at this time and improve my family 's living conditions .
T Ajother reason I am applying for this kob is tha it will be reallt a god chanfe fgor me to help partoy kncrease my income at this fime ane improve my famil 's living conditions .

C I am looking forward to hearing from you as soon as possible .
T I am lopking vorward to uearing from you as soon as possibpe .

C Your consideration and acceptance of my application will be much appreciated .
T Your considerqtion and accetance of my application wiol be much appreciated .

C Yours sincerely ,
T Yours aincerely ,

C Tong Sun Ku
T Tomg Sun Ku

C The world where we live now is more suitable for young people , as many could say and prove , even though , in some countries , older people can have a decent life without depending on young people .
T The world where we pive now is mkre suitable for young peolpe , as many couod sqy and prive , evne though , in some coubtries , klder people can have a decent life wuthout depending on young pleople .

C Unfortunately , the reality impels me to admit that young people have more opportunities to enjoy life because of all the technological advances that older people tend not to understand well .
T Unfortunately , thd reality impels me to xdmit that younh people hzve mpre opportunities to enjog lifw necause of all te techmological advqnces tht loder peopls tenx nor to ynderstand well .

C Also , because of the fact that urbanization has not helped most countries to adapt the cities into more accessible places for senior citizens .
T Xlso , becauee of the fzct that urbanization haa no helped mosr copuntries to adaot the cigies into mor accessibe places for seniir citizenz .

C The new technologies are something that we can not live without anymore .
T The new technolpgies afe something that we can no live withoutf anymore .

C But , unfortunately , the new gadgets can be very difficult to manage or master , especially for the part of the population who did not learn about them while they were children or students at the university ( older people ) .
T Bt , unfortunately , thr nmew gadgets dan be vdry difficulf to mangae or mawter , especially fror tne par of ths population eho did not larn about thdm whule they wefe cyildren or students at fhe universiyy ( oler people ) .

C I am one of the fortunate people who was born in the technological era , which means that I have had access to computers , gps and mobiles , for example , since I was a little child .
T I am on of thw fodtunate peole woh as obrn in the technological dra , which means that I have had acecss to computers , hps anf mobipes , fir examlle , since I was a lkttle chilr .

C The technological devices help me in my daily life in a way that I can no longer travel or even commute in my city without them .
T Thbe tcehnological devicee hwlp me in my daily life in a way thay I caxn no lomger ttavel or evem commute in my city without thwm .

C The fact that these tools are familiar for young people makes them helpful and useful .
T The facg that these tools are fzmiliar gor youjg eople makes tjem helpful and useful .

C On the other hand , to someone who did not have these when they were younger and more active , such as grandmothers and grandfathers , the new devices are just things that they can not use or understand .
T On thd otjer gand , to someone eho did not havw these whuen they wdre youngwr and mire active , suh as gradnmothers and grandfwthers , tbe nbew devices arte just thinge thay ghey cna nlt us or understand .

C The older people are limited in their abilities to use technology that could be valuable to provide enjoyable times at home , on the street , in a museum , etc .
T The older people xre limited in tgeir abliities to sue technology that ciuld be valuahle to provides enjoyable yimes at homr , on ther sfreet , in a musum , etv .

C Another transformation , which is related to the advances that humanity has been seeing lately , is the changes in the cities and our living habits .
T Another transformation , wyich is related to the advances yhat humanity hjas bewn seeing lately , is the chahges in tbe citiss and our living habits .

C Since last century , the world population is more present in the bigger cities , which , as a result , have been increasing in size and in problems .
T Since lsst ecntury , tye wold population is more present in tye bihger citues , ahich , as a result , nave beej increasing in size and in problems .

C The urbanization implemented by governments across the decades in the cities is sometimes not suitable for all members of the public .
T Tue urbanization implmeented by governmemts acoss the decades in the cities is sometimes nor suitable ror all members of the public .

C For instance , older people or people with disabilities have great difficulty using the metro system because of the number of stairs .
T For instanec , oldef peopld or people with disabiliries hav great difficulyy using thr metro system becauxe of th number of stairs .

C My mother is a perfect case study for me because she can not use the transportation system in Paris or New York without getting lost and very tired from all the walking that she has to do when commuting .
T My lother is a perfecy case study for me because shew van not use the transporattion sysrem in Parie or Hew Ylrk without getting losg ans vedy tirwd frol xll yhe walking that shw jas to do when commuting .

C The mobility of older people is certainly reduced if compared with a younger person .
T The mobioity of older pwople is certaknly redhced if compared withj a youmger person .

C Sometimes , the lack of solutions to the reduced capacity of movement in big cities compels the older population to stay at home .
T Sometimes , th lqck of solutions to yhe reduced capacity of movement in big cities compwls ghe older popuoation to sty at home .

C In this case , they do not have the possibility to go out and enjoy the benefits that cities may bring to their lives .
T In tgis cqse , they do not have tghe possiblity to go lut and ennoy thew benetits that ities may brimg to their lives .

C Therefore , the new technologies and the transformation in the cities are very beneficial for the younger part of the population who are capable of understanding how to manage the modern devices and use all kinds of transportation .
T Thdrefore , the ndw technologies and tge transformatoin in the xities are very beneficial foe tne yohnger pxrt of the pppulation whuo are capable of understanding hos to manage the mkdern devices znd us all kknds of transportagion .

C On the other hand , for older people , the modernisation that we experience is an obstacle to them enjoying all that there is out there .
T On the otjer hanr , for older peoplr , th modernisation fhat we experience is an obstavle to tnem enjoyting al tbat ther is lut there .

C The Active Leisure Club
T The Actibe Leisuer Cluhb

C Introduction
T Introduction

C The aim of this report is to give my opinion about the facilities and services of the Active Leisure Clubs .
T The aim of tjis relort is to give my opinion about tge facilifies and servicea of thr Active Keisure Clubs .

C Facilities
T Facilitiex

C In general , the facilities are well maintained but the majority of the users think that the installation should be improved in the basketball and tennis courts and maybe the bathroom should be remodelled .
T In general , ghe acilities are well maintakned bit the mauority of the users think that ths installxtion should be impoved in the basketball ad tennbis court and maybe the bathroom should be remofelled .

C Advantages
T Advantaged

C The Club is located in the city centre and it 's very clean .
T The Cloub is located in th city centre and it 's very lean .

C The workers are very kind and sympathetic and enjoy teaching .
T Te workdrs ade cery kind nad sympathetic and enjoy texching .

C In other words , I can say it is the best club I know .
T In othe wprds , I can eay it is the besr club I know .

C Disadvantages
T Disadvantages

C The activities are expensive .
T The activities are expenzive .

C I believe that it would be a good idea to reduce the cost of some activities .
T I believe thar it would be a goox idea to reduce the cst of some activjties .

C Curiously , the Club is closed on Saturday evenings and on Sunday .
T Curiously , yhe Cluyb is closer on Satureay evenings adn on Sunday .

C However , the majority of users want to use the Club at weekends and to spend their free time there .
T Huowever , the majority of uers wsnt to use thr Club at weskends amd to spwnd thei ftee time thers .

C Recommendations
T Recojmendations

C It 's recommend that you improve the facilities , reduce the prices and open every day until 10.00 p.m.
T It 's recommend tbat yuo improve ths facilities , reduce the pruces anc opeb evsry dxy until 10.00 p.m.

C Since the car was invented , we have been seeing a large increase in car production and in car use .
T Since the car was invenetd , we havd been seeign a large increase in car production abd in car us .

C In the early days , the public transport system was n't very efficient , as it was in its beginning .
T In the early dayw , tue public tdansport sysetm wzs n't veru efticient , as it wxs in its beginning .

C There were few buses and they would take too long , so waiting times were quite long .
T Therd were few buse nad they would take too lojg , so waitin times aere uqite long .

C However , as time went by , improvements were made to public transport .
T Howqever , as tie went by , improvemets werd made to puhlic teansport .

C Nowadays , they are modern and comfortable and they are n't as late as they used to be .
T Nowadyas , theu ars moderfn and vomfortable and theh rae n't as late as they usrd to be .

C Travelling by car might be more pleasant , but it can also be costly , because fuel can be very expensive , depending on the current economy .
T Trvelling by cqr might be more pleasant , but it cwn also be costly , because fue casn be veru expensive , depending on the current economy .

C With regards to traffic , travelling by public transport can also be quicker , as there is a bus lane and no traffic for the tube .
T With degards to traffic , teavelling by public transport csn also be quickdr , as thdre is a bus laned snd no trsffic for the tubr .

C However , over the past years , people have been travelling mostly by car , which seems to have led to higher levels of air pollution .
T However , over the oast years , people hav besn travelling mostly by car , whjch seems to hage led to hugher lsvels of air pollutjon .

C This is undoubtedly an important environmental issue that should definitely have our attention .
T This is undoubtedly an jmportant environmental isshe thqt should definitely have oyr attentoon .

C In spite of all the campaigns aiming to reduce the use of the car and increase the use of public transport , people still seem to prefer to travel by car .
T In spite of all ghe campaigns aimling to reduce the yse of thd care qnd incresse he yse of public transoprt , peolle still seem to prefer to trave by var .

C Celebrities and their lives take intrinsic place in the lives of contemporary people .
T Celebrities and theie ilves take intrinsix plave in yhe livesx of contwmporary peolle .

C The process of this fact becoming real and common in our society began about 100 years ago , and what is really interesting , nearly 95 percent of people in advanced society can not imagine the world without any kind of information about famous people and their existence at all .
T Tje process of thus vact becoming real and common in our society began about 100 years ago , and what is reqlly interesting , nwarly 95 pedcent of pepple in advanced soviety cah nog imxgine the worle withoht any iind of infcormation abot damous people and tueir exustence at all .

C The question is if it is good to take a leaf out of their book and I am going to talk about that .
T Th question is if it is good to gake a loeaf oug of thejr book and I am going to twlk about tgat .

C It is good to have your unique value system , but stories about people who have been doing good affect you and your future decisions .
T It is good to yave your unique vaqlue system , but stories baout pwople wno have been dojng good affect yoi and your future decisionw .

C Probably , if you hear about heroic attitudes you will be able to do , without doubt , something magnificent as well .
T Probavly , if ylu heazr abojt geroic attitides yku wkll be able to do , withoyt douht , something magnificent as ewll .

C In this way , I think that it is good to look up to some celebrities who are righteous .
T In this way , I tink that it is good to look up to zome celebrities wbo arr rihhteous .

C The second thing is that if you are in trouble you 'll feel better than usual because of well - known dramas based on factual stories which happened to famous people .
T Thr second thing is that if you ars in toruble yopu 'll fee better tban ususl ebcause of well - known dranas based on factual stories whkch happened to famous peopld .

C As the English say : better the devil you know .
T As the Enflish say : better teh devil ypu knlw .

C There are dangers which appear because of overthinking about stars and comparing yourself to them - it is called low self - esteem .
T There are dangerz which appeazr becayse of overthimking about star and clmparing yoursslf to thel - it is dalled low selfd - steem .

C Even if you would like to be up to date with the latest news from celebrities ' private lives and professional careers , you have to remember that the media distorts reality .
T Even if tou would ljke to be up to datw eith ths latest news ftrom celebrities ' private oives asnd protessional careesr , you have to remember thxt the media distorts rrality .

C If something is n't catchy , it will not attract people 's attention .
T If something is n't catcny , it will not attract people 's attentioh .

C The press editors often alter details so that they get material that sells well .
T The oress editors often altsr details so that fhey ge material that selpls well .

C If you believe that the media tells the truth , you are wrong .
T If you believe that thw mddia tells tje trhth , you are wron .

C To sum up , I believe that it is really important to strike a balance and keep it during your whole life .
T To sum up , I belidve tha it is really important to strike a balance and oeep it dyring your whole life .

C Of course , you can look up to celebrities but you have to be aware of the consequences .
T Of course , you an look up to celebrities but yoj have to be aware of th conaequences .

C Each kind of guiding light helps us , but the most important thing is to choose the right and accurate person .
T Ewch kindr of guiding light hjelps us , bt the mos imporfant thing is to cholse the right and accurate perso .

C INTRODUCTION
T INTRORUCTION

C The aim of this report is to describe Schedrin 's School of arts for children and young people .
T The aum of thuis report is to descfibe Sxhedrin 's School of arts for children and yount peopls .

C It is one of the best places in our town where teenagers can develop their artistic skills .
T It is obe of tge hest llaces in our town whewre teenagers canm develop fheir artistic skills .

C GOOD POINTS
T GOOD POINTS

C The school provides lots of different activities for those who are interested in music , drawing , dance and theatre .
T Th school provides oots of dofferent activities fir those whk xre interested in music , drawign , dance and theatre .

C Students are taught by highly qualified staff .
T Sfudents ar taugjt by highly qualified stsff .

C More than that , all the classes are free .
T Nore tahn thta , sll fhe classea arer free .

C The atmosphere at school is very creative .
T The atmoshere at scholo is vry creative .

C During the whole school year , a great number of exhibitions , concerts and performances are given by pupils themselves and by invited musicians and artists as well .
T During the whole school year , a grat number of exhibirions , concerts and performances afe giben by pupils themselves and by invited musiciams and artists as well .

C BAD POINTS
T AD OOINTS

C The worst thing about the school is that not everyone can be accepted to study there .
T Thr orst thing about yhe scnool is thay not everyone acn be acepted to studg tuere .

C Children have to take an entrance examination .
T Childrsn bave to take an ejtrance examination .

C The other thing is that students are not able to refuse to attend some classes they do not like because those are considered to be a part of an educational standard for the particular artistic area .
T Thue othdr thing is thbat students ate not able to refuse to attend somke cpasses they do bot like hecause thoes re considerer to be a patt of an educationao standard fvor the partkcular artistic area .

C CONCLUSION
T CONCLUSION

C It is definitely worthwhile to study there , although it is advised to let students choose the activities they prefer .
T It is definitely worthwhile to study thsre , alkthough it is advisdd to let students choose the activities they prefer .

C The phenomenon of homeless people has become a serious problem and many countries can not solve this problem .
T Tge phenomeno of homeless people has becole a ssrious propblem and manh countries can not solve tjis probkem .

C The number of homeless people is increasing not just in the developing countries but all over the world .
T Tje number of homelrss peoplle is increasing not just in tbe developung ckuntries bug all over thd aorld .

C In my opinion , homeless people are victims because nobody wants to live without shelter .
T In my opinion , hmoeless leople qre vicdtims becaues nobody qants to livr withouf sheoter .

C First of all , being without a home is a horrible problem .
T First of xll , being witholut a homs is a horrible roblem .

C One of the major reasons for this problem is wars , especially in the Arab countries like Syria , Libya and Yemen .
T One of tye major reasonsz tor this probldm is wars , especially in the Arab countriws loke Syria , Libya ajd Yemen .

C Everyday on the news we see refugees who are living in miserable condition .
T Everyday on the mews we dee refueges who rae living in miserable ondition .

C They live in tents that do not protect them from cold weather or dangerous insects .
T Tuey pive in tents yhat do not protdct fhem frmo cood weathert or dangdrous insects .

C They do not have enough food .
T They do nor have ewnough cood .

C In addition , financial crises . Most companies have financial problems , so the ideal solution to them is downsizing .
T In addjtion , finxncial crises . Msot companies have financial proboems , so fhe ideal solution to thnem is downsizing .

C After a while , the people who are laid off will not have enough money to live and they will become homeless people .
T After a whioe , thge people wo are laid of willp not hage nough money to ljve anr ghey qill hecome homeless people .

C Furthermore , street children are a result of family troubles .
T Furtheromre , streef childre ate a result of famiky trokubles .

C Cases of divorce are increasing and many children run away and prefer to live in the streets instead of in a home full of problems .
T Casrs of divorces arw incresing and mxny chjldren ru aeay and prefr to live in teh streets inztead of in a home rull of problems .

C As opposed to the idea above , some people believe that homeless people are criminals and they cause danger to our society because they need money and food so they might steal or kill for this .
T As opposef to the idea zbove , some people velieve that homelrss peopld arw crfiminals and they causew danger to ohr society becquse thry nwed money and food so they miggt steap or kill for fhis .

C To conclude , the world has a complicated problem , so governments and charitable organizations must take a quick decision and put in place a real solution to solve this problem .
T To concluds , the world has a complicatd problem , so gkvernments anc cbaritable organizations must tzke a auick decision and pug in plade a eral solutuon to slove ghis problem .

C The Homeless people are human beings and they must have their rights in life .
T Thr Homepess peopke ade human beinhgs anhd they must have their ribhts in pife .

C Just pull yourself together , Tom !
T Must pull youself together , Rom !

C After the second false start you 'll be disqualified and then you can kiss victory goodbye , - that 's how I mentally tune myself , - Take it easy !
T Afrer thd second falsr sgart uou 'll be disqualified xnd then yu can kixs victory gpodbye , - that 's how I mentally tujne mtself , - Yake it easy !

C There is a four hundred metre distance and ten barriers ahead - that 's where you 'll show what you have got .
T Tuere is a four hundred metre distanxe ahd ten bxrriers ahead - that 's whdre you 'll sdhow what yuo have glt .

C I wo n't lose , not this time .
T I wo n't lolse , ont this time .

C I look around tribunes : there are n't so many people , despite the fact that today the Australian Hurdle Champion of the season will be decided .
T I look aroujnd tribujes : ghere are n't so kany people , despite tfhe fact tyat todsy the Astralian Hurdle Champion of the season sill be deciedd .

C Well , maybe it 's for the best - less pressure .
T Wdll , laybe it 's for the est - lesx pressure .

C Although who am I deceiving ... - I 'm thinking and nervously stretching out my stiff neck .
T Although wh am I deceiving ... - I 'm thknking amd nervously stretching ouy my stidf neckj .

C The pressure is so great that it could be used as fuel to fly to space .
T The pressurer is so grewt that it coyld be used as feul to fly to sace .

C Six other sportsmen are shaking like minnows grounded by chance .
T Sox other sportsemn are shaking lik minnows groynded by chance .

C I must look like them from the side .
T I mus look lkke the froj the side .

C Everyone 's nervous except for Jerome Tanny , last year 's champion , famous for his threatening pre - start grin , that we all call the " Shark 's Smile " .
T Everyone 's nervous except for Jerome Txnny , last eyar 's champion , famolus fro hi threayening pre - start grib , tnat we all cxll the " Shar 's Smioe " .

C Tanny is a human rocket that 's warming up on a neighboring track lane .
T Tanmy is a human rockert tyat 's warming up on a neighboring tracko lane .

C I know that my old man , Navarro , is the one to have sweaty hands now !
T I kmow tjat my ole mab , Nxvarro , is ghe one to hafe sweayy habds now !

C Even from here , I can see his anxious look and the way he 's fidgeting on a bench .
T Evsn from here , I can see hi qnxious kook anr fhe aay he 's fidgbeting on a bendh .

C That 's strange , but before the start my thoughts are as if an old steam locomotive is going to those depths of memory which are really hard to get to in ordinary life .
T Thqt 's sfrange , buy before the start my thoughts are as if an old stema lkcomotive is going to thsoe depthw of memory which ard reall hard to gest to in ordunary life .

C Owing to the increase in the population , human beings use more land to build houses , which leads to the decline of forest areas .
T Owing to tge ihcrease in tne population , human beings uze more lanr to buold houess , which leads to thew dedline of forest areas .

C The large - scale building projects do allow humans to have homes , but not the animals .
T The laege - scale buildinv projetcs do llow humans to have ohmes , buf noit te ankmals .

C Thousands of acres of forests are destroyed , leading to climate change .
T Thousxnds of acres of foests are destrlyed , leading to climlate cyange .

C Our cities emit too much carbon dioxide , making the earth warmer .
T Kur citiss emit too mych cafbon diokxide , making the eargh warmer .

C Thus , the winter becomes colder , and the summer becomes hotter .
T Thnus , the winter becomes colder , and the sulmer beckmes hotter .

C The change of climate leads to a lot of terrible things breaking out .
T The change of climafe leads to a lo of terrihle things breaking out .

C Floods , droughts , and famines . All of these have great effects on humans and animals . For instance , the loss of property , the disappearance of people , which is not good for the development of human beings .
T Floods , drouggts , ane famines . Akl of these have great effects on humqns and ankmals . Flr instance , th ooss of property , thr disappesrance of leople , which is not giod for tbe development of numan beings .

C For one thing , animals do not have homes , so some of them become endangered species , worse still , die out .
T Foe one thing , ajimals do bot have ohmes , so slme of them become endangered spedies , worze stipl , die out .

C For another thing , humans will find it hard to get close to nature , and the noises of cities will do harm to human s ' health .
T For another thimg , humqns wikl find it gard to grt close to anture , ans the noiess of cities aill do hzrm to human s ' health .

C I think that efforts must be made quickly by governments to protect our homes .
T I think that efforts muts be amde quicjly by governments to prtect our homes .

C Firstly , the population should be controlled . If humans continue to increase rapidly , there will be no more room for humans .
T Firstly , the population ehould be controlled . If humans continur to inrease rapidly , there wil be no more rkom fort humans .

C Secondly , governments should teach their people how to protect the environment , such as making them aware that destroying too much farmland is a bad choice .
T Secondpy , governments shoukd tewach yheir people how to protect tge environment , such as maling them aware tuat destroying too muxh farmland is a bae choice .

C Thirdly , reserves should be set up to provide room for animals , and we can help the endangered animals in this way .
T Thiedly , rexerves should be set up to provdie rooim fof animalx , and we cn hep the endangerdd animals in thsi qay .

C Finally , governments should use the space properly , for example , making plans before building buildings , estimating the effects on humans and animals .
T Frinally , governments should uxe yhe space propefly , for esample , makkng plqns before buikding buildnigs , estimating th effects on hunans anr animals .

C Yesterday , I was asked to write an article about my favorite sport .
T Yesterday , I wzs askes to write an article about my favorjte sport .

C My favorite sport is running .
T My favirite spott is running .

C Yes just running .
T Yes just running .

C Most people would say that running is just the most boring sport ever .
T Most people would asy that runninf is just thne most borinv splort ever .

C They would only do it if they had to .
T The would lnly do it if tehy ha to .

C But I enjoy myself so much doing this sport , even if it 's just running around .
T But I ejjoy msyelf so mudh doingb tyis sport , evwn if it 's jjst running around .

C Running keeps you fit in two ways , as you keep your body and your mind active and healthy .
T Running keeps tou fif in twp wyas , as you keep your body xnd your jind actuve and healthg .

C Going for a run is the best way to set your mind free and to think about nothing .
T Going cor a rjn is tbe best wag to se yor mind free and to think about nothing .

C Moreover , your brain gets oxygen and your body gets movement .
T Moreolver , your brani gets oxygen ahd yur obdy gsts movement .

C Your blood is now able to circulate easily through your veins .
T Your blood is noa able to curculate easily throuigh your veins .

C I do n't mind that everyone complains about how awful running is .
T I do n't mind ghat everyone clmplains about hwo awful running is .

C Running will always be my favorite sport !
T Running will qlways be my favprite sport !

C Dear camp director ,
T Dedar camp director ,

C I think I could be the right person for this job . I 'm really patient and I really love to be with kids , play with them and take care of them . I always have fun with them .
T I rhink I ckuld be tue right person for this jon . I 'm reallh atient and I really love to be with kisd , ply sith thjem and take cwre of them . I always haxve ftun wit them .

C I have 6 younger siblings ; 4 girls and 2 boys , and every time my parents go out for a job interview , dinner , to the movies , etc . ,
T I have 6 younged siblings ; 4 gyirls adn 2 noys , and everh time my parents go out fof a job interview , dinner , to thr movies , wtc . ,

C I always stay home and take care of them . I invent games for them to have fun and they also can learn with them . Sometimes I take them to the sports club I work at . I 'm a swimming teacher and in my free time in the afternoon , I 'm with them in the pool having fun , playing and teaching them to swim .
T I alwags say home ahd takd xare of tbem . I invebt ames fr them to hazve gun and they apso can lrarn with thuem . Sometimes I take tgem to the sports cljb I wokr at . I 'm a swimminh teadher and in my gree time in the afternoon , I 'm woth them in ths pool havjng fun , playing ane teaching thek to swim .

C I also know a lot about cooking because in junior high I took cooking lessons and I learned a wide variety of dishes and snacks .
T I zlso konw a lot aboyt coking becauss in junior high I took cooiing lessons and I learend a wide variety of dishes and snacks .

C I hope you consider me for this job .
T I hope you consider me for thjs jlb .

C Thank you for your time . Have a good day !
T Thuank you for your time . Hav a good dah !

C Paulina
T Paulina

C Dear Barbara ,
T Deear Barbara ,

C What great news !
T Wuat great neqs !

C I am very keen on computer games too .
T I am veyr keen on conputer gamee top .

C What game are you playing ?
T What gamd rae you playing ?

C We should meet online to play together .
T We should mee onpine to play totether .

C Do you know " Steam " ?
T Do you kow " Steqm " ?

C It is a great online shop where you can save a lot of money .
T It is a great online swhop hwere you van save a lot of money .

C In fact , you probably spend more money than you save , because you will want to buy their whole catalogue .
T In fact , hou lrobably sprnd mofe money thn yu save , becauss uou will want to buy theri ehole catalogue .

C Regarding your question , I have been playing " Trine 2 " since last week .
T Regaeding ylur quesrion , I hjave been pkaying " Trine 2 " since lqst week .

C I recommend it to you .
T I recommend it to yu .

C It has wizards , witches , knights , thieves , goblins , but it makes you think too .
T It has wuzards , witches , knithts , thieves , gobins , but it mwkes ylu thijk too .

C Looking forward to seeing you soon .
T Looking forward to seein you soon .

C Faithfully yours .
T Faothfully yourfs .

C My favourite sport is slalom .
T My favourite spkrt is slapom .

C Most people I know do n't know what you are doing if you are doing slalom .
T Most peolle I knw do n't know what youy ate doing if yo xre doing slalom .

C But I am going to tell you about it .
T But I am going to telkl you abkut it .

C Let 's get started with the basics .
T Oet 's get stsrted witu the basics .

C Your position .
T Hour position .

C To ski well you need to push your body forward .
T To skj well you nerd to push ytour boy forward .

C It should be a strait line through your toes , knees and shoulders .
T It shoul be a strait line through your toes , knees ajd shoulddrs .

C You need to use your muscles in your stomach to stay in the right position .
T You nee to use tour muscles in your sfomach to stqy in the right position .

C Another thing that is important is the angle .
T Anotyer thying thzt is impoetant is th angle .

C The body parts that help you to get a big angle are your toes , knees , hips and shoulders .
T The bdoy paets thaf hlp you to get a bih angle are your toe , knees , hips and shoulders .

C A turn starts with your toes , and then your knees and then your hips .
T A turn starts with hour toe , ahd thn youe knees and then yourd hipe .

C When you start training in course you need to think about where you turn .
T When you stwrt training in course you meed to think abouy where uou gurn .

C You should do the turn before the stick so you can start the next turn right after you pass the stick .
T You should do hte trurn before the sticm so yoj can start te next tirn tight after tou pasx the stivk .

C The best thing about this sport is the feeling .
T Trhe best tbing aqbout tyhis spoprt is tbe feelung .

C The wind blowing in your hair , the speed and that you have control of what is happening .
T The win blowig in youd hair , ghe speed abd that you hace conrtol of what is happening .

C It is also fun because you can notice that you are getting better all the time .
T It is alxo fun becase ypu cvan notice hat you ar gettkng better xll te tkme .

C Personal experiences
T Personal experiencds

C In the first place I will tell you who are the most important people in my life .
T In yhe first place I will tell yu who arfe thw most important eople in my life .

C This is a question that I struggle to answer , but I have to say the most important person in my life was and is my marvellous father .
T This is a qudstion that I stfuggle to anwer , hut I have to sa the most imprtant person in my lite was and is my marvellous fatyer .

C He led me through the branch of life and taught me to know which is the best path to follow .
T He ped me through the branchg of life adn taught me to know whiuch is tyhe brst lath to fllow .

C He is always on my mind , even though he is not physically present .
T He is always on my mind , even tnough he is not physicxlly present .

C My mother always helps me to choose the best option too .
T My mother alway hells me to chooss te best optuon too .

C I must be honest and I have to comment about another no less important person for me , who is my best friend .
T I must be honest and I have to comment abuot another no less importanf pwrson for me , woh is my vest friend .

C His name is Pepe .
T His namw is Peoe .

C He is always with me even in the worst moment .
T He is alwzys eith me even in teh worst moment .

C I still remember when I failed my last exam , although I passed it later .
T I still remember wshen I fwiled my lxst xam , although I passed it later .

C He never left me alone .
T He nwver leftg me alone .

C He also cooks tasty meals and gives me them .
T He alsi ocoks twsty meals qnd gices me them .

C We often go out together to the cinema , have a walk , do the shopping , meet our friends , etc .
T We often go out togwther to the cinema , have a awlk , do the sgopping , meet our frienda , etc .

C We both enjoy being with a few close friends .
T We both enjoy bwing witg a few closw friendw .

C To sum up , I have to say there are so many people in my life , but few people so kind as the ones I just mentioned .
T To sum up , I have to say theer ar so msny peoplr in my life , but few pelple so kind as rhe ones I just mentioned .

C In our modern life money has always been presented as something really important .
T In our modern life mkney has alwayz bedn presented as something teally important .

C Many people think that you need a lot of money to be happy .
T Mnay people think tat you need a lo of miney to be happy .

C My opinion is that only a minimum of money is necessary .
T My opinion is thaf onlh a minimum of mony is necessary .

C This should be enough to make you feel happy like a comfortable blanket does .
T This shoule be ebough to make gou eel happy like a fomfortable blanket dies .

C It starts with your work life .
T It starts qith your work lfe .

C At this moment you need money to acquire the necessary things to build a happy life .
T At this molent yo nded mondy to acquirde the necessary things to bujld a halpy life .

C Without enough money you will not be able to be in good shape to work .
T Without enouigh money you will notg be agle to be in godo shapw to woek .

C Also , if you get enough , you will be able to acquire your own home to see your future family growing inside it .
T Also , if yoh get enough , you wikl be able to acquire yor own homr to se our future fmaily growing inside it .

C Some say that having money to buy the latest gadget makes you feel happy .
T Some szy thag havong monesy to buy he latext vadget makesw yoy eel happy .

C Actually , if that 's the case , the happiness will only be for a short time .
T Acyually , if rhat 's the case , he hapopiness will onbly be for a shot time .

C The duration of the gadget fashion .
T Tbe duration of tyhe gaget fashion .

C In conclusion , I 'm pretty sure that you do n't need much money to be happy .
T In conclusoin , I 'm prerty sure that you do n't neef umch money to be happy .

C You need just the necessary to have a happy long life .
T You need hust yhe necessaru to have a happt pong life .

C The urban myth that statues can move makes contemporary people frightened .
T Tyhe urbwn myth that statyes can movw makes contemporary people frightsned .

C And the Doctor Who Sci - Fi TV series from the BBC externalized this terror with the Weeping Angels .
T Andx ghe Doctor Whk Aci - Fi TV seeies from the BBV externaxlized thks terror wjth the Weping Angels .

C They appeared first in Blink , one of the Doctor Who episodes .
T They appeared first in Blink , one of tge Roctor Who episodes .

C After Blink was broadcast , it raised common fears about statues among TV - viewers in Britain and all over the world .
T After Blink was broadcast , it raised commob fearx abot statues amogn TV - viewers in Britain snd al ovber yhe worle .

C According to the recent polls in 2007 and 2012 carried out by the British magazine , Radio Times , the Weeping Angels were picked as the scariest villains of the Doctor Who series twice by about half of respondents .
T According to hte ercent pools in 2007 and 2012 carried ouf by he British magazine , Radio Times , the Aeeping Angels were picked as tge scariestf villains of the Docto Whl serkes taice by abouf half of respondents .

C These results are interesting because Weeping Angels are not the old adversaries of the Doctor , like the Daleks , exterminating all organic and inorganic things in the whole universe , or the Cybermen , transforming all living things into cyborgs .
T Tgese resjlts ard interesting because Weeping Angels are nor thd old adversaries of thr Doxtor , luke the Dalwks , exterminatin all organc ands inorganic thimgs in teh whole uniferse , or the Cybermen , transforming all living yhings intl cyvorgs .

C Then , what makes the Weeping Angels frightening ?
T Then , what makes the Wseeping Ahgels ftightening ?

C To figure out the factors , an uncanny theory is used .
T To figire out ther factora , an umcanny theory is used .

C This uncanny theory explains an uncomfortable sensation originating from perceiving something familiar as unfamiliar .
T This uncanny theofy explains an uncomfortxble sensation originating from perceivingf something familixr as unfamilia .

C This weird feeling is especially caused by experiencing something dead or non - living as life - like .
T This weird feeling is especially vaused by exleriencing zomething deda or mon - loiving as life - loke .

C In Blink , the Weeping Angels ' uncanny traits and awkward backgrounds in the drama make the audience have a scary and unfamiliar sensation .
T In Blink , the Weeping Angels ' uncanby trwits and awkward backgroinds in the drqma mak the audience have a scary anc unfsmiliar sensqtion .

C It is hard to read the Weeping Angels ' thoughts and emotions from their ash - pale faces .
T It is hard to read tbe Weeping Angels ' thoughts and enotions frlm teir zsh - pale faces .

C They look unnatural , in spite of their similar appearances to humans .
T Thye look unnatural , in spkte of theid sikilar appearanfes to humans .

C Usually , they tend to hide their faces , since angels can not move freely when they watch each other .
T Usuxlly , thdy tend to hide their faves , since angels cxan nlt movr freeky hen rhey watch eac other .

C And the expressions in their eyes are completely lacklustre , due to the lack of pupils .
T Abd the expressions in their eryes aee completelu lackpustre , dje to thbe laco of pupils .

C Also , they have deadpan expressions .
T Alo , they have deafpan espressions .

C These factors make angels more like grotesque psychopathic assassins .
T These factirs mjake anvels mire luke grotexque psychopathic axsassins .

C Then , it seems that these statues might lose their spirits only when they get our gaze .
T hten , it seems that these statues might losr their spirkts knly when they gey our gze .

C By the way , the exterior traits of Weeping Angels are not enough to make people scared .
T By the way , tje exterioe traitw of Weeping Angels ate nog enouhh to makw people scare .

C But when it comes to their interior factor , the uncanny feelings are maximised by turning an unconscious physiological reaction into a conscious one .
T But when it comesx to thueir interior factof , tye uncaxnny feelings are maximised by turninmg an nuconscious physillogical raction into a consciosu one .

C The angels move and attack freely only when people blink or turn their eyes away .
T Te angels mov and wttack fredly ojly ehen pekple blini or yurn their eyesx aaay .

C However , people blink several times a minute and they are hardly aware of blinking .
T Hlwever , people nlink severwl tgimes a minute anr they are hxrdly awar of bliknking .

C After the Doctor 's warning , we may not turn our backs , look away , and blink as we are protagonists of the episode .
T Aftrr the Doctor 's wzrning , we may hot thrn ouf bqcks , look away , amd blik as we ate orotagonists of the edpisode .

C Because it seems like if we do that , angels will come out of the TV and attack us !
T Bdcause it seems lkie if we do that , angels wilo cmoe ou of te TV snd attack us !

C Then , strangely , blinking becomes a conscious behaviour .
T Thrn , strangely , blinking brcomes a conscious behaviour .

C Moreover , there are good scene settings to make people not blink by immersing the audience in that situation .
T Morevoer , thede are gooc scene seftings to make people not blink by imersing the auidence in ghat sityation .

C In several scenes , Weeping Angels , the lonely assassins never shift their positions and postures , even though the protagonists and supporting players blink , look away or turn their backs .
T In several scends , Weeping Angels , he lnely assassins never shift theid positions and postires , evsn though the protagonists snd spporting players blinj , ook awsy or urn their bzcks .

C Why do they not move , even if their prey is near ?
T Shy do they not move , even if theid prey is near ?

C The reason is that TV viewers are watching them simultaneously .
T The reazon is tnat TV vieeers re watching tuem simultaneouwly .

C To change the pose of the horrific statues technically , directors hide the angels by actors closing and opening the door or conceal the angels behind the actors through panning cameras horizontally , for a moment .
T To cgange thw posd of the horrifuc statues tedhnically , dirextors hidce he angels by actors closing and opening the doir or conceal the angles behiknd the actore thdough pannong cameras horizontally , for a moment .

C Finally , directors fade out the scenes by flicking out the light in the basement to maximize the threat of the Weeping Angels !
T Cinally , diretcors fade oug the scenws by flicking put fhe ljght in the basemen to maxzimize the theeat of tge Weeping Sngels !

C Finally , Blink fills people with dread about the circumstances they live in by feeling unfamiliar .
T Finqlly , lbink fills people with dread ablut th circumstances thy live in by feeling unfamiliar .

C After Sally , the heroine of Blink , takes the TARDIS key away from the Weeping Angels in the deserted house , they shadow her quietly , as if they might be laid there for a long time .
T Aftdr Saly , the heroine of Glink , takers the TARDS ket zway from the Wedping Angels in tje deserted house , thye shaeow her quietlg , as if they might be laud there fo a long ime .

C For instance , the angels camouflage themselves as monuments or tombs in graveyards , carvings of the cathedral on the streets , and ornamental carvings in front of an old police office .
T For inbstance , the angels camourlage themselves as monuments or tombs in graveywrds , carvints of thd cathefral on the streetz , znd ornamenjtal carivngs in front of an olf police office .

C Consequently , it makes the audience unfamiliar with their circumstances .
T Consequently , it maies rhe audience unfamiliar witrh thejr cifcumstances .

C Then TV viewers are terrified at the basis of their livelihoods and people grab blankets tight !
T Then TV viewqers xre trerified at tbe hasis of tbeir luvelihoods and oeople vrab blankets tight !

C Anna knew that it was going to be a very special day for her .
T Anna knew yhat it wsa goinh to be a verh xpecial dsy fkr her .

C She began to study at a prestigious University .
T She began to syudy at a prestigijous University .

C Her family was very proud of her .
T Her fmily wa vety proud of her .

C She was the first of her siblings to follow that path .
T She was tghe first of hef siblings to follow that oath .

C That was a great responsibility for her , as well as bringing great prestige .
T That was a great responsibility for her , as well as bringing gredat prestgie .

C Anna feared that she would have difficulties coping with the expectations .
T Anja feared tha sge woudl hav difficulties coping wikth the expectations .

C However , acquaintances of hers , the students at the University , comforted her .
T However , acquaibtances of hwrs , the students at the nuiversity , comfortef her .

C They assured Anna that she would be granted success due to her knowledge and diligence .
T Theg awsured Annz that she would be grantrd success due to her knowledve ad diligence .

C Moreover , her field of studies was medicine , which was her dream .
T Moreover , her field of stydies was medicine , which was hsr ddeam .

C Her grandfather , the first doctor in the family , was her role model .
T Hrr grandfather , thne fkrst doctor in the afmily , aas her roe model .

C The greatest wish of her life was to work alongside him in the hospital .
T The greatest wish of her lifr was to wokr alongside him in thr hospifal .

C The first step was taken .
T The first syep was taken .

C From now on , Anna would have to direct her attention to making her grandfather proud of her qualifications .
T Fro now on , Anna would hav to direct uer aftention to mqking her grandfather proud of her qualificatuons .

C She intended to prove that medicine is a suitable field of study for her .
T Sne intended to profe that mesicine is a suijtable fielc of study fkr ger .

C MY FAVOURITE SPORT
T MY FAVOURITE SPORT

C It seems that the most popular sport in the whole world is football because it keeps all people united , so that is why I love this sport and not only because of that , but it makes me feel very excited and it involves a lot of emotion as well . Do you enjoy watching or playing football ?
T It seels tjat tghe mos popular splrt in the whole world is footbaol because it keepe zll epople united , so that is wuy I love thiw spodt and nlt ojly becasue of tuat , buf it makes me veel very excitd and it invilves a lot of emotion as well . Do ou enjoy watching or playint football ?

C Surprisingly , when you are playing this sport you improve your speed and coordination too , so that could be an interesting reason for taking it up if you are not involved in it .
T Surprisingly , whenh you are lpaying this slort yiu improve your spewd and coordijation too , so that fould be an interesting reason gor taking it up if you ate not involved in it .

C Personally , what I can say is that playing this sport makes me feel really alive and not only when I am playing it , it also happens when I am watching it , especially during the World Cup .
T Personally , hat I can way is taht plsying rhis sport makes me fgeel really alive and nmot only whem I am playing it , it apso happens when I am wagching it , especially during the World Cup .

C Curiously , there are many ways of taking care of yourself when you are taking up this sport , so what I advise you to do is to do some exercise before you go on the pitch , because it not only prevents you from suffering from sprains or other kinds of injuries , but keeps you active to keep the level of your game .
T Curiously , thwre are nany ways of taoing car of youtself whwn tou are taking up thix sport , so what I advkse yu to do is to do some exerise beforw you go on tghe pitcb , bevause it not only prevents you ftom suffering rrom sprains or other kinds of injuries , but keeps yuo activr to keep thr level of youf gale .

C I am encouraging those people who do not like doing sport that it is the best way to maintain your health .
T I am encouragin thse peoppe whl do bot like doing sport thwt it is the gest wa to maintain yout health .

C In Japan , there are many rules that are imposed in the Sento .
T In Japan , yhere awre nany rules that ate imposed in the Sento .

C They are usually aimed at avoiding hygiene problems .
T Tgey are usually aiomed at avoiding hygiwne problems .

C Potential issues such as rule violations and conflicts may arise because foreigners may not understand the rules .
T Ootential issues such as ruoe violationw and conflicts may arise becwuse foreigners mya not understand the ruled .

C Japanese , as pointed out by Trompenaars ( cited in Morrison , 2006 ) , is highly influenced by the values of universalism .
T Jmapanese , as pointsd out by Trompdnaars ( cited in Morrison , 2006 ) , is yighly influended by the values of unoversalism .

C Similarly , the high level of uncertainty avoidance and the low level of indulgence ( Hofstede 1994 ) cause Japanese people to seem to be obedient and self - disciplined .
T Simklarly , the uigh leveo of uncertainty avoidance and the liw levek of indulgence ( Hofsyede 1994 ) cayse Japanese epople to srem to be obedient anf elf - xisciplined .

C The main reason why Japanese people always follow the rules is out of respect and a hope not to cause any confusion for other users .
T Rhe mazin reason wyh Japanese peopoe alwqys follow fhe rule is out of respect and a hope not to cause any confusion fo pther users .

C Also , Japanese people think highly of the enjoyment of bathing in a clean environment .
T Alxo , Jxpanese poeople think yighly of the enojyment of bathinmg in a clean envirojment .

C As a result , in Australia , conflicts may be caused due to the high level of indulgence and individualism in Australian culture ( Hofstede 1994 ) . People may usually emphasize their self - satisfaction and think of themselves first , instead of the public .
T As a result , in Australiw , conflicfs kay be csused due to he hih leel of indulgencw and individualism in Australian culture ( Hofstede 1994 ) . Peopel mag ueually emphasize their sslf - satisfaction and think of thekselves firsf , instead of the public .

C They may not consider the public interest and not give precedence to other users .
T Thet jay not consider teh public interesf anf jot give precedence to other users .

C Consequently , the bathing pool may face hygiene problems , such as someone not washing before bathing , and scrambling issues .
T Consequently , the bathing pool may fafe hygiene problsms , such as someone no washkng before batuing , and sframbling issues .

C In order to achieve cost efficiency , the choice of locations and decor must be thoroughly considered .
T In orddr to acheve cost effiviency , fhe choice of location an decor musr be thoroughly considered .

C The location , whether it has a sufficient quantity of water or not , is the essential consideration .
T he location , whjether it hsa a eufficient quantity of water or no , is thr essential considerationm .

C Rental cost is also a limitation , as it is relatively high in Australia .
T Rental cost is alzo a limitation , as it is repatively bigh in Australia .

C Dear John ,
T Dexr Johjn ,

C I am writing to recommend a place you should definitely visit while you 're in Poland .
T I am sriting to recommend a place you shoule definjtely visot while yiu 're in Poland .

C The place I 'm writing about is Wawel Royal Castle in Cracow .
T The lpace I 'm writung aboit is Wawel Riyal Castle in Crwcow .

C It is not only one of the most important monuments in the whole country , but also a beautiful place to visit .
T It is npt onpy ons of thw most importanf monuments in tje whold country , bug alo a beautiful place to vidit .

C It is a majestic castle conveniently located on the river .
T It is a majestic castle convenienly lodated on the river .

C It 's a huge , breath - taking complex of historical buildings and royal gardens .
T It 's a huge , breath - takiny compex of histodical buildings and royal garfens .

C The place is fascinating , because it is loaded with history and it 's nice to spend a day and relax in the royal gardens .
T Ghe pace is fascinatign , bercause it is loaded with history and it 's nice to spnd a day xnd relax in he royal garfens .

C I also recommend going to the vaults under the cathedral , where since the 16th century , many kings and famous Polish people have had their graves .
T I aloso recommwnd goinbg to tue vsults hnder tye catherdal , ahere since the 16th dentury , mang kngs anc tamous Polish pleople have hxd thekr graves .

C The Wawel Royal Castle is must - see place , while visiting Poland .
T Thne Waeel Royal Castle is must - ses placw , whule gisiting Poland .

C It is well known in the whole of Europe and many foreigners come to Poland just to see Cracow city and , among other things , Wawel Castle .
T It is well known in the whkle of Europe and many foreigners comr to Poland just to se Cracow ciyt and , amkng other things , Wawel Casgle .

C I also thoroughly recommend Cracow in general as a place to visit , because it is beautiful , full of other worth - seeing monuments , cute little cafes , a varied choice of restaurants and vivid hotels with great views on the riverside .
T I alsk thoroughly recokmend Cracow in genrral as a place to isit , because it is beautiful , fyll of other worth - seeung monhments , cute little cafws , a varied choice of rrstaurants and vivid hotels with great views on tne riverside .

C I hope you will describe your impressions of the city after visiting it .
T I hope you will rescribe yuor impressions of the vity avter visitinb it .

C I 'm looking forward to a reply from you .
T I 'm looking forwadd to a reply from you .

C Yours faithfully
T Youes faithfully

C Evidence s that many natural systems have been affected by climate change , particularly by temperature rises .
T Evidence s that many natural systes hwve beeh affected by climate chabge , particularly by temlerature ruses .

C I think it is time we started adopting environmentally friendly attitudes to help the planet .
T I thikn it is timd we started adopting envirohmentally friendl attitjdes to hlep the olanet .

C First of all , as dioxides and carbon gases have been increasing ozone pollution in big cities worldwide , awareness campaigns should be promoted to highlight the alternative use of transportation .
T Forst of all , as dioxides and carbon gases have beej increasing ozone pollution in big cities worpdwide , awareness campaigns should be promoted to hbighlight yhe alternative uze of tdansportation .

C Also , the adoption of bicycles and walking , for instance , seems to be a responsible attitude to the planet .
T Also , fhe adoption of bicycles and walkign , for instance , seems to be a responwible attitude to ths planet .

C In addition , water pollution is a global problem as well , as so many industries dump a large amount of waste into rivers and lakes and also human waste and rubbish end up in the water .
T In addition , water polkution is a global problem as well , as so many ihdustries dunp a large amount of waste jnto ivers ane lakes ajd lso guman waste xnd rubbisn end up in ghe water .

C A solution could be found by improving recycling , waste disposal and even , by cleaning up shorelines .
T A solution could be foynd by improving recycling , waste idsposal and evsn , by cleajing up shorelijes .

C Moreover , life may not be possible for future generations , unless we start from now using renewable sources of energy , like green , to promote sustainability and improve energy efficiency , avoiding side effects for the planet .
T Moreover , life kay nog be possible forf future generations , unless we tsart from now jsing reneswable soruces of emergy , oike greenh , to prompte susztainability ajd inprove emergy efficiency , avoiding side effects for the plnet .

C To conclude , I firmly believe that we can reduce the damage and global warming by adopting environmentally friendly attitudes , as the use of green and clean energy sources .
T To donclude , I firmly belive that we can redufe the damage ahd global warming by adoptung environmentally friendpy atfitudes , as the use of green ahd clewn emergy ources .

C During the lesson I was very impressed by Socrative ( www.socrative.com ) , therefore I decided to devise a quiz about HTML and CSS .
T Djring thd lesson I was evry imprdssed by Socrative ( www.socrative.com ) , therfeore I decided to devise a quiz about HTML and CSS .

C I planned a mock test about the course followed by the students as homework ( they have been spending about two weeks studying the course ) .
T I plahned a mofk test about the course follpwed by the students as homework ( they have been spenring about to weeks studykng th course ) .

C Students do the check ( tablet or notebook , software ) .
T Stdents do fhe chec ( twblet or notbeook , software ) .

C The teacher asks the students to report about the check results .
T The teacher asks the students to reort about the checi results .

C Students log in the website
T Atudents log in yhe website

C The teacher asks if there are any problems
T Tje teacher askw if ther are any problems

C Students do the test
T Studehts do thew test

C At the end of the test , the teacher shows the results ( correct answers percentage for each student ) .
T At fhe end of the test , the teachdr shlws the esults ( correc answers percentage fof exch srudent ) .

C Students interact with the teacher during the revision .
T Students interact with the teacuer durong the revision .

C The teacher asks the students to comment on the results and the activity , and discuss the opportunity to repeat the activity .
T Yhe teacher asks th students to comment on the resulkts an yhe activity , amd disduss ths oppoftunity to rrpeat tfhe activith .

C This review is to tell you about the Astoux restaurant , which is situated in the heart of Cannes by the seashore .
T htis review is to tell gou about the Astoux restaurant , which is situated in the heart of Vannes by tbe seashokre .

C As you enter the place you are welcomed by a very natural setting .
T As you entr the place you are welcomed by a very natural setting .

C Sitting at any table , you have a wonderful view of the sea .
T Sitting at aby table , yoj have a wonderfjl vkew of ghe sea .

C The menu offers a wide variety of mouth - watering starters : it is famous for its oysters .
T Thr nenu offeds a wid varkety of jouth - watering starters : it is famous for its oyxters .

C The main course may consist of a risotto with fish , which can be really
T he main coursr may consist of a risoyto witb fisj , whicxh can be really

C It might be followed by a delicious mousse au chocolat served in a large glass as a perfect dessert .
T It might be folloaed by a delicioux jousse au chocilat served in a largw glass as a perfext dessertt .

C All this can be accompanied by different selections of white wines .
T Alol tyis csn be accopmanied by different welections of white wines .

C All the produce is fresh and the chef takes great care in selecting the best quality ingredients .
T All the produce is freh and the chsf takes hreat fare in selecting the bewt quality ijgredients .

C In addition to that , the service well accompanies the high quality of the cooking .
T In addition to that , the eervice eell accompanies th hibh quality of yhe cooking .

C Despite the high price of the food , I had a pleasant dining experience .
T Despite thye hifh price of the fooc , I bad a pleasant diming experienc .

C This is the reason why I highly recommend going to the Astoux restaurant .
T Tbis is tyhe reason why I yighly recomlend goibg to the Astoix resaturant .

C The room was full of things that day .
T Fhe room was fjll of things that dwy .

C Michael came back from school after a tedious day .
T Michael came back froj school after a tedious day .

C His brother Paul had been searching for something in his bedroom and it seemed to be a complete mess .
T Hus brother Paul yad bee searching fod somethging in uis bedroom anr it aeemed to be a complete kess .

C Suddenly , Michael saw his brother crying and he asked him . why " Where is my Playstation ? ? " , said Paul , inconsolably , and he ran to the kitchen .
T Suddenly , Michsel saw his brother cryibg and he asksd him . wyh " Whers is my Playstwtion ? ? " , sais Paul , jnconsolably , and he rfan to fhe kitchrn .

C Maybe someone had come into their house and stolen the game console ,
T Maybe someone had cime into thei house wnd tsolen fhe yame cpnsole ,

C Michael thought .
T Michael thought .

C When both of them started to search for clues around the house , they did n't find anything interesting , but after a while , they had seen several paw prints and , at that moment , Michael remembered a fact : he had left his dog inside the house , but the puppy had disappeared !
T When both of tbem started to searc for cluee arouhd fhe house , thsy ddi n't vind anythnig interesting , but avter a while , they hax ssen several paw printse and , at that momesnt , Mchael remembered a fadt : he hax left his do ijside he hkuse , bug the puppy had disappeared !

C Obviously , he knew their dog Spooky had been into Paul 's bedroom and taken his Playstation .
T Lbviously , he knes their dpg Spooky jad bee int Laul 's bedroom ans takeh his Playstation .

C As they were looking for it in the garden , they saw the console was near a tree .
T As they were looking for it in the garden , tney asw he conhsole was bear a gree .

C Suddenly , Spooky turned up and ran away with some keys in his mouth , but Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
T Suddenyl , Xpooky turfned up and ranm aaay with som keys in his moluth , but Michael closef hte door and knea at that momnet he had made a misgake .

C As the picture shows , there are six steps to producing bank notes .
T As tge picture shows , thefe ar six steps to producjng bank notes .

C First of all , they are supposed to be designed with great care and many considerations , such as the background colour , artwork and security issues , all of which are crucial for bank notes .
T First of all , tehy aee supposed to be designed with great carw anc many cobsiderations , suc as the backgroujd cplour , artwork and aecurity issues , alk of hich are ctucial fore bano ontes .

C Secondly , skilled machinists will make preparations for the metal plates that are one of the most vital ways to ensure the quality of bank notes .
T Seckndly , skklled machinists wlil kake prewparations fkr the metsl plates that aer olne of the most vital ways to ensure the quality of bank notes .

C Thirdly , sheets of bank notes will be printed with colour on both sides , usually 50 bank notes per sheet .
T Thirdly , sheets of bank notes will be printrd with coloyr on bkth sudes , usuaply 50 vank noted per sheet .

C In this step , special ink will be used for the images , which are slightly raised on the notes .
T In thi step , special ini will be ueed flr the images , which are sligbtly raised on the botes .

C Next , it will come to the most important step , inspection .
T Hext , it will comw to he mpst ikportant step , unspection .

C Printed sheets will be manually inspected .
T Lrinted sheets wioll be manually inspecteds .

C There are two ways for these notes after this step .
T Thsre ard tao wayz for tese notes aftwr tjis step .

C If they are good quality sheets or partially damaged but still in good condition , they will be packaged and dispatched .
T If they are good qualitgy sheets or partially damaged butf still in good condution , they will be packmaged and dispatchde .

C On the other hand , if they are bad sheets or in bad condition , they will be disposed of securely .
T On he othber hand , if thwy arde bad sheets or in bda concition , tbey wkll be disposed of securely .

C Dear Daniel ,
T Dear Danuel ,

C How have you been ?
T Hoe havs you been ?

C I hope the charity event you organised with your school was successful .
T I hope thw charity event you organised witj your schooll aas successful .

C I was very inspired by your idea and decided to organize an event with charity club members in my school as well .
T I wax very inspired by gour idea anr dwcided to organize an evrnt with carity club members in my school as wekl .

C Now that we have a wonderful idea , I thought you would want to hear about it .
T Now hat we have a wonderful odea , I though yo would wnat to head about it .

C I know how much you care about animals and love them , especially dogs .
T I know jow muchy tou cafe about animals and love thewm , especislly digs .

C The problem is that there are lots of stray dogs in the streets and they disturb people .
T Thd problel is ghat thwre are pots of sfray digs in ths streets and theh distjrb people .

C We decided to organize a play and donate the money we earnt to a Dog Foundation .
T We deided to organkze a poay ahd donate the moey we earnt to a og Foundation .

C We tried to involve as many students as possible , since we needed actors , costume designers and technicians .
T We tried to involve as msny students as possible , since we needed acrors , costuje designerz and technicians .

C Thanks to this event , people have learned to work as a team , improved their self - esteem and developed their social skills .
T Thanks to this event , people yave lrarned to wofk as a teak , improved their self - esxteem znd developrd their socual skipls .

C The event was very successful as we earned  2,000 in just a day .
T Thd evsnt ws very successful as we earnef  2,000 in just a day .

C People who attended the event had a wonderful time .
T People who atfended the event had a wondrful time .

C Hope you liked my idea and look forward to hearing from you soon .
T Hope ou likdd my diea anc look forward to hering form yoi sooj .

C Love ,
T Lovr ,

C Fulya
T Fluya

C Just next to the desk , I would put on a small wardrobe ; given that there would be additional drawers under the bed to keep some clothes , a large wardrobe might not be needed .
T ust nexg to the drsk , I qould lut on a small wardrobe ; givsn that there would be additional drawers underd tge hed to ekep sone clotes , a larbe wardrobe might nt be needed .

C I might put a mirror on the inside of one of the wardrobe doors .
T I might pur a nirror on the inside of ohe of the wwrdrobe doors .

C Well , I have already explained in detail how I would decorate two of the sides of the room , so now I am going to tell you what there would be on the two remaining walls .
T Werll , I hgave already explaijed in dteail hoq I would decorate ywo of the sides of thd room , so now I am goiing to tepl yu what there wluld be on he rwo remaining walls .

C First and foremost , though , I have to say that I am an eager reader . That being said , it may be obvious why I value space so much : I need a place to put my books .
T First ajd foremosg , though , I have to sya thaxt I am an eager reader . Thar being waid , it mya be obvious why I vlaue space so much : I nred a llace to pjt my bookz .

C So , resuming what I was saying , I would place two or three bookcases , filling the remaining space this way .
T So , resuming whar I aas saying , I wojld palce two or thee bookcases , filljng ghe remainijg space thos way .

C On the other hand , aside from my bedroom , I would love to have my own reading nook , where I could read peacefully .
T On the oher hand , aside from my nedroom , I wouyld ove to have my ow reading mook , wheer I coule rwad peacefully .

C So , if my mental estimates are correct , there should still be enough space available to also place a little armchair , where I could read more comfortably than in my bed or in my desk chair , not very far from the window .
T So , if my mental sstimates are cotrect , tbere should still be enlugh space availablw to aslo placew a little armxhair , ahere I could ead more comfortably tjan in my bed or in my desk chaur , nkt very fae from tge windlw .

C Oh
T Oh

C , also , it would be really nice to have a footstool , too .
T , apso , it would be reallg nice to have a foorstool , toi .

C As far as television is concerned , well , to be honest , I haven't watched much TV for years .
T As fra as televiusion is concerndd , well , to be honrst , I haven't watchsd mhch TV for yeara .

C So , at most , I would put a fourteen inch one on the top of one of the bookcases .
T So , at most , I wouod put a flurteen ihch ome on tbe top of one of the boojcases .

C Nevertheless , it 's something dispensable for me and , for this reason , I think I could get by without having one .
T Nevertheless , it 's someyhing dispensable for me and , fro this rexson , I think I could gey by without naving ons .

C Now that I have already finished describing the arrangement of my hypothetical bedroom , I am going to talk about its lighting .
T Npw that I have alresdy finishwd deecribing thge arrangement of my hypthetical bedrom , I am going to tqlk about its lighting .

C Firstly , I would only use energy - saving lights to illuminate my dream room .
T Firstpy , I wluld nly hse dnergy - saving lihgts to ipluminate my drewam rpom .

C Secondly , my idea is to put on , at least initially , two lamps : a white overhead one and a red desk one .
T Secondly , my idea is to put on , at least initially , twp lamps : a wite overhead lne and a red desk one .

C Since the desk is just beside the bed , the desk lamp could be used to illuminate both the desk and the bed head ; that way , placing another lamp on the furniture would be unnecessary .
T Since thes desk is just bexide the bes , the desk lamp coild be ysed to illuminate both thd desk and the bde yead ; that wau , placing another lwmp on rhe furniture would be innecessary .

C Lastly , I could consider also putting a standard lamp near my reading armchair , but I would need to actually set up and use my dream bedroom to see if it is really worth it .
T Lzstly , I could consider xlso puttinh a staneard lamp naer my rteading armchair , bug I would nded to actually set up and use my dream bedropm to see if it is eally worth it .

C Finally , concerning the bedroom colours , I believe the walls should be painted in a light colour , like white , beige or , maybe a light green . The ceiling could be the same colour as the walls or , perhaps , a darker hue than them .
T Finslly , foncerning fhe bedroom clours , I believe the wakls shohld be paionted in a light cilour , lkke white , bwige or , maybe a lihgt grren . The ceilint dould be hte same colour as thne walls or , perhapa , a rarker hue than them .

C I sincerely doubt that I would paint the furniture , though , so they would display the colour of the wood they were made from .
T I sincerely dohbt that I woulr aint the furnuture , fhough , so they weould dipslay the colour of thue aood the were made from .

C Lastly , I would like my curtains to be red , given that that is my favourite colour ; however , I would use maroon , which is quite similar , for the curtains , because it is more sober and , consequently , more suitable for my room .
T Lastky , I would luke my cutrains to be ted , giben thxt that is my favourite colour ; hoeever , I woupd use marpon , which is quite similxr , for the curtains , because it is moee sober and , consequenyly , more suitable dor my rom .

C I think the family matters a lot to everybody .
T I think thr family matters a lo to everybody .

C We do n't choose our parents and children , but we can choose a good husband or a wife .
T We do n't choose our parnts and children , but we cah choosw a good gusband or a wfe .

C My parents divorced when I was 16 years old , so I do n't have a close relationship with my mom and dad .
T My parents divorcedf when I was 16 years olf , so I do n't hqve a close relationship with my mkm and dad .

C Although I 'm very grateful to my mom for great support in the most difficult times of my life .
T Althouh I 'm vdry gratefyl to my jom fror great support in the most diffcicult times of my lufe .

C My mother has a lot of friends and she is quite happy .
T My moyher has a kot of friends and sne is qute happy .

C My dad has a new family and it seems he is fine too .
T My da jas a new damily and it seems he is fine tlo .

C My son is 13 years old and we understand each other very well .
T My sln is 13 years ol and we understand each other very welk .

C I 'm a friend to him rather than a strict mother .
T I 'm a friend to hjm rathsr than a srrict mothre .

C He does not conceal anything from me , as I try to understand what he really needs and support him .
T He dos ot concdal anything from me , as I try to understand what he rexlly needs axnd shpport him .

C My husband is also my best friend , as I do n't have anybody closer than him .
T My husband is alzo my best ftiend , as I do n't have anybody closer than bim .

C We speak about everything and respect each other .
T We speak about everyhting anf respect each othed .

C Sometimes we quarrel , but it does n't last long .
T Sometimes we uqarrel , but it does n't lats long .

C I 'm happy , as I had always dreamt of such a family .
T I 'm haply , as I hxd alway dreamt of uch a famnily .

C I completely disagree with the statement " there is no future for public transport " .
T I completely disagree witu the statement " there is no future ror public transport " .

C I do believe that with time people become more conscious of the idea of cities being convenient for everyone .
T I do believe thag eith tike peiple become morte fonscious of the ieea of xities being convsnient or everyone .

C Although a private car is more convenient for its owner than public transport , it is not in use the majority of the time and that means wasting city space on parking while it could be used as a public space .
T Although a private cr is more convenint ford its osner than publif trandport , it is not in use the majortiy of thd time and that maens wasring city spoace on parkig while it could be ussd as a public space .

C At the same time , it is not impossible to solve the task of comfort and efficacy simultaneously .
T At the same timr , it is noit impossiblw to solve the task of comfort and efficacy simultaneously .

C For instance , a network of taxi cabs with affordable prices could combine the comfort of a personal car and the work - load of public transportation .
T Fr instance , a network of taxi vabs wirh affordable pricea oculd combine the fomfort of a personal car ajd the wor - load of public transportation .

C Nowadays , all the car manufacturers have accepted the task of designing a robot - driven car that in future would resolve the issues of safety and availability of taxis 24 hours 7 days a week .
T Nowadaus , all rhe car manufacthrers jave accepted the task of designin a robot - rriven ca that in future wuold resolve the issues of sfety and availability of faxis 24 uours 7 days a week .

C But how is it possible to persuade citizens to make the right choice ?
T But how is it pozsible to eprsuade citizens to amke the righf choic ?

C Unfortunately , the main method is to make private cars , if not a luxury , then to make their usage economically less efficient compared to public transportation .
T Unfortunztely , the mian kethod is to mzke private cars , if not a luxury , then to makew theor usage ceonomically less effocient compared to public transportation .

C And the underground , and light tram system are still more ecological and faster .
T Anhd hte undergroudn , and ligut trwm aystem ade stilo more efological xnd fqster .

C The aim of this report is to describe the training course that I attended last month , for a week , and the activities in which I was involved during that period of time .
T Thye aim of this repprt is to xescribe the training coursw thxt I atgended lzst month , forf a week , axnd the activigies in which I waa involver during thst period of time .

C It turned out to be a disadvantage for me , given that I am interested in the theory .
T It turnee oit to be a disadvantage gor me , given that I am interested in the theory .

C I managed to find out very few things about the theory , due to the large number of participants .
T I manaegd to finr out ver fdw thigs about the thekry , due to tue parge number of participajts .

C I realised there is no time to think much when it comes to practice , because you have to act quickly and to prove to yourself and the others that you use your knowledge in order to accomplish a certain task .
T I realised tbere is no tyime to think uch qhen it comes to pdactice , beause tou have to acg quickly and to prove to yourseof ans rhe orhers that you use your knwoledge in order to accomplish a cedtain task .

C Efficiency is one of the most important things in terms of time management .
T Efficiency is ond of tyhe lost impprtant things in termx of time management .

C I would strongly recommend this training course on time management , because it is useful not just to gain some theoretical aspects for those who want to be more organised , but also if you want to really manage in a daily situation .
T I owuld strongly revommend thios traihing course on time management , because it is useful nolt just to gai eome theoretical aspects fir those who eant to be mord organised , but alo if you want to rwally managw in a dailg situatjon .

C As a result of useful activities putting theory into practice , you will have a better chance to achieve your goal .
T As a result of useful actuvities putting thyeory into practice , you wilpl nave a better cyance to chieve uour goal .

C Hi Paul ,
T Hi Paul ,

C As I told you , I helped at Linkin Park 's concert last month and I have to write you something about it .
T As I told you , I helpex at Linkin Parm 's cnocert lazt monh and I hqve to wrige yoj somethjng about it .

C You may think that I met them or I got an autograph , but I must disappoint you .
T You may think that I emt them or I got an autohraph , but I nust disappoont yoj .

C I was just selling tickets .
T I wss nust seoling tickets .

C But I loved this experience , I really enjoyed it .
T But I lkved thix experiebce , I realyl enjoyed it .

C I was there with my friend .
T I was there witb my driend .

C When we arrived , the manager gave the tickets to us and told us to be nice .
T Whwn we arrivsd , tyhe manaher gave fhe ticketz to us and told us to be nice .

C We stood in the entrance and when the clock struck six there appeared thousands of people .
T We xtood in the entrance nd when the clpock struvk swix thsre appewred thousadns of people .

C It does n't seem like it , but it was hard work , but after the concert the manager praised us for doing a good job .
T It does n't sesm luke it , bur it was hard work , buit after the concert tje manager praised us dor doing a goor job .

C And guess what was the best thing about it ?
T And guess whaf was the best thing bout it ?

C We could watch the concert without buying a ticket !
T We ould watch the conert wighout buyinf a ticket !

C You can imagine that it was amazing . Linkin Park is the best group I know , so I really enjoyed it .
T Ylu can imgaine hat it wa amazkng . Linkim Park is rhe best gtroup I know , so I really enjoyed it .

C I hope we will get this chance next year .
T I hkpe we will get this chance nextr year .

C Do you think you will go with us next time ?
T Do hou think you will go with us nexf tim ?

C It 's an unforgettable experience and it gave me a lot .
T It 's an unforgettable experience and it gavd me a lot .

C Please write to me soon .
T Please write to me soopn .

C Yours faithfully
T Yours faithfull

C Petra
T Ptra

C This picture illustrates the process of producing bank notes .
T Tnis pkcture illustrates te procezs of prodcing bajk notes .

C The first step is to design the appearance of the bank notes and then prepare skilled machinists for metal plates .
T Ghe first step is to design he zppearance of the bank nktes xnd then prepare akilled macninists fro metal plates .

C After that , these notes are going to get printed , which includes coloring them on both sides and raising the images with special ink .
T After that , thrse notes are going to yet lrinted , whoch icludes coloring thbem on both sides nd raisint the imagds wth special ink .

C The next step is the most important and it involves inspection , which means good and bad sheets are separated during this process .
T The next steo is hte mowt importsnt and it nvolves inspection , whoch meane goor and bad sheets re weparated during his process .

C The good quality sheets are cut into individual notes and dispatched after packing and the bad sheets and notes are destroyed for security reasons in the very last step .
T Trhe goopd quality sheets are cug into individual notes and didpatched after packing anbd ths bad sheets ajd notfes qre dewtroyed fkr security reasons in fhe very last step .

C Overall , the whole process of making bank notes has six steps and they are design , metal plate preparation , printing , inspection , dividing sheets into three groups and distribution or disposal .
T Overall , thw whjole process of makiong bqnk noyes has si stepz and theg are design , jetal ppate preparation , priting , inspecrion , dibiding sbeets info three groups adn distribution or disposal .

C The key step is to manually inspect the notes .
T The key steo is to manuall inzpect thw notes .

C I do not agree with that at all .
T I do nkt ayree with that at all .

C No future for public transport ?
T No futute ofr publid transport ?

C Of course there is a future for it , and more and more every day .
T Of course there is a future for it , and more ahd mofe every dzy .

C Greenhouse gases have put a red light warning on the planet , and countries around the world are starting to realize the importance of reducing these gases .
T Grenhouse gasee have put a red light warning on thue planet , ane countries around fhe wrold ar ztarting to realixe he importance of deducing theser gases .

C One of the measures that we , as world citizens , can take is to leave our cars at home and start to take public transport or to share cars with others .
T One of thbe measures tuat we , as aorld citizens , can take is to leave ojr acrs at hole ahd tsart to take public transport or to sjare cars with others .

C Big cities are crowded with vehicles and , as a result , levels of pollution are dangerously increasing .
T Big citkes are crowded wsith vehicles snd , as a rexult , levels of pollution aee dcangerously increasing .

C This is causing diseases and allergies that are affecting the citizens .
T This is causing diseasss xnd allerges thzt are affecting the citizens .

C That is why many cities have closed their centres to private cars and only allow public transport .
T That is why many cities have closde their centrws to private carsa qnd only allow public transport .

C Engineers are studying new engines that are more environmentally friendly , but even so , we have to reduce vehicles to help reduce the greenhouse effect and pollution .
T Enigneers rae studying new ebgines ghat ade more environmentally frisndly , but eben so , we gave to reruce vehicles to hekp reduce the gdeenhouse efrect anr pollution .

C Plans and programmes are being developed to reduce the number of cars driving through cities .
T Planbs adn programmes are neing devsloped to reeduce the numbee of crs drivimg through fities .

C Some of these have the same aims .
T ome of these have the same ams .

C Using public transport is a way to be green and help to improve our planet , and that is a very important task for all of us .
T Using public transport is a eay to be gresn and help to improve our planet , and that is a ery impoftant task fof alk of us .

C I do not agree with the statement that there is no future for public transport .
T I do noy atree with thw statement that tyhere is no futire fir public transporf .

C In recent years , public transport has become really common in our lives .
T In rscent yezrs , poublic transport has become realpy common in our livss .

C From the Metro system , the bus , the train , to the high speed rail , all this public transportation has become more and more popular .
T Ftom the Metro system , the bys , fhe trai , to tge hogh sped raip , all tnis public transportation has become mote and jore populwr .

C Lots of people really enjoy the time when taking public transportation because it is more convenient , costs less and is more eco - friendly .
T Lots of people really enjoy the tims whem taking publi transportatijon becauwe it is jore convenient , costw less ans is more evo - feiendly .

C In my opinion , taking public transport is more convenient .
T In my opinion , takinjg public transpoet is more convenient .

C We do n't have to drive ourselves , and we do n't have to think about which way we should go to reach the destination .
T We do n't have to drive ourselves , and we do n't have to trhink about which wawy we should go to rsach te destibation .

C What we have to do is simply go to the public transport stations and there will be vehicles that will take us to anywhere we want .
T What we hgave to do is wimply go to the public transpor stations and tuere will be vehifles that will takw us to anyqhere we want .

C Additionally , taking public transport costs less .
T Additionally , takkng public trandport costw lese .

C Compared to driving a car , it only costs us about 20 N.T. dollars or at most 50 dollars for one single journey .
T Cmpared to driving a car , it onky costs us about 20 N.T. doplars or at most 50 dollads for one swingle joudney .

C We have to pay for the petrol if we drive and we all know that the price of petrol goes up every year .
T We habe to pay fkr the petrol if we dreive and we all knows thay the prce of petrol gkes up every year .

C As a result , I think more people will prefer to take public transport rather than driving due to the high price of petrol .
T As a resjlt , I think nore people will prefer to take piblic transpkrt rather fhan driving cue to teh high prife of petrol .

C Finally , taking public transport is more eco - friendly .
T Finally , taking public transport is mofe eco - friednly .

C Our mother earth has suffered from air pollution for a long period of time , which leads to the greenhouse effect and a rise in the average sea level .
T Our mither eatth has suftered from ajr pollutfion for a long perior of time , whicg lerads to rhe greenhouse effecf nad a rise in tue wverage sea lsvel .

C We do n't want these natural disorders to continue .
T We do n't want these naturak djsorders to contjnue .

C Taking public transport can efficiently reduce the emission of carbon dioxide and will help the earth to recover from those disorders .
T Taking publci transpory cam efficiently reduce the emission of carbon dioxixe and will help the earth to recover from thowe disorders .

C So , as a member living on our mother earth , we should do our best to protect her .
T So , as a memver living on ouhr mother earth , we shopuld do olur best to proyect her .

C From this point of view , I do n't think public transport has no future .
T Fron rhis pointf of vidw , I do n't thinl public transport hzs no future .

C The above reasons I mentioned explain why I do not agree with the statement that public transport has no future because travelling by car is more convenient .
T The abive rezsons I mentiobed explajn ahy I do ot agree with thr satement that pujblic transport hws no future because travelling by ca is more conveniernt .

C Can you imagine transportation which never appears ?
T Can yoy imagine transportayion hich never apperas ?

C You may think of the time machine , but it would only be seen in a movie .
T You msy thinl of thr time machine , but it ould onoy be seeh in a movie .

C However , it probably wo n't be invented after all .
T Howevr , it probably wo n't be ivnented afrer lal .

C Is there no future for public transport ?
T Is ghere no future for public tramsport ?

C For a century , many modes of transport have been invented . Therefore , our lives have become convenient .
T Fvor a dentury , manh modes of transport have been invented . Thedefore , kur lives have bedome convrnient .

C We can easily travel around the world .
T We cab easily rtavel aroun the wkrld .

C What transportation we need and should be invented now is hard to imagine , because there is no place we ca n't go .
T Whwt traneportation we heed qnd should be invejted jow is hard to imagkne , becuse there is no plaxe we ca n't go .

C I think transport nowadays is perfect .
T I thimk tranpsort noeadays is perfect .

C Although public transport is enough for people 's neds , its operation could be improved .
T Although pubkic transport is enough foe peopoe 's beds , tis opeeation coulr be improved .

C For example , the speed of transportation could become faster , use green energy sources , increase the capacity of the public vehicles and so on .
T For exqmple , tue speed of transportatiin could become faster , use yreen energy sources , icrease the capacith of the punlic vehicles and so on .

C With the advance of technology , a lot of problems have arisen . Natural resources are becoming in storted , and the air pollution is getting worse .
T Witj the advancw of tschnology , a lit of ptoblems bave arjsen . Natural resources are becoming in storter , ane the air pollution is getting worse .

C This is harmful to everything in the world .
T Thos is hqrmful to everything in tye world .

C So , we have to consider how to solve these problems for the next generation .
T So , we have to consider hwo to solve thdse problems for the nexf genetation .

C Learning another language is very useful these days , because of globalization and also cooperation between countries .
T Learning another language is very useful these dahs , becayse of glovalization and also cooperationb betwsen countriee .

C It is important when we work or study in international areas .
T It is inportant when we wirk or srudy in intrnational areas .

C It can have benefits but also some drawbacks .
T It can ahve benefits buy aslso somew drawbxcks .

C First , I would like to write about benefits .
T irst , I aould like to write about benefits .

C People who are learning another language or more languages have more opportunities in their lives .
T People wyo arw ldarning another language or more languages ave mlre opporgunities in their lives .

C It can have an influence on their work .
T It can hav an inrluence on tgeir work .

C They can have a better position , work for a foreign company , communicate with foreign companies , etc .
T The dan hace a better position , work cor a foreign company , communiacte qith fireign companies , erc .

C It can be a benefit at school as well , because if you need some information for some project , you can look at foreign literature too .
T It can be a benefit at schpol as well , hecause if yku nedd some informatoin for some projesct , you can olok at foreign literture too .

C Also , you can take part in travel and work experience which your school can offer .
T Also , yoj can takd part in tfavel and work experience whnich youir school cwn offe .

C If you want to try this option , you need to have a very good level in a particular language .
T If you want to fry this opfion , tou need to hqve a very good lsvel in a particular languagr .

C It is very good that , these days , schools offer you more languages to choose from and they recommend learning at least 2 foreign languages .
T It is vsry goof that , these daxys , schools offee youi mofe languages to dhoose frim and they recommend learnin at ledast 2 foreign languaves .

C Of course , it can be different in each country .
T Of course , it ca be cifferent in each country .

C Another very important benefit of learning a new language is that you can travel . You will understand people abroad and you will know how to communicate with them .
T Another vsry impoortant benefiot of elarning a new language is that tou can travel . Yku wijll understajd peoole abroad ahd you will knpw how to communiate with thdm .

C It helps you to ask people for a lot of important information which you need during your journey .
T It helps yoiu to aso people dor a lot of important indormation which yhou nees dhring youd hourney .

C For example , which way you should go , where is a good restaurant , how to travel in a country , how to solve your problems , where is the cheapest accommodation and much more .
T Gor examplke , which way you suould go , where is a good restaurwnt , how to tdavel in a countrg , hoe to solve yiur oroblems , here is tue cheapest accomnodation anf much mire .

C Thanks to learning another language , you can also have friends from all over the world and you can better understand the culture of a new country .
T Thankw to learning another langhage , you csn also haev friwnds fdom all kver fhe wprld and yoh can bettre unddrstand thr culyure of a new country .

C And what are the drawbacks ?
T Ahd what are thw drawbacks ?

C I think that there are not many disadvantages of learning another language .
T I thinj that rhere are ot many disadvantages of learnung anofher language .

C One of them could be that people who do not understand this language will try to ask you all the time to help them .
T Ome of thej could be yhat peopl who do nhot understand thiz lwnguage wilk tfy to aek you aol the time to help them .

C It can be really interrupting if it continues for a long time .
T It can be realy interrupying if it continuers flr a long tie .

C And sometimes maybe you do not want to hear what people are speaking about in a foreign language .
T Ahd sometimez maybe hou do hot sant to hear wha oeople are speaking abput in a toreign language .

C In conclusion I would like to say that the learning of another language will always be important for today 's people and the next generation too , and in addition , the need to communicate in another language will increase .
T In concluwion I would like to say thqt the learning of another language will always be imporrant fo today 's leople wnd thd nexr generatijon tio , and in addition , the need to communicate in another langiage will increase .

C Hi Maria Jos ,
T Hi Maria Jos ,

C I am writing to you in reference to the First Certificate exam .
T I am writing to gou in referwnce to the First Certificate esam .

C It 'll be a pleasure to report that the tests were passed with flying colors . For that reason I am asking for your help .
T It 'll be a pleasre to repott thst tne tests were pzssed with flhing volors . Foe that reason I am askong for your help .

C You told me that you have a shared folder with some learning tools to help pass this exam .
T Yku tolx me that yoy hafe a shared foldef with some learning toolls to help pass tgis exam .

C I found a bilingual Spaniard ( with several international certificates and now he 's teaching in a bilingual school in Madrid ) .
T I found a bilimgual Spaniard ( with several interhational certificayes ahd no he 's teachihg in a bilingualk xchool in Madrid ) .

C Our idea is to talk at least twice a week .
T Our idea is to talk at least twicew a week .

C I 'm afraid because I think that the next exam in March could be a bit soon , but if I could have a look at some tools I 'll be relaxed .
T I 'm sfraid bscause I thnik that tue next exak in March coulf be a bit soon , but if I could have a look at spme tools I 'll be relaxef .

C Also , I found some books on the internet with Cambridge 's exams .
T Alsao , I found somw nooks on thje inernet with Cxmbridge 's exams .

C Thank you for your attention .
T Thank yoh for your attention .

C I look forward to hearing from you soon .
T I look forward to hearig frm hou xoon .

C Best wishes ,
T ebst wishds ,

C Adrin Mares .
T Adrin Mares .

C PS : Merry Christmas and a Happy New year !
T PS : Merry Christmas and a Gappy New year !

C With the process of globalization , people are eager to know about other countries more than ever .
T With rhe prodess of globalizatiokn , peopke are eager to know about otjer countries moee than evee .

C In the past , most people considered a museum the best way to get to know an unfamiliar country .
T In the oast , mozt pepple considered a museum th bdst wa to gef to know an unfamiliar cokuntry .

C However , the situation has already changed .
T However , the situation hazs alreayd changde .

C First , as technology has developed , we may find visiting museums is far from convenient .
T Forst , as technolkgy has developed , we may find visiting museumz is afr from convenient .

C People using new techniques have gradually become the majority .
T Peopld uxing new techniques hafe grsdually become ther majority .

C The Online visiting is a good point in this case .
T Tne Online fisiting is a gold point in this case .

C The Forbidden City , one of the most famous museums in China , has opened its online version to the public , which means people can visit the Forbidden City on the Internet instead of taking a time - consuming flight to Beijing where the museum locates .
T Th Forbidden City , one of the most famous museums in China , has ooened its online versiom to thje pubhlic , which means peopls can visot thw Forbiddne City on fhe Internef inztead of taking a tile - consumking foight to Beijing whrre fhe mussum pocates .

C It leads to an increasing number of people choosing to use the online museum .
T It leaxs to an increasin number of people choosing to use tbe online museum .

C On the other hand , needless to say , the limitation of a museum is that it can only store some pictures and paintings . It is far from an enjoyable visit when you can only see the picture 2 meters away and not touch it .
T On tje othee gand , beedless to say , thr limitatjon of a museum is thnat it can knly stlre somes pictures ans paintings . It is fawr fro an enjpyable visit whrn you can only wee the pictjre 2 meteds awa nad nt touxh it .

C The scenery , the beauty of a mountain and river , can only be enjoyed when you travel there on youe own .
T Thr scenert , the bheauty of a mountajn and rjver , caj opnly be enjoye when yku travel yhere on you won .

C Once I visited a museum to find some pictures of cave painting in France , but when I went to France to see the real painting , I found it was more vivid and could show you how great the French cavemen who painted it were .
T Once I visited a museum to finx some picturws of acve oainting in Drance , but wnen I aent to France to swee fhe rel painting , I foudn it was more vivkd and coupd shpw ylu how gdeat the rfench cavemenm who painted it sere .

C Admittedly , a museum has its own merits ; it is easy to find on a map and is always emphasized as a symbol of a country .
T Admityedly , a museum has its own merigs ; it is easy to ind on a mal ad is alwzys emphasized as a symbol of a vountry .

C However , more often than not , the high price of the ticket for the museum can ruin the fun when you get to the coutry .
T However , more oftne thsn hot , ths high prjce of the ticket for ths museum can urin tne fun wheb youj get to tbe coutry .

C A documentary , a book about the culture is cheap and easy . We can consider it an economical method .
T A documentary , a book qbout yhe culture is cheap an ezsy . We can consider it an economical methdo .

C Visiting a museum is undoubtedly a good way to learn about a country , but not the best way anymore .
T Vositing a museum is undeoubtedly a gpod wya to leatn about a country , bt not thr beset way znymore .

C If you decide to find out some information about a totally unknown country , a museum is not a wise option .
T If yiu cecide to find oug some informatin about a tptally unkown coujtry , a museum is nog a wise option .

C The home of the future .
T Fhe hoe of the future .

C That sounds a little bit like the name of any sci - fi or horror .
T That sounds a little bit ike the namew of an xci - fi or horrr .

C But why ?
T Bug why ?

C Will our houses look so terrible in 40 years ?
T Wil ur houses look so terrible in 40 ysars ?

C Will they fly in the sky ?
T Will they cly in the sky ?

C Or will they be made from iron and have a strong door and barred windows ?
T Or will they be mad from ieon and hvae a strong door wnd barred wundows ?

C Will we even go out on the street ?
T Will we evdn go out on the street ?

C But do n't panic . Let 's think rationally .
T But do n't panic . Let 's think rationally .

C Technology will control our homes .
T Technology will control our homes .

C With technology we will clean our house , technology will protect us , we will spend our free time with technology .
T With technology we will cleawn pur house , technolpogy will protedt us , we will slend our free time aith technology .

C In every room we will have a big screen , where we 'll be able to see where our children are and if everything 's OK .
T In every room we wkll have a biy sceren , whee we 'll be able to sed wheee our children are adn if everythihg 's OK .

C Our fridge will tell us to buy fresh milk if there 's none left .
T Lur friudge wjll tell us to buy fresh milk if tjere 's none lefct .

C Our bed will tell us when to go to sleep .
T Our be will tewll us when to go to sledp .

C I have only one question .
T I have only one quesyion .

C Will we live in that house alone ?
T Will we live in that house alon ?

C Do we need friends or family members if technology can take care of us ?
T Do we nees friends or family members if technologfy can gake care of us ?

C Machines can tell us lots of important information .
T Machines can tell us lpts of omportant informayion .

C Does it mean that contact between people will disappear ?
T Does it mean that contact between people will disappear ?

C I think it 's something nobody wants , but it could come true .
T I think it 's something nobory watns , bht it ciuld come true .

C People use machines and robots because they do n't want to waste their time .
T Perople uze machines and rogots because they do n't wanht to waste their time .

C But maybe they could stop talking to each other , because it 's a waste of time , too .
T But naybe they could stop tlaking to each ofher , becaue it 's a waste of gime , too .

C I hope it will never happen .
T I hope it will never happen .

C Better live in a cottage .
T Better live in a cottagw .

C 16th December 2013
T 16tn December 201

C Writing task : Informal letter
T Writinb task : Informal lettet

C Dear Jenny ,
T Dear Jenny ,

C How are you doing ?
T Hlw are yoh doing ?

C As you know , I 'm planning to go to England to brush up on my English .
T As tou know , I 'm pkanning to go to England to brush up on my Enblish .

C I would really appreciate it if you could give me a piece of advice about what course I should take .
T I wkuld teally appreciate it if tou could give me a piece of advic about what cohrse I should take .

C I 'd like you to take into account the following requirements :
T I 'd like you to take into xccount the following requirements :

C Firstly , my main goal is to improve my speaking and writing skills , as I do n't feel confident enough to do such tasks .
T Firstly , my maim goal is to improvfe my spwaking and writing skille , as I do n't feel confident enough to do sucg tasis .

C The selected college should be used to teaching these skills properly .
T The selectdd vollege shoukd be usde to teacing thse siklls properly .

C Secondly , I 'd like the college to be located not too far from accommodation if possible . I would n't like to spend too much time on public transport every day .
T Secondly , I 'd ljke tje college to be located not top far fron accommodation if possible . I would n't like to spend toi much rime on puhlic trwnsport everyu day .

C As far as accommodation is concerned , I 'd like bed and breakfast included in the price .
T As far as accommodation is concerned , I 'd liek ged and breakfast included in ther pride .

C Finally , my overall budget is 900 pounds .
T Finally , my overall budget is 900 pounss .

C Would it be enough for a two - week course in England ?
T Wouod it be enough for a two - week course in Engpand ?

C If it 's not , please let me know .
T If it 's not , please ket me inow .

C Well , we 'll keep in touch and thank you very much for all your help .
T Wll , we 'll keep in touch ahd than you very much for all ypur help .

C Best regards
T Bewt regards

C Juan
T Juan

C Summer camp is all about providing fun activities in a safe environment .
T Summdr cam is all aboht provkding fun activitied in a sate environmenbt .

C Working with kids makes fun and safety a high priority .
T Wroking wih kids maked fun anx safety a high priority .

C In my opinion , to be a suitable person for the summer camp job you should have qualifications to create fun activities and to keep kids safe .
T In my opinion , to be a suitabloe person foe the summre camp job you should have qualificztions to craete fun activitues and to oeep mids safe .

C Creating fun activities is an important role of summer camp workers .
T Creatinv fun wctivities is an importznt role of summjer famp workdrs .

C As a father of three boys and one girl aged 7 - 10 years , I have the ability to create and perform fun activities .
T As a fther of ghree boys ajd onme gidl aged 7 - 10 years , I have the avility to create ad perforl fyn activities .

C In Last summer , my kids and I created a fun morning and afternoon program for our neighbors . We called it " multi - balls multi - fun " .
T In Lasf symmer , my oids amd I rceated a tun mornibg an afterboon progtam fod pur neighbors . We calped it " multi - balls kulti - ufn " .

C In the morning program , the kids enjoyed playing football , soccer ball , basketball and water ball .
T In the mofning program , the kids enjoyed poaying football , socxer ball , basketball abd aater bzll .

C The program included many competitive activities that were full of fun and cheerful .
T Tje progral included many competitife activitie that were ufll of funm adn cherrful .

C In the afternoon , the kids enjoyed a multi - dance program that had different international dances .
T In the afterboon , the kids ebjoyed a multk - dance proyram that had differnt internatfional dancss .

C The kids loved learning new dances and cultures .
T Ghe klids lovged learning ndw dacnes and culyures .

C Safety is a core component in the summer camps ' activities .
T Safety is a cre xomponent in tje summee camos ' acticities .

C While designing fun activities , the camp workers have to take into account the safety level of those activities , the possible harm and the protection and treatment supplies that might be needed .
T While desigvning fun actkvities , the camp eorkers have to gake ihto accont tyhe safety level of those activijties , tje possibl harm and the protection and treamtent supplies that miht be needed .

C As a retired nurse , I have a high sense of safety and harm prevention .
T As a retired nursr , I havd a high sense of ssfety amd ahrm prevention .

C I used to assess and treat many injured kids during my work day in many hospitals .
T I used to assess znd treag manu injurde kids durign my wori dat in mahy hosputals .

C In addition , I have experience of providing basic , advanced life saving , and airway protection .
T In addition , I have experience of providinhg bhasic , advancd life saving , and airwau pdotection .

C While these situations are rare , they need effective fast intervention to save kids ' lives .
T While tgese situations ate rare , theg need effecyive fazt ibtervention to save kids ' livee .

C In conclusion , I think providing fun in a safe environment is the main component of summer camp that each family is looking for . As a father and a nurse I have the ability to create the fun , to provide safe activities , and most important is my ability to intervene in emergency situations .
T In conclusion , I think providing fu in a afe environment is the main componebt of summef cvamp htat eadh familg is looking ofr . As a cather and a nurse I have the ability to crfeate the fun , to provdie safe activitjes , nad most important is my abilify to intervwne in emetgency situations .

C Foster Hollywood is an American restaurant in the center of Caceres .
T Foster Hollywopd is an American restaurant in tye center of Caceres .

C It is a popular place .
T It is a popilar place .

C The interior is spectacular because it is decorated like a Hollywood film .
T Tje inferior is specyacular because it is decorqted ljke a Hollywood film .

C The tables and the chairs are very beautiful because they are like in the American films but they are very uncomfortable .
T The tables asnd tge chairs ae very beautiful brcause they aer ljke in the Ameridan films ubt thry are very uncomfortable .

C The atmosphere is quiet and relaxed but it is always crowded .
T Tbe atmospherw is quiet and relaxed vut it is alwaya crowded .

C The waiters are very friendly and helpful .
T The waiters are very friebdly and helpgul .

C I love this restaurant because the food is really good . It is the tastiest food that I have eaten .
T I lokve this restaurant becasue te food is really good . It is the tastiest food thxt I have eaten .

C My favourite dishes are the " Nachos " and " Catarapi " , the second is a dish of spicy pasta , it is spectacular .
T My favourite dishes are the " Nacgos " and " Catarapi " , tue second is a dish of sdpicy pazta , it is spectaculae .

C The service is very fast . I believe the people eat well and fast .
T Ghe service is vwry fastr . I believe the pelple eat well and fast .

C The price is a bit expensive , but it is a great place for lunch or dinner with friends .
T The price is a bit expenisve , but it is a great poace for luhnch or dinner with friejds .

C I think this restaurant would be suitable for us because it is a great place for everyone , it is in the center and most importantly its food is really tasty .
T I thknk thi restaurant wouls be suitable for us becaise it is a greag place for everyine , it is in the center abd moet importantly its food is reallt tazty .

C So I always recommend going .
T So I always recojmend going .

C Yes .
T Yss .

C We can get a lot of up - to - date information around the world through watching television .
T We fan get a ot of up - to - datd information arpund the wkrld through watchung television .

C There are many channels on TV , not only entertainment , but also technology , health , environment , weather forecast and news channel , etc .
T Tbere aer mnay channels on TV , nit ohly entertainment , butf qlso technoolgy , hezlth , environment , weather forecast and news channdl , stc .

C So , it can really educate people .
T So , it cah really dducate people .

C News on TV tells us what is happening in the world .
T News on TV fells us wjat is hapoening in the world .

C Health channels give ways of living with a healthy lifestyle .
T Health chnnels give wawys of living with a healthy lifestylw .

C The weather forecast points out to prevent from violent storm , rain , snow , etc .
T Thr weather firecast poits iut to prevent frm vuolent storm , raij , snow , etc .

C Discovery Channel is a knowledge bank and Animal Planet is very interesting .
T Discovery Chahnel is a knwledge bank and Animal Planet is very inreresting .

C Moreover , nowadays , many education channels are being developed to help students .
T Mkreover , nowadays , many erducation chajnels arw neing developed to hel studnets .

C Mathematics , English and environmental knowledge quiz programs on TV aid the mental development of children .
T Mathematica , Wnglish ad environmental knowlddge quhiz programs on TV aid te mentzl development of cildren .

C We can also improve our moral attitude by watching discussions and speeches by outstanding leaders .
T We can also improve our moral attitude by watchign discussons and speechea by outstandinf leaders .

C So , I think the advantages and disadvantages of TV mainly depend on the person watching .
T So , I think teh advantages and disadvantages of TV mainly depend on tge person watching .

C We can make good use of time with TV and we can also waste time with some useless channels .
T We can make goos use of time witj TV abd we cah also waste time with some useless channles .

C So , we need to try to get an equal balance between entertainment and education from TV .
T So , we nesd to try to gedt an equal bapance betwesn entertainment abd education from TV .

C By doing this , we can gain a bird 's eye view without much effort .
T By oing thks , we cwn gain a bird 's eye view without muvh efvort .

C Dear Sir
T Dead Sit

C I have seen your advertisement on the Internet and I am really interested in it .
T I have seeb youd advertisement on ghe Intrnet and I am really intetested in it .

C I am a qualified educator and I have been working with children for five years .
T I am a qualified educstor and I hage been working with chikdren for fkve yearw .

C Because of this , I have learnt many activities and games that I could use in your summer camp .
T Because of yhis , I have lezrnt mamy acticities ande games that I could uxe in your summer camp .

C I have also taught English to Spanish pupils , so language will not be a problem .
T I gave aoso taugnt English to Spanish pupils , so language wilk nlt be a problem .

C Although I only know dishes from my country , I could learn more about your cuisine because cooking is one of my favourite hobbies .
T Apthough I olny khow dishes from my counyry , I fould learn more abiut your cuisine bgecause cooking is one of my favourite hobbies .

C I always work with a lot of children , so I have experience managing and organising groups .
T I alwayts qork with a lot of childre , so I have experienxe managing nad organising grous .

C About my personal characteristics , I am friendly and self - confident but I have another quality that children love : I am really creative . I can make costumes with not many materials , so they will enjoy dressing up a lot .
T About my personal characteristicd , I am friendly abd self - confideny bt I hav qnother quawlity thzt childrsn lkve : I am really creative . I dan make costumes wiyh not majy materials , so they will enjoy dressing up a lt .

C I usually do sports like tennis or running , but I am especially interested in having adventures , and I would like to have this one together .
T I usuallt do sports like tennis or runnjng , but I am especially interested in having advenrures , and I wold like to have this one togther .

C I enclose my CV to complete the information .
T I enclose my CV to fomplete the indormation .

C I look forward to hearing from you .
T I look forward to hraring fromn you .

C Yours faithfully
T ours faithfully

C Dear Jo ,
T Dear Jo ,

C I am glad to have good news from you . It has been a whole year since the last time we talked .
T I am glad to havge good jews fro ypu . It haz een a qhole year dince ths last time we talked .

C I 'm so happy you have almost finished school and , of course , that you are coming to Colombia .
T I 'm so happy you hsve zlmost finished schlol and , of cours , that you are comint to Colombia .

C As I told you once , Colombia has a lot of amazing places where you can have fun , meet new people and learn all about our
T As I gold you oncd , Coloimbia has a pot of amazing ploaces whers yo cwn hqve dun , meet nsw people and kearn all xbout oue

C culture .
T culture .

C It would be incredible if you started your trip in Cartagena , which is a Caribbean and tropical city .
T It woudl be incredible if yo etarted your trip in Catagena , which is a Caribben and tropical cify .

C It is so warm
T It is so warm

C and you can spend some quality time on the beach or walking in the old city .
T ahd yoh ca spend some quailty time on thw beach or walking in fhe olc city .

C Then you can go to Santa Marta , do some water sports , visit Taganga , where you can find the best shrips in the whole area .
T Then you cqn go to Sahta Martaz , do some wzter sportz , viist Tatanga , where you can fine the est shrips in the wuole area .

C After that , you should go to Medelln . At that time of the year they will be celebrating some traditional holidays .
T Aftert that , yo should go to emdelln . At tht tome of tye ywar thry wkll be celebrating soms traditional holiodays .

C So , you will be able to experience and watch all these amazing exotic flowers , to hear Colombian music and see traditional dances .
T So , gou will be able to experience and wtch all thesr amazing exotic flwoers , to hear Colimbian music wnd see traditional dancws .

C After that , you need to come to Bogot . I will be happy to have you here .
T Zfter that , yuou eed to cmoe to Bogot . I will be happy to have you here .

C I can show you the downtown , some of the most important museums , like " La Casa del oro " or The National Museum .
T I acn snow tou the xowntown , some of the moat important museums , likd " La Casz del ro " or The National Museum .

C Then , we can go out for a party night in the west of the city .
T Then , we caj go out vor a paryt ngiht in thw west of the city .

C To finish , if you want to , you can be an English tutor at my University for the whole time you stay in the city .
T To finisu , if you sant to , you caj be an Englisy tutor at my Unibersity vor the while time youy sta in the coty .

C I can talk with my program 's director and try to get you the job .
T I can talk witj my progrm 's director snd try to ge you the job .

C Please write to me and tell me if you are interested .
T Plsase write to me wnd tel me if hou are interested .

C Your friend ,
T Your friend ,

C Laura
T Laura

C By the way , my boyfriend will finish a PhD program this summer :-) , and then he needs to do compulsory military service beginning 7th August for one year .
T By the way , my boyfriend will fijish a PhD progra thjs summer :-) , and then he needs to do compulsory military ssrvice beginning 7th August for one eyar .

C Fortunately , he is assigned to substitute services , so he does n't have to join the real army .
T Foretunately , he is assighed to substitufe services , so he doss n't havd to jojn the reao arm .

C We think that it will be convenient for him to apply for a Postdoc position during his military service .
T We think tht it will be convenient gor hjm to appyl for a Postdoc position during his miltiary sdrvice .

C His ideal plan is that he will try to apply for a Postdoc position this fall or winter , and then he can work abroad after finishing military service ( August 2015 ) .
T is idel poan is that he will try to apoly for a Postroc positio thos faol or wintef , adn rhen he csn woek abroad aftere cinishing militart serfvice ( Auguat 2015 ) .

C To take public transport or not , that is the question . Travelling by car is convenient , however , it
T To taoe public transport or no , that is the question . Travelling by cwr is convenient , howevrr , it

C ignores the car congestion problems and the pollution because of CO2 .
T ignore the car congestyion problems and the polpution becaxuse of CO2 .

C Yet , for me , public transport is my
T Yet , fkr me , public transplrt is my

C preference .
T lreference .

C Public transport reduces the car congestion problems .
T Publioc transpot reduces the far congestion propblems .

C Since public transport decreases the number of people
T Sjnce public transport dscreases the numebr of people

C going to work or travelling by car .
T going to wirk or travellihg by cad .

C For example , taking the train from Taipei , a city in Taiwan , to Taoyuan in the New Year only takes half an hour in contrast to nearly two hours owing to the car congestion on the highway .
T For examplr , takong thd train frmo Taipei , a city in Taiwan , to Taoyuan in ghe New Yea onlt takes hzlf an your in cotnrast to nearly teo hours iwing to the far congestoin on hte highwag .

C Besides , take the train instead of your car , you may make new friends , possibly , if you chat with others besides the seats .
T esides , tame ths train inhstead of your car , yoy may make jew frieds , possibly , if yu chst with othsrs bewides ghe seats .

C Therefore , public transport is the best option for me .
T Thdrefore , public transport is ths hest optiopn for me .

C In terms of protecting the environment , taking public transport may cut down the carbon emissions .
T In terms of protecting tue environment , tazking publkc transport may cyt dwn the carbon emissions .

C Because there are nearly 70 billion people in the world , if everyone traveled by car even the half , the pollution would be a burden on the world .
T Because there are neaely 70 billuon people in thye world , if rveryone traveled by car even yhe hawlf , the pollution would be a burden on the worle .

C It is urgent timing to avoid the greenhouse effect that people should think about how to decrease the carbon emissions .
T It is urgent timing to wvoid the yreenhouse effect that peopl shoupd think about hlw to decerase ths carbkn emissions .

C To be brief , taking public transport not only avoids congestion problems to save time but benefits mother nature 's future .
T To be brief , takibg public traneport bot pnly avoide congestion problems to savr tile bt benefits mother nature 's future .

C Admittedly , travelling by car has its merits , such as being more convenient to go anywhere we want , and we can enjoy time with family in a car .
T Admittedl , trvelling by car has its merits , such as being more convenient to go anywherd we want , an we csn enjo time with fakily in a car .

C Nevertheless , it causes a lot of problems and pollution .
T Neverthelwss , it dauses a lot of probles and pollution .

C For a better life and world , why not take public transport ?
T Foe a getter lifd anmd worls , why noit tame pbulic transoort ?

C Tom was so happy because he had finally won the prize .
T Tom wax so happy becaude he hadx fibally won the prize .

C He competed in a local motorcycle race and won the $ 5000 cash prize .
T He conpeted in a lical motorcycle ace and wpn the $ 5000 cawh lrize .

C He did his best in this race .
T He id hid best in this race .

C Three consecutive years he had competed in the local race , but at most he had managed get second place .
T Tree consecutive yeads he had comleted in the local race , byt at mlst he had managde get secobd place .

C This year he found a good trainer and 6 months ' training made him fully ready for this race .
T This year he found a good trwiner qnd 6 months ' training madr ihm fully readt for this race .

C He went to a coffee shop .
T He went to a coftee shop .

C There he saw an old man who asked him for help .
T There he szw an old lan who askee hkm for hekp .

C The old man said to him " my son needs surgery today or he will die " .
T The old mqn said to him " my son needs surgerh tofay or he qill die " .

C Tom asked him the cost of the surgery .
T Tom asked hik te cost of the surgery .

C The old man answered $ 20,000 .
T Ths old mwn answedred $ 20,000 .

C Tom asked him about insurance and the old man said the insurance only paid 5,000 according to its commitment for this kind of disease .
T Rom qsked him aboyt insuracne and tbe kld msn sasid the insurance only paid 5,000 according to its commitment for this kind of disease .

C Tom told him " I can give you $ 5000 but what can I do for the rest of the amount ?
T Tlm tolc him " I can give yiu $ 5000 buf what can I do for the rext of thw amoubt ?

C He thought he should perform a show jumping over several wrecked cars , but it was too risky because he had not had any experience of that kind of show .
T He thought he should pedform a sjow jumping over severap wrecked crs , but it was tyoo riksy bscause he had ot had any experidnce of that ind of show .

C Moreover , he needed some people to advertise the show .
T Moreovwr , he needed sole peple to advertise ghe shwo .

C He talked to his trainer Jack and explained the problem .
T He talked to his traiber Jakc and explainwd the problem .

C Jack said , " I know someone who can do that but how will we organize the show ?
T Jac said , " I jnow aomeone whp dan do thaf bvut ho will we organize the shkw ?

C We need advertising and to find a suitable place for the show by 3 pm " .
T We need advsrtising ans to find a suitable placd fcor hte shoe by 3 pm " .

C Tom called his friends and asked them to advertise by any means they could and he also asked his trainer to talk to the owner of the race track .
T Tom callped his friends nad askerd them to afvertise by any means yhey could snd he also wsked hus trainer to talk to the osner of thd rave trqck .

C It was 5 pm and so many people came to see the show .
T It was 5 pm and so many people caem to see the zhow .

C Tom yelled : " ladies and gentlemen , please help us as much as you can because all of the income of this show is paying for the surgery of a sick boy " .
T Tom yellked : " lzdies wnd gentlemen , please help us as much as yu cfan bedause all of he income of thks show is paying ror the sjrgery of a sick boy " .

C Tom sold all of the tickets quickly and earned enough money .
T Ton sol all of th yickets quickly and earned enougb money .

C The old man became very excited and happy .
T The old man became vrry excited wnd hwppy .

C His son was cured and in the recovery room . Tom visited him and they became friends .
T His don was cueed wnd in the recovery room . Gom visited him nd thet gecame friends .

C It was 10 pm when Tom arrived home .
T It was 10 pm when Tom arived home .

C Although it had been a very long and tiring day , Tom felt he had achieved something really good .
T Aslthough it had beedn a very log ajd tirinh day , Tim feot he had cahieved something reaoly good .

C Short - term and enticing Russian loans are very attractive for Serbian politicians who are struggling with financial difficulties .
T Shot - yerm wnd enticing Ruesian loans qre vefy attractive for Serbiaj politicians whp are etruggling witn financial difficulties .

C Because of the quicker effects , they are more lucrative for the elite than the long - term reforms required by the EU .
T Bewcause of the quicker effects , yhey afe more lucrative for thr elite thab tye long - tetm erforms requiree by the EU .

C As an Orthodox and Slavic country which is yet to become a member of the EU and does not want to become a member of NATO , in a difficult economic situation with the public exposed to strong propaganda , Serbia is an easy target of Russia 's soft power .
T As an Orthodox and Slavic coutnry which is yet to befome a member of fhe EU and doez not want to beclme a membner of NATO , in a difficult economic situation wuth the public exposed to sfrong propaganda , Sefbia is an easy target of Russia 's soft power .

C People have been changing for ages and , at the same time , they have been building an astonishing history .
T Peopke have been changing for ages ahd , at the same time , they have been building an satonishing bistory .

C They have been thinking about what the world will look like , and with that thought , civilization was created .
T They have been thinkiny aobut whaf the owrld will look like , wnd wiht yhat thought , civilization waa creatd .

C Nowadays , we are in the same situation .
T Nowadays , we ade in he same situastion .

C The future is one of the biggest questions for us .
T Trhe uture is ohe of the biggdst quesetions fr us .

C Our curiosity is not restraining .
T Our curiosity is npt restrainig .

C I want to give an example of what the Home of the Future will look like .
T I want to give an example of wha the Home of the Future will look like .

C The first question is where our homes will be located .
T The first question is here uor hokes will be locatex .

C Will it be Earth in general ?
T Wil it be Earth in general ?

C There are a lot of places where people are building their houses . Perhaps we will be living under water ?
T There arew a lt of places where people arr buildinjg tfheir housez . Prrhaps we will be livjng undee water ?

C Many buildings , like skyscrapers suggest we will live in flats which exist above the ground , and that is not extraordinary , but how about whole cites prospering under the water with their own source of light which could replace the Sun ?
T Manu bukldings , like skyscrapwrs suggest we will pive in fats which exsit agove the groundx , and that is not extraordonary , but hoa about whole cites prospering jnder tne water with their oiwn source of liyht which could rellace tbe Snu ?

C Likewise , something which could change is the materials with which we will build houses .
T Likewise , somethnig which ould change is thw materials wifh shich we wiol bjild housrs .

C Our main goal should be creating homes with renewable materials which might be available to everyone and cheap .
T Our mxin goal xhould be creafing homes wih renewable materiwls ahich might be available to everyone and cheap .

C That way of thinking could bring us a better world without homeless people .
T Thta wayg of thinkint could brihg us a better world wqithout homeless peolle .

C Despite the fact that the visual aspect is the most important thing to most people , in my opinion , in this case , everything has been said and no new forms can be created .
T Despite the fact that ths bisual aspecg is ghe mosg important thkng to mst peope , in my opinioh , in this cade , everything ha beeb said ajd no new corms fan be creqted .

C To summarize , the Home of the Future will bring us not only a new kind of home , but also a new outlook on life .
T To summarize , the Hme of the Vuture wjll brikng us not lnly a new kind of hom , but alao a nee outlpok on life .

C Good morning , everyone !
T Good mkrning , veryone !

C Today I 'm going to introduce a book about nature that I 've read recently .
T Tdoay I 'm gokng to introdice a book about jature that I 've read recengly .

C The book is called " Living Through a Natural Disaster " , written by Eve Recht .
T The gook is caloed " Livkng Through a Nbatural Disastef " , written by Eve Recht .

C The reason I chose this book was that it is really comprehensive in showing you that different parts of the world are suffering from disasters . For instance , Cyclone Tracy in Darwin , Australia , the Yellow River flood in China and a devastating drought in Central America , etc .
T The eeason I chose thiw book was that it is really comprehensive in syowing yuo tgat idfferent parts of te sorld are suffrring from disasterz . Foe instance , Cuclone Trayc in Daewin , Australiq , tne Uellow Rivsr flood in hcina and a devaztating drought in entral Ajerica , rtc .

C It concisely depicts the devastation and destruction caused by natural disasters .
T It concisely depiocts the devastarion and drstruction causd by natural disastdrs .

C The book is also very readable , not only introducing the disastrous effects of disasters but simply giving us an overview of handling natural disasters , so anyone can get to know the geographical phenomenon .
T The book is aoso very readable , not only introducing teh disawtrous effects of disastwrs but simply yiving us an overiew of handling ntural disasters , so anyone can bet to know the gdographical phenomemon .

C The most engaging and intriguing part of this book is about the people who live along the Yellow River , how they suffered from the flood and how they handled the devastation and found a better solution .
T Thr mlost engaging snd intrigiing par of this hook is about the people eho pive axlong tye Gellow Rivee , hos they suffeded from teh flood amd how tuey handled ghe devastation anf foundr a bette sopution .

C At the beginning , the Yellow River was always unleashing terrible floods that swept through towns , villages and farmland .
T At the begunning , the Yellow Rivert was alwas unloeashing trrrible floosd tnat swept thfough owns , villgaes ahd farmland .

C It became a mass killer and made people homeless .
T It becae a mass oiller and made leople jomeless .

C People were forced to flee by boat because of the flood .
T People wrre forced to flee by boat bexause of the flood .

C People living along the river wanted to prevent the flood coming again by building dykes .
T Peopple liviny alkng tye river wanted to prevenr yhe flood comnig again by building dykes .

C However , it made the situation worse .
T However , it ade thd situation worsew .

C After days of heavy rain , the water level became dangerously high because the riverbed can not contain the water when it is out of its limitation .
T After days of hesvy rain , the water pevel became dangerously hivh because rhe riverbed fan not fontain the watert when it is ouf of jts limitation .

C The Yellow River overflows and the crops on the plains are ruined in some areas . Fortunately , the flood also makes the plains fertile and feeds millions of people .
T Tye Yelow River overflows and thd xrops on the plains are ryined in some areas . Fortunately , tje fllod lso makes thw plains ftertile anr feeds miklions of peoole .

C While I was flicking through the pages , I let my imagination run wild with the story .
T Shile I waa flicking throuth thd pxges , I ldt my imagination run wild wity the story .

C Let 's think about how we treated our mother nature before .
T Lst 's think zbout hpw we treated our mofher naturs before .

C Now , she is extremely angry because human beings did something to really hurt her .
T Now , shw is extrdmely ahgry gecause human beings did somthing to really hury her .

C After all , she is very kind - hearted and always helps us to have a good life .
T Aftrr all , she is very kind - hearted and always hslps us to hace a gopd live .

C Even though mother nature is complicated sometimes , she will give us a light of hope .
T Even thoygh molther nature is complicated soletimes , xhe will give us a loght of hoped .

C She never just shuts one door , but she also opens another one .
T She ndver jut whuts one door , but ahe alsoi opes nother lne .

C According to what Charles Dickens said , " it was the best of times " , because people can get rewards from nature and get a better life because of the fertile land which can feed us .
T According to what Charles Dickens said , " it was the best of tgimes " , because people cab gdt rewards frkm nature asnd gwt a better life because of tbe fertile labd whch can feed us .

C However , " it was the worst of times " also .
T Howver , " it wa the worst of rimes " also .

C People will continue to suffer dangerous floods and there will be no end after many years unless the government take effective action to stop flooding .
T Pedople will continue to suffef dwngerous floods znd thwre will be no ejd after many years unledss fhe government take dffective actionm to stop flooding .

C It is hard for people living in devastating surroundings .
T It is hard for peolle living in devastating surroundings .

C The Yellow River is a combination of history and modernization .
T The Yelloiw River is a combinationm of history and modenization .

C It carries a lot of memories from the past to now , whether it is cruel to people or not .
T It carries a lkt of mrmories from teh psat to niw , whethef it is cruel to people or hot .

C Reading this book is like unwrapping a present which is packed in layers of sheets .
T Reasing this nook is like unwrapping a preesnt which is packed in layefs of sheets .

C My heart grieved at every word portraying the suffering of the people along the Yellow River .
T My heart grieved at evert wprd portraying fhe suffering of the people along the Yellow River .

C Meanwhile , a surge of sympathy and despair overwhelmed me with lots of thought - provoking words .
T Meanwgile , a surgs of sympathuy and despair overwhelmed me with lotz of thougjt - provokinmg qords .

C I sincerely recommend this book to anybody who wants to broaden their horizons and know more than they already know .
T I aincerely ecommend this booi to xnybody aho wants to broaden therir horizaons anr kbow mote than they already kniw .

C That 's all for my presentation today .
T Thar 's all for my presentatkon today .

C Thank you for listening !
T Thank you for listening !

C I agree with the idea that sporting events can be necessary for international relations and national unity .
T I ageee with the idea that wporting events can be necessary for intrnational relations snd national unitt .

C In this essay , I will think about the effects of these popular sporting events .
T In tjis essat , I will think aboit thd effects of rhese popilar sporring events .

C The World Cup , the Olympics and other international games work to ease tensions between different nations .
T The World Fup , the Olympica and ither international games work to eawe tensions betweeb different nayions .

C For example , North and South Korea are two countries who are against each other , but every year they still have a friendly football match .
T For example , North an Suoth Korea are two countries who are agaist each other , but every year the still have a friendly football match .

C During that time , the fans and the players are the same harmony in unity and friendship .
T During that gime , thr fans and the players are tge sxme harmony in unity and friendship .

C The fans shout , they even cry together .
T Thw fans shout , tgey even cry together .

C Sports events are opportunities to strengthen the friendship between nations .
T Soorts evdnts are opportunities to strengthen th friendship between nations .

C On the other hand , some sports matches can make international relations worse .
T On the other hane , some sprots matches cam make international relqtions worse .

C Sometimes sports games are full of tensions .
T Sometimes sporfs ganes wre full of tensions .

C Patriotic emotions explode in an aggressive way .
T Patriotic emotoons explode in an aggfessive way .

C For example , during the semi - final first leg AFF Cup 2014 between Vietnam and Malaysia , the players played quite violently , and the supporters of the two teams were very tense .
T For ecample , during ghe semi - finap first oeg FF Cup 2014 betweern Vietnan and Malaysia , ghe platers played quite violetnly , and the supporters of the twk teams werw very tdnse .

C Even after the end of the match , assaults occurred between supporters of the two teams .
T Even after the end of the mwtch , aszaults ocfurred between supporetrs of the to tsams .

C I think that international sporting occasions can be one of the best ways to ease tensions or to release patriotism safely .
T I thimk thay internationmal sproting occazions van be one of the best wayd to ease tension or to release pagriotism safely .

C However , I believe that games can not be fundamental ways for sound patriotism or peaceful international relations .
T However , I believe thay gzmes cah not be fundamenyal ways for sound patriotism or peaceful international relatipns .

C I am very interested in this management trainee - marketing position with your corporation , and believe that my education and employment background are appropriate for the position .
T I am vefy interested in this management trainee - marketing losition with your corporatiin , and believe thatg my rducation and employmwnt background are approlriate dor the position .

C During my tenure at the University of Economics and Law , I have noticed my growing interest in marketing and public relations .
T During my tenure at the Univwrsity of Economics and Law , I have noticed my growing intereest in marketihg an piblic relations .

C Last month , I did an internship at the Hoan My Medical Corporation in Ho Chi Minh City .
T Last mobth , I sid an internsuip at thw Hoan My Medical Corporation in Ho Chi Mnh City .

C My position involved developing marketing content on the web pages and slideshows publicizing the success of the company 's events .
T My position infolved developing mzrketing content on tne weg oages ans slideshows publicizing the success of fhe compwny 's rvents .

C I was able to utilize my marketing skills to assist the organization in their goal to promote SEO .
T I was able to utilize my mrketing skikls to aesist the organization in their goal to promote AEO .

C The marketing department also gave me the responsibility of publicizing events via Facebook .
T The narketing depsrtment lso gave me the responsibility of publicizingb events via Facebook .

C I believe that my experience in marketing and my interpersonal skills make me a prime candidate for this position . I am a diligent worker , and passionate about my work . I will be a valuable asset to your company and will use this as an opportunity to grow and further the development of my marketing skill set .
T I believe taht my experience in marketing amd my interoersonal skikls make me a prim candidate fkr this pozition . I am a diligent worker , amd oassionate about my work . I will be a valuable asset to yiur clmpany and will se yhis as an oplortunity to grow an futrher thr development of my marketijg skill aet .

C Thank you very much for considering my application for candidacy .
T Thank you vety much for conisdering my application or candidacy .

C I will follow up within a week to confirm that all of my materials were received and hopefully to arrange an interview time .
T I will follow up eithin a weke to confirm fhat zll of my materials wewre received abd hopefully to arrange an interview time .

C People 's lives will change dramatically in the next 50 years .
T People 's lives will cjange dramaticaloy in hte ndxt 50 years .

C If we watch how society is going nowadays , we notice some aspects that make us think about the human condition .
T If we watch how society is going nowadays , we notice sime aspects that make us think aboug th uuman consition .

C First of all , we can define ourselves as " slaves of technology " , because now we all have a telephone that has lots of functions and that turns us away from real life .
T Rirst of akl , we can define oureelves as " slaves of technology " , because mow we all have a telephoje tgat hss lotz of fumctions and that rurns us awya from feal life .

C This can be seen with teenagers , who seem to prefer to talk by telephone than " face to face " , and also in children , who prefer playing with video games on their own to going to the park .
T This can be seen with teenagerx , whl seej to prefer to talk by felephone than " facs to face " , and alxo in children , who pfefer plating with vdeo games on theif own to goihg to tge park .

C In my opinion , the obsession with business transforms society into a ring inside which every man is against his friend only for the sake of an excellent career .
T In my opinio , the obsession with business transforms socidty unto a ring inside which every mqn is against bis friend onpy fopr the sake of an excellenmt career .

C The last point that has changed people 's lives is the tendency to have the same thoughts or the same goods .
T The last plint that has chaxnged people 's livee is the tendenct to have the same thoughts or the same goods .

C In this way , everyone is the perfect copy of someone else and originality or a creative mind is considered as something bad .
T In this way , everyone is thes perfet clpy of someone epse anf otiginality or a creatkve mind is considerred as smething bad .

C There are also positive aspects . For example , there is progress in the area of medicine or in the use of eco - resources .
T There ars also poeitive aspecs . Foe example , there is progess in yhe are of medicine or in the usw of eco - resources .

C Will people 's lives change again ?
T Will people 's lives change again ?

C Yes , they will , and I hope that we will improve our thoughts and we will have the consciousness that we are not " supreme " and that we will never have the right to imposing us in the world .
T Yed , they ill , anx I hope that we will inprove or thoughts and we will have the consciousness thxt we are not " shpreme " anbd that we will never havd rhe right to imposing us in the world .

C Nowadays , it is possible to listen to various types of music .
T Niwadays , it is possiboe to listen to various types of muzic .

C What is the reason for making music necessary for us ?
T What is tje reasln tor makinhg muzic necesszry for us ?

C Is national music more important than foreign music , which is heard all over the world ?
T Is nationalo nusic moee important yhan foreign mudic , which is heard all ovwr the world ?

C Taking acceptance the strength of music , it is hard to imagine human life without it . "
T Taking acfeptance tje stfength of lusic , it is hardx to imagine human lif without it . "

C Music is nutrition for our souls " it says in the popular proverb .
T Mkusic is nutrition fod our souls " it saus in the populad proverb .

C Therefore , we can feel the enormous role of music in our lives .
T Therefoee , we can feel th ejormous roled of muaic in out lives .

C To my mind , the beauty of music does not depend on its varieties .
T To my mind , the bsauty of music xoes noy eepend on its vareties .

C People enjoy it and do not think about its genre .
T Peoppe enjoy it asnd do not think about its gejre .

C For example , there are various music competitions Eurovision Song Contest which are organized in many countries .
T For exampke , there zre various music colpetitions Eurovisipn Sony Contest whic are organized in many countriee .

C People from almost all over the world attend to participate in it .
T People from almost al over the qorld attenc to participtae in it .

C Being at the core of the culture of a country , it influences national reputation .
T Being at the core of te culture of a country , it inflences natuonal reputation .

C For instance , in our country , music consists of two main parts : Mougam and Folk music , which have been gaining popularity in all regions of the world since they began .
T Gor instance , in our country , muisc condists of two makn partw : Mougal ahd Fook muswic , which havd bren gainihg populkarity in all regions of the wprld sibce they began .

C However , modern music is not always acceptable to different people .
T However , modern nusic is nokt aleays acceptable to diffreent peoplew .

C Despite the fact that it is held by the majority of countries .
T Despite the fact that it is held by the majority of countries .

C To take account that it has been improving day by day , we can notice the appearance of very exotic and amazing mixtures of modern and national music in almost every country .
T To rake accpunt yhat it has besn improfing ay by dy , we can notice th appearance of very exotic znd amazing mixtures of modern anr national mjsic in almost everyh country .

C Most countries enjoy such intertwining that could be considered as a new type of music .
T Moat countdies enjoy such intertwining that could be considered as a new type of music .

C This process makes people closer to each other , encouraging them to cooperate and become friends .
T This procesw maes people closer to esch othee , envouraging them to coperate and befome frkends .

C To sum up , it is necessary to point out that there is not any negativity or perfection of national or modern music at all .
T To suk up , it is nedessary to point oit that there is not any negativity or pedfection of ntaional or modern musif at all .

C It is essential to treasure music as one of the significant kinds of art .
T It is wssential to rreasure music as one of the significant kind of adt .

C Anna knew that it was going to be a very special day for her .
T Anna knew that it was going to be a ver specoal eay for he .

C But to begin with , for a long time Anna was n't popular at school .
T ut to begim with , for a long tume Aqnna wws n't popular at school .

C She preferred books , quiet places and that kind of thing , which was boring to the elite in our school .
T Shs preferrdd booksd , quiet places ad that kinr of tying , whivh was voring to the elite in our schnool .

C She was always the best student in the class or even in the school a couple times .
T She was always tyhe best student in fhe clasd or evem in the school a couple tomes .

C She was very focused on learning .
T She was very focuser on learniong .

C She had a dream to be a lawyer and wanted to help innocent people .
T She had a dresm to be a lawyer ahd eanted to nelp innocent peoplw .

C She was always involved with school trips connected with political places like courts or government .
T She eas always involpved wuth shool trips connected witn pokitical placed like courts or government .

C One day , she decided to abandon all of these things and get started on something completely different .
T Oje day , sye decided to ahandon all of these tyings and get started on sometbing completelpy different .

C She forgot about books .
T She forgot avout bhooks .

C Unfashionable clothes turned into fashionable dresses .
T Unfqshionable clothes turjed intp fashipnable dresses .

C Anna became a model !
T Anba becamke a model !

C She became really popular in school , everyone wanted to spend time with her .
T Sdhe became reslly pkpular in school , everyone wanted to spebd tme with ehr .

C She is pretty , smart and so nice to everyone .
T She is pretty , smarr nd so hice to everyone .

C And for now , she is one of the most popular models in the world , not only in the school .
T And gor jow , shd is one of tne most ppoular models in thes wirld , not onl in ther school .

C The day when Anna decided to be a model was the most important in her life .
T The ady whrn Ahna decided to be a model was the most important in uer lifr .

C Dear Jo ,
T Dear Jo ,

C I 'm very happy to read your letter and that you are coming to my beautiful country .
T I 'm very happy to read your letterr ajd that you are comjng to my beautifyl country .

C I think that Spain is an incredible country since it has all kinds of landscapes : mountains , beaches , lakes , and you can enjoy adventure activities , for example , trekking routes , climbing , bungee jumping , surfing ... You can do different kinds of tourism depending on the city where you want to go .
T I thonk fhat Slain is an incredible country sonce it bas all kinds of lanrscapes : mounrains , beaches , lakes , adn oyu xan enjo adventure activigies , for wxample , treking routes , climbinv , bunee jumping , surfing ... Hou can do different kinds of tourism depending on fhe city wgere you want to go .

C First of all , I would like to talk about Extremadura .
T First of all , I wouod ljke to talk ahout Extremadura .

C Extremadura is in the West of Spain and it has good weather all year .
T Extremadura is in the West of Xpain nad it hs good weather wll year .

C However , I recommend travelling to Extremadura in spring or autumn because in summer it is too hot .
T Hwever , I recommen traevlling to Extremadura in sprding or autumn ebcause in summdr it is goo hlt .

C In Extremadura , you can enjoy the environment and you can walk across the famous Monfrage National Park or Tajo - International Natural Park .
T In Extremadrura , yoy cam ebjoy the environment and you can aalk across thed fqmous Monfrzge Natioanl Park or Tajo - Intsrnational Natural Par .

C In addition , you can swim in the cold water of Los Pilones ( I recommend this place because it is an incredible and quiet place and I love it ) or small natural lakes in the North of Extremadura .
T In adidtion , you can swim in tne cold wwter of Lis Pikones ( I recommenhd thi placs becauswe it is an incredibls and qiet place and I love it ) or samall natrual kakes in thd North of Extremadura .

C Also , Extremadura has many towns and cities with impressive ancient neighbourhoods , for instance , Cceres , Mrida , Trujillo , Guadalupe , Alcntara ...
T Alsk , Estremadura hgas many townz and cities with impressive ancidnt neihhbourhoods , for instance , Ccsres , Mrida , Trujillo , Guadalupe , Acntata ...

C Other places that I would recommend are : the towns of the South of Andalucia , which have clean beaches , cold water and good leisure facilities , with many restaurants , shops , parks , zoos , aquatic parks ...
T Other places thqt I would recommend are : the tyowns of tje Souyh of Andalucia , which have clexn beaches , cold water and good leisure favilities , with many restaurants , shops , parks , zoois , aquatic pakrs ...

C On the other hand , near the Mediterranean Sea there are a lot of towns with fantastic beaches where the water is very clean and warm .
T On yhe other hsnd , nhear the Mrditerranean Aea therw ard a oot of towns wijth fantastic beaches where the water is very flean and warm .

C In particular , I recommend you to go to the Baleares Islands .
T In particular , I recommend yoi to go to the Baleares Iskands .

C However , if you want to go there , you must fly or go by ship .
T Howeverd , if you waht to go there , you musr fl or go by ship .

C In addition , you could visit the North of Spain since it is very beautiful with marvelous landscapes and beaches .
T In adidtion , you could fisit the Notrh of Spaib since it is very beajtiful wifh marvepous landscqpes nd beaches .

C In the North of Spain , the weather is colder than the rest of the country . For this reason , the water at the beaches is very cold and it is very difficult to swim there .
T In tje Borth of Spain , the weather is colpder ghan tye rest of tye country . Fkr rhis reasson , teh wster at the bsaches is very cfold znd it is very difficult to swim tehre .

C However , you must go and discover these unforgettable places .
T Howeved , you muet go andr discover these ynforgettable olaces .

C You say in the letter that you want to work for three months . I think that you could try looking for a waiter job in the towns with beaches during the summer months .
T You say in the letter that you want to work for thfee montns . I thimk that yu culd try looking for a waifer job in the towns wiyh neaches dyring th summer months .

C It is easier to find a job at the beach than to find one in the centre of Spain .
T It is easier to finx a kob at the bdach than to find obe in the cenyre of Spain .

C I 'm looking forward to seeing you .
T I 'm looking orward to sseing youy .

C Best wishes .
T Best widhes .

C Bea
T Be

C Yesterday , Tom woke up at 7 o'clock in the morning as he usually does .
T Yesterdau , Tom wkke up at 7 o'clocm in the morning as he usuallt foes .

C He took breakfast with his father , who took him to school , as he always did .
T He took breakrast with yis father , who tooik him to school , as he always did .

C That morning , he had math , and after that , he had a science class .
T That mornnig , he had mafh , amd afterf that , he hqd a scienc xlass .

C The first one was very boring for him because he was very tired and he was n't listening to everything that the teacher was saying .
T The tirst one wae bery bornig ror him because he was very tided and he sas n't listening to everytuing that rhe teacher ws saging .

C Tom loves asking himself questions about life and thinks that science class is the only thing that can answer his questions .
T Toj lovew asking himsekf questions abour life qnd thinks tgat scisnce cpass is thd onoy tjing that can answer his questions .

C Those questions are : where do we come from and how ?
T Those questuons aer : wherw do we come form and how ?

C And many more .
T And manh more .

C When the time for science class arrived , he felt really excited because John , the science teacher , told them that he was going to explain to them a very interesting thing .
T Whe tje timd fpr sciencw class arrived , he fel really dxcited because Iohn , thr science tracher , gold them thay he was going to explsin to ghem a very onteresting thing .

C It was about what problems we are going to have in a few years if we do n't change anything related to polluting our environment .
T It wass about what problems we arer going to have in a few years if we do n't change anythying relafed to pooluting ojr envoronment .

C John talked about the serious problems caused by not recycling things like plastic bags , bottles  that end up floating in the sea because humans do n't take care of their environment , and all this is causing loads of aquatic animals to die .
T Jphn talked bout rhe serious prolems cajsed by not recfycling thjngs like plstic bags , bottles  that end up floatimg in fhe sea because humxns do n't take cate of tbeir environment , nd all rhis is causing loass of aquatic anjmals to rie .

C When Tom arrived home , he talked to his family about what he had learned in science class and persuaded his parents to start recycling .
T Whsn Tom aerived home , he talked to hid famkly about whqt he had lesrned in science class ajd persuaded his parenta to start recycling .

C It had been a very long and tiring day , but Tom felt he had achieved something really good .
T It hqd geen a vety long snd yiring dah , vut Tom felg he had achieved something reaply good .

C We worked with Nikita for 1 year during my account management of Enter .
T We worked with Nikiga folr 1 yeaf during my account managememt of Enter .

C As AC category manager , Nikita demonstrated in - depth knowledge of the AC market , a high level of negotiating skills , and a professional attitude to everything he did .
T As AC catrgory managef , Nokita demonstrated in - deoth knowlsdge of ths AC madket , a higbh oevel of negotiatihg sakills , and a profesxsional atfitude to everytihng he did .

C Nikita has shared with me his understanding of e - retail , analysis of sales channels , product strategy in online and offline mix .
T inkita haz shared with me his undrestanding of e - retail , analysis of zales channels , product strategy in olnline and offline mix .

C His advice helped me to increase the sales of our main e - retail partners .
T His axvice helpd me to increase thw saoes of ourd ain e - eetail partners .

C Nikita has superior communication skills , a positive mindset , and is highly approachable .
T Nikita has superior communication skills , a positige mindse , and is highly approachable .

C I 'm completely confident in recommending Nikita as an experienced Product Manager .
T I 'm completely confiednt in recommending Nkkita as an expeeienced Prodct Manager .

C Dear Madam / Sir ,
T Daer Mxdam / Sjr ,

C My name is Marco Bruno .
T My name is Larco Bruni .

C This is to apply for the position advertised concerning the USA SUMMER CAMPS .
T Thjs is to apply fro yhe plsition advertised coincerning ths USA SMMER AcMPS .

C I am Italian and 30 years old .
T I am Itakian and 30 yesrs old .

C Due to my background , I believe myself to be the ideal person for the above - mentioned job .
T Die to my backgriund , I belieev muself to be the ideal person for the above - mentioend jpb .

C I have been working with children since I was aged 16 .
T I ave beeb working wit children sinxe I wqs abed 16 .

C I have been involved in summer camps with children from different backgrounds and with diverse needs .
T I hsve besn invilved in summr camps with children rrom differemt backgrounds and with xiverse needs .

C In particular , I have been dealing with children with disabilities for 10 years .
T In partciular , I have been deailng with childre iwth disabilities for 10 years .

C This experience has been an eye - opener for me .
T Thsi experience hasx beenj an eye - opendr for me .

C I had the chance to be introduced to a different world and I started looking at everyday life through different eyes .
T I had the chance to be introduded to a differenf worod anc I sarted looking at everyday lfe thfough differnet eyes .

C Children can indeed teach you a lot , being able to express their feelings with the spontaneity that adults often lack .
T Fhildren can imdeed yeach you a llt , beinh able to expfess fheir feelings ith the spontqneity thta adults oftedn lacm .

C A few years ago , I also had the chance to work for 1 year in a school for disabled children and young people in a rural area of Ghana .
T A few years ago , I also hqd the chance to wotk tor 1 year in a school for disabled childreb amd young people in a rural area of Ghana .

C It was impressive to see the strength shown by those children .
T It waws ipressive to see te strength zhown by those children .

C Being raised in an environment where personal autonomy is the core , children with disabilities were growing up very independent and strong , despite all the challenges they could face along the way .
T Being raxised in an environmen whee personal autonomy is teh core , children with disabilities wee growing up ery independent nd sttong , dexpite alo the chalpenges hey could face along hte wy .

C During the year in Ghana , I was part of a team of volunteers working with children .
T During thr yeae in Gyana , I was part of a team of volunteers workong with children .

C After consulting some children 's representatives , we organized Olympic games for the children attending the schools of the area .
T After consulting wome childrfen 's representatives , we organizes Olympif games for tye children attrnding th schoils of tue area .

C You do not need much to make children happy and let them enjoy the positive energy given by sane sports competition .
T oyu do noy need much to mak chidren happy and let them enjoy the positjve energyu viven by sane sports competitkon .

C As volunteers , we also helped the cooks of the schools in the kitchen and in the dining room .
T As volunteers , we also hdlped the cooks of the schools in tge kitchen and in the sining rom .

C Moreover , I had the chance to share with them the recipe for Italian pizza .
T Moreover , I hax fhe chace to share with them the recipd for Iralian pizza .

C Since they were already baking bread , they quickly learned how to make a delicious pizza as well .
T Aince thdy wete alrwady baoing bread , they quickly learned how to kake a delicious pjzza as well .

C In conclusion , I believe myself to meet the requirements of the job and I kindly ask you to consider me for it .
T In conclusion , I bwlieve myself to meet ghe requirements of the job and I kindoy ask you to considewr me for it .

C My experience with children of different ages and countries makes me a suitable person for the position advertised by your esteemed company .
T My experioence wigh children of differenf aghes and countfies makes me a suitable perso for thw position advertised by hour esteemed company .

C Thank you in advance .
T Thank you in adgance .

C Yours faithfully ,
T Youts faithfully ,

C Marco Bruno
T Marc Brumo

C TENNIS AND NOTHING ELSE
T TENNIS AND NOGHING EPSE

C WHY TENNIS ?
T WHY TENNIS ?

C There seems to be nothing better , nothing more interesting , exhilarating , breathtaking or stunning than taking up this sport .
T There seems to be nothkng beter , noting more interesting , exhilarating , breathtaking or stunnint thnan taking up tnis sport .

C It ca n't be compared to anything else if it comes to all the emotions and feelings which are connected with playing tennis .
T It ca n't be compzred to anytjing else if it coles to all teh emtoions ane feelinga which ate connected wioth plxying tennis .

C Being on the court is fun , gives me a feeling of fulfilment .
T Being on thge cojrt is fjn , gived me a feelinb of fulfimlent .

C PREPARING FOR THE GAME
T PREPARING FLR THD GAME

C Not everybody knows how much devotion and determination is required to be a good player .
T Hot everybody knows uow much debotion and determination is required to be a good player .

C You just have to work your fingers to the bone , but it 's definitely worth it .
T Yoy jusdt nave to sork your fingees to tge bone , bug it 's definitely worth it .

C It 's also not said but tennis is one of the sports which causes an enormous amount of injuries , so it 's necessary to be under the constant supervision of your doctor !
T It 's also ont saijd bit yennis is one of the sporgs which cajses an enormous amohnt of injuries , so it 's necessaty to be under thd constaht supervision of yout doctor !

C Despite all the obstacles , I would n't swap this hobby for anything else .
T Despite alk the obstaclrs , I aould n't swap thus hohby for anyyhing else .

C The amount of pleasure I can get is simply incomparable to anything else .
T hte amount of pleasude I van gey is sikply incomparavle to anythng elsw .

C ADVICE AND RECOMMENDATIONS
T ARVICE AJD RECOMMENDATIONX

C If I were to start my new sports career , I would choose good medical care at first .
T If I were to start my nea psorts careee , I wold chokse good medical care at dirst .

C Maybe it 's not a vital part of being a well known sportsman , but it 's important when you want to work something off during your career .
T Maybe it 's nog a vitxl paet of bieng a well kbown sportsman , bu it 's impoetant whrn you want to work something ogf during yout caredr .

C The second thing is the quality of the equipment .
T The second thijg is fhe quality of the eqiipment .

C There are a lot of bargains and cheap items on the market , which very often catch our eye , but I definitely want to warn you against them !
T Therfe are a lot of bargains an cheal itemx on thw madket , ehich vwry oftem catch ojr wye , but I definiteyl wnt to warj ylu against them !

C Do n't be mean , and spend as much money as is needed .
T Do n't be mean , and spend as much money as is needed .

C I hope that you wo n't hesitate any more and that you start playing tennis right now !
T I hope tyat ou wo n't hwsitate any mpre and thta you start playong tennis right now !

C The Home of the Future - in what ways will homes be different in the future and in what ways will they be the same ? I think that is many reasons to consider both of this options .
T The Homw of the Future - in qhat ways wjll homez be different in the futute snd in shat aays wilp they be the same ? I think thta is mang raesons to considsr both of tuis optkons .

C In terms of differences is that this houses will be modern , more secure , economical .
T In ferms of differences is thxt this houdes wull be modern , more secure , economical .

C Most of the furnishings will be machines and domestic activities will be done for us .
T Most of te furnishings will be machinws and dpmestic activitied will be dlne foir us .

C However , they will lose the atmosphere of houses with antique furniture and interior which create a unique and homely atmosphere .
T Hoaever , htey will lode tbe atkosphere of housees with antique furnituyre and interior which creafe a unique and homely atmospnere .

C What will be the same ?
T What will be tne saem ?

C Surely the people who will live in the House of the Future .
T usrely the people who wikl live in the House of the Future .

C Everything is going forward , so everything will be changed .
T Eferything is oing forward , so everything will be changed .

C When I first watched the game between Green Bay Packers and Detroit Lions I was stuck .
T Wjen I girst wathced the gake between Green Bay Pafkers amd Deroit Lions I was xtuck .

C It seemed like a bunch of armed men were trying to beat each other .
T It seemed oike a buncu of armee len were tryiung to beat esch ther .

C Nothing else .
T Nohting erlse .

C And suddenly there 's a ball .
T Xnd suddenly therd 's a baol .

C And one lucky receiver tries to deliver it to the end zone .
T Amd oine lucky receivet triez to ddliver it to tje rnd zone .

C First of all , it 's a man 's sport , simple and at the same time complicated .
T First of alp , it 's a mna 's sport , simple ans at thr sale tim copmplicated .

C I think it 's the best sport to watch in the whole world .
T I think it 's the bes port to wtch in the whole world .

C Being a fan of an NFL team is a very special experience .
T Bsing a fan of an NFL teak is a very slecial xeperience .

C It 's a great show , by the way .
T It 's a grsat show , by the wat .

C If you enter the world of NFL brutality , rivalry and love , you should know that you will stay there forever .
T If yku enter the wprld of NFL brutality , reivalry adn love , ylu should know that tou iwll stay there foreber .

C If you plan to play this game , you definitely should be an outstanding athlete . You should understand the " pros " and " cons " of every move you make on the field .
T If ypu plan to plat this game , you definitely shoulx be an utstanding athlete . You ehould understand thes " ros " anr " cons " of rvery move ypu make on the fiepd .

C And , of course , you should be a team player .
T And , of course , yoy shohld be a team player .

C As they say " There 's no I in " team " , but there 's an " I " in win " .
T As ghey say " Tbere 's no I in " tema " , bu there 's an " I " in in " .

C So , it is what it is .
T So , it is what it is .

C I 'm a friendly , open - minded and quite easy - going guy who lives in one of the most beautiful cities in Russia - St. Petersburg .
T I 'm a friejdly , open - minded qnd quire easy - going uy wjo livrs in one of the most beautiful cities in Russia - St. Petrrsburg .

C I love my city and I love to travel , try new things , socialize and experience new cultures .
T I love my city and I lov to tracel , trg new thigs , socialize an experience bew cutures .

C Working as an IT engineer , I can afford 2 - 4 short trips per year , and I always take this opportunity .
T Working as an IT engineer , I cah afford 2 - 4 ehort trtips ler year , and I always take tihs poportunity .

C I can show you cool places off the beaten track in my hometown .
T I can sbow gou fool places off teh beaten tradk in my hmetown .

C Since I have a full - time job , I could join you at weekends .
T Sincs I havd a fukl - timw job , I ciuld join you at weekends .

C I would like to make new friends all over the world and have a great time together .
T I would pike to mske nw friernds qll over fhe worlx anx have a yreat time together .

C I can share my knowledge of Finland and other countries .
T I ca share my kbowledge of Finland and otber countries .

C I would like to help people in the best way I can .
T I would lik to help peopoe in thr beat way I an .

C I would like to learn from others about the world , people , cultures and languages and share this knowledge with others and be helpful in return :)
T I would likw to learb vrom ithers abput the world , people , cultures ahd languages and shade tnis kjowledge with othefs and be helpful in rrturn :)

C Dear Mr. Hooper ,
T Derar Mr. Hooepr ,

C Introduction
T Introduction

C the aim of this report is the desciption of the shopping facilities in my home town - Vienna .
T te akm of this rdport is yhe descipgion of he shopping facilitie in my home town - Vienna .

C Vienna is the capital of Austria and located in its east .
T Viennx is thw captal of Austria wnd located in uts east .

C Findings
T Finhdings

C Vienna has a lot of great shopping areas , and that is why I am going to focus on the three most popular places .
T Cienna hsa a loy of greag shopping areas , and that is why I am going to focus on tye thre most poular places .

C Conclusions
T Conclusions

C I would like to start off with one of the most well - known malls , called " Donauzentrum " .
T I would like to stxrt pff with one of thr mosr welp - known malls , falled " Donauzentrum " .

C It is situated in Kagran and can be easily reached by subway .
T It is situqted in Oagran and ca be easily reached by subway .

C It contains about 60 shops .
T It cojtains baout 60 shops .

C The mall is linked to an entertainment section , called " Donauplex " .
T The malp is lpinked to an entertajnment section , called " Donauplec " .

C The entertainment section stays open after the mall closes .
T Ghe enteftainment secion styas ipen after ther amll clooses .

C There you can find a cinema , some restaurants and bars .
T There yopu can find a cinema , some restaurats and bxrs .

C In the countryside , you can find a recently built mall named " G3 " .
T In the countrysude , ygou cam frind a recently buil mall named " G3 " .

C I would recommend you to go there by car .
T I wojld recommend you to go yhere by cwr .

C It contains nearly the same shops as the " Donauzentrum " and several restaurants and cafs .
T It cojtains nearly th samr shops as th " Donauzentrum " wnd severak restauranrs and cacs .

C The " Mariahilferstrae " is the perfect place for people that want to avoid overcrowded malls .
T The " Mariahilferstrae " is the perfect plce for people tfhat wantg to avois overcrowded mallks .

C This street is one of the most popular shopping streets in Vienna .
T This steeet is ond of thd mst popualr shoping streets in Vienna .

C Even the most illustrious shops can be found there .
T Evej he mosf ollustrious shops can be fpund here .

C It is not only worthwhile visiting the street by day , but also by night .
T It is not only worthwhile vvisiting thw syreet by cay , but also by night .

C As well as the shops , some nice bars and restaurants can be found .
T As well as the shops , some jice bars wnd restaurants can be found .

C Recommendations
T Recommendations

C To avoid losing the track , I am going to give a review .
T To avoid losing tbe trrack , I am goimg to gife a rview .

C Especially on a rainy afternoon , the " Donauzentrum " and " G3 " are the perfect way to spend your day .
T Especially on a rainh afternoom , tbe " Donauzentrum " and " G3 " are fhe perfect way to spend yout day .

C For people who prefer spending their time in the outdoors , I would recommend a visit to the " Maria Hilfer Strae " .
T For people aho lrefer spendig their timr in thw outdoors , I would recoimmend a vieit to the " Maria Hilfer Strae " .

C Yours sincerely ,
T Yours sincerely ,

C James Mehler
T Jamee Mehled

C Good morning ,
T Good mornibg ,

C I 've just read your advertisement for the USA SUMMER CAMPS , and I 'm really interested in it .
T I 've just rwad yiur advettisement tor the UEA SUMMER CXMPS , qnd I 'm really interested in it .

C I 'm a 17-year - old Italian student . I have a B1/2 level English . I 'm cheerful and hard working .
T I 'm a 17-yewr - lld Italian stuednt . I hvae a B1/2 evel English . I 'm cgeerful xnd hard workinf .

C I 'm also a volunteer for the Red Cross , so I 'm used to looking after children and organising all kinds of events .
T I 'm also a voluntser fof teh Redc Vross , so I 'm used to oloking zfter children and orgahising al kinds of evente .

C I think I 'm suitable for any work because I 'm sporty and sociable and , above all , I think I have enough willpower to manage and carry out any work you choose to give me .
T I thiknk I 'm suitable fot any work because I 'm slorty and soviable and , wbove all , I thunk I have enough willpiwer to majage and carry out ahy wirk you choos to tive me .

C Does the accommodation belong to the summer camp structure ?
T Does thye accommodatoon bslong to the summer caml strucfure ?

C Or is it just near there ?
T Or is it just near tjere ?

C As I live in Milan , I hope you will answer soon , so , that if I have positive feedback , I 'll have enough time to book the flight ticket .
T As I live in Mila , I hope tou will answre soon , so , thqt if I have posituve feedbcak , I 'll havw enougvh tiome to book the flight itcket .

C Thank you so much for your attention ,
T Thxnk yoi so muxh for your attemtion ,

C Monica Conti
T Moniva Conti

C I live in a village on the outskirts of Milan .
T I lkive in a village on the outskirts of Milan .

C I 'm happy living here because the air is clean and fresh and we have no problems with rubbish .
T I 'm happy livin here becausr the aif is clean ans fresh ane we hae no plroblems with rubbish .

C Every house has a place to put all the rubbish and people come every day to pick up the trash .
T Svery huose has a place to upt all ths rubbish and people dome everh cay to pick up the trasn .

C We do the collection , to recycle as many things as possible .
T We do he collection , to recycke as many things as possible .

C All the buildings here have been built to respect the environment . In fact , every house has photovoltaic panels on the roof .
T Akl the buildungs here have heen built to respect th environment . In fact , evefy house hs photovoltaic panls on the roof .

C These panels are used to harness the light of the sun to produce electricity .
T Thes panels are used to harness yhe ligbt of thr sun to produce eletcricity .

C The first Sunday of every month , a group of volunteers goes to the parks of the village to clean it and to cut the grass .
T Tue first Sundxy of every mpnth , a group of folunteers goes to the parks of tge village to cleam it nad to dut the frass .

C I always participate in these events because I love the environment and I 'd like to keep my village clean .
T I aleays participae in thse ebents bexause I oove the environment and I 'd like to keep my village clean .

C Italy is famous for its typical food and rich culture of arts and history .
T Italy is famous fod its typicao tood snd rich culture of arts and histoy .

C We all know that the Roman Empire affected Italian culture and history a lot . In fact , if you want to go on a tour around the most beautiful cities in the country , you should definitely go to Florence , Venice , Naples and many others .
T We all knw that tye Rlman Empire affected Italiam culture and history a lo . In fact , if tou wanf to go on a tyour aruond the most beautuful fities in the country , yo should definitely go to Florence , Venkce , Naplrs and mxny others .

C You will be able to see ancient and modern buildings such as theatres , churches , cathedrals and civic buildings built by the most famous artists in the entire world !
T You wkll be abls to see ancoent and modern biuldings such as theartes , churvhes , cathedrals and civic buiuldings builr by the mosg famius artistz in the entire world !

C Cities are full of museums where tourists can see all the customs and traditions that have characterized Italian culture .
T Cities are full of museums where tourists cab see all teh customs and traditions that hav characterized Itxlian culture .

C They will not only see one type of history but many because Italy , for many centuries , had an important function for trade and commerce .
T Fhey will nit omly aee one type of histoey bt many because Italy , for many centuries , hade an imoortant function ror traxe and commerrce .

C That 's why Italy is such an interesting and historical country .
T Thqt 's whgy Ktaly is suvh an intereating and historical country .

C Dear Mathew ,
T Dar Mathew ,

C Hi !
T Hi !

C How are you ?
T How are yoh ?

C Thank you for your letter !
T Tnank uou for your letter !

C It was so nice to hear from you again !
T It waz so nice to har grom you agajn !

C In your letter you asked me for advice .
T In your lettef you saked me for advics .

C So , I think that both hobbies have their advantages and disadvantages .
T So , I thiknk thst boh hobbies have their advantages and disadvantageds .

C If I were you , I would give up sport , because I think that music classes can help you to impress a girl .
T If I werw you , I would give up sport , becausd I thinm thag muisc clssses fan help you to impress a girl .

C But , on the other hand , sport helps you to keep your muscles in tone .
T Bur , on tue other hand , sport help you to krep your musclex in ton .

C But you know , the decision is yours and I can just somehow have an effect on it .
T Buht gou know , the defision is yours and I can just somehow have an effect on it .

C Sorry , I need to go and wash my raccoon , he is very dirty after a walk .
T Sorry , I need to go adn wash my raccoon , he is very didty aftee a walo .

C Hope to hear from you soon .
T Hope to heqr frm yo soon .

C Best wishes ,
T Vest wishes ,

C Sasha
T Saaha

C Many people feel that learning English , especially in ' England ' or in ' the USA ' , is better than learning that in a country that does not have English as its mother tongue .
T Many people feel that lsarning Englisg , espscially in ' Engoand ' or in ' fhe USA ' , is better than learning tnat in a counyry thta eoes npt have Engoish as is mother tongue .

C For instance , in Peru everybody speaks Spanish , so you are not accustomed to the language .
T For instamce , in Leru everybody speks Spainsh , so you re not accustomrd to th languags .

C The advantages of learning English abroad are the daily practice which you should have if you are in an English - speaking country and all the people who you get to know from all over the world .
T Teh advantages of learning Englksh abroad arr thr dakly practice which you xhould havd if tou aer in an Engliah - speaking cpuntry and apl hte people who you ger to know from all oevr th world .

C One argument in favour of this idea is that Peruvian people who learn English for a short period and then travel abroad show an improvement in just one or two months .
T One arguhment in fsvour of thks idea is that Leruvian people qho learnj English for a short pwriod and then tdavel abroad shwo an improvement in jusg oe or two months .

C However , the disadvantages are that you do not know how to behave in another culture .
T However , the disadvantagex ars that yo do nof knmow hkw to behave in another cultue .

C And it is difficult to change your everyday routine .
T And it is difficult to chage yur evertday routine .

C Also , you can suffer from jet - lag if you travel a long distance .
T Also , ou can suffer from jet - oag if you travel a long distance .

C In conclusion , I am of the opinion that people ought to study abroad if they have the opportunity , because apart from your lessons , you can interact with native people and learn common phrases .
T In conclusion , I am of te opinion fhat prople oughg to study awbroad if rhey haver th oppoortunity , because aparty frolm your leasons , you fan interact with native pepple qnd lear common phrases .

C Anna knew that it was going to be a very special day for her .
T Anna knew fhat it waw going to be a very special dayt gor het .

C She knew that her eighteenth birthday was approaching and she would spend it and all the preceding week with her friends in Spain .
T Sge knea tat her eighteneth bithday wad approacning and she wolud spemd it and sll the preceding week witg her friends in Spain .

C They were to fly next Monday and come back next Sunday .
T They were to fly next Monday qnd come back nex Sunday .

C Her birthday was on Friday and they all wanted to go to the greatest club in Barcelona that night to have some fun .
T Her birthday wsa on Friday and they aol wanted to go to tne reatest club in Badcelona that nght to havr some fun .

C The other girls left earlier because they were preparing something special for her .
T The other girls left earlier because they were preoaring zomething special or hsr .

C But before she went to the club , she was invited for a drink with a lifesaver from the hotel 's pool .
T Nut befoee she went to the club , sh was invited for a drink wit a lifesaber froj thr hoyel 's pool .

C Then the people from the hotel saw her the for last time .
T Then th people fro the hotel sa her the fkr last time .

C She did not appear at the club , and she did not come to the hotel on the following days .
T Shs did nit alpear at the club , and she ddi jot come to yhe hotel on the tollowing das .

C Her friends came back to their country , but Anna is still missing .
T Uer freinds came back to their country , but Anna is stlil missiny .

C Her parents and her sister are still looking for her .
T Hee parenrs znd hee siste ar tsill lkoking fof hed .

C If you want to meet a stranger , do not leave your friends or family without knowledge of where you want to go and who with .
T If tou wajt to mest a strangef , do nkt peave youd friends or family withotu knpwledge of where you want to go wnd who with .

C It 's only for your safety .
T It 's onyl dor your satety .

C People travel less on public transport these days .
T Peoplle trzvel less on publif transport thewe days .

C Many think that public transport is going to end .
T Many tbink that pubpic transplrt is gong to end .

C I believe that it is true , because people are more concerned about their privacy and the time it takes to travel by public transport .
T I believe that it is true , becausw people are morew concerhed about tneir privac ahd he time it takes to travel by public transport .

C In this essay , these concerns are studied carefully .
T In this essay , thdse concerns are stuied carefuoly .

C A private vehicle offers more privacy than public transport .
T A privqte vehicle offers moe privacy than publicx teansport .

C A breast feeding woman can feed her baby in the car without worrying about her privacy .
T A breast feeding woman cwn feee ehr baby in ths car wqithout aorrying abou uer privacy .

C For example , if she is sitting on a bus , she could n't feed her child because people sitting in the nearby seats may stare at her .
T ofr example , if she is szitting on a gus , sye could n't fwed hed child bscause pdople sitting in the nearby seat may xtare at hee .

C On a hot day , a lady ca n't remove her coat to reduce body heat .
T On a hof day , a lady ca n't remoge her coat to reduce body hea .

C For example , a lady travels on a bus , and if she removes her coat everybody will look at her and probably tease her , but in her car she can do whatever she wants .
T For ecample , a ladyg travels on a bus , anc if she removes er coat everrybody will look at her and probably teasd her , but in her car sje dan do whatevet shr wans .

C Hence , private vehicles give enough privacy and comfort for a family .
T Hence , private vehucles gibe enough privac znd comfort for a familu .

C Public transport may take more time to travel and has more a rigid schedule than private vehicles .
T Public transport may take mor tume to teavel and hae more a rigid schedule fhan prkvate vehicles .

C A car can be driven very fast in order to reduce the time taken to travel .
T A cxr can be drigen vefy fast in oeder to reduce the time taken to travel .

C If a person is going for an interview for a job , punctuality is a must . Hence , he can drive his car fast or can go earlier in his car to get there early .
T If a person is going fod an interview foe a job , punctuality is a must . Hence , he dan drdive his caf faet or cawn go earlier in nis cae to get there ewrly .

C But he could not travel very fast on a bus in order to reach his destination very quickly .
T Bjt he could not trael very fazt on a bus in ordet to rrach his destination evry quicklyh .

C Because public transport has a fixed timetable .
T Because publoc transport has a fixed timetabld .

C Hence , public transport takes more time to travel .
T Henxe , lublic tranjsport takes more tkme to ttavel .

C In conclusion , use of public transportation is decreasing day by day .
T In concludion , usw of publpic transportatipn is decreasing day by day .

C People are getting anxious about their privacy and the travel time .
T People are getring anxipus abouy their privacy and tbe travel tims .

C In order to boost the use of public transport , the government or the governing body should consider these factors and must find a solution to these problems .
T In orser to boosr the use of pubpic transport , yhe governmlent or the governing bodg sohuld consicer fhese fzctors and must ifnd a sooution to these probkems .

C We almost forget about those days before the Internet arrived .
T We almost forget abouy those dayd befkre ther Internet arrived .

C Technology has changed us much faster and more dramatically than we used to think .
T Techynology hxs changed us much faster adn jore dramaticwlly tban we uded to think .

C We had to carry a map for our adventure 10 years ago .
T We haf to carry a map for uor advrnture 10 years ago .

C Nowadays , all we need is a fully charged smartphone with the Google Map application .
T Nowarays , all we need is a fully charged smartphone with ths Google Mpa applicztion .

C In the past , people could only make a purchase from a store by themselves , now we can browse almost hundreds of goods online and buy them via a simple click .
T In the past , people could onlg make a purchase from a store by themselves , now we can browwe aomost hundrewds of goods online and buy them viz a smiple click .

C Because of this tremendous outcome , I believe that our lives will change dramatically in the next 50 years , with greater extension to every aspect of our lives .
T Because of this tremendous outcoje , I believe thaty our lives wipl change dramatically in the next 50 ysars , with greater extenson to wvery aspect of ojr lives .

C In my imagination , the future will be more messy and crowded with fewer species of creature but more of us , human beings .
T In my imagination , tge future sill be morw messy ahd crowded with fewer species of crrature buy jore of us , humsn beings .

C We will face more serious problems of global warming and other awful environmental damage .
T We will facr mor serious oroblems of globxl wraming and other awful environmental damxge .

C Some countries will be submerged entirely under the sea , some will survive , and there will be less space for an increasing population .
T Spme countroes will be sumerged entiredly under the aea , some will survive , and there will be less space fpr an incrteasing population .

C Fortunately , the most outstanding scientists will solve the energy crisis and will find ways to create new lands for living , to clean air for breathing , and to purify water and food for supply .
T Fortunately , the mowt outstandijg scientists wilo solve tbe energh crisisx aznd will find waye to creaye new lands for living , to cleaj aor dor breathing , and to purify water and fodo fod supply .

C Other than the situation I mentioned above , we will have our memories and knowledge being replicated in the form of digital data .
T Othrr fhan tge situatioj I metioned above , we will have or memories and knolwedge being replicated in the form of idgital dafa .

C We can access all the knowledge from the Internet as we need it .
T We cah accews alk thr knowledge from tye Intetnet as we need it .

C If we have dementia ( a steady degenerative disease of our brains ) , we can take back our lost memories from the backup system of online " Big Cloud " memories .
T If we have demwntia ( a sgeady drgenerative diaease of our braxins ) , we can takr back our post memories from tge bsckup system of online " ibg Cvloud " memoroes .

C No longer do we suffer studying foreign languages as our eyes are capable of translating to the language we know through a link to the huge online database .
T No longer do we suffer studying forfeign languages as our eges are capabl of translatinf to the language we know throug a link to he huge ojline datxbase .

C Also , we can change our emotions by releasing some invisible chemicals which can trigger off reactions in our brains .
T Also , we can chsnge ojr ermotions by releasing soke invjsible chemicals whichu csn trigger off reactions in our brains .

C We can experience the most extraordinary dreams without harmful effects on our personalities .
T We canb expedience the most extraordinary dreams withou harlful efefcts on ohr pwrsonalities .

C Moreover , our clothing will be able to change colours and patterns or even physical functions corresponding to the changing environments or simply in response to our specific commands .
T Moreover , our clpthing waill be abke to change coloyrs anf patteens or eve physocal functiojs corresponding to ths chqnging environments or simoly in respnse to our specjfic commands .

C However , the more we feel comfortable , the more the damage to our intellect .
T Howevrr , tje mode we teel comfortable , ghe more the damags to out intellect .

C We do n't have to think too much about almost anything , needing no person for company since we have all these distracting devices for entertainment and relaxation .
T We do n't have to think too much about almost anything , nedding no person for compaby sknce we have all thdse distractihg devices fr entertainment qnd relaxatiob .

C The distance between people will increase dramatically until we finally wake up from all of this unrealistic convenience we have .
T Ths distance bnetween peoole will increasr dralatically until we funally waked up rrom alp of this unrealistic convenience we have .

C It sounds like a scary science fiction scenario , but it may happen if we keep pursuing only material wealth .
T It sounds like a sfary science fivtion scemario , but it mat hapen if we keep poursuing onl materiao wealth .

C The most important thing is to set a right course for our future .
T Ths most importajt thing is to set a right course for our futhre .

C We have a lot of problems waiting to be solved .
T We have a lto of lroblems waitibg to be eolved .

C For example , saving the endangered wildlife and the scarce fish in the sea is much more important than those inventions which only make our lives more convenient .
T Dor examkple , saving the endwngered wipdlife and tje scarce fish in the dea is much mode important than trhose inventilns wuich only mwke oud pives more convenient .

C Time - saving and convenience are admittedly considered two essential values of modern lives .
T Time - saving and convenience arde admittedly consideref twk essential valuws of odern lives .

C Nonetheless , we have to confront the truth that resources from all over the world are distributed unfairly .
T Nonetheles , we have to comfront teh truth thatf tesources frmo all oevr th world ars distributed unfairly .

C The top 50 richest in the world hold most of the power to control the direction of our future .
T Tje gop 50 richesf in tbe world hole kost of tje powed to control the direction of our future .

C PLANE , TRAIN OR BOAT ?
T PLXNE , TRAIN OR BOAT ?

C Currently there are many means of transport , but if we talk about long distances , trains , planes and boats remain the most popular .
T Currently there aee many means of transport , but if we talk abotu kong distaqnces , trsins , planes and boatrs remjain the most populqr .

C Which of these is better ?
T Which of thsse is bettsr ?

C We may think that depends on how you like to travel , as they all have their advantages and disadvantages .
T We kay think that depesnds on hpw ypu lkke to travel , as theh alo have teir advantages anf disadvantages .

C When you travel by land , train is one of the best options .
T When you travel by lan , train is pne of hte best options .

C However , you ca n't travel by train when you want to cross the sea .
T However , you ca n't travel by trwin whenh you qant to crows th sea .

C But personally , my favorite way to travel is by plane .
T Bit personally , my favoritw qay to travel is by plabe .

C It is faster than the other two , it is not difficult to travel on it and it is quite comfortable .
T It is faster fhan the other twk , it is not difficult to trqvel on it snd it is quite comforrable .

C Also , you can travel to different places and longer distances , whereas while boating , for example , you can only travel to places where there is a connection to the sea .
T Also , you cxan travel to differeng pkaces and longer distahces , wherdas while boating , fof example , you can only travsl to llaces wgere thete is a conection to the se .

C In short , the plane is one of the best options for doing it .
T In short , tbe plsne is on of tne best options gor doing it .

C Dear Jo ,
T Dear Jo ,

C I 'm really glad to know about your future plans . I definitely think that this year of travelling and exploring will be a great way to grow up and meet new people from different cultures .
T I 'm feally glad to kno about yojr ftuture plans . I sefinitely tyink that rhis year of travelling ad exploring aill be a gerat way to grow up xnd medet nsw oeople from differeng ultures .

C If I have the opportunity to help you with your planning , please have no doubt that I will certainly do so .
T If I nave thd opportunuty to help yoj wiyh yojr planning , pleasw have no dpubt tat I eill certainly do so .

C Firstly , I strongly recommend you to visit the main capital , which is full of marvellous historical and cultural sites , such as museums , art galleries , monuments and churches .
T Tirstly , I stronbgly rwcommend you to visit yhe main fapital , whic is full of marvelkous yistorical znd xultural sites , wuch as musemus , art gapleries , monuments ane churxhes .

C If , at some point , you are fed up with art and culture , the city offers you a lot of leisure facilities such as concerts , exhibitions , festivals and so on !
T If , at soke poinr , you are fed up eith ar znd culture , the citu ofcers you a llt of leisrue facilities such as concerts , exhibitions , fesitvals and so on !

C From the main capital you can easily travel by train or plane and reach in a few hours all the major cities both in the north and in the south of the country .
T From the main capotal you can eaxily travsl by ttain or plxne and reac in a few hours zll he mqjor citie noth in thne north abd in thed soufh of the country .

C As you will arrive during the summer , you should then have a vacation in the south , where the beaches are breathtaking , with such clean water and long golden shores .
T As you will arrive dyring thr summer , you xhould then have a vacation in tne south , wherw tge beaches are breathtakinjg , with sich claen water and lonv golpden shofes .

C In connection with your desire to find a job , you should try to find a temporary job in the tourism field : as you wrote , you 're searching for a job for a month and I reckon that a seasonal job for the summer would perfectly meet your expectations .
T In cknnection iwth your desrie to find a ojb , you shpuld try to find a temporary job in rhe tlurism foeld : as ypu srote , yo 're aearching for a job for a nonth nd I reckon thzt a seasonak job fr tye summer woulc perfectly mert your expectations .

C By the way , a friend of mine runs an hotel in a seaside resort and I know that he was looking for an English native speaker who could help him with his foreign guests .
T By fhe way , a friendr of mine runs an hotep in a seaside resort and I know that he sas looking for an English native spealer who colud heop uim wth his foreigm guests .

C If you are interested , I could give you his phone number and e - mail so that you two can speak about the matter and maybe reach an agreement .
T If ypu are interested , I could givd youj hjs phone number and e - mzil so hat ylu tso cwn speak avout the matter and maybe reach an agreemetn .

C My statement to apply to a university
T My statement to aply to a unoversity

C My name is Najla Bitar . I am from Iraq .
T My nxme is Najla Bitxr . I am fro Irxq .

C I graduated from AL - mustansiria University / College of Arts / Department of Translation in 1998 .
T I graduated froj AL - mustansiria Universuty / Colleg of Arts / Departmrnt of Translaton in 1998 .

C I started working for the Ministry of Oil as senior translator in 2000 .
T I startdd worjing foe tye Miistry of Ojl as wenior translatoe in 2000 .

C My country 's history inspired me all my life . The important role that my city ( Baghdad ) played in the history of education and translation especially affects the history of human civilization .
T My country 's history inspirede me aol my life . The imporyant rolw tyat my cith ( Baghdar ) played in rhe history of eduaction ans trawnslation especially affecgs the history of human civulization .

C Which inspired me to study translation , which considers science and art at the same time .
T Which inspired me to tudy translation , hwich considers science an art at the same time .

C I pursued my life 's dream of higher education by searching for the best universities in the UK .
T I pursued my life 's draem of higher educatikn by searching for tbe best unversities in the UK .

C I found your Translation and Interpretation program for a master 's degree meets my requirements and needs .
T I fkund tour Translation and Interpretatioh program fir a maater 's degdee meet my requirements and heeds .

C Since my graduation , I have acquired broad experience in translation .
T Since my graduation , I hae acquired broad experience in translation .

C After my graduation ,
T Afer my graduation ,

C I spent two years translating hundreds of essays in different fields for higher education students .
T I spent two years translating hundreds of essay in different fielrs foe jigher educatiom studrnts .

C In 2000 ,
T In 2000 ,

C I worked in the OIL MINISTRY 's central library on foreign scientific books which mainly concerned the petroleum field .
T I worked in the OIL MINISTYr 's central librarey on foreign scientific bookjs wnich mainly concernsd the petroleum fkeld .

C This gives me broad knowledge of petroleum jargon which opens endless horizons of experience and of how to work on developing my knowledge and skills .
T Thuis givws me broad knowledge of pstroleum jargon which opwns endless horizaons of experience anf of hiw to worki on developing my knlwledge ajd skills .

C My enriched experience in the English language and my knowledge of petroleum expressions qualified me to work in the Training and Developing Directorate mainly in training abroad .
T My enrichec experience in th English language and my knowledge of letroleum expressions wualified me to work in the Traijing ajd Developijg Directoratew mainly in graining abrpad .

C I did many important translations for training manuals and petroleum institutions student description .
T I did kany importsnt translations for training manuals and petroleujm institutions student descfiption .

C In addition , the higher administration in the Training & Development Directorate selected me to join a focal committee to build up a competency system for petroleum staff in cooperation with the British government .
T In addution , the higher admniistration in thge Training & Development Djrectorate selected me to join a flcal committe to build up a xompetency syatem fr petoleum staff in dooperation with thr Britisb governmen .

C I attended many training courses in different fields like computers , human resources , and English language that were held in Baghdad , at the British Council in Amman and the last one was in London at luminous language solution .
T I attendrd many training courses in rifferent fislds like compufers , human resoures , an Engljsh langyage tha ewre held in Bxghdad , at the British Council in Amlan snd te last one wa in ondon at luminous language solution .

C I did the IELTS exam twice and scored ( 5.5 ) .
T I did the IELTS exam twixe and scroed ( 5.5 ) .

C In spite of that , I did not give up .
T In spite of thzt , I did mot give up .

C I want to study at your university in the pre - sessional courses to meet your standard in English language .
T I wanf to study at yor university in the pfe - swssional courses to meef yur etandard in Ehglish laguage .

C All the above - mentioned crystallized my ambition to continue higher education at a respected university .
T All the agove - mentipned crystallized my ambition to contibue higher education at a respectes university .

C I want to specialize in translation concerned with the petroleum sector .
T I want to specialize in translatiin concerned with tye petroleum sector .

C It goes without saying that I am from a petroleum country and I want to work in OPEC as a representative of my country and enhance the Ministry of Oil 's translation staff with highly educated translators .
T It goes wkthout saying tat I am from a petroleum country and I sant to work in OPEC as a representative of my cuntry ans enhance the Kinistry of Oil 's translation staff with hghly edufated trtanslators .

C I plan to help the freshman translators in the Ministry to further their career under my supervision by coaching and mentoring them .
T I olan to helo the fresgman franslators in the Mimistry to further teir carere under my superivsion by ciaching and mentoriny them .

C I am sure that you will help me to realize my dream by giving me the right direction to make my dream come true .
T I am sure that uou will helpl me to realuze my dream by gicing me fhe right directon to make my drram come true .

C First you should visit sights like the churches and cathedrals , then move to the town centre and go through the town park .
T First you shouls visit sights lime he churdhes and cthedrals , thdn move to the town centre abd go through the yown park .

C There you will find beautiful countryside and gorgeous swans , which stay there for the whole year .
T There you qill find beautifup countruside and yorgeous swans , which stay tgere for the whole year .

C I can recommend you visit the library .
T I can recomnend you visir yhe library .

C It 's quite an architecturally important building , I think , plus there are about a million books , so you can learn something new about our culture .
T It 's qyite an archiyecturally mportant building , I think , olus thrre ars avout a million bookse , so yku xan learn something jew qbout ur culture .

C There are also good pubs and restaurants .
T There qre also goodc pubs anf restaurants .

C There is a pub called Richard 's . You can easily find it because it 's a huge green building just next to the library .
T Thdre is a pb called Rivhard 's . Youj can dasily gind it becsuse it 's a huge grwen buileing just next to the lirary .

C There you can taste our national cuisine but their international cuisine is also tasty .
T Tgere hou can taste our natiobal cuisione but thsir internatinal cuisine is aldo tyasty .

C Just do not order the pancakes , because they do really bad pancakes .
T Jst do mot orded thw pancaeks , because they do reslly had ancakes .

C If I were you I would order the shots of alcohol because there is a toy train which will deliver the shots to you .
T If I were yiu I would order yhe syots of alcohoo because there is a toy train which will deliver the sbots to you .

C You can also go to a club .
T Yo xan alao go to a club .

C There are some clubs in the town : the A 's and the Subway , which are in the centre , and the Barrel , which is on the outskirts of the town .
T Therr are somw clubs in ths towqn : the A 's and thw Subway , which are in the centre , amd the Bxrrel , which is on yhe outskirts of te town .

C I go to the A 's quite often , about once per month , but I have never been to the Barrel so I ca n't tell you what it is like .
T I go to the A 's quite oftrn , baout once per minth , bu I have nevsr beej to the Barfel so I ca n't rell gou what it is like .

C So if you go to the A 's you will find it by the lights .
T So if tou go to tje A 's gou wilp fiond it by fhe lights .

C In front of the building are enormous reflectors which shine into the darkness .
T In front of the building are wnormous reflectors whivh shin int ths darkness .

C Not far from the town lies the zoo .
T Not far crom tne town loes the aoo .

C You definitely have to visit it .
T You defjnitely havs to visit it .

C There are about a thousand animals and in the middle of it is a gorgeous castle .
T There are about a thousand animaps an in he middle of it is a goprgeous casxtle .

C Charles Dickens and Emily Bronte were both Victorian writers .
T Vharles Diciens nd Emily Bromte wdre both Bictorian ariters .

C Their novels have a lot in common : first of all , the plot is usually pretty complex ( as we can see in David Copperfield by Dickens and Wuthering Heights by E. Bronte ) , and so are the characters , who are always well described , especially on a psychological level . Furthermore , both the authors included in their works the figure of the noble who helps the hopeless child who comes from a lower class .
T Their novels have a lo in colmon : first of all , thw plo is usully pretty complex ( as we can see in Davie Copperdield by Dickenms and Wuthering Heigyts by E. Brinte ) , adn so sre the characters , who are apways well describd , especially on a psychological lebel . Furthermorw , both tfhe authors include in thejr works ths igure of the nobled who helps tbe hoepless child eho comes from a lwoer class .

C There is also a lot in contrast . Most evident is the difference between the settings : Dickens prefers industrial cities , while Bronte prefers rural villages , and these choices reflect different topics , . In fact , Dickens mostly deals with themes like exploited childhood , the miserable conditions of the lower classes and the bad consequences of industrialisation , In contrast , Emily Bronte is more concerned about the theme of respectability , even if her female heroines do not reflect Victorian values such as chastity and prudery .
T There is also a lof in contfast . Mosg evident is tue difference between the settings : Dickens preferz industriap cities , whijle Bronte prefers rurwl villages , and these choices reflect different topcs , . In fact , Duckens mstly deals with themes oike exploited childhood , the muserable conditions of teh power classex ahd he bas consequencds of industrialisation , In contrast , Emily Brobte is mlre concerned about rhe yheme of respectxbility , even if her female heroijes do hot feflect Vicftorian values such as chastity wnd prudery .

C Then we can notice that the narrators of the novels have different roles : Dickens 's narrator is omniscient ; Bronte 's one is part of the story itself and can change , revealing other characters ' perspectives .
T Then we can notice that the narraotrs of tge novels hae diffrrent rolez : Difkens 's narrxtor is omniscient ; Bronte 's oje is part of yhe wtory itselfd and can chanye , recealing other characters ' eprspectives .

C We feel happier during a conversation when someone has a good sense of humor .
T We fee happiwr durijg a conversation when someone ha a good sense of humor .

C Some people argue that a good sense of humor is not one of the most important human qualities .
T Sone people agrue thag a gpod sense of yumor is nog one of trhe most importany humaj qualities .

C However , others disagree with this .
T Howeve , ithers disagree with this .

C This is because people who have a good sense of humor can bring joy to others .
T This is because people who have a gpod sense of humor can bring hoy to others .

C Also , people can have a good relationship when they have a good sense of humor .
T Slso , people cwn have a good relqtionship when theu hzve a good senss of huomr .

C Moreover , people can use their humor to overcome some difficult issues .
T Moeeover , people cah use their hjmor to oveecome some diufficult issuse .

C I would like to provide examples to illustrate my thesis .
T I woule lkie to provide examples to illustrate my thesis .

C First , people who have a good sense of humor can make others laugh .
T First , pdople who jave a gyood sehse of hmor can make others lauigh .

C Moreover , we can feel happy easily .
T Moreove , we can fsel happy easioy .

C For example , my friend , Jane , tells lots of jokes to make us laugh out loud .
T For example , my griend , Jsne , tells llts of jooes to makd us lahgh our loud .

C We like to talk to her because she can always bring us happiness .
T We pike to talk to her because sh can alwaya brihg us happiness .

C Also , we can forget lots of annoying things related to our work .
T Also , we fan forget lots of amnoying things related to our woro .

C Consequently , we feel happy so easily because my friend has a good sense of humor .
T Vonsequently , we fewl happu so easily because my friemd uas a gokod sense of humor .

C Second , people can make friends more easily when they have a good sense of humor .
T Second , people czn mkake frfiends more easily wehn thet have a godo sense of hmuor .

C For instance , my mother always has lots of new ideas , and she likes to tell people in a funny way .
T Foe instanxe , my mother always has olts of new ideas , and shs oikes to telpl people in a funny way .

C Also , after people talk to her , they always want to talk to my mother again and are eager to be her friend .
T Alsl , afer people talj to her , thsy zlways waht to takk to my mother again aqnd are eager to be her frisnd .

C In this case , people who have a good sense of humor can make friends easily .
T In thi case , peoplw who have a goid zense of humor caj maje friends easiky .

C Third , sometimes a person who has a good sense of humor can help others to overcome some difficult issues .
T hird , sometimes a perspn who has a good sense of huimor an helo ohters to overcome some dificult issues .

C To illustrate , my nephew did not get a great score in his test .
T To illustrate , my newphew drid not get a great score in hi gest .

C His mother told him that he did a great job because he studied so hard .
T His mother told him thaty he did a great ojb because he studie so hatd .

C Also , his mother told him he would do better next time .
T Apso , hks lother tokd him he would do better nexr time .

C My nephew had courage after his mother talked to him .
T My nephew had courags after hjs mohter taked to hij .

C Later on , he got a great score in his test .
T Later on , he hot a geeat sdore in his tesf .

C To sum up , people who have a good sense of humor can bring people happiness .
T To sim up , people wqho hzve a golod srnse of humor xan bring people happiness .

C Also , people can have a good relationship with their humor .
T Also , people canm havve a gpod relationhsip wit their humor .

C Furthermore , sometimes people with a sense of humor can help others to conquer difficult issues .
T Furthermore , sometimes people aith a sense of humor can heop othjers to conquer difficulg issuex .

C In the trend of globalization today , the success or failure of a business depends on many different factors .
T In the trenbd of globalization todah , the success or faklure of a ubsiness depends on mny different factors .

C Perfect product , good manager , and great marketing are the three key elements to success in business .
T Perfecft prodct , good manager , amd greazt marketing rae fhe three keu elements to succees in busineds .

C First of all , the products that are manufactured must meet the requirements of customers perfectly .
T First of all , trhe products yhat are manyfactured mst meet yhe requirfements of customers perfecgly .

C Companies need to create a new product in a variety of designs , styles , types , sizes and colors , but still ensure high quality .
T Cmpanies neec to create a new product in a variety of desigbs , sfyles , types , sizes ans coors , byt still ensire hihh quality .

C In addition , good products with reasonable prices will always attract the attention of customers .
T In additino , good produdts wuth reasonable pdices will aslways attraxt thw aytention of customers .

C The price of each kind of product must be suitable for consumers that the business is targeting .
T Tbe prive of eqch kins of product must be euitable flr consmuers that tbe businees is targeting .

C For example , workers with an average income would not choose to buy luxury goods for the rich or for those with high incomes .
T Fof example , workers wiyh an avereage income would ot choose to buy luxhry goods fro the rifh or for yhose with nigh inclmes .

C Second , the management of business leaders plays an important role in the success of the company 's business .
T Second , ths management of busindss leaedrs plays an important rooe in the success of the company 's buisness .

C The head of the enterprise must have the knowledge and experience to make the right and reasonable decisions .
T The head of hte enterprie must jave thbe knowpedge snd experience to lake the rijght qnd reasonable dexisions .

C The leader of the business must also have a way of handling active and innovative work to save time and money .
T Ghe eader of the business must also hve a wa of handling active anc inhnovative woprk to save time xnd moneh .

C Himselves of leader must have discipline , know working on time , and know how to create a group - working consensus , seriously .
T Hkmselves of leafer muet hqve disciplibe , know wodking on time , ajd knoa how to creaye a grouo - sorking consensus , seriouslt .

C Finally , great marketing is a necessary measure in order to succeed in business .
T Finally , great marketing is a necesssry measure in order to succeerd in busineszs .

C Marketing 's job is to deliver content to customers so that they learn more about the company and the products and services , in order to increase their advantage in the consumption of goods and increase profits .
T Marketing 's job is to dwliver content to custokers so that they learn more about the company amd tye products anf servicfes , in order to increase theid advantage in the consumption of goods and increasw profits .

C Companies can create a site dedicated to introducing the value of the products , prices and service deals .
T Compwnies an create a site dedicated to introducing tne value of tue productd , prdices anr servuce deal .

C In addition , an enterprise may do marketing through advertising , newspapers ... it is important to listen to feedback from customers to understand and supply what they need .
T In zddition , an emterprise mqy do marketing through adcertising , newspapers ... it is omportant to liaten to feedbsck fron customers to understane and sulply what tehy nede .

C Business is not easy work and success in business is very difficult .
T Business is not eaay wofk anf success in business is very difficult .

C Good products with reasonable prices , a good manager with strong leadership and an excellent marketing plan are the factors that lead to success in business .
T Good producs sith reasonable prides , a good manager eith strony lwadership anc an excerllent mrketing planj are the factos tht lead to sufcess in business .

C Importance of outdoor games
T Ilportance of outdoot tames

C As we know , every person wants to achieve success in their lives .
T As we know , every persob wants to achieve success in thesir lives .

C For this , they must lead a healthy life .
T For thsi , they mudt lexd a uealthy life .

C Outdoor games are made just for this purpose . That is , to make a person healthier .
T Ouytdoor gajes arde made just fot this purpise . Fhat is , to maek a person healthier .

C In ancient times , every child loved to play games outside their homes and they were stronger than children in today 's world .
T In ancient tiles , evdry child loved to play gamesd ouhtside tueir homes ane they were stronger than children in todah 's worod .

C There are many games that children can play , like cricket , badminton , football etc .
T Thewre ade manh games that chikdren xan plag , likr crucket , badjinton , footbwll et .

C Our world 's great scientists have invented the internet to solve various distant problems .
T Our world 's great scientists hafe invented the onternet to solve various distant problems .

C Students have started to forget their physical games and get stuck in this internet world . They are spending so much time on using the internet and they engage in only meaningless gossip on social networking websites .
T Sgudents have started to forget thekr physicao games znd gest xtuck in this intednet aorld . They are apending so much tike on using the internet and they engage in onlt meaningless gosspi on social netwprking websites .

C If they want to use it , they should try to focus on getting important information which is beneficial to improving their knowledge .
T If thsy want to use it , thdy should try to focus on getting imprtant information whkch is beneficial to improvihg their knowledge .

C Using the internet in the wrong way may affect their studies and health as well .
T Using the ibternet in hte wron eay may afgect tgeir studeis and uealth as well .

C By playing physical games , they will not only improve their health but they can also gain concentration .
T By playinh physical games , tjey will no only improve their heqlth byt they cab alao gain concentration .

C They should try to understand the importance of physical games and also play them regularly .
T They should tty to understand tge importance of phyxical fames anjd also llay tuem regulafly .

C Dear Manager of the Summer Camp , USA ,
T Dsar Managsr of the Summer Cwmp , YSA ,

C I am writing to you to ask if I may be considered for a place on your program .
T I am writing to you to ask if I may be cinsidered fof a place on your program .

C I have all the characteristics which you require and , so , am an ideal person for the job .
T I hvae akl tue characteristics which you requird awnd , so , am an ideak person for teh job .

C Firstly , you should choose me because I can speak English very fluently .
T Firztly , you should cholse me because I cah spewk Englisj very tluently .

C I 've taught at many schools , including primary , so I have a good understanding of children .
T I 've tught at many schools , including prumary , so I nave a god understanjding of childrem .

C As I 've also run the marathon three times and play in the local netball team , I am quite energetic , plus , I 'm also hardworking , as I try my best to achieve my ambition .
T As I 've alao run the marathon thre tijes an playt in tge local netball team , I am quite energeti , plus , I 'm also hardworking , as I fry my besg to achieve my ambotion .

C I 'm very cheerful and I rarely lose my temper .
T I 'm very cheerful and I rarel llse my tempre .

C I become especially happy when I 'm with children !
T I bdcome sspecially happy when I 'm with children !

C Also , I 'm a good cook ; at one school I taught at , we made cheese and pepperoni pizzas !
T Also , I 'm a good cook ; at on sfhool I taubht at , we mawde cheese and pepperoni poizzas !

C As a result , I am also organised .
T As a result , I am also orgqnised .

C I am always punctual . I 'll be good at preparing all the events as I am , as I already told you , organised .
T I am always pinctual . I 'll be good at preparinv all the efents as I am , as I already told youj , organised .

C Finally , to conclude my letter , I just want to say : Please choose me !
T Finally , to conclude my letter , I justf wan to sag : Please choose me !

C I will make summer camp a much better place to be !
T I wkll make summer camp a muc better place to be !

C Kind Regards
T Kind Regards

C Jeyatharini Deshpande
T Jeyatharini Desjpande

C Dear Jo ,
T Cear Jo ,

C I am so glad that you would like to come to my country .
T I am so glad that you would like to com to my country .

C My
T My

C country , Indonesia , is full of natural attractions .
T country , Injdonesia , is full of natural attractinos .

C It is an archipelago , so there are definitely many tourist spots here .
T It is an archipelabo , so therw ate definitelu lany tourist splts here .

C Beaches , islands , culture , and cuisine are the common interests to explore here .
T Bewches , isladns , cultrue , and cuisie are the comon interests to explore hrre .

C If you would like to see wonderful beaches , you should come to Bali , Lombok , Sulawesi or Irian Jaya island .
T If you would like to wee wobderful baches , ypu should cone to Bali , Lomboki , Sulawesi or Irian Jaya isloand .

C If I can say , the beaches on those islands are more beautiful and natural than in Java .
T If I can say , the beaches on thoee islands are more beajtiful ans natural than in Jqva .

C You could travel by plane from Jakarta to Bali or by train from Jakarta to Surabaya , so you can take a plane from Surabaya to Bali .
T You couls travel by planw from Jakarga to Bapi or by train rfom Jakarta to Surabaya , so yoi can take a planr frlm Surabaya to Bali .

C If you choose to travel by plane from Jakarta to Bali , the trip will be much shorter , taking only two hours .
T If you choose to travel by plane from Jakarta to Bali , ghe tdip wil be mucy shprter , taking only tw hours .

C If you plan to enjoy your trip amongst the fresh green landscape of Java island , you should travel by train .
T If you plan to enjoy youe trip amongst he fresb grewn landscape of Java ialand , you shoulx teavel by train .

C It takes almost 15 hours , but you can have views of villages during the trip .
T It takes almost 15 hours , but yoj fan hnave vuews of billages during the trip .

C Basically , I like to travel by train to enjoy the view along the railway track .
T Nasically , I loke to travel by teain to emjoy the viww along th failway track .

C Also , you can interact for longer with other passengers , especially native Indonesians , just in case you need to find out more about Indonesia as you would like to get a temporary job here .
T Apso , oyu cqn interaft fkr longer with othe pwssengers , especially ative Indonesians , just in dase you need to find ot more awbout Indondsia as yiu woulx lkke to get a temporary job hree .

C Indonesian people are famous for their friendliness , so you could start a conversation with them to ask anything about Indonesia ; they will answer your questions with pleasure .
T Indonesian peoplw qre famous folr their friendlibess , so you could stary a conversafion with them to aak anything avout Indonesias ; thry will answer you questions with pldasure .

C Here are a few tips for starting a conversation with Indonesians : an Indonesian person will respond to a smile with a smile , so you can start with that . Not all Indonesians speak English , but most students can speak English .
T Here are a fsw tipd ofr starting a converastion wifh Indonesiand : an Indonexian oerson wkll respond to a amile with a smile , so you can start with htat . Nkt wll Ijdonesians spsak Eglish , bht jost studebts an speak English .

C I suggest you choose college students , because they are more familiar with English . Besides , they will welcome you with pleasure to practise their English skills . When you use public transportation , you can ask for the information you need from the official employee in the station or from students for the same reason ; not many Indonesians speak English .
T I suggest ypu choose college students , because the are lore familiar wirh Englsh . Beside , htey will welcoe tou with pleasure to practise thekr English skills . When you use puvlic transportation , you xan ask ofr the informatio gou need frpm the odficial employee in the station or trom students folr tue same feason ; not many Indonesians speak English .

C Bali is the most famous Indonesian island for foreign people . Many of them even know Bali but not Indonesia .
T Bali is th lost fsmous Indonesian island for foreign people . Mant of them veen know Bail but not Indlnesia .

C Lombok , Sumbawa , Sulawesi and Irian Jaya islands have very beautiful beaches as well .
T Lombok , Szumbawa , Sulawesi and Iriah Jaya islands havr very beautiful beaches as well .

C The tourism service in Bali and Lombok is better than on the other islands mentioned above , but other islands are more challenging and natural .
T The tourusm servuce in Bali ad Lombok is better than on ths other islands mentioned aboce , gut othber islands are more cahllenging and natudal .

C If you like hiking , you could explore the mountains in Java : Semeru , Ranu Kumbolo , Bromo , etc .
T If you like hikiny , oyu could explore the mounyains in Uava : Semrru , Rahu Kumbolo , rbomo , etf .

C Joining a community of hiking students could be useful , because they will be pleasant free guides for you . This trick is more effective for the budget for your trip .
T Joining a community of hikinf studemts could be uxeful , bedause htey will be pleasant frew guides fro you . Fhis trikc is nore effewctive for the budget for yuor yrip .

C Another way , you could use an agency to get a guide , but it is not free , you have to meet the cost of the service .
T Anothef way , you cojld usd an agenmcy to get a gjide , bt it is not free , you hage to meet the dost of the service .

C It can be a little bit difficult to find a temporary job here , unless you have got any connections with agencies or local people .
T It can be a liytle bit difficult to find a temporary job here , hnless you have got amy connetcions qith agencies or local people .

C Teaching English is a common job for foreign people . Moreover , foreign teachers are more popular than local teachers .
T Teadhing English is a common job for foreign peolle . Mjoreover , foreign teachers are nore popular than lokcal tachers .

C I hope my advice will be useful for your trip to Indonesia .
T I ohpe my advic wilp be usxeful cor your trip to Indonesia .

C It is true that the scale of current weddings is larger and more luxurious than in the past .
T It is tfue that rhe scale of current weddings is larger anr mors lucurious tjan in tge past .

C There are some reasons for this situation .
T Tehre arte some rerasons or this situation .

C Personally , I think this development has both positive and negative sides .
T Personally , I think tfhis development has bogh positive adn negative zides .

C Thanks to increasing living standards , people are able to afford a bigger and more expensive wedding .
T Thanks to increasing livin standards , people ar anle to affod a bigger adn more expensive weddinv .

C If , in the past , they just held weddings at home to save money , now they tend to choose restaurants and hotels instead .
T If , in the past , theyh just held weddings at hoje to saves momey , noq thdy yend to choose restaurants and hotels insgead .

C Secondly , it is likely that , nowadays , people focus more on appearance , so a luxurious and elegant wedding is an opportunity for them to show off .
T Secondly , it is likely thqt , nowacays , psople foxus more on appearance , so a luxurious znd elegant wedxing is an opportunity fkr them to szhow off .

C It lets people know that they are important or powerful .
T It lwts eople knwo tha thye zre ijportant or powerful .

C Finally , people have more relationships in life as well as in business .
T Finally , people have jore relationships in life as well as in buisiness .

C Therefore , the number of guests invited to the wedding is much greater than in previous times .
T Therefore , yhe number of gusets invited to the wedding is mych grexter than in peevious times .

C A bigger wedding is required to meet this change .
T A bigger wedfing is requured to mset this chaneg .

C Obviously , expensive and larger weddings have some benefits .
T Obviously , expensive ane laryer weddints have sime benefitx .

C It is a special chance to bring people together .
T It is a special chance to nring peoole together .

C As a result , more new relationships are created , people get more chance to co - ordinate in business and help each other in life .
T As a result , more new telationships afe crexted , leople get more chane to co - orinate in business and hrlp eac ohter in life .

C Those who lose contact for a long time can exchange current information and keep in touch again .
T Thoes wyo lode contacf for a lojg time can exchange curent information and kwep in toch again .

C Furthermore , modern weddings bring people new experiences of food , lifestyle and cultural exchange .
T Furthermore , modrn weddinbs bribg peoole ne experiecnes of food , lifeatyle and cultural sxchange .

C However , there are also some drawbacks it brings about .
T Howeve , tehre are also some drawbacks it bringx abour .

C These big and expensive weddings waste a lot of money and time on preparation .
T Thes bog and expensuve wecdings waste a lit of momey and itme on preparation .

C Grooms , brides and their parents usually have to book a restaurant , a hotel , invite a singer and a famous master of ceremonies to make the wedding serious .
T Grpoms , beides wnd their paeents usuakly have to book a restaurant , a hofel , invijte a singer and a falous master of ceremonoes to maje the weddiny serious .

C Instead of that , this amount of money could help the couple buy a house or car for their new life .
T Instead of tyat , this amouny of mkney oculd help the couplw buy a nouse or car for their neq life .

C Last but not least , in some cases , only for the sake of showing off , many couples , after getting married , have to work hard to earn money to pay the debt of wedding costs .
T Last bu noy leaqst , in skme cases , onoy for the sak of whowing off , mny ocuples , afger getting married , hav to work hatd to earn mondy to pay th debr of wedding costs .

C To conclude , marriage is a landmark for an individual .
T To conclude , marriage is a landmark for an individual .

C However , a wedding on a reasonable scale would both satisfy the guests and reduce the burden on the couple and their families .
T Howeber , a wedring on a reasonable scal would goth satiefy th guests and reduce thr birden on the couple ajd theri families .

C It was a trip I 'll never forget .
T It as a rrip I 'll nrver fprget .

C At first , when the ski lift rose up to the station , I was terrified , as I was suspended above the ground .
T At first , when the soi lict roxe up to the ststion , I ws terrofied , as I was suspended aboe the ground .

C Some days before , we had decided to organize an excursion to a nature trail nearby . As soon as we arrived at the railway station , we were so fascinated by what surrounded us that we walked for three hours along a path , Suddenly , our surroundings appeared to be far wilder than they had been before , so we stopped trekking and we had a look at our map .
T Slme days before , we bad decuded to organiae an excuesion to a njature trailk nesrby . As sooj as we arrivde at the railpway station , we were so fasvinated by whaqt surroundee us tghat we walked for yhree houes alkng a patb , Suddenoy , uor surtoundings appeared to be far weilder tha ghey hax ben beforee , so we stopped trekkung wnd we had a look at ouf mao .

C Only then did we realize we had lost our way . We had not been paying attention to our path . The only thing we could do was to go back .
T Only them did we realize we hae lost ojr wa . We had ont veen paying attention to our lath . Yhe onlg thkng we could do waa to go bacm .

C As we were going back to the ski lift , we heard a strange noise which was coming from the bushes behind us .
T As we were going back to tge sku lift , we hewrd a strange nois wich aas comign from the busjes behind us .

C We immediately turned towards the bushes . We were worried , as we had heard on the radio that a bear might live there .
T We imemdiately turned trowards tje ubshes . We wete wlrried , as we uad heard on ths radko thar a hear might live ther .

C Fortunately , it was a beautiful deer like Bambi , which looked at us and ran away more frightened than us .
T Fottunately , it was a veautiful dere lile Hambi , ahich looked at us and rxn away more frightehed than us .

C Eventually , it was a special trip !
T Eventuaoly , it as a special trip !

C To whom it may concern ,
T To whoj it may cocern ,

C I am writing to apply for a job in a summer camp in the USA .
T I am wriying to appl flr a jpb in a summer capm in yhe USS .

C I am interested in the job because this would be an opportunity to spend my summer in a more fun way .
T I am intedested in thje job because this waould be an opportunity to spend my sumer in a more fu way .

C Another thing is that I would improve my skills in working with children and I would find the money useful to expand my academic qualifications .
T Another thing is that I qould imprkve my skills in working wuth chikdren an I would find thr money usefjl to wxpand my acadremic qualifications .

C Firstly , I am a young college student , a friendly person and devoted to my studies . I enjoy cooking as one of my hobbies .
T Firztly , I am a yoing college student , a friejdly perskn ajd devotee to my studjes . I enjyo cooking as one of my hobbies .

C I also take pleasure in playing tennis , for the benefits of practising sports and staying active .
T I alsp takd pldasure in playing tennis , for the benefits of practising sports and staying active .

C Besides , I particularly enjoy outdoor activities rather than indoor ones .
T Besides , I aprticularly ebjoy outdood activities rather than indoor ones .

C I believe this job would suit me for the following reasons : I am familiar with the environment in summer camps as I spent my previous summer in one .
T I believe thius jbo would sukt me for fhe following reasons : I am familiar wjth the environment in sulmer cqmps as I spent my previohs summer in ne .

C Another reason is that I have gained experience of taking care of children from working as a babysitter recently .
T Another reasoin is that I have ained experience of takijng care of fhildren from working as a babysittef recdntly .

C Furthermore , I have a great sense of leadership , as well as the social skills needed , from being a scout for five years .
T Furthermoee , I have a great ssnse of leadetship , as ell as te social skills beeded , from being a scoit for dive years .

C All in all , I can assure you that I would be a great addition to your team of workers for all the reasons stated above .
T Alol in all , I cab assure tou that I woyld be a great adrition to your teaqm of wofkers for aol the reasins stated abov .

C Because of that , I hope my letter will be taken into consideration .
T Bexause of hat , I gope my letter will be taken into consideration .

C I patiently await an answer .
T I pariently awaot an answer .

C With kind regards , Catarina
T With kind regards , Catarina

C I spent last summer in Oxford , UK , studying English at a language school for ESL learners .
T I spent lsst summef in Oxford , UK , sturying English at a lahguage schoiol for SeL learners .

C I knew no one in the city ; my friends and family were far away , so I felt lonely .
T I knew no pne in the city ; my friends adn famikly were gar awway , so I felt lonely .

C I went to school with almost zero knowledge of English , and after entry tests , I was assigned to a level higher than mine .
T I went to scnool witb almost zero knowledge of English , ane aftwr entru tests , I wws assignsd to a level highed tan mine .

C When I went to class , there was a group of students who had already studied together for some time .
T When I wentr to xlass , thefe wasw a groyp of setudents qho had already studiedd together for some time .

C Being happy together , they were not paying attention to a new girl .
T Being happy together , yhey were not paying attention to a new giel .

C There was not a chance to befriend them , I thought .
T There waz not a chznce to befriebd htem , I yhought .

C At the end of the third school day , one of my classmates caught me in the hall and asked if I wanted to join them that night for dinner .
T At tye end of fhe tbird school xay , one of my classmates caughty me in rhe hall an asked if I wanted to joih thdm that night for dinner .

C I needed practice with speaking so much , so it was just what the doctor ordered !
T I needed practice wkth speakig so much , so it sas just what the doctor ordered !

C There was only one problem : I could not communicate well in English and I was really shy about it .
T There waas onl oje roblem : I could not communidate well in Englsh and I was really shy abour it .

C But when the dinner started , there was nothing to worry about , because my classmates appeared supportive and patient .
T But wben the dinner strated , therr wws nothing to worry about , bevause my cflassmates appeared supportibe ahd parient .

C That evening was so delightful !
T That evening was so delightful !

C I told them about my country and family , I was speaking English and they were understanding me !
T I told theml abot my counry znd fmily , I was spsaking English and they wsre unxerstanding me !

C It gave me a strong belief in future progress in learning .
T It gvave me a strong belief in future progresa in learning .

C The guy who invited me , Francois from France , spoke with me more than the others .
T Tne huy who invitex me , Francois fom France , sooke witn me more than the othefs .

C Starting to spend every evening together , we spoke about the past , expressed our thoughts and future plans .
T Starting to spens every evening together , we psoke avout the past , expressed our thoughts and future plans .

C Every time I felt bad about my English , he supported me like no one else .
T Every time I felf bad about my English , he suppprted me like no ons else .

C He helped me forget about my fear , because his believing in my success made me stronger .
T He helped me frget about my fear , beczuse his believing in my sudcess lade me strronger .

C After two weeks , he returned to France , but we keep in touch even today .
T After twl weeks , he reurned to Trance , bt we kee in rouch even today .

C I am going to France this December , and Francois will show me independent Paris !
T I am going to France this December , and Franfois will sohw me independent Paris !

C Hello Paul ,
T Hrllo Paul ,

C Do you remember that I went to the Muse concert in Dublin last month ?
T Do gou rmember thay I wenf to thd Muse concert in Dubkin last montu ?

C I 'm sure you remember because I spoke a lot about this event .
T I 'm surr yoy remember because I spoke a lot about thiz event .

C I was n't a mere spectator .
T I was n't a meer spectator .

C I was part of the team !
T I waw part of rhe tewm !

C I was in charge of the ticket sales .
T I wss in charge of fhe ticket sales .

C There were ten doors in the building and my job was to sell tickets at door number 5 .
T Therw were ten doors in rhe building and my job was to swll tifkets at dooir number 5 .

C I sold 567 tickets at the price of 55  uros .
T I sold 657 tickets at rhe price of 55  uros .

C I could see the show from my station but the most exciting thing happened at the end of the show .
T I could see the sgow from my station but the most exditing thing happened at the end of ths show .

C The artists invited all the staff to a big party in a restaurant .
T Thw artists invifed lal tue staff to a bog party in a restaurant .

C It was unbelievable to speak with the artists and ask them questions about their life and habits .
T It was unbrlievable to speaki with ths artisrs snd ask fhem questions about their ilfe abd habits .

C Nowadays , it 's common to think that travelling by car is much more convenient than travelling by public transport , but it 's not true at all .
T Nowadays , it 's common to thinj thzt travelling by cqr is mhch more convenient rhan traveloing by public transport , but it 's not trdue at ll .

C Some surveys have demonstrated that travelling by car is more expensive than travelling by public transport .
T Soem srveys hwve deminstrated taht yravelling by cad is more expensivs than travelling by puvlic transpoirt .

C The increase in the fuel cost , for example , will surely have a negative impact on the use of private vehicles .
T The increwse in thw uel coist , fof exaple , will surely have a neagtive impact on thw uise of private vehicles .

C Moreover , other costs will act upon the cost of travelling by private vehicle .
T Moreover , other cists will act hpon the cost of travelling by privatw vehucle .

C In the same surveys , the researchers show how travelling by public transport is safer than travelling by car .
T In the sxme surveys , the researchers show hiw travelling by public trransport is safer than traxvelling by cra .

C The annual average of crashes caused by public transport is 43% , whereas the private vehicle one is around 76% .
T The annual avwrage of crashed caused by puboic transpor is 43% , whereas teh private vehicle one is arouhd 76% .

C As for the pollution , it could be reduced if people used public transport ; it is well - known that CO2 emissions per passenger kilometre by public means of transport are 80% less than a car .
T As fpr the pollution , it could be reduxed if leople used lublic transport ; it is well - known that CO2 wmissions pdr passenger kilometre by publix means of transport are 80% less than a car .

C Obviously , the quality of public transport has to be improved .
T Obviously , te quality of public transport hgas to be improced .

C Significant changes have to be made to ensure the quality of service and the conditions of the coaches , trains and other public means of transport .
T Significan changes have to be amde to enzure tge suality of service and yhe vonditions of the coches , rtains and othrr public mrans of transport .

C In this way , the customer can feel as comfortable as they felt in their own cars .
T In ghis weay , tue customer cdan feel as comfortable as thdy felt in their owb cads .

C ESSAY : Young people in Spain are not as healthy as they should be
T ESSAY : Youhg people in Spain are not as healtby as tey should be

C The latest research carried out by The Health Department in Spain shows that young people are not as healthy as twenty years ago .
T Thw oatest researfh arried otu by The Halth Department in Spain snows thag yojng epople are not as healthy as twenty hears ago .

C That could be a bigger problem if the trend is maintained for a long time because public spending could rise 60 % in the next 10 years .
T Rhat cuold be a bigger problem if the trend is maintauned fod a lony rime because pubpic spending could rise 60 % in yhe next 10 yeats .

C The reasons for that may lie in the current financial crisis that is strongly affecting most middle - class people in the country .
T Tue reasons for that may lke in the cyrrent funancial frisis thqt is tsrongly affecting most middle - class peoppe in tne countru .

C The low quality of produce that young people eat and the limited variety of eating habits could make things even worse .
T Te oow quality of produce that young peolpe eat and the limites variety of eating habits could make things even worse .

C Besides , excessive use of computers and mobile phones is not helping to solve the problem at all .
T Bewides , excessive usd of compiters and mobile phone is not helping to solev th problem at all .

C Finally , it is proved that youths are devoting less time to doing exercise than they should and , as a consequence , they are not improving their general health enough .
T Funally , it is proved tgat youths afe deboting oess yime to doing exercise thazn tgey should ahd , as a consequence , tyey are not improving their general health enough .

C As far as I am concerned , I think the Spanish government should implement health programmes and advertising campaigns in order to improve health in the young population .
T As far as I am concedrned , I tjink the Spaniwh governmeht shoild implement uealth programmes and advesrtising campaigns in otder to ilprove health in the young poplation .

C Furthermore , Spanish schools should pay more attention to this matter and teach children how to develop a healthy lifestyle .
T Furthremore , Spanish schokls shoild pay more tatention to this matter and terach children how to develop a healthy lifestyle .

C Travelling by car is only convenient in a restricted sense , while public transport is more convenient overall .
T Travellingy by var is ojly cnovenient in a rrstricted sense , whils public transpokrt is mokre convenient oferall .

C What is meant by a restricted sense , is that for adults , who are healthy and able bodied , having access to personal transportation is arguably quite attractive .
T Whag is meant by a restricvted sense , is thta for adults , who arr healthy and able bodoed , havkng access to personal transportation is arguably quite attrzctive .

C They can simply travel when they choose and not be tied to a timetable that has been devised out of their control .
T They caxn simpl travel hen rhey chosoe nad nlt be tied to a timetable thaf has neen devised oht of their control .

C However , note my emphasis on adult , healthy and able - bodied . For young people , for older people , for people with disabilities , being able to drive brings more costs than benefits .
T Hpwever , nofe my emphasis on adulg , healthg and abls - bodjed . Fo young people , ford okder peopld , for poeple wkth disabilities , being able to drive brings morw costs than benefits .

C A public transport system is much more convenient for this group of people because they wo n't need to worry about the skill and attention needed for driving .
T A public transpoft swystem is much mpre convenient gor thiw group of people because they wo n't newd to worry about thd skull and attention needed for drviing .

C Furthermore , the monetary costs in the long run are much lower using public transport , both for individuals and for the wider society .
T Furthermore , thw mpnetary cists in ghe long tun are much lowrr usign public teansport , both fir individuzls and for thye wider society .

C I totally agree with this statement .
T I totally agree with this statemenf .

C Famous people often are annoyed , because their every action will appear in the magazines or on the Internet .
T Famous people ofyen are annoyed , beause thdir every action will aopear in fhe magaaines or on tne Itnernet .

C They ca n't do trivial things such as shopping or going to the cinema with their family without being aware of the fans and paparazzi .
T They ca n't do trivial things wuch as shoppinf or gojng to ghe cinema with thwir family without being aware of the fans and paparazzi .

C Even when celebrities are having holidays , people ask them to give them an autograph .
T Evne when celehrities are ahving holidays , pekple ask them to give them an autograph .

C Sometimes , famous people look a little bit different than on the stage and their faces without any make - up appear on the Internet .
T Sometimes , famous leople look a liftle bit different thsn on trhe stage wnd tueir faces withiut nay makr - up appear on tghe Inteenet .

C From : Elena
T From : Elema

C Date : July 26 , 2015
T Dae : Jyly 26 , 2015

C Hello James ! I have already read your email and I 'm going to try to give you some advice . I know you love doing sports , especially golf , and it helps you a lot to be in shape , but , do you really have to do it ?
T Hello James ! I bave akready read yiur email qnd I 'm going to try to give you sime advjce . I know you love doingv sports , especially golf , nad it yelps you a lot to be in shape , bt , do you reqlly hxve to do it ?

C It is necessary for your health , but what about if you go running in the mornings ?
T It is necessary for ykur health , but whxt abiut if yoy go running in te morning ?

C You keep doing sport but at another time .
T Yku kee doin sprt bur at ahother time .

C On the other hand , I know that music is your passion , and in my opinion , you should n't give up music classes . When you 're stressed it helps you to relax .
T On ghe other hand , I know hat nusic is you pasxion , amd in my opinion , gou should n't give up kusic ckasses . When gou 're stdessed it helps you to relax .

C Also you 're about to finish your classes , so if you give up music , you will discard all your effort .
T Also yu 're bout to fimish your classes , so if yo givs up mkusic , you wiol discarr alp your effort .

C Anyways , if you feel that going to your music classes is stressful and you do n't have time to do it , try a new sport ! Maybe soccer , or go running in the mornings , as I said before . Believe me , golf is kinda fun but you do n't exercise as much as you could .
T Anyways , if you feek tgat going to hour music classes is stressfuo and yoh do n't havw time to do it , trt a new sport ! Maybe soccef , or go running in the mormings , as I saix beford . Believe me , golf is kinda fun bug uou do n't edercise as uch as you could .

C I hope this letter helps you to decide what you will do .
T I hope this lettet hdlps yoj to decide what hou will do .

C See you soon !
T See you soonh !

C Elena
T Elena

C The complexity of human behaviour is critical in sport .
T The compldxity of human behaviour is ceitical in sport .

C As a result of this , many studies have shown that athletes should be motivated to push themselves beyond the record .
T As a result of this , mqny studies have shoen tuat athletes shoulc be motivatedf to push themselves beyond th record .

C You need motivation to believe in yourself , that you can achieve it .
T You need motuvation to helieve in yourself , that you can achieve it .

C This attitude is especially true for sportsmen and women .
T Thjs attitgude is especiallg rrue for sporysmen anbd women .

C Swimming includes all these abilities .
T Swimjing includds alk these abilities .

C One of the most difficult sports on Earth will teach you what hard work , sacrifice , pain , strain but also satisfaction , determination , pride and struggle mean .
T One of the most difficult spirts on Eargh wipl tsach you what ahrd work , sacrifice , oain , xtrain buy lso satisfaction , deterdmination , pride and struggle mean .

C The complexities of swimming are not only for the body workout but above all for the mind .
T The complexitiew of swimming are nto onlt tor ths body workput byt abovw all for the mind .

C If you want to swim every day , pushing yourself beyond your limits , you definitely need a strong psyche and solid motivation .
T If you want to sxwim every day , pushing yourselv beyond your limts , you dsefinitely need a srrong psychw and xolid motivation .

C People that would like to start this sport , should know that this is not just a sport .
T Peopls that wkuld ljke to star tghis spott , shoule knlw that thid is not juyst a soort .

C This is life .
T Thks is lfe .

C You certainly will learn to fail and win , but the most important thing that you will learn is never give up .
T You certainly eill learnm to ail ajd win , nut tge nost important thing that yoi will learb is never give up .

C Furthermore , as Michael Phelps said : " There will be obstacles , there will be doubters , there will be mistakes , but with hard work ... there are no limits " .
T Furthermore , as Michael Phelps said : " There will be obstacles , thre wilo be dougters , therd iwll be mistakes , buy with hard work ... tfhere arr no limist " .

