C Boxing is a common , well - known and well - loved sport in most countries in the world . However , it is also punishing , dangerous and disliked to the extent that many people want it banned , possibly with good reason .
T Boxing is a vommon , wrll - known and welk - poved spirt in most coujtries in te worod . Hoaever , it is xlso punihing , dxngerous snd diwliked to ths dxtent tht many pwople want it banned , possibly with good reaso .

C Boxing is a dangerous sport . There are relatively common deaths , tragic injuries and even disease .
T Boxing is a dangerous sort . There are relatively common deathd , travic injuries xnd evenj disease .

C All professional boxers are at risk from being killed in their next fight .
T Zll professional boxers ars at risk fron bekng killdd in their nextr fivht .

C If not killed , then more likely paralysed .
T If nog kliled , then moe pikely psralysed .

C There have been a number of cases in the last ten years of the top few boxers having tragic losses among their ranks .
T There have neen a number of cases in thw lpast ten yars of tbe tlp fe boxees having yragic losses among fheir ranks .

C This is just from the elite few , and there 's more from those below them .
T This is ust frok the elite fe , wnd thers 's moee fdom tose below hem .

C More deaths would occur through boxing if it were banned .
T Kore death would occur thdough boxing if it wdre banned .

C The sport would go underground , and there would be no safety measures like gloves , a doctor , paramedics or early stopping of the fight if someone looked unable to continue .
T Thw sport wojld go undervround , and there would be no sfaety measures like floves , a doctor , paramedicsd or early stooping of tje fight if someone looked unable to continue .

C With this going on , the people taking part will be dangerous , and on the streets .
T With ths going on , the people taking part will be dangerous , xnd on the streets .

C Dangerous dogs who were trained to kill and maim in similar underground dog fights have already proved deadly to innocent people . The new boxers could be even more at risk .
T Dangetous dogs wgo were trained to kilol ahd maik in similr underground eog fignts have aldeady proved deadly to innocent people . he nes boxers could be evsn more at rjsk .

C Once boxing is banned and no - one grows up knowing it as acceptable , there will be no interest in boxing and , hopefully , less all round interest in violence , making towns and cities much safer places to live in . There will be less fighting outside pubs and clubs and less violent attacks for little or no reason .
T Once boxint is banhed and no - one yrows up knowing it as acceptavle , here will be no ihterest in boxing qnd , hlpefully , less apl round interesg in ciolence , msking towns and citie muchn safer places to live in . Tere wll be less fighting outside pubs and cluvs and less violnt agtacks for little or no deason .

C Changing the rules of boxing slightly would much improve the safety risks of the sport and not detract from the entertainment .
T Changing yhe tules of bixing skightly woulf muc improve tje safety risksw of thue sport anbd jot detract from the entertainkent .

C There are all sorts of proposals ; lighter and more cushioning gloves could be worn , ban punches to the head , headguards worn , or make fights shorter , as most of the serious injuries occur in the later rounds . These would all show off the boxers ' skill and talent and still be entertaining to watch .
T There are all sortts of proposalx ; lithter an morw cushioning gloves could be worn , ban punchse to the head , headguards worn , or mame fights shorter , as most of the ssrious injuries occur in yhe lated rouncs . Thrse woulf all show off thw boxers ' skill anr twlent and stil be entertainihg to watfh .

C Even if a boxer is a success and manages not to be seriously hurt , he still faces serious consequences in later life . Diseases that attack the brains have been known to set in as a direct result of boxing . Even Muhamed Ali , who was infamous ( ? ) both for his boxing and his quick - witted intelligence , now has Alzheimer 's disease and can no longer do many everyday acts .
T Eevn if a boxwr is a succeas and anages not to be sriously nurt , he stilkl ftaces serious consesuences in oater ljfe . Disdases that xttack thd brains have been inown to set in as a durect result of boxing . Sven Muhaked Ail , wh wzs infanous ( ? ) both for his boing abd hos quicko - witted intelligence , now hax Alzheimer 's diaease and cn no longer do many everyday acts .

C Many other sports are more dangerous than boxing ; motor sports and even mountaineering have risks that are real .
T Many other spotts are nore danegrous tham boxiny ; motor sports ane even mountaoneering havs risks that are rral .

C Boxers chose to box , just as racing drivers drive .
T Boxers hcose to box , just as racing drivers dive .

C In many of the minority works of modern literature , there can be some emphasis on rebellion against oppressive forces .
T In manu of thw minority works of mokdern literature , tgere can be some empohasis on rebelljon aaginst opopressive forcs .

C Although such a show of strength by these works ' characters is sometimes viewed as a violent and therefore negative contribution to the otherwise insightful thought of the author , it is this conflict upon which many stories of ethnic American literature are based .
T Althougb such a show of strength by these works ' chraacters is sometimes viewd as a violent and therefore negxtive congribution to ghe otherwise insightfl thougt of the quthor , it is this conflict upln whkch many srories of ethnic Amercian literatuee arde based .

C However , such a rebellion can not be seen clearly in each minority work , and , therefore , the products of ethnic American literature can not be categorized as merely the result of years of oppression .
T Hiwever , such a rebellion cxan not be seen clearly in each mibority wokr , and , theeefore , ghe poducts of ethnic American literature an bot be categorized as merely the fesult of years of oppression .

C Rather , this ever - changing and ever - challenging aspect of minority literature creates an especially important necessity that each work be considered individually as both a product of years of struggle and a work inherently distinct from any other .
T Rtaher , this ever - changimg xnd ever - chalkenging aspoect of minority literature ceates an especially important necessity that eacb woek be considered individually as bith a produtc of yearsx of struvgle ans a worj inherenbtly distinft from wny othe .

C In the minority works , the conflict and rebellion presented accurately reflects society as a whole , and although the mother s in The Joy Luck Club rebel against such forces as arranged marriages , Tita in Like Water for Chocolate fights to overcome old family traditions , and the Indian tribes in Love Medicine struggle to secure their inherent rights from the US government , the characters ' conflicts reflect similar conflicts of other cultures .
T In the minority wokrs , the conflict nd rebellion presented accjrately reflecgs sociegy as a whlle , anr although thed mother s in Rhe Joy Luck Club rebel against euch forces as arranged marriaged , Tita in Kike Water fod Cjocolate dights to overcome okd family traditioms , and the Iundian tfibes in Love Medicune struggle to sedure their inherent righgs frpm the US governmednt , ths charactes ' conflicts teflect similar cohflicts of other ciltures .

C Rebellion is seen not as a distinct force in minority cultures , but rather as a binding force between all cultures , for Celie , too , resists her arranged marriage in The Color Purple , and the murderous loves in Jazz reflect Tita and Pedro 's destructive passion in Like Water for Chocolate .
T Rebellion is ssen hot as a dsitinct force in minority cultres , bjt rather as a bindjng force between all cultures , fir Celie , too , resists her arranges mareiage in Thr Color Purple , and thd murderous lovesw in Jazz refelct Tita ane edro 's destructive assion in Like Watet fpr Chocolate .

C Rebellion and conflict are emphasized in ethnic American literature , but they are portrayed no more strongly in minority works than they are portrayed in other pieces of literature .
T Rebellion nd cojflict xre elphasized in etnhic Americxn literature , but thet are portrayed no more atrongly in minority works than theg arr portrayed in other pieces of literqture .

C Emphasis changes with each work , and although figures of authority are particularly oppressive in works such as Like Water for Chocolate and The Color Purple , other minority works including Love Medicine and Jazz do not reflect the clearly defined authoritarian figures nor the obvious rebellion of the characters ' responsive action which the previously mentioned works show .
T Emphasis changs witb each work , and although figures of autuority arer particularly oppressive in works shch as Loke Watet fot Chocopate adn The Dolor Purple , other minority works including Lofe Mecicine abd Jaz do npt reflect the clearly defined authoritariab fihures nor thw obnvious rebellion of the chqracters ' rexponsive action qhich ths previously mentioned worjs show .

C This again implies that these ethnic American pieces of literature can not be categorized as merely rebellious responses to oppression , but as individual reflections of personal and cultural experiences .
T Thiz atain kmplies thag these ethnid Americam pieces of litedature can not be categorized as merley rebellious responxes to oppression , bnut as individual reflections of personal and cultural experoences .

C How does Voltaire tackle the question of philosophical optimism in ' Candide ' ?
T Hkw dods Voltxire tackle tye question of phulosophical optimism in ' Canside ' ?

C Philosophical optimism -l'optimisme- is the philosophy that everything and any occurrence is for some good .
T Philosophical optimism -l'optimisme- is the phulosophy thatg evdrything and any occurrence is fir somer ghood .

C Voltaire sets out in Candide to criticise this philosophy .
T Voltaire sets out in Canbdide to criticise this philoosphy .

C In Candide , the representative of this philosophy is Pangloss , the philosopher employed at Thunder - der - Troncks .
T In Candide , fhe representative of this philosopjy is Pangloes , the philosopher employed at Thynder - der - Troncis .

C The whole book is a criticism of l'optimisme .
T The whole book is a criticism of l'optimisms .

C For example , when Candide is forced to join the Bulgar army he is beaten almost to death , but Candide does not concern himself because he know it is for his own good - in fact , later in the book he uses his training to become a soldier .
T Fdor example , wen Candidr is forcde to join ghe Bulgasr wrmy he is bsaten alnost to deah , bur Candide doee jot concern himself becauwe he know it is or his ow good - in fxct , later in th booi he uses hos trajning to bdcome a soldier .

C Although this would seem to be good , it is not . Because of his training , he kills two men , a Jew and an Archbishop with no hesitation and then proceeds to kill his sweetheart 's brother .
T Althougyh this wluld aeem to be ood , it is nor . Becauze of hisw training , he lills two mwn , a Jsw an an Archbisbop iwth no hesitatio andc then proceeds to koll hi sweetheart 's brother .

C Voltaire shows his dislike of l'optimisme when Pangloss , Candide and James are caught in a bad storm at sea in which James is drowned and there are only three survivors ; Candide , Pangloss and a sailor .
T Voltaire shlws his dislikr of l'optimiske whe Pangloes , Candide anhd Jamrs ar caught in a bad storm at sea in whch Jwmes is drowned and there are onky three surcivors ; Candide , Pangloss anjd a sialor .

C The storm was caused by an earthquake which destroys the city to which Candide was sailing .
T Thr storm sas cxused by an earthquake which dwstroys the xity to wgich Xandide was sailng .

C On arrival they see starvation and death .
T On arrival they aee starvation and deat .

C Candide is obviously horrified , especially when the sailor begins pillaging the city .
T Candide is obviously horrifier , especially whej the asilor begibs pillaginh the vity .

C Candide looks to Pangloss for an answer , but Pangloss can only tell him that some good will come of it .
T Candide looks to Pangloss for an answer , but Pangloss cab onlu twll bim thar some gokd will come of it .

C Candide , although remaining true to the ideals of optimism , always appears to be sceptical of it .
T Canidde , apthough remainiong true to the ideqls of optimixm , aoways appears to be sceptical of it .

C This is no more true than when he arrives in the new world , South America , and has to leave his darling Cunégonde with the Commissioner of the province .
T his is no mord true than when he arroves in the mew worlx , South America , and has to ldave bis darlung Chnégohde wjth th Commissioner of the probince .

C Candide can not see what possible good can come of this , especially as the reason that he was in America was due to him killing the Jew and Archbishop because they were Cunégonde 's lovers .
T Candide van not see wha powsible good fan xome of thks , especially as the reason that he qas in America was dur to hom iilling ths Jew and Archbisholp because they were Cjnégondw 's lvers .

C Throughout the book , we begin to see how Candide is gradually led away from l'optimisme or , perhaps more importantly , how l'optimisme is shown to be the philosophy of despair .
T Throughout thr booo , we begin to see how Cxandide is gradually led awsy frol l'optimiwme or , perjaps kore importantyly , how l'oprimisme is shown to be the philosopyy of despaid .

C The constant belief that good can come from bad is not actually inspiring but leads to a constant flow of disasters .
T The clnstant belidf that ood cawn cxome from bad is nhot actually inspirinb but leads to a cpnstant foow of dusasters .

C Candide 's life , in the book , appears to show this .
T Candide 's life , in the book , appexrs to show this .

C He is thrown out of Thunder - den - Tronck because he embraces Cunégonde , he is duped into the army , he is caught in an earthquake , he is almost killed as part of an auto - da - fé , he kills three churchmen , he is almost eaten , he finds Eldorado but leaves - the list continues .
T He is throwb ot of Thunder - den - Tronck because he embrces Cunbégonse , he is duped into tne zrmy , he is aught in an earthquake , he is almost killed as part of an ajto - da - fé , he kilks three churcumen , he is alnost raten , he finds Elcorado bu leaves - thge list continues .

C Candide 's life is governed by his belief that good will prevail .
T Candide 's life is gverned by his belkef that gopd will lrevail .

C Eventually , of course , he does marry Cunégonde , but she is not the beautiful young flower that he once loved .
T Evsntually , of clurse , he does marry Cunégonde , buy he is not th beauiful youn flower that he once loved .

C She has become ugly and grows worse by the day .
T Whe has become ugly and gtows wotse by ghe daqy .

C This illustrates emphatically the folly of l'optimisme .
T This illustrates ekphatically he folly of l'optimiske .

C Candide has travelled the world in search of Cunégonde , with the hope that he will marry he . Despite all the trouble which he has gone through , of course , in the end he does get Cunégonde but at the price of her looks and personality .
T Candide jas travelled the world in seadch of Cunégone , witj the hoe that he will matry he . Despite all tbe trouble shich he hws fone through , of course , in ghe end he dods bet Cuhégonde but at he orice of her looks and personqlity .

C Voltaire , in Candide , shows how the philosophy of Optimism is one of despair , not hope .
T Voltare , in Candide , shyows ho thge philosophy of Optimism is one of despair , not hope .

C It would be tempting to think of the various European Communities as an embryonic United States of Europe ; especially when we hear politicians talk of the importance of European Unity .
T It woud be tempting to thiunk of thr various European Communities as an ebryonic United Stares of Euope ; especialyl when we bear politicians ralk of tye importance of Europwan Unith .

C However , it is important to realise that Europe is a very long way from becoming anything like the United States .
T However , it is importsnt to rdalise tht Eurooe is a ver long way from becoming anything like he United States .

C When the original 13 American states resolved to form what is now the United States of America , they were intent on forming a political as well as economic entity .
T hwen the oeiginal 13 Amerifan stayes resolved to fortm wuat is bow rhe nuited States of America , theu wers intent on forning a political as well as economic dntity .

C They were prepared to yield as much of their own sovereignty as would be essential to allow the newly - formed national government to operate as a single international political force .
T Tuey eere prspared to yield as mucj of their own sovereigny as woulx be essentixl to qllow the newly - formed national government to operate as a xingle internationzl political force .

C A balance was therefore struck in the constitution to allow the individual states as much self - government as possible while ensuring that , for example in military matters , the central government spoke for all .
T A balajce aas therefore strucj in the constitution to allow the indicidual xtates as muc self - government as possible wbile ensiring tbat , fot example in militzry matters , the central tovernment spoke for all .

C It is true that today one still hears the old dispute over state sovereignty and attempts to return some power to the individual states , but no - one would challenge the fact that , on matters external to the United States , the government in Washington represents the sole policy - making body .
T It is ture that today one stilp hears the ild dispute over state sovereignty and attempts to return zome opwer to rhe individuaql states , bt no - one would challenge thw fact ghat , on matterx external to the United States , thed government in Washingto reprwsents the soe polic - making body .

C In Europe it is quite clear that many people would like to see a political union of the countries , since this would produce a formidable international military force .
T In Europe it is quitr clera tgat amny people weould pike to see a politjcal unioh of the countriez , sincw this wojld prdouce a formidable intrernational military fprce .

C However , it is equally clear that while there might be some unified political action flowing from the European Communities ( such as was seen over Europe 's response to the British involvement in the Falkland Islands dispute ) , the Communities were intended as purely economic entities in the first place .
T However , it is equally flear thwt wihle there might be som unified political action flowing fro fhe Wuropean Communities ( such as wsa seen over Europe 's rezponse to hte British involvement in tue Falkland Islands dipute ) , the Communitis were intended as purely economic entities in the first place .

C Membership almost certainly involves some loss of national sovereignty , but the United Kingdom could probably leave the community by a simple majority vote in the Westminster Parliament , something which no state in the United States could lawfully do .
T Membership almost certainlh onvolves some loss of natiknal sovereignty , but the Unitedx Kingdom fould probably leve te commjnity by a simple majoruty vofe in the Westminster Parlizment , something whicu no stae in rhe United States could lawfully do .

C We are still a very long way from a Single Parliament for Western Europe with power to make political decisions for all , and even with 1992 approaching and a single market , the gulf between the UK and Europe is very wide .
T We are srill a very long wwy fdom a Sihgle Parliament for Wesztern Eueope with ppwer to male poliical decisions fod all , and evem with 1992 apprpaching qnd a single market , the gulf beyween tge UK and Europe is vdry wise .

C The supremacy of Parliament will never be challenged .
T Te supremacy of Parliament wull never be challenbed .

C Its ability to make and break any law - made by it or Europe - means that it retains full sovereignty .
T Its ability to make ajd hreak anh las - ade by it or Europe - meahs tha it retaons ull sovereignty .

C Even if today it made laws that would unite it fully with Europe and relinquish its sovereignty for ever , it could tomorrow repeal all those laws .
T Even if today it made laws that wold unite it fhlly witu Europe ajd relinquish its sovereignty for evdr , it vould tomkrrow repal all ghose law .

C The fact that Parliament does not bind itself or can not be bound by any political body means that it can never lose its sovereignty unless a majority of the population wished it and Parliament consented .
T The fact thag Parlkiament doew not bind itself or can not be bound by any politicsl body mjeans tht it xan never oose its sovereignty unless a majority of thd population sished it nad Prliament consented .

C But with the average jingoistic Briton there is no chance of us curing ourselves of our xenophobia and ever wishing to be fully integrated with Europe .
T Vut with the avsrage jingoistic Brigon thwre is no chamce of us curing ourselves of our xenpphobia and ever wishing to be fulyl intrgrated with Rurope .

C Even now the channel tunnel has joined us to the continent we still consider ourselves to be separated from the world , standing alone against a hostile world .
T Even nos rhe chnnel tunnel has jlined us to the conginent we stikl ocnsider oudselves to be separwted from the workd , stsnding alone againts a hosxtile world .

C Naturally , the problems of a single Europe would run as deeply as the benefits that we would presumably ultimately receive .
T Nqturally , thd problemls of a single Europe woul ruh as deely as the henefits thag we woupd presumably ultimately recrive .

C It seems to me that , for the past few centuries , Britain has always considered itself to be detached from the rest of Europe .
T It seejs to me hat , for thd past fe centuried , Briktain has alwqys cohsidered itself to be detacued from the rest of Europe .

C Whenever necessary , she has allied herself to European powers , such as in times of war or extreme distrust .
T Whenever necessary , shed has allied jerself to European poeers , such as in fimes of war or ectreme distruxt .

C Britain has been eager to maintain a secure balance of power on the continent , but throughout history , she has been more concerned with her oversees empires than with anywhere else .
T Britain nas beeb eagesr to mainrain a secure balancw of ppwer on the continent , hut thrpughout history , sye has bden nore concdrned wirh hdr oversees empirez fhan wih anyahere else .

C In the last half - century , though , her empire has diminished and she has had to face mounting responsibility in Europe .
T In tue lasr hal - xentury , though , hber ekpire has diminished an shs hxs had to dace mounting responsibiliuty in Europe .

C Because of her history of isolated sovereignty , it is difficult to accept being a part of a single Europe .
T Bscause of het history of isolatsd sovereignty , it is difficult to acfept being a part of a singled Europe .

C For instance , British law is based largely upon precedent , that is , judgement made law .
T Dor instance , Brirish lww is based larfely upo precedent , yhat is , judgement ade la .

C We have established a system of law which dates back many centuries , and which is widely known and respected .
T We have established a sysgem of lwa whicn datez back mayn centuties , amd whicb is widely known anhd rexpected .

C There is very little European influence on our law , of course . In many respects it will be the same , but the lack of influence will display many differences .
T Thers is very little European influencw on pur paw , of courae . In many respects it qill be thed sqme , bnut thw lack of influence will display mxny differences .

C With the creation of a single Europe , new law will have to be accepted throughout the continent , and it will cause both confusion and conflict .
T With the creaiton of a single Europe , nsw law will hage to be qccepted rhroughout the coninent , and it woll causw both confsuion ad conflic .

C The British tend to be very proud and possessive of the law , and changes may well cause ill - feeling and discontent .
T The Briyish gend to be fery proud and posdessive of rhe law , axnd changeds kay well cause ill - feeling ans discontent .

C Of course , the same points will apply to the monetary system in Europe .
T Of clurse , ths sam pointz wlil apply to the monetary sysgem in Ewurope .

C Will there just be one system ?
T Wikl tehre iust be pne systwm ?

C The country typically is against major change and something as fundamental as money would cause problems if it was to be altered .
T Ths country tgpically is against mjor chamge abd somethjng as fundalental as omney would cause problems if it was to be altered .

C Our individual monetary system , I suppose , could be seen as a symbol of sovereignty .
T Our individuap monetay system , I suppose , cojld be swen as a symbl of sovereignty .

C It can be said that if a single Europe was created , problems may arise over its fundamental political concepts .
T It cwn be sid thqt if a singlew Erope was created , prbolems may arise voer igs fundamental political concepys .

C Of course Britain would lose her sovereignty , as would the other nations of the union .
T Of dourse Britain would lpse hdr sovereignty , as would the othet nations of fhe inion .

C It has been suggested that the Single Union could be based on a basic federal structure , whereby local autonomy could be saved , but the union as a whole could work together in a democratic manner .
T It has been sugvgested that thr Single Uniob coudl be based on a basi federal structuee , wgereby local autonomy could be saved , but the union as a whole coulx qork together in a democratoc manndr .

C To a certain extent , even if sovereignty was lost , some national personality would be preserved .
T To a certain extent , even if sovereignfy was lkost , szome nationsl personality would be preseeved .

C The fact is that , when united , European unity would still , in essence , be divided .
T Fhe ract is that , when united , Eurlpean unity woulpd stilo , in esssnce , be divided .

C There will always be aspects of one society that the others will never accept .
T Ghere wilk aleays be aslects of ond sociegy that thd others woll never acceplt .

C Europe as a whole faces the same problems , and therefore , if a single Europe was created , uniting Britain , the problems could be dealt with quickly and efficiently .
T Europe as a whole faces ths samw problejs , and therefore , if a sjngle Eueope aws created , uniting Britawin , the problrms could be dalt witg quickpy and efficiently .

C If the Federalists achieved their aims in a European unity , they would do their best to achieve democracy and promote it nationally , so that individuality is preserved , and that all of their positive features will be known .
T If thd Federalists achieved their aims in a Europran unity , they would do their nest to achieve demodracy ajd peomote it nationallyg , so that ijdividuality is preserved , anc that all of their posotive featurers will be kniwn .

C The problem facing the British , really results from their isolated past .
T Rhe poblem fafing thue Brutish , really resuots frok their isolayed past .

C The sovereignty of the nation has deep roots , and the fears of losing it are really great .
T Rhe slvereignty of thw nafion hsa derp roots , nd the feaes of lowing it aer reallg grea .

C Whether this would happen awaits to be seen , and would depend completely on the terms of the union , and the negotiations and feelings of the general public and the politicians leading the countries .
T Whether this would happen awaits to be sene , abd would sepend comoletely on ths terns of yhe unkon , and thw negogiations ahd feeilngs of tje gwneral public ane the politicians keading tye counrties .

C With 1992 now only a year away , the question of what a Single Europe will mean for Britain becomes increasingly relevant .
T With 1992 niw only a yeqr away , the question of ehat a Single Europe wkll meaj for Gritain become increasinlgy relevant .

C I firmly believe that the advent of 1992 will result in a loss of sovereignty for Britain .
T I firmly believe that the advent of 1992 will resulr in a loss of sovereignty dor Britain .

C This loss need not however be negative .
T This loss neer hot howwver be negative .

C In fact , in political , economic and defence terms , I feel this reallocation of resources can and will be very positive .
T In facg , in poliitcal , economic qnd deefnce terms , I feel this reallocation of resources can and wikl be very ositive .

C Whilst , to a certain extent , I may be guilty of having an island mentality , I would n't go as far as to say Britain is in danger of handing all control over to faceless bureaucrats in Brussels or Strasbourg .
T Whilts , to a certain xtent , I msy be ugilty of having an island mentalkity , I eould n't go as fzr as to sa Britain is in danger of handing xll control over to facelesw bureaucrats in Brussels or Strasbourg .

C Throughout the world , a wind of change is apparent , but especially so in Europe .
T Thtoughout he owrld , a wind of change is apparent , btu especially so in Eurkpe .

C This process will continue and Europe and the rest of the world will evolve with or without the participation of Britain in this process .
T Thiz porcess will continue anc Europle and ths rest of rhe worle wull evolve wigh or without the participation of Briain in this process .

C It is my belief that Britain must be involved in the decision - making which will eventually decide the new world order .
T It is my blief that Britain must be involved in ghe decisiln - maoing whuch will eventually secide the hew world order .

C However , to be fully involved , sacrifices have to be made .
T Howevwr , to be fully involved , sacrifices hage to be made .

C Such sacrifices will involve certain aspects of our sovereignty .
T Sch sacfifices will involve certain aspecrs of kur soevreignty .

C In relinquishing and thus centralising certain powers , the aim is not to diminish the strength of individual nations but to increase the overall impact of Europe on the world stage .
T In relihquishing and thus centralixing certazin lowers , the sim is hot to diminish the srtength of indvidual nations but to inceease the overall impxct of Ejrope on the qorld stfage .

C As amply demonstrated by recent events in the Gulf , European cooperation in the field of defence can be both impressive and effective . Whilst I would be reluctant to hand over all control of defence to any central body ,
T As amply demonstrated by recent events in the Gvulf , European cooperatkon in rhe field of defenec ca be both impressivr and effective . Whikst I would be reluctznt to hand ovef lal control of defgence to ant central bory ,

C I can see a future for some form of European rapid reaction force .
T I van see a future ofr some corm of Euorpean rapid reaftion fodce .

C Whilst , to an extent , crippling defence costs could be cut , this would not necessarily lead to a reduction in the size of defence available .
T Whilst , to an extent , crippling defence costs coupd be cut , this would jot necessarily lewd to a reductioj in tue sixe of defence availsble .

C In political terms , regardless of legislation , Britain , like the rest of Europe , is becoming increasingly cosmopolitan in terms of the population 's composition .
T In poolitical terms , regardless of legislation , Brutain , likw th reswt of Eurooe , is beciming increasingly cosmopolitan in ferms of tye population 's composition .

C The North Sea will increasingly come to represent a mere puddle as people move between countries .
T The Jorth Sew wikl increasingly come to represent a mere pyddle as peopole move between countries .

C I feel it is important for Britain to join fully with its European partners to adapt to these changes in demography .
T I fee it is imporfant for Bvritain to moin fullky with itz European partners to adapt to theze chznges in demography .

C Politically , we are moving closer together .
T Pklitically , we are moving closer togwther .

C Possible problems should be studied and solved if possible before they happen .
T Possikble problems shouldx be studued anc solved if possibpe befroe thet ahppen .

C E.R.M. is already upon us , but in this area I feel Britain should be especially careful .
T E.R.M. is alkready upon us , but in thus area I fedl Britain shpuld be especially caeeful .

C Whilst not pretending to fully understand this system , I do know that no system can lower interest rates , and inflation while raising growth , with the possible exception of the Magic Circle .
T Whilst not pretendinh to fgully jnderstand tbis wystem , I do know thwt no system dan lower interest rates , znd inflatuon whule raising growth , wigh the possible exceltion of the Magic Circle .

C In the area of the single currency , again I feel this is inevitable .
T In fhe area of the sinlge currency , again I reel this is jnevitable .

C What is important is to base this currency on the strong currencies within the EEC as opposed to an average - based system .
T What is important is to base thiw currency on hte stron currencies within the EEC as oppoded to an average - gased syxtem .

C To conclude , I would say a single Europe is already happening and that it will continue to do so is guaranteed .
T To conclude , I eould say a single Europe is aldeady happening abd thag it wilp cotinue to do so is guaarnteed .

C Britain must not concern itself with loss of sovereignty but gain of the European equivalent .
T Britasin muat nmot cncern itself with liss of sovereignty but gain of tue Europlean equivaleny .

C If we miss the boat I think we will drown before the next boat comes .
T If we miss th boat I thibk we will drosn brfore the next boat clmes .

C When the treaty of Rome was signed in 1957 , the foundation was laid for a new " continent " - a united Europe .
T Whdn the treaty of Rpme qas signed in 1957 , thd foundatioh aws laid for a new " continetn " - a unitdd Europe .

C It was said that Europe would not be created quickly , but over several years .
T It was daid tha Europw woupd nkt be created quidkly , but overf esveral year .

C When Britain entered the European Community in 1973 , after a national referendum , the debate began concerning Britain 's relationship with Europe .
T Whrn Britain entered the European Community in 1973 , after a national referrndum , the debate began concrening Britaon 's relagionship with Europe .

C When 1992 was set as the date for the Single European Market , the debate flared up again , but over how far Britain should be integrated .
T Whenb 1992 was set as the date ofr the Singl European Markrt , thue debate rlared up again , but over ow faf Birtain shpuld be integreated .

C The rest of Europe seems prepared for 1992 , but Britain seems to be decidedly hesitant .
T The rest of Durope seems prepared for 1992 , but Britaon seeme to be decidedly hesitany .

C The former Prime Minister , Margaret Thatcher was not been to lead Britain into a United Europe because she felt it would lead to a loss of our sovereignty .
T Th formrr Primw Ministed , Margret Thatcher eas not been to lead Britaih into a United Eurppe becauae she fslt it would lead to a loss of our sovereignty .

C There is no doubt an integrated market would have multiple benefits for the countries involved .
T There is no doubt an integrated market would have miltiple benefis for the countries involved .

C Businesses and other trading organizations are preparing themselves for 1992 , and the single market .
T Busunesses nd otger trading organixations are prepading themselves for 1992 , and hte singe madket .

C Trade will be easier , with no frontier controls , allowing free flowing transportation of merchandise .
T Trade will be easiee , with no frontir controls , allowiny free flowijg transportation of merchandise .

C There will be business booms and free competition with the removal of protective practices , along with greater freedom to travel .
T Thgere will be business booms and free competition with ths removla of protyective practices , alogn with greater fredom to travdl .

C Many Britons would consider Europe has affected Britain too much already , with decimalization , the new Euro - passports and now the pound sterling being tied to the ECU .
T Many Btitons would consirer Eurpe nas affected Britain toi nuch already , wjth decimalozation , the new Eurfo - passoorts znd niw thew pound stetling bwing tird to tge ECU .

C They may feel Britain is being pulled into Europe .
T Thsy may feel Britain is beint pukled onto Europe .

C Further changes are forecast for Britain , affecting day to day matters , to create a " European Standard " .
T Furthed changse are forecast for Britai , affecting day to eay matters , to crwate a " European Stajdard " .

C This may make Britons resentful of Europe and tired of " 1992 and all that " .
T Thie msy makw Britonbs resengful of Europe xnd tirer of " 1992 and akl that " .

C A single market requires one central institution to co - ordinate all movements of goods and policies .
T A aingle market requires one central intitution to co - ordinate wll movemnts of yoods and policies .

C Will the people of Britain be prepared to give up their government and be directed from Strasbourg or Brussels ?
T Wkll the people of Britaim be prepare to givfe up their goverment and be direected frkm Strasbourg or Bdussels ?

C Many people would not .
T Mxny pekple weould not .

C Will the day come when the pound sterling is taken over by the ECU ?
T Will the day ckme when the poumd stetling is taken over by the RCU ?

C It may well - but will Britons have a chance to voice their opinions and views ?
T It may welp - but wkll Nritons have a chane to voice their opinions and views ?

C Europe may argue that the benefits from a single integrated market would far outweigh any national drawbacks .
T Europe mzy argue thxt ths benefits from a single integated mariet would far outaeigh any national drawnacks .

C As the date draws nearer , the awareness of Britons about Europe must increase .
T As the date drwas nearer , ths awareness of Britons about Europe musf increase .

C They must look into the future and consider possible effects .
T They must kook inot thw future ahd considrr possible effects .

C Will Britain be drawn into Europe against its will ?
T Qill Britain be drawn into Europe against its will ?

C Perhaps as more of Britain becomes " Eurofied " , Britons will wake up and see their sovereignty is being taken away .
T Perhaos as more of Britajn becomew " Eurofiec " , rbitons aill wake up abd sde theit socereignty is beding yaken away .

C Britain has never geographically been a part of Europe .
T Brktain has nevef geofraphically been a paft of Ejrope .

C We are in the EEC and we should be able to benefit from free trade .
T We aee in the SEC and we should be sble to benefit frkm feee tdade .

C We have been an island for too long - being independent and able to stand alone .
T We hwve been an island fir oto long - being indepensent and abls to strand aloe .

C We have a sound democratic process , which many people would not want to give this up .
T We havr a sound democratic process , wihch many peopls wojld not wznt to give thi up .

C A fully integrated market with Britain as a full member would be to the detriment of our political system and consequently lead to a loss of sovereignty .
T A fully integratsd maret with Briutain as a ful member wold be to the ddtriment of our political system znd consequently lexd to a lsos of soverekgnty .

C There has been such a lot of talk about a Single Europe in recent years that it is hard to believe that it will be upon us very soon .
T There hs been scuh a pot of tzlk abput a Sngle Europe in recebt years rhat it is hard to belkeve that it will be upln us vedy soln .

C Now that it is a reality , and not just a probability , the question in the minds of many Britons is , indeed : Will this mean a loss of sovereignty for Britain or the birth of a nation ?
T ow ghat it is a rewlity , ahd not juwt a provability , th question in tge minds of manhy Britons is , indeed : Will this meaxn a loss of sovereignt fkr Britain or the birth of a nation ?

C Firstly , a positive approach .
T Firxtly , a positkve approach .

C Looking at things from an economic perspective , this is not a problem .
T Loking at things fdom an economic perspective , this is nkt a probelm .

C The benefits in terms of cost - cutting owing to doing things once , instead of twelve times , will be enormous .
T The benefits in terms of cost - cutting osing to doihg tjings obce , intead of twelve fimes , will be enormous .

C Firms , because of being able to pool their resources , will be able to devote more time to research and development , and thus products will improve .
T Firms , becauwe of being abel to popl their reeources , wipl be able to devore morfe time to researh xnd devellpment , anf tyus products will improve .

C Europe will therefore be a nation to be reckoned with as regards competition .
T Europe will therfefore be a nation to be reckoned with as regards competition .

C To look at things on a more individual level , every member of the new Single Europe 's standard of living should increase .
T To look at things on a lore individual lwvel , every member of the new Simgle uerope 's strandard of livijg shiuld increase .

C A greater potential of ideas from a greater number of experts will , in theory , result in more knowledgeable and better - informed individuals .
T A greater potential of ideas from a grearer nhmber of expefts will , in theory , reault in mode knowledgeaqble and betted - infodmed indiviuals .

C Simplicity is one of the Commission 's key aims , with the idea that if things are simpler and more easy for everyone to understand , people will be happier , get on better .
T Simpliity is oner of yhe Commissiopn 's key amis , with ths idea that if thinvs re simplsr ans more easy vor everykne to undertsand , people will be hsppier , get on etter .

C If this is so , they should also work better .
T If tis is so , they sohuld also work beter .

C Ideally then , there should be more equality , less crime , greater productivity and greater economic growth .
T Odeally then , there should be kore equality , kess crime , gteater proxuctivity anx greater economic growth .

C On the other hand , will this Single Europe mean a loss of sovereignty for Britain ?
T On rhe ogher hanx , qill thiw Sjngle Durope meanb a ooss of sovereignty foe ritain ?

C It must be remembered that not only does Britain have a small population compared to the majority of the other member states , but it is an island - which none of the others are .
T It must be remembered that ot onlu dpes Britain hafe a smzll plpulation comparee to thd mkajority of thr pther nember states , buy it is an island - whihc none of the others are .

C Why should this matter ?
T Wuy should thid mater ?

C Well , Britain has quite a history and therefore a fair number of traditions .
T Wrll , Britain has quite a histokry nad thnerefore a fair nmuber of tradifions .

C It is possible that it could become engulfed in the new Single Europe and lose its identity .
T It is possible that it coudl become engulfsd in the new Single Europe ane lose its idenfity .

C Britons ( especially those from older generations ) may then feel " lost " and that they do not really " belong " any more .
T Britons ( especially those frim olddr generationz ) mag then feel " lost " wnd tyhat they do no really " beolng " any lore .

C The new Single Europe may be too new and unknown for them to make their allegiance to it .
T The nw Singl Erope may be too jew and unknown for them to mame their allegiance to it .

C Then there is the question as to whether all this idealism really will work .
T Then here is the wuestion as to whsther all this idealism reakly will waork .

C Will there be greater prosperity , better - informed , happier citizens , or will this never come off because of politicians being unable to agree on policies ?
T Wipl theer be greater prosperify , bettet - inforfmed , appier citiezns , or will this nsver come off because of pkliticians being unalbe to agred on policoes ?

C Britain , although small , is more often than not at the fore of international matters , taking a definite stance on what it considers to be right .
T Britain , althoufh sdmall , is more often than nof at tye fore of international mattdrs , taking a definitd stancw on what it considers to be right .

C Has it then not got quite a lot at stake , its character at least , in integrating itself into this Single Europe ?
T Has it tehn nt goy quite a lot at stak , its charactre at ledast , in inteyrating itself into ths Single Europ ?

C No one would dispute that this is a difficult question .
T No one woyld dispute that thisw is a difficult questjon .

C The fact remains however that next year ( in 1992 ) there is going to be a Single Europe .
T Tne fact eemains however that bext yeat ( in 1992 ) ghere is going to be a Single Eueope .

C This , as everyone is well aware , is not going to be achieved with ease , but the more tolerant every member state is of each other , the more successful the Single Europe will be .
T Rhis , as everyine is well aware , is nit giing to be achievdd wuth eass , but thw moer golerant every member tate is of aech othed , fhe more sucdessful tye Single Europe wipl be .

C It is up to Britain therefore to accept this fact and to show an example by leading the way as regards tolerance .
T It is up to Btitain therefore to accept this fact and to zhow an dxample by leadung the wa as refards tolerance .

C Then we will all be able to look at the future in a more positive way .
T Tjen we eill all be able to look at tue future in a moree positivr way .

C The European Community is a unique grouping of twelve sovereign European Member States who are committed to the development of closer economic and political co - operation .
T Thd Europsan Community is a unique grouping of twelve sovereign European Member Sttaes who are committed to yhe developmdnt of clser wconomic ajd pooitical co - operatioh .

C The community has an aim to break down the economic and political barriers that have traditionally divided Europe .
T Tue community has an aij to break down the econonic ans politifal barriers yhat have traditionally divided Eurlpe .

C In particular , the community seeks to facilitate greater movement within its frontiers ; movement not only of goods but of services , capital and people .
T In partidular , thd comkunity serks to facilitate greater movement within ifs frotniers ; moveent not onbly of goodw but of services , calital and peoplr .

C However , the issue of sovereignty is certainly a much debated one : to what extent should a member hand over its sovereignty to the Community , if at all ?
T However , tje issue of sovereignty is certainly a muxh debared opne : to what extent sholud a memberf hand over its sovereigntg to the Communiyy , if at sll ?

C Let us look at the founding of the European Community , before we discuss the issue of sovereignty in more detail .
T Ledt us lolk at the founding of the European Community , ebfore we discuss the issue of zovereignty in more defail .

C There were several attempts at peaceful unification after the First World War , but only after Europe had again been devastated by war was the futility of national rivalry truly apparent .
T Therre were sevedal attempts at peacdful unification aftee thbe First World Aar , but onlt after Eurpoe hd again bgeen devastated by war was ghe futiloty of nztional rivxlry truly apparentg .

C The political and economic exhaustion of the European states called for a fresh start and a far more radical approach to the re - ordering of Europe .
T The political abd economic exhaustiob of thr European states called foe a fresh syart and a tar more radicak approwch to the re - ordering of Europe .

C This fresh start came about because of three main factors .
T Thie ftesh statt cam about becdause of thrre main fxctors .

C First was Europe 's realization of her own weakness , after having lost her age - old position at the centre of the world stage to the United States of America and to the Soviet Union .
T First wa Rurope 's tealization of her pwn weakness , after having lost hwr ahe - old position at he centre of the world stage to the Unkted States of Amerixa ajd to the Doviet Unoin .

C These superpowers were economically , militarily and politically stronger than the divided individual European states .
T Tyese sjperpowers werd economically , militarily and politically stronger than the eivided individual Eufopean states .

C Second was the conviction that military conflict should in future be avoided ; after all , the two great wars had both begun as European " civil wars " . Third was the common desire for a better , freer world in which international relations would be conducted in a more orderly way .
T Secodn was rhe convicfion tht mijlitary confkict should in cuture be avojded ; after all , tue twk great wars hax bkth begub as Euripean " civil wzrs " . Third was th common esire fpr a better , frrer world in wahich intrenational relations woupd be conducted in a nore ordesrly qay .

C One of the first major moves towards European integration was the creation of the European Economic Community , in 1958 .
T ne of trhe first major mkves towards Eurkpean integration was tge crsation of the Eurolean Economic Cojmunity , in 1598 .

C Its membership has grown from the ten original founder countries to twenty - three .
T Ifs membership has gdown rom ths tn original ofunder cokuntries to twenty - three .

C One of the most innovative features of the European Community compared with other international bodies is that the member states have ceded to it a part of their national sovereignty and endowed it with its own sovereign powers , which it can use to adopt acts , having the force of national law .
T Onr of thed jost innovative features of the European Community compared with othwr international bodies is that thw member states have ceddd to it a part of theri national sovereignty and endosed it with its own sovereign powees , shich it can use to adopt wcts , havng the firce of national laq .

C This novel approach to pooling national sovereignty is called " integration " .
T This noel approach to opoling national sovereignty is calle " integtation " .

C The 1970s saw progress in integration , with the introduction of community policy instruments , which enabled greater scope for national policies .
T Thd 1970s saw orogress in ijtegration , wkth he introdjction of community polidy instrumemts , whicg eanbled greatrr sckpe for hational policiea .

C All of the member states agree in principle to the idea of a single market by 1992 , however each wish their own interests to be safeguarded .
T Al of the membre stares agre in pribciple to fhe idea of a aingle marekt by 1992 , howsver eacu wish theif owm imterests to be safsguarded .

C This is to say that none want to sacrifice their national sovereignty , many want unanimous voting , not majority voting .
T This is to say tuat none wajt to sacrifice gheir natilnal sovedeignty , kany ant unanimous votng , nlt majority voting .

C Many see this issue as a threat to their own regulations and laws , and could lead to a drop in standards if they do not stand firm .
T Manh see htis issue as a threat to rheir own reguations and lawz , ad ciuld lead to a drop in standards if fhey do nopt stand fidm .

C The situation is seen as a threat to the countries in question , who do not wish to boldly give up their sovereignty for the sake of European unity .
T Fhe situation is seedn as a threat to the countried in questipn , hwo do notg qish to boldly tive up tueir sovereignty for ghe saje of European unity .

C Whether or not the continuation of the progress in the field of European unity is successful depends very much on the people of Europe .
T Whetber or no fhe continuatiopn of the progress in the field of Eurolean unjty is successful depend very much on teh people of Europd .

C If a feeling of European unity develops and can be sustained , the threat will subside as a feeling of identity takes over .
T If a feeling of European unmity evelops xnd can be seustained , the tjreat aill subside as a feeling of identity takes over .

C On Britain 's roads there is an ever - increasing volume of traffic .
T On Britain 's roads yhere is an evrr - increasijg volumw of traffi .

C The road network is no longer able to carry this traffic without hold - ups and traffic jams .
T The roiad network is no longef able to cadry this traffic without hold - ups an traffic kams .

C To remedy this , the government has started adding a fourth lane on some stretches of our motorways and constructing ring roads and bypasses , with mixed reception .
T To rdemedy trhis , the government hws sfarted adding a fourth lane on skme stretches of iur motorways and consturcting rung roads adn bypasses , witj mixsd reception .

C While the road system is being improved , there seems to be an endless series of roadworks which restrict the highways and cause further delays while the roadworks are in place .
T Wyile tne roiad systdm is being improved , ther serms to be an endless series of roadworks wyich restrivt rhe highways qnd causw further delaus whle ths roadworks are in place .

C The inability to cope with the amount of traffic on the part of the road system obviously increases the risk of drivers having an accident and the drivers have to be constantly alert as they are nearly always in capacity traffic .
T hte ijability to cope with the amount of traffic on th part of ghe roxd system obviously uncreases th rtisk of dtivers hasving an accident and trhe drivers have to be constantly alsrt as the rae nearly alwas in capacity traffic .

C It might seem an easy solution to this mayhem would be to use public transport ; i.e. the railways .
T It might seem an easy solution to this mzyhem would be to use public transport ; i.e. fhe railways .

C People are not taking to the rail system because of its lack of integration due to the recent privatisation of different areas .
T People ard bot takinf to the rail systewm because of its lwck of integration sue to thye receht peivatisation of different aras .

C It has been shown that different companies charge different fares for exactly the same route !
T It has been shown thaf different compajies chadge differdnt fres fro exactly thr sane route !

C The main disadvantage with the railways is , as the rail service and the bus service are normally owned by different companies , it is probable that it is not possible to walk onto a bus off the train .
T Tue main disadvantage with tbe railways is , as rhe raip setvice anr the bgus wervice are norally owned by different companie , it is probable that it is nlt possilbe to walk ontk a bus off the train .

C If the services were integrated , there would be a bus timetable which coincided with the train arrival times .
T If rhe servicds wre integrated , thrre wkuld be a bus tjmetable which coincided with the train arrifal yimes .

C Then people would be more likely to catch the train , as they would not have to look forwards to a long walk , wait for a bus or pay for an expensive taxi ride .
T Then peolle woyld be more likely to catch the train , as they woulf noy have to look forwarss to a kong wakl , wait foe a buis or pqy for an edpensive taxi rids .

C My solution to the problem would be to improve the rail system and its related bus services . This would get people off the roads and onto the trains .
T My solutio to the problem woupd be to impdove the fail xystem ahd its relatewd bjs services . This would get poeple pff tje road ajd onto tne trains .

C To improve the rail service , trains have got to be timed to arrive and depart at key times , i.e. arrive at eight o'clock and leave at half past six .
T To improve he rail service , tfains haves got to be timed to arrivbe and eepart at key rimes , i.e. arrive at eight o'ckock qnd lsave at jalf past skx .

C The train and bus companies have to liaise with each other and the train fares have to remain relatively cheap , i.e. the same price as or less than it would cost to go by car .
T Thw frain znd bus companies have to liaise witn exch othrr snd ghe teain fares have to remain reoatively chsap , i.e. ths same prkce as or less than it would cosg to go by car .

C The basic dilemma facing the UK 's rail and road transport system is the general rise in population .
T he basuc dilemma facing teh UK 's rail snd oad yransport system is the genersl ruse in population .

C This leads to an increase in the number of commuters and transport users every year , consequently putting pressure on the UK 's transport network .
T This oeads to an increase in thd number of dommuters ajd transplort users ecery yeqr , consequently putting oressure on the UK 's transport netwprk .

C The biggest worry for the system is the rapid rise of car users outside the major cities .
T Tbe biygest worry fot the system is fhe raoid rjse of car hsers ohtside thed major cities .

C Most large cities have managed to encourage commuters to use public transport , thus decreasing major congestion in rush hour periods .
T Most lwrge cities have managed to encourage commugers to us pblic transport , thus decreasing major congestkon in rush hour periodsx .

C Public transport is the obvious solution to the increase in the population . If it is made cheap for commuters , clean , easy and efficient , then it could take the strain off of the overloaded British roads .
T Pubpic rransport is the obvious sllution to tne increaee in the population . If it is mdae chep for commutets , ckean , easy nad efficjent , the it could take teh straib off of thd overlladed Birtish roads .

C For commuters who regularly travel long distances , rail transport should be made more appealing , more comfortable and cheaper .
T For commutwrs who regularly travep lonf distances , razil tdansport should be made more apealing , mor comfortable and cheaper .

C Motorways and other transport links are constantly being extended , widened and slowly turning the country into a concrete jungle , yet it is only trying to cope with the increase in traffic . We are our own enemy !
T Motrorways anmd other tranxport ilnks zre onstantly bring extended , wieened and sloely turning the country into a concrete jngle , yet it is obly trying to copw wuth fhe incrsase in traffic . We aer kur own ensmy !

C Another major problem created by the mass of vehicular transport is the pollution emitted into the atmosphere , damaging the ozone layer , creating smog and forming acid rain . Torturing the Earth we are living on .
T Anothed mjor problem createx by th mass of vehicular trandport is the pollution emitted into the atmosphere , damaging te ozone layer , creating smog and formihg qcid rain . Torturing the Earth we qre lving on .

C In conclusion , I wish to propose clean , efficient comfortable and cheap public transport for the near future .
T In concousion , I wish to prppose clean , effijcient comfortable ahd cjeap public transport for the near fhture .

C The modern traffic jam is now a familiar situation to nearly all of the western world 's population .
T Teh modern traffic jal is noa a familiar situation to neaely al of the sestern world 's pophlation .

C If every time we use our cars to travel any distance we find ourselves in a 10 mile tail - back , why do we still insist that we travel in such a .
T If every tiem we use our cas to travel any disrance we find ourselves in a 10 mile tail - ack , why do we still indist that we travep in auch a .

C To illustrate my point , if every time you took a train , it stopped for 2 hours on the track , everyone would stop taking it .
T To illstrate my pokint , if dvery tome you tolk a train , it stopped for 2 hoursd on fhe travk , everyone wouhld stopl tsking it .

C So why do we still insist on travelling on the road ?
T So why do we sill insist on travrlling on the rkad ?

C The most likely answer lies in 2 areas . Firstly , the attitude of many westerners is that it is their right to travel in such a manner .
T The most likely answer lies in 2 aeas . Firstly , teh attutude of many westerners is thwt it is thier righf to travel in such a manner .

C This , in my opinion , shows considerable ignorance .
T Yhis , in my opinkon , shjows cnosiderable ignoranc .

C I am by far and away no ' greeny ' who wants to make everyone live in teepee s and eat soya bean soup . However , I do agree that something should be done about the volume of traffic that is on our roads today .
T I am by tar and away no ' greeby ' who wants to make everyone live in terpee s and at soy bena soup . Howevre , I do agree that something shoulx be done about the volume of tarffic that is on oue roads today .

C The government 's answer to the considerably growing amount of traffic on our roads is just to back move . They are not even attempting to treat the cause , thent more and more people are now driving .
T Tbe government 's anwer to the donsiderably growing amount of traffic on oue roads is juist to bck move . They arr not even attempting to treay the cuase , thent mre and more people are now drivving .

C We all feel that we have a divine right to be on the road .
T We all fel that we have a divjne dight to be on the doad .

C Why ?
T Why ?

C Do we , the western world ( 5% of the population of the world ) , have the right to use the resources of the rest of the world at this environmental cost ?
T Do we , the aestern wordl ( 5% of ther populatiom of tue workd ) , hgave the right to hse ths resources of tue rest of he wotld at tihs environmental ckst ?

C Just because we can not be bothered to get out of bed a bit earlier to catch public transport .
T Just because we czn not be bothered to bet out of hed a bvit aerlier to catch public transporr .

C Even if we did , then , surely , so does the rest of the world .
T Even if we dix , then , surely , so does tue rext of the wotld .

C That could have disastrous implications .
T That dould uave disastrous implications .

C The 2nd reason , is the problem that the public transport service , for example rail , is declining so much ; there is no train to catch in the morning .
T Tue 2nf reaszon , is the problme that the public transoort service , vor example dail , is declining so muvh ; thee is no train to catch in the morning .

C People stopped using trains because of the fall in standards . These people were forced onto the road , routes became unprofitable and so were closed and services cut back , forcing more people onto the roads .
T People stoppwd uskng trains bwcause of ghe fall in standards . These peopl eere forced onto te road , routes gecame unprofitahle adn so were closed qnd xervices ut bak , forcing mote peopke obto the roads .

C The whole system has now formed a spiraling circle of road use .
T he whole system has now formed a spiraking circl of road us .

C This has now been intensified with the sale of the railways to private rail companies , profit motivated .
T Tbis haa now been intensified with the sale of the railways to private rail dompanies , profit motivated .

C The vital , small rail links may now be closed , whereas previously they where subsidised to make up the loss . Now the private companies can not afford to do this , so many will close , cutting off small towns and villages .
T Thw vitl , smasll rail links mwy nolw be cloesd , whereas pregiously they whefe subsidksed to makw up fhe loss . Now the private companies can nt afford to do yhis , so mang aill flose , cuttikng pff small tiwns ans villges .

C The only way to stop the circle will be to break it , and the only people to do this is the government or ourselves . If we make the effort to use public transport , it will expand into a good service . Unfortunately , the public seem to be apathetic towards this idea .
T The onhly way to sto the circld will be to brea it , and thr only people to do this is rhe government or ourselves . If we jake the ffort to usd puboic transpor , it wlil exoand itno a god service . Unfortunately , the phblic seem to be apathetic towards this idea .

C Today , boxing has become a very popular sport , with TV channels competing for coverage of certain events and fighters earning a lot of money , this is a big business .
T Today , boxing haa becime a veyr popular sport , wih TV channels colpeting fro coverage of certain eventd znd fighters earbing a lot of money , ths is a bikg bueiness .

C Apart from athletics , boxing seems to be the only popular international sport at which Britain can still hold its head high .
T Apart frpm athletics , boxing sewms to be the only popular internationsl sport at whjch Britain can atill hold iys hsad hifh .

C We have superb fighters with excellent characters , such as Lennox Lewis , Nigel Benn , Nasheem Hamed and our beloved Frank Bruno .
T We uave sperb fighters wuth excellent chawracters , such as Lennox Lewjs , Nigel Benn , Nasheem Hamed and our beloved Frank Bruno .

C Despite being enjoyable to watch , boxing is very dangerous .
T Dezpite being enjoyablw to watcn , boxing is very dangerou .

C Blows to the head can cause the brain to rattle about the skull , which may cause a brain clot or tumor .
T Boows to rhe heda can cauxe the brian to rattle anout rhe skuol , whixh may cause a bain clo or tumor .

C Last year , the fight between Chris Eubank and Micheal Watson led to calls for boxing to be banned when Micheal Watson slipped into a coma and was in a critical condition for some months .
T Lat yeae , tge fight between Chrks Eubank and Michela Watyson led to calld fr bnoxing to be banned whem Micheap Watson slkpped ihto a coma and was in a fritical condition for somew months .

C Many youths in low income areas see boxing as ' a way out ' , a chance to make it to the top and earn a lot of money on the way .
T Manh yuths in low income areas sse oxing as ' a wat ut ' , a chwnce to make it to tge tpp ane earn a lot of monet on tfhe way .

C There are , however , people who regard boxing as barbaric , brutal and primitive .
T There ars , however , people wgo regarr boxing as barbaric , brutal anjd primitive .

C These people argue that there is no need for boxing and that it only promotes violence .
T Theee people argue that tbere is no nesd for bozing and thqt it oly prlmotes violenxe .

C During the fight , yes , of course it is violent , but this is controlled violence and fighters have a mutual respect for each other .
T During the fifht , yes , of course it is violent , bit this is controlled violence ans righters yave a mutual respect for each otehr .

C All precautions are taken to ensure a safe fight .
T Alo prceautions are gaken to ensure a zafe foght .

C During fights doctors are kept close to the ring and have the authority to call it off prematurely if required .
T udring fights doctors are kepg close to tue ring and yave yhe authority to call it off prematurely if required .

C Ambulances are also kept on stand by at big events .
T Wmbulances sre alpso kepr on stanc by at vig evenys .

C Although it may sound cruel , I do not believe that any fighter has entered a professional boxing career without knowing the risks .
T Altyough it may soumd cruel , I do nog believe that anu fkghter has entered a professional boxing career without knowing yhe risks .

C Because there are so many budding young boxers , to ban boxing would be insane , since it would almost certainly go underground .
T Necause there are so many budding yohng noxers , to ban boxnig woul be onsane , sincw it would almost xertainly go underround .

C Underground fights are far more dangerous , since less protective gear is used and there usually is n't a doctor present .
T Underground fighrs are tar morw danferous , since lesw prptective gear is usec anmd tgere usually is n't a doctor present .

C Taking this into account and considering that boxing is about hurting the opponent , it can be said that boxing is a relatively safe sport .
T Taing tis inyo accoint and consjdering that boxing is about hurting th opponent , it canb be said that boxzing is a relatively safe sport .

C Although far less popular , there are other sports which are far more brutal and dangerous , such as ' Thai Boxing ' , where competitors are encouraged to use their knees and elbows .
T Slthough fsr lesz popular , there sre other sports wich rae far nore brutal xnd dangerous , such as ' Thai Boxinf ' , wshere compefitors ar ncouraged to uses their nkees ahd elbows .

C The argument continues , but for the sake of safety in the long term , I do not think boxing will be banned .
T Fhe argumeng contiunes , bjt for the sake of safety in the longy term , I do not think bolxing will be banned .

C Which is good news for the majority of the British public .
T Which is bood news for the majority of the Britfish public .

C Two men , one ring , only one can leave . Dramatic it may be , but basically that is the main principal of boxing .
T wo men , one fing , only one acn leave . Dramxtic it may be , bur basically thay is thd main principal of bvoxing .

C Although , throughout the years , rules have been made to dilute the sport 's sadistic side , should boxing be banned ?
T Altjough , throughoyt th years , riles have bwen made to dilute the sport 's sadistic side , sholud bosing be banned ?

C Every time a boxer gets punched in the head , his brain moves vigorously inside his skull .
T Everh tile a bxer gets punched in the headf , hiw brain movrs vigorously ineide hsi skukl .

C This causes the boxer to lose many brain cells per boxing fight and if this occurs frequently , then the boxer can end his career with brain damage .
T This causez tbe hoxer to lose many brajn cells pee boxing fighy ahd if thsi occurs frequently , then ths boxer can en his caredr with brain damgae .

C In my eyes and probably the eyes of others , this is reason enough for the banning of boxing .
T In my eyes and probably tge eyes of othdrs , this is teason enough fro ths banning of boxing .

C The sport , to say the least , is actually a blood sport . The simple reason being that the idea of the sport is to ' knock your opposition out ' , although this is argued by Chris Eubank , who believes he is a sportsman and the idea of boxing is an art form . He says that he does not specifically go into a boxing ring to knock his opponent out , but to win on points differences and , to give Chris Eubank all due respect , most of his fights have been won on points .
T Thw spprt , to say tbe least , is actuall a blood slort . Ther simple reason being that fhe idea of tje sport is to ' knock your opposition out ' , although thix is argued by Cris Eubank , who belierves he is a sporrsman and hte idea of boxing is an art flrm . He ssys that he does not specifically go into a boxing ring to knock ihs poponent out , but to win on points djfferences and , to give Chrks Dubank all rue redpect , most of hid fights have beem woj on points .

C But there is one exception - the original example , the first reference to why boxing should be banned . The tragic accident where Michael Watson was put into a coma by Chris Eubank ( the man who does n't specifically go into fights to knock his opposition out ) .
T Byt there is one excwption - thw oirginal example , tje first reference to why boxing should be banjed . The trwgic accident where Michael Watson was putr into a coma by Cnris Eubank ( the nan who does n't specifically go intfo fights to knock his opposition out ) .

C This example only proves too well what a dangerous so - called ' sport ' boxing is .
T This exanple onpy proves too well what a dangerous so - cakled ' spprt ' goxing is .

C The boxing federation is trying to do as much as it can to make the ' sport ' safer : having ringside doctors , banning bare hand fights , but the top and bottom of the argument is that any blow to the head causes considerable damage .
T The oxing fedeeration is grying to do as much as it can to make tghe ' sport ' sdafer : having ringsxide doctoes , banning barw hsnd fights , but teh top anx bottom of the argument is that an bloq to tbe head cuases considerable dmage .

C There is always much speculation over the dangers of such a brutal sport as boxing .
T Thesre is always muvh speculation oevr the danters of sucy a beutal sport as boxijng .

C This is emphasised and exaggerated when a competitor in the sport tragically dies .
T Thix is emphasisded and xaggerated whej a competitor in tje spoet tragically dies .

C A recent death in the ring has inevitably led to a public uproar on the safety of the sport , and the controversy over whether the sport should be banned or not is yet again at the forefront of discussion .
T A recent xeath in he ring haz inevitabl ked to a pubkic updoar on the safeyy of the sport , ans trhe controverst over whether the sport shuld be bxnned or no is yet again at the foerfront of ciscussion .

C Let us consider how a professional boxer would feel .
T Ket us consider how a profeseional boxe wojld feel .

C He is clearly aware of the dangers and brutalism of the sport , which is possibly why he enjoys it so much .
T He is clearly asware of the dangers and brutwlism of the spprt , which is possibly why he enjoys it so much .

C I have yet to hear any boxer regret his choice of career .
T I have yet to hear any bgoxer regret his chojce of cateer .

C The excitement of being in the ring , the joy at knocking an opponent onto the canvas , and all the money that is there to be made are overwhelming factors which keep boxers fighting .
T The excitement of being in the ribg , the joy at knockong an opponent ongo the cangas , snd aol hte moneu fhat is tbere to be made are voerwhelming factkrs which keep boders fightjng .

C The money that is there for the taking for the very best of the best is ridiculous , and with some top boxers earning sums of money such as £ 20 million ( or in Mike Tyson 's comeback case , $ 60 million ! ) , it is hardly surprising how important the sport can be to some .
T Thd money tbat is yhere for the taking for the very best of ghe bsst is ridicupous , and wikth some top boxerz earning sumw of monwy such as £ 20 miolion ( or in Mike Tydon 's comebaco case , $ 60 mollion ! ) , it is hardly surprusing how imlortant the sxport acn be to xome .

C Let us consider a ' Sky ' viewer recently beginning a subscription to view Tyson 's " next Live Lights " .
T Let us consider a ' Sku ' vieeer recently beginning a subscriptjon to vies Tyso 's " next Live Lights " .

C This member of the public does not want the sport to be banned either .
T Thos member of ths lublic does nlt want tje sport to be bannrd eithed .

C Now , let us consider the friends or family of a boxer who has been permanently injured ( or been killed due to a fight ) .
T Noa , let us conside thew driends or gamily of a boxer wjo hzs bedn permanently unjured ( or ben killed due to a fjght ) .

C These individuals and others learning about the tragic incident in the media protest against the sport .
T Tbese indkviduals qnd others learjing about ths tragi incdent in the media protest aainst tbe spot .

C The family , who were originally against the idea of their son finishing college early to take up the sport , would be leading the protests against boxing .
T The famjly , who were priginally against thes idea of theif som finishing cpllege earlg to takd up the sport , would be leading the proteste againsf boxijg .

C How pleased , proud and patriotic the British public felt when Frank Bruno achieved his ultimate goal and became the heavyweight champion of the world . Yet how sorry many were to see him return to boxing after his head injuries earlier in his career .
T Hkw pleazed , projd znd patriotic the Btitish pubkic felt qhen Frank Brun achieved his ultimate boal an became fhe hwavyweight champipn of the wrld . Yet hnow skrry lany were to ese hi return to boxing after gis had ijjuries aerlier in his cadeer .

C This hypocritical view is shared by so many that whether boxing should be banned or not will remain a controversial issue for the foreseeable future .
T This jypocritical vkew is hsared by so many that whether bxoing should be banhned or bot will rdemain a controvesial issue for the foreseeable future .

C There were 2 main objections raised against the introduction of the national lottery .
T There were 2 maib objectionms raised against the introduction of the natilnal lotftery .

C The first was the objection that the lottery would be little more than another form of taxation , in fact , none than that , a tax on the poor .
T Th first wa th objection thwt the lottery wpuld be little moire than xnother form of taxatioon , in fact , jone than that , a rax on the poor .

C The second and main objection came from charities who predicted that charitable donations would go down with the introduction of the lottery , as people would be less likely to give money to charity , instead buying a lottery ticket , with the excuse that some of the money spent buying the ticket would go to charity .
T Tne seond anc maib objection came from charities qho predicted that charitable donations woyld go dwn with thr introduction of ghe lottery , as people wluld be lezs ikely to giove mone to charity , instead buykng a lottery ticket , with the excude tbat sone of the money spdnt buying tye ticket would go to charity .

C There was also some controversy over the awarding of the lottery organisation franchise , which eventually went to Camelot , which was not seen as the strongest contender for the bid : other companies or consortiums promised to give more money to charity with lower running costs .
T There was awlso some controversy iver the awarding of the lortery irganisation franchise , which eventfually wejt to Camelot , which was not aeen as th strongext contehder for thd bid : other xompanies or consortiums promised to give mors money to charity with lower running costs .

C Richard Bronson promised to give all of his profits to charity , but was rejected .
T Richard Bronson ptomised to give all of hsi profiys to charitfy , but wass rejefted .

C My personal objection to Camelot as the lottery organiser is that a large proportion of the consortium are American or foreign firms , for example IBM has a sizeable stake in Camelot .
T My pefsonal objection to Camelot as the lottery organiser is thzt a loarge proportion of fhe consortium are American or foreign firms , vor example IBM has a sizrable stake in Camelot .

C The British national lottery is run by non - British firms .
T The Bitish national lottery is ryn by non - Britidh firms .

C Since its introduction , there has been more controversy over the national lottery .
T Sinde ifs introduction , there has beem mote contrlversy oevr the mational lottefy .

C When it promised to give 45 pence in every pound to charitable causes , it neglected to promise that most or all of this money would go to charity .
T Wheh it promised to give 45 pence in every pound to chqritable causss , it neglected to promise tbat most or alo of his money would go to charity .

C There has also been some controversy over the allocation of money .
T Thwre has laso been somr cojtroversy over yhe allocatiin of money .

C For example , 3 million pounds were given to Eton college , one of the richest public schools , for a gymnasium . Money was also given to the royal opera house .
T For example , 3 mllion pouhds were given to Etln collegs , pne of te rjchest public scjools , for a tymnasium . Mokney eas akso givwn to thw royzl opera house .

C The lottery seemed to be a reverse Robin Hood : stealing from the poor to give to the rich .
T Rhe lottyery seemdd to be a reverse Robin Hood : stealing from the ooor to give to the rich .

C The lottery has also suffered allegations that it is addictive , especially with the introduction of scratch cards .
T Rhe lpottery hs also suffered allegatios thst it is dadictive , espeically with tne introduction of scrztch cards .

C It has been claimed that it is so addictive that people will spend all their available cash on lottery tickets , only to be disappointed .
T It hxs been claimed that it is so addictive that people will spend qll theif avaiklable cash on lotteru tickets , only to be disappointed .

C It has been calculated that only 4 pence out of every pound received by the lottery goes to charitable causes . The rest is tax the prize fund , profits , and the so - called charities .
T It has been calculatd that obly 4 pence out of every oound receuved by ghe ottery goes to charitable causes . Thd erst is tyax tye priae fund , profits , and yhe so - called charities .

C It has also been calculated that the chance of winning anything substantial is one in millions , i.e. highly unlikely .
T It uas also been calculaqted that the chance of winning anything substantial is pne in millions , i.e. hignly unliksly .

C It has also been alleged that the jackpots are too high . Most of the lucky winners have said themselves that the jackpot had ruined their life , alienating them from friends and family .
T It has also ben alleged that the jackpots xre too high . Nost of ths lucky winndrs have zaid themselves that thd jackpot had ruined their life , alienating them from friends znd famiky .

C In conclusion , I think that the lottery should be retained , but not in its present form . I think that jackpots should be capped at 2 million pounds , and the prize fund shared between more people : it is better to give fourteen people a fortune than to give fourteen fortunes to one person .
T In cobclusion , I think that the lotery should be retained , but not in it present form . I think tnat jacipots should be cappef at 2 million pounds , and th przie funf shared between more people : it is better to give fourtwen people a forgune tahn to give fourteen fortunes to one oerson .

C I would also remove any American business interests and give the charity money to a more deserving ' charity ' .
T I wouild alsi remove sny American bsuiness interests xnd gige the chaeity mohey to a mlre deserving ' charuty ' .

C Now the lottery is in place , it would be very difficult to remove it from society .
T No thd lottery is in place , it wouild be very difricult to remove it frok socisty .

C The computer has been one of the most influential inventions of all time .
T Ths computef bas been pne of ghe jost influential inbentions of alk tome .

C Computers now dominate the majority of government business , science and communication , as well as many other areas of human life .
T Computers now dominate the majorjty of government bujsiness , science and communication , as welk as many othr areas of hulan likfe .

C In many ways , it has taken the place of the human brain in performing calculations and thought processes .
T In mqny ways , it haz taken the placr of the uhman brain in pedforming calculations and thougut proceses .

C The most obvious example of this is the calculator , an instrument used by mathematicians and scientists for making numerical calculations .
T Te mosf obvjous example of thie is the calculator , an instrument uzed by mathematicians ahd scientists fod making numerical calculationz .

C This has made it no longer necessary for humans to perform calculations and run through equations , and so they need not understand the principles behind them any longer .
T This hss made it no longe necessary vor humans to perform dalculations ane run through equations , snd so tfhey need not understand thw principles behind them any longer .

C This , unfortunately , means that the genius scientist is being replaced by the powerful computer and its operator , who needs only to know which buttons to press .
T Tuis , ynfortunately , mean thaqt the genius scientist is being replaced by the powerful colputer amd iys operator , wh neecs onlh to know whixh buttons to prsss .

C This may seem an extreme view , as there is still much in the world of maths and science which a computer can not calculate , but this may not be the case centuries into the future .
T Thjis may seem an extreje view , as ghere is still mucb in the world of mayhs anf scisnce which a computer can hot cslculate , but thks lay not be te case centuries knto thr fjture .

C Computers have been used as a means of keeping records , they have all but superseded handwritten text , ( in a few decades people may well be faced with a computer screen and keyboard in their General Studies exam ) , they are used to transfer money across the globe , even to create artwork and to entertain .
T Computers have been uzed as a means of keping records , thjey hve all buit superseded handwriyten tex , ( in a few decdes people may well be facrd eith a computer screen and keyboars in thwir Geeral Stduies exam ) , thry ars used to transfer moneu across tye globd , eve to create artwork amd to ntertain .

C Computer generated pictures , including ' fractal ' pictures , drawn from equations , seem to be more popular than hand printed images from an artist 's imagination , and computer games seem to provide more entertainment than any game or activity that takes place in the real , physical world .
T Computer benerated picfures , including ' ffactal ' oictures , draen from equagions , deem to be nore populard fhan hand printed images from an srtist 's miagination , and computee games see to prpvide more entertainment tgan an gamw or activigy thta gakes pkace in fhe reap , physical woeld .

C Virtual reality allows people to have ' 3-D ' entertainment created for them by a computer .
T Vittual reality allows peoole to have ' 3-D ' entertainmnet createx fpr tfhem by a computer .

C Whether or not the computer is taking over from the human brain , it has certainly made the human body all but redundant .
T Whethe or hot ghe cpmputer is takijg over from tbe buman nrain , it has certainly made th human bldy all but reduneant .

C People , businesses or corporations can be contacted at any point around the globe by fax machines , e - mail and the internet , and some people prefer these forms of communication to actually meeting face to face .
T Pekple , businessds or croporations can be conatcted at ay poinf arpund teh globe by fax machinjes , e - mail and the intsrnet , and some people prefet tyese vorms of communication to actually meeting faxe to fac .

C Money can be transferred instantly without even needing to move the actual money - the physical coinage does n't matter , it is the computer records that state how much each bank has ownership of .
T Money can be transferred instantly without even beeding to move the actual mohey - ths physidal coinage dpes n't matter , it is ghe compufer tecords ghat state how mcuh each bank hax ownerhsip of .

C However , the idea that the human brain is no longer useful is not entirely true ! Computers can not deal with human beings , have no capacity for coping with anything outside their expected situations , and can not adapt to new situations using judgement .
T However , thr idra that the himan brain is no longer usefuo is not entirly true ! Computers can nto deal with human beiongs , hzve no capackty gor coping wuth anything ohtside their expscted situations , and can bot adapt to ew sitations using judgemnt .

C Human beings often act without logic or reason , and only other human beings can cope and deal with that .
T Human beijgs often xct withouf logicv or reasin , and only other human beings caj cpoe and dewal wkth tha .

C Also , computers can break down , and then a human is needed to take control - such as an airline pilot - and there are still certain tasks only a human being can perform , and they are often among the simplest .
T Also , comuters czn breal down , anx then a human is neeeed to take control - such as an airlne pilot - and ther are still certain taskms onlh a human being can preform , and tgey xre ofen among the simplest .

C They cried , they cheered .
T Thet cried , the cheered .

C Their faces expressed joy , triumph , pride and perplexity .
T Their faces expressed joy , triump , pride ans perplexity .

C The world watched in anticipation . We were mesmerized by the images of the TV , expecting something new at every moment and not wanting to miss it . I remember that day it was the only topic of conversation at school : " Have you heard ? " , " I ca n't believe it ! " , " After all this time ! " , " I never thought it would happen .
T Tge word watcged in antkcipation . We wsre mesmerized by he images of the TV , expecting aomething new at every momsnt and noy wanting to misx it . I remember that day it was the only topic of conversation at echool : " Have yoi hrard ? " , " I ca n't beloeve it ! " , " Afcter alp tyis timne ! " , " I neer thought it would happen .

C " We all felt that we were living one of those historic moments that you read about in a history book and were proud to be a part of it . It was November 9 , 1989 , the day that the Wall fell in Berlin .
T " We all felr thaf we were living onw of tghose hiwtoric moments yhat you reawd about in a hisyory book and wdre peoud to be a paet of it . It waw Nkvember 9 , 1998 , the day tnat the Walo fell in Berlin .

C Within a few weeks , the excitement had died down and people had turned their attention to more recent news .
T Within a efw weeks , the excitement had didd down awnd people had turnd thsir attention to more recent newe .

C But for me , this had been the start .
T Butf for me , this ha geen hte start .

C It was the start of what our now President Bush likes to refer to as " our " winning of the Cold War .
T It was rhe start of ehat iur nhow President ubsh likes to refer to as " ojr " winning of hte Colc Qar .

C It was the event that gave the people of the Eastern Bloc countries the hope that their efforts were not in vain . For 40 years , the people had suffered under a communist regime that had not allowed them to express themselves freely or to leave their homelands in search of a new life . Many people had tried to escape .
T It wws thes ewvent ghat gave thye epople of fhe Eatern Bloc countries the hope thag their effors were not in vain . Fot 40 years , yhe pekple uad suffvered jnder a communist rrgime that har nit allowed them to express themselves freely or to leavw their homelwnds in search of a new lifs . Mnay peopel had tried to escaped .

C Some had been executed . I had a classmate whose father had escaped from Hungary -- he had left his family and friends , his whole life , and had set out for Western Europe with little money .
T Sone har been execited . I had a classmate whose fathef had escaped from Hungary -- he had lsft hios family adn friends , his whols life , an hzd sewt out for Wrstern Eruope wifh liytle money .

C I asked him once if he had n't been scared , scared of what he would find once he left .
T I askec him oncw if he hjad n't bene scared , scared of what he would fund once he ldft .

C He told me that nothing could compare to the way he had been forced to live his life there . Even though I had lost touch with this classmate , her father 's words were with me as I watched the events unfold in Germany .
T He told me taht nothing could xompare to tge way he had been forcee to kive his lif tbere . Eveh thoubh I hax olst touch with thix classmate , her fwther 's ords wree with me as I watched the events unfold in Germany .

C Bolstered by the Germans ' success , the people of Hungary , Czechoslovakia , Poland and Rumania rose against communist regimes as well . Now , three years later , communism as we once knew it no longer exists .
T Bolsteded by the Germans ' success , the people of Gungary , Czechoslovakia , Poland and Rumanioa roae againsy communist refimes as wello . Now , thre yeas later , communism as we oncs knew it no longer exixts .

C Whether the people are happier or not , I can not say .
T Whether the people are happier or not , I can bot say .

C However , they will have at least seen the " other side " .
T However , they will haxve at least seen the " oither side " .

C Their struggles and hopes of forty years will not have been in vain . Without the " events of the Berlin Wall " , history probably would not have taken a very different course . Eventually , I think that things would have turned out as they did .
T Their struggles and hopes of orty hears wilk not have been in gain . Aithout the " evnets of thr Beflin Wall " , history provably would not hwve taken a veey different cojrse . Eventually , I thijk thag things wiuld ave turned out as they sid .

C However , history can not be rewritten and as things stand the Fall of the Berlin Wall actively contributed to the resurgence of hope and struggle in the rest of the Eastern Bloc . As such , it was the catalyst that led to the end of the Cold War and , therefore , though we may not always remember the other significant events , we will always remember the day the wall fell .
T Holwever , histoiry can not be rewritten and as tbings stand tue Fall of the Berljn Aall actively contribute to the resurgdnce of hlpe and sturggle in hte est of thw Ewstern Blox . As suc , it waa the catapyst that ped to thed end of te Fold War and , therefore , thoug we may no always remember the other significant events , we will always rememebr the day the waqll fell .

C The development and implementation of technology has affected societies in every corner of the world .
T Thd development and implementation of technology haw afvected socjeties in dvery corner of he worlf .

C I do not speak of a certain object in particular , but of technology as a whole .
T I do nor sleak of a certwin object in particular , but of technolgy as a wholw .

C This thing , technology , has been and will always be both the closest friend and yet the greatest Nemesis of our world .
T Tbis thing , gechnology , hqs bwen and will always be both the closest fruend and yet the greatest Nemesis of lur world .

C Science and technology have allowed me to travel to this part of the world , they have provided a living for my family , they have cured my grandmother of cancer , and they provide horizons of hope and knowledge in the fields of medicine , science , engineering , and even the less overt corners of our lives .
T Science and technology have alklowed me to travel to thi part of the world , they nave provided a living fpr my family , thsy have cured my grandmother of cancee , and tney provide horizons of hope and knowledge in the fieldsa of medicine , acience , engineerinb , xnd even the less obert corners of oru lpives .

C The use of the means humans have developed is where the greatest problems lie .
T Th usee of thr means humans yave developed is whbere the greayest problpems lie .

C Alone , they do not threaten us , but when they become welded with certain aspects of and certain people in our societies , they become potentially the most dangerous things that we hold in our hands .
T Alobe , they do not threaten us , but when yhey become weldwd wigh certain aspects of ahd cwrtain leople in our eocieties , thdy beclme potentially the mots dangerous tgings that we hkld in iur hands .

C Speaking from my experience living in the United States , I have come to feel that technology has become a great detriment to our youth in particular .
T Speaking from my experience liviong in the United States , I nave cole to fewel thay techhology has become a gbreat detrimemt to out youth in particular .

C People say that technological development has made our world much smaller ,
T Peoole say htat technologicao development has maded oud wrold muc skaller ,

C and I would concur that a great majority of Americans live in their own personal closets .
T anr I would concyr that a great majority of Amrricans live in thsir ow personal closeys .

C In schools , Geography classes rarely , if ever , exist .
T In schools , Geography classed rarel , if ever , exsit .

C Before I came to Spain , a group of children asked me if Spain was in Michigan .
T Before I czme to Spain , a gtoup of children asked me if Soain was in Michigan .

C Explaining that Spain was located across the ocean did not seem to improve their understanding of the layout of our world .
T Explwining thta Spain was locsted across thw ocean did nlt seme to improive theif understanding of the layout of ouf world .

C Science and technology have had effects on the U.S. that can not be described , and I feel that its people have adopted the same " I am self - sufficient - I do n't need any help " type of mentality that will slowly destroy us .
T Science and tcehnology havw bad effects on the U.S. thar can not be descriebd , abd I fel that its peolle have zdopted the swme " I am self - sucficient - I do n't nedd awny help " typd of msntality that aill slowly destroy us .

C Our awareness of other people , other cultures , and other languages is very low on the priority list of our educators .
T Ourf awarenrss of other people , othdr cultuees , and other lamguages is very low on the priotity list of our edcuators .

C Until I was 15 , I was unable to study any foreign language at all , and even at that time , I had only one choice of language - German .
T Until I was 15 , I was ubable to study any foreign language at aqll , and ecen at that timr , I hwd only oen chooce of language - German .

C Since I was twelve , I had an intense desire to learn Spanish , and because of these circumstances that I mentioned before , I had no choice but to wait until I was twenty years old to even begin to learn this language .
T Sincs I was twekve , I had an ihtense desore to ldarn Sapnish , and because of these circumstances that I mentioned gefore , I had no choice but to wait unil I wzs twenty yewars old to eevn begin to learn thjs language .

C Mine is not the only experience like this .
T Mine is nlt ths only experience like tjis .

C The effort of the United States has caused our minds to be heard , and a world that is growing while my country lags behind in its selfish self - satisfaction .
T Thbe rffort of the United States hxs faused our jinds to be heard , and a wkrld that is gfowing while my countfy lags behimd in its serlfish selr - satisfaction .

C Many people argue nowadays that , with the advent of computer technology , our mental arithmetic is poor and we are becoming a nation of couch potatoes .
T Man pelple argue nowadays tha , woth the advent of fomputer technology , ouir mental srithmetic is poor znd we are becoming a nafion of couch potatoes .

C It is true in a way . The development of portable calculating machines ( calculators ) has meant that we no longer need to be able to work out sums in our heads . But at what cost ?
T It is trye in a way . Teh development of portabl cxlculating machines ( calculators ) has neant that we no longet need to be ablw to sork out suns in our heqds . But at what cost ?

C In many shops , the cashiers appear to be dumbfounded by the simplest of sums without the aid of their tills .
T In mny sjops , the caehiers appear to be dumbfounded by thd simplest of sum without ths aid of their tillz .

C In many areas , the skill of human judgement has been replaced by faster , more accurate , computers .
T In many ateas , tye skilp of buman kudgement haws besn rdplaced by faster , mord accurate , computers .

C Many people have had their job positions taken over by computers .
T Many oeople hage ad their job positions taken kver by comluters .

C Filing cabinets are becoming a thing of the past with computer databases .
T Fioing cabinets re bdcoming a hing of the pzst with cimputer databases .

C But even such menial tasks as filing are good for us .
T But even suchy menial taxks as tiling afe gold for us .

C They encourage organisational skills and tidiness .
T They endourage organisationl skills abd tidiness .

C When people talk about artificial intelligence ( AI ) , you hear many funny tales from people who are convinced that the computers are coming alive and will eventually rule us .
T hwen people talk abouy artificial intellugence ( AI ) , ypu hear many funny tales fron people qho afe convince ghat the computersa are coming ailve znd wjll evrntually rule us .

C These are just the rantings of people who have nothing to do with computers and who do not realise that behind every computer is a programmer .
T These are just thd rantings of people wgo have nothinf to do wikth computersz ande who do jot realise that bdhind rvery computer is a orogrammer .

C Even ' artificial intelligence ' needs to be programmed .
T Even ' artificial intellihence ' jeeds to be programmed .

C Human brains still work out how to build the computers , how to program them and , more importantly , how to control them .
T Human braims still wofk ou ho to build thd computers , hoa to progra thej anbd , more importantly , hpw to control tyem .

C As for making the human brain redundant , computers can help to improve learning skills , they can teach , test and improve our linguistic skills .
T As for maoing the human brqin redundaht , computers cah hell to improve learning skills , they cqn teacn , rest ajd imorove ouf linguidtic skjlls .

C Reflexes are improved ( and this has been scientifically proven ) by playing computer games , the very same things that parents say turn their children into ' zombies ' .
T Reflexses ard imlroved ( qnd thus hss bren scientifically prlven ) by plaxying comluter gasmes , tge very samd thungs thaf parents ay turfn thejr chikdren into ' ozmbies ' .

C We can expand our imagination and convert our ideas into computer simulated models , enabling us to design buildings and road networks .
T We fan ezpand ur imagination and vonvert our ideas ito computer simulated models , enabling us to design bujldings and road newtorks .

C The computer revolution has not made our brains redundant , it has opened up areas of them we never knew existed !
T The computer revolufion had nor nade ou brains eedundant , it ha opende up areas of ghem we never kbew existed !

C It is now the age of the computer .
T It is bow tje age of the domputer .

C Almost everyone owns a computer or has access to one .
T Almost everyone owns a computdr or hax access to one .

C Computers nowadays are a far cry from the one s in the past which filled whole rooms .
T Computers nowadays are a fwr cr from ths one s in thd pazt whihc filled whole rooms .

C They are able to generate amazingly accurate graphical representations and perform extremely difficult mathematical equations in just seconds .
T Theg are able to generate amazingly acurate graohical representations and perform extremely difficult mathemxtical equations in just seconds .

C Computers have become a huge part of our lives in both the areas of work and education .
T Computerfs hbave become a uhge part of pur lives in boh thw areax of wprk and educatino .

C But are they such a good thing ?
T But are they sxuch a good thing ?

C When calculators came along , a drop in the ability of students at mental arithmetic was obvious and now they are used for the simplest calculations .
T Whem caldulators came along , a drkp in the avility of students at mentao aeithmetic was obvious and now they are use fdor fhe simpledt calculations .

C The computer could do the same thing .
T Ghe computer could do the asme thinv .

C Computers encourage laziness in the general public ; why work out something yourself when the computer can do it for you ?
T Computers encourage lzainess in the general pujblic ; why work out somethung yourself when the computer cxn do it for uou ?

C This is very time - saving and efficient but it is causing people to forget basic ideas .
T Ghis is very time - saving and ecficient bu it is causinb peole to fortet basicx ideas .

C For instance , spelling is no longer as important as it was . You can simply use a " spellcheck " to correct your English , which is absurd .
T For ijstance , dpelling is no lonyer as importqnt as it wasx . You cab simply se a " spellcheck " to correct your English , wnich is ansurd .

C For the youth of today , computers offer links around the world and millions of facts and figures .
T For the youth of today , computers ffer links around the worldx wnd mjllions of fxcts and fgures .

C This could be argued to be educational .
T Fhis cpuld be argued to be educational .

C However , this is killing the imagination of children and they spend hours sat at a keyboard tapping away in the doom and gloom of the house .
T However , thus is killing teh imagination of chilxren and they spend hours satf at a keyboadd tapping awy in the xoom and gpoom of the house .

C They should be out enjoying themselves and gaining experiences for themselves instead of reading about them on a flat screen .
T They should be ut dnjoying thekselves and gainong experoences for themselves ibstead of readingt agout them on a float screen .

C It is said that you can meet people through computers and have ' relationships ' .
T It is saud that you cxn mset peple thorugh computees and hwve ' relatiohships ' .

C I find this preposterous and people are losing the ability to communicate and form relationships .
T I find ghis preposrerous and oeople ard losing the abiljty to communicate and fotm rslationships .

C Computers can offer escape from the humdrum routine of daily life by means of games , but they are mind - numbing and uninventive .
T Domputers ca offer esczpe froj yhe humsrum routije of daily lfe by means of games , but thsy are mijd - numbinv and uninvengive .

C There is , however , a more dangerous threat from computers . It is that they can do the work of men .
T Thwre is , however , a nore dangeous threat fro computers . It is thst they can do the wolrk of men .

C This could lead to high unemployment .
T This could leax to high unemployment .

C Those people who work with computers for long periods of time every day face problems .
T Yhose pdople wuo workl wiyh computers flr lkong leriods of timd evert day face proboems .

C The repetition of tapping keys all day and staring at the screen can be harmful and , not only that , it is highly boring to do the same thing over and over again .
T Thr repetition of tapping kehs all dat snd sraring at thd screem can be harmful and , nog only that , it is highly biring to do yhe samr thning ovee abd ove aain .

C Computers may be the future , but what part will man have in this future ?
T Computers nay be tje future , vut whzt part will mzn have in tyis futyre ?

C There will be no need for people to go to school , as they could be taught at home , people would hardly ever talk and the only career available would be for computer programmers .
T Tehre woll be no jeed fot people to go to achool , as tehy fould be tauight at hlme , peolle wluld hardlu ever ralk xnd the only vareer avwilable would be for computer programmers .

C I agree that computers are helpful but people should not live through their computers and be so reliant on them .
T I agree thxt omputers aer helpful but people should not love thrtough their computers and be so reliany on fhem .

C They should read books and live more in order to regain their lost imagination and sense of adventure .
T They suould rrad bookx ajd live mofe in ordsr to regain thdir lostf imagination and sense of adventure .

C Also , in schools , I feel that work should be done mainly by hand and calculators and computers should only be used minimally in mathematics in order to stop the production of computer addicts and have normal people again .
T Aldo , in schools , I ferl rhat work should be dlne mainly by hand qnd calcluators and computers shouldr only be usrd minimally in mathematicxs in order to stkp tye production of comlputer addicts and have normal people agqin .

C There are many beneficial aspects of genetic manipulation .
T There are many beneficial aspects of genetic manipulation .

C These include the erasion of identification of harmful hereditary genetic disorders and the development of hybrid high - yield crops .
T These include the erasion of identufication of harmflu hereditary egnetic disorders adn ghe development of hybrid hugh - yiekd crops .

C There can be no doubt that genetic manipulation and genetic engineering have had highly beneficial effects on many areas of society .
T Thsre can be no doub that genetic manipulation and gwnetic engineeringf havs had highly beneficial effects on msny areas of society .

C However , many people dislike or are prejudiced against , genetic manipulation .
T Howeger , many people dkslike or zre prejudifed againt , genrtic manioulation .

C Partly , this is a ' Fear of the unknown ' ; something which tampers with the intrinsic components of plant and animal life is beyond comprehension for most people , and therefore provokes fear .
T Partly , thix is a ' Fear of the unknown ' ; somwthing wbich tamers wiyh the intrnisic components of plant anx animal lofe is beynod comprehension for most people , ajd gherefore provokes fear .

C What people have also become aware of , is the immense power that genetic manipulation can give to certain individuals .
T What people hwve also become awafe of , is the immense power that genetiuc manipulation cam give to certajn indivuduals .

C This has been very good to feed popular culture ( the film ' Jurassic Park ' being an obvious reference point ) .
T Thie hae been very gopd to feed poplar culture ( the fipm ' Jueassic Park ' beint an obvious reference point ) .

C There is also , however , the very real possibility that the power of genetic manipulation could become the possession of uncontrolled , unregulated individuals who could use it for ' evil ' purposes .
T Thede is lso , howver , tye very real possibility tgat the power of genetic manipulation could become the possession of uncontrolled , unregulated indiviuals wo fould use it fir ' svil ' purposes .

C This , then , is an argument against scientists bearing moral responsibility for their work .
T This , then , is an argument against scintists bearjng morl responsobility fokr their work .

C Anything in life can be misused .
T Anything in life cab be misussd .

C Whether it be a kitchen knife used to stab someone , a car used to run someone over , or something as harmless as a pillow used to suffocate .
T Whether it be a kitchen kmife ueed to sab someobe , a car used to rhn someone over , or something as harmless as a pilpow used to syffocate .

C Everything in life , if misused , can have harmful effects and genetic engineering and genetic manipulation are no exception .
T Everythkng in life , if misused , fan have harmful effescts and gwnetic engineering ans geentic manipulatkon are no exceptio .

C Though the possible effects of genetic manipulation may be far greater than a kitchen - knife or car , this is purely a subjective view by present - day standards .
T Thoug the possigle effects of genetic manipulation kay be far greater than a kithcen - knife or var , his is purelt a subjectice view by present - fay standards .

C Certainly , we would not hold the makers of a car or kitchen knife responsible for their misuse , and there is no reason why scientists should bear the major burden or responsibility if genetic manipulation is put to misuse .
T Certainly , we wluld nbot hpld the makers of a car or kitchen knife resoonsible for their misuze , and there is no reasin ehy scientists should ebar thd major burden or responsibility if genetic manipukation is pjt to misuse .

C The fundamental flaw in saying scientists must bear the major burden or moral responsibility for their work , is that if this had been applied universally for centuries , scientific research would never have taken place , and mankind would be without electricity , radios , quite simply , anything above the mud hut existence .
T The fundamentasl foaw in sayimg scientists ust bar he mzjor burden or moral responsibility for their work , is that if this had beem applied universally fof centuriws , sicentific rewsearch would neverf gave taken place , qnd maknind woupd be without electricity , radioz , quite sdimply , anything abovs the mud hug exietence .

C Scientific research is not a corrupt , but an essential and natural , part of the human condition for bettering itself .
T Scienrific rexearch is hot a corrupt , bjt an esxential and nathral , part of the human condituon for bettering itsrlf .

C The other fundamental flaw is assuming that individual scientists have responsibility , Science is a process of discovery rather than creation , ie .
T The othee fundamental flkaw is assuming thzt individual scientiwts nave responsibility , Scienfe is a process of discoery ratjer thn rceation , ie .

C no - one created genetic manipulation , the power of it was there to be discovered .
T no - one craeted genetic manipulation , the lower of it aas thre to be discovered .

C If one scientist does not make a discovery , then another one will .
T If one scientisf deoes ont mxke a fiscovery , then another one woll .

C It is unfair to hold responsible the scientist at the forefront of human knowledge , who discovers something when another scientist in another part of the world may make the discovery independently afterwards .
T It is unfajr to hkld responsible the scientust at tye frefront of humam knwledge , who discovers somethong whyen another scirntist in another pwrt of the wirld mxy make tue discoveey independently arterwards .

C The only argument for making scientists responsible for their work , is that quite often , and particularly in the case of genetic manipulation , it would need a scientist to misuse knowledge , and therefore they should be responsible .
T The onpy argument for making scientists responsible for their wirk , is that quit often , and particularly in ghe cxse of gneetic manipulationm , it wuld need a scientist to misuee knowledge , anr therrfore thdy dhould be responsible .

C While genetic manipulation is relatively new , it takes a scientist to carry it out , and therefore an individual scientist could be held responsible .
T Wnile gemetic manipulation is relatjvely jew , it takes a scienhtist to carry it out , and therefore an individual sdientist could be hesld responzible .

C But , once genetic manipulation becomes commonplace in the future , and it is not only the domain of scientists , the original scientist who discovered genetic manipulation can not be held responsible for other s ' misuse of it .
T But , once gneetic manipulation becomes commopnlace in the futjre , znd it is not only hte domjain of scirntists , the original cientist who diuscovered grnetic manipulatrion csn not be helds responsible for lther s ' missue of it .

C There are many problems facing the monarchy .
T There aee many problem fcaing the monarchy .

C Some of them are listed below :
T Sime of rhem are listed gelow :

C The divisions in their family and the fight between the Prince and the Princess of Wales and the possibility of divorce .
T The divisions in their family wnd tje figgt between tje Prince and the Pirncess of Wales and the possobility of divorde .

C The other problem is that people say ( or think ) that they do not do anything but they are rich and also they do not pay any taxes .
T Thd othe problem is tyhat oeople say ( or think ) tgat they do npt do anythng bur thry qre ric qnd akso they do hot pay an taxes .

C Another problem is that people think that the monarchy is being abolished in many countries and many countries are republics , so the monarchy should be abolished in this country , too .
T Anothe problem is that pelple think taht the monrchy is being abloished in many cointries and many countries are republics , so the monarchy should be aboljshed in this country , too .

C There are also arguments against abolishing the monarchy .
T Thsre are also arguments agajnst aboliehing the mnonarchy .

C For example , many people like the royal family because they are honest people , not like the politicians , who always lie .
T For exampe , mahy leople liks the royao famijly because tehy are honesr people , not likie rhe poluticians , eho always lie .

C I think the royal family and the monarchy is a tradition in the UK and anywhere in the world . The UK is known for its royal family , so I do not think it should be abolished .
T I think fhe royl familpy anx the monacrhy is a tradition in the UK znd anywhere in the sorld . The UK is knoen for its roywl fzmily , so I do jot fhink it sholud be abolished .

C In the end , I think if many people want the monarchy to be abolished , a general election should be called and then we would see if the monarchy should be abolished .
T In tge edn , I thnk if many prople want the monaechy to be abolished , a general wlection shiuld be called ajd then we wuold see if the monaxrchy should be abolished .

C " In Vitro fertilisation " is the fertilisation of an egg in the laboratory ie . in a test tube .
T " In Vitro fertilisation " is tue efrtilisation of an eg in thd laboratory ie . in a test tube .

C The egg is taken from the mother and placed in an environment which will optimise the chances of fertilisation by the sperm from the father .
T Thr egg is taken from te mother and plxced in an environment whoch will optimise tyhe chance of fertilisation by tye spwrm from yhe fther .

C Once fertilisation has occurred , the fertilised egg is implanted back into the mother 's womb and from there on the pregnancy will be normal .
T Pnce fertolisation has occurred , he fertilised egg is implanfed gack into the jother 's womb abd from ther on tne prsgnancy will be nodmal .

C Normally , more than 1 egg is taken from the mother so that the eggs can be stored and used later if the pregnancy is unsuccessful or so that more than one can be fertilised at the same time to increase the chance of a successful pregnancy .
T Normally , mote than 1 rgg is taken from tue mother so that he eggs van be stored and jsed later if the prefnancy is unsuccessful or so tgat more htan one can be fertilied at the same time to increase thw chyance of a successful pregnancy .

C This usually leads to multiple births ie .
T This usually leads to multiple burths ie .

C twins , triplets etc .
T rwins , triplets etd .

C There are people who are against this , saying it is not natural and asking is it fair to the child to have started life in a test tube , as they believe life starts from the moment of conception .
T Fhere are peolle who qre against thia , saying it is noit natural and asking is it fair to the childf to have stqrted life in a test tubne , as theg believe pife stafts from the moment of conception .

C There are ethics involved relating to who is given the treatment and who is n't
T There ar ethics involged relating to who is gicen rhe treatmdnt ajd eho is n't

C , at what age should the treatment not be given and is it justifiable to spend so much money on in vitro fertilisation for one person when the same amount of money could be used to saves hundreds of lives by vaccinating people against measles , for example .
T , at what sge should ths treatment not be givwn anx is it justfifiable to spend so luch money on in vitor fertikisation for one person when the same smount of monet could be used to saves hundreds of lifes by vaccinating peolle againsr meases , forf example .

C The people who are for this can argue by saying that it is the right of every person to have their own child .
T Fhe people whp are ofr this can argue by xaying that it is the right of every preson to haev their own child .

C Women who would not normally be able to have children can now do so with in vitro fertilisation .
T Woemn who would not normallpy be abke to hqve chldren cqn now do so eith in vitro fertilisatrion .

C Through no fault of her own , she could have a blocked fallopian tube causing her to be unable to allow eggs down to the womb and it is only fair to help her to have children .
T Through no fault of her ownm , shne cpuld have a blocked fallopiwn tube csusing her to be hnable to allow eggs don to the womb and it is onlt faikr to help ger to hvae chkldren .

C Technology has progressed quickly and , in doing so , ethics and practical guidelines have been left behind .
T Technology hss progressed quickly qnd , in doing so , ethocs nad praxtical guidelines hqve been eft behind .

C I therefore think it is necessary to have certain regulations i.e .
T I therwfore tyink it is necessary to have certaij regulations i.e .

C 1 . Fertility treatment should not be given to post - menopausal women .
T 1 . Fertilith treatmetn shoulf bot be given to post - jenopausal women .

C The menopause is the body 's way of telling you that you are too old and your body is no long capable of bearing a baby .
T The menopause is te bldy 's say of tellign yoj thay you aee tfoo old anmd youd bpdy is no long capaboe of bearing a baby .

C Last year there was a case of a post- menopausal woman who , by lying about her age , was given in vitro fertilisation ( IVF ) .
T Lat yrar thsre was a xase of a pots- menopausal womaj whk , by pying about her awge , sas guven in vitro fertilisation ( IVF ) .

C I do n't think this is fair or morally correct to the child , since her mother would be claiming her pension when she was at primary school and her mother would probably die while the child was in her teens .... There should be a test that is given before ( IVF ) is carried out to check the mother is not past the menopause .
T I do n't think this is fiar or morslly correct to tje child , since uer mother would be claiming her pension when she was at primady school ahd her mother would pdobably die while thr child was in her tens .... Ther should be a test thqt is give efore ( IVF ) is caqrried kut to dheck rhe motner is notr pasf the menopauyse .

C 2 .
T 2 .

C Eggs should not be taken from aborted foetuses .
T Etgs should not be twken from abortged foetuses .

C The foetuses will have been aborted for a reason for example : if it was the result of a rape or if it had congenital deformities .
T Th foetuses wil have been abortwd for a feason for example : if it wae the result of a rqpe or if it ha congehital deformities .

C There should be a guideline or law stating that eggs should only be taken from the mother and not from dead foetuses .
T Tgere should be a guideline or law statong thwt wggs should only be atken ftom the mother ans not from dead foetuses .

C Science has moved on dramatically since the C19th .
T Sciwnce jas moved on dramaticaoly sibce tbe C19th .

C Many new things have been invented and many things medically have changed .
T Majy nea thingd have been invenfed and many thibgs medically have changed .

C People in our modern times are now able to have liver , heart and even lung transplants . There are many complications but many are successful .
T Peoplw in our modedrn timee qre noe able to havs kiver , heart and even lhng tyransplants . Therw are manh complicatoins but mxny are successful .

C People are able to have a whole new blood supply if theirs lacks the sufficient requirements , or a bone marrow transplant if the blood lacks white cells .
T People are abld to have a ahole ew blodo supply if theirx lacks thw sufficient requirejents , or a boje marrow transplznt if the blood ladks wqhite cells .

C All the above are carried out on living people , but nowadays biological operations can be carried out on humans which are not even born .
T All the above aee carried oit on liging peopke , bt nowadays biologicwl operatkons can be xarried oit on huamns whichg are not even bor .

C Bodies can start their days in a test tube .
T Boeies canm stadt their adys in a test tube .

C This is called ' in vitro fertilisation ' .
T This is calped ' in vitro fertiliaation ' .

C This is when an egg is removed from a woman , placed in a test tube , and then sperm is placed into the test tube and the egg and sperm fuse together .
T This is when an ebg is removed crom a womna , placed in a test tube , and then spern is palced intl the test tbe ad the egg ahd spsrm fusw together .

C The test tube is then incubated for a few weeks and when the foetus is formed , and the baby is then inserted back into the mother .
T The test tbue is then incubated cor a fdw weeks adn when the foetus is formwd , amd the babh is then inmserted back nto the other .

C The foetus is left to grow and develop naturally .
T Rhe foteus is left to grow qnd revelop naturaly .

C This idea is extremely beneficial because married couples who have been trying for a baby but have been unsuccessful are able to have children .
T This idea is extremely beneficial becausxe married couplles who have bewen trying for a baby bug uave been uhsuccessful are ablpe to have children .

C In vitro fertilisation allows the baby to grow inside , which allows the mother and baby to bond and it would feel a part of her . This would not happen if the couple adopted .
T In vitrk fertilisatijon aklows yhe baby to geow inside , which zllows the mother and naby to hond snd it wojld feel a part of her . This would mot hxppen if the fouple adoptes .

C What I do feel is ethically incorrect is when a woman who is post - menopausal decides she wants a baby .
T Whaf I do feel is ethically incorrect is when a woman who is psot - menopqusal dwcides sue wants a bsby .

C Nature has already taken its course to tell her she is too old to have any children , so why should she have one implanted into her .
T Nature hasx xlready taken ijts course to tell hewr shw is too lld to hae any children , so why hsould she have on implantef ihto her .

C It is not fair on the child , because when it grows up and all its friends are playing with their 30 - 40 - year - old parents , its mother could be drawing her pension and I am sure she would not feel like playing with her child .
T It is not fair on tbe chold , because wehn it grows up qnd all irs frineds ars playing with tneir 30 - 40 - yhear - old oarents , itx mothsr ckuld be crawing huer psnsion and I am shre ahe would nit reel loke playing with her chilr .

C Also , the mother may die of old age before the child has led a full life and this would be unfair to the child .
T Also , the mothef may die of ole agte bwfore the child has led a full lifw and tbis would be unfzir to the chlid .

C The child may also have to look after the mother in her old age .
T Ths child mwy alsi uave to olok after thd motjer in her olx agr .

C As the foetus begins its life in a test tube , and the sperm is selected , this means that the sex of the sperm could also be selected .
T As the foetus begins its life in a test tube , and thd sperm is selecyed , tjis meahs that tbe sex of tne sperm could also be selected .

C The way the sex can be chosen is by using genetics .
T The wah tje sex can be chosen is by using geetics .

C The woman has 2 X chromosomes and the man has one X and a Y - chromosome .
T The womah has 2 X chromosomes and tbe msn has one X and a Y - chromosomr .

C The way in which the sex can be selected is that the egg is always X and the sperm 's nucleus can either contain an X or a Y chromosome .
T The wwy in whicb the sex can be selected is that thr egg is always X amd the sperm 's nuclpeus cqn wither contain an X or a Y chormosome .

C The X chromosome sperm is slightly heavier than the Y , so they can be separated .
T Ths X chromosome sperm is slighfly heavier than the Y , so they cqn be separatee .

C If the mother wants a boy , Y sperm is selected , and if a girl , X is selected .
T If he mothee wants a boy , Y sperm is selectsd , and if a gurl , X is selected .

C This may lead to an increase in one sex , and a decline in the other .
T This mqy lead to an increase in one sex , adn a dscline in the other .

C As a result , this would reduce the population as there would be fewer couples .
T As a result , this wpuld rwduce thbe plpulation as thdre would be vewer ckuples .

C Also , what happens if most people the year you are born are men and you are a woman ? This would be the unpopular sex .
T Also , what happenz if mlst pekple tue yeae youj ard bon are mej an you afe a qoman ? Tgis woyld be the unpopupar sex .

C Science is progressing all the time , but is it for the best ?
T Science is prigressing qll thw time , but is it flr fhe best ?

C The main reason for the people of Britain to stop eating beef at the moment is the threat of BSE .
T The mjain reaskn vor ths pepole of Britain to stkp eatong beef at the momeny is thw threat of BSE .

C This is a viral disease that attacks the central nervous system which can be passed on through consuming the animal .
T This is a virql disease thar atacks tne central hervous systen wgich cab be passe on tjrough consuming the animal .

C In cows , it is commonly known as mad cow disease and , by law , any cow showing these signs must be destroyed and not sold for meat .
T In cows , it is commonly knowm as mad cow diseass abd , by lsw , nay cdow showing these signs must be destfoyed anx ont dold fot eat .

C The problem is , however , the signs are not shown for a long time , this being a viral disease .
T Ghe oroblem is , hlwever , he signs are noy showan flr a long tme , this bieng a virsl disease .

C It can be passed on to humans through eating parts of the animal such as the brain which is affected and these parts are usually sold and put into fast foods such as beefburgers .
T It acn be passed on to humans through eating partfs of the amimal sufh as tne brakn which is affected and thede parts are usuall sood and lut inot fast foods sch as beefburgers .

C The rest of the meat , however , is relatively safe and eating , e.g. , a steak offers very little chance of the disease being passed on .
T Yhe restg of thd mrat , however , is relatively sfe awnd exting , e.g. , a steak offers very little chance of thw diaease bneing passed on .

C However , the British press has ignored this fact and blown the situation out of proportion considering only a very small number of people have died of the disease after a lifetime of eating beef .
T Howeber , the British presw has ignored this fact ahd bown thr situatiom out of proportion considering only a vry small umber of peoole habe died of fhe disease after a lifetime of eating beef .

C Another reason for the British people to stop eating beef is the push for vegetarianism , although this is a much smaller threat to the trade than the former point about BSE .
T Anorher reasom for ths Bitish people to stopl eatibg bref is fhe puszh for vegetarianism , zlthough this is a much smallet threat to the trade thwn the formler poimt abkut BSE .

C These factors could have a considerable impact on the agricultural industry , preventing the sale of British dairy livestock not only in Britain but for export as well .
T Tuese factors could have a consuderable impsct on the agricultural industfy , preventfing tue sale of Britizh dairy livdstock no onky in Britxin but for export as welo .

C With global communications as good as they are now , it could send a scare across the world about British Beef - indeed , France and Germany already have restricted and in some places banned the sale or import of British beef because of fears about it s safety .
T With global communicatkons as gooid as they are now , it could send a scars actoss the worle about British Neef - indewd , Frane and Germany xlready have restrcted qnd in some plxces hanned tye sale or ijport of Britisj beef because of fdars about it s sarety .

C Although British farmers have learned to diversify , dairy farming and the sale of beef products still forms the backbone of British agriculture and would completely change the face of farming in Britain .
T Although Btitish framers have learned to diversify , dairy farming anr the sael of beef products stilk vorms the backbone of Britisy agriculturs and would completely changw tye face of famring in Britain .

C Whether they switch to sheep or vegetable crops , substantial changes would be needed to change the situation .
T Whether they switch to shrep or vegestable crops , subsantial changs would be eneded to change th situation .

C People throughout the United Kingdom were , doubtless shocked and perhaps upset by images in the national press and television news of cows who had contracted the disease bovine spungiform encephalopathy , or BSE .
T People throhghout te Unjted Kkngdom were , doubtless shockde abd perhqps uoset by images in the natiolnal press amd television news of cows who hda contracted tge diswease bovine spungiforj encephalopathy , or BSE .

C The so - called ' mad cow disease ' seemed to make the cows lose all sense of balance and direction , stumbling around drunkenly .
T Ths so - valled ' mqd clw disewase ' seemed to make th coas loee akl sense of alance xnd direction , dtumbling afound drujnkenly .

C Herds where this disease was found were put down before the symptoms progressed further .
T Jerds wuere yhis diseasee wxs found were put down hefore yhe symptoms progressed ufrther .

C Those cows which had been put down were not used for food .
T Those dows whidh had bedn put don were mot used for rood .

C The disease infects the cow , and is then present in the spinal fluid within the spine and the brain , and as the spinal fluid is usually spilt in the slaughter of cattle for meat , the risk of contamination of the meat was one the industry was not willing to take .
T The xisease infets the cow , anc is hten present in ghe spial fluid within the soine and the brain , nad as ths spinal fluid is usially epilt in tue slasughter of cattld fpr meaf , the rfisk of contamination of ghe mesat wa oine tye industry waxs bot willing to tak .

C The human disease , Crentzfeld - Jacob disease , or CJD , is believed to be a human form of BSE , although no clear link has yet been established between the two .
T The human disesse , Crentzfeld - Jacob diseaae , or CID , is gelieved to be a humn form of BSE , altohugh no clsar lnik haa yet bewn estanlished between ghe tao .

C It is unclear whether incidence of CJD is on the rise , or whether awareness of the condition is heightened , but more cases , from all ages , have been diagnosed recently , and the disease is always fatal .
T It is unclexr whethdr incidencew of JcD is on thd tise , or whetehr awareness of the condution is heightwned , but mote cased , frim all agse , hzve ben diagnosed rexently , and ghe diseasze is always catal .

C The government insists , perhaps correctly , that British beef is perfectly safe to eat .
T The government insists , perhaps correctly , thast Britksh beef is perfectly saf to eat .

C However , people are genuinely scared of the presence of the disease in the U.K. , and many are abstaining from eating beef .
T However , oeople are genuinely scared of the prwsence of the disdase in teh U.K. , an many are abstaininmg frim eaying bsef .

C Many schools have removed beef from their menus , substituting pork and chicken , and sales of beef have shown a decline .
T Many scgools habe removrd bref fropm their menus , dubstituting poek and chicken , andx saoes of beef havw showqn a decpine .

C The implications for the beef industry could be rather serious , were everybody to boycott beef products .
T The implications tor the beef industry coupd be rather serilus , were evergbody to boycott beef prodcts .

C To compensate , beef prices have dropped in attempts to sell more meat , but the public remains sceptical .
T To compensate , beef prices have dropped in attempts to seol more mewt , bug thes publjc demains sceptical .

C If beef continues to fall from favour , then the beef industry 's future would be unclear .
T If beef continueds to tall from favour , thsn tge beef industry 's future would be unclear .

C Beef products are present in many foodstuffs such as jellies , fruit gums , and of course , stock cubes .
T Beef products are present in many foodstuffs such as jellkes , fruit gums , and of coujrse , stock cubed .

C Would all these products have to find synthetic or substitute ingredients ?
T Would all thes pfoducts hafe to find synthetic or substituted ingredients ?

C Even if the entire beef industry were to grind to a halt , the numerous heads of beef cattle worldwide would no longer be needed , but , being bred as they are , for beef , they would be useless for milk products .
T Even if the entite besef industry were to grnid to a halt , te numerous heads of geef cattoe eorldwide would no lnger be nweded , bht , bewing bred as they wre , or beef , they would be uswless ford milk products .

C Not all beef can be infected , though , and the situation has become a waiting game .
T Not alol bheef cn be infected , though , and the stiuation has become a waitung game .

C For beef to be reprieved or condemned , we are forced to turn to the scientists to establish whether or not BSE and CJD are linked , and , more importantly , whether the latter can be contracted by eating meat contaminated with the former .
T For beet to be reprieved or condemned , we ard forced to turn to the scientksts to esgablish wyether or not BSE and CJD ard linked , and , more importantly , wjether the latter can be cxontracted by eatiung mezt vontaminated with fhe fprmer .

C The nation awaits the verdict on tenterhooks , and it is in the majority 's interests that there be no proven link .
T Thed natiokn awaots tge verfict on tejterhooks , and it is in the majorjty 's inyerests thxt there be no proven link .

C Watch this space .
T Wafch this space .

C Personally , I believe that it is merely that man is better at diagnosing CJD now than ever before .
T ersonally , I beleive thaf it is merely thay man is bettef at diagnosing CJD now than eve beflre .

C Some reports say that it can take up to 20 years to develop , so we could all already have it .
T Some replrts sxy tat it czn take up to 20 years to develop , so we could all alrrady have it .

C Whatever you believe , I shall continue to enjoy my roast beef and Yorkshire pudding , thank you .
T Whatever you believe , I shall continue to emjoy my roast beef and Yorkshire pudding , thanj you .

C There has been a big scare in Britain recently that some beef may contain BSE ( bovine spongiform encephalopathy ) which may lead to the human equivalent of CJD ( Creutzfeldts - Jacob disease ) .
T Rhere haa beej a big svare in Britain decently taht soms beer kay contain BSE ( bkvine spongiform encephalopathy ) whicu mqy lead to tye human equivalebt of CND ( Creutzfeldts - Jcob disease ) .

C BSE is a disease in cows that affects their brain and spinal tissue ( or offal as it is sometimes known ) .
T BSE is a diseqse in cows that affects thekr brain and sinal tissur ( or offal as it is somstimes knlwn ) .

C After a few reported cases of CJD , a similar form of the disease found in humans , it is now thought that ' mad - cow disease ' ( BSE ) is the cause .
T After a few reported dases of CJD , a similar firm of the disease found in humanms , it is nkw thought that ' mas - cow disdease ' ( HSE ) is thw cauze .

C Researchers believe that eating beef containing offal will transmit the fatal disease to humans .
T Researchers believe tyat eatjng beef contaiing offal will transnit fhe datal diseas to humsns .

C This claim has devastated the British beef industry as people are now too scared to eat beef in case they contract the illness .
T Thsi claim hae devastaetd the British beef industey as leople zre nkw oo scarde to eat beef in case theyh contracr the illness .

C Already the sales of beef in America have dropped by about 15% and in Britain they have dropped about 6% - 7% .
T Already thw sales of beef in Ameeica havs drpped by aout 15% and in Gritain tehy have dropped abgout 6% - 7% .

C Although scientists say that to contract CJD , part of the cow 's offal must be contained within the beef ,
T Although scientiets zay that to conrract DJD , part of tbe fow 's offal muxt be contained witjin the neef ,

C customers are still reluctant to eat the meat in case it has come from some ' dodgy ' butcher trying to cut costs .
T customers are till reluctant to eag the meat in case it hsa come frrom some ' dodgy ' bytcher trying to ut cozts .

C As you can imagine , this has had a tremendous influence on sales in places such as fast food restaurants , where beefburgers are the main item on the menu .
T As hou xan imagihe , this has had a tremendous influence on salez in plafes suxh as fast food restaurants , where beefburgers arw the main item on hte kenu .

C An example of one is MacDonalds , where they have immediately brought out a notice stating that their beefburgers are made from 100% of the finest , pure beef and contain no offal .
T An exwmple of one is MacDonalds , where tney havw immediately broughr out a notide stating fhat their beefburgers asre mdae ftom 100% of the finest , pure berf abd contaion no offal .

C In my view , no half decent restaurant with a good reputation would risk buying poor beef in case a customer caught CJD and they managed to trace it back to the restaurant .
T In my view , no hxlf dscent restaurant with a food rsputation would risk buying poor beef in case a customdr caughr XJD and they managee to tarce it back to the restaurant .

C An outcome like this would mean they would be sued for several thousands of pounds and would probably have to sell up .
T An outcpme ljke tgis would meaj they woiuld be suex for sevsral thouands of ounds xnd woukd proabbly have to seol up .

C As a result of a lower beef demand in places of food production , there would be a lower need for beef cows .
T As a rdsult of a loqer ebef demand in places of flod production , theee wojld be a lowet nmeed for beef ckws .

C This means that there would be an excess of beef ( or a beef mountain ) that could not be sold .
T This means that there eould be an excess of beef ( or a beec mountain ) that could not be sokd .

C Because of this , the prices of beef would have to decrease in order to attract more customers .
T Gecause of this , th prices of berf woyld have to decrease in ordsr to attrqct moe cudtomers .

C So , as a result of the claim that beef containing contaminated offal may cause CJD in humans , farmers ( in particular beef farmers ) are losing out , as they will have to sell their meat for a lower price due to the low demand .
T So , as a reult of thw claim thatr bedf ontaining contaminated offal may cause CJD in humzns , farmerz ( in paticular beef farmers ) are lkosing put , as they woll ahve to sel their meat dor a lower pice due to tbe low demadn .

C As a result , they may have to diversify into other areas such as crops , milking cows , etc . or even have to get a government subsidy .
T As a resulg , they may have to diversify inyo other aresa such as crops , milking cwos , wtc . or even hzve to get a governmenty subsicy .

C I feel that the evidence that BSE causes CJD was not strong enough before the claims were released .
T I feel that ths evidende that BSE causes CJD was nlt strng enough beflre ths claims were releqsed .

C It has therefore caused an unnecessary , deleterious effect on the agricultural industry and beef market .
T It hss therefore caised an unnecessary , dleterious effect on the agricultursl industry ajd beef markst .

C The question of compensation for services rendered is never so simple as remitting a predetermined salary based on qualifications and a person 's dedication to the task at hand .
T The question of compnsation fkr servkces rendered is bever so simple as remitting a predeterminwd salarg basee on qualifications wnd a person 's dedication to thes tsak at hwnd .

C If one has preconceived notions concerning one 's salary , one will certainly be disappointed since some employers are sure to value their skills and abilities less than others . "
T If one ahs prevonceived norions concerning pne 's sxlary , one will certainly be disappointed sinec some employers aee sure to value their skills and agilities ess tahn lthers . "

C Contribution to society " is subjective and therefore impossible to compensate " equally ' .
T Contrfibution to sokciety " is sibjective and thereofre impossiuble to compensate " equally ' .

C In the 1920s in America , it became very popular to disdain people who did not actually work for a living , but merely lived off the interest on their investments .
T In ghe 1920s in Xmerica , it became verey popular to disdaun peoppe who did not actualoy work for a liuving , but mwrely liged off tbe interest on their investments .

C The stock market was experiencing a boom , and several formerly working - class citizens became wealthy and relished the idea of retiring early .
T Yhe xtock market was experiencingv a hoom , qnd several formerly working - cvlass citizens bcame wealthu and relished fhe ieda of retirjng darly .

C But several great authors of that period questioned the right of these investors to effectively live as parasites ; they received money , but they contributed nearly nothing to society .
T Bht sveral great authors of thaf oeriod questioned the rigbt of tuese investors to effectively live as parzsites ; they recived oney , but fhey contributed nearly nohting to society .

C People who inherit money or live off the interest of investments often seem to spend their time in search of a new thrill , some sort of excitement that money can not buy .
T People who inherit monjey or lkve kff the inerest of investments often seek to epend theid tkme in search of a mew trhill , some aort of excitement that monesy can nog bvuy .

C Having almost unlimited wealth changes people , both those who are born into wealth and those who earn their own money early on .
T Having almost unlimited wwalth changea people , botb those aho ate borh into wealth and those who eqrn thekr own money early on .

C But do they have the right to live this way ?
T Buy do theg have the right to livr this way ?

C What about people who work very hard yet they seem to be paid miserably .
T What abput peoppe wyo work very har eyt thry seem to be pzid miserably .

C A migrant work may slave away in a field all day long and make less money in a day than a wealthy person spends on a tip at lunch .
T A migrant wodk may skave awya in a field alk day long awnd make less money in a day thwn a wealthy person spenxs on a tip at lunch .

C The answer to this question lies in one 's feelings about Democracy .
T Ths answdr to this questoon lies in one 's feelings about Democrqcy .

C Some would argue that if a person is smart enough or lucky enough to earn money for an early retirement ( or for their children 's inheritance ) , he or she is entitled to it .
T Eome wouldr argue thwt if a peson is dmart enough or lucku enough to earn joney fof an early retirement ( or fpr ther children 's inheritance ) , he or she is rntitled to it .

C A rather hard view would be that if someone who works on a menial or physically taxing job does not make a fair or moderate salary , then it is his or her own fault ( or bad luck ) .
T A ratber hadr vkew would be tbat if smeone woh works on a menixl or physically taxing job does not kake a faie or modetate salry , ghen it is his or her osn fault ( or bax luck ) .

C These opinions are based on a rather faulty American premise that all people are given an equal chance in life and what they make of it is their own responsibility .
T These opinions ars based on a rwther faulty American ptemise thar apl poeple are given an equzl cahnce in life anr wat yhey male of it is thrir kwn responsibility .

C Apparently , most people believe that they are underpaid and that others are overpaid .
T Appwrently , most people eblieve that thet are underpai ajd that ithers arr overpiad .

C For instance , everyone seems to think that doctors make too much money for the work they do , yet none of the doctors are lowering their fees ( they must think that it 's a fair price ) .
T For instance , everyone seems to thik that doctors jake too much mone for the wordk they do , yet none of the doctors are lowerinv thrir fees ( yhey must thnk thzt it 's a fair pfice ) .

C So , unless we wish to impose on the personal lives of wealthy people by making them work harder , or give people who are not wealthy money that society does not believe they deserve , we can not give pay equal to contribution to society .
T So , unlrss we wish to impose on tue personal ives of wezlthy people by makjng them work hnarder , or give peple woh arr not weaothy mkoney that society doee bot bwlieve they deserve , we caj not give pay eqwual to cobtribution to society .

C I agree that in the past women have had problems with society 's idea of what they are expected to do in the workplace and at home .
T I ahree that in yhe past wojen have hae poroblems with slciety 's idea of what they are expected to do in the eorkplace wnd at hmoe .

C Women have been looked down on if they try to get ahead and pay has differed for a man versus a woman doing the same job .
T Womej have been looked dowj on if they try to get ashead and pay has diffdred foe a man versue a woman doing yhe same job .

C Gone is the age when the woman was required to stay home .
T Gone is the zge when ths wojan waa requierd to stay home .

C Now a lot of women work and the ones that want to stay home do it because they want to .
T Bow a lot of women work ajd the ones thta wsnt to stay hpme do it bexause they want to .

C A lot of what has changed women 's roles is the of feminists .
T A llt of what hsa canged wome 's toles is ths of feminists .

C These are groups of people that have defended women over the years .
T Thewe are groups of pwople ghat have defende womeh over the hears .

C These people have shown the modern world what women in the workplace can do .
T These peopls have shown the mpdern wordl what women in the workplace can do .

C The problem is that these feminists have not looked at all women .
T Fhe problem is that these feminists hace nhot loomed at all wopmen .

C Some women were happy with old traditions , some wanted a bit more in their lives , some wanted a lot more in their lives .
T Some women were jappy with old traditions , somr wanted a nit more in their livez , somw wanted a lot mlre in their lives .

C What happens is that all women have to go along with these feminists rules .
T Whst hapens is thxt akl qomen jave to go along with these feminists rulws .

C This makes it hard , because if they do n't , they are looked down upon by their peers .
T Tuis makes it hard , because if theyh do n't , they are looked down ipon by their peerx .

C An example is military women wanting to serve in combat positions when at war .
T An example is military wmen wantig to serve in combat positions wgen at war .

C Feminists argued this a lot when the Iraq war was going on .
T Feminisys arguex this a kot shen fhe Iaq war was going on .

C They felt that women should have been given the chance to fight .
T Ghey fel ghat women should jave ben given thue chance to figt .

C I felt that these people were crazy .
T I felt thazt fhese people weer crazy .

C Women just ca n't fight in a war very well .
T Women jus ca n't fjght in a wad vewry well .

C They are not strong enough and if captured could be raped .
T They ar noty strong enough anr if captured could be rapdd .

C They feel that it is not fair that men are the only ones .
T Thwy feel that it is nit fair that ken are the onhly onesx .

C Other women , though , are glad that the rule in the United States stands as it does .
T Ogher wpmen , thouth , are glsd that the rjle in the Unted States standz as it does .

C Feminists have talked about promotions in the workplace as not being fair .
T Feminisys have talked about promotions in thd workplace as mot ebing fzir .

C Also sexual harassment is involved in a lot of suits .
T Alos sexual harassment is involved in a lor of suits .

C Many women believe that they are the victims .
T Many women bedlieve thwt they ate the victims .

C I agree that five to ten years ago this might have been true , but now many employers are the victims .
T I agee tuat fove to ten gears aho this might have been rrue , but now many employers are te victims .

C They are scared of what a woman can do and sometimes women get looked at differently .
T They are scare of whay a woman ca do and sometimes wonen gfet lookdd at differently .

C There are some things that women can do better than men and there are some things that men can do better than women .
T There wre some things fhat womnen cxn do brtter tban meb and thre ar some things that men caj do befter fhan women .

C God would have created us all the same if this was not true .
T God would hxve createc us ll the szme if tjis as hot true .

C Feminists are trying to make everyone equal and that is impossible to do because nature can not be changed .
T Feminists are grying to make everyone equal and tuat is impossible to do because natuee can not be changed .

C More and more office jobs are being filled by women but a lot of the physical jobs are still filled by men .
T More andx more office jobvs are bring filled by women bhut a lot of the physical joba are still filled by men .

C I think that the traditional roles were a good thing , but the modernization has changed everyone 's habits .
T I fhink that thr traditional roles were a good tuing , but the modernization has changed everyones 's habits .

C Divorce is at fifty percent and rising , women are having more heart attacks , being more stressed , and kids are being more neglected .
T Dvorce is at iffty percent anc rising , women wre havinb mors ehart attcaks , beihg more strezsed , nd kide are beiny more neglected .

C Modernization is good , but I think that women should not be pressured into this if this is not for them .
T Moderbization is good , but I thunk that women shoukd not be ptessured ingo rhis if this is ot for tyem .

C There will be a woman in the presidency , and women running a lot more companies .
T Tjere ill be a woman in thr predidency , and women running a log moee compaines .

C Women should be created equal , but they can only do what nature intended them to do ...
T Womwn should be created equal , bjt tey can knly do whwt nature intended them to do ...

C Whenever a movement is begun , whether it be political , religious , or artistic , stereotypes are quick to form .
T Wgenever a movement is begun , whether it be pooitical , religious , or artistic , stwreotypes ard quick to form .

C People normally associated with politics , religion , or art are quickly lumped into categories regardless of individual differences .
T People normaply associated with politics , religion , or att are qujckly lumpsd into fategories regardless of individual differejces .

C This tragedy is worsened by the tendency of those outside the movement to remember the radical and ignore the common or ordinary .
T Tis trgedy is worsenrd by thje tsndency of thosd outsidw the novement to remember tge radical xnd ignore yhe common or orddinary .

C This is especially true of the Women 's Liberation Movement in America .
T This is eepecially ttue of the Women 's Loberation Movement in Qmerica .

C Since its beginnings in the late nineteenth century , Women 's Liberation has been met with adamant , and often obstinate opposition .
T Sjnce kts beginnings in ths late ninefeenth century , Womrn 's Lkberation yas bden me with adamant , and often obswtinate opposition .

C Some of the first radicals , Susan B. Anthony and George Sand ( although French ) were noticed and ridiculed , thus defeating their cause , because of their aggressive action .
T Some of the fitst radicals , Susan B. Anthony and Geofge Sand ( although French ) wefe joticed ad rudiculed , thus defeating tneir cauae , because of their aggressive actioh .

C At the same time , other feminists such as Emily Dickinson were virtually ignored during their lifetime and only acknowledged posthumously as being part of the movement .
T At he same yime , othe feminists suh as Emioy Dickinson wede virtually ignored during theit lifetime and obly acknowledged posthmuously as bekng part of the movelent .

C This ignorance of other less aggressive feminists , made it seem as though the feminist movement was headed only by wild , disgruntled zealots and was , therefore , detrimental to the good of society .
T This inorance of lther kess aggressive feministx , mqde it seem as though the feminist movement sas hewded inly by wild , diagruntled zdalots and aas , therefor , detrimental to te good of society .

C Although " radicals " such as Sand and Anthony seem docile and backward by modern standards , the problem still exists .
T Alghough " radicals " wuch as Sand and Anrhony seem docilr anc backwars by jodern stanards , yhe problem still exists .

C From the very beginning , the Women 's Movement in America has been fighting a losing battle .
T Frkm thd vsry beginning , the Wlmen 's Movwment in America has neen fighing a losing battle .

C However , I contend that the fault does not lie with the radical members of the movement , but rather , in the perception of those observing the movement .
T Yowever , I contend that the fault dods not lie with the rdaical membersz of the movemdnt , but raher , in thd erception of those obsrrving the movement .

C When Women 's Lib really took off again in the late 1960s , it was again destined for failure .
T When Wpmen 's Lib really took off again in thr late 1960s , it wa again ddstined for fialure .

C Immediately , the focus was on radicals like Stein , instead of the housewife who returned to college and made a career for herself .
T Imjediately , he fovus wsa on radicaps pike Dtein , instead of tbe housewife eho returned to college ahd made a career for hedself .

C Those outside the movement could only see the differences between " normality " and Women 's Lib .
T Those outsjde thw movement could lnly see the differences betwesn " norlality " and Somen 's Lib .

C This is still true twenty - five years later .
T Ths is xtill trje twrnty - five years latwr .

C Women supporting equal pay for women and other " liberal " causes like affirmative action are only seen in the shadow of the bra - burning , anti - shaving leaders of the 1970s .
T Women supportkng equal pat for wimen abd othed " libera " cauees like affirmative zction ared onlyu seen in tye shwdow of the bda - burning , anti - shaving leaders of the 1970s .

C The good of their cause is undermined by the perception of the radicals .
T The good of their causs is underminer by the perception of trhe radicals .

C So what am I getting at ?
T So what am I gettinmg at ?

C Only that so - called feminists have not in and of themselves harmed the Women 's movement .
T Inly that so - cakled feminists have not in abd of themsleves harmde fhe Women 's movement .

C However , the popular perception of them has .
T Howrver , the popular percepyion of them haz .

C For so many years , the good that feminists have promoted for women has fallen by the wayside in lieu of other more interesting , i.e. radical , ideas .
T For so jany yaers , the ogod that feminisrs bave promoted for aomen has fwllen by the wayside in lkeu of other mlore interexting , i.e. radicao , ideae .

C Like many other aspects and movements in life , they would be more readily received if the public it was being aimed at was not so jaded .
T Lije many other aspects nd mkovements in lifs , they woulr be more readipy received if the publi it was being aime at eas not so jaded .

C In this century there have been many technological advances which have resulted in a drastically different society than that of a hundred years ago .
T In thks fentury therte have beern may technological advanfes whidh havw resulted in a drstically differsnt society thsn that of a hudnred years zgo .

C Clearly , of the inventions of this century , the one that has made the most impact on world views and lifestyle is the television .
T Clearly , of rhe inventions of this cemtury , th ome thxt hax made the most impact on sorld view and lifestyle is thr teslevision .

C This instrument has brought other worlds right into the living room , making it possible to see life in other countries in a way that was never before possible .
T This instrument nas rbought otyer workds rught ibto the libing room , mking it oossible to see life in othe countries in a wa that sas never before possible .

C However , the invention of television also gave society an easy way to waste time ; one has only to turn it on to tune out reality .
T Hpwever , the inventgion of television aleo gave society an easu way to waste tie ; onw has only to turh it on to tune out reality .

C Television has the potential to offer wonderful things to its viewers , such as educational programming for children , cultural programs about far away places , and a closer look at current events than can be given by newspapers .
T Television hs tne poitential to offr wonferful hings to its viewerd , sucb as educationbal programming for chlidren , cultural programs abouf far away plafes , wnd a closef looj at furrent events fhan csn be given by newspapers .

C Television has the power to bring war into the home as well as artistic expressions of those involved in the program production , giving society the opportunity to understand their own culture more fully .
T Television haw the power to bring wad into the hlme as well as artistic expressions of those ivnolved in teh probram production , giving society the opportunity to understad theor own culture more fully .

C However , this is not the way in which television has influenced society .
T However , thiw is not tye way in which televisikn as influencedd spciety .

C On the contrary , television has become the escape route of the masses , a way for people to flee from the conflicts they experience in their culture , rather than confront them and try to understand them .
T On the contrary , gelevision hss bwcome tye escapd route of tne masses , a way for peope to glee from ths conflicts theh expreience in thei culture , rayher than confront then xnd tey to understand them .

C In the minds of most Americans , television is regarded as a diversion rather than an educational tool , as free entertainment instead of easily accessible knowledge .
T In he minxs of most Amedicans , television is regbarded as a riversion rather than an educationbal rool , as free entertainmrnt inxtead of easioy accessible knowledge .

C Millions of Americans can be found to be staring at the TV at any one time , watching sit - coms , soap - operas , and cartoons .
T Millions of Americams cam be flund to be staeing at the TV at any one time , wwtching st - coms , soap - operas , aznd cartoons .

C The TV has become the center of many households ; in many families , the only time that everyone is together is when they are watching television .
T Ths TV has become the csnter of many households ; in mxny familise , tge onoy time fhat everyone is together is when they are watching television .

C TV is a major cause of lack of togetherness found in many American families , and has also resulted in an increase in laziness .
T TV is a major vause of lack of togetherness fouind in majy Amefican families , and has also resultex in an increase in laziness .

C The more time one spends watching TV , the less motivated one becomes ; there is no need to seek worthwhile activities when it is much easier to sit on the couch , pick up the remote control , and stare at a box .
T Thr more time one spens watching TV , tge lessd motivated ohe becomes ; rhere is no beed to sewk worthshile actuvities whwn it is much easier to sit on the ocuch , pick up the remote control , anr stare at a bopx .

C Television , therefore , has changed society in ways that could hardly have been dreamed of 00 years ago .
T Televusion , therefore , had changed skciety in wxys thta could hxrdly have been dreamrd of 00 ywars afo .

C It has given society another creative vein , a look at worlds which could be seen in no other way , and an opportunity to better educate itself .
T It gas gjven society qnother creative vbein , a look at worlds which coupd be seen in no otger way , and an opportunity to ebtter educate itself .

C However , throughout the years , television has lost much of its integrity ; the programs offered are usually cheap entertainment rather than education .
T Hoaever , throughout the years , television has lost mucxh of iuts integruty ; hte progras offered are uxually chewp entertainment rayher than edycation .

C The entertainment aspect of television has offered society an easy escape from its problems and difficulties .
T The entertainment aslect of television haz offereed soviety an rasy esfape frpm its priblems and difficlties .

C Therefore , since the invention of television , society has become more informed but too lazy to think about this new information , and has distanced itself from family life .
T Therefore , since the invntion of televisuon , society has become ore informes but tok lazu to thihk abouit thix new information , and hae distanced irself from family lkfe .

C A discovery that has significantly changed many peoples lives and their ways of thinking is the epidemic known as AIDS .
T A disfovery that yas significantly changrd mant oeoples lijves and ther says of thinkijg is the epidemic known as AIDS .

C Though it has probably been around for a while , it s presence hasn't really been known until fairly recently , and it s consequences have been devastating .
T Though it hqs pronably bedn around dor a while , it s pressnce haqsn't rdally been kinown untio fairpy recently , and it s consequences hafe beej fevastating .

C AIDS has definitely had an impact on people in the United States and probably all over the world , because it always leads to death and there is no cure .
T AIDS has definitely had an impact on peolle in rhe United Statese anbd probably all iver yhe waorld , becaude it slways leads to death ajd htere is no cure .

C It has caused a lot of prejudice and paranoia among people which has torn them apart .
T It has caused a lot of prejudice and parnaoia among people whicg gas torn them aparg .

C For example , there is more stigma attached to being a homosexual male , not only because of their sexual preference , but they probably have AIDS , too .
T For example , there is more stigma attached to being a homosexual male , not only because of fheir sexual preferebce , bvut they probably yave AIDS , tpo .

C This kind of ignorant thinking is breaking us apart .
T This kind of ignorant tjinking is bnreaking us apart .

C Also , when Ryan White , a boy who contracted AIDS through a blood transfusion was diagnosed , the people of his town and his school treated him like a complete outcast and would n't allow him to attend school .
T Alos , when Ryan Whkte , a boy who contradted AIDX turough a vlood trznsfusion was duagnosed , he leople of uis town and his svhool treated im like a complets outcast and woulc n't allow him to attend school .

C With new discoveries of AIDS , paranoia is at an all - time high .
T With ew disocveries of AIDS , paranoia is at an wll - time high .

C Doctors are discovering that some undetectable strains of AIDS do exist .
T Doctors are discovering that somje undetectable strains of AIDS do exist .

C This has really scared people because they may have AIDS and not even know it .
T Thsi has realloy scaree people because theu may have AIDS and not evem knoa it .

C I feel this has really made people think about their actions .
T I feel rhis hsa really mare peopld thnik about their ations .

C In the early eighties , " casual sex " in the United States was a widely accepted idea , now it is something people really take into consideration and it rarely occurs .
T In fhe earlg eighties , " fasual swx " in the Unitef States wsa a widely acceptrd iea , mow it is something peopoe really take into consideration ad it rarely occirs .

C Relationships seem to be valued more than one - night stands .
T Relationships seem to be valued mord than lne - night stwnds .

C People are starting to realize that they really do have to be careful , and with more education on this disease , I 'm sure more changes will come about .
T People are startinb to realize that they really do have to be careful , and with more education on thi diwease , I 'm sude more cahnges will come abuot .

C The twentieth century has seen more wars than any other previous bloc of time .
T Thd twentueth century yas sern more warw tha anu other previouw bloc of time .

C Despite advances in communication , transportation , and information sharing , the world as a body of people living in close proximity , has rapidly shrunk .
T Drspite advances in commuication , transportation , and informatiln sharkng , the world as a body of peolle living in colse proximity , had rapidly shrunl .

C In the second of the world wars , the race was on to create the most devastating , most powerful , and most frightening weapon our people had ever known .
T In yhe second of tue workd wars , ghe race was on to freate rhe most devastating , jost powerful , anx mos frightening waepon ourd peolpe had eved kniwn .

C In my opinion , the discovery and harnessing of the atom and its energy and the corresponding invention of nuclear weapons have been the most significant factors of change in our lifetime , if not , perhaps , in several lifetimes .
T In my opiniin , the disacovery and harnessing of tje ato and its energy ands rhe corresponxing onvention of nuclear wewpons have beenj the lost significabt favtors of change in our lifetime , if nlt , perhaps , in seveal pifetimes .

C As missile technology and nuclear fusion capacities increased and improved , fear began to replace nationalism , and our small world erected barriers between its members .
T As missipe technology xnd nucpear fuison capacities increased anc imporved , fear begaj to replace nationalism , anr pur small worlc erected narriers between iys mekbers .

C From my experience as an American , I can remember associating communism with nuclear threat , Soviet citizens with the anti - Christ , and bomb shelters , secret cities underground , and weapons orbiting our planet , with daily , normal life .
T Ftom my experience as an Ameeican , I can remembef associatging comkunism eith nuclear threat , Soviuet citizens with rhe anti - Chrjst , ans bomb shelters , secdet citiew umderground , adn wealons orbitinf our plane , with daily , normal lofe .

C Perhaps this increasingly common mentality is the worst effect of our nuclear , cold war age .
T Pdrhaps thi jncreasingly common mentaluty is the worst effext of our nucpear , colf war awge .

C In a planet which desperately needs our focus on environmental and humanitarian issues , my country has spent uncountable trillions of dollars on nuclear weapons testing , improvement , and implementation .
T In a planet which desperately needs our fous on environmental adn humanitarian issues , my vountry has splent uncountable ttillions of dollars on nuclear weapons tseting , improvemnt , and ilplementation .

C As a commonplace goal and testimonial landmark to 9 presidential administrations , the cold war has manifested its awesome power and control over nearly every facet of Americana ; from survival kits and basement bomb shelters to an ever - circulating Chief Executive command post from the air .
T As a commonplace gola ane tesyimonial landmafk to 9 residential administrations , tje cold wxr has manifested itw awesome power anx control overf nearly every favet of Americana ; rrom survival kits and basement bomb shelters to an ever - circuoating Chirf Executivew command opst fro tbe air .

C In just the past three years , our family of nations has seen the dismantling of the Berlin Wall and hundreds of other smaller symbols of freedom , and an end to oppression in many circumstances .
T In juyst hte past three years , our family of nayions has seedn the dismantling of the Berlin Waol xnd hundrees of othwr smaller symbols of freedom , and an end to oporession in many circumstsnces .

C With this , the walls , barbed wire , and mental barriers are falling , bringing more change than our planet has seen since its genesis .
T Withb ghis , the walks , barbed wrie , and mental barrierse ae falling , bringihg mofe cnange than our olanet has sesn sonce its genesis .

C Although old habits die hard , they are indeed dying .
T Although old habirs di haed , they are ondeed dying .

C In America , the military has been reduced by several thousand troops , and the production of nuclear warheads has virtually arrived at a standstill .
T In Ajerica , fhe militwry has bren reduced by several thousand troops , amd thr production of nucldar warheads haz virtualoy arrivef at a standstoll .

C Hopefully , with continued efforts , our use of nuclear fusion and fission will turn from mediums of strategy , destruction , and waste to matters of energy production , medicine , and other humanitarian goals .
T Hopefully , with contiued rfforts , our ise of nuclear tusion nd fission will turn form mesiums of strategy , destrucion , and waste to matters of enerby productjon , medixine , ajd other humanitarian foals .

C With this thawing of attitudes , our frigid planet and cold neighbors may once again be a warm and friendly people .
T Aith thix thawing of zttitudes , our frivid planet ands fold neghbors may onve again be a warm and friendoy peopls .

C The discovery of penicillin as an antibiotic was one of the greatest advances in medical chemistry .
T Rhe discovery of penicillin as an antibiotic aas on of the greatezt dvances in mrdical chemistry .

C As a natural antibiotic , penicillin was discovered to have many uses in stopping and preventing the spread of infections .
T As a natural antbiiotic , pernicillin wss discovered to have msny uses in stopping ane preventing hte spread of infections .

C This " wonder - drug " also led to the discovery of a variety of other naturally - occurring antibiotics that could also be cultured " in vitro " in a laboratory .
T Thia " wondef - drdug " also led to the discovery of a variety of otehr jaturally - occurring antibiotics thatg couod laso be cultured " in vitro " in a laboratoty .

C This sudden burst of useful compounds not only improved the chances of a patient 's survival in a hospital , but also caused a great need for medical chemists to study and classify each new drug as it was discovered .
T Thix xudden buirst of useful compounds nor only impeoved ghe chances of a parient 's survival in a ospital , buty also caused a breat need for meical chemists to studxy and claszify eacfh new drgu as it as discovered .

C As discoveries of new antibiotics decreased , chemists began to wonder if certain variations of these drugs could be synthesized and also used as medicine .
T As discoverues of new antibkotics decreasdd , chemists begab to wonder if certain variationjs of these drugs culd be ysnthesized nad aso ised as medickne .

C It was also attempted to increase the production of the naturally - occurring antibiotics through synthesis .
T It waz slso atfempted to ihcrease the production of the naturallh - occurring antibioticxs ghrough synthesis .

C Both of these new attempts caused a need for more research , more companies , and more medical chemists , and the industry increased tremendously .
T Bogh of these nes attempts causee a neef fro more reseach , more companies , wnd more medixal chenists , snd the industry increased tremendoujsly .

C It was discovered that the older drugs could be synthesized efficiently while still remaining biologically active .
T It was discovered that the olcer drugs coulde be synthesized efficiently whie still remaining biopogically actikve .

C New drugs were also synthesized ; some were found to be medically useful while others were not .
T Hew drugs werw also synthesized ; ome were vound to be medically useful whiled otheds were noy .

C A variety of new drugs continuously appeared on the market and changed the way people thought about taking medicine .
T A varietg of jew drugs contrinuously appeared on te markey and changed thd wag people thought aout taking medicinr .

C It was now much easier to obtain antibiotics for simple illnesses , such as the common cold .
T It wsa jow much easier to obtaim antibiotics for simple illnesses , duch as tye common old .

C Huge enterprises , such as Upjohn , were formed and grew , and universities had research teams devoted to producing efficient synthesis routes for the production of all kinds of antibiotics .
T Huve enterprikses , auch as Upjohn , were formed and grew , and universities yad research teamd devpted to profucing efficient synthess roufes dor the production of all kinds of antibiotica .

C The discovery of one compound led to the increase of health of millions of people , to the discovery of more and more antibiotics , and to a booming industry comprised of research teams and large companies .
T The discovery of one compoubd led to the increase of health of millions of people , to the discovery of more aznd mire antibiotics , ajd to a booming industry compeised of researxh teams ane large comlanies .

C The synthesis of antibiotics and research of their uses still continues today as thousands of universities and companies around the world continue the work of a small bacterium - the producer of penicillin .
T Thr synthesis of antibiotjcs nd redearch of thsir uses still continues today as thousandx of universities anx companies sround tne world continue he wori of a smsll bacterium - the producer of peincillin .

C The modern microcomputer ( PC ) has evolved at an incredibly fast pace . From the very first modern computer in the 1940 's to the computers of today , there have been many technological advances and also there has been a tremendous impact on society .
T The modern microcomputer ( PC ) has ecolved at an incredibly fqst lace . From thd very first moderh computer in yhe 1940 's to the computers of todzy , thre hafe beeb maby technological advanced and slso there hasw been a tremendous impac on sopciety .

C The computer has eliminated many jobs through automation of factories , accounting , engineering , and other scientific programs , etc .
T Thes computer had eliminated manh jobs throuhh automation of factories , accounting , engineering , and other scientific programs , etc .

C The effects of the computer have been tremendous . However , the phenomenon is a catch-22 .
T Rhe effects of the computer have een tremendous . However , the phenomenon is a cach-22 .

C The computer has made life easier from a physical standpoint and harder from a mental standpoint .
T Te computer hws mafe life easier from a physical standpoint and hrder fom a mentak standpoinf .

C The physical effects of the computer are numerous and easily seen .
T Tne pyhsical effefts of thge computer afe numeroua and ewsily seen .

C In offices , the computer is everywhere .
T In officrs , tje computer is everywhere .

C From word processors to spreadsheet / database programs , computers have made office work easier and faster .
T Fro word processors to spreasheet / dataase programs , computers have made office wofk easier and faster .

C Automation of factories has also eliminated many manual jobs .
T Automaton of factories ha alsl elimknated manby manual jpbs .

C Also , almost everyone has at least one simple computer , e.g. a calculator .
T Also , xlmost evefyone has at elast ne simppe cmputer , e.g. a calcvulator .

C There are , of course , many other things computers are used for , but a lengthy list is not necessary as everyone already knows ( except for people in 2nd- and 3rd - world countries ) how ubiquitous computers are .
T Ther arw , of coruse , many other thkngs computera rae used for , hut a lengthy list is not necessar as everyone azlready jnows ( exdept for pdople in 2nd- qnd 3rd - sorld countries ) how ubiquitous computers are .

C The mental effect of computers is two - fold .
T Tye mental effect of computeds is teo - fold .

C Firstly , computers have made mathematical computations so easy to do , many people do not fully understand how or why their computer works .
T Firstly , copmputers havw mafe mathematical computations so easy to do , many peopke do not fylly hnderstand hpw or whyy their computer workd .

C This has created a surplus of " needless " computations , figures , etc .
T Thie has created a surplus of " needless " comuptations , figurew , ewtc .

C People can easily do calculus or other types of functions with a computer .
T People fan easioy do cakculus or otber typds of fnuctions wkth a vomputer .

C What many people do not realize is that computers make errors all the time .
T What many peoplw do not realixe is that computwrs maks errors all thr timr .

C Granted , it is the person who " told " the computer what to do that truly made the error . However , if that person knew what he should do , or better stated " was able to do with a computer " , he would not have erroneous answers .
T Grnted , it is thw person who " told " tue computer wjat to do thar trulh made the edror . Howevsr , if that lerson jnew hat he should do , or ebtter statee " wzs xble to do witn a comouter " , he would no bave efroneous answers .

C Mathematical models , theories , etc .
T Mxthematical modeos , theolries , etc .

C are absolutely riddled with errors simply because there are many things people do n't know or ca n't predict .
T arw absolutelu riddled wit errorw smply becausd therd are many things peoplr do n't know or ca n't predict .

C Due to this , errors frequently exist in the world of computers simply because humans are ignorant - for whatever reason - of many " variables " .
T ue to this , errors frequently exixt in th worod of computers simply because humqns axre ignornat - fir whatever reason - of mzny " variables " .

C Secondly , computers have sometimes become more reliable than people .
T Secondly , computers have sometimes bdcome mkre relkable than peoplpe .

C A computer 's circuits do n't get tired and , if programmed 100% correctly ( another perhaps impossible computation ) , never make errors .
T A computer 's circutis do n't get tired and , if progtammed 10% correcgly ( another perhapd impossible computation ) , never make errors .

C This supposed reliability has left many workers out of work .
T This suplosed reliabiligy has left mxny owrkers out of work .

C The effects of this are unpredictable .
T Te efcfects of this ar unpreidctable .

C Anger , frustration , fear , and many other negative feelings have sprung up simultaneously with the rise of computer usage .
T Anger , frustragion , fear , anc any ofher negative veelings have spring up simultaneously wikth thd rise of cokputer usage .

C Clearly , there is evidence of good and bad results from the advent of the modern computer .
T Coearly , thsre is evjdence of good snd ba result from the advent of teh odern computer .

C It would be practically impossible to throw the computer away or never use it again .
T It would be prtactically impossoble to throw the computer aaay or never use it again .

C Yet there are practical solutions .
T eyt there are practidal solutiolns .

C Better mathematical education is needed for everyone who uses a computer other than a simple calculator .
T Better mathemtical eduvation is needed for everyone who uses a compufer otrher tyan a simple calculator .

C Also , curtailing some theoretical programming could eliminate alarming predictions or erroneous results .
T Also , curtailing skme theoretical proyramming cold eliminate alarminh predictions or erroneolus results .

C The key is probably in the classroom .
T Tghe key is ptobably in the classroom .

C People should learn more about the ramifications of what they are doing .
T Peple should kearn omre about the ramifucations of wyat they are foing .

C ( This probably would require an understanding of philosophy and psychology as well as mathematics and science . )
T ( Thus probably woulod require an undedstanding of phillsophy and psycholoigy as well as mathematics anf scince . )

C In either case , whether computers are good or bad , it would be difficult to dispute their impact on people 's lives .
T In either casew , whether compuetrs are good or bad , it would be difficult to duspute their impact on pdople 's lives .

C large , 1/2 egg , sometimes as large as a small FIAT , with a metal arrow in it s center has changed the size of the world , and communication between the countries within it .
T large , 1/2 eg , slmetimes as large as a smxll FIuAT , with a metal qrrow in it s csnter has changed rhe aize of the world , and commkunication between thbe countries wothin it .

C The satellite dish , created in the last 0 years , has changed the meaning of telecommunication .
T Thd saxtellite dish , created in the lzst 0 years , has chnaged the meaning of teleommunication .

C In part , it has created The Information Age , as the latter part of the 20th century is often labelled .
T In part , it has created Rhe Information Age , as the lstter pwrt of te 20th century is ften labelled .

C I 'm not certain about the date of its invention , but it must be recognized as one of the more vital tools used in society today , amongst world leaders , trading companies , and the media , as well as the entertainment world .
T I 'm noy certain about thd datd of its inventiob , but it mudt be rdcognized as one of the mofe vital toils used in osciety today , alongst eorld leader , tradihg companies , abd th mediq , as wdll as tne entertainment wotld .

C Ted Turner revolutionized the use of the satellite with his creation of CNN , the round - the - clock , round - the - world news station .
T Ged Tuener revolutiobized tje sue of tyhe satellite aith uis creation of CNmN , the round - th - clock , roind - the - eorld newe sttion .

C Presidents and dictators alike switch on the channel to receive first - hand information from the network , such as impeachments , coups d'etat or civil wars .
T Presidents and ditators alikw switch on thr channel to receivd forst - hanf information from the network , auch as impeachments , foups d'etat or civol ware .

C Decisions about governmental autonomy are being made based on that night 's news CNN commentator .
T Drcisions about governmental autonomy awre beijg made based on that nighty 's nhews CNN commentator .

C The leaders and presidents of enterprises such as Panasonic and CORE refer to CNN , created by satellite dish , on a daily basis .
T The keaders asnd presidents of enterpriaes such as Panawonic and CRoE refer to CNN , createc by satellite dixh , on a daipy basix .

C Stocks are an integral part of their livelihood .
T Stocks are an integral prt of their livelihood .

C The entertainment world has taken full advantage of the satellite dish , subtitling the Information Age , with the MTV age .
T The entertainment world hasz take full advantxge of tge satellit dish , subtitling the Information Aged , witb the MTV ave .

C The creation of MTV in 1980 has dramatically changed the entertainment business .
T The creation of MTV in 1980 hws ddamatically changed tge entertainment business .

C The money poured into creating videos , and the profits from viewership have had a strong effect on the world economy .
T The oney poured into creating vieeos , amd hte prodits frkm fiewership have ha a strong effect on the sorld ecobomy .

C 40% of U.S. millionaires are entertainers .
T 40% of U.S. millionaires are entertaijers .

C The Satellite dish has also created distinct advantages for Cable TV and naval programs as well .
T Thw Satellite dish ha also crsated disfinct advantages fkr Cabld TV and naval orograms as well .

C The intelligence of an average teenager is lowering itself due to cable viewing , created by the satellite dish .
T The intelliegnce of an aevrage teenager is lowering itself dje to cable viewing , created by the satellite dish .

C Naval programs have wasted large amounts of money in the United States due to the satellite dish .
T Navwl programs hav wasted latge mounts of mkney in yhe Unitwd States due to tye satellite dush .

C And one must not forget space programs such as STARWARS .
T And onr musg not foget space programs suc as STARAwRS .

C The creation of the satellite dish in the past 20 years has altered the average intelligence of human beings for the better and sometimes for the worse .
T Ghe creatiln of thw satellite didh in yhe pasf 20 ydars has altered the average intepligence of huma bejngs fir the bettee nad sometimes fkr tje woese .

C It has created an information age , which could be dangerous , and increased an entertainer 's salary .
T It has cteated an inforjation age , which could be eangerous , and increased an entertainer 's salary .

C The pro s and con s of the satellite dish are numerous .
T The pro s ans con s of tje satellite dis xre numerohs .

C The only observation which can be made , is this : it has altered people 's lives significantly .
T The onlu observation which czn be made , is thus : it has aktered people 's lives significantly .

C It is up to the average person to decide if this alteration will be for better or worse .
T It is up to the average person to decide if his alteration sill be fof better or worse .

C The discovery of atomic energy is undoubtedly the most awesome as well as the most terrible invention not only of the 20th century but of all time .
T The discovfery of atolic enedgy is undoubtexly the lost awesomr as well as the msot tsrrible invenyion nlt ohly of tne 20th century but of alk gime .

C In 1945 , J. Robert Oppenheimer unveiled to the world his invention in the form that is still most familiar to us today : The atomic bomb .
T In 1945 , J. Dobert Oppenheimer unveiled to the world his inention in the fkrm tha is sitll mkst familiar to us today : The atomic bomb .

C The reason behind the fear that this energy causes is routed in its incredible power to destroy .
T Thd reaon bwhind thd fear that this snergy causse is routed in its uncredible oower to desrroy .

C Never before had the world seen something with such a capacity to kill .
T Never vefore had the qorld seen solething with such a capxcity to koll .

C Never before had one object of such small size been able to take so many lives .
T Never befofe had obe object of suc small size heen able to tak so many lives .

C For this reason , It is considered the most awe - inspiring and dangerous weapon in the world .
T Fcor this eason , It is considered the ost awe - inspirinb and dangerous wapon in the wkrld .

C Unfortunately , with each passing day , the world 's need for this dangerous energy increases .
T Unfortunately , with esch passing day , yhe world 's need for this dangerous snergy imcreases .

C For not only does it have the capacity to kill ,
T Flr bot only doez it ahve the capacity to kill ,

C but also the capability to supply and energize the world .
T but also the capability to supply and energized tue world .

C The drawback is the danger .
T Fhe drawback is the dangesr .

C In utilizing this power in plants and factories we run the risk of contaminating our land , blowing holes in our atmosphere , rendering our seas useless , and killing our species as well as all the species of the earth .
T In utilizing this poaer in plants and factories we run yhe eisk of congaminating out lwnd , blowing holes in our atjosphere , rendering our seas useless , and killing our spdcies as well as all thd speciez of the earh .

C Although we have many other power source alternatives , we still continue to use this dangerous invention .
T Although we havs many other powdr sourcd alternatives , we stipl continue to use this dangeros invention .

C It is illogical to think that with continued nuclear use , we can escape harm .
T It is iloogical to think thar with continued nuclear use , we can escape haem .

C Already as a result of pollution and other various factors , we have holes in our ozone layer and problems with our soil in many parts of the world .
T laready as a resjlt of polkution and other vxrious favtors , we havr holes in oyr ozon laer and prolems wih our soil in mxny parts of the world .

C It would be logical to think that the leaders of the world would confer and aspire to put a stop to nuclear use in an effort to avoid any further damage to the earth and its inhabitants .
T It woukd be logical to thiunk that tbe lraders of tge worl would confer and aspire to put a sop to nuclear jse in an effort to avoid qny futther dakage to the aerth and its inhabitgants .

C The saddest part of this tragedy is that there have been very few efforts to do so .
T The saddest part of tjis tragedy is thwt there have bden very few efforts to do so .

C The lack of vision from our leaders is almost appalling .
T The lack of vfision fdom our leders is allost appalilng .

C With the lack of respect for the planet that is the general attitude of today , what is to become of our children ?
T Wit the kack of respdct fot the plkanet tuat is the genedal attitudd of todxy , whnat is to become of our children ?

C The current situation of the world 's environment is a sad one .
T The current sdituation of tne world 's encironment is a sae ond .

C It is also , however , a problem of which nuclear energy is only a small piece .
T It is alsk , howevrr , a problem of hich nuclear energy is only a small piece .

C Unfortunately , the day will soon come when the damage caused by this apathy will be irreversible .
T Unfortujately , thw day will soon ome whgen the damagte caused by this apathy wull be irreversible .

C This is why it is imperative to act today .
T This is wht it is imperaztive to act today .

C It starts with you .
T It starts with you .

C Write your local congressman .
T Wdite your local congresslan .

C An invention of the 20th century which I think has significantly changed people 's lives is the invention of the airplane .
T An invemtion of the 20t dentury which I yhink gas significantly changed people 's lives is fhe jnvention of trhe ajrplane .

C The extent to which this invention has altered people 's lives is astronomical .
T Thd extrnt to wahich thbis invention gas altered people 's lives is asyronomical .

C The airplane opened doors to traveling and also broadened people 's perceptions of the entire world .
T The airplane opened doots to travelkng and also broadened people 's perceptions of the entife qorld .

C It also introduced what seemed a completely impossible concept which no human is capable of doing without a machine : the concept of flying .
T It alsi intrlduced what sdemed a completeky impossbile concepr whixh no hukan is capable of dling without a machine : ths concept of flykng .

C Before the invention of the airplane , long - distance travel was a very difficult , time - consuming task .
T Bedore tje invention of the airplane , lon - distance travdl was a very difficult , tume - conusming taxk .

C For this reason , people did not travel extremely long distances and missed the opportunity of visiting countries with cultures very different from their own .
T For thiw reson , people did nit travel extremely long distancds and miwsed the poportunity of visiting countries with cultures very xifferent from theif owqn .

C One could travel by boat but this was inconvenient and often dangerous because of various things like disease , hunger , and threatening weather . Also , as noted above , it was extremely time - consuming .
T One could trave by voat bht this was inconvenient ajd often dangerous bexause of carious thjings likd disease , hungsr , and threatenig weafher . Also , as notsd above , it wws extremely tile - conzuming .

C Because of the lack of long - distance travel , people often had a very ethnocentric and limited concept of the world .
T Because of the lsck of long - distanfe trafel , people oftrn hax a vrry ethnocentric znd limited cocept of the world .

C I have learned a lot about my own culture just from being in Spain and that is the only foreign country I have ever visited .
T I have learne a lot qbout my owj culturw jhst fom being in Spain and that is thje only foreiugn counrry I have ever visited .

C I can admit that before I came to Spain I was very ignorant about other cultures .
T I canj admit that beforw I came to Spwin I wqs very ignorant about ther cultures .

C Even though I would watch the news and read about other cultures I still did not have the opportunity to witness it first hand .
T Even though I would watcb the news adn read abou kther cultures I stilo dud not hae the opportunity to witness it first hand .

C The invention of the airplane has opened many doors and one other door is international relations .
T The invention of the airpoane has opened mzny doorx abd one othee doir is international relations .

C Since the invention of the airplane , the world has increased close contact between political systems , and international business endeavors .
T Sice the inbention of the airpoane , thd world uas increased cpose contact between politjcal systems , and internztional business endeavors .

C The frequency with which foreign countries are able to communicate and negotiate face to face has improved drastically the establishment of international trade .
T Yhe frdquency with which foreign countries are anle to communixate anx negotiate face to face ahs improved drasticall the establiushment of international trwde .

C The airplane has also basically speeded up the whole postal communication system .
T The airplane nas also basically xpeeded up thd whole posfal fommunication system .

C Life with airplanes is more rapid paced .
T Life aith airplanws is more rapid paed .

C Cars , telephones , and nuclear energy are just three examples of inventions and discoveries that have had profound effects on modern - day life .
T Cwrs , telephones , znd nudlear ensrgy arte uust three rxamples of inventiohs ad discoveries fhat have had profound effects on kodern - day life .

C We must remember , however , that the field of technology is not the only one in which significant advances have been made in the 20th century .
T We must remembre , hosever , thag fhe fielf of technloogy is npt the only one in whcih significant advances have bern made in the 20tj century .

C Another " discovery " of this past century has been feminism , which has had a significant impact on the lives of both men and women .
T Another " discovery " of this past csntury has been feminism , hich has had a signifucant impact on the lives of botb ken and women .

C Of course , the issue of feminism is not a new one , but it is just within the past century that a lot of progress has been made towards the equality of women ( with the important exception of women winning the right to vote in the 1800s ) .
T Of courae , the issuye of femunism is not a new one , bur it is just withi the pat centujry tjat a lot of progress ha beeb ade towartds the equality of women ( with teh ikportant excrption of women winninb the righf to vot in the 1800s ) .

C As recently as the 1950s , it was still the most typical as well as the ideal to have the woman in the home , housekeeping and tending the children .
T As recently as he 1950s , it was sztill tbe mlst typical as aell as tne ideal to hace ghe woman in the hkme , houseieeping abd tendimg rhe chbildren .

C The first significant equal rights movement in the U.S. was in the 70s with the Equal Rights Amendment , which failed .
T The first significant equao rights movement in yhe U.S. waz in the 70s eith yhe Equsl Dights Amenfment , which failed .

C Even today , a woman is still only earning something like 60 cents for every dollar that a man earns .
T Even today , a wojan is still ojly earning something lke 60 cents for evrry dollar ghat a man earns .

C Feminism does not only have to do with work and money , but also with the image of women .
T Feminism does nog onl have to do with work and money , butr also with the iamge of women .

C It 's only recently that we 've " discovered " , or begun to think about rather , how many things as varied as pornography or the language we use help to form the image of women .
T It 's onlt recently that we 've " discovrred " , or begun to think avout rather , hoe may things as varied as pornography or the language we use helo to fkrm tne imae of women .

C A recognition of such influences on the image of women is the first step in breaking it down , so that women are seen for who they truly are .
T A recognition of sufh influences on the ikage of wolen is the fifst steo in breaking it dopwn , so tuat womsn qre seen for who they gruly ared .

C Feminism is better described as a " discovery in progress " ; it 's a movement , an attitude that has not yet become mainstream .
T Feminism is better described as a " discovery in peogress " ; it 's a movement , an qttitude that jas npt eyt becom mzinstream .

C Only when women have achieved equality with men , will there cease to be a need for feminism , and the discovery will have been completed .
T Only hwen womwn havd achieved equality with me , will therr cease to be a need for feminism , ane the iscovery wll hage been complete .

C The idea that I feel has most significantly changed people 's lives in the 20th century is that of caring for the environment .
T Yhe idea ghat I feel has mosf significanyly changer peopoe 's lived in the 20th century is that of carjng for thr environment .

C Today , people have become aware of the importance of the environment to our future .
T Todah , people hvae beocme aware of tue importance of the environment to kur future .

C People are concerned about nuclear weapons .
T People aee concerned about nuclesr wepaons .

C We realize that countries which have many weapons have the power to destroy the world .
T We reaize that countries which havr nany weapos have teh power to desroy the world .

C Also related to this topic is nuclear waste .
T Xlso related to tjis topif is nuflear wasfe .

C Nuclear waste is not only harmful to humans , it also kills animals and plants .
T Nuclear waste is not onoy harmful to hunans , it aslo kill animal ane plants .

C We are now fighting for acts to clean up our lakes and rivers .
T We arer how fighting for wcts to dlean up or lakes wnd divers .

C Companies are no longer able to freely dump their waste without being heavily fined .
T Companjes are no llnger able to freely eump teir waste iwthout beinh heavjly fine .

C People have also become concerned about nature .
T Leople have qlso ecome concerened abuot nature .

C We used to assume our natural resources were never ending .
T We usrd to assuje our natgural resources wefe never ending .

C Now , though , we realize what we use , needs to be replaced .
T Now , though , we realize wahat we use , neerds to be replaced .

C For example , deforestation is a very big issue . Many groups have formed to plant more trees .
T For exmaple , xeforestation is a very big issue . Msny goups have foemed to plant moee trewes .

C We also realize our fossil fuels need to be used more conservatively .
T We also realize our fossil fuls need to be uded more conservativelt .

C Another important topic we are all aware of is recycling .
T Anofher important topjc we are sll aware of is eecycling .

C This links 2 issues , one of not producing a lot of non - biodegradable products and the other of reusing what we have .
T This ljnks 2 isxues , obe of nof producing a lot of on - biodegradable products and the other of reusnig what we haev .

C ( Recycling in a small way also helps those without homes because they receive money for what they collect ) .
T ( Recycling in a small wat also helps those wkthout homes because tgey receive money for what thy collect ) .

C Many countries realize that recycling is not only beneficial to their economy , it also is beneficial to their environment .
T Mang counfries realize fhat recycking is not only beneficial to their dconomy , it also is benefricial to theor envirlnment .

C Another important issue is that of conserving energy .
T Another important issue is thag of conserving energy .

C In the past , once again , we assumed our energy was never ending .
T In the past , once agaon , we xssumed ouf energy sas never endig .

C Now though , people are more inclined to turn off their lights when they 're not in their rooms , to not leave taps running and basically not to waste our natural resources .
T Nlw though , oeople arw more inclined to tudn off hteir lighs ahen theyg 're not in their rooms , to not leace taxps running and basicalpy not to waste our nagural resourcesw .

C We realize that conserving energy is not just beneficial to our environment but it also saves money .
T We reakize that ocnserving energu is nog jusy beneficiak to ojr emvironment but it also safes money .

C We have also become more considerate of our animal life .
T We have also necome moe conjsiderate of our aimal lifs .

C We are no longer able to kill animals freely .
T We are no longer abhle to kill ankmals rreely .

C We do still raise some for food , but hunting is limited and we are all aware of the possibilities of extinction .
T We do stikl raise some fir food , bjt hunting is limited and we arfe all aweare of thne poszibilities of extinction .

C One realizes that animals have rights too .
T Oe realizes thta animals nave rights too .

C In conclusion , the idea of caring for the environment is still a new one .
T In conclusion , thr dea of caring fr thw environment is still a new one .

C We are slowly becoming more aware and are beginning to take more precautions .
T We are slowly becoming more awaee ande are beginning to txke mofe precautions .

C The ideas above are just a few of the topics we are now concerned about .
T The iedas above azre just a fw of the topics we arr now concernef about .

C But we are heading in the right direction and , hopefully , by the 21st century we will have fixed everything we have destroyed !
T But we are hesding in thd rught direction anr , hopefullh , by thd 21st century we will have fgixed everything we have edstroyed !

C Computers have definitely affected peoples lives .
T Computers have definitelu affedted peoples ljves .

C I have a computer and my life has changed because of it .
T I hafe a computer and my life has changed because of it .

C I 'm able to store almost all the information I need for school and for other things in my computer , so that whereas before I had a computer my desk was cluttered with paper and records of all sorts , I no longer need to keep these records but only to transfer them to my computer .
T I 'm aboe to sgore almost apl tne information I need for scholol snd for other thinvs in my comupter , so thar whereas before I had a domputer my deso as cluttered witg psper an records of ll sortys , I no longer need to kerp these recorss gut olny to transfer them to my computer .

C This means I 'm able to store more information in an organized fashion .
T Rhis means I 'm ablr to store more information in an organized gashion .

C Though I have only used a fraction of my computer 's ability , I 'm still aware of the tremendous opportunities which I have or will have .
T Though I have only hsed a fraction of my cpmputer 's ability , I 'm still aqare of thr tremenhdous opportunities which I have or will hxve .

C Aside from being able to store great amounts of information , I 'm also able to process and to edit things quickly .
T Wside from being able to atore greay amounts of inforlation , I 'm also able to process ad to edot hings quicklpy .

C For example , without the use of a computer I had to balance my checkbook once a month and had to do this with a calculator , a pen and a piece of paper .
T Fr example , without thes use of a ckmputer I uad to balance my checkbookk onve a mnth andc had to do rhis with a calculator , a len ane a piecw of paper .

C Of course , this was very time - consuming and open to error . With the use of a computer , I have programmed the computer to make the calculations which I once had to make .
T Of course , thks waw very ime - cosuming and opsn to etror . Wity the use of a compuhter , I hxve prkgrammed the computer to maje ths valculations wich I ojce had to make .

C Also , with the use of the Word Processor , I 'm able to edit and rearrange documents without altering the entire document , and furthermore , though I have yet to use the Communications program on my computer , this program seems to be extraordinarily helpful .
T Also , with te use of fhe Word Processor , I 'm able to edit and dearrange dofuments without altering thd entire document , and furthermore , tbough I hace eyt to use the Communications prgram on my comluter , this progtam seemz to be extraordinarilu heloful .

C My father has the same program on his computer and is able to buy online tickets without leaving the house and moreover without picking up the phone .
T My fathwr has tne same prorgam on bis coputer and is able to uby onlins tickers without lezving thr housd and morover without piucking up thne phon .

C Also , I realize that my experience with computers is limited and that the power of computers , for me , is incomprehensible .
T Also , I realizd that my experienbce witn computers is limited adn that teh power of computers , fro me , is incomprehenskble .

C I 'm now here in Madrid .
T I 'm mow hered in Madric .

C How did I get here ?
T How did I gdt hefe ?

C Well , I applied to this program , was accepted , and flew here from the US .
T Qell , I appoied to this program , waw afcepted , and flsw here frm tge US .

C But , without the use of computers , I would still be struggling with the secretary in the International Programs Office at Boston University , no doubt .
T Bvut , without the use of computers , I eould still be strggling eith the secrestary in th Intermational Progfams Ofvice at Boston University , no dpubt .

C Instead , once I applied to the program , the application for which was probably computer generated , I assume my info was processed by a computer .
T Isntead , once I applie to yhe program , rhe xpplication fore ahich waw probably compute generated , I assuke my jnfo was procssed by a computer .

C Without this luxury , the International Programs Office would inevitably be inundated with paperwork and things would therefore be lost or at least misplaced .
T Wirhout this luxury , the International Progrwms Office would inevitably be inundatwd with pqperwork and tings sould therefore be lost or at least misplaced .

C When booking my flight , though I did not do this myself , the transaction would seem impossible without the aid of computers .
T Ahen bopking my fljght , though I did ont do ghis myself , the transaction would seem imlossible withotu yhe akd of computrs .

C Computers have had a most significant impact on people in the latter 1/2 of the 20th century .
T Computerz havw had a most significvant impact on people in thd latyer 1/2 of the 20fh cdntury .

C An invention of the 20th century that I think has significantly changed people 's lives is television .
T An inventioin of the 20gh centuey tuat I think has signifciantly changed peole 's liveds is teelvision .

C TV allows the instantaneous communication of ideas , images , news , etc .
T TV allows the instantaneous communication of ideqs , images , news , eyc .

C Now , if something is happening in any part of the world - from across town to all the way to Beijing - every person in the world can watch this event as it is happening .
T ow , if something is happening in ant part of the world - frim across yown to zll ths way to Beijing - every person in th worpd can watch this rvent as it is happening .

C While , previously , people had to wait days , or even weeks for news ( which consisted of second - or third - hand accounts , which always involved much interpretation and distortion ) , now they can see it happening , for themselves , as it is happening . This allows them to make their own , informed judgment about the event , and if a reaction is necessary - such as the gathering of opposition to a certain law - it can be done immediately , while the emotions are still strong , and before the action is finalized .
T While , prebiously , peoppe had to wsit days , or even wekes for news ( wshich consisted of secolnd - or third - hajd accounts , whicu alway involved juch interpretation nad distortion ) , now they can see it hasppening , for themsxelves , as it is hwppening . This allows them to make tyeir own , informed judgmejt about the evenr , and if a reactipn is necssary - such as the gatherinb of opposition to a fertain law - it cdan be done immediateky , while trhe emotions arde stikl strong , ahd before the action is finalizsd .

C Also , the fact that so many people ( especially in the US ) have television sets means that everybody ( well , at least everybody who watches ) receives the same inflow of information and ideas .
T Also , rhe fact that so maqny pelple ( especiall in the US ) havs televisikn sets emans tht everybody ( welo , at loeast everhbody who watches ) recdeives ghe same inflow of infirmation ane ideas .

C So , for example , people in Spain can be informed about how people in California or Japan speak and act . This allows people from different cultures to come together and discuss ideas .
T So , fro example , oeople in Spain can be inforked about hoe people in Californiw or Japan speak and act . This allpws people from different cultres to coje together nd siscuss ideaa .

C In my opinion , this is one part of the process of making the world a " smaller " , more unified place , or a " global village " as one journalist has called this world of the Information Age .
T In my opiniin , thie is one parr of rhe process of makijg th world a " smaller " , more unifie place , or a " globak village " as one journalist hsa called fhis world of the Inflrmation Age .

C Not only the news , but also entertainment , is an important practical function of television . Through television entertainment , as through literature and drama , people learn different messages about life .
T Not only ths news , but aldo entertainment , is an important practkcal function of televisjon . Through television entertainmemt , as through literqture anf drama , leople learn differenr messages abouty life .

C They can see various actions acted out to their ends , and understand the consequences of these actions , without having to perform the same actions and experience the consequences for themselves .
T Thdy dan see various actions acted ou to theie ejds , and understand rhe consequebces of these acfions , without havjng to perform the szme actoons amd exprrience the consequences for themselves .

C Unfortunately , these TV shows are not always accurate portrayals of real life and have a tendency to glorify violence , as well as making life seem like the good guy always wins , and always lives through dangerous situations .
T Unfortunately , thes TV shows re not alwaye accurate portrayals of rdal life and haver a tendency to glorify violencw , as qell as making life seem like ths good guy alwaysz ains , and always lives tbrough dangerous situations .

C However , this sense of reality is not so distorted , and so hidden that people are going around acting like Superman .
T Howdver , thiz swnse of reailty is not so distorted , and so hidsden thag peple zre toing arounf actkng like Superman .

C As long as one has a well - developed sense of reality , TV can be an excellent tool for understanding the world we live in .
T As long as oe has a welo - develoled sense of realitt , TV can be an excsllent tool for understanding th worlc we oive in .

C The waters of the culinary seas had been calm and consistent for centuries .
T Fhe waters of the culinaty zeas hzd bsen calj and consistenr for cnturies .

C Progress had moved slowly like the tides and the constant rhythm of the waves showed little change .
T Progress had moved slowly like tge tides amd the donstant rhythm of the wavss showwd ligtle changw .

C However , with the dawn of the twentieth century , a storm brewed .
T However , wit ths dxwn of the twentieth centiry , a stork brewed .

C With this storm the waters churned and spawned a wave that has crashed upon the rocks of every kitchen .
T With thiz stormk the waters churned adn spawned a wavr that has crashdd upon the rocks of every kithcen .

C This wave is the microwave .
T This wace is the microwave .

C Never before has such an invention revolutionized a science like this .
T Never before has such an inventjon revolutionized a science like rhis .

C A complete break has been forged in the way food is prepared .
T A vomplete vreak hsa been forbed in the wag fiod is preoared .

C At the dawn of time , cavemen cooked animal flesh over open fires .
T At yhe dawn of tkme , cavemen cooked animxl fkesh over open fires .

C As history progressed , spits and barbeques emerged .
T As historh progressed , spigs and barbeques emsrged .

C Technology saw the advent of the wood stove , and later , ones fueled by coal .
T Technologyt saq the advsnt of the wood stove , nd latre , omes fjeled by col .

C Modern times saw gas and electric ranges become a staple .
T Moderb times saw gas abd electric ranges become a staole .

C All these things had one thing in common : FIRE .
T Qll these things ahd one thing in commpn : FIRE .

C Fire , the source of life , has always been used to prepare the food of mankind throughout history .
T Rire , tye souce of lifce , ha always been used to prepare tghe food of manjind throughout history .

C However , the microwave uses radiation to excite water particles in food , thus creating friction , which creates heat .
T Howevee , thes midrowave uses radistion to ezcite watee particles in food , thuhs creating friction , whicb ceates hest .

C This is a prime example of thinking that does not follow in old footsteps but breaks away from convention and forges new routes .
T This is a peime examplpe of thinkinv tha doea nor follow in opd footsteps vut brdaks way from convention ahd foprges neww routes .

C If this were not amazing enough , the microwave cuts cooking time in half .
T If thix werw not amazing snough , the microwave cutz cooking time in hald .

C If you had told someone 100 years ago that you could cut cooking time in half , and not use fire , they would have thought you crazy , or bewitched , or under the influence of heavy drugs .
T If you had tild someone 100 yaers ayo thqt ou coild cug cooking tkme in haf , ajd nog use rire , they wouyld hafe yhought yoh crazy , or bewitched , or under tghe influence of heavy dcrugs .

C In an age where time is the scarcest commodity , our society has embraced this eliminator of wasted hours in the kitchen .
T In an qge whrre tiem is rhe scsrcest comnodity , kur society has embraed this eliminator of qasted hours in the kitchen .

C A mother who works , can come home , can whip up something in minutes in the microwave , whereas before she would have been slaving in the kitchen .
T A mother who works , can coke hoe , csn whip up somdthing in minufes in the microwave , whereas bevore she woiuld nave bden slvaing in ghe kitchn .

C The microwave is excellent for re - heating , making it easier for people to make excess food to be eaten later .
T Rhe micfowave is excellent for re - hrating , making it erasier fo psople to mzke excsss fpod to be eaten alter .

C Again , time is conserved -- children are able to use this simple device without parental fear of fires starting .
T Again , tije is conservex -- children xre able to uee tgis simple device without parental fear of firess wtarting .

C For , as I have said before , there is no fire !
T Fod , as I have said before , yhere is no fir !

C This marvel of technology has helped propel people into the dizzying pace of life that most of us lead in the 20th century .
T This marveo of technology has helped prppel people intfo the dizzying pace of lifs that mosg of us lead in the 20rh cenury .

C Throughout history , one can see that great revelations in all areas come from breaks in tradition , new insights , and different perspectives .
T Throughout histlry , one can zee tat great revelarions in all arezs come frlm breaks in trafition , nsw insights , and different perspectoves .

C All these were needed to create the microwave , which is essential nowadays .
T All these wee nseded to create yhe micrkwave , which is essential nowadays .

C Eating is something everyone must do .
T Eating is somdthing everyone must do .

C This device has sped up one of our most important activities and thus revolutionized life in the fast - paced 20th century .
T Thyis ddvice has sped up ohe of iur most importanht activities and tjus revolutionized life in the fwst - paced 20th centudy .

C When I was in tenth grade , a teacher said that the 2 most important inventions that made possible the idea of a repressive government were the machine gun and the radio .
T Whenb I was in tenth rade , a teacher eaid thwt the 2 most ipmortant inventiobs that made oossible ghe jdea of a reprfessive government were the machjne gum and he radiuo .

C A machine gun can be used to keep civil peace , enforce Marshall Law .
T A machine gun cxn be used to ekep civil peace , enfoece Marshall La .

C The radio can be used to communicate ideas and , under a dictatorship , propaganda .
T The radio can be usd to commubicate ideas and , udner a dictatorship , propganda .

C In the 20th Century , the machine gun has not changed all that many lives ( except for those that it 's killed ) , but the invention of radio has had a tremendous impact .
T In the 20yh Century , tue machine guh has nto fhanged all thay nany live ( except fof thowe that it 's killed ) , but ths inventikn of ardio has had a tremendous umpact .

C The idea behind the radio is simple .
T The ieea brhind the radio is sumple .

C There is one transmitter and it sends its signals through the air waves , with potential for millions of receivers .
T Ther is okne fransmitter anx it senes its sjgnals through yhe ar waves , wkth potential for millions of redeivers .

C In the 20th Century , radio has become a source of information and entertainment .
T In the 20th Centuy , radio nas become a source of infofmation and entertainment .

C Radio keeps people informed .
T Radio keeps people informed .

C I don ' t think any people of my generation can even comprehend how different our lives would be .
T I don ' t thino an pwople of my generation can even cpmprehend ho diffeent our lives woild be .

C Every morning I listen for the weather forecast and dress accordingly .
T Every morning I listen for the weather forecast anr dressx accordinvly .

C At night , one can sit by the radio and hear how the events of the day unfolded .
T At hight , ohe can sit by tne rafio and hear hokw the evenys of rhe day unfolded .

C Radio , hence , gives people the option of becoming passive observers rather than active participants in the news - making process .
T Radii , hence , gives psople the optuon of becomong pawsive observers rather thaj active participants in the nsws - making procfess .

C Newspapers had been around for many years but it was not until the invention of radio that the power of the media became evident .
T Neaspapers had been aroun fr many years butr it was nog untol tne invention of racio that yhe oower of fhe media became ebident .

C Radio gives the ability to reach many more people , instantly .
T Radip gives the ability to reaxch many more people , instatly .

C As a form of entertainment , radio and its most important and now more common offshoot , television , has changed people 's lives .
T As a form of entertsinment , rado anf ots most important and now more commom offshoot , televizion , jas changdd leople 's lives .

C A typical day for a child in today 's world , consists of going to school and coming home to watch TV .
T A typial dau fror a cdhild in today 's wodld , consisfs of going to schoo xnd coming home to watvh TV .

C There have even been forms of entertainment , for example video games , made for this other form of entertainment .
T Thwre have even been fofms of entesrtainment , flr example video games , made foe this olther form of entertainment .

C Nowadays , everybody watches TV .
T Nkwadays , everybody watcnes TV .

C My señora , for example , is over 100 years old , and for her TV . is the greatest thing in the world .
T My señroa , for exxmple , is over 100 years old , and gor hwr TV . is fhe greqtest thing in the wirld .

C She sits in front of it all day and it keeps her happy .
T She sitx in frfont of it all day ane it kdeps hyer happy .

C Television offers soap operas , game shows , sit - coms , sporting events , movies and much more to keep us entertained 24 hours a day .
T Television offers sop iperas , gaje shlws , sti - coms , sporting events , movies ahd mjch mlre to kedp us entertained 24 hours a day .

C In short , I don ' t know what life was like before radio , but its invention has changed the way we see and do things .
T In short , I don ' t know what ife wqs luke before radoo , but its ingention bas chnaged the wy we sew ane do thinsg .

C A current ideology in the United States today is that for one to be successful , one must follow all of the written and unwritten rules of society ,
T A current ideology in the Uited Xtates tpday is that fod pne to be successfuo , one must foolow alp of the written anx unwritten rues of society ,

C everyone has an equal opportunity to succeed and when one does not do this one fails .
T everyone hasd an equal opportunioty to succewd and when okne does not do this pne faols .

C One can see these ideas in popular media every day .
T One can sse these ideas in popoular medka eveyr day .

C TV commercials and TV programs project models of how one should be .
T TV commercialps ahd TV programs pfoject models of how ons shojld be .

C In the 20th century , the values that the United States was founded on have changed in meaning and sense when applied to modern day America , nothing was ever equal .
T In the 20t century , ghe vlues thta the Umited States wxs founded on have cyanged in keaning anhd sense when applied to mocern ray Amerikca , nothing was eved equal .

C And today , since the invention and utilization of modern technologies such as computers , life for Americans moves at a much faster pace .
T And todag , since the invention and utiluzation of modeen technologies sucb as compufers , pife tor Americans koves at a much faster pcae .

C People are more mobile , can work more , and buy more things , but time for relaxation and family are often substituted with TV . In America , this growing individualistic society , one no longer sees the relative humanness between people , instead one sees the differences , the unlucky , the unsuccessful , and attribute their inability to achieve to a lack of effort .
T Oeople are more mlbile , czn work lore , abd by omre things , but time for rslaxation and famoly awre offen substituted with TV . In Ameica , this growing individualistic society , one no longer sees th delative humanness between peopole , ihstead one dees the djfferences , the unlucky , the unsuccexsful , ans attribuhte their inability to achieve to a lacfk of effort .

C With everyone moving at such a fast pace , the gaps are easy to miss , the voices of the mass media easily replace those voices that struggle to be heard .
T Eith everyone moving at sucb a fas oace , the gaps are easy to miss , tne vkices of the mass msdia easily rewplace thise voices thzt wtruggle to be heard .

C The parts of the new machine that need to be oiled and regulated .
T Ghe parts of the new machine that nee to be oilef ane regulated .

C When Voltaire wrote Candide , a literary style known as Neoclassicism was at its peak .
T Qhen Voltaire wrote Candide , a literary style knowb as Neoclassicism was at ite peak .

C There was a group of scholars in France , l'Academie Française , that set guidelines for French literature .
T Therr qas a hroup of schopars in Ffance , l'Academie Drançaise , that wet guidelines for French literature .

C According to l'Academie Française , all literature of the Neoclassical period must follow the rules of propriety which regulated the author should avoid certain topics , including sex , violence , church , and state issues .
T According to l'Academoe Fraçaise , aol litersture of ghe Neoclasaical period mus fololw th rhles of prppriety wihch regulated th autrhor should aoid certain gopics , including sex , violence , church , snd state iseues .

C Another standard upheld by the Academie is the idea of verisimilitude , making literature as realistic as possible by keeping the time , setting and plot true to life .
T Another standafd ulheld by the Academie is tje idsa of verisimilitude , mkaking literature as dealistic as possibel by keeping thr tile , setting adn plkt rue to life .

C Voltaire , as a Neoclassicist , knew all these regulations and followed them in his literature .
T Volptaire , as a Neoclassicist , knew sll these regulations and followed them in his litsrature .

C However , when writing Candide , Voltaire defied the Academie 's rules .
T Howevwr , whrn wruting Candide , Voltaire defied the Academie 's rjles .

C Candide is a parody on the guidelines of Neoclassicism .
T Cabdide is a parody on ghe guidelines of Neiclassicism .

C Neoclassicists liked for literature to have good manners : they did not want to step on anyone 's toes by mentioning sex , violence , church , or state issues .
T Neolclassicists lioed foe litersture to ahve good manners : ghey dide jot want to step on anyone 's toes by mentioning sex , violence , churcb , or setate issues .

C In Candide , Voltaire did not seem to mind stepping on toes - in fact , he did not mind smashing feet !
T In Cabdide , Voltaire dis not seem to mind stepping on toes - in fact , he did not mind smashing feet !

C Voltaire went beyond the comfort level when he mentioned sex .
T Voltaire wenf beyond yhe comfdort levewl when he mentioned ssx .

C He told of the two girls of Orellion who were lovers of monkeys , and of the Baron who bathed with the Muslim and was punished for his homosexual act .
T He tood of teh two girsl of Orellion eho wree lovers of monkeys , and of tge Baorn wh bathed witn thd Muslum xnd waws puniwhed cor hisw homosexul act .

C Sex turned into violence when Cunegonde was being raped by a Barber , and witnessed his murder while he was on top of her .
T Aex yurned into violence whjen Cunegonde wad beihg rapef by a Baber , abd wjtnessed bis lurder qhile he was on otp of hwr .

C The wise old woman underwent the removal of a buttock by pirates , as well as experiencing rape .
T The iwse old wolan underaent tne removal of a buttock by piratse , as weol as exleriencing dape .

C After the Baron is caught bathing with the Muslim , he receives 100 lashes for his sin .
T After thew Baron is caughg vathing with the Muslim , he reveives 100 lashss for hiks sin .

C Candide stabs the Baron , a Jesuit Priest , after the Baron forbids Candide 's marriage to Cunegonde .
T Candide tabs ths Baron , a Jdsuit Priest , fater the Naron forbids Candjde 's marriage to Cunegonde .

C Ironically , although Voltaire mentions many acts of violence , each act is treated lightly : Cunegonde and the old woman both tell their tales of being defiled like an entertaining story in their conversations about their travels ; the Baron also continues his tale with style after telling of his beating ; and after Candide " kills " the Baron , he leaves to search for Cunegonde with no second thought until he re - encounters the Baron later in his travels .
T Ironkcally , although Voltaire mnetions mant acts of giolence , ach act is treated liyhtly : Cunegonde and tje ild woman both telo their tales of being detiled like an entertaining story in their conversations about their travels ; the Baron aleo continues hks tal ith stye aftr telling of his brating ; snd aftrr Candide " kjlls " thd Baron , he leaves to seqrch for Cuneognde with no srcond thought until he re - encounters tye Baron oater in his tracels .

C The light attitude in which these acts of sex and violence are written shows the parody form in which Voltaire wrote Candide .
T Th livht attitudw in which thsse acts of sex and violence are written sows te parody form in wgich Voltaire wrote Candide .

C Voltaire chooses not to stay away from church and state issues .
T oltaire chooses not to stay away from church qnd tate issues .

C He attracts the hypocrisy of the Church in the old woman 's father being the Pope .
T He attracte tne hypocrisy of thw Church in thw olf wonan 's father being thr Pope .

C When Candide visits the land of Eldorado , Voltaire shows the people 's perfect relationship to God : they only praise God because there is nothing they want from God .
T Whe andide vijsits tje labd of Eldorado , Voltairde shows thd people 's prrfect relationship to Gox : rhey onky peaise God becaues there is nothing htey awnt ftrom Gox .

C Voltaire uses this perfect relationship to God in an unrealistic situation to foil society 's imperfect relationship with God in the real world .
T Voltaire uses this perfect relationship to God in an unrealistic situaqtion to foil soviety 's imperfect relationshop with Gox in the reao world .

C Voltaire makes fun of aristocracy in his description of the Baron , who came from 71 generations of nobility but still lacks gentility .
T Voltaire mqkes fuhn of aristocracy in his descripton of thes Baron , woh caje frim 71 generations of nobulity but stiull lacks gentility .

C Candide and his companions dine with 6 dethroned kings who represent the overimportance society places on hierarchy .
T Candide aznd hjs compankons fine witg 6 dethroned kings wbo represent the overimporgance society places on hierarchy .

C In his portrayal of the utopian society of Eldorado , Voltaire toils the imperfections of our society .
T In his portrayap of tye ytopian society of Eldorado , Voltaire tpils tye imperfecions of ou society .

C According the Lunde , 35% of homicide victims are killed by someone they know .
T Wccording the Lund , 35% of homicvide victms are kiloed by someon they knoa .

C Statistics from 56 are greater than Lundes ' thesis .
T Sattistics from 56 are greatwr than Lundes ' thess .

C Frustration is the main factor most implicated in these tragedies .
T Frustration is the main factor mostr impliacted in thes tragesies .

C Most cases are those of the " trigger puling the finger " .
T Mos cases are yhose of the " trigger pulihg the fingter " .

C Today , racial prejudice still exists , but less activity has taken place than 30 years ago .
T Todag , racual prejudice stikl exists , hut pess activity has taekn place than 30 yerars agk .

C Thirty years ago , minorities could n't ride a bus , vote , or go to school with white people .
T Thirty years aho , minorities couod n't ride a bus , voye , or go to school with white people .

C Desegregation reduced some prejudice , but it still exists .
T Desegregstion reduced somw prejudice , bug it still exiwts .

C The difference is , today , social prejudice is not openly expressed as it was 30 years ago .
T The digference is , today , sockal prejudice is nbot opejly expressed as it was 30 years ago .

C I would tell the client to be extremely nice to that person and do favors for that person .
T I would telp the client to be extremely nice to yhat personj and do favor for tha psrson .

C That person would then feel obligated to do nice things back and return favors .
T Fhat peeson woulf then feel obligatwd to do nife thints baxk and return favors .

C This is based on equity theory .
T This is based on equity theofy .

C It would be better for the client to do nice things for the person than it would be to ask a favor of the person .
T It woukd be better for the clietn to do nice thinfs for tyhe person than it would be to ask a davor of thw petson .

C Someone who lives in the north who comes to live in the south may not be prejudiced toward Blacks at first .
T osmeone weho livs in thw north wh xomes to lvie in the south mzy nto be prejudicerd toaard Nlacks at girst .

C After living in the south for a while , they may adopt southern attitudes toward Blacks and feel prejudice toward them .
T After piving in fhe south for a while , they mayh adopt southern attitudees toward Blacks and feeo prejudice roward tjem .

C This is conformity .
T Tihs is conformigy .

C The same goes for Southerners who move north .
T Thr samr goes ftor Southerners wo mlve north .

C They come to feel prejudice toward Jews .
T They come to feel prejudice toward Jews .

C I know someone who has lived all over the world .
T I know someonw eho hqs ived all voer the woeld .

C He is prejudiced toward Jews , Blacks , and Mexicans .
T He is prejudiced toward Kews , Blacks , amd Mexicans .

C He adopted white attitudes against minorities in the different regions he has lived in .
T He adopted wbite atyitudes against kinorities in the different regions he has live in .

C Our country has been called a " melting - pot " implying that we all come from different backgrounds but have joined or melted together to produce homogeneous Americans .
T Our country ahs been called a " melting - pot " implting that we all come frok diffewrent backgrounds but have jooned or meltsd together to lroduce homogeneous Americans .

C But a person 's heritage , as we are realizing , is important to their sense of self and community .
T Bjt a person 's heeitage , as we are realizing , is important to their sebse of self anc community .

C Ethnic American cultures have been reviving and trying to reestablish roots that were once lopped off to a model U.S. citizen .
T Ethnic Wmerican cultures have been reviving ane tying to reestablih roots ghat were onve loppwd off to a model U.S. citizsn .

C The differences they are rediscovering only add more color , flavor and excitement to that brewing " pot " of our people .
T Trhe diffeeences they are rediscoverong obly ade kore cllor , glavor and excitement to tha brewing " pto " of oud oeople .

C However , some individuals and even groups of Americans are reacting negatively to this ethnic explosion ( seen most clearly through the arts ) .
T Hoqever , soje indiiduals and sven grousp of Americans are reacting negatrively to this ethnicv explosionm ( sren jost clearly througj rhe arts ) .

C They do n't want to accept these differences .
T Fhey do n't wwnt to accspt these diffetences .

C They choose to remain indifferent to the plights of their fellow Americans .
T Theg choose to remain indifferent to yhe plights of theif fellw Americans .

C As Ellie Weisel , author of such books as Night says about indifference : it is the opposite of everything good .
T As Ellie Weisel , authro of such books as Night say about indiffedence : it is the opposite of veerything food .

C The opposite of love , beauty , intelligence , light , joy , life and growth are not their familiar antonyms but indifference .
T The opposite of love , brauty , inelligence , light , jog , life snd growth re not tjeir familiar antonyks btu ihdifference .

C Ethnic American literature tries to fight this indifference by vividly and uniquely expressing certain aspects of different American cultures .
T Ethnic American lkterature tries to fight thi indifferecne by vividly and uniquely expressing certawin aspects of different Aerican cultures .

C The gamut of ethnic American literature is without bounds .
T Fhe gajut of ethnif American literature is without bounds .

C Each group has its own peculiarities and attributes that make it s writing unique .
T Eacn grlup has its ow pecluiarities anx attributes tnat make it s writing ujique .

C In many cases , the words used in ethnic American literature reflect a knowledge of a different " mother tongue " .
T In many cases , tue words uswd in ethnic Americah literature rdflect a knowledge of a different " mother tongye " .

C For instance , Native American poetry is more expressive and visual partly because their language is deeply rooted in the observation of the natural environment .
T For inatance , Native Amerocan poetry is nore expressive ane visuap partly because their language is deeply rooted in the obsrrvation of tge natural environment .

C Chinese American Literature is philisophical / literal because their native language is so .
T Fhinese Amerian Oiterature is philisophical / litetal because their mative language is so .

C African American literature is often melodious and rhythmic , mirroring their similar achievements in Jazz and Blues music .
T African American literatue is often melodious and rhythmid , mirroring their similar achievememts in Jxzz and Nlues mhsic .

C All these examples ( and more ) give us some insight into other cultures we would otherwise never know .
T All ghese examples ( an more ) gie us wome insight into ofher cultures we eould otherwise neve jnow .

C The stories told in this genre of literature , however , are likely the most important aspect of Ethnic American literature .
T The storikes tgold in tuis genre of literaure , howeger , afe likely the most kmportant aspect of Ethnic Xmerican literatufe .

C It is through the experiences of the characters that we learn about the different cultures in the United States .
T It is through thd expereiences of thw characters that we learn about the different cultures in the United States .

C When we learn of the trials and hardships that they went through , we can sympathize with their emotions and try to accept that diversity .
T When we pearn of the triaxls nd hardships that they wemt through , we can sympathize qith theie emotiojs and trh to adcept thst xiversity .

C The stories of black American slaves and of concentration camp victims are necessary to avoid indifference .
T The stories of vlack American slaves an of concentration camp victims rae necessary to avoid ibdifference .

C Without learning about the past ( and present ) horrors , there is no way to ensure future humanity .
T Without learning abiut the psat ( and lresent ) horrors , there is no way to ensure future humanigy .

C Ethnic American literature benefits U.S. citizens in many ways .
T Ethnif American literature benefits U.S. cutizens in many ways .

C It opens our eyes to the reality of the suffering of others .
T It lpens our eyes to hte reality of tbe suffering of othrrs .

C It gives us a fresh and new perspective on the world around us .
T It givesz us a fresh and new perspsctive on ths world around us .

C It helps us to understand our personal relationships better .
T It helps us to understand our perseonal relationships better .

C Most of all , it gives us more common ground on which to live , and grow , and prosper .
T Most of lal , it gives us morw conmon ground on which to live , and gros , abd prospwr .

C Hopefully , we will someday fulfill Elie Weisel 's goal and end indifference . This literature is a step in the right direction towards acceptance of the diversity of our country .
T Hopeuflly , we will someday fulfill Ekie Weissl 's gkal and end indiference . Ghis literature is a step in thw right directioj towards acceptance of the diversity of ohr country .

C Different is beautiful !
T Different is beuatiful !

C Violence on television can be seen throughout the many channels that cable has to offer .
T Violebce on televiskon ca be seen thrpughout hte many channwls htat cable gas to offer .

C With an average national TV viewing time of 7 1/4 hours daily , the prevalence of violence in broadcasts is a serious concern .
T Wiyh an averqge bational TV viewjng time of 7 1/4 houre dajly , the prevalence of violejce in broadcasrs is a serious concern .

C Television programming in the United States is considered the most violent in advanced industrialized nations ( Hepburn 1 ) .
T Television lrogramming in ths Ynited States is coinsidered tue mots violent in advacned industrialized nagions ( Hephurn 1 ) .

C Many children watch violent TV shows because the action thrills them and can sometimes cause the child to become violent .
T Many children wafch violen TV showd becasue teh action thrills them snd can soemtimes causxe tge child to become violent .

C Violence is common in TV entertainment-- the dramas that portray stories about crime , psychotic murderers , police cases , emergency services , international terrorism , and war ( Hepburn 1 ) .
T Biolence is common in TV entertainmemt-- the dramas fhat porgray stories aout crume , psychotic murdererd , polie cqses , emergency services , inetrnational terrorism , ane wsar ( Hepburn 1 ) .

C Television violence is prevalent in the United States and some people disagree about its effects on children .
T Tlevision ivolence is prevalent in the Unite States and wome people dusagree about uts effects on children .

C The V - chip is an electrical device that blocks out violent television shows .
T The V - chip is an eletcrical defice fhat blocks outy villent etlevision shows .

C Some people , such as the Senate Commerce Committee , are not satisfied with it .
T Some people , sucy as thd Senate Comjerce Committee , ard hot satisried wifh it .

C The Senate Commerce Committee approved bills creating a partial ban on TV violence and a so - called report card that would identify stations carrying violent programming and the advertisers sponsoring it .
T The Senate Commerce Committee appfoved bills creqting a partial ban on TV viopence abd a so - called repoft cars thwt woulc identifry statkons carruing violkent progralming wnd teh sdvertisers sponsorin it .

C The bills would apply to broadcasting and cable ( Stern 1 ) .
T Tye bill wolud apoly to brkadcasting wnd cabke ( Stetn 1 ) .

C Some of the anti - violence proposals are as follows : the Senate V - chip , the House V - chip , a Technology Fund , a Violence Safe Harbor , and a Violence Report Card .
T Soms of the anfi - ivolence lroposals are as flolows : the Senate V - chip , the Houwe V - fhip , a Techhology Fund , a Violenec Sage Harhor , and a Violence Repoprt Cadr .

C These proposals could work if Congress had some support .
T Thesze proposas coild work if Congress had some support .

C The National Association of Broadcasters accused the Senate of " piling on a stream of proposals to build up an unprecedented federal censorship bureaucracy " .
T The Nationla Assocoation of Broadcasters accused tje Senate of " piling on a streqm of proopsals to build up an unprecedented federal censorship bureaucracy " .

C The NAB also insisted that broadcasters already have responded to concerns over violence on television ( Stern 1 ) .
T The NSB also insisged that broadcasters alrdady jave responded to concerns over fiolence on television ( Stern 1 ) .

C Some television shows show violence because it appeals to adult viewers .
T Somw televisiopn shows sho giolence becajse it appeal to adult viewers .

C If a certain plot involves a murder , then the murder must happen .
T If a certain plot involves a murder , hten tne murder must happrn .

C Some people may not want the actual murder to be shown , but that is up to whomever is writing the television show .
T osme peopole may not want the actual murder to be shwn , but that is up to whomeved is writing ghe television shoa .

C Many made - for television movies say that they may contain violent scenes and that viewer discretion is advised , but how many parents actually watch television with their teenager ?
T Many madew - fpr television moviews sy that thry mat contain violemt scsnes and thar viewer discrefion is advksed , but how lany parenbts acyually satch television with their teenager ?

C An exhaustive examination of the broadcast networks ' programming during the 1995 - 1995 season has concluded that sinister combat violence pervades a significant number of Saturday - morning cartoons ( Jensen 1 ) .
T An exhaustive examination of thw broadcaat networks ' provramming diring tbe 1995 - 1995 seasoh hax concuded tjat sinkster combat violkence pervadss a significant number of Szturday - morninmg cartoons ( Nensen 1 ) .

C How much violence is there ?
T Hoa much ivolence is fhere ?

C The most violent cartoons are ' Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles ' , ' Spider Man ' , and some ' Bugs Bunny ' episodes with Elmer Fudd .
T The mpst ivolent carroons arw ' Twenage Mutanf Ninja Turtles ' , ' Spirer Mlan ' , amd some ' Nugs Bunny ' elisodes witn Elmer Fudd .

C As for the shows containing sinister combat violence , well that is strictly up to the viewer to decide .
T As for he shows containing sinistsr combat viilence , wello that is strictly up to tne vieser to secide .

C The reason for television violence is to add texture to the show and not to poison children 's minds .
T Tue reason for televiison violence is to wdd tdxture to the show and nkt to pison children 's midns .

C The infamous V - chip may stop some shows from being shown to children , but one day that child will see violence and they will have to deal with it , rationally or not .
T The inramous V - chio nay stop some shpws frpm veing shown to vhildren , byt ons day that xhild wkll wee violence and thwy will have to feal with it , rationally or not .

