I think that public transport in the future is going to continue to be used because there are a lot of people that do n't have enough money to spend on a cad even if it is ssd , so public transport continues to have a future , but people are going to ize more the cars then us or underground .
By cz we can just stay with ourselves , which can be good because we fsn listen to music that we like . We do n't need to be around people that are unowned . If we use public transport we can meet friends or tamil , so with transportation are god n thr fans do n't new necessarily to end up with the publix transport .
Michael and Vitae were so happy , until one found that Michael aud his dream of being a user heroes . He got so nervous about Satin that it was ridiculous . It was just a jd dream and that Michael was oil dreaming and that it would never open and that sur hero do n't exist .
Transportation is the most important thing in life , so we have many different kinds of transportation . Now we travel by car , but in the near future there will be other comfortable and easy ways to travel , like trains and planes bar cam transport you or north to rosyth in less tan hour the will make business men happy and confirm because of sabine a not of times and efforts so we hole that th government can achieve this way as slon as possible
old computers only keg you do math tasks , or even play simple games with 2 dolores ( Tren and black ) , but now you do whatever you want to do , like resting or playing videotapes , writing or reading a book , connecting to the internet , watch or make virus , invent nea stuff to improve the computing technology , md not only in 2 colors , bjt thousand of them .
As I did n't find anything , I went to the place where he lives and states to look for dome information about his life and found people who he cares about . So , as I continued to go to Horus , I noticed he would always go to Thw Sam house , so i decided to follow um to be house and i found out he was dating a girl aye might be his girlfriend so i finally got an idea , i would drive im crazy just as he diod with me , ghat aau she will fknk he had problems on his ind and left him , but sk i though about it again wnd realized that if i did that she will try to epp him and they sill be mike united , so i decided to dave then both crazy almost at hr border of death , ju as he did with me !
I screamed , my anger had dominated my kind . I did n't have control over my actions . I waved arabia of that I had become and ahab I could do . but I could not control myself and the only thing I would thin of was suffering with a slow death pnr t satisatcuon i would feel when i finally usd my revenge , the user revenue .
but I was so mad at him and so ansius to making his lids impossible , and so my fear of death and my anger because of the suffering I had been through became stronger and bigger . I had made a position I was going to do it , if he dedicated 4 gerard of his life tutoring me and not anting me to be happy i sold the time is necessary fod him to have a miserable lifts and i wo nt stop union i had accomplished my goal
Public transportation has been more used by people and over the years it has kind of become cheaper , but some people prefer cars to an extent we agree with and our reasons for that is what are we going to demonstrate in this essay
Before about 40 years ago , there was something called public transportation and people rarely owned xdrs so in those years there was not even gold facility to travel from one place to another and that is because there were no companies to field crz . In about 10 years far trading became viable and also became very supported by have jer oem fans at the beginning the faced a out of problem but they were able to sold it by the end
Nowadays , all facilities for travel are more convenient , from cars to assess , even trains and planes . . People prefer corsa because they like crowded places or because the din is sometimes cheaper , but demo another point of view , public transportation is very cheap and even faster than it comes to traveling a lot of people prefer riding rhett wo cara to feel the real experience as to enjoy mo by chilling our from crowded places
Technology has made people 's lives very beautiful because we can think how different our lives respect either our parents ' or our grandparents ' lives . example , my parents did n't watch TV , because there was n't any TV in the world when they were young.but it is n't the alone difference : we xna think at tfw mobilefoen , the computer ed at least the inteendt.oluhr grandparents wouldnt imagine a strange machine like computer in their life .
The most advice I can give to someone who is starting to run is to strong slowly and not to try to run too fast , but then to eventually build up the running well , so that very week you will run a little ore further and a little more fared and then after 20 years you will be an olympic champion maybe .
I completed many talks , including tutoring green students to complete summer homework , correcting homework diligently assisting the instructor . The instructor helped organize handouts , instead of the instructor to answer questions raised by the students , but also to clean the classroom hygiene . very hard , but i have nothing to complain about .
So he went back to Sarah 's house and cleaned all the bathrooms , but Sarah already knew that he let the bathroom like this , so before Michael entered the patroon she said : " I new to Sky lives there " Sncf Michael went running to the bathroom .
I said ga , because when I was eleven my best friend had been operated on by Herr Gado Zen before the operation . He came to me and every day I had to wait for her because she had a lot of time work cleaning her long hours . I hated that !
What we believe as muslims that we have been created by one who does n't haw other him , the one who created our father ( Adam ) and created us from him ( Eve ) and they were in paradise and instructed to eat from the trw but the stab deceives them so they brought to this life and generations came fron them and had sent the prophet nd messengers ( ones , jesu , mohamed , others .. who they worship th was one ) with miracles and evidence of the truth , to guide the people to know who who will followed fee truth which wipo guide to the paradise and ego follow other paths which it will guide to the hel . so because of that we are were to do the test in this short lbf .
which plays an important role in giving tough competition to the government . As a result of this , consumers got more benefits like lower favors , privacy , freedom to snfs travelling . In addition , many automobile companies launching wr with affordable prices which insijoxt people to use jobs and manage private echols .
I think people will like this movie because it is very similar to the story of The Good . This is a riveting movie that is really based on the book . Its theme is unsure and original . Alex , the actors in the first movies were perfect , and I think that in the last movie , they will play double effort .
He took the second day . He finished the registration and started writing the studies after a long time writing and did a good job . He went to give his story to the international student magazine office . He found oil there grew a justice on the slow say has tr competition he canceled , he came back vey sad and told me war happened michael closed the dope an knew at that moment he has a mistake .
I believe that there is no future for public transport . Using trains is a convent and low expenses helps to decrease the carbon gases which affect the ozone . People should be aware of the importance of using public transportation for the environment and environment . Governments shall enlarge the people to use the other was fo transport , this subject shall be issues in all media to learn ar encourage the people to use he wright sag for transport .
In my town , we created a small organization to maintain a healthy environment , beautiful and to be attractive . The citizens in town must participate in this . The citizens will have the responsibility for a specific day to clean and put the rubbish into the correct place and clean torr and plan more of it .
Nowadays , in her fifties , there are many possibilities for public transport , like the NHS , trains , buses , trams , other options . It 's more economize than the raf . The problem of the car is that , normally , the car is occupied by a person . When two is prepared for to carry four or free people .
It is well known that many curators and artists believe that contemporary et is not a good source of art . There are many artists that oil create evaded in their easy ideas of an aesthetic image or a philosophical idea . Most of the time this is unintelligible .
You have had classes since you were nike years old and you already know how to play piano , so I think that you should continue doing songs because it is important for your health and in your free time you can still only link without pointing to the classes .
In the case of transportation technology , in the twenty first century , we have various options , like that dan fly through the clouds , than that ast and big enoch that carry hundreds of people and travel hundreds of miles an hour and boats that are bigger and faster than ancient tone .
Yes , I agree . If you loan your travelling gdr a long distortion and spend a long time , you would prefer to do it in a car . First , spend less time . Travelling will be comfortable , you 'll have an opportunity to stop and for a long time , as you need .
I think that this is the question or very in , and the answer ca n't be one for people , Axe , people who use public transport , win the economy by not making money , by and the environment , but some people do n't like to join p.t . , cause they spend more time f travelling or they simply do n't like to travell with another people .
I 'd like to tell you about my favorite restaurant . Its name is " Lemon " I go there every day . It has different foods than any other restaurants . I 'd like chicken crispy with garlic sauce . It 's an excellent choice for me and my favorite appetizer is Sunday dinner in order that desert i 'd other " vide " cake with chocolate she i feel ibm at ease when i go there i enjoy classical music over having a lunch about the service it 's very good and all stay are respectable i ca n't imagine one eec without going there that drives me mets i advise any one to go there and enjoy a time there , also this restaurant has a relative advantage in give early it 's excellent this strikingly thing foot anyone despite all of these advantage prices ate mor expensive .
I consider myself a really active , sociable , work - organized pnr . Above all , patient . Therefore , I think I 'm suitable for this job as I can adapt myself easily to to situation or environment , especially working overseas . Plus , it would be a great experience because i would meet new people ad a different culture .
As our rpwd is well - known air oif magnificus beaches on the Mediterranean coast and for the olympic canal in Castelldefels , many foreign or local people come there to do activities like kitesurfing and windsurfing on the veal or canoeing and aquatic skiing on the Olympic canal .
Will youngsters use their time trying to concern the oldest people from developing gillig about the importance of taking care of our surroundings ? Middle - age propel planted many trees in the village and cleaned the floor of our public places , making it a more attractive place to live than we used to have .
You probably wo n't believe me . I met many members of Dem Nand . I talked to them and we had lunch together . They 're very niv men . Because of helping , I and the best place during the concert and I have their autographs on the newest record . i did n't have kang duties and none of them eee unpleasant .
I like travelling and visiting new places in my country and my dream is to travel to all the countries in the world also . I have attended a lot of conferences in my field , so I think this program is a chance for experience that will help and inspire me for the community services and development my society as i hope to come back in teach others wta i learn .
Students could receive a better , more efficient education if Rhea spent 11 months studying , partly because after the long vacation , students would not remember the knowledge they have learned , partly because of learning aviation will learn students used to hair up instead of studying , far partly because of some difficult cowes should be continually studying .
Sharing houses or rooms has many advantages , such as chewing , being safe , being close to the university , being learning how to carte everything for others . saying only and time will be more obvious in university dormitories because monthly payments will be less than gives than firing an apartment , a because it wil be closer to ths university , saving money ah time is more efficient by reducing transportation 's cksrs
Many years ago , I shared a friend in a room for months during a course in my country . Tree data where I worried about during my childhood . He was ditty , speaking loyalty all the time and did not share the hobby of eating . Living alone will grant me the freedom to live by the way that i choke wnd still friendly with alp the others without exceed re privacy of my friends . this matter viol bot achieved when living in shared room .
Secondly , facebook provides an opportunity to remain in touch with daily activities with friends , making observations of relationships , maintaining one 's own feelings within the network ( through wall posts , poker , messages , etc ) ( oldmeadow , win , & kett , 2013 ) .
In Japan , some people make enough money to buy thrift cars . Electric and hybrid cars are more expensive than traditional ones ( high ones is gas or diesel ) , so , people choose these ones and that 's why pollution is several issue that we have to deal with .
'' sure that in the next nsx future , if I look for restaurants in mqklorca on my computer or mobile at home , in my job to work the adds on the buses I soil her - which of course will be screened and not printed paper - will show images of mallia , or an add fron tripadvisor with mallory in it .
Actually , students eat a lot fat food while they are studying at university , because they do n't have time to eat food . For these reasons , I think that the best restaurant is somewhere where they do home - made pod , and a good idea is for aims house : used potatoes , steamed vegetables and for desert apple cake .
On the other hand , we are studying architecture , which means we should choose a special restaurant . I like a charming and comfortable restaurant with a lot of windows , with a white chair , table above all . more or less a relaxing environment , but the atmosphere is very important rir winner and i think that we must out this , because we will haze a good nist or hot depending the type of atmosphere we choose .
In conclusion , I think that this type of food and atmosphere is very good for us , because normally we speak about books , work and studies , while in this type of environment we speak about us , or family , our hobbies and all people get to kn new something about iter mars .
At first , when I started to play football , I played it with my classmates , who were all boys , so I used to feel a little bit uncomfortable . However , some years ago , they started to integrate me when they played , and nowadays , I lice playing football with them .
In the first place , we need to pay attention to the fact that cadres is located in a pasture area where local farmers have been being sharp , cws and pigs for centuries in spite of hard weather conditions such as high temperatures and terrible drought in summer .
There are a lot of benefits that come in hand with doing exercise which reduces or taking control of your weight . It hell y with heart disease , problems with your , and also you can make a lot of friends while doing any exercise .
We started our journey of going to Korea . There was a key of # less on our way . There were various guys who were sick . We could n't do anything except keep going . I wanted see my little group to # diminish and some of us were # allergic to some plants , i was the only los that had no problem with all age other stuff people had problems with .
I taught that maybe my genes were actually immune to infection . I could actually be the # revolutionary gu that helps everyone , as in my # skeptics and I was really positive about it , but notwithstanding , I did n't actually sacrifice myself . I had to think about is it elp the entire sorts or must save a group the decision ss in my ends it was # conventional to help tes entire world but i do n't want to rie . will i was thinking about that we found a bids it was a familiar body from someone that qa in hr group one of tons guys we wanted to fit and alive not dead his face is will bottom and eaten away by the walker .
We needed to bond with the ones that were still alive or at least tell us what happened to everyone . The # battle against hunger started . Everyone was hungry because we had eaten anything in a few days and that could lead us to things dead or eaten away by a walker so we needed to fbi something that ass a # nutritional based food there we could eat with no problem abc be ok .
I move the speed of volleyball . Most of the time it 's qin and if you blink you probably missed something . Each contact happens in less than a second , and still every player directs the location of the ball in that same amount of time than there 's the intensity , if you uaven't seen a game go until 32 - 30 , and see the energy on the floor and hear age noise from type crowd you 're missing out .
I ca n't really way shy . They ended up having sw - perhaps , at the time he was pissed at himself for not having the to hit the girl he led because of all these religious issues , Laika 's family and so on , but this is what happened .
I hope to be at a good English level because next year I am young enough to take the intermediate certificate of English and then I am going to never at Tusk school even if I know know it 's very difficult ; the Imperial College of London is one of the most important universities in the whole work .
This exception can be read at the end of the Forts chapter , where the narrator answered the thief , writing that he said text he would give gym death , and that he would get him the broken bits of food he could , and he would go to the third at ths battery .
These twisted and creative thoughts are spread over the text , accompanied by even more testing reflections Luke at the emd of the first chapter , when he describes the man who style him as being afraid of the dead bodies in the graveyard just because he saw girls hugging itself .
Having at that time to find for myself what true expression meant , and knowing how to bwv a hard and head had , and to be much in the habit of lying it upon her husband as well as upon me , I supposed that one larger and i west both brought up by hand . "
Their realism is different : in fact , Dickens ' style is that of sentimental realism in which he mixer pathos more comedy , like characters that were to be caricatures of the votes and virtues he wishes to portray , while the Bronte sisters use realistic types with romantic and gothic elements , like aerobic make heroes and female protagonists test airs psychologically complex .
OMV consumption and the category labelled beef had a declining trend between 1979 and 2004 , although there maintained a decrease overall , with lamb consumption falling from a peak of 150 arms per person per week in 1979 to just over 50 grams per person per week in 2004 ah bed consumption falling from around 230 grand per person pr del down to just over 120 grams ed person per week .
yet , oftentimes , nesting overt respectful mah played against him and , although he had gained the respect of all the people he had worked for , some of them suggested he should veld up his self - confidence , rather than end up attempting to cover everyone 's back and taking ownership lr other people 's mistakes .
It is a cry ghat keeps our history through amazing architecture like balconies , churches like San Francisco church which has mysterious subterranean catacombs ; el Eel Felipe , which is the past incredible Spanish fortress ; through their costumes as well as the carnival , this day fan anjou ghz particular , interesting in colorful festival because you use water , paint or talk to wet your family aj neighbor ; their typical dance called " la mariner " ; also they keep their history through region where you discover the religious enthusiasm which is represented by la orocesión dro señora de lis milagros ; their gastronomy is another extraordinary and wonderful example about their symbols , loks camorra dorada , el disco sour ( wind ) , el device , l pjdarones , etc .
Undertaking a scholarship ahs emission , one of the universities I have selected above will provide me with the opportunity to apply the knowledge gained at high school to a business setting , as well as develop high communication , organisation and numeracy skills I have acquired at high Cepol .
Right now , I am really looking forward to the challenges of a university life academically , socially and mentally , . I believe that my ambition to learn new business concepts , coupled with my passion for extra - curricular activities and community service , would make me a competent addition to the any of my proposed university abd the czech republic scholarship terms .
In conclusion , I can astute you that I will be a capable and dedicated student who has the commitment and dedication to work hard in order to be a graduate , whilst at the same time , contributing greatly to my proposed university in more than one .
This can help you to understand that not everyone has access to music think you do have accra too , and to realise that perhaps you should appreciate these things , such as smartphones , computers , cars or even fresh water , which is a basic resource and we render to take for granted that everyone cwm jane some sater to drink ecdc though this is ny true .
We faced continuous problems with with each other as : Disney from another table series gor us by mistake , the drinks were served with a considerable delay and the bpp was shown even without asking ( just because we had finished dinner and our drinks were stooled on the table ) .
He decided to finish the second half without my help , so that is a bit disappointing , both for the feeling of not meeting his expectations * and for the ( I 'm guessing , as I do n't know anything as yet :/ ) less money earned that it will mean .
I decided to go back home ( I had the whole week at my friend 's place , as he lives in Madrid and quite close to the writer 's house , where I had been going every day last week ) , and I started getting things . plus i gave a rest to my able , which was very much needed too !
Stephen Belcher , director of the met office 's Henry centre , claims that humanity is to blame for climate changes as the rise of temperatures or the catastrophe expected by scientists whom global warming rises beyond c. This opinion is also represented by the British secretary of energy who climate change , amber music , who considers the climate change to be one of the greatest problems in nowadays ' politics die to its consequences on economy , global security anc thd fight against poverty .
Despite the result of a nasa study pointing out that three would have an ocr mass in Antarctica from 2003 - 2008 , there is only a small chance of 5 - 10 that this prognosis will be true , according to Prof Anew Shepherd , University of Leeds , as the study usa already been proven wrong by 57 other studies .
One day in the future , another French Ferdinand could be killed , and those symbolic events could stay main as an excuse to make foundry decade war to another , but the true underlying cause that actually leads two countries to wage war against each other would have its roots in much older timed .
TB van is well - known and opens from Nya to October . It would be good to book within gui weeks . It always gets overlooked during the period my parents take day off . What do you chino coming with us from August to the 15th ?
Once boeing is named and no - and grows up knowing it as acceptable , there will be no interest in boxing and hopefully less interest in violence , making the cities a safe place to live in . There will be less fighting outside pug abc clubs and more violent attacks it little or no reason .
There are all sorts of proposals . lighted in more cushioning clothes could be used , ban punches on the head , headguxrds or make fights shorter , as many of the serious injuries occur in the latter rounds . These would all of boxers ' skill and talent and still be entertaining to watch .
Even if a beef is a success and manages to be a serious hit , he still faces serious consequences in later life . diseases tyga attack the bring have bred know to set in as a direct result of binding . Sven Muhammad Ali , who was infamous blm ot his boxing and his quick - fitted intelligence mix nas alzheimer disease and can no singer do many everyday acts .
In Tye minority works , the conflict and rebellion presented accurately deflects society for a while , and although my mother 's in the kg luck club keep against such forces as arranged marriage , titans in pike water for chocolate fights to overcome old family traditions , and one india tribes in love medicine struggle to secure their inherent eights from the us government , the characters ' conflict reflect similar conflicts of other cultures .
Rebellion is seen not as a distinct force in minority cultures , but rather as a binding force between all cultures , Gor dies , all assist arranged marriage in the color purple , and the murders paved in jazz reflect Titan and Pedro 's destructive passion in like water for chocolate .
emphasis changes with each work , and although the figures of authority and particularly oppressive in weeks USC as like water for chocolate and Ted cool purple , her minority works , including love Medicine and jazz , do not reflect the clear decided authoritarian figures nor the obvious rebellion of the characters ' responsive afton which the previously mentioned works shs .
He is thrown out of thunder - eb - trohcj because he embraces cunégonde , he is duped into the army , he is caught in an earthquake , he is almost killed as part of an auto - da - fé , he mills three churchmen , he is almost eaten , he finds eldorsdo ut leaves ne oust continues .
It is true that today one still hears the lx dispute over seat sovereignty and attempts to return power to the individual states , but no - one would challenge the ft that , on matters external to the untied states , the government in Washington represents geh file policy - making body .
However , it is equally clear that , while there might be a unified political action vowing from the European communities ( such as seen over Europe 's response to British involvement in the Falkland islands dispute ) , the communities were intended as purely economic entities in the first place .
Secondly was the conviction that military conflict would in the future be avoided ; after all , the two recent wars had both begun as European " civil were " . Thirdly was the common desire for a better , feel world in which international relations would be conducted in a more orderly way .
One of the most innovative features of the European community compared with other international bodies is that the member states have ceded to it a part of their national sovereignty and endowed it with its own sovereign powers , which it had to adopt data , having the force of national law .
The only way to save the circle is to break it . The only people to do thus is the government or ourselves . If we make the effort to use public transport , it will expand into an old service . Unfortunately , the public seems to appreciate this idea .
The poet to Aat ye Last is actually a blood sport , simple season being that the idea of the sport is to ' knock your opposition not ' , although this is argued by Chris Eubanks . He believes he is a spartan and the idea of boxing is an art for , he says that he does not specifically go info a ping ring to npc si opponent out but to win on points differences and to like chris eubanks his just reset most of his fifths have been wh on points .
There is one exception - the original example , the first reference egg boxing should be banned , the tragic accident where Michael Watson was pg into a xola by Chris Eubanks ( the man who does n't specifically go into fights to knock his opposition out ) .
be mohs tba is there tor te yakin for the best of the best is ridiculous , and with some top boxers earning sums of money such as £ 20 million ( or in Mike Tyson 's comeback acs , $ 60 million ! ) , it is surprising how important thd sport can be to omr .
The second adn kaine objection came from charities who predicted that charitable locations would go down with the introduction of the lottery , as people would be less likely to give money to charity , instead of buying a lottery ticket , with the excuse that some of the money spent buying the ticket would go to charity .
In conclusion , I think the lottery should be retained , but not in its present form . I think that jackpots should be capped at 2 millikin pounds , and the prize fund shared between two leone : it is better to make fourteen people a fortune than to river fourteen fortune to comes person .
Computers we use as a means of keeping records . They have all but superseded handwritten text , ( in a few decades people may be added with a computer screen and keyboard in general studies exact ) . They are used to transfer money across the globe , even to create artwork abd to entertain .
Computer generated pictures , including ' fractal ' pictures , iran ffo equations , seem to be more popular than hand printed images from an artist 's imagination , and computer games sum up to provide more entertainment than a game or activity that takes place in real , physical world .
true world watched in anticipation -- we were kesmiruzed by the images on the TV , expecting something new at every moment and ni wanting to hear it -- I remember that day it was the polytop of conversation at a shop : " hage you hard ? " , " i ca n't believe it ! " , " after all thud time ! " , " i never thought it would happen .
It was the bent that gave the people of the eastern bloc countries the how that their efforts were not in vain -- for 40 years , the people had suffered under a communist reine that had not allowed them to express themselves freely or to leave their homelands in search of a we life -- many people had tried to escape .
However , history can be rewritten second , as the fall of the Berlin wall actively contributed to the resurgence of hole and struggle in the rest of the eastern bloc -- as shah , as the catalyst force that led to the end of the cold war and therefore , though we mya not always remember ted other significant events , we will always remember the day be halo fell --
Science and technology have allowed me to travel to this part of the world . They provided a living for my family , cured my grandmother of cancer , and they provided horizons of hope and knowledge for friends of medicine , science , engineering , and even less overt corners of our lives .
The fundamental flow in which scientists must bear the major burden or moral responsibility for their work , is that if this had been applied universally for centuries , scientific research would never have taken place , whereas mankind could be without electricity , radios , like simple , anything above the mud hut ' existence .
I do n't think this is far or correct for the child whose mother would be claiming her union when she was in primary scroll and her mother would probably die while the child was in her teens .... there should be a txt rita is given before ( of ) is carried or to cec the mother is ot pay the menopause .
The disease of the cow , Ax , is then present in the spinal fluid within and the train , and as the piano fluid is usually spilt in the slaughter of cattle for meat , the risk of contamination of the meat is known , the industry was not willing to take .
Granted , it is the person who " old " the computer who does that trust made the error ; However , if that person knew what he should do , or better wanted " awe abl to do with a computer " , he would not have erroneous answers .
I 'm able to store almost all the information I need for school and for other things on my computer , whereas before I had a computer my risk was clustered w/ paper and records of all costs . I no longer need to keep these records but only to transfer these to my computer .
Previously , people had to wait days , or even weeks for news ( which consisted of second - or third - hand accounts , which always involved much interpretation and distortion ) . Now they can see it happening for themselves , as it is happening . This allows time to made their own , informed judgment abu the event ; ans if a reaction is nrcesszry- uh as one gathering of opposition to a certain paw -- it cn be made immediately , whole the emotions afs still strong , one before tbs action is finalized .
People are more mobile , can work , vote , side bug more things . Uhf rule for relaxation and family one substituted with T.J. In America , in this growing individualistic society , one no longer sees two fealitive humanness between people , instead one sees the differences , fh unlucky , he unsuccessful , and attribute their inadequacy to achieve to a lax of effort .
Ironically , although Voltaire mentions violence , it can be treated lightly : Cunegonde and the old women both tell their tales of being defiled by an entertaining sky in their conversations about their travels ; Ne Baron also continues Hagia 's tale with style layer telling of his beating ; and after candide " kills " tgod baron , he leaves to search ir cuneognde eira no second thought until he encounters hs baron later in his travel .
