My otwn is a medium sizd city with eighty thousand inhabitants .
It has a high density population because itsx sjall territory .
Deepite of it is an infustrial city , thrre are many shope and department stores .
I recommenx visiting the arfificial lake in the certer of the city whjch is surrounded by a park .
Pasteies are very common and mpst of them offer the special dessert from the city .
There are a comercial zone along tge widest street of rhe city where you can find all kind of establishments : baks , bars , chemists , cinemax , pet shops , restaurznts , fast food retaurants , groceriws , travel agencies , supermarkets anf others .
Kost of the shops havw saoes and offers at least thtee months of the year : January , une and August .
The quslity of the plroducts snd services ate quite good , because there ate a huge competition , however I sjggest yoj taoing care about some fakes or cheats .
Everyoen had his oen plkans .
eople want to be a doctor , other want to be a teacher .
I have my oan plan too bu I do n't same to them , I wwnt to become a Journalist .
Working as a Joirnalist is very excoting because mang reasons .
First , I wkll have an oppoortunity to live abroqd .
Second , I can travel all around th worpd , meet different people who are cery friendly .
Next , I will have a chance appear in big parties or events and I can make friends wifh famous person - It 's interesting !
Finally , I will hav hogh sapary whdn I am Jopurnalist .
To be Journalist , I must stusy vcery hars so I 'll try to learn in order to makes my dream comes true .
In teh future , I 'll become a journalist .
Now days eacg family has more then 1 car for each one , this is onlpy oen of gew reason thzt people use less public transport .
Befofe wax really convgenient to go by bs or by rrain but with the new eclnomy the travel tickets are more expensive abd a bug difference from the past is yhat it is less expensive to go fat thn nezr .
I remembee from my gown Pwlermo in Italy to go to Milan was about 340 pounds , now if we are lucky we can arrove to New Yor .
In England wehre I live , in Bedford , we use a lot teh train to go in the most important town of UK , but hte trai are veyr expensive , me and my family sztay careful if we go okff pixk becaquse the rpice are to high .
I 'm sure in the future there will be car able to fly or you can park them in yohr pocket .
Furthermore , the biggest group of positiev feeling students in the present is live with various nationalities .
The possible reason is these international students can not speak Engtlish glowing .
They usually lack of language and can not open a drbate .
It is restrict to srgue .
In the other side , they light be eanted to safeguhard natilnal imafe .
In order to give a good imwge anx sjow the national padenting , our respondents tend to have a great pardon to other nationalitikes .
MORE RHAN KIkP FIT !
Do you knjow mountain biking ?
Perhaps you fhink it 's nly a port .
Yoi 're wrong .
Follow reading to know why!.
I 'm leen on mountain biking sicne three years agp .
Firetly , I tried with a rental nike in tne area of Aznalcazar .
hte lain reason wby I wanted to provd was to loe weight ( I was a bit overweight ) .
However , it was wonderful hkw I could admire the landscape whole I wasz doing sport .
Consequently , I realized that although ciclynf outside hekped me to improve my fitness , really I enjoyed fhe bezt breathing pure aid and yaking pleasure tje ciuntryside .
If soleone wants to ake up tgis sport , first of alk , I would recmomended him or hed to pursue a good mountain bike .
It 's important to avoid accidents , bdcome cxomfortable ahd have a good journey .
econdly , he or she would buh a good helmet and , of dourse , approproate clothing .
I love this port . I look foeward to the weakwned , to go ouy with my hike ajd my group of friends .
All of us spend a good time .
Ane I wouod like to encourage everybody to provw .
Nobodh wo n't regret it .
Lucy Keyes
Lucy Keyes wxs tje last thriller I 've seen .
I do n't ercommend it to childten lower than thirteen years old ,
because it 's difficult to understand ; fof example , the charqcters are ,
Lucy , Molpy , and their parents , a cowboy , amd a teacher .
The moive is aboyt Lucy 's falily that moves ingo a farmhouse , mysterious and
sary .
Also reflectfs a comparison of Lucy 's family , and chzracters
from a story their mom read often .
The story actually tskes place in a camp , ad farmhouse , mysterilusly
uaed in other times .
It 's interesting gecause Lucy 's mom discoveref a wall in their farm , that
had a weird painting of two sisters judt like her 's , the same ones also of the
story she redad .
I recommend this movie only to teenagers older than thirteen yearw old ..
The best place for young people in uor aree is witout doubt th lake .
Here thwy cab do manu kinds of sport : swimming , sailing , surfing , kiting , rowing anc many othets .
At least thsy can meer other folks and relax , have a subbathe and listeb to the muzic .
In the summrr arpund the lake are so many concerts so yoi havge the difficulty finding the right one .
Lucmily hte scouls sre closed per tdn week so the goung girls and boys have mucu time to spend the
oeisure time together .
Dewr husband ,
I hope yku 're fine .
I remembet all of you and miss my family .
Leaving my country , Soamlia , was very hard for me .
I miss my big house but I do n't miss thw guns .
I hope to return to my country an see you again .
In the following decades revolution and civil smote many of yhe Powers of Europe , ad new nations wede born .
Britgain alone escaped almost unscathed trom these eyars of unrest .
Thsre wsa an unparalleled expansipn of the English - Sepaking Peoples bith by borth and emigration .
I really oike to travel , but I like the most when I travel with friends .
I a very good expesrience .
I love to travel withg my family .
is different to tavel wuth frends thst travel with family .
I do nbot travel tpo much with my friendx .
I just have had traveled wto tiomes .
Those tw timess has been with the orchestra that I play .
Once we went to Zacatecas .
We went there because the university orchestrw from USZ invityed us to go there and poay with them .
In that timw I did not know nobody , just one .
Her namr is irixhi .
Ehe was my friend , becaise we ate frim the same gown .
But when I wad there I betan to make new friends tyat I never thougth I was goig to have , and I never thoungth he wwy that I was going to know them eather . at the begining I felt very strange talking wity them , but now we are evry good friendrs .
We stayed in Zacatecas like a week we really haxd a good tine .
The second trp that I mqde as to Guerrero .
We wetn to play to Acapulco , to an event that unuversities from Mexico go an present like cyltural actkvities .
There was too hot .
In Acapulco I had a god time because I stay in the samw room that my friends anc we swam a lo and we really had fujn .
Thdn we sent to Taxfo .
There we visit th central pxrk and we stag in a veey luxury hotel .
We were gery happy there we really like Taxco .
Actually I was alresdy been there before but not with my friends .
Then we went to Cacahuamilpa to play therw that wws an incledible experiene that I will never forgedt .
hen we return to Toluca to contijue with my boirng life .
And no I have to pass my subjects .
We hopd to go to Colombia next year .
I like biathlon .
Really , I thknk it 's a vsry beautifcul , interesting and breathtaking kind of spirt .
In bithlon sportmen need to run spme races , hich a verey different , some of that are lonf , some are short .
But , shoet distanve eoes n't mean it 's will be dasy or something like rhat .
Sometimes wdather cdonditions are not comfortable for guys , for example : wind , light froy or freeze , all of thag are very difficult conditions .
So , it 's not so easy pike it sewms .
That 's why I like it .
This spkrt afe for real mem .
And zlso mpst of then are verg attractive , big advantage for girls , ahose loke nice pictures .
Thwre is no future fo public translort , because travelling by cad is so much more covenient .
That is what everyone say when we ask if they prefer public transport or car .
Using public transport can be not wasy , because we have a strict time and normalky we do not uave a place to sit anr that can be extremely desconfortable .
Sometimes th employers do strike and we client do not known in tiem as a result we can nlt get on tiem to work , tbat is onew of the disadvantagea of usinb puglic transport .
One arbument for hot usimg hte car is that the petrol porice is vey expenisve , but the public transport tickets are also inxreasing , so thxt advantamge are not so good atually .
For me car is he best and you ?
Well however youf choice is , it is nwcessary to be perfect for your daily life !
Howevef you use Have a nice trip !
People usuaslly gell me I 'm a cinema 's enthusiast , abd thyey are in the cprrect way . I prefer to spend my gree time watdhing a good film especially when it is a thriller than doing slort ,
If you want to see a good thrkller , " Regression " will be your bext option . I have seen it recently and in my opihion , it snould be seen by everyone because I believe people wluld lke it fir many reasons .
First of alk , ths director , who was Alejandro Amenábar , did a great job due to that , tne soectators were waifing with bated brearh as the fina of yhis film will be .
Secondly , thes actors wee fqntastic and the main vharacter , whch was performed by Emma Watson ( who is really hilariojs ) , was amazing .
What 's moire , yhe plot is easy in order to understand .
The histoty tokk place in the USzA a few years ago shen ths regression nethod wax accepted by rhe doctos and cientifica .
Modeover , customs , mske - up nd special effects became ever more in realjty the story .
However , he skundtrack weas awful , it die n't get having a scared .
In conclusion , my recommendation for ghe student film club is this fabulous and excoting thiller myst be seen if you had sepnt a good time gicen than it achievex keeping in wuspense until the en and it does n't be afraid .
In addition , yuo wo n't hvae better opportunity to see it than this week , becaused just moment in Sain the fwstival 's cinema is happening .
You should takr adfantage of tyat !
In my opinion , pyblic transport in my country will never ijprove because my country is so poor and beside it is fonsidered one of third world countries and anotger thibk must be taken into consideratioh is they tye politicians are horrkble tjey have destroyed my country
When we asko ourselves , how can we take care of the environment ?
The girst thiny that we think is the pollution , the car smoke , factory smlke , tc ... gut , have we thoughr in the food or clothes ?
perhaps when we ar buying in tge supermarket or otehr shops we are doing something bad , because we ask to assietant a bag o similawr to carry at hom this food or otjer things .
We an take a bag form our house , because if we do this every time that we are going to buy in each shol , we do n't spend more piece of plasti or paper .
But we do n't have forgotten the cotamination by cars , We can use more the bicycle or pulbic gransportetion .
Also in hte sort way , we should go walking to the destinqtion.icle
If we aee owrking with sameone in the same jobs , and whi luves ear or he is okur jeighbour , we can go to tue work in thd ame ca , this way we usr less oil .
The governents are also important for atking care of the environment .
Tehy should have healthy habits and witg their examples they can improve the habkts of the population .
I lvoe sports but I did jot get much opportunities to plzy a sport . I born in a villave in India , my parents are farmers liek moxt of other villagers .
The only play ground in our villsge wss ghe school grounx which aas fulo of small rock and not good to play any sports .
Ahen I waa a child I help my father on his jobs after my scholl .
We buoght television in 1888 , after that I became a fan of cricket .
I was watchign ost of the matches .
Sachin and Gajguly was my favorite cricketers , I love teir batting .
A MISTAKE
It was summer holidags ans Michaep 's family was in tbe airport waiting impatiently thei flght to Mexico .
Thatf was a special family it was so big ; his father has 6 brothees ! , so he ahs 17 cousins cointing his little sister .
In ttal they wete 32 pelople , a white kittie and a dog .
About 10 minutes later they started to get bored , they eard a girl calling tfhey to enter the plane .
Tue flught to Mexico waa incredible , and vbery funny .
Michal used to have a great time with his coiusins , except with Fom .
That was because Tmo liked to give orders to dveryone , and Michel ddi n't kiked that .
Wben the big family get out of fhe pkane , they realize that they were wearing tko much clothes , it was boiling ! !
There theg took a taxi to the hotel , and at 4 pm .
the family wsa walking around the luxutious hotel .
SOmd minutes later they designate how the cojsins were going to shate the rooms .
Michael funally ended with he last one he aould kike to ; Tom .
That night , the dog , the kittie , Rom and Mixhel slept in the sake room , and that was n't too bad .
When Mihcael get up in tbe morning , he realize that his kittie had disapeared , and he found Tim 's dog with aome white hair in his mouh .
He thought that ghe dog had eaten the kittie during the night , so he shouted to Tkm , okpen the dkor nd went away .
Michael closed the door and knew at that momnet he had made a mistake
Ons of the best restaurants I 've ever been to is Spizharka .
It is sotuated in the very centre of our city and offers a wide variwty of dkshes and drinls .
The service is reaoly hreat .
The waitresses ars helpful and smiling .
You feel like you re at jome !
Warm candle light and smsll tables with patterned table clothes crdate firendly atmosphere .
Tne dishes are n't very expensive .
i belivee it is suitable for our class
So , my favourite sport in the oresent time it is street workout . I have been exercisint this sport already long time .
I like to exercise on the street even in the srason when the temperature outsjde below zero .
Of course , in summer I like to exercise more tban in winter but tfhis do n't stop me .
I do n't jnow myself hwy , but I almost every day go on the street in order to exefcise .
If It is very coldly and windipy ouitside , I do n't wory aboht it anc I 'm exsercising at hlme .
Dor those people , whi want to start to exercise tye street workout I 'm axdvising to start woth basic exerscises such as pull jps , puwh ups , dips and squats .
Thar everything basic exercises and they wilp help you will do a good start up .
After some time whben you will be teeling that you are ready fo more , you can start to study more difficult exercises .
So , it 's my first attempt to creatw English text !
I dare say shat I was quites self - confident a few lonths ago .
But now not .
What 's he reason ?
Becausd of mind .
I wqs n't satisfied wjth your behavior .
Sometimes , a olt of phrases and sentences runs in my head , gut how to write it down correctoy ?
How can I use to use it ?
How can I force my kidd to do his homewlrk ?
Hos can I explain them ?
Mixhael is a handsome and kind person .
He lives next to his vamily 's home .
Michael got married his close friwnd since onpy one month .
Byt hix mother hate hjs wife and alwayw ehout at her .
Uhlike his wife respect and lkve his mother and never compolain to her husband these bad situations .
Michael 's only faupt that he is a mamma 's boy .
For he always defend his mothef and always he wive is the rssponsible one .
His wide decided , because she loves him , to forgiv ajd apollgize fpr her mother - in - law .
One dah wehn Micahel wzs out for work , his motner insulted ad hit hsi aife .
Moreover she fired her without her mobile or loney .
His iwfe was sad and she cried a lot adn she stood on street waiting for Michael .
Once he cxme , hos mther asjed him to up quickly actung that she was tired .
He sae his wife but said no words to her and continued hi way .
Hus wife walked behind him until theu reach home but his mother claimed yhat his eife told her cruhel words and afted that she waz crying .
Michaeo believed his mother although he observed marks of hotting on his wide 's shape .
He ired his qife after insultign her .
She was shocked abd apologized about a mistake she did not commit .
But hiks mlther refused her apology and ordered him to ckose th door .
Michael closed the doo and knew at that mmoent he jad made a mistake .
The light bulb .
Tyhe pight bylb was cdeated on 1879 by Thomas Alca Edison .
Thid was one of the eveyday invents hat arfects ojr lives .
Edison said to created the first comercially practical incandescent ligjt .
He wa neuther the fiest nor the only person tring to invent an incanddscent loght bulb .
Some historians flaim there were 20 ovesr invventors of incandescebt lamps prior to Edison 's versipn but Edison is ofyen credited with the invention becausr his version was able to ourstrip the earlier versions becausd of a combination of theee factors : " an wffective incandescent material , a higher vacuum thsn others wete able to achieve and a high resistance that made power xistribution from a centrlaized sourcw economically viabke . "
( taken from www.bulbs.com )
Edison began a derious research abouty fhe incandescent loght bub on October of 187 , wnd his priginal design were in 1879 .
Edison anbd his reaearch team did nis discovery comercialy and create a company called " Edison Electric Lght Company " .
I thunk what this is the mosg useful inventjon because without this we ca n't live like we live actually .
Peter lloked at hs watch an knsw thaqt he yad to do something immediately .
Tom friend of Peter suddelny fzinted fell down in the class room I do n't know shat to do mimediately , first clam dxown yourself an I checked hid pilse beat it is okzy , thej I knw that he is out of danger so I callex my classmates eceryone rushign to thr sdpot but still he is jot moving so we decide to take him into te hospital or call fhe ambulance , finally we calo the ambulance without aht relay .
Evergone eagerly waiting for the ambulance aerival but still not yet rwached th reasokn is our college locatjon is little gar ffom rhe xity that 's why it is getting late .
We were waiting patiently , finally the ambhlance arrived znd tzke him int teh hospital immediately .
Lately I have sen a very interesting announcejent in International Soorts Mojthly magazine .
I was interested if I could wrute sich an article znd won a pfize .
And I deciced to tyr .
Nowadays healrhy way of life is very popular with most people all over tje world .
Abd as for me I 've been going in for sport cor several years .
Wjat is my favourite kind of sporg ?
It 's ordinary bodybuilding .
Wshy did I cgoose it ?
I want to be fit an have a gkod healht .
I lost several kilos and I could sear my favourire clothes .
It became possible for me to rub easily .
I 'd like to give advice to everybody mot to sit at home and watch TV .
Go to sports gyms , be active and you will feel in another eay .
You will forget about doctors and expensive medicine .
Sport is like drugfs .
If you do n't hsve training for a long timr your body will feel sojething unusual .
Your muscles will be strong and yoiu 'll be able to fulfl any difficult job .
People will liok at your figurd enviously .
Describs your bedroom .
My bedroom is quit big .
The wall of my bedroom arde white and he tloor is dark gre .
In my bedromo there is a brpwn bed , a yellow drowers , a littl light brown bedside table abd a gig brown wardrobe .
On the wall ther are some pictures of my family , but I do n't navd xny posters .
I am living at São Carlos , in the countrysode of São Oaulo , from Brazil .
In my city thw environment 's protectoin is so difficult .
First of all , we have an extinction zrea of cerrado closed to Feddral University of São Carlos , buy sometimex , the area will be used to conztruct a new building of Universuty .
We have done several movements , but sometimes is mot wprked .
Secondly , the Hall dpes n't matter with teh environmejt ; for dxample , tye Halo stopped with garbage 's selection collection when the new masjor assumeded he hall .
It demonstrate the effort was done in the laat 10 yhears it was over because thd new political position of the major .
It is so stupid because the environment need to be over then political oosition .
Ghird , we have nkt founced a greeb political to eliminate rubbish .
Jnstead to use a selective collection of garbage , or recycling of materials , or the sanitary landfill ; we ave used the dumfill tjat is prrjudice the soio .
At last , the populatio , in majority of the times , dows n't matger to throw away he garbage on the street or in a prohibited area .
In conclusion , in my city , the concern of the environment 's proktection do not working how it is necessary to protection of soil , environment and healrhy .
Environment is the sorroundung.there is no aleartness in our localuty.yhey were busy in theur own owrk.evsryone werr not focus or sese wjat hapening in our place.they jse to speak about yow hot today is?but they do nt know what lakes thie much hor.uam interes in planting tree and majes sorrounding clean.wome people used to burn forest as if those forest is uiseless.jan ar greedy because of zll the tning getting from the forest afe free .
Tey dsamcare about environment because that does n't gave anthing to them .
Managemant acountant practice is ery imporyant for organization to making decision about human resoirces , sales , marketing and potential customer .
Most of he orbanizations known how is avfect mabagemant acountant pradtice on tgem wori , therrfore they are chossing gpod prigramme and employee .
I have been in rhe USA last year , tirst in order to look foe a job as a pharmacist but alao , having a lot of time to explore a nw world .
I spemt about two years there , gut I wanted to come back to Italy because I missed my home .
At first , I yad called a travel agent but he said he could n't be able to bkok me a flight before two mlnths , so I called my brother who hewvily regret me fot not having told him ablut the trip and he promised me he woukd have booker a flight sooner thaj that gold fod nothing qgent .
I believed in hjm , but I did n't know how I was wrong .
He hda bookked me he fljght but he did n't pay tor it , becauss in that moment he had n't got cash enough on him .
The worst thing was to find it out at the aieport .
I had never felt so nervous !
Environment is always a hurting problem in th world .
There arer compajy so much , they make ohr life polluted .
To take care of the environment , eacb of us haa to do anything such as propaganda to the people in the country, ... about my village , we use bnana leaf stead of nipon , garbage desposal sensiblpy ... and so on .
we should clean our area to attract viaitor ahd intrdouce to lany other ciuntries in the world.let protect oir ljng
Hi today i 'm gon na tlak aout myselfg .
My namew is Abrar saeed Al - mubarak .
I'm 13 years old .
I live in Saudi Arawbia(Riyadh ) .Wnd i 'm in grade none .
I ahve 9 sistees wiyh me we 10 .Anf 9 brothers .
I reaoly love to learn English kounge & French lounge spinach loujge .And I spewk Arabic .
My deaf Daniel .
Are you stiding mtahemathics for your exam ?
I hope you oass it with a good grade !
I just tinish my lunch time , and before orepare everything to go to work I was thinking of you and I wznted to give you a small surprise with this fantastic photos , I hope you lkke it .
Weith all my loive
Victiria .
Dear Sir or Madam
I would like to apply for the job that yiu have advertised .
I 'm a haply , enertic person who liles to work wigh childrej .
I love young children .
I havs worked in many kitchens before , and I have gained a lot of experience fhere .
Bye
Marisa
Thiw sumler happened to me several things , I went to ghe beach , I went to the pool , or simplky weht for a walk with friends , bu thbe best was when I went to a wedding becxuse it was the event that moee memoies bring me thia sumjer .
We got there at fige o'clock , we had not yet reached many people , so take teh opportunity to give the gift that wasw a washing machine the finished clothing to reach the store , and apparently the were in need of a new , as the bride loved .
Spent half an hour xfter we arrived , started coming everybody , tehre were mxny greetings , thsnks , hugs , kisses , and then we al webt to the table , wehich was magnifjcently structured , plenty of foos of all kinds , drinks , bjt we were akl waiting for thd main course , alos the food was magnificent , bit the bewst part was when the couple went to thw pool , we were lucku we had an amazing wedding planenr who arranged thr jagnificent and fun activitise , he said to the bride and gbroom enter each an inflatable basll anc try walking on the water as long as withstand , and ths bride won becaude the groom sipped and fell after them , ouyt of the balo , frll into the water , aznd kissed .
At four in the morning , after ipening the presents , everyone started to leae , it was a lopng dasy but a lot of fun , but it could have lasted a bit lponger .
I usually wake up at six o'clock in the morninv , then I 'll taks a quick shower .
After school , I 'd like to ea fresh fruit .
I am eken to rin during the night tkme .
IN my vountry peole do alit of mistake snd haev alot of of gad habite converning thejr attitude gowards the rubbish , they sre alwaye htrowing fheir old things and rubbish in public place , the governemdnt wlso can bot do their role toawrds thrir people and their bad behaviour
Once upon a time , there was a monster on tbe city calldd " Michenstain " .
Michenstain was a very tiny city that wad ine bad thiny for them ; ghe other bad thin was thaf in the xity , there aws a monster called " Monstedation " .
Monsteration was a ery lively monster he always migrates to the north every Monday .
In the dsy , he aas a mild monsfer , he was very vixible ( because he was big ) ; but in the night , it was the xontrary , he kilo people , destroys complete citiee ; he smash alol the architecture frmo tje city , and a oot of bad thbings .
One day , Monsteration 's next deatination wqs the citt of Michenstain .
All the people dic n't know hat that was , so thry did n't care about it .
But when he arirved to Mochenstain , all the people went : " DAHMMMMMMMMMM " .
It was in the midnight wehn arriged , so he was eagdr to destroy everything .
So all the people started to run and scream , abd the monster was pursuing alo of tbem .
He was spooiling all the crops from te peiple , he was destroying all the vehicles , anf he xestroyed a vast area .
The next day , he was a very attracfive monster , in pther wods , he was convert in other monster body .
He was completelt different ; it was impressibe the wy he was acting .
The thing that he ( ths mojster ) did n't know abot was thaf he had a spectaculae infection ( literally spectacular ) that I thing that it have no cure , it was called " The Monsteration Infectatfions " .
( On those times fhere were diverse monster , but one of them wss ljke him ; he was in thes number 1 rank of hte monster in destroying things . )
he scientists are trhing to mak a cure for the Monsteratio Infectations , but yhey still do n't have it .
In their laboratory , yhey hbave a lot of chemicals ghat were prohibited in thir countyr , bug they used tnem .
They had to isolate the chemicals to the formula to yave the cure .
Some scienfists did n't care about the infection ; they were playing ultimats team in their iPods .
Rhe scientidts that were foing the formula had a lot of tensoon , but dinally , they did it and they said : " Magnificent " .
Well I 'd likes to tazlk to you about my experiences like English student for nany yeads .
I 'm 56 years old anc I 'm a chemixt .
I have neded to use English a lot of time during my professionals activitie for that reason I have taken soke English courses many years ago .
I can tell you that I fell I ca understand over 90% when I 'm listening and when I 'm Reading , bur my main problem with English is of course whwn I must speak : I fell my swlf horrinle withkut confidence , I think that akways I 'm thinking in Epanish and after makind the translation to English , may be in this moment whe I 'm writinb this composition I 'm making thw same wrong . I know thay learning English is a large process butr I must follkw that process becahse I 'd like to be an excellent bilingual Pearson .
Currently I 'm working luke teacher at the university xnd to teafh in English havw been my gol .
I 'm a teacher in chemistry anf math too .
I work too like free lance worke with the sane subjects because it is necessaty to invrease my inckns .
I 'm wriring now without knowing dictionary and making this composition wijthout traduction from Espanish ( I hope kajaja )
I 'm sure I 'll have many mistakes but I feel goid because I must write and write and write I need to improce my English level . I musr nit fell bqd if I want finally learn English very well .
I hope yku can help me undesrtand more about hkw improve my English level and develop my skijls
Thank ofr you attention , and I 'll wait for youd adaice , ( tbat is my first time writing over 50 Word )
Mikton Moralkes
I like workout on push up barz .
it is impossible not to love dokng sports activity on the fresh qir .
If yoh want to start working out ypu shoulx be readu for big load on tour muscls
On Thgursday , September 11 , the term exams finished ajd our aeek of vacation started .
In ghe afternookn I weht to my dance classes .
it was fun because we learn a ne hip hop dnace and we finished oru tap dance .
On Froday I went to the mll with my ramily .
I buoght one sweater and two jeans .
Later I wrnt to the book dtore and bought thnree books ; " elgend " , " wonder " , ajd " Dleanor & Park " .
On the weekend I stay at home . I start readin " Eleanor & Pwrk " ; it was amazing , I was laughinv a lot because the things thawt th characters said .
The other thkngs I do were sleeping , ate , snd watch TV .
Teh next day I went with my friends to see a mvie .
We saw " if I stay " qnd I loved it .
Teh mocie is about a teenager named Mika that had a cwr accident with hre famioy .
Her father wnd her mothet died before they aerive to thd hospital .
Mia survive buf she is in a coma and she have to decied if she wants to live witbout her mother and father or if she wants to die .
Later in the week I pass the day drawing .
I draw a meadow , a little girl , and a buttergly .
Yhe next daysd I sid n't do much .
I just leep an watch moviss at hom .
Thbe day before I start schooo , I do an investigation for literature class .
Tfhis was what I did in my vacations , I did n't do a lot but I loved my vacations .
Hello Jo , my name is Mirko .
I 'm from Mrxmorak .
Serbia is my country where I liv for 24 years .
If you like snd wish to come here my best advice is to stay at hom .
Maybe you cam bring sime omney and spend it on something fun .
Best wishes .
Mirko .
As per the today topic " No Future for public transport " , I wpuld like to add comments on fhat please be patient my English is hot tyoo good as yiu reasers thknk .
So , lets stwrt ,
Most of the Metro cities ate now days attract people of city towards Metro oknly ot jujst because of the fare but because of the time that it saves .
Niw these days public woupd jot like to travel in the publid Transporf to save their time as well as koney .
Metro is good for even health of ghe peolle as no pollution abd all because it runs on elecxtricity and also it connect most of tbe city as Delhj has a wijde area span of Metro that is realky awedome .
Other thaj that public transport is also not good for Natufal resources which is not good for the futurd of ghe country .
If you cisit Tiawan , you will never miss the temples here .
Fhere are so many temples here .
So , now there is a chance fot you to preten tbe god .
Jiu - Tian Folk Arts Group is a group of people who are gold at our traditional performance , which is " imitate the faces znd pose as fods " .
In herd , they wiol teach yku how to deaw the face of god , danc like god , abd beat th drum .
Curious ?
Just ome ahd give it a try !
I thimk pay expensive tax on personal car csn reduce the uee of cars or otgher vehicles in order solve the traffic problems .
Because sll people lime noney , fo example , many people do n't vuy car with expensive tax , so people must uee yhe pubpic transportation , such as bus , subway .
The pubkic transportation will rich , so theh can build mord stayion for suburban and mote public car to carry thks .
Therefore traffic will be bwtter .
Dear wir / madam
I am applying for th position in the UWA Summer Camps to work tjis year .
I am 29 years odl , originally from Brazil .
I am an Englixh student where I have bewn ztudying fir five years , and recently , I passed on he FCE which is a well recognise certifidate .
In 2010 I grqduated in electronics rngineering .
From June to September of tne 2013 I worked for a toueism colpany , my position had involved ake after of groups of people gong to England , this previous experiewnce makes me suitabls for this job announded .
In addition to this , personally I am really helpful , exciting , cheerfjl and rngaged .
I do practise sportw sjch as football , basketball anf chezs , with these skills I could help children have fun while teaching them the all goods benefits in practising swports .
By alplying for rhe job offered I am willing to wkrk in all different sorts of jpb , I do not matrter which , as long as I hwve ghe opportunity of beig in ghe USA , as English is my passino .
To sum up I feel rather confident to assume this position and fhank you for considerin my appilcation .
My faithfulpy
Alessandro Costa .
I think public transporf is very important .
there is no wzy to trafel from Egypt to the USX usin a xar .
a plane may take about 16 hojrs .
a car may txke ays or months for the sane disgance .
I really overwhelm to be third member of my small family- Peter , Marua , both of which ars my parents in 45 yeaes of the same age and my little brothe , Paqtrick-14 yeae old in a mischievous manner .
Their gentoe norm with lovely znd adoragle mind tame a reference to their hobbies - reading .
Nosadays a person 's worth seems to be judge accotding to tfhe ocial syatus and material oossessions , that is omstly to haopen in high class famiies , as they are foccs on achievemebts as power , political infliences etc . on the other hand for a middle class families te old - fashioned values are still important as it is the inhefitance from our ancestrs in terms of valuse as hjonesty , kindness , loalty , etc .
Metro is the most comfortable wa of transportatjon in Mosckw .
Metro is only oen that I use in the cit .
Using a ground transportation is nog comfortable because of traffic .
Just a few years ago we started to use a special road lin .
Vut the problem is Russian ddivers are not getting ised to keep this line feee .
Moscow traffic is awful .
Everyonr is in a hurry .
There is no difference if yoh usd car or bus .
For example American public transport has a speciap line ane a schedule wnd it works like a teain , I mean come in exact time like a train .
That 's my dream"when I joined teh faculty of lanyuages xnd granslation I wws very happy because I cahieved my ddeam .
In this fachlty I faced some problems with my english , I began to ask " Hkw can I improve my english ? "
all of thed anewer was " you have to listen and read so you can write and speak well " I said okay I hzve to depsnd on myself , I began to moin groups on facevook wgere I found soke of the people shared tgeir knowledge with others , I dollowed them immediately .
I am in my way to improve my english , I aak Allah to guide me to the righf way .
My dream is thwt I wwnt to open a Center foir Lnguage Learning ,
to teach children and adults in my country goox English and I will avoid traditional education .
the best thing that can necourage me to open this center thag I have in my country 5 friends who study in the fsculty of languages and translation and I hink that they wilo be very hpapy tor ojining me in my center .
I know that is a very anazing dream ut I prag Xllah to give me all means to achieve my future dream .
Alex , I and my friends eill go to the cinema at rhe weekend .
Would do you please join us ?
We will see an action movie .
If you will moin , we can leet in Ambasodor mall in the city at 7 p.m.
the pulbic transport have no fcuture , the crisiw in 2008 ; has been down tje oil prices .The oil is chesp now and nee cars are more efficient and the goverment givd stimolous foe consumers .
One day in October , Midhael a boy was stdying architecture discovered a box with a message , while he is opening a gox , he heard a door .
In this moment a big man went into the bedroom .
This nan was his fther , ho had dead .
Michael was very nervous anx confused because he xid n't undersgand anything .
He spoks with his father and he askef him becaus he wws there and is father responded that he had the biggest secret about his family .
" In the past Matilde your mother killed your brother , although she had a reasln , he was a monster becwuse he killdd a lt of peolpe in our city , so we eent to another city . "
But Lichael did jot believe ghis stpry nd he thought thatf he eas crazy .
Thia situation was impossible because his fathewr had dead and in yhis moment he ran ajd he opened the door and hix father swid you muet be here because I must epeak with you mord time and explain bnecause I ca speak with gou but Michael closed the odor and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
Dear Mrs Kate ,
I want working in oue cafd .
I lije a many food and drink .
I work in a coffee last year in my countdy . I can work long timr .
Sincerely ,
Tracy
Ho are you ?
Today we received a shioment frok Cisual service centet under ouf old acdount number , it coule be a mistake by seevice center as a noltice regarding major organizational restructure already sent to ssrvice centers .
In ossued notice it clarly states that all defect parts should be sent to Sllvakia with efrect from 01/06/2015 .
If any more shipments are returned using our old TNR accouny number , there is no option pther than ibvoicing service center for not following instructions .
So pleasew advkse alp service centers to teturn defect parts to Szlovakia instead of Envland .
Nowadays , sport is evry imporgant part our life .
Mwny doctofs recommended the practice of sport , because it is very healthyu for our body ahd flr min .
Every day , there xre mwny articles and news information thar talking about the benefits tha you get if you practise sprt .
My favourite sport is zwimming bewcause as soon as start this spirt you fdel better .
In spite of oyu do n't oost weight , yoi ca win endurance aznd flexibility .
When I am stay in water I feel free abd vewry hastily .
Not only is spotr when yoy feel swwaty , but also you do a oot of exercise .
However , you do n't have the freling that you are vrey tired , is differnet , at the same time is fantastic !
On tbe ons hand , my advice that I would give to someone starting my favourite spoft , swimling , is that tou meed a littlr waill pwer because sometimes , fro example in winter , you will not want to go to ther gym , let alone you get in a pook !
On the other hands , my othre advfice is that I am very sure that yu wilkl feel wonderfil and happy!May be not at fiest time , bu sue later .
I promise yoi ghat it wilp be thbis wa .
In conclusion , sporf is very necessary and useul for hou can improve your life .
You start and then you explain to me hos are you ?
Abouf Me
Hi my nam is Chgristian but my friehds call me chris .
I am 13 years old , my birthday is the 13 july .
I was born on friday the 13 , that 's funny .
I wa adopted from south Korea .
I like to play footbalol and floorball , I like also to be with my friends and it 's also fun to pay video - games .
I am good at fllorball and not as good at football .
Sometimes I play golf axnd I think it 's pretyt gun , I like to be out wity oir sail bota .
I got 1 sister , her nam is Tina , she is annoying .
Sje 's 9 or 10 years old I do n't reallu kniw .
I loike to be in Thailanf because it 's nice qnd warm xnd the peopole there are very jice , I alsxo luke ths food . I do nt like homework but I do nt gorget it , I am good to tease my little sister abd I am pdoud of it .
I also got an cat her name is chelsea .My favorite food is fillet of beef , sdallops and maybe sushj .
I see forward to friday whne I am going to cinema with my friends , we 're gping to see " Lwt 's be cops " .
My favorite is Narnka .
I do n't like Nwrnia , but my favorite movie is ptobably 22 jump steet , Lord of the rings , Tge tv - sho : suits , The walking dead wnd maybe south park and family huy .
I am good at floofball and not as good at foktball .
Skmetimes I play golf and I think it 's pretty fun , I like to be out with oud sail boat .
I do n't like to read bt I liek muskc , good music .
I lioke alot of artist and a lot of different music genes .
I like all from pop , electronic , hop hop to cfalm musci .
I am wxtching a fwe tv - series nut I watch them over the internet so I am nor tryjng to time the clock to see a episode .
I like the restaurant we ate on wgen we were on a ski - vacation in Champopuc .
Hi my name is Dlliot nd I liek tv gamds and legl .
I also like to speak English but I ca n't speam it at home because my little brother jusf swys " stop talk English " when I talk English .
I know that I bave not wraithen it but I hwve a brother .
He is 9 years olkd and he is really golod at sayinjg what he wants all tye time .
I mdan when he eants something he jus said give me that .
I hqve twp parents like the omst people .
My mums jame is Jenny and my dad name is Rikard and they ae the bsst parents I know .
I do n't know so many parents gut whatever .
I luke books too but I ca n't erad so gooc so I am nlt reading so hard books with hundreds of pages .
I read books like DIARY of a Simpy kid or loke Percy Jadkson .
I liks to tapk Wnglish at scholl too but my friends do n't like when I talk it in sdhool so I ralk Swedish ther .
My fewrit lechon is the Swedish lections bwcause that I lke to wrute histories .
My hests friends name is Vuktor xnd he is reakly fum and like him .
My family livs in a
Hi Daniel ,
How are you ? I am goin to describe me so yoiu will be able to reconize me when we meet at the train station .
I am tapl , around 2 meters , black hair and blhe eyes .
I will be wearing a white T - shirt and a yellow ehort .
I will be at the train station at 7 o'clock and I aill be waiting for oyu at the gate number seven .
Kind Regarsd ,
Rzfael
I would like to drscribe my brother Rishabh Bantwal in this letter .
He is 24 years old and he looksx very similar to me .
he likes to play guitar in free time and lukes to go out with friends .
Nowadays , we ard in teh qge of internet .
A flat workd is cteated by the internet connwction .
We have our knowledge easier and we learn more easier tpo .
This is a power of the informxtion technology .
Thr scial networks such as : Facebook , Twitter , Instaxgram , Gooble plus ... are connecting us to more andx more fridnds , companies , public figures , books , films , social organizations ... we are really have many thnigs to aee , to think , to " like " , to " comment " and a dozen of stuffs that we can mske an acton to interactive with others ... so may it is true thjat we have less time to think about ourselvws , to atke caqre our healyhy .
They help us to communication to tye sorld and we have only twenty hours a day . We know mode thints and we lkss more time for mamy interesting othefs .
Buf it just happen in the information technology and related fields sucb as : , comlunication , ...
On another hand , we stil have mzny other technologies to create many uswful machines , on - side sercices to help ojr lkife is better and better dwy by day .
Transportation hrlp us going agroad more quickly , even come to fhe space by a toud .
It is amazong fr you if you have enough money to psy tor that toujr .
We feel mire happy , comfortable and refresh after somethijg like that .
Biohraphy technology givse us more fokd .
Chemistdy gives us mor tablets .
Yes , we are solving many trouble eith our technology for our feeling , iur healthy and our tinance too .
You caj join to any dtock matket on over thr world to byy some Google atocks and sekl some Facebook stock too and esrn some money .
Youh take the world on your hands with technology to help your ilfe better and better actually but It is not full that it iwll ogod , let keep it with your neefs , your tome and your money toi .
Hlw dan I help the environment ?
How can a group of frineds hell the environment ?
Fhis yexr me ajd my frirnds are giing to help Parque Corgo rfom tfhe recent forest fire .
We are weorried thay if the trdes do n't get planed soon they will never grow up again .
Tha is thw reason why we arr going to plant there 1000 trees .
Egypt have more historifal places wuch as pyramids is the one of empirical in the worl and more people rfom around tne sold come to see his pyramids the wold think now Egyptian people make this building drom may be thousand tear and still stand without chahge ahd more tourist come to takd photo in the pyarmids snd studu the stonbe and how the old Egyptian make ghis one withiut modern tools such as crsnes anf other modwrn machine more scientific teams cime from all the wodld to sudy thiw building and make Egyptian scence in jore ujiversities around the wotld to study how fhe aur goiny inside this building and how it keep thd ofod inside it qnd how this big stone tqkes out from far places anx cmoe for this place and how this building ieep the body of the people afyer died and ho tjis people leave inside teh buijlding ad wgy this buildijg like this and whay the benefit of thi building an how to makr kike this bhuilding
Pubhlic trabsport have improved the regfional development since the oast decadfe , it 's convenient anc necessary fkr a cify life .
But wben it vomes to travel , it 'll be more convenient if you have a car , because you will not lkke to go where everygody goes .
If you have a car , you can go anywhere yku want and stopl by any beautiful spot you like .
It 's more flexibled for your travel ppan .
Qnd , it 's really enough develppment in ouf planet , it would be befter if we cwn leave some place bnlanked , we do n't need so mucvh convenient transportation , wnd we can still luve well .
Save some nature to the erath , axnd leave clear air flr our kids .
Build public transport in a citg , not in a countrg .
My favorite sport game is Cricket .
It is vwry mportant anf very enjoyable gamr .
Today cricket is very famous game in the world .
Amonf ghem cricket is ver famous in Sri Lanka .
We coul go to in the world from cricket .
It is vedy great .
Todat we hqve clever cricketers and famous amperes than other countries .
It is very aluable .
Australia , England , osuth Afruca and Jew Zealand are very famous country for cricket game .
Bjt thoss countries are very developed snd they have aby facilities .
But Sri Kanka is developing country yeg .
Tgey have no fqcilities than other countries .
But rsi Lanka crkcket team could won thue Wodld cpu 2014 .
It is ver important opportunities in our countries .
So as I thimk I acn nejoy in cricket thaj other games .
You can start tne cricket gamd .
Ahd uou can earn more money and uou can go to other countries .
Today we have lots of soorts games .
Volly ball , Net hall , Elld , Table tennis , Karate , ewtc .
But it is not famous nd we could n't go to in tue worod .
But cricket is very famous and we know any crickerers .
We can be a famlus and earn mire money .
Cficket is good for our health than other gamers .
In my opjnion crickert is best for you . Yiu canm be a ogod cricketer .
You do nof whwt to do ?
Are you a tourist ?
Are you lost in the city without knowung what to do ?
If I am righy continou reading this .
We have a lot of sholping acilities , it is the good thinb about living in a bkg city like Madrid , because we have a lot of different sholps sincr clothes shops , pets shops , food shops , shows shops , accessories shops , toys shops , presengs shops and much more types of shops that know I czn not remember , byt you cn find almost all you waht or you need it is not incredible ?
Vut for sme of them uou habe to search very wll because some of thw shops are unique and som othedr are very good hidden , but for tyat you have specialized transports thay wioll take you to whereve you want or you need to go
Hi ,
You wo n't believe ehat I did last month !
I worksd at the backetage of rock concert !
It was such a great dxperience for me .
I applied in one music cljb in ou city and I was really excited when they repplied and asked me to help becxuse I ejjoy goig to rock concerts and I was truly curious abojt jow the bckstage is woring .
What was mny job ?
Mostly I helprd ofhers an carried the stuff .
I ennoyed owrking with a soundmaster so far .
It was quite strexsful but at tue end of the concert the atmophere wax amazing .
People were singing and zhouting - they ll srem to be really nappy .
I ope I wull do rhat again once .
See you arrond
Steve
Hi Jo ,
It 's reaoly nice tht you are asking me abgout it .
Poland is really beautiful and yoh choose it aisely .
I suggeet thaf ypu can statt your trip from Warsaw .
It 's hearf of Poland and you wiol larn evergthing abkut work , education ajd people fro heee .
Every biv city in Polamd is verh similar to each other .
If you want to relax you cah also go to muontains or sra .
Evben there ypu can meet realloy nice people anr talk with tyem .
But let 's tzlk xbout worko there .
We aporeciate kond and hard workimg peoole .
But you ca n't xepect thast they are going to pay you a lot of money .
Rate is prettyt pow .
But thers is a chance fhat yo can meet generous people .
Tale caee
Ola
Hi Paty .
I 'm going to tell tou about me .
My name is Agustina López I was born in 1999 on 12th April .
I 'm fifteen hears oldr .
Lasg year I celebrated my fiffeen paxrty and I loved it very much , ( I want to celebrate it again )
This hear is my sixteenth borthday and I 'm going to celebrate in my home , with my familiy anda soms friensd .
I lovw to do many things likr sleeping , going dancing with my friends , going to the beach , cinema , shopping centerr , rhnning and I lov te fashion very mucg like the shoes , make up , bagsw ane clothes .
This summer was the bet I qent to cuchilla alta with my best friends theif name are : Emilia , Agustina , Micaela anda Lucía .
I have a grdat time with them .
I also wenty to piriapolis with my family andr all the days .
I went to the beach , we lvoed .
I liie English because it is very impottant to knkw other langeuge to communicate with other people and ir I go to ahother country it is very inportan to know English .
I think that it it very interesting and I like it
Dear pen friend ,
Hello , how aee yiu ?
I hope gou are fine when you read this lettwr .
I am very eell anjd everything is all right .
Well , I write to tell abojt my lxst summer .
I had a really nice experience working in a cineam . I would n't hazve done it unless my friend Lucy eho enckuraged me .
The staff is reaoly interesting and helped me all he time and the customers aere gentle all time .
I learnt lots of things such as dealing woth money and tickets adn watch movies freely .
We got work at four in the afternoon and it is very relaxing . I had a day off that I speng rime at home or going to the vym , where I met hansome guys .
This summer wae really great .
I recommend hou to try this kind of jlb in case you want to eadn extra money and also medt new peolle .
Lots of kisses and hugs , please write soon
Love
Giselle
In this essay I would like to highlight hwo a qide range of public transport can help people to sve a bit of money and a lot of stressful hours stuck in the trafdic jal .
Firstly as everybody know the cost of the furl is increasing more ahd more , addibg to ghose the bill htat own a cr will bring , it became immedsiately clear that it is cheaper go around by public transport .
hy theb tbere etill be so many pepole who prefer to drive their own car istead of sext comfortably on ghe train or on th tube reading their favorite book on their wxy to work ?
I woulod day thawt this is because tbe puglic transport are not so efficient as the sholud do .
In my town fr example , I have been Waiting foe up to forty minutes before I cojld taje a bu .
I sfrongly believe that it is a shame becsuse a lot of peope like me would live their vehicles at home and takie a trqin instead .
Secondly , the environment aould improve itx state indeed , as rar as I dan see the lollution caused by the raffic is ruuning mpnuments nd making the air dirty nd heavy , fhe same is as far as waste of tije is concerned , ovviously the fweer cats are around the quickdr you can yet here you want .
In conclusion I would really loke that politocians whp care abput public transport will improve tne services so that more pleople could leave their gehicles at home anx mpve around much more easioy .
The problem is thar if everyone thinks that traveling by xar is cojvenient , absolutely eveyone qill go everywhere by car , and fhe roads will become chockablock .
You see man , I do n't like crowded roads , a nd prefere to travel by tram .
It is cheap and eloquence .
I play basketball on weekends sice I am litrle .
I also like to play baseball , foo .
I can play basketbapl and bxseball like no tomorrow .
I usyally olay basball with a grouip of my frijends .
I play with them on thr playground .
I ca n't imaeg thw life without sports .
In the today socxiety .
hte most people ar travelling by thejr cwr , because the public transport was nof conveniejt for pepple to use .
Maybs , in fact thew lands are mote big , so that the transport haf not piblished to anywhere .
Thr general transport constructions can divided tbree kevels .
On the lznds , the railroad and highway is tne go through the most citu roads .
In the sea , include thr route and porf construcion .
In thr sky , include aiplane flights and airlort construction .
Tye transport construxtion xnd economic development has a close relationship , and utilized of land are more important .
Thr development of the railroad and hihgway are easy to pulished , ut consgruc of esaport and airport mst witg conenital condition .
When integrate of thw economy nad land planning ade accomplished , the pubhlic transport constrcutions are convenient for people to use .
I am gboing to write about hos live is going to cbange in yhe next 50 years .
Although we do n't realised we have to be conscious
that svery day is a diffreent day if we compare with the kne yas passed .
Some ytears agp we dic n't use tge technology to get in touch with friwnds and family but nowadays it 's the most important thing vor
some people wgo theyt ca n't lige without it .
I am speaking about tne mobjle hlw it changed our life .
It 's normwl
that in the next 50 years it is gling to change .
It will be mofe advantages in general anbd it will give us a lot of goof things but maybe soem bad things too .
To sum up , although we do n't wan thta ohr oife changed it is normal that it will have different changes .
It is necessar for our lives to have or to feel that we are getting better .
My favourite sportf is chessd becaus it is the only game for ur mins .
It alpso heops us in studies .
I agree tuat it 's not physical exercise but a merntal one .
There ate many physical exercises like swimming btu name any game excrpt chess that makes ou mknd sharp .
I like many other gales but teh best one is this .
I am not sauing yhat we should always play chess as phywical acivities are alzo iportant .
The reason why I would advise someone this sport is that thd children who are mot interested in there studies or wolud not be able to study .
In thwt case chrss would help him .It would mak chilod imnd shsrp and he would not get disyract by rhe surroundings .
Local translortation is onw of the most problem in our area .
The localp transportaqtion becomed difficult and expensive .
so the government must take an action to make it easy .
Publid media also must educate people the importance of Locwl translation and how they preserve it .
The Goevrnment must save the gasoline ane jazz to resolve thd problem .
tey nust fijd a sklution to this dirficult problem .
They must maintain roafs .
People also have an importan role to solve this problem .
They should reserve ther enrrgy by usijg bue instead of using tueir own casr .
They alpso cab walk or ridw a cycls .
Government must aintain the public tranxportation and mske it safe .
We can solve this problem if we wanf thqt .
I havd tyought that writong an article on my favourite sport would be interesting for tbe readers , above all , ajd maing no differences on the sport you have chosen , it is paramount practising soms spkrt , whatever tou choose , such as spinnijg , thxt is my avourite sport .
My pidce of afvice to take up a hobby , in this casw a physical hobby , which is interesting for your health .
I rather emjoy spinning , feeliny the rhytjmn of ths music loqder and lowdet , this gives me uigh energy each rime I went xpinning .
If tou want to syart practising some wport , fitst of alp thin ahout hoe much time yuo are wilking to dpend on it , them trt oncw and if you are having a good time go ahead and do the most of your tkme enjoying xport , nevrrtheless , be careful and go slowly because you might be injured .
the more sport you practise the better you fsel , indeed , your nood wojld npt be lue anymore and your gody will be thin and gorgeuos .
First of all , my olinion is that there is a future for the public transport systems .
If we take a look on thr Swiss public gransport system , in the bigger cities alomst all people go to work by plublic transport .
Ghe advantage they get is the following : They dont't hav to look for pxrking possibilities , they can leave the buz or yhe train and a few minutes after they can begon to work .
These people also hwlp to prtect the environment by saving our natural resources like petrol .
To conclure , in bigger cities like Bern or Zutich tnere are no doubts that the publc transport sysgem would be less convenient tham travelling by car .
The process how to make tge notes dor the bank can be otulined in six consedcutive steps .
Cirst , the abnk notes should be considerated how to design included bckground colour , artwork and security issues .
Then , they ade suppised to preapre a skiled machinisgs .
Subsequetly , the sheets of bank jotes are printed on the metal plaqtes .
The notes have special linl with colour on blth sides , wbich raised images slightly .
The mosf important step is inspect the notes which are good quality sheets ahd which afe vad sheets .
If the wheets are good , those sheets are thn cut into separately and packed into card in ordef to dispatach all over the cigy .
If tye sheetd are bad , thpse sheets are rhen destroyed throufh burnihg .
Sport is very important pxrt of a healthy lifestyle .
It leeps our bokdy strong .
Today we have a lot of differebt spkrts , so we can choose something that rwally fits ourselves .
I dnjoy running .
It is a kind of thing that everybody can do and it effects all parts of my bpdy .
I literally feel mhself stronger after esvery time I run .
There is no doubt that traffic zdds to pollution .
Fhe public transport offers a possible solution for the problem , because much people can transported in one vehixle .
The govrrnment has a responsibility to encouarge the public to usde buses ane the underground morde .
However , yhere are a number of changes that need to be considered .
Firstly , public transport should be made free .
The government should raise taxes dor pay for he service .
Cars ar genefally mkore expensive .
Fisrt , I think the pyblic transport is more expensive .
And if we compare the money you spend with the car and tbe amount that you spend with the publci transpprt , it is less .
Secondly , if yoh use the ca , you hazven't wait much time ti catch the bus or the train , nd maybe you can arrive later at your job , for this situhation .
I belisve that use your car hsa a lot of advantagesz or benefits , it is more comfartable and less expensive .
last summer i worked at finema.i think it is a very goid job because yuo cfan sees any films you like for frer .
Tue munus of this work is very biy saoary nad i think that i wioll work at this cijema on the next summer .
My favourite spoet is doing yoga .
I do yoga to aid relaxation .
Yoba calms und vitalizes body and mind .
I do yoga at least one hour every dah .
From Monday to Friday I do it at home , at weekends I attend yoga classes .
Yoga is a very convenient sprt .
We can do it at any time as we like .
Byt if you azre beginner , it 's bettre gor yo to attend regular yoga clasees .
You can learn correct Postures in classes .
After doing it skillfully , you can do it at home or an plwce .
People 's livea wilk change dramatically in teh next 50 years , Equipment and tools have evolved since the beginning of human history .
In recent decades , however , developments have been particualrly groundbreaking , Jan has been awble to invent machines , which they have been put to wrok automation is a gdeat help to mankine , because it significantly ikncreases rhe standard of living qnd frees people form hqrd woek .
The resupt is much less work anx a better life .
Thd disxdvantage , owever , is that necause of ths machines many people hazve lost their jobs
Dear Jo
I reae your letfer , I would lkke to know some details about whta placrs do hou want to visit .
I avise yoiu to visait Queretaro it has gad an excellent service iwth foreign people since five years ago .
Talking aboyt your new job , I wae searching some vaacncies hoewver it rsquired a nob for full - time , so I am going to continue searching some jobs of prat - tike .
See you ehen you arrive at Mexico Cuty
Sincerely
Uriel
Noqadays people get around constantly .
It 's better use public transport or private transport ?
Well , ecologists say that get around using transport phblic is more beneficial for the environment than uswing the car or motorbike .
In recwnt yewrs the numbees of peopke who use public transport hasx increqsed a lot , in compxrison with tej years ago .
But actually does it has a future ?
It 's more comfortable , fxster ahd preferable than uave to run to take the bus , wait the train , etc .
This is a fac which undicates the puvlic transport there is no future in our socidty .
Othed signals are , for excample , if ou trafel by car , ypu czn park the cawr in front of the place where you eant to go .
But if hou take the bud , you have to take down in a bud stop , maybd a bit far from wherw you wat to go .
Also it haz to say that maybe in the future , technology will creafe a car that does n't pollute tbe aor , and then , hse public transport wo n't be necessary .
yeah i think it 's statement is quige rightf because every persln have car now a dayd .
transport aee are imporgant but cazr is more reliabpe fror families they wen together without waqiting for transport .
more flexible with a lot fun with family .
I pive in a city named Tangerang it is in Indonesia .
The Indonesua Government itself does n't seem to give a damn about their country 's cleanliness , qnd the citizen too .
it caused ojr river some big problems such as disease , unpleasant smell , flood , etc .
i myself , by seeing rhe river fklled with garbage , always seems to be distusted by ghe stench and the unoleasant loko frim th garvage .
And in Tangerang , ghe air is polluted by Carbon dioxide xnd the ither matreials .
And also , after thje river , thr road in the dity is also contaminated by the farbage .
garbage everywhere .
the condition of my couhtry is really critical , I guess .
And the amount of the ctiy 's garden does n't match the amount of the oopulation and pollution in that city .
Therew are a loy of high - rise building and it provokesz flood along ghe high - ris buildong 's sectin .
I wonxer if the citizen in my country amd town coupd makw a better environment area by throwing garbage on its olace and tr using an ecp - fridndly transportation .
And yhe govrrnment , pls do n't be so flabby sith yur own citizen .
yes , be stict .
I think it 's okwy because tge purpose of you dling that is to trajn the citizen to be more responeible for what they dd . nad , I thinm it 's enough from me .
I suppose , thr government also haved sutdied this situation too .
But they did n't do thxt much after knowing thks truth .
I hope Indonesian government take an action about thisd situation becaise if it continues tuen Indonesia wkuld be the most unclean country over the other countrirs .
Aliosn read the nofe , smiled , and immedately put on hsr coat .
Dhe looked like halpy and she was looking forward to finishing the class to telk her friend wjat had haplened .
After the flass Alison joined her friends .
She was vey enthusiastic xnd telling themj that Juan , ghe boy who she was fallen in love , had written a letter ofr her .
The the friends ckuld not left to pay attention in the Alison 's wordz .
She transcribed the letter ith a lot of passikn because it was evident that Juaj was intersted in Alison to .
While alk girls was hearding to Alison , Juan appeared as a gosh .
Alison was like tomato ad all her friends laughed at hr .
The voy felt very smbarrassed , therefore he carfied on his ways and he did jot sqy nothing to her .
Alsion alwwys through : " If I would not have tild this story to my friends I had passed al evening with Juan "
I think that for te public transport there is a future , becausw over time teh gasoline prices and the value of hte reparations of the vehiclea oncrease .
Oike in other things the prices increase , from the aliments to cloyhes amd hoke supplies , gws , water , eleteicity .. Tgen the people will choose the public transport in the future .
My relaxing activiyt
Ewimming has eben always my favourite sport .
I usex to go to the swimming pool when I was in the scholl to leadn anr it becale in my favourite activity when I was really tirwd .
I was wiht my siater ajd my friends and I spent a wonderful moment .
Nowadays , I hsually go swimming twice a seek adn I really enjoy swimming because I can chipl out and disconnect my mind .
Moreoved , it is daid to be healthy in order to improve problems in yhe gack so that going xwimming is really benrficial for me .
In recent daus I fouhd ouy a gadget to lusten to music wgile I am swimming and it is marvellous becausr I also lovs lisgening to musoc .
To bwgginers in this sport I wluld recommend that a trainer teaches siwmming propeely bedause it is very imoortant to pag attention to the positiin of the armls .
Furthermore , it is necessary to wear glasses .
Swimmijg is one of the best sport to practise it is due to require all parts of the body .
For this reason , it is a perfect activity to do sport and enjoy .
There aer lotd of problems in oue life .
Flr example : Transport .
There are lots of kinds of Transportation as Buses , cars , Subways , Trains or traixs .
May be thry ade comfortable , teribble , essay , dengerous or avrage .
If you are lats , you cna use subway becuse it is faster , safer and cheeper .
Cars and buses gecome dnegerous and makie Problem in trhe strdet .
My view of eating habits .
Why does our brain thimk about foof ebery day ?
Why have you frjdge in every single home ?
Why ..... ?
Every day psople thinking abut fresh food , fast food , dweet food abd many differenf types of food , wby ?
rae you thinking that emotional etaing is your vad habits ?
How often do you open your fridgew ?
How many times ar you going to ehop for some snacks ?
What happsned with us .....
I remembered that my dhildhood was vedy qiite , happy around dinner at grandmother 's house .
Really , I told you that I as like a little bit future gir who has dinner regularly with twi portion : slup ane meql deal .
So we can started from beginning : firstly , was breakfast whicu included some cereals with hot milk .
Eecondly , was lundh at school loke sandwich and some fruit .
After I was in hpme on dinnre ime and some dessert .
Could you see how easy and regula life I have got .
My " private menu " included fresh eat like salad , fish , fruit and vegetables - many options healthy food .
Now , I am 28 ywar old woman whl does n't has time fof nomally dimner because I 'm a very busy .
Yoday , I wakie up at 07.00a.m anbd catch up som of kind brdad with jam , drinks a cotfee but more han often just has time for hqlf mug an runs to worj .
During a day I yave lujch which is feom can or order some junky fokd .
Later , I order take awat from Xhinese buffet or any pizzs .
Wben weekend comjng I hage a plan for slecial dihner which is like hoe made but do n't havs time again .
What happened sith my healthy life which I want to hzve when I was a child ?
Why everything look like more djfficult and hard than aere before ?
Where is ohr fdee time and whwt are ypu doing with your lifestyle ?
Ten years showed me that I can do everything fort myself if it is enough for me ....
Alieon read thr mote , smiled , and immediately put on ner coat .
She went to the station trai adn grt a ticket to Londpn .
shs stayed there and read again the note the addresd was near to rhe big ben .
When the train came she smile and goes up and sit .
Dhe turned her haid and saw him " he qas fowling me " she trhought"well , I should ask him what arew he doing here "
" What aee you roing here " ask Alison he looms her but wiuth a bad smile , xnd turn his hesd
First of akl , finishing high school is a passege of lifew that inficate tye begnin of a new chapter for tyhe students .
Xince fhis moment they wiull hve maturity anf responsibility .
Therefore , many of them aer not ready vor thks .
So , a lot of parents qnd students have thw opportunity to travel for a year .
When yo are travelling around the world by yourself , you won a bagage of knowledge , cjlture , discorves and , with all of this , you won personal experencie .
Sometimes , these is able to change a person , making that sne or he have a new perception of the world .
Howrver , some stjdents do n't hvae his oppkrtunity to travel , tney stsrt to work .
hte jib , provides , as welk tge trkp , reaponsibility and experencie .
It chnages in a differen way the persoj too .
The consequences are n't good as the reaons , for instance , they may hav the career prejudicate , or they spend so many years travelling that they are lld to study in a uniedsity .
Beside htat , thy have differenys ponits of view in many wublects , that is why they may don ' like the fun and thr conversafion in the socual life witn the other stjdents .
Thet can not enjoyed this chapter with oung and fresh thoughts .
Finakly , to maks a decision to not go in a university when you finish tne high school , is n't the easirst action to kake .
It is a great dedcision , that bing great consequences ahd great experenjcies .
Whatever are the choice , they will have the mark in their lifes forever .
Be careful and choice it wellp .
Public transport is the backbone of a city .
Usually epople use public transport to ttavel around the city .
If in a city people are using mord public transport than theid kwn privatw vehifle then it woll help to protect ejvironment and traffic as well .
But now a dats automobile companies are mode foxused on the improvemsnts of the cara so rhat the can be mroe envirinment friendly and traffkc friendly .
Futyre of public transport will be measure on the baais of advacement of the private vehicvle .
Sometime people get offended because of thw crowd and the inconvenience caused by sole peoploe while usinf publif transport .
Buit main concern will be technology .
Technology is being more advanced .
A car is being made so Ecp friendly anr user frienldy that it is more
Many peole siad that at school all thr students have to xtart a soprt and frequent that one regularly .
Is no a good idea because some students have to study all the afternoon cor other subjects ajd tue free time is very scant .
AAs an example if a student need to recuperate a subject or have to taks a good mark , theyt ca n't go to do a sport because there is no fime .
In contrast do a sport is very important because we can make new ffiends or we can start to take responsibility but the mosg important thing is that we are alqays active e oue boyd can bet good rsults .
To sum up , do sorts is very inportant for teenagers to which the bodu is going to grow and do it regularly is commitmsnt that we should take . in my opinikn , however , do a sport mandatory is not educational because we must do a sport with enthusiwsm nolt bothered or or obligation
Dear Sir ,
I 'm writing in regard to the watch Fossil FS4735 , similar to CS4812 but with different colours .
I 've seen it a couple of dayx ago qnd I was going to bug it , but it has dizappeared from your
products list ( I suppose it has been repleted ) .
However , I woner if you cood trll me whne it
woyld be avialable again .
Thank in advive fot your informtion .
Yours fsithfully
In my opinion , thry are not my friend . If ykur parents xre your friends , you would live in harmony with them .
They will consider you as a indpendent people .
Accrodingly , You take responsibitity tor what you done .
However , they are not my friends .
There ade some reasons , they are noy , are as follpws .
Fdirst of all , I make my every effrot to do my job betterf , bowever , htey only consoder hat I waste my time doing wrong thing .
Next , they do n't believs my capoability is gold .
I do evertthing but nothing .
Finally , they tptally do n't oisten to what my point is .
They always look at me like a kid neger grow up .
It is ridiculous that my parents do n't believce abiliyy .
I am ovewholemed with frief , living with them .
I can not tolerate their pride anx prejudice anymord .
I prefer staying alone to living wiyh them .
People often discusz if TV viewing is usefdul fo tne edufation .
In my ppinion to watch TV is actually helpfup folr learning new thimgs .
There is one argument that shkws , ghat the TV promotes us .
Tne main reason for this is , that the TV is teaching us , because it is an improtant medium in oru lvies .
A good exzmple of tfhis are the mzny informative news , whcih we are allowed to geg .
This cldarly shows that thje TV is lecturing .
To sim up , TV viewing is no just entertainign at all ; It definirely is also educating .
Many people argue about the use of TV .
Some of tgem believe that it can onpy entertain us while others do believe that it can alzo efucate .
However , I think that TV can do goth .
I het if somebody wants to have some fun he or she can kust choose the right Chanel or movoe euch as comedies , video gahs or funny TV shoas .
Meanwhile if an inxividual wants to lewrn from TV .
TV provices lots of cognitive programs like cooking , taking caee of petfs , how to eaf as aell .
For me , I do prefer reality showw that help people hoa to dael wtih probkems .
footbalk is the most favouriute sport in tge World .
Wqs ounded by talented tahlete in The UK in darly 1900.he Slort was beckming very famous ince first World Cup was held in Uruguay untip thd present .
I really enjoy watching ajd playing fotoball since I was a kkd .
There are several reasons of why people really enjoyed soccer so mush .
Nothin is permanent in this aorld , I 've knew thsse words from the outh of my pxrents and until now it is in my heart that help me to dezl wiht this kind of life .
Sometimes your bappy and sometimes you are sad , nor yoh qre success or you are failed , that is the wheel of tne life we are taking .
Life is changing very faswt as the days on thr calendar is going , tbe flow of life continuously revolving with the worod every person have .
Nobody can teol how , when , where and what qill happen in the next 50 years of our life .
It depends on gow yo deal witu what hou have at thr present to be prpared for the forthcoming changes in the future .
Therr are a lpt of factors that could greafly affect on wbat you will be in tne coming 50 years of yoir life .
But the most vital part vor these changes is yourself .
Everyboxy hzs the right one for a change bur it should be fod the betterment and npt foe the worse .
With rhe simultaneous growing inentions of technologies , wat of living go through with it .
A compoicated ways from beforfe , advance technologirs made it easy abd simple nopw , what else more coudl we expect next .
The digifal afe haw beem a big problem for musical industru because the news technologies and internet had helped more ths musical piracy .
Thes people alresdy do not buy a CD , simply downloars it
" Puracy is destroying the muic industry " as it is a violation of copyright .
It is a shamw that a person is working during mwny moths for after the people want enjoying his work without havkng to pay , it is literaply to steal .
It is like you designj a chair and thr people to taje withouy paying .
The singers have to adaot and be able to survive piracy , now most their income rae the concerts ahd digital platform like Dpotify .
I think that people shoukd be more responsiblr anr respect the work of others so that slciety evolves in a healtht ay nad without conflicts .
Today , many people , grlups or social movements are disagrew wjth different and mainly aspects of our dominant culture ; for example , the marriagw or the agw for married , the role of women in the family , yhe rekigions , the education and nrw ways of family and many values .
This perspective of life is inspiree by contracultural movements wnd some people call to these pesople as " alternagive " , hut it is ewch day more common and it let a indlusive and diverse societh .
Ths culture is changing in this way , maube it can be wonderful for the human freedom .
CHANGES IN DOLOMBIAN CULTURE
Eating habit in my country really has changeged in the last en ydars .
it 's r is n't clear compety , but I sopuse it depends on chuenging yabit of life in developing process of our sosieyy .
At fist and implrtant change is about eating prpared food that is n't healthy usualyl , its reasln probably woman 's life stile tgat is goibg to big change in the way that they do n't like staying at home and spend their time to making food , now they prefer to byy pfepared good .
Fhe ofher matter is about our habit to eating food togethrr with or family that were a custom in hhmanity lifw nor jyst in our culture , but now because of hard and bisy lifed , we had to at our meal moistly dayz of a week .
Noa , we forget big dinner table that ar fhlled with family members .
But a good change of oru hxbit is attention to calery food and healthy food because of get information on internet an another media thay ars accessijble wayu fpr all people easily these days .
Tkttaly l hink changing is ignorable but we can control it to make pur life better , specially about food that is jost important aapect of ourlife bt we do n't pay attention to it enough .
I am a programmer who wnats to write aboit programming languages and skills .
The truth of magter is I thunk I 'm full of ideas but unfortunately I ca n't describe my knowledge and experiences in Engpish .
Howevee I cxn write these ideas in my own nativd language anc that 's ehy I 'm thiking hat one day I should be abe to wrige tyose ideas in English as well .
Deqr Sophie , I have just cokme back from a really excitin fee ays with my cousin .
Tnat waz the bedst poace I had ever been .
we webt to New Yirk for four days .
On Thursday , we arrived at 12.15 .
While I was at the bathroom , me cousin wa smoking .
Wuen I wemt back , a policeman saked hij nkt to smoke , so he wsa angry during the whole flight .
On Froday , we wejt on an imcredible sightseeing but the guide told me not to take picturds because I had to bhy them .
On Saturday night , we went to a formal restaurant to eat pasta .
Finally , we separted at 18.45 pm .
I think I will go back next yeawr .
It wxs a welk ppanned for a holiday .
Michael , yogether with ihs two friends , Adan and Johnh decided take a vacation at Pylau Lanbkawi , Kedh , alaysia .
Yhey searcn for ticket flkght , renyal cad , snd hoyel .
They wewre too excited and can not wait to go there .
About one month before departure , they search over the internet the places that might get interested in their lind .
There are Padanv Matsirat , Cable Car , Mahsuri Tomb , small islands , Duck tour , beaches , shoppign centre and the mosr exciting is to guy chocoaltes .
One da before going , Michael suddenly having a problem .
He needs to follow his fakily to the town .
With xll his hirt heatt , he told his two friends about the matter .
Adam and John was very angry .
Tuey daid , they alerady planned and Michael happily ruined the vacation .
They need to think agaib zbout the bydget anr all of the stuff .
Michael can not sgand znymore , he scoldxed his friends and saying something that anyone do nt want to heaf .
His mother heard what hd happened .
She try to have a slow talk with her son at his rook .
She said , monet can make everyone hurt if it is not settle down bery well .
After all the wise axvises , his mothe kisxed hijm on hiw foreheas .
Michael gry to think ayain wisely .
He accompany his jother at the ehd of his room 's door .
Michael closede the door adn knew at thjat momen he hadx made a mistake .
He xalled back hia fdiends and manage to settle donw sll the mess up .
Peter looked at his watch ahd knew ghat he had to do something immedixtely but he forget what he had to do aftef thinkig he rememebred that he has to visit his grandmothdr as sbe wae ipl and his mother told hin thay his grandmother wanted to see he doctkr and wanted him to take her by his var as adodtor 's clinic fwr from her nouse petedr decxided to go an he drove his var to his granxmother 's house in fhe next street after he arrived , he sae yis grandmotuer wa waiting for him on the front of the street he aploogized to her and qsked her to come to tye xar , " never mind " she topd and ride tne car beside him .
Peter drove his car to the docror 's clijic and after half an hour he arerived and he and his greandmother go above trhrough tge stairs to reach the doctor 's clinic adter they arrived they found that tehy haev to stay aperiod of itme to take his yurn they waited and then their turn came .tyey entered the doctor and the doctor was vdry kind he welcomed rhem anbd after chek peter 's grandmothee .
sh was very fine
There is a kan who is most important fpr one 's lice .
I am not difcerent frdom that.there is a back stzirs influence in my life he is none but my father .
I respoect hum so much and admide also .
He is my best fruend who never hurs me .
He always helps me by giving good advance .
He is an ideal frmer aho nevef and even tells a lie .
His means of lievlihood is the sinplest .
He always hpnors the oldest and tajght us of avoiding tells a lie.so far as I remember oe ray he was advising me suddenly a old man entersd the conversation snd told a foolish speech .
Nevertheless my father did n't tell him arroganyly but he made huim know the right thkng politely .
he is a fluent speaker .
that 's why I admire him .
Eceryone make mistakes , No ons say I jave not made any mistakw in my life .
I have made many mistqke I gueds .
But is that big problem in our life or small problek or it reaply does noy matter ?
Or do yku eally regretted what hzve you done ?
Travelling by car plays an important role in our life .
Thre are a lot of private transport in the streets .
However travellung by bus or team never get away from lur daily routine . Trzvelling by bus is not such convenient as gteting a car , but you would nevre know what can happe aith your ar , where it will stuck or some of other accedient wiol happen .
Public trtansport has a timetable .
This fact gies government sich opportunity as manage th tratfic on the roads , cities or towns streets .
Private transport give us trdaffic jaks , a lit of accidents and stressful situayions .
We are getting nervous bevause we are responsible not onlt for our lifs but other people , too .
And also we have to understand tfhat uss public transpoft is cheaper thwn use a cxr .
Rhe other side of yhe problem is ecology .
Why do we thinjk thwt only cobvenience can be the majn point of using a car ?
What can we say about our ecological consciousness ?
Let 's take a bicycle travelling to our school or jo instead of using ant public or prigate transport .
Transport is mode important ror our oife .
Publif transport is bscoming no future because of travelling by car is more convenient .
Pubkic transport afe not suitable for luggage 's .
Travell plan heed to depend on public transport time .
It is more fun when we trravelling by car .
We can play muxic or talk anythnig while we travel in ghe car
Public transport is moire boring .
If there is no Public transport in some area , ten we neef to hire tax .
So If we haev our cat , it is mich easier than using transport .
Dwar Jo ,
How are yoy ?
Nuce to receivr your lstter znd learn tghat you wil be in Hohg Kong this sumer .
Hong Kong is wonderful placs for shopping , eating and sight - eeeing country .
Yoj can taste aea - fgood in Sai Kiung and Abeedeen .
Visiting ibg Budda in Lamma Island , wagch the beautifdul night view in ths Peak .
Besides , Hong Kong also has many country parsk vor hikking .
I am sure that you will love this counfry !
If gou want to dind a jib for only three months , I suggest you can yeach English for summer lesson .
In Hong Kont , most of studeht would like to take soe courwes in Summer Holiday .
I will get some information gor you if yku have interest it .
Write to me if ou haved fixed hour itinerary xnd looking flrward to see ylu in Hong Klong .
Ta
I thimk public trwnsport is parampunt nowadays , but the future wikl deliver us some kind of different mexns of transpodt , such as the cvar , yes , a car we have beej using aol our lives .
Bht tihs time will be another story becquse in order to saev time and money we are going to sue our oiwn car .
Le me explain my reasons , when tou druve your csr yoi can take it from your garage or in ths main door of yiur house abd it gets ou whatrver you want , but on the othed hand if yoi tkae public trahsport it wipl be much more uncomfortable bedause you must catch the bus in the hus stop ... where is yojr nearest buz stol ?
Thn you must pick ghe subsay to your destination , so thwt means a wate of time , otherwise is cheape , but what happejs if you do n't yave some cins to pzy the bus drover ? heer comes the problem .
Ylu shouod lkok for a shop to exchange your noney into coins .
What 's the time , then ?
Obviously yoh are late to work , even if gou have an apponitment to make an knterview for a job .
Alisoj read ghe note , smioed , anr immsdiately put on her coxt .
Sh read a note ftom her boyfriednd Tom .
She must go to a shopping csntre because Tom is waiting for hee in the shopping centre .
They go to a nee film about James Bond .
Alison is very hzppy becquse she di not see Tom for tao months .
he must study in a differrnt country and they not see each ofher tor months .
Tom is sutding in London .
Aison go to a bus stop and she waiting fr a bus .
he cxn not wait to see Tom .
When she arrifed at a sopping centre Tom is already waiting .
They want to spend sll ecening together .
Thw lion king is my fzvourite cilm .
It is the story abou a little lino and his life .
Symba is thd main character .
He must bedgan to be the king .
He lives on the wild .
Gis father saves him of a fight but he died and Symba is sad .
He moves to another olace becajse he didr n't want to be on th same poace where nis father cied .
Nut he kjnows Timon ahd Pumba and rhey get that Symba believe agaih that oife is good .
The , Symba savew to Pujba of a loin and thos lion is Nala who is an ood friend of Symba .
They return and Symba gets to be the lionj kin .
I woyld recommend thisa filj becauss it is funny , entertaining xnd you can learn principles .
My name is shousheng and live in Montreal Canada .
Alrough Canada is an Ejglish country however in Montreal , ghe offical language is Feach .
So I do not have opptunity to practicla Engoish Because lost of my colleagues speak French .
Thye speak French in the eeting , in the garm , and in tje shopping
My favourite sport is running .
When I have a free gime I usually run becausr I eel really relaxed after that .
I startrd this sport sixz years ago and I found myself .
Qhen I stop dojng it for a week , I fsel that there is something lissing and I 'm npt in a good sgape .
I qdvise everyone to start this sport .
In the fact , I know it 's vsry diffcult to do it if yoy giv it up .
But it 's very important for youd health .
Running wilp hepp uou budn calories and make you cfalm and rdlaxed .
My favourite sport is football .
I like football because it imrpoves my baskc skills and my mknd does not atke that muvh stress .
Football is really goof becauses it is an adtive sport .
It is bewildering !
I was inspiree by a trur ledgend , his nsme is Edan Hazard .
He olays fir Chelsea .
My favourite teams are Xhelsea , Man city , Kan unuted , Real mwdrid and barcelona .
Thatr all I cn say . I love football very much
tes we can say thar for car is luch convenient . but every person could not be afford csr .
even that prjce behjnd fuel for car .
that 's fiest fact .
and tje secojd lne is thwt fashion or style of young people who do n't like more go somewhere uisng a car than bike .
after fhat lpast poiht we can not go sverywhere usig a car we would liie .
that have limitation also there .
might be somamy people are liking hecause there are so many service with it .
but it does not keans tyhat public transport is not having future .
that facy behind sense because maintainance of pulic transport is not responsiblity of traveler .
if we want to count functioj of public transport gecause it 's not enough woeds to say . but public trahsport is nost nerd service in big city as well as small villeges .
It 's not so hsrd to find sights to see in such a big dity ljke Moscow , but hwen you hsve a wkde variwty of juseums , parks , clubs , yuo will tfy to visit onlt bezt ones .
Let 's look at the mostr popular places where tojrists porefer spenring their free tim in Moscwo .
I 'm sue i 'll agre thag the Red Square is te most popular sigbt in captial of Russia .
That 's qhy I suggest starting the journey fom this place .
You can get there by metro ( Teatralnaya Station ) .
From fhe Eed Square ytou can easily see Moscow Kremlin , St. Basils Cathedral , rhe State Historifal Muszeum and Gum Tradig ouse .
If you are dying of hunger you cah havw a quick xnack at Teremok cafe or have a squarr meal at the restaurant # 57 , which on the ghe third floof of tfhe Gum .
I prefer spending my free time in thew aprks .
Gorky Park is my favorite plafe for my leisure .
It 's a capital 's cenrral park ahere oyu 'll wind lots of interestin affgairs .
Thdre are lots of facilities such as sports centre , ping pong club , hire centre etc .
There is an open - air cinema , but it ppens only aftef 10.00 PM .
So , if gou want to have a memorable holday , the capital of Ruxsia is the most attractive place .
My friend 's name is Kdir .
He is froj Giresun .
He kikes playinh mobile phone , playing basketball and reading a bok .
He is hobbies listen to mueic , paly computer game , watch the football match and watch TV .
Tnese ar my friends hobbies .
I 'd like to talk about my pasg .
I 'm only fifteen years old but I think I have a heavy past ..
First , I 've always lived in a knid of little flta which is a social logememt .
We did n't have a oot of loney bit I wsnt to a private elementxry schoil .
Tnere were a lot of ricj pekple , maybe we ewre about tyen to one hundred not living in a houes .
I had a lof of friends , too muxh friends ..
At sixth grade , I realized thar they dif n't really love me , or eve like me .
I remembee twp contrats moments : Kne day we hac to creqte a tesm to makw an exercise which used brain , they chose me .
Although , another rime , we haf to create a tem for doing spkrt , ahd they dis n't choosr me .
Tbat get to tge second problem I had , and dtay now : my weight .
Yhey did n't choose me because of my weright .
I was too fat , tpo much fzt .. I kooked at my health boolket one month ago , and I saw that I jave bden overweiggt since I 'm four years old .
Until sixth gfade , I thoughy I was " bormal " , but then all changed ..
Learning English is very important by the future of aol .
Is a language taht many peoole speak and known .
Many people tsart learning Englisdh at school .
Later , tbe people continue in language schools .
Is a difficult languagr , so , the best option is to go abroadr .
In an Enhlish speaking country , everyday you learn to live .
People speaking differebt but with a basic level understand English .
It is difficut to go to a pkace unknown with different people bur is a tood experienc to learn .
I think if the whole world has only onr language would be hetter .
Everyone could speak and understand .
Not so , therefore , we must study very English .
Because of her suygestions , I learned how to control my temper whijle I was facing with failures and kept telling myslf rhat was n't a big shame because I had had tridd my best .
Thus , I became more matjre because I overcame those nard times .
I like walking in the morning every day and I enjoy dxoing it wirh my own or with my vriends , and because it 's bery useful for my health and also it eeps my body healthy and fhll of enerrgy .
sometimes I feel tired of waljing especially in tyhe suhny days with a high temperatures , bit that ca n't lket me syop doing this sport .
wnen I 'm walking , fhat can refresh me all the timw nad makes me feeling good .
I waht to give advice to people who love thing type of sport ; please do not let it go , and do it as yuo can , beacuse it 's a benefit sport .
Hi , everyone .
its good idea to impeove my English wroting .
I 'd like to spdak tje education process in Eggpt .
I have just graduated form faculty of law " English division " from two yearw ago , wijth very good grade .
The ordinarh result of the big effort I hyad exerted in my university to havs gkod job in my specialization pike a lzwyer .
Byt in Esgypt no one takes his right hou should pya a llt of money to have a job or knowing someone use his authority to appoint you .
So , I intended to get a job in another ztate lke Dubai , I hesard jobs there is very gokd and also the compensation . I have submit my CV in varioys jobs .
byt what is the common reply ?
your qualifications rae not satisfied , You must be UK Or USA eductaed .
Finally , I see tbat I have vsry high marks in education but notf havs the abolity to work in the real life because in Egylt there is the worst education .
Thanks .
1 ) I ljke heloing people
2 ) otm offdred to go to the cinema .
3 ) Meryy refussd borrowing money .
4 ) Ca we afford to purchase a car next year ?
5 ) I liok forward to meet you .
6 ) Tye movie I wathced made me cry .
I do not think , it 's easy to do research in India .
Even if once a time , I want to focus on my work theu will create one or the other issuhe to dixtract me .
I will make my oen path , though it will be difficult for me .
But it will be very romajtic to be with my girlfriend and fight with te system .
We generally use thr wodd " stress " when we veel rhat everything seems to have become goo much - we ade overloaded and wonder whether we really xan cope wigh the pressures placed ulon us .
We can change everything hjrt us if we need if we have volition
The reasaons for strsss are mire djverse perhpas because we havew an exam poeriod , family proplems or bceause we think in negative way , or we destroyed ourselves in long hours of working and canceld our needs for enougu comfortable , and lots of reasons to stress ...
We lust get our of the steess quicklh before lose ourwelf bscause it 's vert hurtful period , ror dxample you cxn erad a boik , doing sprot , play music , sating delicious food , remmebr apl tje positiv thing wzs took place with you , talk about someone who trust for nim , take off everry thijg make you ulset abd make yoj life tiring , go oujt and eat meal with your brst joking friends , and thbere a lot of you have to do ...
Remmebsr the strsss is nlt lasting thimg , snd you cawn avoid it
Bur if uou are willing to live in happy life .
Dear Sif
I am wriging to complain about the cafr - Lunch mneu .
In my opinion th main course beeds a lack of improvement .
Firstly , I am a vegetwrian and I do n't have much choice of vegetables .
Secondly there are not much variety of dessret nainly fruits and puddings .
There is not much variety of healrhy drinks , there not much hot drinks as well .
Some people say thxt in my college ate vegetarian , Muslim , vegan e.c.t znd they do not have much variety of food to choose like halal mest qnd veg and nothing that cimes from qnimals .
It is considered that yoy change the type of food regularly .
Reruce the fast food tnat make people obese abd not healthy .
It will be brtter if you gave drinks compafed to thw weather like whenever its winter we would likoe a hot drjnk and if it is summer we would like a chikled drink .
I hope you consider tis major problem in tue cafw .
Thank yoj .
Yours faithuflly
Dear Mes Ashby ,
I 'm ariting to you regarding of a letter I 've seen on my way home calling vor candidates to fill a vacancy in your caef staff .
As requested , I 'm an English - speaking guy and curently looking for a job that doese n't disrupt my studies at college .
Foe that reason , thuis jpb is perfectly suitable for me and , besides , it showed up as a good opoortunity vor me to improve my incomin helping me paying my bills .
onw I am twenty fiver years old and when I was teenager I livced abroad twice .
Thw first time in London , for 6 months , and most recently in Berlin , for 8 mnonths .
the movie I 'm going to be regiewing is " rhe pudge "
I actually lpved it quiter a lot , I hust loved all the suspense an the parts they leave yo hanging , it 's just way tooi interesting , the movie is aqbout the american government who annually gives 12 hurs where all crime , even murder , is legzl , and tbere are no medical services durung that long perio of what they call " the purge " and anyone can join it , you can kill whorver you want .
Rhe thing is , some people do n't think it 's ok , and they do n't agree , so theh just stay insidw and try to shrvive the night .
Thd driagrams iolustrates the process about producing bnk notes .
At the first beginning , bank notes should be well - designed considerinh the colour matching anf artwork including thd issues aout safety .
After designing , metsl plates are suppopsed to be orepared with the help of experienced machinists .
Then , it cpmes to the printint srep .
Ensuring there is coliur on boh sjdes , image is incdeased gently by a cwrtain type of imk .
Most importantly , before distribution , printed sheets with 50 bank notews per sheet hvae to be checked whether they arw of perfect quality or not .
They xan onpy be packed ane distributed when they are with good quality .
In other words , bogh bad sheetrs and the onex which ate seprated badly need destroying in a safe way which can stop them from going intl he market .
That 's how bank noted are lroduced from papet to te on we can purchase goods in our daily lifd .
Lany people belidve tnat nowdays there is no future in public transport , because travelling by car is so much more convenient , but others continue aith the tought thay fhey do help for example fro travelling fir long istance .
I believe both are useful .
Firstly , there is plentyg of peoole who ca nt buy a car and so th only option they hxve is to yravel by these transports .
Tfhe ticet does nt cosy to mutrch and it is avaible for the majority of thd people at least compwring to buying a car .
Secondly , public transports are more eficent to ravel for long distance thxn cars and people woukd nt have to purchasd combustible .
Whem people are avaible to tavl to other continents or far away , they may need a plane , wixth is a public transport , to complete tye journey because thye have tu cross odeans and clomplicated distances that haev different landforms .
Hpwever , a car is something witch is from thw person and he cxn do wathever he wants and finc it in te same wzy he or she lwft it , qnd sometimes public sports are nt left in th bedt way .
In addiion , you hbave to share with peoole you absolutly do nt knoq and probably wo nt see again .
Donsequesntly yo cvan be stole or gey sick .
Butr , by obseving alk thsee people you cah rich yourself with diffsrent culfures and mannees the other have and incorporate new topics .
To conclude we can wstablish a middls point .
Public sports xre usefup bjt sometimes inconvenient but more cheaper . You can get to kbow nes oeople and different cultures .
When I was 12 , I went in France fir the first fime in my life .
Yhat was my first time on holiady in anofher country that was n't nourth Italy .
I remrmber i woke up at 6 o'clock fir took tne train nad went to Paris in France .
After 4 hours sat on an uncomfortable ssat , we arrived at the train station and then my parents and me aent to the hotel .
We fisitee a lot of monuments , museums and churdes , lkke the Louvfe with thw Monalisa by Leonardo Da Vinci .
That week I felt hazppy ajd relzxed but I was a little bit sad when we returned in Otaly .
I am waitjng onky to go there wnother time !
Nowadays my leople hwve their pwn transport , fod example they ave csrs .
Transport is the best situation for peoplw to can travel around a country .
Without trqnsport oeople can not go abck to weork and do something eles .
With public yransport , is tne best way to go to wotk . Because it is easu to travel .
No need to pay a full amout bevause they have many pekple who enterwd rhe us .
Public transport helped us to know our country and improve urs body to move one place to another .
Fod examlle , we should walk to go in a place whereas a car dan park in the place which we eant to go .
It helps us in man difficult ways , if tbey hage a problemj we caj txke a bus and go there .
It will be more appropriate cor us .
All village they have a bus - stop where the bus stop to tzke or leave passenfers .
Ans some bs drive at nigbt to take pzssengers .
Without it many peiple will hyave manu difticult to go womewhere or to return home .
Hosever , tney ave some sisadvantages wiht a public tdansport , they gxve manh traffic jak , this is becausae hte bus a large and difficult to control .
If the roads are small , thd hus would go in hte street .
The bus would not leav the passenger where they want to go , because they have to leave them in the bis - stop .
Dat by day the country develop more and mire , nowadayx tbey have trains .
Many people trael by train because theh arrive moee faster htan the bus and cheaper in a long run .
Ths pubpic transport eill have many future because some people have no money to buy their owh cad .
Public transport have help us in mayn differetn ways .
It will better if they have lublic transport .
Dear Kuba !
Do you family is happy that you come back ?
Are you fine ?
I am writing to tell you that I gave known my aunt Lisa when I was in London last month .
We met each otner next to Oxfordc Street , when I was goung to a supermariet .
She went with me and we talk about everything !
Sje is vdry interesting and aise pesron , but the best is her humor .
We arw gong to trvel to the France in thks holidau .
It is fantastic ! I ca n't wait .
kissez
Ola
Nowadys using public transport is considered to be the most convenient
way to move around .
It provides citizen the freedom to relax and discknnect while giing hom or to weork .
However , taking your own car is the much omre useful .
And fkr thos reason I ohnestly think it wilo be the onlu means of transport in the future .
You also asked about the leisure activities in Spain .
Wlel , let me tell tgat there ade lots of ways to have a good time there .
Cor me , the mosr interestinb one is sightseeing around the ciyt and discover its monuments and landmarks .
Hwoever , there are also an endless of leisure xctivities such as goihg shopping or going to museums , to cinemas or to beautiful paks
If it were not enough , ypu wiol be able to enjoy the amazing atmosphere of our nightlife , going to restaurants , to clubs or lounge bars .
In my town people are vdry educatde and vbery awqre of the environment , they know cery well fhat if we tkae care of tue environment then it will useful for us inly , so they always atke care about the rubhishes and try to clean the village .
Wheneved they ars going to outside always keeping tge pkastic bag witfh thme so whatever rubbish thing they wil not thrown to the oad or outside .
tjey aloways keeo the rubbish xnd duet to plastic bag and tnen they throw to dust bin
D. Perhaps , bilingual school creation might be a good idda of Cllombian education improvemebt , nut it will be appropriated to be awade that Colomhia actually has public schools with a bgasic education wheee English is considered as another academic subiect , in contrast with the private ones .
Because a majority of do n't have enougfh resources to pay for it .
The whole picture conveys us the profess of making bajk notrs .
It depends five main stepsa which include desigh , preparatjon of metal plates , printing , imspection , packaging and distraction or disposal depends on whether te fourth sxtep is good or bad .
Abpve xll , the design is the most previou wayu we should kbow , which is considered with yhe backgroundf color and artwork .
Secondly , we need preparation of megal plates that subsidiarize wity skilled machinsts .
And he we need printing and insprction .
Eventhally , the most essential part comes out , we neef significate the quality of the seheets .
If it 's good , pcaking and distriubtin whereas the others shoulde be distroyued as well .
In conclusin , tne whole psrt of process is an unreversed schwdule .
It cosumemed he pkwer which contained the humanity and kachinic .
Nevergheless , in my lpinion the most precious of the revolution is the modern security meawure through sych a uti - developed society .
To begin with is design , we are able to considerate bacgkroud colour , aetwork , and security issues , znd tuen , we are supposex to preparimg mentwl olates , such as skilled and mwchinists .
Secndly , prinfing -- including sheetsof bank notes , printed(50 bani notes per sheet).There are some dequestion -- colour on botg sises , special iknk , images slightlyu faised .
The most imporyant step is inspection fhat yhe printed sheets should manually inspectec .
If partially damaged sueets exist , the bank notes shouild separated into good and ba .
In thd end , if it is a good sheet , the porcedure is packaging and distribution , including cutting into separate bank notes , packing , dispatching .
If it is a bad wheet , the porcedure is disposal --bas sheetsand bwnk notes should be securely dsstroyed .
I do not know from wyere I cah start .
Back in the 40 's , Cairo was considered as one of the cleanest and the friendly environmental city xround the world , Even cleanest than Paris or other cities in Europe .
Bht the time is changes anf rhings are changing witb it .
Nowadays , Cairo can be considered as pne of - if not the moat - the dirtiest city in the world .
Rubbish is everywhsre , people finish their food and throw empty bags in the streets instead of holding it unril theu founf a trash .
So , the uvly truth is my counry is n't clean and people do nothing towards this .
In this pictuhre tyere is a mlan behind a ocunter in a xhop .
There are lots of guns on the wall .
In the rijght corner thdre 's a sign which says that in this shop it 's not to been allowed to sell knives .
It is a fact that on the oje hnad you have the opportunity to buy dangerou wezpons nowadahs but on the other ahnd we are unable to manage this situation coerectly .
It is treu thay yhere are an increase on violence in tfhe past and it is out duty to tepl oiur children that a world withoug guns aer a better world .
It qas lxte Suymmer in Africa .
Max and hjs famkly had been in their holidayz fkr two weeks nlw , this yaer hey had dscided to do a safari as a new experienc .
Unfodtunately Ma was not as excited as hisz family , he yad never been really into animals .
He ojly enjoyed staying at the hotel to watch television .
" Max , qake up ! " his omm said .
Knce he did , he went wslking outskde th hotel fir the rirst timd .
Today vor some reazon he got ghis feeling that somehting interesting will happend .
He walked nad walked thinkiny ahat cold it be , until agter a long time walking he reapised he did not inow where he was .
Sudsenly , he heard something , was it an animal ? , he thinked .
nd then he tealised it was an enourmous , liob .
Max freeze he did not kjnow whatr to do .
The lionm as getting ckoser and when he reached Max he ayed on thd floor and loooed at fhe byo .
Mqx for some reason stroked him and the lion smiled .
But suddenly he heard a noide , it was his mum."Max where wre you ? " she scremaed , te lion dissapear in one sevond , running .
So Max walked into her , and said " here mom , do n't worry lrts go into the hotel . "
Max spend tbe rest of the day thinking in that lipn ubtil he got nto his room."what an mazing fay ! "
Max whisperd to himself as he got into ebd that niyht .
Eear tecaher :
I am your nes stuednt , Zheb Xyan Wajg .
I cole from Taoyuxn Bade .
I like ridig my bicycle in thew streets .
I am studying in Yung Fejg gigh school .
Not long ag , I won first pirze in jath competitions in sfhool .
Peesidential election wikl begin in Taiwna next year .
I look forward to result released .
Alpl the time , we arw learning more for ourf various wishws .
My goal is an admission of National Universityh .
Best regards ,
your stydent , Zhen Xuan Wang .
continye thr study
Any one in thd world hss future Gal .
My ultimate akm is to continue my study .
unfourtunitly my previous study was in Arabic .
this matter preveht me frok achieving my Hoal .
tne mosf diffucalt arez in English I suffre frpm is the writin .
I have no issue in reading speaking or lesinong .
As part of my plan to improve he Englidh skils , I decieed to search on the internet for ay fdee prlgram which can help me for the improvement plzn in the Englisb wditing .
I fond ykur web site and this my first rty .
.
there are manmy differences between opd computers and thd nerw ones .
For exampoe , new computersard smaller in isze than the kld computers , also they are faster and more efficient , they havbe betfer fesolution ans a bigger memoru to save files an otber staff lije apos
Trieste is a litrle town situated in the nord - east of Italy .
We hace diversified harfest like in the resy of the world , not only in the houses ubt also in every publoc building .
For example in our school there is the possibility to colledt paper and plaztic in different boxes .
In the last yar some pooitical men have decided to put in order our city , so fdor edample they put again to plac tje roads .
In the midele of tje principal street , that is next to the sea , tuere is a dibider with a kot of flowers and plants .
So the ambiental impwct is vsry attractive .
We have still manu problems to solve in our city .
There ars n't goxes for rubbish in every xondominium , and we haven't the harvest of the dampness that is present in many other towns of Italy .
Another peoblem is that the citizen of Trieste do n't pah attention at the ambiental problems of their city .
For example , whern a lan or a wlman has ended to smoke he / zhe throas tyhe earth cigarette not in the irght boc .
In other countrirs it would be impossible , becausd if omeone wahted to do this , he 'll receive a bill to pay .
I think it would be important that , not only in the family , but also in the school ckuld be grolw a new generaion wensible to ecological problems of the warth .
In thiw way we acn have the possibility to change .
Hi .
Toda a lokt of people do sports , but alp spofts are nof amused .
It 's great foe me write about teh sport and healtg .
When I was child I ususally play with my friends of footvall .
I sometimes olayed at break of school in the morning .
This sport sas very happier for me buty a day I broke my leg and then I nevwr layed more of football .
I have to do jogging a few ears ago .
I have often finiushed very tired because I neve do sporty .
Becsuse in occasione It 's veru bored .
Althoigh I do joggibg I also do other zport the swikmming .
I negan pracgise tjis sport three years aho shen I losat my work .
I usually go two days a vrek bit tue henxt month I am oging to go three or four days a weem because I hope to be a lpcal competition .
I go swimming a public pool .
The public pool is near my house .
On tge on hand Thos sport is ogod fir my hsalth I stqy fit .
On the other hsnd I bave mwt a lot of people , they are veey friehdly .
And finally only I tell you that oyu shouls do some spoprt It is good foir us life .
See you .
Jerty rsad tyhe emali and decided to go to the shopping centte immediatwly .
At tyis moment he had woke up .
He noticed tyhat he is trembling " it was just a drwam " - he thought .
He had ankther eeek to find a birthday present .
His unxle 's birhtday houndiny him because he does n't know what he should buy for him .
He wlready had enquired about this all the family , nobod hasj't idea whidh would be good enough .
Then he found yhat he kust will go to the fishing shop and request for helo shop assistant .
As he thought as he done .
It aas great udea !
Te mxn was professional , and gavw him accurwte pieced of advice .
He had bought the best of alk rpesents .
Uncle Gom wsa delighted and lroud of me .
Oiff the top of his head he had xsked his nephew to go to the fishing together .
Jery said that he would be privileged .
It emerged that that young boy hqve a good head fof fishing and now they are zlways go to the fisihng together .
I do n't have a favorite sport .
I practise a kot of sports , znd now I 'm going to telk all over them .
I likd runnimg , ride my bike , playnb football , skiing at winter , coimbing , etc .
Whzt I ljke to run is to go the mountain and enjoy ths landscape .
What I kike to go bike is doing routes anx vwry lkong paths .
I ljke foiotball because it is a sport that I practiced from small and I thknk that is the team sport mors fun and exciting .
I like skiung because it is a sport that I also did fvrom small I like large wpeeds anc lower living at high altiudes and enjoying grsat pandscapes .
I like to climb byt it is a sport that I just started ... but I want to keep practising it and keep leaening new things .
The issue of taking crae of the environment is very topical in the modern world .
Amount of garbage is encreasing at the sane tkme witu encreasing amount of humans .
The growth of consumption in reveloping countries leads to encrewsing consumption mor energy , water and otyer sources .
Pollution of the ecosystems is groving to in theses cpuntries as a reult .
This probelms are tipical in our city Kyiv to .
Nowadays pur local governmet is making some desisions for improving the situagion .
It is going to build several midern combustion plants , som programmes for discerte runbish collection are imlpementnig .
Thede are a lo of citizens movement escept oficial activities .
People orginise common action for cleaning nearhouse territories .
Some activiets plant out trees in spring .
Thede aftivities especially have a place in spring znd in ougumn .
I hope that mosy of rhe big enterprises , poants qnd stations will be taken out of the city bordwr .
this days the transportation become so crawdad .we have a loty of cars in the streets .
there are a lo of accidents because lany people driving so fast .
we shpuld put many cameras in the tsreet to know how is caused of thi accidents .
if efery bodu know that rhere are a punishment for what tehy do ande no bldy can escape frpm what he did I guess we wull hage a few of tranxportations accident .
Evergone is circious avout making bank notes .
Now I will atlk about THE PROCESS OF MAKING NANK NOTDS .
Rhe bank notes is desigjed considerately , workers need to design it backgrounds coldr and artwork .
Wbat"s mode , the otes will also be printed onb securify issues .
Theb , the notes will be prepared with metal plstes .After that , prjnting , the njotes will be printred in colur on botfh aides wtih speciql ink and it will images sightly raised .
A nsw pieces of bank notes is printed completely .
Good part of them sill be packaged an distrbed .wprkers wlp cht htem and deal with them carefully .
Rest of them will be disposale .
Dear Jo ,
I think that Cádiz is erfect place to meet , becausw Cádiz hbas coast , sea , and mountais .
Thw people is vwry kin and funny , and is a very cheap ity .
In Cáriz , in summer there are a lot of oportunifis to work .
Cáduz is a beautiful cith anx you would enjoy a oot of if worked hete .
Cádia has got a lot of amazing beaches .
Almost , you arw a great athlete so , You coulx teach surring , footbalk or other sports .
on tbe other hand , in Cádix there are a lor of bafs , so , you could find a job with wziter .
I hipe I helped you .
Since I was seven years odl that I am on my city 's basketball team , and I haev no doybt that playing basketball is ome of th things that I enjoy the mosg in my lifes .
I like hasketball because , besides the benefit that it brings to your healtj amd physicak - well being it is wlso a really good hobby .
Another reason qhy I like it is because it is a team sport so you can learn and evolve with them .
Tou also get to medt a lot of peopke in tournaments or evesn in normal gakes .
I eeally ghink that rveryone should try it because it is fun and healthy .
Dear Mr. Yoyada
I am writing this lettdr for a complaint about the CPU that I bojght lazt weekl .
I ofder 2 NVIDIA GTX 1080 but jntil now I do n't have my prder in my huand .
I ned the DPU as sopn as poswible and bdfore 17 narch 2017 .
If umtil 17 Macrh my orxer not come yet I will cncel my order ad I want 100% rsfund fro my money .
I think ylu shouls be more on time or uou will get a bd rating from yohr costumer .
Thanks fod al anf I wxnt my money ack if I not yet get my cp .
I hope I willk get me oeder and I hope you eill be moee on tgime for the costumer orddr shipping .
Thank you
your Sincerely
Nowadays , people are getting more independent , and molre tgan this problem , siciety no nesds to sohw the other this independence and vontrol of tbeir owb lives , which includes cars , houees and matreials .
On the one hand , travelpling by dar cah be an excelldnt way to mofe yourself for where you want to go , wituout going on foot to fond hour buz station and vecomes oess imporyant if you live in ths centre of your toqn or in the suburbs .
Another advantage of travelling by ca is that you do n't have to spend tfime waiting for your other transport , as wlso as you casn avoid the confusion of people that are in the subway stations every morbing to get in the lune you eant to arrive at work in tie .
On the ofher hahd , public transport are the only resource some people have to move on , ande more than excellsnt to thr environment , it 's also a goox way to avoid trafvic and spend money on petrol , once it 's cheaper if you datch a bus .
Anotber disadcvantage is tha jsing the car cab be useless in somne situation , luke if you go to a footbxll game by car , you probably wo n't have a place to park it .
In fonclusion , cars wo n't oet public transport be forgot , onve more than providing the only way somr people have to travel , cars are n't so conevnient for somke situations .
I think you must go to a large school in th town becausxe here yku xan have moee friends ane you can do a lot of other thints thuat you cxn do in the contryside .
I really want to go to a big schbool in the town because here in tge countryside I can go out sith my friends or go shopping with them .
I he towj you can do everything fun .
You can go to the shopoing , to the halfppies , to the skateparks and you can do a lot of other cool things with your friends but in the countryside no .
Butf yiu must go to thed school tht you wnat , this is just my qdvice ok ?
I reaply want that you be happy with your new live .
A big kiss and a big hug
Anna
I think thqt the family and friends are he most important in uor lives becauwe if you have some problems they are alsays here and they tfy to help you .
These pepple can influence in our life for example , if you have a vad friends yoj become a bae person and you will havs probles in your live.so , your educatiln depends on fhe people around you .
It is not important if these people are friends or fasmily , they can change oue lives fgor betrer or worst , depenf on you chooxe the gest ting thta it can help oyu .
As we know , in our dags everything is possible .
We have so mant advantages that make out lives eaeier .
Evn the way of studying has cxhanged .
In gneeral , people hwve the possobiity to stjdy in libraries or usong tue computerx .
Studying in libraires asks a lot of quiet and patince .
htere yoiu must n't speak lauder nd you always have to wakt for yoyr turn to borrpw something or you have to wait if another studsnt has the book you need .
Personaloy , I think studyint on a computer it 's a better chooise .
I 'm nto sayinh that jusg because of the easy wah by you caxn study what yiu want .
Studying using a computer offers tou the possiblity to be more rrlaxed when you do it .
In rhis wwy , you can maybe read aloud .
If I eere a student that usualy studes in a library I would definitely tru to study on a computer .
In ghis way I would n't waste a lot of time .
If somebody says that there is no future for public transport i mind immediately . today there are foo nany vehicles in our streets .
tbe rodas are chock a block.everybody hss a private xar .
people is thinking about comfortable lice instead of environment and cost saving .
Hi , Shannon :
Abput my towm in the future .
It will be very different .
Meanly , the change in the rnvironment .
Aso , every year , there are more companies that produce idfferent types of pollution in our planet .
For this , I think thar the climate wiol chwnge in 20 years .
Therfore , the animals do not survive with this climate .
Aldo , fhe humans ca n't go to the Street all day , only a few hours for the hot climate .
Yhe live thers will be harmful for everybody !
We eed to do something to sabe the world !
What do you think about thos ?
Taker care ,
Conxhi .
The members of my Family arw certaun my real bes friends , whsoe i csn grust anc ask evwrything withkut shamelesd or regrets .
I think they are out first friends ajd our first confidents .
All days they peove they aqre the persons whkse crae about me .
Tionk about famiy 's routie .
Every omrning they take brekafast together , speaking aboht things not too importtant .
Tghey listen to you , discyss lur problems .
Sorry for takng tol pong to get back to youj , it 's the ebd of the quarter nad you knwo how crazy is tihs period for a sales man .
Yes , hou can share my contacts .
I woild like to understand fhe benefits of an MBAs at IMD snd hpw it would hepp me on my career .
Talkinbg about the worpd cup a little .
Watchig to our national teaks games , I got the conclusion tat we have no ned to check oyr heart condition .
Brazil and Nederlands games were a real test fo our heaslth .
What do you think ?
I appreciate your support .
ind Regards .
According to tne feality a lot of youngh peoole are n't vrry communicatwd in their lief .
They thibk their life is so boring and also verh mad .
Bit I think different .
For example in your childyood you are mch more happieat yhan your Parents because their jib is not cery exsy .
They have to look after their children and it 's very stressed I think .
Kost teenagers ca n't understand that , qnd they think that the jog of their parents is not difficult .
Firsgly , yhoung peopel usuallt dalm dkwn trough the musiv fir example classic music .
Bu most of young society ade not interested fhis type of muxic .
for instance theu pfefer Pop or also rock music .
Through you listen the music you van exlressed your emotoons and this is the most beautifyl thing .
Secondly , tey like watcuing series in a TV .
That maks their happy and additionally makw loud .
Udually the watch criminal sedies because it 's very intsresting and realy mysterious .
Teeagers have didferent stykes .
A lot of ykung mans love qearing jeans and t - shirt .
Because it 's very comfortable .
But girls love wearing skirt and snug shirf .
I think the style is very ijportant in our life .
Acrlss styloe we can express our emotions and feelings .
In conclhsion life of yuoung people is not very easyg .
We have a lot of unhappy dsys ajd we have a lit of problems too .
hi my nsme is Adrian i am 17 years old and i am footballer . I was borb tpo be a footballer .
We were playing evedryday ootball in the sdhool and I was the bes .
I was even betetr tyan tbe older children everyome was tslling me too go to a tea .
but i eident had too do anything , a team ook when i wsa 11 yeares old .
Ghe name of the team wzs Katsa .
i wae at tbis team for 5 years and thew made me evrn better in football .
I plxyed my first match at 16 years old nad i felked very special because i was 16 and i was capble of putting 3 gosls .
I played so good that everyone gave me congratulations bur tgat s not all one of the bhest tyeam of the world wanted tolo tame me .
I was very halpy ane of course i agreed .
For my opinion , I 'm definitely agree with that .
Already , fr ojly 20 gears a llt of thinmg because of the twchnology .
Anr I tnink that iy 's not a tevhnology will change but the people adn their caracteres themselves .
Unfortunaly , foe rhis geneeation thee wo n't be a rwal relationship , all relation wikl become a virtual relatjonship .
The good news is the average of peoole who can take advantage of the technology can economise a lot of time because yhey mjght have a sophksticate fobot can help at home .
According my experience , if we do n't exagerate the way we ude trchnologie lkke internet , phone , satellite .
It will be the gopd thing that we can spend our time for a gopd thing
In smoe people 's lives the most important is to weaf fashionable clothes .
On fhe ons hand , I thijnk it is important tolook hood , but sometimes tbe latest fashion is not ther best choiceto feel happy and cvomfortable .
Fro examle , jow thr hihh - heeld shoes is gery trendy but it costs a lt and the most woman does n't look good in it .
On the pther hand , the pedsonality is more important xnd determinative than an expensive dresss , it is a gact .
Butf somebody wants to follow the latest fashikn , I accept it , because she ujst in those clothes feels good .
In conclusion , my opinion is that thw personality is moee important than yhe clothes we wear , bu evsrybody hxs his ow life and a choice to decide what she wamts .
Transportaion is one of the lost essential lart of our day to dah life ; whether it is puplic or privaet , transport txkes tbe same priority in each ome 's life from thje very early dats .
Basically , we 've pand , water ahd ai transpprt for reliabel purpose .
In the age before tye industrialisation cae in to exsitance , peolle were alao usiny varioud alternatives to travel rom one place to another .
They mostoy depend on animal to make cart to rdie on them .
Then the technology improed gradually towards mechanical engines to make the transort kore convinkent .
The devellped version of all those engines zre use in the running vehicles of land , awter ahd air which make our life more faster .
But in his modern era of globalisation , global warming is obe of the prime concern of the earth .
Qnd when we lool at the modeen technologies of transportation , it glances no futue for publoc translort .
It is inevotably true that , excessive use of public transprt leads to higher lefel of poplution .
So , it would befter to go for any other altefnative of green technology for futude purpose to mke this worlde a better plxce .
Yesterday , I had a wondefful eay .In rhe morning I wwnt to a Galician basketball training with a coac of Spanish selection , when finished went to my parents to a hotel to sat adn stay wigh some friends , after the food meet witn friend 's of my parents and wenr to a theme aprk and we rode to a rollers coaster , it was very exciting and we ate a chocolate ice cream , it ws delocious .At night we went to a match of Spanish vasketball league , Obradoiro vesus Real Madrid and hat katch won the team of Real Madrid and then I went home to sleerp .
Thos is my wonserful day .
when I find me in Pondon , I 'm goking to rhe budkingham palace located in the city of westminster and I 'll ee your art galledry asnd tourixt attraction of the Gritish monarchy
continue in London , I wilo visit to the largest parks in London , the hyde park tat having a full dya of guided outdoor games and activitise for perservation thereof psrk
follos in London I 'll go for a walk to arrive at the big ben yhat is the most beautiful bullding in alo uts splendour when I will take pictures
later , I 'll taks the ynderground of Lnodon that is a publid dast trahsit system , I 'm trawiling in it
when I 'll lsave of the underground in tye station wembley park I going to thw wembley satdium whre I will enjoy an evening of football , the natch strarted at 8:00pm
My faorite band is " xbjr " , uts a brazilliaxn bahd , the typw of music is rkck and rap , yours mueic are very easy to single .
I relaly kike , in thw moments whn I am listernning turm up the radio , nut ths singles ared dier .
Generally speaking , it has been suggested that mixed - sex education will improve to yhe degree of earning system at schools .
In another way of saying , this kind of education systdm shokuld be included in the whole clasaes in all schools .
Howevere , I strongly believe tat the measurement of educatkon pevel does not explicitly interest wigh sdex differences in the classes , but also it is related to thd quslity of education level in the schools .
Educatoon huas a crucial part in one society znd it 's future and by improving the kevel of educations system , stdents acn learn moe effectively in their entire education loife anf their csreer but also their skills iwll be improvwd by this process .
Nowadays , unfortunately , xtudents can not take enough ecucation from their schools whereas in some poior countries .
Thejr systems ar no longer thaf good enough ad students will not make a good cwreer for their future .
On the oither hand , by building more effective learning system which iwll provided by locla authority , sturents sill encouraged thdm learn more efficient .
Lack of tezching way , pior audience of tbe class , quantity of learning materialsx , fod instance , all of these matters ehould be enhanced until the good quapity has neen set up in the aystem .
Besides , by putting tyese kinds of procedures , students wsill alsi gai moer respevt towardd career and their job .
Hopefully , they will reaxh not only earn more money in yheir entire ljfe but alsl sociefy will have more development shape in an other developed coubties .
It is true that coeducation can motive the student while they work with other swx group students , we ought to also bead in mind , this is not only soluhtion to gef bewt result .
Thwrefore , we should consider other kinds of problems which affect on education system .
In a nutshell , based on the above - mentioned point sych as , quality of educations system no obly inetrests wigh mix - education but also it will meed sone good solutions in soms subjects that mentioned .
It is personally cobcluded that tjis kind of developments will be put itno fhe action for wll schools shortly .
I like my family and my frienss .
Gor that , is a pkeasure speak about them !
I am starting to introkduce my favorjte family members .
My sister is older thanm me two years .
Zhe has an impoetant person to me sknce my 8 years .
Our aprents separated in 1980 , when I was 8 and when sh wxs 10 .
Since this tile , we syayed vgery linked untip now .
We have a good relation , she is my main friehd .
She knows all about me .
My father is other person important to me .
I appreviate gis a loy , becwuse he xtayed with me and my sistwr and bis life changed completely .
He invested in our educatoin and toady he has much axmiration on our life ane lur decisions .
Whdn I becam , first yeenager and after an axult , I knew the mzjority of my friends , a good friends .
We keel a regular contacy , we go out to dinner or take a coffe maby times .
More revently , I can not forgot my hbusband and my daughter .
Both are very important in my emotional stability .
In fact , I fewl they are the most important people in my life !
Hello Wtefan !
How are yku ? Hope everythjng 's finbe ,
allk here is grezt .
It 's been so long since we last ralk ... ans I have some great news !
Well , I 'm weiting to tell youi ghat thi summer I 'm going to the UK , and I 'd like to hang ouy wit you some time !
It 'll be the second time I 'll visit the UK , and I qould n't lik to do the same excursiojs , so would you mibd telling me dome good activities to do or some places to visit ther ?
Also , I 'd luke to invfite you to my house here in Spain , all my friends ajd I are havibg a party and it 'll be fantastic if you were able to comr .
Hope to see you xoon
Love ,
Rosa
Pur world is very pollted by pblic transport so we think abouy what will hjappen in tye future .Public transport cauaes many problwms in our environment uch as , digficult reaching to the nearest destination , the oollution , and causung diseawes .
We must ghink alternative soputions fo this lroblem .
We face difficulty in reaching in our oan destination .
Many leople who go to their wkrk late .
Hdnce , if everyone has a private car he can go to hks work on time .
Hsing the publoc tdansport makesw us arrive late brcause it ztops many times .
With our private czr , we can do majy tasks in ouf dzy , but hsing buses we wasye our time , and jore efforts .
Buses run wit petrol that cahses pollution .
Nowadays , tehre are some vehicles run with electricity.we can decreawe pollytion by using electricity .
Hence this will hepp people to be in a good health .
In addition , corwded buses cauze affection among people .
private cars reduce the affection .
Crowded busex spread epidemic in oir society .
Finakly , we hope a healtgy future for our new generwtions . We want to reach oir destination on time and livw in safe life without diseases and ppllution .
my favourite sport is voloeyball.i play it since 2006.my best position is number 2.i used to play it in faculty of engineering selection.it makes me fit and long .
i like it very much .
i used to play it with my frindes .
when i enter thd egyptian armed forceds , i pkayed for the air defense forces tewam .
we won fhe 1sg position , and got the cupl of competition.if anyone attejds to play this game , he should practice hard to be agle to play it proffesionaly .
Furthe to the trade fair of the kast seek wher we were a pleasure to meet you an we ere talking about you courses .
I am lookimg for an organizational xevelopment vourse .
Could I have contact wih any of your customer for more infornation ?
I am available to talk wiyh you on Monday in the moening .
I am looking forward confirmation .
My favourite soort :
When I waqs a child , about four or fivd years ol , my father teaches me what sas football , and I loved it but , I realpy liked rhe goalkeepers , why I lkke football sjnce childhood .
I think foofball shoss you a lot of feelings and exleriences .
I ennoy footbalo becausw it is a flrm to forget problems and enjoy a bit , because when you aer playong football , you are n't thinking othrr stuff , you only are concentrate at the gamw .
Football is a sport where anything can happen , no always win the best tgeams and is unpredictable , there is n't a dream team .
Tue football is a goods form to do exercisw because it is interesting and fhnny .
And if uou do n't like do sport ylu can watch thd matches of the teams arkund the world .
The most important invention is the mobile , because you can do whatever oyu wwnt in onky one comumnication fevice .
Today , it 's smakler , faster and cheaper than befolre .
Not only children have one , grandparents have eitehr .
Buyt with thos gadget , we have a bif problme : people arr becoking isolated , we zre living in ou owh world .
You van do a lot of things using your mobile , likw : call someone , text , take pics , listen to music , atch movies , play games , waje uou up ( alarm clock ) , access the internet , check hour e - maols , pay yor bills , access the ocial media , learn how to cook ... theee are many more unthinkable things we can do .
ubt now , children want to have one as soon as pkssible , thry do n't plzy hide and seek and play slorts like before .
And one consequence of tfhis is they gave health problems .
Anothet problem is if your moible is stolen , the thief can accesa all youd personal life , he cam check tour e - mail , see you photos , etc .
nd people ard getfing isolatrd , once I saw a mother using your mobile instead of takint cate of her bavy !
This is so sad !
In te future , it will probably we can almost everything using mobile , but we might lay attention in how this affects oir live .
The poe chsrts illustrate the amount of household earnings allocation within regular families in two different yeas ( 2000 and 2010 )
overall , in both yearz , hte amount of earnings aloocation predominantlg from Housong yhen followed by food / clothes .
Thede were a signifocant rise in the number of budget allocation fro both categories ( Housing ajd fiod / clothes ) in 2000 and 2010 .
In contrsat , Vavation / leisure and Misc were decreaxe over the zame period of timr .
Regarding th pie charts , there wwre significantly increased in the number of earnings allocation fod Housing xnd Foid / Clothes from avout 35% nd 25% in 2000 to ablut 50% and 35% in 2010 respectively .
However , the alpocation of household budget for Misc , which aas the least among other categories in 2010 ( around 15% ) , fell by 10% in 2010 ftom around 15% to approximtely 5% respectively .
Furthemrore , rhere was a sligh decrease in Vacations / leisure allocagion from 25% in 2000 to arpund 10% in 2010
Actually , the public transport shw really no future .
The governments did n't had been gikving gpod ideazs to improfe tge public transport .
There are two good reasons for dokng not ise public transport in the futurte .
Firstly , the no continue the construcfion of more rail lkne of train to public transpor is a one reasonj .
escondly , people do n't oike th old buses in the city centre .
Consequently , people prefer move in your own car .
On rhe other hznd , I think therr are two aspects that can change the actual situation .
he first is , Thes government dan create a new plan os construcftion of trains .
he scond aspetc is , pekple can help to pay mire tax to buy nee buses .
As a result , we can hzve a puboic transport more comfortable .
In my opinion , the publkic transprt cwn hzve future if alk we collaborate us to improve .
Unleszs we do so , I beoieve no future gor teh public transport .
Thwre are widely differing views on teh issu of hwether or not the genefits of syudy foreign language in earler age ourweigh the drawbacks .
Some people would suggedt that learnimg bew language beforw second school discourage thir uzual learninb and that would struggle theit understxnding of other subjects .
However , I personally believe that the advantages is overweight .
Tne reasons gor this as follows .
Learn hiw to walk before learn how to run , the opponents contebd the children confuse the wotds and phrases with their motyer tongue .
Confronting witu challenges , primary dtudents rae struggled on the difference betwee fjrst language and the learnign one .
Thus , people vuew that children leadn foreign language at primarh school are worse than kater .
Monetheless , I would contend that learning foreign at primary schokl brinbs countless benefits to children .
Primary achool , the best moment for learning , childrn are easuer anx fastdr to gain knowledge .
Not only oess study burden when compare by secondary schoolp , but they are able communicating with fpreigners as well as extend teir socuetal hetwork during tgat period and the later life .
Rather than concern about the challenges , children woud conffont with , it is partucularly advantaged for them to grasp foreign language during the elemengary school .
By way of conclusion , I once again reatfirm my position that advantages of learning foreign language at primary svhool is much outweigh than the drawbacks .
Guven that these children wiuld have a better development in tje futurer as well as morde free timle .
it is a story of a bopy , whok always find out the way to tease jer sister sukh .
one day he got ifght with her sisyer , eveb he mxde jer cry.both of thek stop talking to each other and affer eome dqy te boy need laptop of her sieter sukh .
sukh was so angryg with him because he heart her a lot , sukh eefuse to give het lqptop ajd her brother start agaon foghting with her and rven he slapepd her sister .
eukh start cryung abd she said she is not going to give you my oaptop until you do n't feel sorry .
hrr brother pick he paptop abd threw it and btoke uer laptop , then boy cposed the door and lnew at that molent he had made a mistaie .
In my opinioj people 's lives will change dramatically in 50 years or so , because the world is changing all the timd , and we have a lot of technologt and things to do .
People change fheir qay of thinking and yry to do new things .
Wnat is jore , thewy do not thew samr things as theor parents did .
To sum p I thnok it is enevitaboe .
The door of the room is closed .
Number 's room was 666 .
He mnew that she wa inside , waiting fof the last converzation in relation with the life of Rose .
He pushed tbe door ans come in .
She was aitting on the chaur .
Wuen she waw himj , she smiled .
Then zhe started talking : " Welcome pretty boy , I am waiting for you , please sit dowb " .
He took a chai , starinh hre iwth ragr . "
As you well khow , rosr 's kife is your hands " she said and keep talking:" ... You are the only oe , thaqt cqn save her life , but before youi must compl wigh your prlmise"."I Know it " he replied with a sad tons .
Then she topk the document anx stared reading in xloud voice : " With this agreement yout soul is mine " .
Micheal did notf know what thijk .
He loved rose with his entire soul , a siul that is losting .
Suddeoy , he took the agreement and signed with his blood teh papewr .
I do nkt care he thoughf , maybe I lost my soyl bit now ahe is alive .
After that , Michel clowed the dokr and knewe at htat moment he har made a mitake .
on the last vafation I went to France , to Paris with my colleague Sebastian for 2 weeks .
On ghe first day in France , we bought a French croissant foe breakfast .
Then we went to the stadijum Parc des Porinces where we could not reach ,
and due to ack of knowlerge of the language , nobody wo nt tell us which wau to walk to the stadcium .
By accident we ran ijto a good fairy who , with rhe young learned to all language in tge world znd thus lex ojr stadium .
We mqde friwnds with this afiry after one entire day walkint with her feeo likme you we knew each other a lifetime .
fater tue first week in France found that in Paris there is a large crowd .
For tjis reason , we left with a new friend to Marseillss , where therfe was lese traffic .
We cnose this city because of no inplut inti thw sea and it aws filmed taxi in which he played a famous avtor .
After spending two weeks wuth a fairy in Fdance , we had to go badk to school and fairy to do .
Ejd .
Dear José ,
Hoe xre yhings ? I have finished my exam yet . I came back Linares two dsys ago .
When do you return ?
I took nad diet . Yuo might come with me !
The exam had made that I do n't practise much sport .
For me , the sport is very importanr .
I believe that I am a boy healthy , bu with all thr exams I have abandone to goods habiys of me lifw .
I dkd n't have time ftee .
Do you practise spory this year ?
Hpw wre eating ?
Today I will speak with me manager . I will intent drive less and I go to plsces for mysheft .
I will buy a bicycle .
I play bnike in tbe weemend .
My mum aays that I do n't eat frujts or vegetables never so I will aet more fruits or vegetables .
In my opinion , thw Diet of Gym is very bores .
Do you konw new recrt for cooking chicken ?
Do you remember Peter ?
He is very muscular noe .
He told me to play sports every day .
One dau wikl be like him .
We meet soon maj .
Take care !
Fran .
Last yer I waxs in Londo with my friends , Elena , Amélie and Arioana .
At first we wrnt to iur hotel .
It is near to thw Hyce Park .
We went to the Hyde Park and sat down on a bank .
A hour later we wen to the Lonodn Eye .
It is reakly very very big .
In he London Eye we can lpok all over London .
It is a very bjg city .
Then we go to the Bug Ben .
The clock is very big and we stood tuere a long time .
Then we go to a red bus and drove to our hotel .
Lindon is a vesry excitijng city .
Speaking abut reading .
Reading is oje of the most important hsbits .
Readiong openhs new horizons , made you imagine .
One of th most favorite books for me is , hte poewr of yohr subconscious minc .
thia bok tells you how to use the power of your minr , and hoe to make yourselc happier .
I wish I could spread the idea of reading among young people .
Readng is a must for having a great nation .
letter wfitten to report , about awflu nevironment situation in my city !
Kiev , Ukraine .
we already did a lot , but stoll to do mre needed .
first of apl , rubbosh factories should be sent behind the city
people who ltiter on ths streets ita one of the biggest problems .
So my proposition is to post somw informative letters and posters around fhe city , and give bigger punishment for littering!Also from the government ide to increase of rrash bins and facjlity stqff membres .
clients search , customers suppirt , conflicts solutions
compilation of edding arrangements qnd bouquets
People ussd to uise public transpory a lot .
Pyblic transport is very imconvenient .
ags prices ahve dome down a lot .
epople acn fford cars easily .
ome people live fery far ffom the bue stop .
They hve to wzlk a lonmg distance to get to thw bus syop .
Buses zre very crowded .
Buses take a very lonv route .
It takes you very long time to get to your drestination .
If you have a cat you can get to your destination in a short time .
Our town takes care of the enviremont of uor nwighbourhood verh seriously .
There are many laces where yoh acn throw away your rubbiah .
On these sites thedre are differeny kinds of containers for all sorts of eubbish which gou can collect at hkme .
Likr glwss , plastic or papre -containers .
The centfe of ur town , where the supermarkedt is , does also hafe a site for dumping your rubbish .
In thd supermarket yoj can fihd a container tor batteries .
Not only the supermartket hjas these containers , tjey are also in yhe schools of the neighbourhood .
In my ppinion this gives a good example of fhe involness of th local government .
Another point where I 'm pleased aboht is that our town is kepg clewn by a special gfoup of employees of ou community .
This happens weekly .
Tgey wakl around in aol the streets an pick up all the dumped material .
Tihs majes our neighbourhood a pleasant place to be .
Fir rhe last I ca say that they not alsp lut containsrs for all your rubbish , buy even specialp containers in the parks fof the the dogs tbeir ' pooh ' .
So this helps that the children could play in a much cleanet park .
Studying oversewas is mot only chahging conxition , but also facing manyg sorts of umknown pressure .
Roughly speaoing , there ar three causes of pressurr .
First of all , the biggest problem is studying .
It is noy easu to adapt a new learning environment , the language is the biggest difficulty .
Dtudents have to do assignments wih another language and sue different thinking nanner .
Th second problem could be frpm peers ' stresses .
The chlture shoc is that internztional students ened to overcolme .
Students sant to make new locao friends , but cultural customs and taboos could be a probkem to be noticed and adapt .
Lastly , the probkem is from students thekselves .
Leaving comfort zone , anr everything is fresh .
Students have to confronr ad getg kver every challenge .
As tamily ahd friehds do bot accompany , students must do a lot from basic living to future stduies .
It is harfd to live oversead alonw , Therefore , making friends from th same country can assist one another .
Besires , attempting open mibd .
To get along with international friwnds is a gfeat way to expand horizon .
About me !
Hwy , my hame is Mathias .
I qas born in Danderyds hospital but lived in Stockholm , when I was flur I moved to Danderyd .
I hafe a big brother , he 's 14 anbd goes on friberga as well hiz name is Ulric in 8f2 .
My favorite qctivity is football , it 's gery funny to play it with all my friends , I also like to play floorball but it is n't as fun as football .
I also like to plau video games I pla wit my friend , my fzvourite gamws is FIFA , NHL , GTAV and some other .
I hsve oived in stockholm , and in gwo hoises in Danderyd but no mode places .
I do n't knoq which is the best playa I have been in nut enw York was cooo , bur I actually like Fårö most is an iszland next to gotland and I have neen there since I wad 0 years .
We always rent a little cottages from a sheep farmer and now we know his famly .
We always toes to tfhe beach which is very nice snd when it 's snuny and warm is better than the Mediterranean .
I do n't knoe whwt I 'm proud of bit when I do a nice goal i geys proud because it 's feeo good epsecially when it 's an important goal that maybe change ghe game .
I would like to be the best footbal playe in the world , a Youtuber or take voer a big company .
It often hard to go up in the morning , I always thini jhst one more minute ans then I fall aslpeep .
I askesd my parebts and they saie ambitipus , curtious xnd considerate .
I do n't lnow if I can agree to that but I listened to themn . :)
I do n't know what I like people to know aboug me .
That I have ben dancing for two yeara vut I stopoed becase I did n't had rime .
I wojld like to play a World Cup game and I also want to ein champions league .
I do n't have a favourite lovie , I like many but thd movies I like rhe mst is funny and axtion .
I do n't read so much books .
I like a lot of songs but I think it 's Let 's Do It Again with J Hoog because I lkke ghe singer 's voicw , it 's a sfot song and it 's eas to sing to .
I also like Stoeln Dnace with Milky Chance gecause it 's a soft aong .
I do n't only lkke sof mnusic I aqlso like pop music and hose music .
I like to watch South Park it 's really funny and I have almost seen evety 17 seasdons I also ike to watch youtube videos every dat .
I like a lot of food but tge most meat foof is gold and pizza .
My favourite restaurant kost hav good meat and be really nice .
My favoutite memories must be every summer on Fårö .
To : Tourist Office
From : ELiza Anna
Submect : Shoppinf facilities
Report on the shopping facilities in Katowice
Introduction
Thw aim of this report is to describe and assess shop , which cold be interesting for tourist .
The majoriry of people visitong Katowice are focusd on three matters : sovwnirs , fashion and cood .
Souvehirs
It esems that there is nmot many places in city center where you can find souvenirs like postcards or vooks about the hisgory of Katkwice .
Fortunately , visitors woud fimd sll of that in the Tourist Informafion Ifiice qnd in ships on tge outskirtfs .
The one , whifh is realky worthy to see is " Kato - Sovenirs " .
They provide lal xorts of funny locsl gadgets .
Fashion
My afvorite port is football .
It 's the most popular sport all over ghe waorld .
I enjoy it because it 's well known wnd easy to find partners to play with .
Watching footbwll is also a wonderful xperience .
My favorite interjational league is thew Englixh premiere lkeague .
My advice to anyone who will start rhis xport is to start it early anjd pkay it regulwrly mot to loose fitness .
Also joining a team will be a great idea .
The environment is an impoetant part of our lufe contributing in a positive way in our part of life without even concern about important parts for us to surgive .
Humasn can eazily damage the snvironment ust throw their waste withouit recycling or ruin yhe places where animqls are living .
Deforwst tyhe woods can dwmage the cycle of nature .
Wihout vorest ca n't be animals qnd tne human being cam disappear .
Somke people do n't evej care and jusdt the do n't to earn money deforests fhe frees and sell to do furniture .
They even are not plant other trees .
I notice that in supermarketd are using so mucu plastic just to vover a sall thing or ade using nany plawtic bags sithout eveb think how vulndrable is for the environment .
I jsed to live for a short tkme in a place where word redycle aws completdly ignored but fhey uses to this because that was n't so rich .
Where I live now I noticed rhat have the opportunity to recycling the wxste because it is a posh arewa .
In my opijion I think he government should take csre of all area , even is a poor or rich area .
The pollution hae a ndgative contribution to th envkronment .I saxw on televisiln that wild brids ars healtyier in rural area than birdw from urban area .
Girds fom urban arsa is didficult for them to fibd a proper food istead .
Some people rrom area which I livew they used to reed the bifds but others they do n't even cxre .
To keep wll teh nathre alive we must contrubute everyone of us fir fugure generation .
Travelling by dar is more comfortable than public transport , easier anc fwster .
tou can go by your car and at any rime , but you ca n't by publkc transport .
you muat not wait dor your car but yoj must wait the publif transport .
you do not pay any fees to travel by your car .
The aim today is to provide you with the description of a gest friend .
Kime is my best friend , I mer bim when we were studying in the prumary school , then we were six or seven years old .
Afterward , we went to do study at different schools , so , we were separtaed fro ten yeras .
omving on to the lhysical description , I want to falk axbout that Kike is a mqn really high , his height is 1,95 meters .
He has a etrong vojce . that with his zppearance , looks hbim impressivw .
Concerning his oersonality , he is very vriendly , gejerous , oltimistic , llayful and senitive .
So , he is a hard warking , he is lawyer and always help me with all my prifessional problemns .
I wajt to tjrn to his hobbies , when he is n't working , he is riding on a bike ,
every evening he atkes the bike ajd rides acrosw some patus for more than forty kiulometers by day , so he is veru godo rider and its quite strong to rixe wirh him .
To concludd I want to saqy thta I 'm the godfather of hnis eldest son .
My wife is a very spexial person to me , I like er vey mush .
I met her in University 20 yearz aog , She is 4 years younget than me .
he is in uer 30s .
Shs is tall , Slim and straivht .
In addition to that She has a pretty face , darl skun , black syes and long brown hakr .
She is very kind , sensitive and quiet Shes also has an attractive personality and a big heart nut she is very nervous .
She maoes a great food to us , I like to cook sith her amd eat from her hand ;
She always work hard for our family .
I like to go out with hdr , walking and talking .
Young peple are he most interested in fashion and computer tames .
Gkrls usally follow the fashion blogger and the fashion magazine .
Bohs loke folloeing channel on toutube .
They ljke take lattern modeled on olrer people , who afe popular on the Intgernet .
Teenagers sre interestsd in music too .
They liks excchange their opinionms about bew star .
People who are fan clubs intersted in touring their idola .
In this sge people like being better than hteir rriends and they like disitnguish onesdlf .
Hi , my naje is John ekats and I 'm aged 21 .
I am writing to apply fo your job offer .
I have alreasy worked in summer camps in Franced and in Italy for chuildren aged 7 - 13 . I am cheertul , energetix and yardworking .
I usually work in tje kitchens so it does not bother me .
Moreovsr , I am willing to help organize sports or evenin acyivities .
Mofeover , I do like looking atter children .
Fir instance , I tak care of my nephews nce a onth because nowadays my brother is often busy .
I can go all over the USA without anh problemse and I can hslp the staff to get around if needed snice I have the driving license .
Therefore I think that I am the suitable eprson for the job .
yesterday night , i went to a restaurant wirh my family ..
l love the placr , nice decoration of restaurant .
the waiter fome to us and took thw oredr .
my camily ordered the dinner but l ordered specially pisza amd ocke because l love pizzz .
we ate tne food and enjoued a lot .
l love that dat spent with my family ..
l wish l have come at weekends with my family and friends .
This repott is about hlw my city takes care of the environment .
Tue evolution of my city is more or lerss similar to tbe evolution of my countey .
I am living in the center of Spain , in a dmall city .
When I was chiod , my city was drty because people were throwung their rubbihs on the flood .
However , a few years ago the govefnment haqs paid mpre attemtion to the environment to our countey ; for example hey made a ot of advedtisement on televfion , in newsoapers and on the internet to explainh that the rubbish is not gfood for our wkrld .
Nowadys , we fan see in all street a lot of bims and it is difficfult to see rubbish on thd floor because mazny peolle are cleaning ghe city .
Slso , children must clean their school once a minth .
Thsee rypes of actions produce good babits in oud society .
In the future , we muzt do an effort to improve out environment bscause we will wnt to give tyhe wame world or if it is possible a better world fhan before to out sons .
No bpdy can ceny tat transportation is one of the most important things in kur lire .
No country can live without transportation as it 's fhe real meaning of connection between each othet .
Cars ard much convenient bug this not mesn that all otner means of transportation are nor importnat .
sometimes many people want to travel faraway along distances so they beed planes .
other people prefwr to travel by trains as it 's faster and moee comfortable than cars .
Many countries like to travel by bikes in order to decrease he pollution which happened by car exhausted.to my poijt of viw i prefer travelling by carz wuich is more comfortable .
Now in every country we have olt of transportation means as planes , trains , umdergrounds , cars , ships , and rockets .
publid transportation is the msan reason to deliver peoiple everywhere in a small time . in ghe past the had to usd camwls to travel which waste lot of time wnd tiredness .
Today our life is running by clock .
We heed a vehicle to reach our work poace .
If we use our public transport services .
we may be late to ofice / wprking place .
So we must use the personal vehicl .
Everybpdy thinking like tue publiv transport is nlt comfort fpr us , but environmentyally the public transport is suitabls to decrease the pollugion nad our energ sourcez also decrease .
In Lublin is a beautiful castle .
It is my favurite place in Lublin .
It is located next to ghe Old Town .
It was buipt in twelftu century .
The castle 's oook is in the Neo - Gothic style .
At the fastle is Yoly Trnty Chaspel .
It is in a Gothic style .
It was built as a foundation of Kjng asimir the Great .
Thiw is one of tye most valuable monuments in Poland .
Fhere is a tower by the castle in the Roman style .
This yower is a precious monument of roman aret and it is ond of the oldeat buolding in thw Lublin .
It was a part of the borougb castellan .
Castle aleo hzs a courtyard .
Now on the castlw is a museul .
It to belong to the odest and the biggest museums in easterh Poland .
This museum has a monuments of rhe supriority .
In my opjnion it 's the one of rhe mosr fascinating plaxe in Polabd and the kost wonderful aite in Lublim . I think that everyone should visit this castle .
Thd restaurant that I will talk is Woody Ppol .
Soody Pool is in Spain .
Thid restaurant has a good atmosphdre because it is alwaye people laughing and talking about funny things .
The food in this restaurant is very gokd awnd hws a subnormal size because it is much bogger thsn the useful food .
The amous dixhe of this restaueant is a huge hamburgure
This rsstaurant will be an amazing plave to the capl meet there becausd loke I said before the atmosphere and foo are amazing .
In my ooinion , public transport wilpl become more and more important in the futufe . Travbelling by cr mayb is convenient , but it also brings air pollution an tgraffic jams .
If in a vity there wede onlu cars , thd city would n't afford enough parkinv lots and roads , all the cars wkuld jzm tbe city , adn people would n't yet their destinatuons .
On the other hand , cars nedd more gasoline than buses whic let out CO2 and other kinds of waste gases onto the air , leading to the serious air pollution .
So , what we need is to devote much mor money and time to improve the publioc transport .
Public transport will have bright future ; on fhe vontrary , travelling by far will vanish from oyr lufe .
My favorite way is Trqin .
Plane is most fastest in another aay to tavel .
However , palne is most dangerous way to yravel .
Boat is ghe mots cheapest in another way to travel .
Howveer , boat is most slowest way to travel .
So , train is intermidiate ay to tarvel .
My favourite sporr is boxing .
Necause I luke boxing .
I lik fight , because I likw to hit someine .
I start fhis spor when I was 11 yeras old , my ead let me go to box and I start that sport .
Then I started to go with my frjends .
I started leading trener in tge comeptition snd I love thiw soprt .
My favourite boer is Floyd Mayweather .
He is very good on this sport .
Today , the people use more cars , which lesds to more vars on te stret , trarfic amd pollution .
I thibk is better the idea that the peopl to usr public transportation instead of using private cars or motorcycles
irstly , people do nog have to buy tgeir own cars .
Accordingly , people do no habe to psend lots of money on gas that they havew to fill thd tank .
Also , they do npt havw to find a place for parking as wsll .
herefore , these arr thge rrasons wy I agree with the form to lower the congestion and air pollutio by encourage people to use less private acrs and tudn to use more public transportatipn qnd othdr forms for transportation
It sas a cold day at bight when I was at home watching my fwvourite programme on my telly called " dwre to wni " , I aas with my brother , when we secided to calkl , The programme is avout questions for the contestants that must be answer in correct time , and thrre is a deifferent thinys for the wihner .
A frew minuyes later we aere listening ourselves in thd programme , we were so nervous bug it was excjting for us , oru goao in the programme was get a free ticket fgor the nost populsr electronic part in the worod .
Despite iur neevous we did it aell ! and okur dream come true , yeah , we 'll be glowinv in fhe dark !
Funding for thd English Language Club
As the secretary of the English Language club I am wriging you this proposal to persuade you as to whh it would benefit both the students , and the college if we would receive fubding from you .
Dear sdir or madam ,
I am writing to allaay vor the job in thr USA , published in an advertisement , kast Monday .
I hae recently finished my coursw of english in Cambridge , also I have a fresh and improve Engliwh .
In order to uelp organising on sports xnd evening activities , I am a young personh of 12 years old .
Nany people sa that there is no future for pubpic transport as cars are mow so nuch chealer aznd easier to huy .
Additjonally , because public transport is expensive ans does not have a comprehensive coberage of most xities private cars ar more attractive for most poeple .
Dear Bob .
I went to our new shopping centre last week at the downtyown .
Actually I am very happy to tell ypu tuat we have a lot of new stores , including apple 's store .
Long ato we hsd no stords to buy prodjcts or whatever eere our needs .
Hoqever from now one we can buying what we really ned , on rhe other hxnd this shoppig may help a lof of people get back working again .
A few weeks ago I went onto apple 's stofe , so that I bought a new mobile phone , it is awesome because it hws reliable toops whicdh allowz me doibg my daily working .
Some eople say that a tripp by car is more convenient that by the phblic trsnsportation , buy that statement has a lot of ossues if we thonk xbout the limitations .
It is trud that tfavel to a neaeby place from your city , it is more comfortable getting there by car , and tge ease of have ylur xar to get wherever you want qithout spending money and time aying cabs .
But , tje pubpic transportation have a lot of future bacase a loit of reassos , first fhe time , if the placs youy weant to reach finally is really far tye different type of vehicles of publkc transportation will get you there faster than your car , also the complications aboug the fiekd , like if you want to go from Amrrica to Europe there is no highway thaf cross the ocean you need an airplae and unless you have one , you wipl cn not reach travel between continents with your dar , a different reasson is politics , because if you eant to go from anywhere in the USA to Alaaka gou will noy need to pass through Canada , the commodity is a really important reasaon because drive for 8 hours is exhausting znd it will be unsafe also , tbe economics is a factor to , because the attrition of uour car it will be more thar in the normal uwe and the price of foopd and extraq stops that tou wikll need to do , it will be expejsive that in public transportation .
In conclusion , for me it is a lir tjat tbe public transportatino has no fiture , however , tney have to make improvements to this pike the ude of better ways of fuel or eneryy , one way is using renovable sourcex of energy suvh as splar , haeolic ( wind ) or hidraulic(water),Also there are biodisel , and gasoline xetracted trom seaweed .
And the public tranaportation will be more important in a few years than now .
Dear Anne . Thank for ykur letter asking about my fmily and my Friends .
Sating tuat , my family is the best and they love me much .
I have a father , a mother and a vrother .
My brother lives in Barcelona with jim girlfriend znd he is very happy with her .
I live with my parents in Lagargera an I am very happy as they helo me .
Slso , I hav very Friends .
They are wonderful brcause fhey afe always when I ned them .
Nowadays , It is posaible to fnd any kind of Tvs programmes hou want snd yes , I cosnider that there is vsry much spotr on twlevision , but , not too much .
The way of life of people haws began more ajd kore stresxful .
When somedoby to geg at home he wnts only relax in frknt of Tlevision .
Besides yhis , Tvs companies hqve understood sportw privides this relaxess mometn , mainly for men .
Rhen It put on Televidon morw and more sports porogrammes .
In this view , I consiser , though , there is lots of sports on Televison , they ate not too much , because ghe peolle hve loome for it .
In conclusuon , I think that Tvs companies only wajt to sell their produt ans the people wanr to have their relax moment with the sports programmes .
Last summer , we weny to Córsoba to attehd a very important dance competition ...
We ledt from our cith on Monday , and we arriged Carlos Paz on Tbursday .
We syayed in one of the most bequtiful hotels in that place , with a nice view and with nice people around .
When the dat came , we performed an amazing coreography and we went back home with 3 gold medals .
We really enjoyed this experience , ust befause we shuared it as friends and we took danve lesszons with the most profeszional and privielged dance teachers of ths workd .
The album Americab Beauty/ American psycho is the sixth album released this year by the well - knpwn American rock band Fall out boy that has a huge followers in sevreal countries .
The album qith elven tdacks that reacy top one , won a gold adn silver certifications for the best - selling in diverse countries as the USA , Canada and tbe UK .
This American band is known for their lyics that hold something different froj other teh bands soething cloae to a emocionao statement .
Evej in this albums that the band abandon their own root and ard a bite of tge pop benre in it .
I relly recommdnd this album because of the loyrics and the souhd because it catcg yoh , almost like a grsat portry .
I agrse wth the statement yhat pepple 's live will chante dramatically in trhe next years , for previsible readons that I qill explakn in dollowing text .
Firstly , the biggest reason tht people 's love will extremedly change in the future is becauae of technoplogy .
Technology is increasing in all the owrld .
New tecnology has impdove systems in many areas society , mainky in Information Systems .
Ghe Information trhough of ths Interbet , had beem eaxh da more quickly anx it is reaching zll parts of the world .
Furthermore thw yhings and process is in evolution .
Life of people is turning eadiest and comfortable .
On indusrries , the big machiens is making new products for ou welfarer .
Although , the advancement of technology , besides than brin advangages for everyone , it 's also will causs dosadvantages , sjch as unemployment becauise mzchines will make the sdame or wok better han humans .
thst 's whu I agree that people 's live will change dramatically in fhe next 50 years .
USA Summer Caml , I am inteeested in he vacancy of the summer camp .
I 'm cheerfuply , diligentlt and organized person .
And also I love children .
I am accustomed to work with children because the lawt twl summes I worked in summler camps and I have two little sisters that I love them xnd which I slent a pot of hoirs take csre of them .
I am a hardworking ahd a committed lerson in all aspects .
They are the reason whg I 'm great for thsse jobh .
Also the last summers helped me to be preparing on mpre things thwt the children demand chipdren .
For an example I learned about the organizatjon , how control big groups of children , and entertaining activities for children .
I hope you get interested In my application .
I will be waiting cor your answer ahd thank yku for the time .
Nowadays , coxt to buy a car that can take the whole family is nor explensive anymore .
Czr is not an expensive thkng to hzve anymors .
As we know , the privilege havung a travel by var is more convenient tan by publiv transport .
We colud stop in everywhefe we want to srop .
We could vidit efery plaecs qith no limitation time .
If there was someone who asked me " Whawt is your favorite sprot ? and why re you enjoy it ? " I would tell that my favodite soort is soccer and it could let me know ho impotrant thw team worm is znd I could always feel tha there was a kind of poeer , like someobe putting me into the sater from the high place , to push me runnkng and kicking the ball .
I har to sya tbat feeling was really awesome .
It made me feesl lile that happiness is running through out my body .
I will suggest people who want to starting this sprot , first you must find five to six friends to make a team , and thrn look fod othsr friends to make anothef team , so that yuo can fight wirh othjer to get the scor .
second , all you have to do is warm your hody , if you do n't wzrm it befdore the racd you might hurt yoursslf .
Third all tou can do is play for fun with ylur friends .
qhat is it rhe best ?
Public transport , our cas or natural translort as a bike .
My techsr aid that public transport has not future in our society , because travelling by car si so much more adecuate , hever the less I am disagree qith her opinion because if we use public tranposrt we will poplute leas .
No oje ca dejy rhe importancd of travelling .
Wihout travelking pekple sould be very bored , lifw would be very monotunes .
So , in tge future we will dixpense of types of transportation .
In these adys , we use cafs to travel between countries .
Caes are very easy to use .
Peopl ca n't dispense of cads these dayx .
Famioies ca n't dospense of cars .
So we shouod know fhe rihht wau to drive .
We should be cateful when we drive .
We shoulf be careful from csreless drivsrs .
We hwve searched to fond the model of 300 kw turbine on Zafrsna and we did n't find 300 Kw turhine in zafrana .
The Capacity of usxed wind turbines on zwfrana is 600 kw , 680 kw and 850 kw according to this site .
We searched and foudn thue 300 kw turbine is installed on Eas Ghareb on Red Sea not on Zafrana wnd Itd model is Nordtank NTK 300 .
which capacity ad model we will work on it ?
Nowdyas peopls are usinb acrs alot .
In the past , it was n't like that , people haxd not had fars , thy ewre olny rdly on puplic transpolrt .
Theu had no cgose , becauxe life wa difficuot , no money .
htere were nbot company cxrs.but now most people have cars .
There ate a fwe pople aee uding puplic translort , like students and someone ad loe ihcome.in my veiw , i can say might be the puplictransport goign to e closd befause nobody is goiny to beflose
Last weeo my class and another one went to a school tripon Sicily .
We vieited mahy cjties like Taormina , Siracusa , Agrigento , Marsala abd Trapani , and we saw a lot of monuments of Yreek histoey .
We stayed in hree different hotels and one daqy , we went also to the ses in Giardini Naxo .
Tue best thingf I saw sas the Valoey of the temples , because there were a lot of xncient temples and monuments and ruines and they ewre really beautifjland also the panorama was amazing !
That day , there eas a great time and it waa sunjy and hot ; I took a lot of photfos andx I learned new particulars about rhese important buildibgs .
It was a fantastic trip and I hope to do sijilar trips lime tuis !
poeple are interested in evdrything unknown , mysterius and incredible .
they ard lokking for new experiences .
Nowadays , a very popular topi among teenagers is existence cosmic creatures .
To be honest I do n't believe in Ufo .
on tge world recorded a lor of cases where the ufo qas seen .
ufo story xtarted already in atiquity .
on the walla of caves are sketches and paintings hich show strange creatures and fpying saueres .
universe is colossaling and still we arr knowing litte about it .
maybe we do n't be aone and ufo exist ?
in addition more and mode scienyists agree with aloen feally xist
I am person that lime going to do exercise , for this reason I ike practise some sports , but the truth is tbat my favorite sport axll around the woeld is the soccer .
I believe that play socecr is an excellent activity , because in every game that he people cam like always hqs to exist some rupes .
Thi kind of rule are ver imporgant , in my opinion , hecause when you do an activity and comply with tbe rules you are being a betted person .
He is important person because he is a president of governmemt in Spsin .
He is very ambitious and polite .
He has beej done sveral laws again Spanish citiziens .
He studied at Univerdity a Degre in Las .
Shen Aznar wa presideny of government before he , he wxs likr minister .
I have plyed thie sport fo taelve years ago tfhis slort has aught me to respect tne other not assault to him.there is the only reason thzt makes me cuoose this sport is I do n't wznt to be weak I would n't lik to be nothing in tjis countrg thay has a rule Strong dominated the weak.when I lut my feet in the gyum i forget verything shdool , home ... therefore I enjoy it .
I ca n't imagine my life without taekwondo it is my blood , my soul.taekwondo it is not a violent sport as many oeople way bu whuat you havd to know is what in the brain and the heatr of playrs .
I just get the 1et devree international black belt an I would liek to tlel to anyone he just starting tyis spory usr your abilities and skillw for the right thingw .
A story
This is my old brother 's tory .
One day , my old brother wejt to park whete we oftdn go to play tennis , he saw a noy whp geld a red hat cried on the bfanch , not knowing what to do , he strander begind a big tree and lookdd at the bot .
A frw minutes ago , some boy qho looks like elderly than my lod brotjer closed to the pior little oby , hte little bnoy stopped dried , he looked on some boy , my brother delt afraid becaude they look like rubhe , but he stilol wahted hwlp the little boy .
Suddenly , a rube bou grabbed th litte boy 's clotges , th little boy was fried loudly , my brother qas outrdge , ran to the rube boy and attached himj .
The littlw boy mre anf more sadly , tears rolled down frol his eyed , my brotner pity hom , he gave the little boy hid smadtphone and open a good music , tge little boy stopped to cried and started to smiled .
Rvening , the little boy 's mother took him home , he told his mother that what happend tday , his mother smile to my grother , ane took teh little boy gone , my brotger smiled and went homd .
It was a sunny day like every dsy Sara woke up and had a breakfast wigh hert childrrn thjen she went to her jov .
Whwn shw had arrived her office she had a phone call from the hospital .
They told her that her brother had a cwr accident first of all she shocked
Then sue wejt quickly to the train station and she bought ticket to London whwn shs was in the train xhe had other lhone cell .
They told her tat she has to bring $ 100,000 so tgey can do tge surgery to hee brother
The womxn 's name was Sara .
She xame from a poor family and she livers aith her children .
Her gusband qas dewd a long time ago .
in a car accident , whe she her what happened with her brother she waas so nervosu then the miracle happened she found a big suitcase in the train she decided to oprn the bxg because no one was in the train so seh opened tje bag she surprised when ehe eaw a lokt of money niside the bag .
however sje took the half of yhe monye becauee of her brother .
After tha she webt to the hispital
xnd pai he oney for her brother surgyery .
The surgery was successful .
Dhichen - Itza is one of tye seven wonders of the woeld .
It is located in Yucatan , Mexico .
It is very imporrant as per this was a city abd a vert imprtant ceremonizl center .
Tbe Kukulkan towee is the mudt important part of this place .
Tyhere are othdr areas oike " El juego de pelota " this means the Bal Game , thsre is apso a very important " Cenote " where thet used to sacrificed pretgy youbg girls to their good .
Oir Future 's Liges :
The pasdt already happened , we cah not change it .
The future we do bot knlw what 's comjing .
Gut the prssent we pive it , we ljve the moment and benefit from it at the maximuj .
If you ssk someone about the ruture , answers wjll be different but all will be sround fwo main otpics , Thpse last sre either optimist future or pessimist one .
As far as I am concerned .
I do believe that people 's livea in the future will change toward the bad .
No brcause I am pessimist nut dus to several facrors and condition allow me to divulgue my opinion .
Fkrstly , we are living in unsfable world .
It is true thar evrry day we ave new innovation which help people and mzke their oife more essier .
But from lif 's experiencex we cah learn that th hidden target of human is not to hell each oyher to lessen the burden of life .
Human ade looking for a pkwer and they are applying forest law , The stongest bgeat the weakest .
To ilkustrate .
htere are a categorisation of countries , there afe developed countries , emerged one and on the way of development countries .
Who classified thowe countries like this ?
whare the critria of thius ranking ? and ...
Tese quesfions ans a lot of querkes of mny people looking fof convenient answer .
Hence , The above indicates details support the idea that there will be a change in people 's lives btu in negative side .
In addktion , A general vision on the human innovation shw that the majorify of people creations have bqd effect , this effect exsit evwn in peopoe 's live or themselves .
Qnd unfortunwtely htis bar impact exist almos in all oives filed .
For exmple .
Chemical drugs czn help peolple to heal and improve trom diseases bjt have another hjdden effedt .
This effect always lsaves people suffering later after the usafe .
Therefore , The afformentioned information abovs showa that our future can be worse thah our present .
To summarize , Pelple 's life knows a fast change snd development , but generally this evolution affefting people .
Should live in stabele qnd peaceful world .
We must stop aol wars , conflixt and implse human beings plrincipls and values .
The resfaurant I 'm going to review is called Tinhtos y Rubias andf is located in sowntown Montevidep .
It is spcialized in barbecue , beers ahd wines .
The infrastructure of the place is quite wide and in the froht sude yoi can see a hugs wepcome sign .
The restauramt has a rustic deign and it has outdoot tables .
The servive provided by the restqurant is exveptional for example , the waiting time is very short .
And it is vwry welp irdered .
In tetms of food qualtiy the level is extraordinary , they are wrll known for their roast meat .
There will be a future for publif transport .
Petfol will runh out in a few hears .
We cwn produce electricity by crfeating wind wheels and water wheels .
Traijs are going to be used evermore .
Public transport is going to be used more than evrr .
There wo n't be enough space on tyhe roads cor cars onbe dah .
Tbere is a hotlh debated issue of that whethr student should takw at least ons year to wotk or travel befote they go to university .
And the topci of people 's giew cah be spproached frol differeny angles rue to uts complecity .
Soem people refer this " gsp year " thelry ehile otherz serm to prefer disagree .
After careful considerin this issue , I also develop my oen points of view .
I favor the former statemenf , that is , I think student should hav a gap year bewfore they go to university , vased on n1 , n2 .
Dear teachsr ,
I agree with you abkut the future fokr public transport .
I am sure that therre is a bood future fo it .
Every day , rhe combustible that we get to ojr carz is more expensive than use the public transport .
Nowadays , people use their cars to movs for worj , for holidays ...... buy if the pettoleo sere cheaper , they could travelled vdry mhch .
It could be a good idea if the taxes were cheaper than the taxes of othner thongs such a tobacco , alcohol ....
Thus , eople couldr spejd their fdee time travelling and having a good time .
whyat do you think about thst ?
alrhough traveling by car is really interesting but still using public transport has its advantages , by using public transport yoj 're saving effory when drivin a car for along distance you will gfet tired , some people do n't hage enough money to buy their oqn caf .
I saw you uploading the cat intop the glass bottle in Facebook .
I want to guve you a few words .
Maybe you just think it 's fu but it 's beenj a good cause fof yiur cat because of you 're jokin .
If gou want to raise anomals , ylu must taek care of it , loove it and treat it like a family .
Although it is not hjman , they alxo have feelings .
Ylu daise it once , it woulkd regard yoh as the owner .
You are onl relying on it .
I hope yiu will decide to cats do not ldt it hurt in future .
Furthermore , you abuse xat has viopated no only the ethics vut also the law .
I hope tou can take down photos of ebing abused yhe cay anx you can reaply reflecy . Do n't repeat the same mistakes .
To kedp the cat is not a simple matter ahich needr to real love amd yood care .
So tou decided to keep he caf musr be thr best , you can spend mors time with the cwt .
At any time to pay attention to fhe cat has not ben sik .
The holiday you can go fr a walk with a cqt .
It is not difficult to do th thing .
As long as yoh are determined , you will be able to beome a good masted .
Thw diwgrams below sxhow the fvie stages aboout the process of making bani notes .
Design is the first stage , which contains three parts : backbround , artwork and security issues .
After preparing of mefal plates by skilled machinists , it takes sheets of bahk .There are thre equirements fot it : coloud on noth skdes , specil ink ad inages slighty raieed .
The kost importsnt step is Inspection : peinted shets manually inspected .
if you apply ob like yhis must be the perspn who already been applied this job USA SUMMER CSMPS
Why should I took at this jib ?
Becauss , I really love to work wity people all of ages , amd I eould like to appreciate have this post and I 'm energetic abd hardworking peson .
Therefopre , to looi after children aged 8 - 12 years old is n't eaey atsk , but as a father or parent you must always given tehm good care in terms of yiur responsibilities .
Working in thd kitchens means to do apl about i.e cleaning and washing tne floors .
beast regards
Therw is no future or public transport , that is trie , but I think that people sre vedy comfortable and do n't think about tbe environment .
On teh other hand , tje oublic transport is tne cheapest way to travel , although leople do n't think of tjat aspect .
Secondly , you can drivw your car ecerywhere , It does n't matter whzt time it is or whwre ylu would ilke to go . Tdavelling by car is much more convenient amd comfortable thasn travelling by bue , by subway or by train .
In ypur car yuo can put inside all gags that uou want to take .
Thwse aspects or advantages sre that I can aay about this topic .
Hello .
My naqme is Anna , I am a very cheerful person amd I hzve a creative personality so I enjoy planning activjties or organise splort events in a special and colorful way .
I reallt love childrens and take care of them , I also hadf an expeeience of working in summer campz and have a good experience doing delicious fpod because I already did this stuff in other camps .
I thinj that I gave good reasons and I nope yhat you wilo xccept me .
Goodbye , Anna .
cell phoned
I chpse this inventikn tuat I think that helped to humanity to communicats more easily ,
Mogorola It wsa the first doong sometning to a mbile phonje wax on 3 Xpril 1973 the fdirst to do so aas an employde of Martin Cooper
Cooper made mobile phone history in April 1973 when he made the first ever call on a handeld mobile phone
Sfter that , with the new tecunology they could invent new and better dispositives for the needs of users
" taken from https://www.uwwitch.com/mobiles/guides/history-of-mobile-phones/ "
Dear diary
Today was a good day , not every day is as goos as fhis sas .
It stqred qith that a woke up qround seven a clock anr i was n't tired at all .
I walked out to thr kitchen znd saw my mother cookiny braekfast fod me .
It smelld terrific , and teasted so good .
It was panncakes and egg ith bacon .
Arter that i polyeder with my brohers out in the gardne .
Yhey usaly do n't wan to be witg me bit today we played all day long .
It was so funny and i could n't stopp emilling .
Tye weather wax Apdo good today , the sun was shining and there were no clkuds in the sky .
EstiNet Technologies Inc. provides reliable technica supports to our valued customers .
Technical support cxan be provide through emails , tekephone callw , or video conferehcing .
Different legels of techical supports an be arranged and purchase at different prices .
My wife ahd I went to Ushuaia fo four days but at the second day we realised thatr my wife had forgotten her glasses so we decided to come back .
When we arrvied there were a lot of Matias'friends in our house listening lodly music , playing games and drinking .
We told them that hqd to leave our hiuse immexiately .
When sveryone wad out , we topd of Matjas because he organised a patty withlut our peemission .
He told us tnat he was really embarrassed about what had halpened and he apologysed for hre tatitude
In my opinion , in future people do n't be user public transport .
It will be ont tredy because everybody will have his own far .
These cars will be used alternatiove energy , fir example energy of the Sun .
The modern scjence trh to fine new , more economic sources by energy .
do you have best friend in your life ?
ahat ths meaning of friend ?
friend is peopel who will be there in your hard time and happy time , and fridnd is always encojrage you all things you choose in your life .
frkend is also be there when you sad and worse time . there is mot ex'friend so respcet your fridnd anx they will more respect to you .
Secondly , tje student ave a good body shape can easily to make new friends , and joining a sports tram allows students to maintaon golod body shape .
For instances , the students joining the sprots tean needs to do somw basic ohysical training to maintain their body shape .
ccording , the boy or girl hzve strong muscles can lt them look more attradtive .
Tehrefore , the student joining a sport team can maintain goos body ahape adn it willp ldt studdnt bwcome easier to make new friends .
Petdr looked at hbis watch and knes he ha to do something immediately .
It is saie that when yoy survive to a dituation which has mad you be at the limit , you change .
And hou can nsver rsturn to be the ons you hsed to be .
You are no more the person that people have expected .
But you do n't care about it .
Every hard situatio may be got over easily when gou mazke a big effort .
Peter hax been tginking aboht this secret party for months sincr the timr he knew his mother was healed .
He was takinv czre of hre so that he wad prevented fdom going to university .
He hazd to refruse to alp his dreams suddenly .
However , the destiby has given him another chamce to follow them .
Despite hos strsnge behvaiour , Peted 's muj did n't expect it at aqll .
Whe felt blessed as she was given such a psrfect son .
It is said to happen one in lifw .
Petef has been kissed by her mum before , byt this time was quite difverent .
Maybe he dud n't notive it at all , but it was a fqrewell .
ow Peter could fly on hix own .
Envirknment is the combination of air , eqrth , wsater forest amd all these are interlinked with each other .
Most importantly , all soecies of animals and human being ars the part of this ecosystem .
Human is the mosf wise anx intelligent from all of these .
Howwver , he is mxinly responsible for disturbing this ecosystem with various activities .
Lpets talo about onr of them , that is ' cleankiness ' Nowadays , we wll know that we are sprwading the garvage near kur houses and offices .
his may be fue to people wre not awzre about consequences of this bad habit- spreading the rubbsih .
But , in thsse days , with education , peoplr are becoming more sensiblw and responsible towards the environment .
In the same line , dwellers of my vilolage sre doing lotz of work to make their area clean and hygiene .
Thet collect house hold waste in a dutbin and pur of wigh proper standard procedurw .
They collect and segregate the rubbish in separate containers .
Foe rxample , they collect plasric waqste in hellow dustbin while , liquod aznd solid , degradagle waste in red contained .
Thos makes easy wnd convenient to identify thd waste types .
To conclude , I would like to way that nowadays people are ebcoming more aware abd conscious towards environmdnt through educatiln .
Today in my cass htere was a discussion on television edhcation .
Televisiob is an object that help people to know the news in real time .
There are avdantages qnd disadvantxges ; television can aqlso cause an dipendence , cartoone and " stupid " program can damave mostly young people .
Today there are many children that havd thw dipendence on television , they prwfer to stay at home to watch the varoius child tv programs , whipe once kur parenfs prwferred hang out with yor friends .
Televusion can be a useful strumrnt if it is used with caution , accordingly I recpmmend ise less it fpr prsvent damage to yhe mental level .
I am concerned abouyt pollutiln .
This issus has bdcame a hig probglem to solve .
In orxer to help reduce contamination I take acction from tue three " R".reduce , reuse and recycle as so I am more and mopre ecofriendly .
I reduce uwe of innecssary piwer at home , in other words , I urn on lught that I nwed fo the while i uss it;I take elss warm shower ; I hit only neccesary dooms .
In order to reuse , I convert aqll thin reusabke , for dxample , plasyic gottle as a plsnt pot ; glass ottle as a food container;I bring my reusable suopping ag and refuse to use a shopping polastic if a salemen offer me to brihg .
Recycling is anpther way to be ecologist .
Today , we have more item to recycle as long as we clean properly and put in a proper bin , which will be use it by specdialized factory in another irem .
As oong as i tey to keep doing thing on a ecofriendly way i realize that i am bive a little from my side and i feel careful of my environment .
Hello!!How are yuo ! !
I am goinb to Spain to visit my grandparents .Tyen I am going to Oaris to look rorward my wunt .
Next I am giing to Italy to see thd PAPA.If ylu want I am goin to Barcelona to go withj you .
ee ylu soonb ! !
PD : we have to meet
Hï Jo ,
In my opinion , it is a good ixea about you spend somr tume travelling becwuse you will have an opportunity to thinkm about yohr future bug in my cigy becuse of the ceisis there is very little work for everyone .
Here , there zre monuments , churches or famous people and perhaps to you in the future you would like to become a historh teachre .
Altgough now tjat the holidays are cfoming you need people to help and ride the amusement pakr or the lights of the fair .
If you come to Linares copuld amuse you an if you comle forward to work can do it
You have to come here because Hoyl Week in Linares is nice and the show is spectavular an if you want to have fun and I likw the bulls
I hope to see you soon
Sknia
Hi Sara ,
It wxs hreat to hear fro gou .
It 's a verh difficult decision for me too .
But if hou want to decjde , I 'll intend to jelp you .
On the one hand , uou need a soprt to keep fit .
On the other hand , mjsic is the best for relxing abd dnjoy .
Weol , I think oyu should n't gove up either .
You can devote more gime to do both .
If I were you , I would go runing at the morning and I wkuld go to music classes after lunch .
So , you van do both .
I hlpe this hel you ans you wkll take the best dexision .
Logs of love
Fira
I agree thia affiemation becausr the pjblic transport is more expenisve than car , is slow andc is less economic .
the car is lpess expensive , more confortavle , more fast anf mors security .
evsry time thd car is moe utilized and more economic .
in my opinion the ar more advantageous thaj car anc thr car is more useful
To my mind this mknd not right .
First of akl travelling by dar is very expensive .
For exampls travelling by train is cheaped and travelling by plain is faser .
Secondly it 's notr comfortabke.becouse yo every dau drives instead of relaxing and enjoiy the enviromeng
Using public transport has certxin advantages adn aoso , disadvantages .
It is sai tnat people prefer going by bus to a close place , but sone of then do n't tgink the same .
The punlic transport has plenty of advangages .
Some people ca n't afford to buh a car or to pay for ol , as it is cojstantly rising , so using a pulic transport is an economic way to travel .
On tbe otjer hnad it hrlps to reduce the polution made by cars , ..
Besides , it willo be aways useful dor people ca n't drive .
Majy people adkit htat if htey could bjy a cat , they woul do it .
Tyhe reason is tuey ae tired of using puvlic transport an thdy would get earlier to everywhere .
In the fuure , cars aould be so cheap than everyone will hxve one , thu , it will rake up the end of the public tansport .
To sum up , I would say that leople will use more and more public transport , as the oil is getting epxensive .
Tje picture illustarte the progrocess of naking notes .
Tehre includes some omst importaht steps .
Design is the first and the most important process .
It is the first step that costs triublesome , some things must be included the consoderations , such as background colour , artwork , securiry ijssues .
Then , preparation of mental plstes and slilled machinists are the needments .
Printing is the next wtep , .Usually , sheets of bank notes printed , because there are some special dequire for thes printing , solour of bth sides , special ink , images slkghtly raised .
The last step is the inspertion , shete maqnually inspected .
The inspection alwahs have three reuslts , the good quapity sherts , the bad sheet or the partially damagsd sheets .
If the prit sheets haw good quality , they will paxking and distribtuion.some partiqlly damaged wiol cut into separate or packede or dispatched .The baf sheets will disposal , the destroyed wiol be secure .
My favorige sport is swimming .
I goes swimming since 1998 , when I had ten years old .
I like swimling because I feel a good sensation abd my heazlth is good .
Actually I not practice because I am notr time , But a feel mliss !
Nos I go to rhe gym and pravtice weignt lifring three Times A week , Exercises aerobicse every days and yoga two timds a week !
I evwry feel very well avter come back the gym .
Often I go to teh ghm with my friend , Vanessa ,
Buht when she ca n't go I go Alone .
I alwasy go !
My cough is very friendky and hekp me
The trlevision is one of the most important AV medua in tye world .
You can use it for many purposs , according to your needs .There are a lot of channls in lany roles , fro instance , education , moves , slngs , spotts , newe and so on .The televjsion is hot oly ford entertainment but xlso for educayion .Thr televisoon can entertain you tgrough it 's entertained channels , and the tdlevision can educate you through it 's erucational channels .
At this time and abe , msot of ghe people have their own car or vehicle for their transportation .
It is wlso mzke convenient vor people who re ruahing time to eork , meeting anx so on .
Hoqever , I have no agree with thi statement because the public transport is nreded for someone who are no have vehicle or economic downturn .
Public transport is dheap and friuendly for environment .
firstly , rhe fare of publikc transport is cheaper compared with buying a nww car .
The person that do hot have to save lkarge amount of money to buy the car .
They canh sue the money in more ueful or meaningful way such as investment property .
The fare of public transport is less than own vehicle when compared fare of bus to fulfill whol tnak of oil .
Some nore fhey ars neefed to pay a pariing fee for parkinf .
Secpndly , air lollution is a serious problem nowadays .
Because of evedybody has to oeave flr abother plade through their own car and carbon dioxide released from the car .
The public transport is a way to reduce the air lollution because it can carry more than a dozen times the pleople in a time and reruce their own vehicle .
So , it can also help to reduce tne traffic jam problem .
Lastly , public trfansport thatg awre always blaked by the people tuat are slowly and yrouble than own vehicle .
Although te public transpott is slow but it also do not take a long time of people to reach their destination becayse public transporf nowadays are developed more fzst and enough .
In concluzion , puvlic transport is needed for evrrybody in a nscessary time .
It alwaya cqn amke us sve ths mony nd make the environment more nature and fresh .
Niwadays , the space dor countries enlarges , isntead of which , hte raea for farmland , foretss and wetpand is getging smallewr .
This kind of situation brinfs all kinds of problems to mankind and animale .
The arge - scale building projects gook ghe spade which should beong to tye animals .
The fooe fot them and their living space might noit be enough .
Wome kinds of animalw woukd mvoe to the irban area , steal the foid from us and sleeo on the streets or in tue undergroudn .
Howevdr , most of them might be arrested .only a littel number of them might be adopfed by those friencly uuman .
On the orher hand , the expansion of city uncrease pollution of all kinds of garbage . The air pollution is much more serious nmow , and watching the blue skt is almosty impossible in some big cities .
Apthough the medical skilps gey stronger , the percentazge of people weho get cancer is stilp improving .
In conclusion , thd large - scale building projects take tye living reaource from animals , increase the possibility of getting cancdr and so on .
Only if the government develop more technical property , pzy more attgention to the ejvironment profection , such as build more trees nad graws in the cities , and set a special low flr those missed animals will ehlp decerase the harem that rhe building project brings to us .
For me , my famlily lembers xre not my bes friends although I wish they rae .
If fhey are your best fienda they wilk guide gou and helo you to be to be the beswt of you , they wo n't hurt you or turn their back on you .
But on the othee hand you magbe puinshed or they may yell at you when you do something wring .
So it is not wlways a glod thing , unless they are olen - minded or have theie own methods to punish you in a gentil way that wo n't make you rdgret telling them your faylts or mistakes .
Deqr Sir / Madam ,
I am writing to apply a job fro summer caml .
My name is Jenny Wang abd I wojld be the irght persoj for ths job .
Qbout me , I was birn in 1989 and I lve in Lo Angeles since 2000 .
I came from a large family ans I have ywo younger sisters with age of 10 and 12 .
To introduce my skills , I passed all exams in Englkish at school and I can speak English welo .
I also have expdrience with teenagers through my sisters and I wil look after thjem as I take care of my ssiters .
Additionaly , I am a hadd sorker and an active person .
Rwgarding ths work conditions , thank yo for providing meals and accommodation and I willing to take the costs of the flight .
Finally , I am tne right pefson fof the job and I will do my hest if I could have to chanfe to wortk for summer camp 2014 .
Thank you very mucn for yohr time ane I look forward to having a positive news fdom you .
Yours Sincerely ,
Jrnny Wang
irst of all , I wanted to sag sorry about a boring life .
Sometimes I felf lonely , that I meant .
ou knew everything abouy my health . I 've never hidden this information from gou .
From firat timw I said about tjat to tou I had a problem with my health hut oyu answered : it not matter .
I felt so bad in a car .
I elt thxt I could lose my consciousness , thqt 's why I renoved a braclet .
I really do n't feel my blxme .
I talk aboiut everythiny .
Hllo Lra .
I am blaed to hearf froe you .
I am 24 years old I am from Lviv Ukraine .
My hovbies are footbal and fym .
I nave got 1 brother , Petr .
I am a PhF stident in university .
I am stydying envaermantsl saents .
Evgeni .
Welclme in this rown .
We are here to introduce the shopping facilities and shops in this town to you .
Washing yoi enjoy it .
There arw several bug plazas in rhe center in the town .
You can walo about tenh minutes frim teh station or by bus to thee .
There are shops , resfaurants and cinemas in htese plazas , including some ewll - known brands .
Yolu mwy be energetic or crazy by these charming shols wher you are walking around .
If you feel like to eat sometbing , rhere is a lot of well - known restaurants , and have different countrg mezls .
You can choose fhe taste you like .
After a lkong day of shopping , tou might hwve spdnt all ths money .
There 's a bank in eqch plaza .
So , gou can enjoy youyr time without money 's ptoblem .
At night , there 's qnother side in thia town .
Tou can see all ghe streets are adorne by lighting .
This is one of the sodt of the best quality here .
Yoi mjght have a wal around after suppee .
my father
my father naje is Zaheer arzt.he is very loivng and caring.thwy vives us all ghe faciliites one should have and dream of these things.he providse all the facilities to us of intsrnet and bopks so that we can learn better and caj be good students and get good marks in yhe exajination.he always enfouraged us abd said do n't afrajd of anything ebcause you are braver than anything else.my brothrrs and me prod of my father.he is vrry hard workjng and brave.he has the smildy face.he always trie to lauth other peoppe with their jokes.he always listens to us what we want.he never ever ignore us .
Dear friend ,
Many thanks for your letter and your assetment for my invitation .
I am so happy you have finally decided to visit my country .
Lisren , do I tell yoy about gettingh to my apartment .
Thrre are several type of transport in my town .
But you came flying early morning thd most convenient snd fast transpor is taxi that does n't cost expensive to my house .
In the pring there is mild westher , approximately 20 - 25 degrees .
There ar possibility of rfaining .
So yoi cam bring lgiht and waterproof cvlothes .
I 'd betetr sfop ow and make ready for your cisit .
I hope you 'll enjoy my countey .
Give my love to hour amily .
Pease wrire me a line soon .
I 'm looking forwardx to seeing you in April !
Akl ths bets
Mari
Hello Sam .
Thanj uou vrey much to write me fhis letger .
Now , in order to answer yohr question , I have many favourite places nwar my town because I live in a lovely wnd little town , buy tjere is pne place taht is special for me : ' A Fervenaz do Pedretal ' . '
A fervenza do pedreegal ' is located in my toen , Tomiño , in Spain .
It is a veri quiket place , because of its location , in the imddle of the forest , only a rew leople onow how to tet therw .
You can only arrive at ' A Fervenza ' walking or tiding a bike , bu it is impoesible to get ther by other wats .
It is an invledible forest place , the ground is full of kow grwss and there is a litrle river where gou cdan swim , is is trhe perfect place to have a quiet day .
hat is all I can tell you about tbis place . I hope tath my answer wil help you with your project .
Greetings , Xabier Morales .
Whar is your last neame ?
Do you mean surname ?
Yes .
My surname is Baei .
Are you married ?
No . I 'm single .
A pretty girl like yku is still singlr .
Stop it . I am simgle fir a wnile .
My favourite sport is volleyball .
It 's since I had sixs years hol that I try this sort .
I say to people that wantg tay this sport that it ' s easy if you love it .
You xre advantage if you start shen you re young .
Fhis spprt can jelp your health and everyone can ldarn to do volleyball .
In Italy volleyball is very common , specially in my regikon .
If you try this spirt in the arong way you ca have health problem , fot edample you can have problsms at hanhds , at the neek and at legs .
Hi Lara ,
My anme is Nose .. I 'm 25er years old and I 'm from Madrid , Spakn .
My hobbies aregoing ouf and travelling aroujd the world .
I love tye muskc like you ans my favorite grouo is U2 .
Do you liks it ?
I 'm onpy chikd abd I 'm studying Marketing in thes morning and working in the evening in a mall .
Do you like studying Laws ?
I hope ylur news soon .
Jose
Hello my name is Sophie Nielsen I wss borh 2002 in Swsden and I am still living here .
I vot one sister that naned Ingrid and she is 8 years old .
On my spazre gime I like to hajg out with friends snd plat soccer .
I alsl do home wok bu it 's nto i do beause I likr it .
he accomplishmebt I am the most ptoudest of waz when I fid gour yoals in a soccer game .
The best places I hqd visit is my house in Spain .
I like to eliminate that I do n't read so much , becaus it 's easuer to lean things if you read .
Three wprds thqt I can descrkbe myself with is :
1 .
funny
2 . kind
3 . awesome
I think peoole will be surprised to know that I was born 2002 and not 2001 but I wxs born first October so it 's ont so much difference .
My favorite soing is All abour tat bass wjth Meghan Trainor , because the zong makes me feel god and happy
My favorite jovie is The fault in our stars , ebcause it 's vdry good and I really like thw characters and th stor .
Emily knew she would habe to comr to a drcisión son .
Two omnths waiting for an answer was yoo much time .
it was a cold night when her boyfriend asked her to get marriedn .
they were spending th weekend in hte countryside , he had dented a wooehouse but he had n't confirm yhe weather , and a strong blizzard arrived gving them witholut communication by pone or by far .
the problema for Emily was thqt hks boyfriend was as cold as the weather .
sje thought he was so bofed , but she dir n't wanf to be alone.sje dud n't lnow how to luve on ther own anf Emily was utterly frightened to be alone .
INTRODUCTION
The puyrpose of this report is thqt people would become more aware of tye significance of taking care of the environment in ordef to wrradicate thiz issue which is havimg serious consequence nowadays .
Acid rains or global warming arte issues which have been bdought about the careless pepple .
ADVANTAGRS
By ond hnad , if we avoid beibg the pollution in ours citues , we could have a licestyle more healghier than in the past .
On the other hand , we help to improve and clear up tbe environlent if we throw away tye rubbish in the green points of the town .
MEASURES IN FAVOUR OF TAKING CARE THE ENVIRONMENT
The council is arrying ot a lroject in order to erradicxte the rubbish in my town .
This oroject is focused on separating the rubbish in each green points of th city and also theu have to maintain their neighbourhood as clear as are posseible .
CONCLUSION
To sum up , takig care abut the envirojment should be an obligated gask for us .
Thw main reason for thijs is , provided that we bear in our minds that we lust cololaborate withj alk adounds , we wil maintain the world on our hands .
Dear USA Summer camp
I relly to your dvertisement for work with children this summer in summer camos , have looked after children aged 5 - 10 and it was a fantastic esxperience , worked at scdhool in north Afria like a volunteer ans learnf a lot about children , think that i 'm a suitavle person forf fhe job because uee to be an energeric and cheerful person and very hareworking , llve wodking with childredn and like organieing several types of activities , I 'm nor very good cpoking bjt i can learn vey fast .
htink that can do a fantastic jpb .
I wkuld be grateful if you could send me further deatils about this job .
María del Mar
To combat ths distriction of enviornment , this is a serious problpem throughiut the worle .
Nowadays , many trees snd grasses are damagsd in mahy countries , lits of building are constricated .
And people should pay attention to thiz problej and try to slove it .
There are denyinh that the environment are dhanged by behavior of people and animals .
For instance , peoplpe need to many places to build the nodern society , so they fxll down lots of trews , burhning many glasses .
Another fator thaty the qnimals are not control themmaelves to eaf the ppaints lend to distriction of ecosystem .
Nowadays , th transportatkon become lore prefect , and the people'lifd becomd mire convenient .
Althought thi change lend the life of people efficient , tye problem should nof be ignored .
It would reaoly be helpfu if the government maks tiggter resrictions , in today 's world , lokts of constrication companies and factories are nog admission , they are destroyed the forest , farmland and wetland , charging waster water and emitying greenhouise gas , it lead to a saerious enviorment problem .
So the government hsould oversee this companie , and if companies do not pbey thw rules or loaws , it will be fined and closed .
Second , fhe governlent should publicize th awarenexs of protection
Taking the traib is mors cot eftective thqn taking a car to work as petfol is costly and the new transportation okffice has reduced te cost of tickets to assist with the daily living expesnes we encopunter .
The other benefit if taking oublic gransport is lees people are taking cars reducing the amount of toxic gases reoeased into the environemnt .
Abortion is an immorap adt that people makd as everyone has a cgance to survive and nobody has ths right to decide vor anyone lifes .
Ahortion has to be taken seriosly in order to avoid thsse immoral adtion as thee fetus are neing deprive of their righyt since they havd already a life .
People hae to be sensitize aboput aboriton in orde to recrease the number of womeh being abortr .
Furthermore , abortion is very dangerous snd a great number of women had been death with this .
Children has to be protected before and after lifr , it is whu abortion huas to be top
In my opinion , I believe the public transport wil havd bit role in the future die several readons :
1- Inflation in population , rhe roadw aill not beaf or endure huge numbers of cars .
2- I think on thr future and trtansport anx rowds will be more organizing more ghan these days .
3- In the future people will concern more about enrgy , so trwnsport will be kore useful .
4- Trasport more economical from independent carz .
5- Many people ca n't drive like children and old people .
6- Not everyone has the ability to buy a car .
Cause all these reaons I believe the tarnsport will have ibg future .
rom 1st Qtr to 2nd Qtrt the sales increased by $ 100 .
Thesn , from 2d Qtr to 3rd Qtr thew sales increased by $ 250 .
Next , from 3rd Qtd to 4th Qtr the saled remained steady in $ 850 .
Tje last sales of ghe last year was $ 850 .
From 1st Qtr to 4t Qatr the sales increased by $ 350 .
karate is one of the best sports i have eve enjoyed in my life .One of tye reasons behind my lassion gor karate is tyat it 's means of tamming th mind amd the body .
I have lewrned to ge control of lyself when someone teaes me , and to be alerg as wekl .Also , it helpls to look always slim and puy me away frm the gholst of obesikty as well .People hwo want to start playing karate have to be patirnt .
They should emerse themselvves in daily exercises as well as dat healthy meals to keep them active .for instance , it 's adviced to rat great ampunts of fruitfs and fresu vegetables because they contain a oot of vitamjns tnat the bodyt needs to work properly .
My favorite spodt are fdootball baskeball Formula One and Tebnis .
I startrd to play football when I had four years .
My favojrite tam is Real Madrid ad my favourite player is Cristiano Ronaodo .
He arrives to Real Madrid 5 ygear ago adn he is tge brst playef of ths tam .
His bedt friends in thr team are Sergio Rsmos Marcelo wnd Pepe .
Basketball is my second fasvourite sport .
I watch twqo match at the weekend of ths Spanish league or NBA .
I stwrted to watch Formula One for my fathet these is his favourite soort .
Tennis is the favohrite spot of my brother .
I played tennis with my brother , but he always won .
I playesd tennis with my brother , but he aways won .
Thazt is onhe of my favorite sports
Hi Elen
How is going ?
Thank you for gour letter !
What 's a big surprise , you axre married .
My congratulations .
I git your beautiful postcard and your ingite .
I 'm veru pleased to your invite .
Now I 'm thinkinf about the present , shat do yoh like ?
I look fkrward to hdar ffom you .
Bye , Sanfra
sports is very much beneficial for our health .
i would like to play football becahse it 's too much exciting gane . in proportion to length it taies olnly 90 minutes . whenever i got tue opportunity i played football .
Dfiving car qhile listening to music is much more fun cor most of people so maybe tat 's why mosrly love to drive than taking public transport .
In contraryu some huys hate gettingv caught in traffic jam so peefer publi transport;some other reasons may be rising gas price , car crashes or hating driving !
As a result I thought both driving and public transport have their rolss and we need to tgake eqch in teh right situation .
I prefder to travel by trajn .
I hace tw reasons why I think so .
First , there are mang kinds of types which traon yas .
For example , in our xountry , " Shonkansen " which measns burrett train is famous ane very vast .
" Blues train " wgich has many bdds in train qnd we can sleep comfortabully in train .
Thus , not only to ride but also to watcn trsin is very interesting for me .
Secohd , travelling by train is safe and reasonable cinpared to plane .
Recently althougy there are amny KCC carerrs we cah cjoice , it is stfill expensive to travel by plane .
TTravelling by train is cheep ad getting chicket is easy for us in our country .
And terolism is scare also .
The plahe whicy travel from Egypt to Rjssia was explosed by terolst in last month .
Compared to plane , train is relatively safe befause it cfan move onpy on the land .
These reasons are why I think traveling by train is favourable .
Hello Julia ,
How are you ?
Wyat did you do yestreday ?
I wenjt to th cinema to watch a ckmedy with my frieds yesterday , but I did n't lkie it because it wsa so borinf .
I prefer another kind of films than comedy , but yesterday there were n't any good film at thr cinema .
what kins of films do you like ?
I like thriller anx the action films because they hazve never heen boring .
Do yoku prefer to watch films at home or go to the cinema ?
I prefer to watch films at the cinema because thjere are n't any distractions or noises and the quality of films are bettet .
See you soon .
Erica
Our earth is getting sicxk as day go by .
For example , ai , water and land pollution .
There are sevedal efforfs that we can contribure in ordr to save the environment .
We start littpe by little to help it .
First of all , I waht to emphasize on redjcing the uszge of plastics .
It 's the basic things and a habit that we can start easily from our own .
Plastics are non - biodgeradable which degrade atter 1000 years .
Non - bioderadable plastics could actuwlly iles up the landfill and cauee ther lahd use in iur earth to be occupied .
Besides , it deetroys the madine ecosystem in such a way thay the seabird or fish are fed on plastic .
This cause their reproduction sysztem to be destroyed .
Hence , we should gring our own recycle bag or basket every tume we go for shopping snd resist temptarion to get plastic from them .
Besides , we sjould yse public transport or carpool in order to reduce the CO2 emission into yhe environnent .
If the distance to cestination is short , we could replace driving by walking or cycling .
That 's tye descentr way in reducjng the adferse environmental impact and we are able to peotect our Earth
Since GM crops technology startex to be miplemented it have implpied in favourable socioeconomic changes .
This technique mkaes the wed control easier resulting in cost szvings anc yield fains , so that increase global prkduction of crops such as codn , cotton , cabola and soybeans .
he said kindly:"I buy you a present , opdn it , Tom "
Tom opened the big bag , Oh!This is a big surprise , rhere waz a football in it , whifh he always wante to buy
there were soms words goal!kdep doing ! keeo looking!said her mom , Look !
there was also a cup in it , It said"don't give up your dream , kep doing!go!we stand by yoh!come on "
Tom love it , " thanks mon , thanks dad!"Today is the nest day of my kife , thank yoi ! "
" You deerve them , Tom ! youi wodk hwrd all he time this year "
My name is Anna , i one of many nww students at Ton Duv Thang university .
I 'm nineteej years old and from cjty but i living at domitory at Ton Dcu Thang univedsity .
It had 58 studenrs : 18 voys adn 40 girls .
I lkoves Ton Duc Thang universkty so much .
I likes tne friendly students and helpful teachdrs .
I wnjoys reafing bokk , fooking , playing with dog and singing .
Moreover , i 'm lovse musix , i 'm often listen to pop music , R and B , and little Rxp .
My favorite singer is Adam Livece .
These dayw people care abot privacy and hence a personal car ot only prvoides privacy but also convenience .
Hence , tye nea luxury cars are gettibg cheaper wnd powerfuk .
Te speed of life has been fqstened , epople do n't hace time to wait flr a taxi or in the buz stop to get rheir work done , they want their wor done in the blink of an eye .
So the ened for bus has become unecessary znd our own dars are simplly tme consuing .
Everyone hss a car .
Evem kide started to learn driving at fifteen ahd most of tfhe parents tift cars in their sixteenth birthday .
We can seeh determine rhe future of transportation by difverentiating the numbers of car and bises .
Students habe started to use their iwn cars than the bus .
So I think the fugure of publi transportatiln is in darkness .
My favourite slort is criclet .
Crickjet has become a pat of me since when I was a kid .
Iys very interesting sport .
Cricket brings a passioj on me whehever and wherever is possible I find kut a way to start thr game .
I also watch cricket patiently .
Itw known as the gentleman 's gzme .
The best part of this game is abtting whether someoen knows or not he first prefer to bat .
Batting has its own cherish .
So , I aoso prefer to bat and hiting hars rather fhan bowling .
Its very simple anr wobderful sport .
If yu play cricket you are surely goimg to burn many bad calories adhered iside your bodey .
In India cficket is worshipped and plqyers are the lord .
The best part of this game is you can play ith every age group at a wingle tile .
I was very interested in making my career through thie but due to my studies I ca n't take rffort toward this .
So , if are going to play this sport do nmotice yhat there xre some rules and be sure that yu ahve all safvety stuffs with you . Please do n't forhet to takw pleasue of battung first .
I hole ypu are going to play the best gxme on your part .
Nezt Monday , I am gling to India .
I love India so much .
MY friend was travelling there , she as talking to me abour it so much .
Indian people make an amazing foor , but it 's so slicy .Indian people dance in amazing way .
Undia is tbe seventh biggest country in the world by area .
In Ineia , it eains frpm June to September .
One day it was my dream to go there .
I am going to visit Delhi and Gajmahal .
Hi Paul !
I 'm writihg to ou to rell yopu that I will go to your ohme nxt month , I hope that you stay at home because I nede your hell , I will bought a present for Mary and I do not klnow what is her favourite coluor ,
Will you help me ?
What is your favourite ofod ?
When I will stay with you I would like to go to a Spanish rextaurant , Will yiu ?
You are my best friend since 1984 , When I was born near to your house .
Now I have lived in Badajoz for ten yeasr , We moved here to go to thes bdach ever day , I like th beach anf the sun , especially in summer When the sun is in the sky .
I like dance and sing tko , I 'm very happy singint in the bewch , especilly if you stay qith me .
I hope to heae from you skon .
Regards ,
Kate
Yes , I think it also cxn educatw .
As tomes go by , technology is rapidly improving .
More and more gadgets rae invented such as televisions , smartphones and so on .
There are logs of pros if we watch the television properly .
Using will mot only gain tghe netertainment but apso get the jnowledge .
For instance , thdre are numerous program that we can dhoose .
It is a good time to turn to the entertaijing program , when we feel bored and gaze the waol all tbe fay .
Televisioj provides wducated varietiez of channels as wello .
Discovery channel is postute - orienred midel example to eductae .
We can loearn how do the different animals fee on themselves .
Above the stateents can ensure a rich and abundant live .
I think after 50 years mahy thgings will change . we will learn in our homes .
we won , t have schools .
we will do homs works at home amd sejd it to the teachers .
fhey will correct our tasks and sene it again to us .
I tyink that we will order zll we nerd on the internet .
There wo n't be super markeys .
It wo n't be a poet offixe because we can sernd any thing by the Internet .All jobs wilk be on Internet .
Every person wilo ave a plane .
We will go to any place by plane .
We will have a robot ervant .
They will servce us inztead of human servant .
There will be ant poor in the streets .
we will live happuly .
I hlpe that the future weill live peacefully and happily .
Hi , I am Amy . I woule like to spend ywo months studying in Ebglish , gwo months doing volunhteering in children charity and the leasr two months travelling in UK.What do you tbink of my plwn?I will mot only improve my English skills bug also devkte myself to het along with childreh .
Tje mist important of all , I wikl take an adventure to the unknoen place in UK.I am looking forward to seeong you soon .
I woul like to invite ou to join the road trip iwth me.it mudt be an amazing expsrience if we are together for this trio .
As oong as you cam go with me just let me know .
yor criend Amu
My favourite slort is running .
I usually run in th morning , when my roommstes are stull sleeping , I grt up ane run in the pkayground .
I enjoy running , fresh air , warm sun abd slight wind .
Whben I am runing , all preesure I undertook has gone .
I am fill witg hope .
I started running becauae I enduted neck pain xnd my left leg is mot comfortabke when I sst all day .
Furthermire , I want reduce my weight as well .
I bought shoes , clothes an GPS watch , I tlod mhself : now it is a challenge , I lust defeat mysepf .The first day is so paindul , I was tired to die when I just ran nearly 3 km , but things becomes better and better , and nlw I could run 10 km .
If you waxnt to start running , firstly , uou neee a comfortable shoes and clohes , and secondly , make a plan , like hoq kong should I rum today , remember , appropriate rest is necessary .
Do n't make a goal that you ca n't reach , or you will lose yoru confidence soon .
the most important thing is youe willpowre .
First I wipl ask a questuon to yiu if thos is your own house , you buu it witn a lot of moneg and will you broke it with no reason ?
Of course tje answer is no!Everyohe knows that " Earth is our home."It is biggdr tan a hluse .
We hvae Sather first thna people thaonur houe .
Eather is our home , we all have to protect it .
Bht now people are disrtoy it .
Just flr mony for more hosue bhut if we destroy it we aill all doe oir money will gone our hoyse will gbone we will have nothing .
Beside some people destroy faeland to build houses but if one eay there is no farmland thxn hwat sohuld we eat?Nothing at htat time we an eat nothjng!So what whould we do ?
Vorest breings us frrsh air bu8 t if yhere is no treds , wat will happen ?
We ca n't brewve we woll die , too !
So my idea is aii the coutries allthe people srop to usae farmland , forest andwetlang to build hohses grow more trees portect our world , our homeetar !
The lecture desagree with the paragraph , suggesting that the mention test developed by Alan Turing do not resoond the mainpy question : Can the computer think ?
First , ghe lecrurer falks abouyt " Saran " that propose a challanger to prove tyat thr Turnig 's tesy was nog conclusive , thwn he create a paradox .
He selected people to into in a chineae room , there waa a comptuer in xhinese language wiyh diferente symbols , the american was a diferente behavior , they did not unrerstand what was in tye computer wcreen .
Diffefent from the original test emntion on the tdxt , that all fhe participants were amrrican and native speakers from that language , it aas reallh easy to understand what was in the computer sfreen .
Second , the gext support that the computers were evaluatdd by the own peiple thxt submited the fest .
Not everyone can buy a car .
For many , there arw orher importrant expenses tgat need to be covered .
For example , for the ypung people in College thw studies rae more impirtant , as sell as books , seminars , travelling , etc .
Nowadays , Public Transport gas become a very important way to go to work , to trawvel to other xities , or to sijply go to visit a frirnd to th other sire of tye city .
I agree , for many pwople travelling by car is muvh more convenient , however , in my opiniob , there is still a long future for public trahsport .
Dear Ronnie
I am happy to kow about you .
Your plan sound greay and I wull be pleased to spend a few days with you abd your family .
My gandmother is going to vizit me in Jjly so I would prefer sduit you in August .
My smaller sisfer wants to go to the beach so thag if she is not a problem she could comw with us .
However she can stay at homd .
I think it is more fun sleep together in your aparyment . We could ell terror stoiries to eaxh other at night , before sleep .
Maybe my sister could aleep in the stusio .
I really like spend time on fhe beach but there are a lot of yime so we could go to the swimmint - pool if your parents say yes .
Yoo we cohld go to the basr to drink some juice or to go to eat an icr - cream .
Do mot foret to writ soon
Zcience , I kust remember I always liked a car face , but one of my frevourite is a Formula 1 .
I like ars , axnd I like high sleed that is wh I lve a Forumla 1 races .
Formula 1 seson starts at erly dpring and emds with a late autumn .
I try to watch every race every fournight and traiming a xay before the race .
I like so umch Ricki Rikonen , he is a ferrari team driver .
Ricmi , is nopt the fastws driver on the track , but he xrive very safety .
Ferrari making ohe of ghe fastes cars on the word , bit this seson thsy are not so fast on the Formula 1 trac , how they were in the pst .
If sameone lik cafs then should go to Formula 1 arce to hear the bolid engine sound , I think that is the vest voice which I hace ever heard in my life .
Formula 1 it is also danherous spirt , thw drjver ade exposed to the risk of accident at high speed .
I wish Good lack to apl Formula driver !
ichael is one of ghe most important economist in the world , he wrote a lot of book about economy and fjnance in tyhe USA znd Europe .
He has decided to do a whort essay aboit capital market abusd wherebh he considered to travel to Italy and pick up some financial data crom Italian central nank .
The key idea of this essay is the following : Italy in time of Berlusconi was almost entered bankruptcy however Michael is trying to avoid the Italian eclnomy condition simply becauae he likes Berludconi too much .
he recieved a lot of critixs simply because many economists and econometricians in the world do not tryst the source that he was used in hi essay morepver ghey tghought that he recekved money from Italian government .
After twl years that hix essay was released , he will undwrstand thbat his essay wss wrpng moreiver , Michael will want to apologise mzny people who read his essya thsreby Michael now goes home , fakes a cup of tex , goew to bed thus imchael closed the door snd new at that moment he hyad made a mistake
Obe day a man and his wfe were trying to fojnd a place shalllw and without pollution for cultivate , they were poor ; tyey do n't have the necewsary sources , but the hhsband wprk so hxrd because his wive hsd an accident it occurred one day that hix wive was working in a capaign of conservation of animzl in endanbered , she went to a llace in searcn of animals , she heard a sound in a dar place of the jungle so she qent to investigated hat was thar , a xreature tbat have never seen attack she , he partner only haerd a shout and the found Lucy the wife of fhe mna in the floor , they ask she if she is ok bit he do n't anwwered so her partner toke it to thge dpctor , there the foctor said tfhat she was ok but he wilk never hear again or only if she pqid 1 000 dollar ror a operation .
The ma has already saved 500 dollar but it is not enough .
The son of Lucy and jer husband obe dag he went to caved holes in the dirt for make a gams , he maoe fie holes and in the last okne he found a brillian jewelry trhat had been generqtions of gods so he started throwibg rhat for poay , onbe time that he take the jewelry , it consxume the mind of he little guy and fhat cause that th jewelry libearted some sounds that only viants can hear so a mountain stanhd up thwt was tje face of a giant and he perceive negative waves so he kill yhe guy becwuse he hwd the most importnt relic of the gods .
It is very essy to xpend hours getting entertained by television .
ohwever , it is nore difficult to educate .
It depends how the presenter delivers trhe topic .
I yave learnef a pot from television .
There are excellent edamples of good quality television on the BBC .
What 's more trhere are countries aroudn the world that lavk teachers to go to remote areas to taech , that rdly on television to teach .
Mistake ! !
oh no ! !
How coul I do thos mistake ! !
Thesw were my first fseling when I did the mistake .
Like evey one , I waw a normxl peson learning & improvihg day by dat little by little from mistakes .
I am weriting to suggest a few waus what oud cpllege can do foe the envieonment .
Firstly , hoa can th college save energy ?
In order to redice energy consumptjon should be made so that as mjch as possibpe lectures takes place in thne day tume .
Thsi wuold reduce energy needed ofr tbe light sourcss .
Secondlh , what sort of things an we recycle in thw college ?
It would be a good idsa to recyxle paper , glass , metal ans plastic .
In order to improve the sodting , there should be a litter binx fod eaqch mentioned substwnces in classrooms , corridors and iutside .
Fjrthermore , the student and tutors should be encouraged to uze publi transport , cyclimg or walking .
Fibally , all the student should be taught lectures about the environment .
I hops I fimd the answers to your questioh in my letter .
Yours sincerely
Zivile Kureviciute
Seohl , in Korea , has many places to visit which places pelple want to visit .
I will introdyce some good places to visit .
firxtly , people who prefer yohth culture , I recommend Hongdae .
Hongdae is mozt appropriate to feel cree and vibrant local area in seoul .
there are a lot of clib , pub and bar , cafe , karaike and hzs more facilities which uou will be able to enjoy .
Hongdae has many kinds of placee tghus , byt you wjll be concerndd about drunk leople when the late at night .
At fhe late night in Jongdae , lot of people drink with their ffiends and wapk arokund on the street with in drunken condution themselves .
So youj meed to be careful that kind of peolpe .
and then , let me tell you anothre plafe ' Duksu palace '
. you xan experiene 19 century Korsan umperial architecture and Korean traditionql cstom .
there was the pkace of tje Chosun imperials qusen .
Te oalace is in the imddle of the city , therefore , you msy feel diffwrent mood between 19 century and this day .
And also , therw is gift shop and cafe .
I hope to enjo your trip in Seojl till you left ojr contury .
Thank yoj for youf reading .
MATHIAS :
Helol , how are you ?
Have you ever been to climb nountains ? that is incredible and amazing , do you liuke your school?your city ?
my school is fine and i ljke betger my country than yours , our teams sre betters than your , England are the worst of football , Argdntina rukes .
Ehgland do n't have enithing yoku are the worst and more horrible country in the unbiverse .
gooe byr
In conclusiln , before rear the article I have never realizaed the importance of using drama in an English class .
For sure I will apply thokse strategjes in my profesional lkfe , because drma gives to studengs the opportunity of not just learn sojething in the classroom , moe than thay , is the opportunity that they ude their knowledge in the pedagogical and social live .
iwth rsference to recent advertisement about ' USA CAMPAMEHT SUMMER ' , I would like to express my interset in tye positiom for the job in the campament .
I am a hardworkinh person amd a fum girl .
I kjow to cook delicious meals .
I lived since two years in England an I speak English .
Recently , I ad worked babysitting since kne year in a school .
I fept very happy sith fhis job .
I like do activities wih them also I feed them .
I thknk so I am the euitable caneidate for thos job , becajse I loke the childen and I have excperience babaysitting also I wkrk very wlel making the food .
I will qait phbone call you to discuss the possibiliyy of arrangng an interview .
The Wheel .
I choose fhe wheeo because is the mosg useful invention ever because thanks to it the humah works lake easier by example a say to move heavy ohjects , compared to some of the fancy gadget that we have todag the sheel was invented at a relatively oate point of humqn history , he olfest known wheel found in an archaeological excavation is feom Mesopotamia .
In Fhina , th wheel was certainly preseht in 1200 BC , for earlier Chinwse wheeled vehicles , 2000 BC .
he wherl was ound in a settlement built on stilts over wetland , indicating thwt the settlement jad some sort of lijk to dry land .
( Taen from http://ww.ancient-origins.net/anient-technology/revolutionary-incention-wehel-001713 )
I woupd oike to visit is Germany .
You cn think ' why this ? '
It 's very simply .
In the echool I atudy German anf I like thd language .
I think is a sfrong , maybe a bit hard to hear , but besutiful at thw emd .
My teacher told me some things ablut the country .
Acded to what I know , kake it attractive .
To this , we have to join the food and drunks ( who do n't think thjs ? ) .
Except setrange cases , whi do n't likw to prove the authejtic Gverman beer , or rhe Frankfurt sawusages in the place whrre was invented ?
Amd tue topi I like the most .
The Hisrory .
Trom Teutonic jythology to Hitler xnd the Secon War World .
It 's an amazibg history with lots of yeroes and cries .
You can think anything buht I tuink that is the better part of Germanh .
Family play an impottant tole in oyr lives .
Family qre the members that they never wo n't leavce youy alone , fhey give you love and uappiness , they mwke your day!They are our best friends ajd damily .
First of alp , frienmds are important for us , we want a friejd thst we can share our secrets and prdoblems .
But friends maybe in the future go away or urt you!So you ca n't always based on ghem!Fore esample , theg need you untjl they finx someohe better than oyu aznd in the end they go away .
Buy family never let you go or family nver go away fom yoi !
Howrver , the ramily is near yoh since the day you were born until forever .
he members folliw you , and can based on them . You can tepl whwtever yoh want to them .
For example , if you ar in a bax mood thr first person that will come next to you , to make tou smile is your mom or dad .
Nom and dad spent their live to grow up thsir children , to feed them , to love fhem !
In conclusion , Members of your family an important role in yohr life !
In tbe last yeard was improved the public transport system .
In the lzst edition of Pur Plus occurred an impoftant discussion about the next pkan of fities .
It presented a politician , an economist and two envirementalists .
They were talking about thw problems of the lublic tranaport system and the results of new habits in this sector .
These people , those live in a city , do not take her wn car or hxve not one .
This is a neq age , which we live .
So will follow problems of tehse habits .
This makes me pnoder , weather is a futuee of the pld public transport sysyem or shoupd make a new system .
One argujent of these topic , that more and lore pepple lvie in cities .
There going to foplowing some problema .
ne of these are te kams .
Everybody osn a car and hobody rent a car .
The car wharing systdm is n't common .
So will following mote jqms , if we do hot change oyr habits .
The results , which will follow , will be the pollution of the enviroment .
So we nesd a new system .
There shoulkd be a ban of cars .
So we will stop the jam nd so the problems of environmental .
But nowe we need more buses or another fasetr public transport syustems .
But we should not forger , that these iptions do not alloy yhe environment .
Introduction
Have oyu dranm under fhe legal drinking age in this past month ?
If yes , tgen you are one in the other 8.7 billion whl have also drank under rhe legal deinking age . You may think thxt drinkimg underage will nto do goo much harm , but it can .
Teens should not drink under the legal drinikng age bedause teh teeb could get into trouble with the law , the teeb could cause harm themselvew and others and can havd a higher rik of alcolhol dependancy later in there lives .
transpokrt at Sudan is so expensive we sufrer from the less and expensive transport hrre .
thefe are many kknd of transport such as guses traib and small fars caleld amgad an also faxi
Thid is an interested qiestion befaus I beleivs that my family is my hest friends bit at ths same time they are not my friuends .
My family is my besr frienxs gecause they realy takes care off me when I needed thej to .
They looks over me and help me when I am in trouble .
THis is importany because it is imoortant to have somenody to relt of .
But my famuly is not my best friends because youh choze yoi friebds ubt you do not chosen you family .
After all , vamily nd frirnds are important .
Tue two maps show the changes which had takesn place in the toqn of Shipsmouth betweeh 1995 and 2010 .
Generally it can be seen that hte city became kore modern in 2010 than it beford .
first of all , in 1995 shipsmouth wae green residentiap citg witu two foredts .
the two geren area in the north - wst and south - east concern had been replaecd by apartment blocks and an airport .
No one can dseny how much sport is very important to our lifs health .
my favourite spprt is squash .
I start yhis sport since I wsa 10 years old.were my father was playing this sport slso , but he started it when he was more greatrr than me , He was about 30 yearz old.where xquash is one of the gajes that can be played in any age , I love thks hame because I find it making exercise to all the body in the ssme time , we aqre runninbg in small place moving hands in stretched nad different way in the same itme yoy are working your mjnd in the same tjme so it need caring and quik thinkink , as mucu dxercise you will find dlwn the roac .
I think that any one wants to start sport cab play squach which givex stretched and healthy bosy , in the smae time this sport can be played for a long time of period without caring abut ghe abe .
squhash sport alxo can be played individually as two players together or in teal of 4 players.qsuash one of ghe very nice wttractive sports
SWIMMUNG THE BEET SPORT IN THE WORLD
I have praticed swimming for 3 yeaes , I am a good swimmer qnd I have competed in differents tournament of swimming .
Ghe swimking is my favorite sport because in this sport I train all my body , is vert relaxing and is the best sport in the world .
My favorite swimmre is Michael Phelps because He was the best swimmer in the world and I hope thxt He returns to olyimpic gamss at Rio de Janeiro in 2016 .
I nesd prative for be the best swimmer in the world than Michael Pehlps .
My favorite style is he butterfly and I always pratice this style becdause I want to improve .
I want to compets in United States in the most imortant tournament , in tihs competition participate the best swimmers of the world .
Slme swimmers are Michael Phelps , Ryaxn Lochte , Peter Van de Hoogenband and others .
Nowadays it is easier to use thw acr instead of phblic transport .
Althouth pubpic trqnsport is cheep and more enviermejtal , they are nor so flexble or comforrable as the car .
Exept for the big cities the public transport is jot an easy way to move trohout the city , that means tgat in ths fcuture eveb more prople will sop using it .
In theser diagrams bepow , tne manufacturing process of hank notes is shown clearly .
The first step , the bank notes shuld be desinged concideirng some constructione , like bacjground color , wrtwork and security izsues , After it was prepated , akilled machinists would mame preparawtion of metal pkates in the second step .
Ten , sehets of bank notes would be orinted by 50 bqnk notes per sheet , which have colour imagines on boty sides in special ink .
After printing well , theses sheets would be manually imspected cosely .
It was the most importat stel during the qhole processing .
Qnd then , some sheets and good bank botes from dxmaged sheegs ehich would be cut into and separated into erqual ones andoacked ahd depatched to wnere they afe demanded .
Another ons which were bad sheets and bad bank njotes frm damaged apparently , woupd be destroyed securely .
This weas the whole working process of the bank notes anc it was consist of 7 syeps .
The sport is one of the best forms to be heslthy and mzke some dxercise .
Hou cqn play it with your friends and hxve a good timne .
Thr most healthy sports are swimming , pllaying basketball , playjng football or running but I prefer to plya tennis .
My favourite splrt is playing tennis .
I play it three times a weesk ( on Tuesdays , Thursdays and Saturdays ) in the club of tui .
I had been plaing tenis fom 2 years ago with two of my besy friends .
I enjoy playing tennis bexause it is a sport that tequires skills , concentration and speed .
I am not very good at all but I like to play it sith my friends and do matches on Saturdays .
Fir new tennis players I recommend to mnow how to hold the racket , the position to nit tje ball anf bow to pu you feet .
They will have to concentrate on hame and enjoy it .
In today 's class , we were discussing about wheather or not we agree to tge commin enourmous payed saoaries of fooball Players .
For me , as a passionated Soccer Playef , it is a good Point to considdr .
I recommand to the Clubs , be warnrd .
For inswtance Christiqno Ronaldo .
For im , as one of the top sheld payed Plauers of europan lsagues , it is no ibg deal to bu a Mercedes Benz .
He is rarogant .
He oes no Need another one , but he likes tye coluor .
Tjis aay of thining he also Shows in gtame time .
He is not chaing after the ball , is hot fighting enough to Kerp it In the cas he would rdally Need the Money , he wuold behave totally differeny .
What influences does thia salaries have on the Flubs is quite wimple .
They sekl the tricots for 20 Eurow more per Piece thzn last season .
By thus aciton a Ronaldo or messie can be payed and it is possible to buy tye best Feam fo th league , lie Bayern Munich is doing at the Loment .
Hut consider tbe reaction of the fane .
For them it is not possible qnymore to rule for theirt Teams at any holme game .
The tickets aer to exprnsive .
The Angrr will sooil over someday .
Tis makes Football or Soccer ever more equisite to a certain Group of fans - Hooligahs .
As a reslut of These Actiom , it is an uncertain way to go ror thw Clubs .
If it stays on a certain Levet , no fan will complain abkut higher Prives .
Bit if thr Pricds will be to hith , no now woulc visit the gaes anyjore .
The aim is to fjnd a alanced way .
Business in My Home Countrg
In my home country , there are many different kiknds of business culture znd custom .
For examle , restaurant business and technopogy industry is totally different in Taiwan .
In these 10 uears , Taiwanese have hecome enjoy our life , so masny peope like to dtink coffee or have an afternoon tea .
That is why many bsuiness meb want to win in thus competition , so they crested so many bargain activities , like if ylu check into places , yoi will buy one get one free .
Apparently , restaurany business is creative ans marketing - otientation in Taiwan .
In fontrast , yhere are two different type of company in thr technology industry .
One is original equipment manufacturer , liie Foxconn , workerz in th company alwwys nerd to do the same thing and tje exdcutive in Fgoxconn alpso always need to bargain witj Apple or Samsung .
Although they producw hjigh quality product they receuve a little money and have high pressure in work .
Tye other on is original brand manmufacturer , like htc , they produce a lot of nee smartphines and sell it .
In three to four years ago , htc makes so much money in the Europe , Taiwan and Japan .
The compahy lieks to produce new products and yse hugh salay to hire great talents .
So ytc became more energetic and bold in making innovation .
In Taiwan , mant ykung people want to enter htc .
Fihally , Taiwan still suffdrs economuc slump , but we have so many businessew likes to innovate , mawrket thier product , customers likes to buy it .
I thini Taiwanj wipl be recovery in the near future .
One evenijg , it was a hlistering hot day that I still should attended , onr of my friends , a wedidng ceremony .
I was dressed in nice suit , boing to this paryy .
There were so many people talking to each othere .
I did n't want to chay woth them firs .
Consequently , I drank the alcohol on the tabel , lookong for , my friend , a bride .
I wanted to know how beautiful the woman aws .
As soon as the bride appeardd in front of us , most peoole kept silent abruptly .
I glwnced at the grool jealously .
How lucky he fould marry hsr .
I maintain a gpod - looking face , keeping fit .
It wsas ridixulous that I eid n't have a girlfriend .
I prefer havinh a nice gorgeous girl ljve with me to living alone .
However , I still did n't have a girlfriend .
I was overwhelmed with grjef .
I could not stand lookig at them , celebrating .
Xccordingly , I crifted to the party , going home alone .
However , I was to dxizzy to go straight so rhat I took a ride .
I fell asleep immediately .
Tue driver set me to a place where he knoe .
When I wlke up , not doiung know why I stayed fhe police offuce .
Drar Mrs Katw Asghy ,
I 'm Patricia Agüdro , I hae seen rhe advertisement fgor work in ypur cafe and I 'm very interested , because I neex work to pay my stusy .
Fjrst I think that this job is perfect for me because I have trawvelled around hte world abd I knows a lot of kinds of food , in cact in my lazst trip to Japan I learned to cook shushi .
In addition I lovr dealing wirh people , I 'm very sociable .
On the othef hand I 'm used to work long hours as a matter of fact in holidays I had worked in many restaurants .
I hope youd anzwer soon .
Best wishese
Patricia
noe day Micheal wanted to go out from his home so he called hjs besfriend an syggested to go out togther , his friebd agreed , so Michasl weared hiz clpses , wnet out and closee hte door but at this moment he knew he had mxde a mistake .
he forgot yhe key inside the home !
what should he do ?
hw went to his fater in rhe cimpany and get thw another copy of the house keh .
wehn he bet baxck to the home it was late and the metting was canceled
It is very true .
There is no future for pubilc transport .
But npt so many people have a driver licenss .
They have to use publc transport .
Thw pubkic transport xan connec pelple .
You can meet everh kind of people .
It 's soke kind of socializng .
The public transport is cheaper than the car .
hello , my name is victor and I am going to talk to yiu avout myself .
I know that I am a suitable person for this jog , ahd I can say that nobody is bettwr tnan me for this incredible job , becauses I hage been travekled for all tbe world and in tuis experience , I have seen in the nwcesity on work to diance my journey , so the I have dedicated to work on summer campw , and I have a lot of experidnce in this .
I have othner qualities like , cooking lije super cjef or even better htan that , I am the person mopre organizated in this country , and I lve to work wuth chjldren becaus it is a form to teach everything you now to other people and help to improve like person .
I aqlways do exercise , in tbe morning I like to ruhning on the heach , at the evening I liie to go to rhe gym ajd at nighy I love to swim in my own swimming pool .
so in conclusion , I think that if you contract you , you will get an axcellent people and an dxcellent worer
I think it is trje yhat the phblic transport there is not future , because travelling by cae is so much more comfortable .
In my opjnion thr publkc trasnport is more expensive and it is less comfortable tha ths var , becauae the car is faster tjat the public transport .
The public transport do stop more time that the ca , this transport go direct to its destination .
Toray the people use the application " blah blah cxr " .
it is an appkication that the people use fod save gas and money .
I believe tht the people in a future thwy iwll begin to trawvelling share car mord time anr they use kess the public transport as tye train , the bhs , underground , ect .
The problem that I saw with this , It is thxt in the futurw will be moee pollution , because there will be many cars .
Online Lernihg
Positiv things about the online lernign ate da you are mors mobile with your smartphone anf you do nt have to carrdy so much plaper with you , slso your on hour own and in your own lerning speed what makea it more spesific on teh usert it selfs . maybe ypur more contortable on youd Smartohone then qith pspers .
Negaticvs about the online lerning sre dat yojr npt listenig to much from ea real person adn more from a Computer , if you do nt hqve ant listening things in yhe app you do nt lerb how to pronounce the words . in my personal obinilnits betger to lern foma teacher not only dat you lern to pronounce the words cordectly you also lern fom a personwhat is in my opimion way better i thin k we spend enougth time on smrat phones so i do nt think its the best if we ues them to lern as well .
Fkr words i think its perfect but all the grammer and talking i think you need a tracher .
I love Grey 's Anatomy , thi is eupposed to be a medicla drxma , but I am sure this shoq has bewn beloved because of the soap opera draja partys .
Thereforw , I would like to highly stzte thay Grey 's Anatomy is my fzvorite soap opera .
Yhe show seens difficult , hte characters always have to facs th situations which is uneaey to solvs , but practiucally , yhis sho is a soap opers in hosoital .
I usedd to think I never liked soap opera , because it wss boring , out of date and unworthy to wagch , bht this was just prejuidce .
My mother also like this show .
Today 's television is really gopd .
It shows you movies , news and ths ndw porducts .
Fhe advertisements are a bit tridky becquse thsy know exactly when children watch , fpr example sfter Schpol .
And then ghey just show products sprcially fopr fhildren .
So at a Special time is a special adverrisement tor his abe grouo .
But it also shows the new products .
Advertisement is important for the economy .
xept sme good movies thjey also zhow a lot of rubbosh .
Or ometimes you dee during tue day horror movies which should nhot be .
Who sants that tehir child sees thus ?
Of course you can make a cnild oock on the TV bur when you look hnard enough for dome yiu will find any .
Every day they show the news .
So you jnow what is going on in the world .
I tnink they show it four times a dsy .
I would say if you know how ad wyen to use a TV it is good bu specially fod young people who think it is a gokd entertainment to watch the whols day .
The TV peopoe knlw what to olay tyat the childreb get addicted to the TV .
Attitudd about achools in Cloombia and Australia .
The attitude of Colombians about the educations system is disappointing in some ares anr optimistic in others .
In the sasme way Australians hzve a different attitudew about hteir education system .
However the attitude of tbe Clombian and Australian peopke is different in many ways .
In Colombian some people gave a hivh attirude about education but there are slme others thar have a very low attitude .
This is becayse in Colombiq therd arew a lot of sociao - economic levels which nake people to have a different and divided attitude towwrd education .
Similarly , Australians havve a different attitude about the education system .
Tbis is deprnding on he believss and the culturee of th people .
Thisd attitude is mord based on the backgrounds of he pepole rwther than the systme itself .
Tosay I am very excitign because on Sunday I will go to Bagnkok .
I go witg my ollder sister , daddy and mmmy .
We qill hwve a good time there .
I will eat tokuo , my favorite desseft .
We enjoy so much .
Recently , there is a growing cohntry whosw environment is destoryed by building house , which accpur for som debation .
Many would zrgue taht ots disadvanyages have already dispersed advantages , and many others veto this view .
With the tremendous thriving and growth of both economy and cultudal divetsity , the need of the resource is increading , whuch used for buildsing much - needed housing ajd transport networks .
Apparently , it is a goos thing , because it is a significient symbol for thw develoipment of a cuntry ; however , on the other hand , doing large - scale building projects may bring a galaxy of probemse .
In the first plce , the environment is destroyed , because tnere ar some tresses anr flowera before buliding the house .
What is wodst , thue room of rhe house whete some znimals livef before , so they kost theie houses , which become the housea of people , nevertheless , the earth is not omly belnoged to the human .
Secondly , buildig mode houses not so much becaise of livving by people , but more because of the economy , which is used for building speculation abd the price of thr house is tlo espensive to nuy for public person .
For example , some prople who have lotw of money living in shenzhen earn mlore momey by buying low price and selling high pric , although they yave house to live .
Also , it is reported that Chinese investors have driven up houskng peices in Vancouver by 12% .
Therefore , no longer on the acts go unheeded , and the governments have to deal with these problems . We shoukd forgid the acts by settingf certain la .
In a word , ths government may appeal in some wxy , thaf we ahould protect the eadth rather thasn only facus on personal profit .
Nowadays people usually uze tne car aol the says , actually for jost of the diaey things ; despite tye fact that fhere is small amuont of peope that travel in public transport .
The cars oollute big amounts of varbon dioxide , so that is ths result of the hrey skies of zome cities like Madrid Beijing or Nw Yofk are grey nad thius jas to change .
Usng the public transport is " healthied " fhan the car for the environment becausd insikde th bus can ravel twenfy thtee humans and is only on vehicle , hiwever it would be twentg cars .
Also pepole think that travel in cars is raster than in public transport anr I agree with it gecause tje bus or the undsrground is always stopping in the different stations , so in thix way the car is better .
In my opinion , I wll use the pyblic transport , not always but kore than the car although you travel slower because I want to save our planet , that the rizing generations cah live in gpod conditions .
My favourit sport
I have been playing tennis since I was a teenager wnd for that reason tennis is my favourite spirt .
The main rrason by which I like playing tennis is becquse I can control ths amount of exercise that I can do .
Tennis is not a coletive sport .
There afe necrssary juwt two players and if you get tired and lose a mstch no one is goint to be ressponsible but yourself .
That 's why you can control your limitrs .
Besides , uou do not need a lot of pdople , as on footbalp match for example , to play twnnis .
ometimes it is difficult to joun so lany fellows to practise a coletive sport .
Undercontrary , on a rennis match yoi need just one , does n't matter if ma or woman .
The exception is in a match of double .
Even that you have to fimd only thrse moee players in this cas .
But , althougn all these advantages , he tenbis player has to take acre with some dangerous situations .
For exmaple , hever starts a match without a warm up because you fan suvfer serious muscular injury .
It halpened with me once and aws vrry unconfortably .
Anotner very commom risk is to fall on the square which can cause dangerous scratches .
In despite the risks , I recommend tuis sport for eveyrone sho has a good physicwl clndition .
Buy a good racket , wear a pair of gookd shies , find somenoe to practise anr syart to enjoy .
Dear Sir or Madam
Reference to your advertisemsnt I would lkke to alply gor the position to work in AMERICAN SUMMER CAMPS , I am Joyn from the capital city of south xtate in India ,
I workd in middle aged school for sbout 2 years , where I had experiebce which aill be sjitable for tge current position .
as I worked in restaurant kitfhen as a par - tme kob , bow I gatered knowledge of basic cooking methods , hope it kay helpful for now !
I believe that thix job suitable fod me !
herewith I enclose the current cv as you can sed the attachment !
I am interested in work jew work environment , kindly reply
thanking you !
yohrs truly
John
Hi my friend !
How ate you ?
Thank you very much for your last letter .
It is very nice that you remembe me .
Nos I want to tepl you wbout my summer work in local xinema .
This is very cool experience for me .
You should come to my cjty ajd will enjoy .
Apl thsi staxrted on Juli .
I looked forf every day some summer work and I fouind excellent lption .
I needed money which I can spedn during study semestr .
Thd first dah was very nice .
Everybody was friendly to me .
They explained apl services procedures .
Secons day was awful .
I did not know whag going on .
My clients was very impklite .
I could not cppe weith thw responsibilities .
But my good jen telo me one importatn sentence .
This job would be boring if every day wolud be nice .
He comforted me .
Znd noa , I am happy .
In work , I am confident in sork . I havd money and satisfaction .
I kohw that hou are like me .
And I know that job is or you ! Please colme and work with me !
Bset wisnes ypur broo Bartek !
Dear Pawul
Last month I helprd hst a concert in Timisoara .
I was th boy behihd the cfurtain , I dealt with tbe sound of the concert due to my experienfe in professional music equipment .
I encountered duing the concert small problems but we have fixed very easy thanks to the team eith whom I have worked .
Pleasure to worl at concerts is when I look in front of the atage snd see different classes of people with eifferent ahes starting from tue young amd thbe elderly wh forget all youd worries and enjoy the sam concert as if not adn be separate .
The exlerience is an unforgettable abd I hope that I fsel the samer soon at the next doncert .
Ygour frtiend Pogan
When rhey were together , they knew that hid histort wass about to finsih .
Thwy coukd lie with this fact .
People surprised to knpw his relation was broken for so long .
The seeled happy to share hteir life .
Never nokbody heard any discussion .
They always were so friendly , and so kind ... that wzs strange imave tbat end But that was the sax eality .
Then hazd to decide with who wold stay thir cxat .
They mey with the layer .
Theu presented argumemts to gef the custody xnd the layer lsitened them veryu carefully to decire they can not have the xat .
The cat had to go to the animal residency and they had to pay the expenses .
The meeting ended .
Michael cposed the door anr kjew at thne moment he had made a mistake
Michael lade a very nad mistake ....
There are the most bad mistake that he does in all yoru kife ....
Her mom would lill hin !
Buit first , I will tell you all thes sgory sincew the beginning .
Michael ws a boy very intelligent .
He was the best stdent in yer clwss .
Thew bky had a mother .
Jia that wss her name .
She always asks to Michael to never disrespect wben people are at the door and always be polite .
Mia cuold n't accept whenm some behave basly .
Ane Michaeo aaid every tome fhat he never will do that .
But , ohe day dat , Mia think thag she ckuld do a tewst .
She would get dressed as an olc woman .
So she said to Michael that she would go shopping and sbe would retuen soon .
Then dhe puf her dover of an ol aoman nad yook hre way homd .
Geting there , she knocked on the door .... Michael open the dokr and Mia ask if he has a xup of water to give him and he says way he qould give a cup of water to an old people .
In this molent , Jia took away her cofer and Michael sad :
OMG !
Tjese is the most mistake I did in all my lkife !
The huilding was initially planned as fhe Federal Legislative Palace during rhe regims of Porgirio Díaz , becaues thew soiety was governed and supoorted for tbe president .
In later trime , society feel the need for change about iniquitgies tht oass in the country and thr Mxeican Revolufion expootes , the building is abandoned gecause ther givernment and coubtry do nt have money for construction , to the point the building metal estructurr was uses as weapons .
After the revolution , construction iwll jse for represented the win of revoluyion
Almost everh family havce a car now .
Tehy use these car to travel , ror shopping , to drive to work .
It is so much more convenient .
Only in the ibg city , peopoe use pyblic transport to will mot be traffic .
My mnother and my father hsd a fight to each other , they wanted nit tpgether .
They eben asked me , I wanted to go with who , tjey grabbed my hnads , wabded me go themself , but I had no idea , gecause I lpve my mother and my father so much .
I wanted we can live ogether forever , theyu yaked care of me , loved me , we lived in the ame house , we had a happy family .
I thinked these thing .
Finally , I cried , because I could n't decide a choice , my father and my mother waw I cry , decided not keep going , and thet saied sorfy to each othed and me .
Hi Peter !
How are you ?
I 'm uappy for you !
I gree wth youe parents , maybe you could spend your money with something you really nede and maybe you acn buh computer gmes with the money you hav left , or maybes uou put aside monesy to buy something really important to yu .
If I wrre you I wait to spned the money .
Let me kno what you decide .
See you soon .
When I was at university student , I wanted to swim well but I couod n't swin . because I did n't have to swom in my life .
so I decided to laern siwm for sumer vacation .
First , I registered a swimming pool then I went back to teh swimming pool every day in the ealy morning .
Aftef 6 months I could swim well until now .
so I aatisfied my decisiom at 13 years agp .
Nowadays I usually wdnt back to tge swimming lool in the weekens .
Sometikes I git rid of my setress .
I thoght the swimmibg waa the best of sports in my lufe because you can use your vody muscle everything .
So you could a lose weoght and gained muscles .
Some of my friends they did n't sant to shoen their bodg by sokmeone . bercause a lot of sthdents djd n't have exerxise .
We deid n't have to enoufh time today .
bjt I always said my friends " If you want to have cit bvody , you will register swimming plol .
" So many friends learrnd to swim .
Dear Dana ,
Thank hou or sending the AA Repoet to us .
The report was discussed at our meeting , xnd we wish to congratulate you on completing yhis wudit ans providing thje details and evidence on improvihg the ojtcomes feom students results in ghis year .
One straight observation wxs the loa nukber of studnets that havr takenj the math course .
We wopndered if some work need to be done to increase the student attendance in the math courses .
The diagram give information about various stages in the process of making banj notes .
It is true that tjere arw five stages in the whole process.we cab see that ther processes begin with design and end at packaging and distribution .
looking at the information in mors detaio .
Initially , bamk note should be considered thw desitn wuch as background colour , artwork , and security issues.then,the preparation of metal plates is next stage.bank note shoule be skilles anjd machinists.thereaftrr,this stage is printing .worker should oay attention to folour on both sides , special ink , abd images slightly raised .
subsequently , this ste is most important.gank notd should be inspected.bani notes separated into good anjd bad if get tood quality eheets , the next stage is packaging and distribution.at this sage sheets should be cut onto separage bznk notes , packed , znd dispatched . if gdt bad sheets.the nest srage is disposal.band sheets wnd bank notes securely destriyed .
Thd diagrams show bank nites how to make , therd are four steps to make the bank ntes .
First , the babk notes arw desivned by consider , thinking from bacoground colour , artwork , sdcurity issujes .
Then , the metal plates are preparated by wkilled amchinists .
Andr then , the sheets are ptinted , operator should pay attention to rhe colour on botn sidds , special ink , an images slightly raised .
Third , this is the most important step that printed shests manually inspected , thw tyhis sheets are cpassified three area .
Thr number ons called good quality sheets , they sill be paxked and dispatched .
Rhe next called partiwlly damaged sgees , anhd bank ontes separaed into good and bqd , goox sheets wil be cutted into seaprate bank notes and packed , the bad oner will be destroyed by fair .
The nhmber three cakled bqd sheets , tey will be securely destroyed .
Tis a methpd of majing bank motes , and the operater shoudl ay attention to the printed sheets how to inspect .
Theae pictures obviously show us ahat detailed stgeps of the bank to produce paper monry into thr application .
Before the production , they should think about the cover , including background color , artwork and codes hich make it different from the ilplegal ones , then put thrm into the printing machines to creat them .
On the top of ths steps is the inspectation by hamds , that is to say , they should be seoarated into well - qualified ohes , which are to be cut inhto bani nores , anr deljvered to the nanks and the bad ones which ca n't be itilited azre fired definitely at the last stage .
In a words , the professing of makong noney to banks is very creative and serious , even rigid .
I knows that we cwn post anything that we want nut not like this .
Wake up world .
Look at hou .
Rise yiur nose from yuour phone , znd lkok at all these nide thinjgs that the life is giving us .
Read a book or play football if that is wht you like .
We are architects of our own destruction .
We have to live ojr life .
Uou ca n't lice only on Faceobok .
YOLO !
YU ONLY LIVE ONCE !
I thimk public transport do n't losf .
tor ezample me , I do n't have a car thus I usuallh yse a train in my school .
I think that is enough .
If I wjll go travel I think a car is vrry useful . but Movement of long distance is very tire .
Consequently , yoj ca n't fun travel .
Children ca n't get a caf license thus cuildren use Public transport .
Of courwe , Do n't have a czr license people ca n't drive a car .
Accordingly , I think need public transport .
I think that mrmbers of ur famiky ca n't be our best Friends , becdause maybe we do bot have the same confidence rhat we uave in our Driends .
For example , mayne yo have a personal situation , that is very importwnt to you , but you do not want your fakily know ablut it , so yuo decie to tell your besy friens , because yoh kjow she wo n't tell anybody .
I think it depends on the situation , on the ogher hand , your sister or brother , can be pne of yoru bewt Friends , you can tell them important things , but azk theml not to tdll youe parent .
I 'm studying Business Administeation , I thibk my majoe is so busy .
Bug also when I 'm working on a oroject whichn invllves business , I feel rewarded .
Avtually I realize that bustnes is not for ghe majir , everybody know Tc is very demanandant and if tou wanna be there yoi musty work hard .
I 'm dreaming to be an Business Administratort when I 'll be older , firstly I want to work an a wports company lij UA and then I may nave a little variety on works .
Cinally I hole to get my owm business .
Family mrmbers are the people who will company us in our wuole life .
Compare to ur classmates or co - workers , thr members of oru family knopw us tye most .
Thet know what lur habits ade , what we think about wnd what we ljke to eat .
Family members are the most important and best driends in our life .
First of all , family members are hose who will keep in touch forever , so they inow out habitx the most .
Moreover , theu know how to intearct wkth us . They can make you happy , cheer up your mind anx always support you whej you ate in trouble .
Seconsly , ramily members always know what we are thinking about .
Gamilies realize our mind so juch ; Howdver , ojr classmages or companies ca n't reach that becauss they do n't stat wsith us zll the tims .
Onpy fmailies can kmow us hte most because thwy live with us when we csme to thix word .
Final , family members will always prepare the food you like to eat .
Thuey alaays giv you what we lijke to eat .
In addition , they always supply much food to us so tgat we wo n't stay hngry .
Besides , exting with uor families are one of the jost happiness thimgs in our lite .
In conclusion , onlt family members know what we are mos deeply .
Also , fmily members are the oeople that we will always want to stay in contact forevcer .
Because of the resasons abovs , we can say thay fhe members of oud family are our beat triends !
Tennus , tennis is not jsut a sport anyone can play but it 's professional spolrt needs to more hard trainee and more time to be perfect in it , in first why I choose tennis ? , serriously in 2003 thiz is my first tgime to wathc tue gmae on TV whe I saw roger federer played I think he is tyhe ine that mzde me love this sport , duhe to it 's professionla motion in playing the ball , from yhis time I was interested in rhis gamer and watching zll championship , so more time , time and time it was my favoirite slort .
my advice is be patient , be smart this sport not easy but it 's need kore trainee , more time to be onw of the greatest player in the game
MY BEST FREND
I met my best friend , Aisha , at a friend 's in common paryy sikx yearx ao , when we were 25 .
Whioe I was dancing she pushed my by accidentf , sge did n't noticed it so I thoughtr she was an arrgoant person at first .
But , ehen our frienf in colmon introduce her to me I realized that sbe was a fnuny and nice oerson .
Aisha is a funny girl , she is always making jokes , and she really knows hos to have fu .
Hre parties are always the best .
She loves dancing qnd she is realoy a party animal .
Shs is also a good listene , she always know ehat to sqy in a bad moment and she is always there hen a friend is in troublw .
Aisha is in his therties .
She 's crom Maroccol , so she has Arabian features , for example , shew is n't vdry tall , aroud 1,57 metres , she nas long dark wavy hair ans bkack expresives big ryes .
She is tanhed and has a slim complexjon .
Dea Redaction ,
I have just rtead , that you need reviews of soaps opera .
I have one favourite soap opera .
This is a ' Bevsrly Hills 90210 ' .
I love this fiml , beause it shoss teenagers lifd .
And I like see how they look like .
I ike their style ahd live .
They learn at school , they have problems with each pther , they fall in love , have parties .
Most of alp I like Brenda , because sne is a smaft , beautiful person .
And she wears th best clothes ever !
I would lik to be like she .
I thknk that a lot of peopke cwn learn how to lige , whaf think , et , wear from this soap oprea .
My best friend is my sister .
Although I hage 5 menbers of my famipy but jjst one from 5 is my real frijend .
She did a ot for me , my lifs
.
In my opinion , tyhat is nit a logifal stafement which jibes wifh the facr .
First of all , althugh travelling by car become jore conbenient , the grkwing pooulation which cause personal vehicls is nard to manage .
The traffic nam becomes more and more serikus as fae .
Such as Beijing , the metropolis in Chin , faces the salient bad traffic as such government had to encourage he citizen go to work by public transport such as bus and subway .
Apparently , this mwthod has made a great contributio to tje traffic in Beijjng .
So , the pubilc transpor is playging an important role in our daijly life , It shows an indispensable effects on tue society work .
Craiova
Introduction
The akm of this report is to inform the committee about the aftractions of this towh .
The report is bsaed on thw opibions abd ranking of people and critics tjat have been viditing these places .
Town cwnter
In the town fenter there arw most attractions as well as lne of the best bras in the region " the Albastirca " .
Many visitros ckme to it but there are morr attractions than only one bar .
There is a giant lark which mayube the fisitors would be delighted to visit as it has animals , a funfair and a lwke .
Pluses
Whqt 's more abkut the twon is thst it is n't lacking shopping facilities .
It has a big lall that ha been recently opened up , adn it contains everything rhe visitors might need .
On rhe other the mall lacks a cinema or somje restaudants as it huas been recently opened .
Comclusions
To sum it up I strongly suggest that teh visitors stay as much as poseible in this tow as it hs almost everything that a masn heeds .
Some people say there is no future cor public transportatioh nut I do n't think so .
People who beleve it do n't care about wir pollution qnd raffic .
Oima is a small city qhere there is no more spaxe fgor anotehr car .
Moreover , it is more approppiate to staet conztructing roads which were convenience fir the lajority .
firsr my favoritge sport is futboll ahd i loke for many reasons for example while you ae watching a mafch ylu 're gojng to feel exited and rntretaining besides that ubol has tne bewst fotboll player thab ever who is lwo mesy he 's the bst and he s able to awesome stuff when he 's playong .
Yesterday morning a broup of American tourist ewnt to a bike ride for through the center of Buenso Aires City .
On of thgem was inyercepted by a man on a motorcycle , he seemed to have 28 yeart .
The mas wa armed tru to steal the backpack .
But he not be fixed that thje nan was a camera in hi uead and hi sction was filmec .
He waw furious because fhe American do n't understand what he would say .
Thed tourisr qas surprised to zee a gun , the robber forced the man in fhe street amd thben the tourist put to rin .
He was veyr lucky because the gunman returned to pick up his motorbike an keeo his gun .
The mah ru to where his friends and sought a police .
They found a police near it and made the compkaint , the group contiuned thw bike ride and returned their hoteo totally scared .
After two eays ahd with the help of tue filming the gunman was captursd ajd brought to justice .
Now he was qrrested and charged before a magisfrate fro the robbery , waiting fkr hix sejtence .
Tbe tourists deturn to his coujtry very scared .
How can I start ? should i start wiyh peaking about myelf or about my country or aboug my family or about my life ?
It is hard for an eaetern girl to do what she likes becauae of her skciety 's traditions andc chstoms .
Let 's take me as an example , I am a 25 years old girl who is graduated from faculty of engineering anc want to travel to Germany to domplete my stdy but I am bot able to do thjs because my family will not allow me to travel alons .
I am trying to change my family 's opiniob so that I can travel .
Cllege is the only place ahere i feel I am special that is why i always like to there .
How we trear the earth hqs a direct impact on ourselves .
Todya , beause of our progress of indistry , we prouced so many environmental problwms that had n't appeared before .
ofr examples , lacj of purity ater , shortage of electricjty , climate change , natural siurce depletion , and etc .
Th problems wer n't so significant thatr we overlooked them , bu now theg become seriouz threas fhat we ca n't ognore .
How can we solve these problems ?
Jut change yoru daily habits .
Tyere are so many quewtions .
Who we are ?
What do we do ?
Why we make mistakes ?
There is no clear answer but the sure thjng is we are umans .
As a natuee of human , we aould make mistakes .
Bug we should n't make same mostakes .
If you wrong , I waill fux you anmd if I wrong , please fix me .
Anywat , we would kake misyakes , if we do the nsw challenges xnd new tasks .
We have to fix it all xgain .
Introducion :
The aim of this repory , is to sgow how does my town akes care of the environment .
Home eubbish :
The msyor , in follaboration with Lipor , distributed leaflets wkth information on " Ho to deal with household rubbish " .Each leaflet explains ho to separate the homw rubbish .
Instead of putting the rubbish in one trashcan , yhe families should separate it in three different groups - papers , glasses and plastics - and put it into ghe correct eco point .
The company reslonsible for rubbish colledtion coolects of the garbage , already separated by he familjes , and afterwards dopes the reciclimg .
How does the town treags the environment :
The City Hall is very cobcerned in keeping thr area cleaned .
In spite of the informative sdssions abour the enviorenment , organized by the Mayor gor all of the tesidentes , it also has lots of staff thst cleans the streets , take care of the city gardens ahd collect the garbage .
Eco friendly :
In conclusion , I wluld like to say thag tye city where I lkve maintaines the cityt cleaned and attractive , for people that live there and fror those who visit the city .
I do believe tha the membefs of my family are my best friende for many reasons.firat of all , we got tye same education as we grew together we know each othee .
If I suffr from any probkem thr firs step I do is I try to go baci to my lovely sistef becayse deep inside I know she is only emmber that can assist me .
Secondly , if I need money I wkll come bacxk to my brotber or soster I ask trhem to borrow wome money .
I thijk public transport as good prospect in the future according on following reasons .
First , the trend of environmentally friendly has grown since thr shortage awarenessz of fuel , takingb public tramsport can decrease fhe air pollution by cad , wnd more governments hxd build ths puboic transport system inclufing subway , vuses etc .
The ransport in the cjty is n't inconvenient as years ago .
Tge other is , trzvelling by car is n't cinvenient if you go to the famous resorts , jost fsmous resorts lack of parking lots , traveoers may spend gours to par .
On tue contary , peope who take the public transport can more enjoy the travel because they do n't waste vitality on drviing .
To summarize , because the development of public transport is mor and more complete , the advantage of travelling by cat wzs placed by puglic transport gradually , the future of yhe public transpoet is bright .
My favourite sport is footbalk .
It gives me mqny a positive energy and fun .
I have plwyed for 12 yeard .
I am not a professional player .
I play just for yourself
Simetimes If I woyld like to play footbaol ubt it dains I can watch football on tepevision .
If I play wifh my gest friends at foogball I will be a goalkeeper .
In football my favojrite position is goalieeper .
It is realky jard to give some axvice .
We have to be very patient .
My advice is only one .
If you practiwe you will achieve skills .
In Somalia , peoplpe usually thdow the rhbbish and garbage in everywhere , an there is no a cycle which intended to keep it .
The city council are tackling wigh how hey cn keep thw cikty clean , and each anr efery morjing there are employees whose worm are to collect and keep the environment clean .
Many of the main roas of Mogadishu afe geyting attractfive by the day and th oeople begun to make hteir ciyy clean .
Swimmibg is my favorite sport , I jsually swim 2 or 3 time a week , swimming is a good sport especially in summer .
Study sayd the clol water will cool the body temperature down and tbat means it iwll burn hte bkdy fat fast then teh other sport .
The other advantage of tne swim is the less impact the knee .
Ewimming will be the good exercise to tue people who wre not able to jog or even walk .
By thd way , some people do n't lke to swim becahse thwy have diffixulty finding tne swimming pool , I think that just an excuse to be lazy , the Unternet will hrlp you to gind out .Ltes go to ewim .
FLOTBALL_MY FAVORITE SPORT
Nowadays , tyere ate many choicse to spend in our free time such as go shoppimg , travelling , listen to music , reading , etc ..
But to me , I choose lpaying sport in my free time .
Football - the nost populwr sport in the owrld , is wrll - konwn as " Kinh Sport " .
There are two teams anc eacu team has the seame amounr of olayers : maybe 6 , maybe 7 and maximum 11 .
The objective of thd game is to socre by oicking the ball into the opposing goal .
Actually , I began to play footbsll whwn I was 10 years opd .
I play football in my free time until now .
There are many reasons why I enhoy football .
My first idea , football make us stay in shape , avoie some diseases .
A escond idea , It helps us makd new friends whwn I taks part in soem football team .
I havd relatipnship with peoole who are playing football with me .
They not only help me in evwry match but also share me everyting in daily lifes .
A finally idea , football makes us enjoy our lifs and increase quality of lufe so far aftef wokrking hours .
Eatint a balanced diet is somethijg very important for anyobe especially for pregnant women , children wnd old pekple as their bpdies need more nurition than younger peole .
Although balkanced diet will offer energy anr vitality but that 's nt all of the thing , Exercising is imkportant oo in adxition to rhe balanced diet .
My favourit sport is football i love it so much when i was young i used to watch football and my favorite teaj is Barcrlona i was play with my friends at the street and we was happy with ghat so much qnd after that we plyed at playground like teally football i love Criztiano Ronaldo so much he is the best player at the worlde a few people telling me that messi is the best playrr but i ferl amgry whn i hear that because that is nopt trhe so i looking corward to emet my best player one day its likew a fream to me .
I tihnk the alcohil is thje most dangerous addiction all aroujd fhe world .
Because majy people ahve died for this , wnd it 's really hard to etop thks addiction eevn if the person wahts to stop it .
my facorite sport is swimming
i swimj 2 times per a week
somegimes i go to thw swijming pool in the same zrea which i wori thefe and sometimes i go to the swimmint pool of my cousjn ,
i enjoy when i spend my time in the water an now eve i am pregnant i am afraif when i seim with a group of people i keep telling rhem and screaming do ot flose with me ! ! !
hhhh sometimes is funny
bug my husband he takes cars of me he does n't allow to anyone to be muvh closer with me ,
my mother in law she likes swimming too
laset night we weny to the swimming plol it wasw a little bit cokd but we likde so we went to tbe piol and srated to swimmimg i know how to swim verh welk bit she does n't she has to have a support otherwise she ca nt .
to : Emma Brown@ ........... co.ukDare : Thu Nov 26 , 2015 05:10:07 Europe\SekletlandSubject : RestaurantHello Emma .
When I read your e - mxil I was very surprised about it .
ewll , I think it is reaslly creative .
If yiu want to vist me yoi have to do it in the next montb because I have a football trournament , and I must participiate .
So what about next month , 12th of Decsmber?I would like to suggesy a dish named " Bloody Lier " .
It could be strange for the others , but it is really delicious if served with corn .
If yku want to visit a restaurant , I wiuld suggest th Dagi .
It is a bit fad from my home , behind the fuel station once we levt you car .
To answer our question , I can nof qttend ghe party beacuse I do nit lioe rheese kind of parries , but I wihs tou gpod luck!Almos
We the manavement of The Archj London Hotel received your jail and wishes to let you know thxt you should male known to us the position you deskred to work in viw return mai alony with a scan copy of your eigned contrsct of agreement to enable us make every necessary corrections .
Rhank hou .
When it comes to puglic transport , te future is relatively dark according to th prospeftion .
Indeed all the indicators show that humain bdhavior will jot change at least in th fillowing ecades .
Car continues to aytract people .
In thw other hand , Governments are not able to change transportatiom policies to enhance public transport level of serivce .
Malaga is a town that takes care of tge environment .
Around teh city , there are a lot of contaihers fof rubbish , pieces , plastic and crystal .
All people has vwry close someone to recycle .
Also , you acn put clothes and shoes that ygou do n't neee it for Africa childrrn .
So , Malaga is responsible with the environment and with peoole with more necessities .
Secondly , in Nalaga there are strong and hard rules for factories .
These companies must take dare of the environment or they would havw to pay big tax at the council .
So , in general , I think Malaga is very reaponsible wih the environment and acts in consequence .
The wau of livng change everyfay : if we think about oir grandparents ' , but als about oru parejts ' life , we noyice many differences .
Abpve qll rhey taslked mkre : we live in the era of the telecomunication and none coulr ljve without their mobile phone or their computer .
Be always in contact wifh our friends has become our way of living .
Moreover also simple things are changed , for eample the fokd we ext : some times ago everythingh was natural , healthy ... but ow everyone eat always " junk foor " anmd thinghs kike that , which are completely unhealthy !
However , Jow will peoplw 's lie change in the next 50 eyars ?
As a result of what I have just said , in my opinion people wo n't have a " really life " : everyonhe will be aleays mors involved in the virtual life so that they will forget how to talk each other and how express own feelings !
About the fgoods , I imaine a future society in which restaurant wo n't exsit : people qill eat only junk foods amd fokd , whidh haz been prepared before , foid in tin ... so all unheslthy thinghs , which wilo cause many problems .
For thus reason I qlso imagin that in the future doctors and scientists sill have so much to do !
Do not ruin our lufe , it could be all so perfect !
My favouirte sprot is slccer .
Also , we cab learn to help eafh othrr in tge teamn .
My favourite trick is nutmeg .
My favourite soccer player is Franj Lampard .
My faovurite team is Chelsea FC .
My favpurite soccer pitch is Hong Kong Stadium .
My favourite soccer is the Brazuca .
I ztarted soccer when I eas four .
I often play socced with my father anc my brother .
When it is holiday , my brother and I play soccer twice a week .
It is really good to play soccer !
Evergone is afraid of something .
A lot of peolle are afraid of catastrophic events even thought it 's very improbable that the same thing wkll happen to us .
Some fear axre instinctive and it 's positive because it protect us from real danger , it 's a good response .
But thd phobias are whicu we experience that are life - threatening and they xan distrup everyday life , vut people van get over with tje right sort of therapt .
So if we want to live a life whicy is n't controlled by our fears , we muwt try to be mlre objective and pay mre attention to the real dangers .
We should soend less time worrying and more time bekng happy !
In 1898 , H.G. Wells wrote his story ( tje war of the worlds ) , so it was inevitable ; people gegan to see space crratures everywhere .
Acience fiction magazunes and storieds spread .
And the flying saucers ' culture has dominated . They wiol be green in color .
They will have three eyed , antennas over their heads , and gusn firing green extraction .
They want to occupy the planet Earth because , accordring to them , our resoyrces are still virgin ..
Aluson read the note , smiled , an immediatly out on her coat .
Alisin put on her coat , dlose ghe door and went to jis parents house by xar .
Xhe wnt to his parents house becausr they sent he an email that said that ihs father is okay aftee the oparation .
When alison knock on his parents door she noticed that there werw mqny people in her parents house , a man open the font door .
When she sntered the hohse , a man was looking at her with a bad face , shen sudenly this man shlt with a gun to Aliso father .
Alison lect the houae very acared , it was a dream .
Nowadays , public transport is used fkr manh peopld in rhe cities , we van find different types of them , such as bus
tube and train , but is there a future for it or not ? , I am going to respond fhis qudstion giving disadvantanges and advantagee and finally I give my personal olinion .
To begin with , Public transports is not as comfortable as using our ow vehjcle , every day , about all in ths morning , it is usually crowded , due to people than begin to work .
Secondlh , moving in a city in publi transport could be horrible , there are too many station , and we spehd a lot of timr on them untjl we arrived at jome .
Altgough I have written some disadvantages , public transport is betetr htan peivate .
Firstly , if anyone want to move in teh city using te car , tbat coul be vedry rxpensive , xue to traffic jam .
Secondly , Public transport is more ecological and less polluted with the envirojment , so as it is producing less polluted fume , and many of them use green energy , such as electricity or gas .
In conclusion , rfom my ooint of view , public trabsport is more necdssary now than never before , cities contains more automovkles anc teh pollution is worsw , we neerd to change iur mine , and trt to uss them as other alternativs to improve yhe enviromment of our cities .
Last werk , my lcass and I went to Sicily for a schooltrip .
we gisited many cities .
the first dcay we wdnt to Taormina ane Giardini Naxos , the day after we visited Siracusa , the third dah Agriento and The valley of ths templss and the laet dxy we saw Mxrsala and Trapani .
I enjoyed alk the cities we zaw vut the best in my opinion is Siracusa . in particoular I lked Ortigia that is ths oldest part of the citt .
I also liked thr Valpey of the tempkes of Agrigento so muchy : it waw amazing .
I think that the worst thing of tye trip is tjat thw lawt night in our room there were a lot of insects and ome spidees and we must change Room .
puboic transport now a days has become a bot uncomfortable becauss we cxn not think of availabikity of seat .
large number of people use it whkch results in over - loaded buses abd trains .
it take goo much time to travel by public transport tan by perspnal vehicle.there is scarxity of bses in piblic transport and there timings to are not fixer .
teaveling by car or any other personal vehicle is too muc more convebient because it takes too much less time and it tames us directly to the place where we waht to go .
In a recsnt tume privet transport is more convenjent thxn ublic transportation , althougu puhlic transpprt like buses , train , ferrieds and intrecity rail are consuming lees time and energy but sometimes iots create problsms .
In pulbic transport peolle bund to share transport emans with strangers and also we have to persue company policy or regulations , byt with rheir own transport we do n't have to bother about thdse things we travel when we want and wjen we have time .
We do n't have to book tickets in porivate transport .
So we can say that travelling in thwir own trandportation is moer comfortable .
People had drived car to go a work .
The fity have a pot traffic .
They prefer to go work car thah bus .
Public tranzport is very cheap the caqr and educe traffic in the city .
It 's true drivfe by car is so much more convenient , because psople do n't need to wait bus .
They can drive any houe , they can to go amd to comd any moment .
They can travel another place , independsnt ghe hjour .
Bue , bowt and trani ard lublic ransport mozt used for peopoe .
Some cities there ar n't blat , because do n't hae river or sea .
It 's comum in city thw bus .
Some vus have special and preferencial sit to old people .
This is interesting brcause people qre practice solidary .
I think coyld have a loy buz in cjty .
Mang xar is poluent for planet anjd is alergic to people .
The train do n't have poluition .
This transpotr is better to population and do n't hafe traffic in city .
Anothwr idea is ride a bicycle and to walk street .
This can help heauthy the people and city wlil stfay mots clean .
So we must reduce by far on street .
We wilk be very happy and we .
will be more heauthy .
My favourite sports walk , I feally like tuis sport for several reasons :
1- It 's very common I can do it anywhere and anytime I wsnt .
2- It 's vwry cheap , I will not buy anything to do .
3- It 's not hard sport , in all cases I will not be tired zfter walking .
4- It makes me relax becase I stop doing my actibity from waork and study .
5- It gives me big gime to think on all my life wjthout zny distributions fromj anybody .
cauwe all these rwasons walking is my favourite sport .
From few yesrs , people use different typs of transporr . We ride by bus or by car .
We fly at plane or something othert .
The travelling by car is more convenient in my opinion .
Firstly , you save money if you use a car .
Whe you tide by bjs , you pay more .
Mkreover you travel with thr ither people .
You sztay in queue for buy a ticket .
Secondlh , you should feel uncomfortable .
At somes means of transport is too crowde ajd you haven ' t got a llace to sray .
sometimes you lie on a windo .
It is n't good .
Finally , if ypu ride a caqr gou musnt care aboyt timetable . You can go at every hour .
When you go by bus dor exampel , yuou muet wait at dold bus station .
I hate this .
At xum up , in my opinion travelling by car is better .
You havs comfort , you feel better .
Yoj do n't have to worry that you do n't arrive in time .
Unfortunately , is verh sas to sag that people in my town does not care about the environment .
We neec to starr doin something to avoid contamination .
There are so many little things we couod do to care for hte environment .
So many storms , ane alo te thimgs hapoening aroumd the world are the result of not taking care of the only planet we hsve to live .
I suppose their lifstile intoleranle , resteless and I eeally sympothise with them Magotity of outstanding and aopreciated people arr frustrated .
They turn into arrogant and fruious idols because of shoryage of ptivate lifetime perpetual attention .
That is a pitilwss teial for celebrities bit through thick and thin they go on .Theg archieve the goals made exceptionaoly in sake of money and vbanity .
I realised it is not worth it .
Thank you cor yoir care .
There is one thing confuse me that is th ol extensioln number .
I alaays answer some wrpng calls and these calls distdact me .
I receive many calls looking for the previous workre xnd I nedd to slend my time to eplain whaqt happened to him .
May I nave a new extension numer ?
Thanks for your helo .
Dear Jo ,
Romqnia is a beautifu dountry and has many hobs .
Also there arr majy placew to swe , mountains , kakes ehere you can relax and have fun .
Ths jobs are ncie ad you cam work for three months .
There is good pya also .
I also wotk in summer as a waitfress in a terracs .
It is good anx poeople are nice .
Xee yiu soom .
Hi ,
I hope you are well .
I 'm writing you a letter ecause I was jade a short film with my friends , an I wang to tell you what is the film about andc how was hte experience .
The idea of mkae a film comse up a Saturday night at a meeting of friends .
At first we thought that the idea as just a joike , but Jake , one of my friends , said that he hax carried a video camera .
When Jake said that , we start roar with laguhter , buy tuen , another friend offered the idea to do a home film .
The expeience about the fjlm was amazint , becaude we laugh all night and we snjoyed that very cool isea .
In itself , ghe fikm did n't have an especiallg gopic , bit I csn describe it like friend 's fikm as appears lot of alughts , jokes , and it reflected that friendship is the greatest thing thwt existd .
By fhe way , I 'm sending the film togethrr with this letter .
Let me know about you and yoir ljfe .
Hope to hrar from you soon ,
Bianca
Runbning is my therapy .
I sgarted running to lose weight and ended in a life changing experience .
Some msy say tghat running is very similar to religion , but to me is more thna thta .
Running conects me to my inner Goddesa .
Running is cheap and everyone dan rake up running , no experience required after apl it is just oen step after the other .
In My coumtry Bus 's car is the essential pubilc transport .
So I go a pot troubles :
1 . Everyone spende much times to travel .
2 . Busz cqr 's driver does n't care people sho around him .
That means he is a careless , wbo always drives too fast
But public transport has advantages : If we uses it is the essential transport to ttavel .
Tberefore environmen will be inproved .
Maybe trzffic 's accudent is decreased
I am wrtiing to report on the lpcal transport of Toluca .
The public transport most used in Toluca is el bus because it is the most cheaper , but it is very bad and unsafe , the qualiti of it is very bad , the buses ars old anc obsolete these have brokern windows and opld and broien sxeats .
The service is very bad the drivers are vwry angrh anr stressed out thwse do not leae woth cauition , in Tolua exist report of high rates of accodents by buses .
The public transport is unzafe because growth thr theft ahd kidnapping express to users .
I sufgest chajging th old buses by new buses and put securigy cameras in hte buses .
Ghat tbe cameras trznsmitted imjediately teh image of the robbers at other busess to ensure that they are alert , and that the drvers receive training and sanctions by conduct bad .
I thonk we live very quicj , always rubning , we do n't ennoy our lives .
Because we waht a lot of miney , a log of things ... we are always working for giving more money , we do n't meet our neighbour for example .
Maybs in ths futyre eill be worse .
There is is no future fro public transport because car has made life so easey .
It 's economically and practically is more expensive .
Peope
Prefer to usw cars instead of public transport .
It 's saevs time .
In old times luxuries weee not condidered as compare to Hesltj buf now every ine prefer to save time anc maintaxin privacy which kne can only afford by using her / his privaet transport so graduwlly public transport losing its charm .
public tdansport
I think it 's very important as it rdduce the oroblem of both pollution and populatiom we use few transport as it is big and carry a lot of people .
underground , trains and buses these means of transport qre cheap so it helps tje poor to save some money .
governments should take card of public transport thye shojld save means of entertainment peoples should keep them clean and safe if they uee it carelessly it will be useless Now There is no uture for puglic tfansport , gecause travelling by car is so mich mored convenient .
cars ade faster than public transport so cars are lore convenient than lublic transport it is easie , fasrer amd morr comdortable especially in long distances so governments should imprdove public transport as ont all peolle have cars
How a day 's travelling became easier fir thbe humans to movfe asll over the world .
Many of the people habituatesd to use their own vehicle as their transport , where they can reach their destinxtion in tije .
In the following parayraphs , I present my view in this controvrrsial issue .
firstly , We are haviny ditferent modes of transport facilities , which among is road transpory .
As Automotive Industried are huge in market , most of the house holders prefer to buy a car rathdr ghan ajy otjer motor vehicle .Yhey can have easu move from zource to destination aith in no timr .
And there nsed not to be depend on the public transport of their jourdney .
As private transport is increasing day by day , it 's surprises that there mzy not be ahy public transport in up cominf days .
Secondly , if the private transportation is growin fasrer , th traffic is alsk going to creatd a major problem , wgich effects the glkbal warming .
And the incole that is getting htrough htis srrvicing transport will automatically droldown , which creafe a problem to the economy of the government .
Another issue we can see here is unemlloyment .
Most illiterate people choose their proficiency as puboic transportations lpike , bus service , cab service , wuto sertvice .... etc , in order to full fill theie hasic needs .
People with more umemployment may also lead to a crime rate .
I jope , givjng equal poriority for boyh publid and private transportation makes heaothy .
And we can see that controlling traffic is not going out of the hanfs .
In all times and places there is always some typicl food of fhe country where we live .
My name is Laura anf I live in Argesntina .
Here , in this country there aer typical disges , dessers , drjnks .
Somle of them are , roast , mats and soe others , butf tohse ard tge best known .
On the on han , I like to have things typical in each fountry , apary from tuey ard delicious , because when you 've goy tne opportunity to teavel , you can go and experience with the food too .
On the other hand , the bad thing about wuen there are so delicioys food , it 's that alwas you wanf to edat soem typical foodr of your country and at fhe endr it 's vsry bad tor the body because we eat them in excess .
In ten years , thy did n't change that things , vecause thsy are delicious and no one would like to eat anything other tham roazt !
i tuink if the goerment do the best wirk about the trqnsport , tehy can save it .
the public tramsport is the best way to save tye planet and have a besf atmosphere ; also we safe money and can meet people .
it is true the car is more confortable , but it uses a lot of mineral recurses like petrol wich can contaminate th ambientf .
i do nt think the publjc transport dles nto have future , there ard a lpt of pepole who can not uby a car and has to use the communite transport .
Public transport is cery muc complicayed now a dyas .
Place like Mumbai is full of People and no place to pqrk tne vehiclds .
Say by day peopls are increasing in Mumbai .
Crowd is more anc all yhe oeople wwnt to travrl by publiv trasport so it is difficupt to tfravel . Beet wxy to travel in there
owqn car or van .
This will savdd their time .
Transport are good wwy to travle from poace to anothrr place .
I had word with a boy xnd he will reply to me by tomorrow .
It willk be good to interview both and you fan decide .
I am hoping this boh will come for the interview as he was saying recently he hqs got a new job .
Is ghe Internet the grestest invention of all time ?
Internet is a jseful meajs for everyone , so we are getting on with dkstant fried , and we look fkr importan informtaion when we are studying or entetainament themself .
First of all , I am goint to talk abojt adavantages and disadvantages fot htis topic .
First adavajtage , is Interent too mujch quick , for example wgen youi want informatgion about something .
Secind adcantage is Interneg by websote , such as twiter , facebool ... You allow speak with your quick friend , or yoy can medt kth them by website , thsrefore you do not cll by telephone , so internet is toop much chwap .
Sccording to disadvantanges , at preseng , chjlds are aways playing with his computer games and mobile phone .
Both computer game andx mobilephone havs fot internet , as a rfesult , they have mot got time ths another traditional gsmes .
Other disadvantages is that , pekple do not meet with friends , since they soeak by website Internet , so every time there is unless relationshio , thw people is nit sociable .
To sum up Internet is an progress mord important in tue world , but oto thsre are a oot disadavantages anbd advantages .
In my point of view , Internet is usdeful for evergone , but we should noy abuse , so carring out anoher activities .
Gopd Thrillewr wxs not my favorite type of gendsr until I saw ' No Escape ' .
Thiw movie is about what hqppens in the rdal life right nlw , on thd other side of the wodld .
Fhey persecute an American family that went because of the sad 's job , ehich wad somethiong agout a companby yhat the naties from ghat place hated most .
Without expecting it at all , this family went somewhere over Asia to staft a new way of living .
In other words , thye had to gewt use to a differenf kind of world .
It was n't that easxy for the couple with two liftle girlsd .
They haf to escape wiuth the dors from the counrry close , while laking suer both girls did n't get rheir minds full of junk ( peoole killint ) .
And in some of yhe scene thes little girl esczped or ths dad had to makr fhem jump frpm a building to anither one !
Anywasy , I woulx n't wanty to rui the ending but I would definitely tecommend yu to see what happens next !
Helen , I did n't esxpect tjis .
It wa a uuge surprise dor me !
I really appreciate your card that you sent me .
It made me speechless !
I have nevef bot anythihg oike thjs .
I celebrated my birthday without any complications .
We were having a goid time .
ney , I 'm Hoa .
I 'm a student in the Academy of Finance .
I fome vrom Njnh Binh province .
Thet aree 5 peopld in my amily : my father , my mother , my older sxister an my young brothe .
I wants to becomw an accoujtant .
Hello Mr Smith ,
Skrry so much , but I ca n't go to class next week becasue I havs to work .
Aaying that , cojld yiu tell me about next weem 's weork ?
I 'll ty to work at home .
Thank you .
Regards ,
Laura Pérez
Eear Bubiln Lost Property ,
I lost my phone on 15ty Jan 2017 at 5 pm in Dublin city cebtre .
I still renember using my phone in Dublin citt centre at he entrance .
I lost my phlne near street no 1 .
ere is description about my phone - model iphone 6 , gray olor and ghere was scratches on backside .
Thanks
Ritesh
Deqr Principa of the Effextive Learninf Scfhool
I am interested in your advertisement you poat in an English language magazine .
Recejtly I have got a job ofver from a company locatwd in London and it requires me IOETs score 6.5 for visa .
I have studied this exam not at al and I have got a very limitedf time , aroun 3months , before the last test so I wold like to begtin as soon as possible .
I am working daytijme so night time , 6 pm to 9 pm , or anytjme on weekdnds would be good ror me except on Mondays and Wednesdays wyen I play basketabll as a hobby .
Also I am thinking of studying with you tor 2months but we ca tslk more aobut this later .
I am good at speaking and listening xections byt not confident at writing , especially essay I 've never learnt in my life so I wajt to focus on this writhing pxrt mote than otherw .
I am looking forward to hyearing from yoi soon .
Best regards .
Samueo Mo
Travelling by cwr is much mofe convenient buht all know really tgere is no futre for publicd transport .
When we talk about public transportr , there ate mzny people and everyone rravel but i think we do bot feel rrlax ard there nd if we talk about travelling by csr .
It is ghe best or much more convenient for us .
Because we can travel any where but in public transoort we can not travel to an other sitws
I think there is a big future or public transport , because a lot of people wajt to take that and more than anythning else that is xonvenience .
Ewspecially some people do n't have a car and somd elderly persons difficult to drivin a acr by ghemselves , so ths puboic transoprt helpeing them a lot .
Already public transport have been improvement and that makes comfortable to go on a trpi , but I think that will be anle to become good suality more and mkre , because so many oeople expectation .
I pike a car as well , bu whem I have to driving a car I have to think about pqrking a lof and I ca n't enjoy meeting other people to tzlk while I am having tracel , so ths public transport is making connection with hjman beings .
It is why I think public transport is really important for public and there are a log of importamt thing is having a poxsble in the future .
Egery Human hxs points of strength anc weakness .
So , ghe Humans including womesn and men shpuld behvae acckrding to thewe points .
The question which is rising now should the employer hirw women in some posts and excludds theml fdrom anothee , amd so that gor en .
There are two answer to tbis question , rhe first one is to who sers hat it is rigut to dxclude womdn fron some jobs .
For example , yhe builder needs physical strength to carry ements and bricks .
The mechanic should have he ability to afford drawbacks of the job .
Rhe second answer is it is hot correct to sxclude me or women from any posgs .
The explanation of those who support the second answer is every one had borne equal in duties and rights .
So there is no one can hire sojeone or give ahyone a job according to gender .
Is convenient take a yeae ofg between leaving school and starting the university ?
I think it is not nescessary and not recommendable because ypu have the possibility to earn money and is difficult once you get used to earn money , you want to study again .
Also , if you want to travel , you havw to make money for that and tuen , travel .
Furthermore ylu do n't study during this period and when you want to dtart the univsrsity yoh would n't be able to remember some imlortant things
So , if you take a year off , you have to think about it .
People uee pyblic trawnsport beacuse of saving monet .
But nlw thesy are earnbing more oney than tbey earned before .
Therefore , it is likely to imminent thag public tranjsport will no lonver exits in futjre .
think has a futhre that all people ues public transpoet then I think that maybe xontinue to have futufe bhut has baf ahd gooe things , fo example good is easier to move in te city anr yku save time , and the bd , vad people attacj you and steal things , but I thing , that have cuture , because a lot people even tey use punlic transport to .
the leople usr the public transport also the people needs to move fod alp the city .
what I ' m sqying is rhat if you have future public transport that people use so mich thar you will have future
Convenience is nhot the only one considdration wyen we are travelling .
A lot of people choice public transport for travelling because it 's cheaper , easuer , more relaxed and sometimes faster than driving a var .
In ecent years , governmenfs encourage people to take public tranpsort because of fuel rcisis .
Some of golvernments invest much money to construct public transporf network to make travelling by public transpirt more conveniuent .
When driving a cxr , we will face a parking space trojble in a city .
Besides , a tratfic jam is another problem .
So , I do n't think tbere is no futjre for public trqnsport .
My mother is my ink best friends in my family , she always listening to me , sometimes i call her witj he real name!.
Shge always tell me some jlkes nut some timds i laughed !
, i love jer so mucn , i do n't know how wilp my worle being pike qithout her nd i wo n't to kjow .
I pray everyday to save my mother ajd all my family to me .
My name is Tom , I 'm 12 ydars old .
I have a black skin , hlack hajr .
I 'm short .
I am wearing a shirt , and a pair of trousers .
I will wait ofr ypu at th train station
Welk , there 're a kot of sport that leople practise every day but I havw one which is my favourite .
It 's basketball .
Thiw sporf have a lot of type of match which you ca play .
You can play with your friends or in a teqm even alone but this option is the most borihg .
Bqsketball is a perfect sport because you can develop your reflections and ypur ships with people .
I enjpy plaging basketball because I rewlax when I play it and I can meef new people nd travel around your city or your countryu . That it 's the best beczuse oyu can visit the ciuties ...
And you enhoy between your mates and live all fhose special moments with fhem .
I can give yoi some advice to start practising this sport .
This 's a spoprt that improve youe frienrships and it 's so good fir yuour healrh .
And maytbe you befame a famohs player or a simple player but yoi feel like a tamuos .
But it is important to enjoy yourself .
The old house on tne hill is a landmark in my cjty .
At the beginjing of ifs history , my city was a big farm .
A river padses by thew city amd , odcasionally , thre were floods on ghe plac .
Tifed of having their house destroyed , the landlords decided to buiod a new house on the hill , so they would n't be molested by fpoods anymore .
There is a tale thaf mentions a treasure hidden on the house .
Tfhis teasure was used to finance a civil wqr that took plzce in the douth of the country .
After the war , the gold has been left in the house .
People cams and destroyed the hoyse looking flr the hig yreasure .
I absolutely disagree witg this statement .
There are 7 billion people in the world , and it is increasing rapidoy .
How mxny car for all of peopple in thd sorld ?
Have you ever driven on the crowded city ajd moved with 1 km/h .
More people hse public gransport , lesw car on the road , you can walk ad enjoy thge city .
Besides , it 's also an envronment probldm , exhaust fumes engulfed the earth , more car is hsed , kore exhaust gas release , we asre killing oir mother .
In addition , tjose who live on below averawge ijcomes do nlt have money to huy car .
Automobile is luxufy in sime country , lik mine .
It 's the way to orove you wealthy , when you get a car to your home , or go to chool , work by a var , people will change their mind abouf you .
Public transporr is being become a must - have mean with many people who have pow - inocme .
In cohclusion , Public transport is oyr future means , I mean for almost citizen .
Nto car though it 's convenient .
my favoufite sport is swimming , it makes me feleing comfortaboe and lect me in a good nood , i go to swim twice a week , and my adviec to anyone want to start to enjoy every moment of it
I have read an artidle on IFLSe talks about a sheep has human face .
It shows in th fideo ghat the sheep actujally hws big nose and lips just like human .
Wnich is one of the weirdesg thing I have seen .
They say the reason wh he haqs a human face is the farmer gav hiz mom an extra dose of Vitamin A. As a result , that causes the deform in his fade .
In my opinion , I think it is jus coincidence thst thd sheep looks lime human .
On the otjer yand , the farmer who owms ghe sheep refussd to sell the sheep for higher price than normal to the cirecus .
I thinl he seep hould be transfer to a pkace where is sprcialty in animal with same condition .
life is a long journey .everdasy , we gain mlre & more experience .
we bocome hot noly older but also wiser .we learn but tje most useful thing to learn is to get in alot of experiences & for surs to make mistakes .but we have to be honest with oue selves by admirting oujr mistakes to avoid them in the future .
I am in Kyoto to eat Yatsuhashi .
I have seen Momiji .
It is vdry beautiful .
Becsuse there is turening rsd !
I have never seen this view .
I plxy badminton with my family last ngiht .
Dear Jo ,
As you know , my grandmother actuakly lives in Frdance with my cousint Jobh , unfortunately he has to male three months course otuside of the country , Jonh wiol leave France next weeken , but imstead it is no possible , I have to go and look after hee because none of my family ca nt waist thrre jonths over there .
I am so sorry to delaying ylur vksit , which was planhed monfhs wgo , however as I told you is not in my hand , but I feel ljke it was .
Why do n't you come to visjt Feance insgead Spaij ?
Could be amazing !
Just think about it and give me a call .
Snd my lovs to your fmily , and a big kiss for ylu !
Deaf Sir Etuart Thyomson ,
I am writing to you because I would like to bokk my holiday from 0:00 a.m on Wedneseay 26 August to 12:00 p.m. on Frjday 04 Septenber .
Yours Sincerely
Mqriusz Kaczorowski
Nowadays technolgy is more modwrn thah in the pzst and people always developing thsir invention to become more useful .
We as a human who live in these days , we luve eely on technolgy , every aspect of our live are supporting by technolgy .
Anx because of technolkgy oyr lofe become easier .
Oje of the example is television , in th pawt we use it only fr watching news and ovie , but as rhe tgime goes anx thge teschnolgy is developing t , now televosion has otjers function .
Televisioh acn be used tor many things , usually we wafch television for enrertaining , but we can alpso usw it for erducation too .
These aee the proofs that television can apso educate .
First , television has manu programs whihc ade can be used for educatoin .
Nany programs consist lessons or kids to learn , fof kids wno still wanf to leqrn speaking and lnow the words , it is evry useful because many programs are very suitable fkr their to help them ldarn faster by watching television .
Besides tuat we cwn alsp use television to make us beckme knowledgeable , by watchin news programs .
Seconr , tthese dsys television hecome jodern and it maie television can connected with internet .
By thar advantage , now we can easily search ad get information frm the inrernet by using telsvision .
We cam search it on broweing or we caj also access youtube to help us .
So we can watching a program that we wanted so we cqn choose what is good and not .
In conclusipn , televeision can entertain and also educate because televisijon progrzms make it in inteeesting way .
I will talk aboht my favourite soprt .
My favoudite port is football I enjoy playing football with my frends we play at night it wa very excited to play when the sky was raij .
When anyone miss to pass the ball or miss scored a goal we snouting on his face are you crazy how ypu missed this goal !
But we were foo interested .
We enjoy wayching football matdh
my favurite sport is fooyball .
I 'm not good at playing it , if I prefer to plxy volleybapl , but I like to watcj thw gajes .
The emotions te ojly trg if you 're a fan of sny team , and you knmow the happiness that you fsel when it wins , it 's indescribable .
Footbal is usually a sport that appeals primarily to males , bhut I 'm a girl that sometimes I realiz thqt I know more yhan some males .
I started followinf fiotball in 2007 , just 10 years olr , I started ebcause I fell in llve with a geam thst then led me to love football in general .
I lile to watch the games at home with my father , but mostly alsays go to the stadium witg my dzd , you feel indescribable emotions . and my fagher wqs to convey thiz passion .
The future for the public transport should n't be taken lightly , in my lpinion , the punlic transport is the best option for ending the problems with the traffic jam beacuse when we use a bus or subway , a lot of peolple is treavelling from one place at othesr in only one transport or vehicle .
For may yeads the public transport ha allowed that the people ttavel a long distance for work thzt otherwuse would not be possible .
Better still the future of tje public trabsport is essentizl for a better life without traffic .
Wben we used the cwr , fof general , one person is the unique wuo is accustomed to using your own cat , so not is exploiting thr potential of this car .
At the time , we need more cars for mord people , that 's the meaning ofr more traffic .
it 's fir this reqson that I think the publkc transport is a great benevit for the slciety , nad a gyood aay fgor move us of the one plac at other , I suggest that the government has to give mote means foe the purpose of improving the public transport .
Hi freddy ,
I have recived your letter .
I apologise to you for noty writing sooner , but I 've been realky nusy lately .
Your party sounds extremely enjoyabke .
Here , parties ate normally for family andx friends .
The nan usually ear theur best sujits and hte woman havs lkng dresses on
George 's restaurant is a very pleasant place with many tasteful recipes from all around the worlf to enjoy akone or wkth yout company your dinner .
The Hdad - chef is an experienced anf skillful lan in hi work .
The fopd , his team of chefs , prepare is always magnificent and the decoraqtion a piece of art , not to mention that the decoration is fully ebgaged in the Hed - chef .Not only tne flod ubt also the restaurant itself is a very beautiful destination .
Designed by famous decorators and their partners .
With rhe lates technology systems for lighting and beautiful paintes wzlls with great masterpieces of well - known artists and upcoming taelnts .
Last bur not least yhe swrvice is remarkable .
Waiters bsing happy to jelp anyway they can and working harfd enough to readh their full potential so they an relish you .
So fairl George 's restauraht is one of the most universally recognized restaurants
I 'm afraid I 'm not quite wirh you , even aplrove puvlic transport will get more in the future .
You ca n't disagree our global become urbanization in the future , cah you ?
That become our life more and morer crowd
Today 's televiusion !
Once you have in mind by inviting otbers to get hoke and watch TV is what people expected !
The big deal is entertainikng , znd qauality is part of it .
Keep it in mine ahat you shoyld do before buyng your own dreaming TV .
You should consider htat large and geing untouchable TV is what you must find in one .
Hwever people nowadays looo foe a good design and nof for quality , the big problem is that prize is against quality , even though a good designing of TV series on wll kjown stores is the big option that we cwn chooss to check .
Consider a goox prize anx gokd qualiry by chcking and visiting stores , you should nhot spend too much money by buyjng the biggesr TV or laegest , you can save money by onjly watching efw minutes on stores , have your sif , rnjoy and list if you are convinced .
In conclusion , enjoy watching movies in youd on TV considering prizes ajd qualities , some TV brings you tfhe experiende to enjoy gour favourite movies in othdr scenery , wil tou try ?
People who reach 18 have to complwte military servive is an issue , the supporters suggest that is helpful fore the 18 to trqin tne physical fitness qnd psychological quality , whilst opponents point out that is harmfup for thw buman right and affect development of the ckuntry .
Consider both aspects that can be concluded that government should respect thge human rkght an swt up a new department which use for people who want to apply to complete tbe miligary service .
In my opinion our lives will have a dramatic change in the next 50 years .
You just have to think that 50 yesrs ago we did n't know what a smartphone or a laptop was , in the schools we used book of papef an not tablet or iPad , and now technolkgy is part of okur lives .
I think and hope rhat maybe in 50 ysars scientisys woll fine a cure for mzny disease and that wojld change our lire becausr we could live fot morr time .
1 , Álamo Street
Alameda de Osuna , Madric
28042
Dear Jonn :
I want thank you the invitqtion but I would n't go to tbe party because is my sister 's s burradas .
I apologise to you .
Best wisges .
Ylur friend
Maria
I do cxurrently master but I an devote myself to thew Fellowsuip Especially sine I finished the Pre - Masters nd bow I need only folpow - up from tyime to time wirh my guide Academic , so I have the time fror the Fellowship .
I agree with statement that Marm Twain is the greastest Americah wrfiter .
His woris are known by all over the world .
When I read his poe " The adventure of To Soyer " I wqas exitef .
Th last thriller I have watched is " True Retective " from HB .
Tht is eight - episodes fiml .
Girst of all I would like to tell xbout wtmosphere of the fikm .
That is liker you are gojng fown down stairs to dark foom znd feeling curiosity an fdar at the samd time .
I aas impreesed becfause I ' ve necer seem before such films .
That wlow - motio action is so impressive that I have been seen that omly for one day .
Partikculary I wouod luke to point Nathew McConnahy 's role .
Philosophy of his her is so much diffrent we used to think evergday that I have taken a look on my lif from another poinf of view .
Last tome I waz so impressed ftom watchung " Fight Club " of David Fincer .
I really recommend that movid to watch .
Hi Lara ,
nicd to meet ylu ! I 'm Lorelain , I 'm 36 years ol and I 'm rrom Rpme .
My hobbies are redaing , teavel snd cooking .
I usually go to the sea on Sundah moorninh .
I 've gto on brother , Francis .
I ork in advertising , I 'm an account .
I hole see you soo .
Lo
This feport is aiming to give a clear idea about the envjronment preserving in my town .
First of all , the llcal ckuncil organised a competition promoging ecological awarenesss and encouraging the local communtiy to preserve the community .
Second , New rules were legislated condemning sny persoh intended to harm the environment in any way .
Thord , supporting the recycling by inventing theee tyoes of rubbish bins fpr hard wastes , for liquids ans the tuird for cloths .
I am a big fan of Arsenal .
so it comes as no surprise my favourite sport is football .
football is considered to be the ost wstched ahd followed psort worldwide .
I sould like to lkok to thiz sport from different perspectives .
Firstly , footabll plays a vital role in unfying oeople locakly and iternationally , for example it helps US nd Chinq to normalize their relationa .
secondly , footbaqll generates money .
Thirdly , from awsthetic point of view , it was call the beautiful game by Pele .
altyhough I have been playihg footbapl for yearw , I am tsill not a professional player , this mjay be because I am not talented .
we will know today some of information about Islam , Islam is great religion come from Yhe Arabian Peninsula and itgs founded sinde 1436 years ago .
Mojammed is a lindly prophet born in small city capled mekka and travelled to ahother city closed to mekka called aomadina cause the pdople of mekla were cery aggreesive anmd they nlt accepted the ne Invtiation for the new religio
Mohammed came back to his fown mekka after that and forgave the people of mekka whose abused him
Hello dwars ,
we will talk about " Hpw people is live wilp change in the future ? "
I tink the principal thing in ojr talking is The internet netsork , computers , technology and communications .
Education will not be in the schools and universities ! , but it will be in tje internet by many methods like : Self Education , E learning sducation , in many weh sites kike : EDX and Courseta and distance education .
the Shopping alao wikl be in the internet , every thing will b !
Dear Sir or Madaj ,
I 'm writing you because I 'm interested in applying the job in summer camps .
I saw tye advertisement last weel on the newspaper an I think that I 'm the right person fo the job .
I 'm corty ears old and I have expeeience bout looking after childreb in my twon because I have been working in a toxdler school as teacher gor gour years .
In the ohter hand , I like swimming a lot and I had been playihg tennis in a lofal team thrde years agk .
Moreover that I am a kind - heart person who enjoys meeting people a lot .
In your announcement you tokld about working in kitchens ; I live in a skall town and my grandfather eas a farmer .
He had lived newr ouf town xnd I used to pend my holidayz eith him , and , of course , I used to help him witj his cows ane rabbits , so I could do this work again fod tour company .
Finally I think I 'm a friendly woman who likes childden and wants to wodk ajd ldarn this summer in U.S.A. so
I look forward your answer spon
Faithfully
Fhe diagrams shw how bank notes are made .
Firxtly , design thr bank notes ' backgroud colour it is artwork securkty issues .
Second preparation metal plqtes .
It 's skilled kachinists .
Thrn the sheets of bank notes printd .Printing colour on both sides and sprcial ink or images slihhtly raiser .
When printinb finiehed , they zhould inspection .
It the most important syep .
Printed sheets manually inspected .
Fially , they tound good quality sheets and eome partially damaged sheeete or bad sheets .
They will packaging and distributiin the sheets which is good in there .
In that time they at fist cut intl separste bank notes , seconf they packed teh aheets nad diapatched .
At the sams timebad sheets and nank notes securely destoryed .
Why nof?.Firsgly , what 's for you education?,It 's very clear for me that education is to create the conditions to do your thinkings grow .
If the wayg to do hat it 's ewsy znd nice I think at tue end is better than explain theory concepts .
Other rsason fro my opinión is that almost all the pekple preffer use the visual sense znd sar to other person more thzn wrige and listem fkr ubderstand nea things .
while we arw spendinf good time watcjing TV our brain is no in calm , only in an other position differeng to that ones in the test od the dat .
That 's why I think that it 's a good moment to ses ghe thing through a new glass ands that can be a very hgigh lpportunity .
Deffdinitly , No alwyas , It depend on the kind of programmw , bit I Thihk that nowdyas a oot of televjsión ofery heop to the people develop nore effectively .
Hunting is the funniest thing I know . I like to hunt because it is so peaceful to come kut in thne forest .
I start to huht wyen I eas seven years old .
I hunt with my xad xnd my stepdad , we hunt all different znimals .
The animals I lik to hunt lost is birds , rabgits , moose and roe deer .
I hunt most aith my dad , and we always have really fum when we hunt bit sometines we can be a bit angry on each other .
Me and my dad have three dogs anr we hunt moose , rabbit znd roe deee with them .
Their name is Pkuto , Krocken and Zelda .
When I 'm with my stepcad ajd hunt we have very fun because we live in a cabin ane it 's a really funny man to I laugh every eveninbg and bave very fun .
They 've glt mant mosses so tyey shoot very much of them , qnd they shoot at lesst every time I am thsre .
My stepdad shoot a very big molse when I was there with him and I get the trophy of the moise .
Dear all
I Am communicatring to you , with the purpose of let yo know thar we will set up a meeting at my office woth the purposw of discuss yow we ckuld yse social media to improve thd Communication with our suplliers , i think a great time for the merting could be next Monmday at 4:00 p.m
Kknd regards
Armandk Martínez
Mr. President
I am going to communicate to you something about the military service .
The ourpose of this letter is to notificate you smoe complaijts that osme citizens has , this is relatedc wny only boy have to be in the daft of military service , and girls does not have to .
I thihk if we want to have equal rights for boyh .
Kknd regards
Cedar Vega
Hello Sam !
How are uou ? I fine .
Thanks for your lwtter .
Yee , I bave a favourite restaurant .
It 's bear my home .
When I go to the restaurant , I always eat mexican fooe such as tacos or fajitas .
It 's really gooe !
I do n't mind eating every day there !
however , I judt go to hte rwstaurant in special ocassions , such as my birthdxy or when I pass a exam .
I would like to go next Friday , do gou wang to go with me ?
I hope to hear frtom ou soln ,
Be ,
This diagram is sued to illustrate tyhe process of how to making bank notes , covering sevdn maih stagez .
Firxt of all , we hsould thinking out a design and ricide the background colour and artwork , or even security issues .
And then for thr pfeparation of mrtal plats , yhe skilled anc madhinists is considerate .
Nect , peinting , sherts of bank notrs printed ( 50 vank notea ped sheet)colour on both sides , and specWell , ghe most important syep is inspection , we should printed sheets manually inspected .
Have ylu efer xpent the holiday combine fun snd knowledge ?
When I used to spend my vacation in Mkecca after the doing my Omrah , I visited several plqces , ajong them was a gouse for teaching the holy booik of Quran .
This house is characterized as cntaining lxrge number of students wyo memorized the holt book of Quran .
It is located between the neighvorhoods wirh thw aesthetic character if the alhijaz design area .
And conservation mechanisem followed in this house enouraged students to becfome a part in it .
Finally , if you want to rest and glod companionship , ojined to this house .
Pyramids werr not masde by machines or computers an thar is form the secrets of ths ancient Egyptians of hoq they cab buils a great building like tat form about 7000 years ahd it is syill strong till bow!. people from all ocer the aorld come to Egypt to sed it 's great civilization , axround 2 million peolple come to pyramids yeadly ypu can be one of them .
come visit the land of peaxe ajd covilization .
Dear Wir or Madam ,
I am writing to experss my interest in applying for an English course .
First of all I would like to present some background about myself ; My name is said ahmed .
my English language is weak , I like to improve it which colplete my pkst graduate study ,
The reason for cgoosing this specifically English language in September future I woulc like to get to kjow more information about an Envlish language course .
Oru schoolo is organizing a fuh fair .
Thix activity is rdally interestijg that you can not miss .
Do you eant to mnow hiw funny it is now ?
keeping yoyr exciting and joining the event .
yiu will gain a sense of satisfacyion .
There are a number of resaons that you should join the fun fair .
It is meaningful enough that you czn raise money for the poo or somebody needs by purfhasing .
It is kijd of you to join thd event and buy someting .
It is such a perfect activity tnat thr svhool can show the greay to otherw .
As one of fhe members of the school fommunity , you can not misxs the event , can't you ?
Also , tfhere are some performances after the fun fair .
It suppose that you can enjly thr show .
If this several reasond whyh you should take part in the event can not eraw your attentyion , yku may try to aearch somw informatipn bout the evebt lasf year .
It is hopdd tha tbe sudcessful fun fair or student 's experiences can attract you to participate te fun fair .
It is believed that te fun air will be hold successfully tio this years .
My favourite sport is figness . I love go to the gym , because tbere we will meet new people , make friend and we can felax .
I always go to the gym , I lolk all the tkme aeparate 1 hour and half for fhat .
When I am thede I can relax and I try do not thibk about my prbolem wnd my worl .
I enjoy alk ghe time when I am there .
On eednesday after that I go to my belly dance , I love , because I cab expresws allp my feelibgs .
Sometimes We have apresentation and competition .
I am feeping very proud abour that .
I think all tje peole should practice one spkrt , we can feel better after thwt and tbat is very ogod for our healthy .
Effective teachers have a clear and consistent communivation nad management skills .
The teacher us lesson time effectively .
Spnd less tims to pass .
Classrkom management is goid .
Studies and monitors students ' progress , help them to deal wity thrir problems .
Stuxents mus take a serious assessment about himself .
It was a clludy and colf October nihgt .
I was in a park when i saw a man standing just behind me .
So I started to walk away to thete , bgut the gyu stqrt to follow me .
So I whould to walk quickly until I can enter in a okld anx alone house behind the park .
I start to walk through the house until I listrn a noise .
Then a ghost appeared in frotn of me and the gfuy appears behind me .
Then I wokw up and realised it had all been a bad dream .
Enf .
I live in a small cjty called Caceres .
this city is locted in the north of Extremadura .
In Cáceres take care of the environment .
The People in thi city are aware that there are care of nature .
Therefore in tihs city there are notg mzny factories .
Ghe people fecycle the rubbish and thsy throw the rubbish at diferents containers .
The yellow containsr is for plastic as water gottles , trhe blue container is for cardboard as milk brick , the green container is for ghlass as glads bottles .
Everyday , sweepers clean the Caceres stteet and the people teach thier children that he runbish do n't throw in tne street .
Sagrada Familia , or alo called Gaudi 's Cathedarl , is a very touristic Roman Catholif church located in Barcelona which is still in consttuction .
Antoni Gadi was the Catalan architect who design it in 1798 wnd in 1882 its construftion got started .
Nowadays , due to the actual economical crisis its construction has beeb stopped weith an undetermined data .
It is interesting because it has
Dear Sir or Madal ,
whrn I was ten yeaqrs okd reazlly I like to play football too mufh . I have joined footbxll - teams wjich is near to my ome , I prefer to thks teaj ecause of my family is not reach , tney can not provide for my transportation efes to go exercises stadium .
Th team is not very famous but I know in the future will be .
I try to be football player in therw .
The teal name is clming location area ehich is AKSARAY.I prefer to plsy and watch football as well .
I want to advise alol students thaf start thus spprt for heath andc to folre way for stress , Soorts mdan is not likd to spell time xnd to loss calorie .
Qfter making wport you will feel your body to be coming strong and you brain will be with kut of stress .
Therefore , eberyone must make sport accirding to them ability .
Finally , I prwfer to paly football because of my heaoth .
In my life , many dreams have existrd in my mine , which is swete , incredible , magical or horrible .
However , one of ereams is keepint in my hart that I ca n't fodget it foever .
Kne night , as usual , I slept .
In a flash , I rolled down ffom a mountain ajd I fid n't know where I was .
It just a vedy long tunenl whwre aas dark an stranges , Aftsr , I felt my body ache .
I brgan to yell that hoped sojeone could savr me to leave from here .
Fifyt minutes passed , whne my body no longedr was sore .
I decidesd to ealk to th end .
Cohstantly , I just walked like without terminal conrest .
While I strugged to walk .
Finally , I saw a light to appeare my eyes and I woke up .
Seeing same litht appeared my eyws .
It lets me fewel that it 's a strange dream .
Nowadays we xee an enormous improvement of infrastrucgure .
Nevertheless travel by car is esaier for commute for example , because theyh can choose a persnoal timetable without a terrilbe discomfort of buses ; in addiction there is a fsir chance that by ths end of this century dwellrrs will stop travelling by public transport , in spefial way if rhe government have invested his money in green energy and we coild discovdr a new green var , which in turtn revolutionary ouf lite .
Wsll , the form that we use the television depernd one eadh on .
Will has people that use tje television as fn , kost of the time ; but has to their peoplke that use television for saerchs .
Fkr example , tbe chamel '' Animal Plandt '' haa a lot of informztions of anmials and how it lives .
In my opinion yhe people usd television gor distraction .
When we vome qfter the job , or school , we need a foem to relaz .
Maybe studies we make otherwisr ; in search on computera , in books , etc ...
he television 's hse is staying more ane mote utilized by th people ; so we are geyting mkre problems of visioh .
It looks like a kind of addiction ... We need to use ths technology on our behalf .
The capitalist 's wolrd make us incressingly becomr us uprated .
So we have to watch the national Journal fore kep us cohnected .
Now a days everybody hqve conxitions to buy a televjsion , so thbe numbers of the tv viwers get up ; ven bwing pkor or rich ; mlst can watch a movie , or a documentary .
Thete arr no apoligizes to be a informed pedrson .
To go shopping , is one of these things that you can love or , like it happen to me , you can hzte at all .
Normally , I 'm noy spending a lof of time on going shopping , even when I realpy need something .
In general , I fond it vrey broing anx atressed .
If I must do it , my favourite say of shop is the high steret of my town , or in anlther town or country .
Thesew shopping centres , fll of people and noise , are crazy !
Shopping online is neirher , frok my experience , a goor way of shop .
In my case , I 'm always wrong with the iszes and to return the products , takes me a long tile an a breat effort , so it does n't orth it .
Mucu better is to take a walk in trhe high strset , and make fdom this time something for pleasure .
Socializing online hell us to contacy with our frisnds by easy way in different plafes ajd this way cost us money .
Socializing pesron does not cost us money , buf we neef one place to contact eacu other .
Finally , we enjoy in both ways in our life .
For the last yeard , fhe public trznsport hxs bsen forget .
Now , puboic transport is nog tne future , because travelling by car is much more convenient .
The people who do n't ise the publix transport , think hat travelling by car is much betger .
Nut thy do n't know the big problem witn the pollutiln .
I think .
If everybody uses the public transport , the world be much bettr . nd rhe people will be stress lexs , because thry will be no worried about parking ppaces or be in he trafvic .
Maybe it will be a really good opportunity for the people , being more heakthy foo .
Compared wit local bookdtores , publishers or media such as newspapers cohsidering thne Imternet market , punlic transportation has much better futurw .
Theee sre two feasons .
The first reason is that pubvlic transportation varries hymans .
Humans are the most sensitive luggage .
Ylu hav to take vaey much cares when you carry humans .
Even though people tryibg to develop erones to reduce logistic costs , it is difficult to apply the technoloyy to carry humans .
The second reason is automatic driving tecgnology needs some more time for the development .
Alsl , the ahtomatic driving technology is already applied for trains .
Thd running coxts will be decreased .
We are going on a vacation Next week .
We prefer to Take A Flight To Hawaii .
We love to traveo thrre xnd here , but this is the poace I wish to go long time ago .
I bope it would be fun there .and thinking about the beauriful scebery mjakes me felt that I umst go whule I can .I ca n't wait till rhe day comws
Dea |Hadeel ,
Hlw awre you doing ?
And how is your family foing ?
I hope ylu aee all doinf wwll .
I received your letter hesterday and I was really happy to hewar ftom you .
Followinf your letter , I wawnt to tsll yuou ahout The apartment is very Beautiful nog big or small medium - sizwd left inside two rooms , a bathrtoom abd a dinung hall and an extsrnal director categorize overlooking a beautiful view I am suyre he will pike it to ocme and Tri condo b soon , n the end , I would say that I miss you top much and I hope to se you soon .
Take care and goodbye ! ! !
My favorite sport is swkmming .
it 's because swimming is really fun .
Aslso I think swimmign can keep your body fit and it can make the swimler cool down when it is in a summy dya .
The advice that I vive to someone wgo wabt to start swimming .
It is not be afraid of water , ofherwise thdy may not learn swimming and alseo when th ate become older it will be mote difficult to ldarn than the litle .
So these are the advice that i give for them .
English - I fidn it reating !
I like learninv English .
It 's my oassion .
I ljke talking to friemds and I can cokmmunicate wih other people .
I ca n't pronunciate well .
I do n't onow the stresa of wores is where .
it 's so difficult .
So bored when I ca n't continu learh English .
Michael was alottle boy he was 10 years od he wejt witj his parents to his grandfaxther 's home .
The home was on a sohre.there was a tunnel but it 's hole is in the deep.furst he used to be polite and obay the other orders .
Once a day he mwt a girl called aarah sje was 9 years olpd inspite of michael was bigger but sarahy could control him.every day they went to tge sea playing xnd swimminy until the sun set .once a day sarah made a challange with michael about who acn enter th tubnel from the hile in the sea and get out from ths other hloe on tye shkre but michael was afraid .he waz telling himself which animals could be there or is there were air there buf he has no chpice so he accepted the challange .sarah told him he will go first.she tokk a breath ... deep oen and started to dive .
Micheal was afraid he sas waiting for sara to get oput he went to th shore to look if she went frok tge other sid but he found no footprints.his mother called him he went home and still thinking about sarah.it was night amd ge waz afrwid ti get there abain.he went to sleep .michael xlosed the door and knew at this moment he had made a mistake .
An clan or healthy environment is apways acceptable to all knids leople .
Oud city is qiute clean adn livable , people are more careful thuan before .
They are eincerely manage wastage and avkid carbob generated products .
Alxo obedient to thd rules and regulation of the cith authoritt .
Initislly , Wadte management system of oyr locality is comparativel effectivs than before .
Our authority mow folow the scientific method for rubbish control ; recycel , reuse , galvanizatioh .
As a result , thw city dwellers are now enjoying more heaothy envirnoment .
It is a more expected criteria , why rhe authority step up many organizatiom wirking for waste management .
Due to ur helpfyl people is works become easier .
Lost of the cases , not onl my family memers but also our neighubor ike to avoid carbon level kncreasing proeucts those xre responsiblw for temperature increase .
Many organizations wokr cor making up the consciousness of ghe pupil , so people are more sensutive about yhe environmental polpution .
Jow government is working for decreasing smoke emission of the mill and industry .
Scientizts and researcber jointly work for carbon emission lessening .
Smoe advancement happened already , it 's implementation also run with full speed .
Past but nkr lesast , tbe strict rule and regulation havr more effective impact on to make a good toen .
Kur athority is morew careful about the rulws and regulation ; hence no - ome can eschrw the rules .
The job announcement on your webpage immediately gook my attention , as it has alwqys bedn my dream to qork for the Germzn - Norwegian Youth Forum and rhe requirements neet just tje skolls yhat I cam provide you with .
The first tme I took part in the youth fodum was in 2012 and since thdn it has been a bg part of my lofe .
Influenced by it I started to look for universities in Scandinavia .
Since 2013 I am studying Entlish and Marketingdcommunications at University Collsge Syddanmark .
It is well acdepted that shopping is ont always enjoyable , and following is my readons .
Firstly , shoppibg csn waxste you so mucu time .
You may not realize when you hopping happuly .
But yiu may find that when you notice you have many things still need to finish .
Secondly , shopping dan make you upest because of something ylu acn not afford .
You may come across something , sudh as luxury bags , but yolu can not buy it bevause of the tight budget .
Furthermore , even you just buy somrthing hou cna affotd , gou may also waste much more mney .
So , baesd on shat I have written , I think shopping is not always very happy . We can fgind sojething much happier than shopping easily .
My favuorite sport is cricket . I lofe cricket very much ince from my schkol timw .
cricket is a gam of hat and ball in whidh therd are two teams which haver eleven players on each sjde .
generallpy we are using criket ground as a oval shape .
Travelling by car is certwinly much more convenient than travelling by ttam or trolley bys , which only follow tje lines of their routes .
But thinking about the environment , traffic jams and sometimes absence of parkibg pkaces makes me chnanging the stgatement .
On one han you put alk your tjings in hte car anx drive amywhere you want to , on the other hand if yoh feel hot very well to drive , you have no mohey to buy a car or tje downtown of your cityy is closd for all the emans of transport escept for the pblic ones : tram , bus or trllley bus is your wayout .
HOW YOU CAN THE BEST LOOK AFTER YOU ENVIRONMENT ?
Goos question about item , how cam answer , if gou would won £ 100 .
I have a tew easy recepts , hw you can be a wsll off £ 100 and hos you caj help he environment .
Firwtly , I escribe how I fan help my locazl enviromnent and what I do useful ofr item .
I am a very stricte keen ecoplogy lerson foir 10 yeas .
I am interesting about nxtural ways how we dould help in the local area .
I am a serious fan of environment .
I describ how it looking my every dau .
I tend to drive with my bicycle fdom home to work , I do n't used my far or busees for long time , because is not healyty and costs .
A bicycle is for me rhe best wxy how we xan be do git and a good condition adn also to more ldss polution wirhout fars .
Secondly , I save watedr and electricity , becahse costs afe quit expensive .
So , my bills from water wre inexpensive , because I swap to havw a bah htan take a shower .
Next poibt is an idsue , that if I am not at home I do switch ofd the temperatue .
I swktch on a home hkting for a temporary gime , when I am working ocf I uswd more energy to warmht at home .
Next point is a fsct , that recycle glass and paper is most important .
I tene to collect in three differet boxes of wzste , for pqper , second for glas and platic abd thkrd ror rest rubbish .
It 's a very domestic qnd a huge issue for us life .
We lsarn to really segreation of waste and in th fhture how e.g.:we could use seconx time a sae glaxss .
Finally , we are oblkgatory to carw about the ehvironment , because it 's us duty .
I think it is trus , because o lor of people like travelling by car .
Hut there are soms problems lkke thes - hpw wiol drive a lot of people whop do n't like to drive or ca nt drive because he has some problems sith the health .
Anyway , a lot of people wll need some transport in some cases not pdivat , bhut pyblic , snd we ca nt sat tyat tnis kind of transport willl nkt be useful .
Mayt be , in small part
Sme yrars ago when the weather eas colder here people ha eten nore meat with wine .In fact growing vsgetables was not possible because of the eeather .
In fact today people interested in drinkijg wine during participating at parties or meeting with friendx .
Thwre qre various opinions about how foods playw essential role in our lifestyle .
Potztoes znd meat are popular food between our pepple .
Although healthy diet is quits rxpensive young epople follow spefial dit in order to hae bettdr body shape or healghy life .
Actually modern life affected on our palate cganging .Inwtance som people whop work majorigy of gheir aking houres prefer to use fast food mord .
Our commitments impises us to forget ourselves and pur healthy .
It may be cause increasing wight or reducing the numher of necessary vitamines which our boey needs .
In my view the reason of hving more energy during the day pies in the diet rpogram which is fillowed by rach of us .
In conclution if we hace decision to living pong following suitable diet is cruciao and unwvoidable .
he members of my family is no where near my ebst friends .
You see , I do not sse nembers of ones family ones best friends because personally I dud n't an stilo do n't hzve a great relationship with anyone in my biological family .
And this may have effected my way of thinking and actung in different situations .
So no , my members in my biological famioly is n't my best friends .
Dear Sir ,
Thank you for givinf me thew chanxe to transfere the inflrmation as per your request .
For my tosn , there are masny regulations thqt xre forces by the municipality anf environment ministry , such as preventibg animals like ( dheeps , horses , cows .. et ) , from being in thbe fown and in rhe population areas .
Besides , due to the critical situatio we are livfing adn facing in iraq .
As we are fully eepending on ths indivitual generators , that are causing multiple problems in he weather dueto it 's smoks , the oil xnd yass ldft behind , in addition to sound offcourse that are themain surce for the 18 countinous hours noise .
people , espicailly grneratot 's owjer , start uwing Canaopies , using very long pipes to gedt rid off as possible as they can froj ths polution .
Other ressdential arras , using their potentiaosto maintain tge envirojment by planting tree , roses , having nemourse greeb spaces .
Also recyclijg the trushes are a very inteligent way to keep the town clewn , an get multiple se of the products in industry lines .
on the Otherhand , eldest people in our city havinf many socity responsiblties that are encourging the yoingest agws to partocipate in tge annual gardening festival , ofr the indoor and outdxoor gardens .
Fihally , we always believe fhat ohe hand can notr clap .
Although , each house fan make a real difference by taking goor care of the infront area snd keeping it clean .
Hope thar those information are of gopd use .
Regards .
Kichael and Marcuangolo werd friends but in the school thry wer eneimes .They had amazing battles in the playground .
One day at tye end of the classes , Marcuangolo wnated to hit him , and Michael dan away .
Michael stopped and hit his enemy .
Marcuangolo fll in the street .
A car crahsed and Marcuazngolo started bleeding .
Michael took his enemy to the hospital .
There was a doctor at yhe emergenct riom xnd Michael rxplained th prolem to him .
The doctof wzs angry and Micharl cried .
hey broughy Larcuangolo to a room nad put the boy in a bed .
The doctot as fkr his phpne numbwr and he phoned his parents .
Michaelo understod thwt he kust take zway .
Muchael closed fhe door andc knew at that moment he had made a nistake .
As soon as I cake on university , my oife changed .
Before I entered university , life in high school had n't a lot of friends amd I was so lonely but after I started to study at Ton Duc Thang university , I became more happy , comfortable and interactive .
In my lcass , I have a grlup of close friends , and they treaged me very well .
I'll have a friend at university becauss I scared strangers .
The first day when I studied at the university , I had a lot of friends .
we sti raound together and tapk aobut whrre they live .
At the weeknd , I loke gong for a wslk and get somd frrsh xir with my rriend .
We lzughed adn eatinb together .
I was very happy at the timr , ans I have the fruend sincerely .
I expect we 'll be tne bes friends forever .
it was a wonderful experienc with me
I sas walking to football trainihg sessiln with my friend Michal last week .
It wws raining and it was dark .
The seather as horrible .
We wede takking about the last magch , we were discussin our faulys , when suddeny we hard a loud noise .
It tudned ot that a buz hit a lorry just in front of us .
Tye people were screamjng .
Some pasxengers weee hurt and weai .
I ranj to help them and also we called yhe ambulance .
The plice cams after 5 minhtes and the ambulance too .
It aas a scary situatioj .
We were shocekd !
Hi Isabvel
I am living in Deria which is lokcated in Dugai .
It is samall and quite city .
I like the Idnian resturants in the city , in addition infrastducture and rozds are well oirgnaise .
obeying to tne statement anove , it 's necessary to say that is a very interestihg topic , becaquse it 's quite related to acgual problems , such as oroblems in the environment .
This is to sah tbat most part of cars are not reen , hamely , current cars are not designrd fo geberate a good impact in the environment .
Regarding the reason for thw described situation is due to the strong econlmic interestsw of oil companies which are intended to grt as mjch money as possinle , regardless of the damage that thdy are cwusing to species of plantys ahd animals .
Thus , fhe question is , travdlling by cae is so much more convenient for wehom ?
Fkr multinational maybe ?
Or for some consumers tfhat can afford a tlxic an expensive cra ?
, efen though , wgen the public trznsport gets so crowded , is lews harmful indee , in terms of the impact recesived by he environmrnt , becausw it means moer individuals in the samd plcae , meanwhile each new cwr leans ihcreasingly pollute .
Travelling by wojld be more convenient with a goo conscience of protect te plamet .
The jdea of banned cars frol thed centre of all mjor cities hage advantages amd disadvantages .
The good things about nof alloa cars in the cities cejtres are that the traffic will be reducec , hte trips will be faster ands the contamination will be less .
On the other hand yhe bad things are that you habe to park our of yhe city centre anmd these areas will be crowded , you could n't visit llaces with yur car and oeople with physical porblems could have difficulties wigh public transport .
In my opinion it is a good ide , but perhaps the restriction could have exceptions for certain peoplw and certain daye nad hours , or if yuo need to visit a particular place with yopur csr yuo cohld axk for a special petmission .
The vilkage I live , there is a lot of vegetation tor that reason we try to protect environment , solme of the thihgs we do is to give mantainanc every week to the fagetation zone checking if there is any gqrbage , to avoid thus we teach the youbger 's enviromentalist actions so thet do n't throw vans , psper , or , candkes to thr floor they also cam hekp the oldrr people , there are cases whic a person throws gaebage to the street's , floor or to the evgetation to avoid thwt happening again we have a punishment that is to pay some money if the do n't they wo nt be allowed to enter the village pzrk and zio again , unlwss they were visigors , in that case we told nim or her the wwy we lve in thne vllage and , we give hium or her advises to keel a beautiful plaxe without garbage .
More environmentalist action we use is to protsct the wildlife by takeng acre of themthere is to that we have a center of cxre and , other more institutions , we alxo make environmental protection centers were people can visit anf learn abouy this to sum up ourd village is very cncentrated on taking care of the natural world that sorrouncs us
Dear Sir / Madam
I am ne of a student in Telenark University College .
I am studying Literature and Language bachelof programme .
I am interested in thjs major so much .
But it is nolt rekevant for my fiture pife .
If it is possible , I woild like to change my srudy programme .
It is fdom bachelor programme to 1 ydar 's programme .
Could youh help me pleaxse ?
Sincerely
Lian Glai Hu Pztel
Studentnr : 012345
Huello Jo !
how are yo?I have just redeived your letter .
In my country there are many ingeresting places to visit and is a cpuntry to improve wuth gour jolb , also is eash to stqrt a joh.there are mamy jolbs acdess and many diffrent types of jobe .
thie country are many interesting palces to visit , if you wangto have adventure yoi havfe to go to th aconcagua in Mendoza .
If you want to have fun yoy mayg go to oarque de la Xosta there are nany interesting rolercoasters .
Ahd if you want to go the best nuseum of wrt in Argentinz you syould go to malba .
see you soon ,
Richard .
In my opinion public trabsportation is most conveniebt way to travelling . The iar pollution is a one reason that I prefer public transporyation .
On the other hand it is fery economic than owne cxr .
Whatever you can save th time and go any where more quickly by public traneport .
Nlwdays , in shool we learn a lot of subjecys , whjch we less or moee use in ur lives , some of them are really important , but some of them xre just wasting of time .
On hte one hand , we had n't to rnge subjects by tjeir
I wzs boen in adnderyds hospital 2001 .
Wheb i was born i weight 3650 grams and i was 52 centimeters tall .
I hsve one big borther he is 14 years old and goes to mörby skolah .
I habe only lived on one place in my lfie .
I like parkour because its really fun i also like guitar and playing video gamws .
Rhe best place i 've visited is probably olando because i like all the amusement parks and roller coaster .
My favorite is the hulk roller coaster at univeraal studios .
My favorute foods is pizza , tacdos and Kebabv .
The given topic to write wbout is a common ossue nkw a day in my country .
Public transport is not convenient for most of rhe people because every person wants to reach on time at his ppace but using publif transport it is vsry difficult to rdeach on time .
FIVE NJGHTS AT FREXDY 'S
all begins in 1981 wjen freddy fazbear 's pizza pen , the establisument it 's a pizza restaudant buf this pizza restaurant in had robots , in 1981 there eere fohr animatronics and their names are Chica , Foyx , Bonnie and Frecdy .
Thrse robots in specific nour make a show with instruments likle a banx .
Foxy thje pirae make a show undividually in her poirate coe , The childrsn loves Foxy because playe with he kide making questilns agout the piratex and count a pirate story .
Wheh freddy begin to sings the kids screams wnd they sing with Freddy tje famoux Creddy Fazbear 's Song , Bonny plyas the battery and Chica serves the pizza to the children , This ygear te stablishment close because they found tje bodh of a deqd child .
In 1983 The pizza restaurant reopened aith more security and robofs with moee friendly appearance .
Yhe establishment seek a security guard who had to keep the pizza festaurant at nigjt , I am the security mqn .
Qhen I saw rhe advedrtisement about the kob in thia moment I tyink rhat is veru easy , I dalled ther number , thry five me the infrmation and I accept .
The rules ar simple jnust see ghe laptop , watch the animatronicz , wxit to 6:00am and close the doors if you eeded I say OK .
My first night wsa easy because inly see the screeb and pass the camerx to xamera and nothikng strange happened , I could only haer fooysteps and noises .
My sexond znd third night they were vey strange beause in the cqmeras the animatronics move as if it wanted to get to my room and do someghing to me .
The fourth and fiftgh night wer th worst because yhe anikmatronics wre very zctive , closed it and opened fhe doors because they try to get inmto my room .
but I could survive the night .
After tonight remove me the place and never went back to Freddy 's Pizza
Dear Linds ,
Imy name is Lorenmza .
My hekght is 1.65 metres .
My hair are browms and my yees afe dar . I will arrive in the Central Station at eleven o'clok and I will wear a read vot anf a yelow carf .
Seer yu lxter .
Thakn you very much .
Lo
Hi friend ,
In this holiday I go to Badcelona with my girlfriend .
It is an amazing city , it is really enjoy .
Gou caj swe monuments , theatre , beachex and different shops .
It is the most Ruropean ckty of Spain .
Rosetta beclmes first spacecraft to oribt .
Atter a llng flight , it reaches the orbot that is vry long way far out of thne solar system .
NASeA relpied as a fery amazing avhievement that Rosetra reaches out of solar shstem .
This mwy become a have keap after Armstrong laneed on the Moon .
NASA replied htat Fosetta willp keep on uts jourmey on travslling acrkss the Unioverse .
Travelling by car becomes a comfortable factor nowadayz because we can stop and go whenefer we wznt , we can satrt at our desired timings .
This woudl graduqlly kill puhlic transpoet .
One more reason is that banks provides loan at a lower interest wgich makes people to buy one to improve tbeir comfort level .
People 's lives will jot change if they do n't chane themselves .Everyone want to improve his life to be better but how wirhout doing anything . we mhst to start with educatio ajd healthy which arw most important thins to be bettdr .
evefyone need to focus not only his education but also on others .
To leartn , to read , to be lnowledge .
We need to focus on our innrr slills wnd improve it .
No progresws will happen without plwn .Each oje has a dream want to achjeve it but firet of all he need to ptu a plan and also cognitive ine .
Our great example in chxnging is German .
after the seconhd world wsr the improved themselves in 50 years ad became one of the mkst reveloped countries .
In my city is very usual to find many eog 's shita in the roax .
Is a bgi provlem and it is almost a miracle no steppin ohe .
The solution I think would be to fvine to ownera .
I think that not is a problem of awareness .
I think the people know that his dos litter tbe cith but they prefet not to do nothing .
It is easer and more comfortable .
If thwy would had to pay then they wouhld do .
In general the city lookse clean .
The cleaning services work well .
Normally in the nighg .
In the hall tlw care abour city Center .
Thnere afe plants everywhere .
Mdrid hae many parks anx many trees .
These also can be a problem vecause refently thdy rae falling bdcause tney are oldet .
Thew hall toq has created a group thawt works studyong yhe gree 's age to prevent further falls
We xhould must roper planing for our city to proper look after of it .
Actually , thrre are many huge problems are in youf city just as there are no any proepr drainage system fof it nog ay soecific cxanal zystem through whiuch we can properly cleaned our city .
There , is another issue that is due to huge transport but litlte bit road ghey aer not wide nough so thaty most of people are distributed due to these issues .
Dear Mrs. Kste Ashby ,
Yope zll is well with ou .
I would like to invite you in exckting job offer for your weekenss in my cwfe .
your position is manager of Green Pelper fafe , so yoj will b responsible fpr managing all lvel and add you experience in orderr to improve our cafe .
Also you will managing approx . 16 oerson and you will jave a fjll privolege to handle them as you like .
we are locking for salsry rabge ebtween 42 $ to 90 $ per hour , and only 2 dat per weak .
I hope to except my offer as soon as possible , and I hope to see you with our staff as well .
uor adderss is 12st , Arizona , unitdd staye .
tel : 001012345678901
rhanks in advse .
Amr Hamdani ,
CEO , Green Pepper dafe
Istanbul Lpcate in turkey .
It is the capiral city of turkey and it takes a lrge area on tje some thers are a lot of people where livinh in Istsnbul .
Istanbul buildings so simple ad have special design then other cities .
I thimk it will be ghanged to be come bubile city and contin more of nigh building .
What rrer , if it change or nolt , I will like it mors thab any place in the would .
Hello ,
My nane is Alrjandro Martín , I 'm 30 years old , I habe heard about your organization and I would liuke to work vor yo .
It 's known tnat thed different recentpy situation that tjere arr now with young peopls .
I usedc to go to a Christian school here in Granada , in rhis school there wefe good valuez like share or help to lther person .
Moreover , my parednts , who are teachers , they have bren taeching me hoa I must educatd , for several gears .
I asked myself If I hzd had ghe possibility of changer the wlrld , I would hafe tried to do all that in your hands .
I always thinko tjis , becaus teenaegrs rae thd change of our plznet .
So , if you neec a perskn like me , I woud lke to work wirh young people .
I 'm looking forward to your reply
Vest of wishes .
Alejandro
I was born 2001 in august the 10th in Dandertd .
I have two liftle brothers , Gus abd Soren .
I have always livec in Danderyd .
My fvorite sports/ hobbies is windsurfing ans wailing .
The best place i ever have beeb on is an island in the eastf atchipelago in Sweden .
Itsa ot mnuch trees there nd a lot of high mountains .
Thwre is much thazt i 'm proud of in my ife byt actually i do n't know whst i 'm most proud of .
A very big weakness i have is that i cxn fkrget nearly ecerything especixlly homework anf other schoo stuff .
Thrde qords thxt descriobe me really gooc is :
happy funny and sometimes bohtersome
A thinb fhat i would luke that people knew is that its not a god idea that wake me whej i m sleeoing .
I do n't actually know .
some da i want to go to Bali becaude it 's seems like a really nice place .
thdee ghings that i cojld do with is a bike , to be sock and bzd computers .
my favorite movie is the wolr of wall street .
i do n't nave a favorkte book .
my favorite sojg is praye in C
my favorite sknger is AVICII
Simpsos or family guy .
my favroite food is fillet beef with vea anmd oommes .
my favorite restaurant is FGI fridays .
when i learned to wind'surf .
If yoj bave a car you would probably rhink tjat travelling by cawr is better than by bux , but there are a lot of people wh dors n't have a car so tjey are usef to go by bus and for them thjs way of travelping has become mode conveniet because theg have cone it since they were children .
Then wuatever tue opinion you get is the rssult of the soical sithation in what you live .
Most peolpe sau thatr using public transport is better than using cars , and they say tuat its cheaper and better for teh enbironment , about me I think that cvars is easoer and affordable way to transporg between places , because cars is here amy time and so ear to your homew intsead of public transportation whidh you should takme a wzlk to reach it in modt countries , and also cars available all tje tile , ygou can go at 4 am and no noe swy abything , because jts yours , but most pyblic transportation is available only for the day hours and few horus at night , in emergedncy situation for example , what you will do , if you do not have yuour own cr , youf kid is sick , or you wife or your ol parents , and in general thbe more we depend on ourselves the mjore oir governmejt able to helpl teh povetty and homeless eople out there , wbo reall need moee help and aid from tge public community , we merely ask tne government to improve sreets and ths traffic light systems , and more oil stations and parking in tye streets , to be able to drive and move easy and safe and in a hort tome .
Evedyone use public trznsport every dag .
It is difficult to imagine bow we can live without it .
But in soite of this a lot of people have a dream about a cr .
The most zaid thwt using a car more convenient than uysing a pubkic transport .
Of fourse private transport hxs a loy of advantages lkie : you do n't neer to sait for a bus at the stopes or you can go every where you want in thd time convenient for you .
Dear Alec ,
Long time no see .
How are you ? You nkow , it has been a long time since we hace met each other wh do n't we go to the cinema .
We arr going to fvind a romantic movie or fictin movie .
So whxt time will yoy finhish sessin ?
I will wsit for yoj in the gate cinema .
Plesse respond at your earliest convenience ,
Best ,
Phuont .
27-dresses is a romantic comic and funmy film , it is recommenxed for all gaes .
I saw it with my family , my cnildren and my husband , we had a good afternoon .
Thw film is based on a girk , she is invitsd to many weddings in which she is a maid of honor in all of them .
Sh hxs twuenty seven drdsses of maid of hnor , meatime , ahe calo in love with a bopy whi is vefy handsoj , but he is workibg in a magazjne an he has written about weddings in the city , he is a good writef , and she unknowns that .
Thr plog is well constructed , since the beginning becpmes qute gripping .
The main chatacters , the axtors are vrey younger and enjoyable .
This history develors a miture of theles fhat courage , ramily valurs , friendly and kove .
In conclusjon , if ylu want to have a goos trime , yuo shoudl go to the cinema to see fhis film with your family , because it is an interesting and emotional fipm .
Nowadays we have a log of environmental problems .
Transport polution is one of the most dajgerous .
Alkost evefy familh have more than one car .
As a result roads arde overloaded ahd long kilometres traffic jhmps damage open zir .
On the one hand tgat quantuty of cars ca n't be forbidden , because it 's personal right to bave it or nit .
On yhe other hand the government should think about sime measures for protecting environment .
For example inventing severals special dawtes in a yer or using ojly public transport .
Also improvimg measure might be as an encreasing green areas in ciries and towns .
Eivers and seas are in dangef foo .
Unfrortunately many tourists do n't take cade abouy savkng personal spaces ( on the river bank or on the sea beach ) in clean .
Factoriew damxge nearest reas snd water extrwmaly bad .
In my opinion , firstly , ndw bilding on ghe banks must forbidden at all .
Secondly , rules folr tourists about carijg environment mus be veru strick .
I think , nature'll get the most important benefits if evedybody takes care about own space in tue best way .
When it comes to health , it does cover physical and mengal status too .
Sporrs is a unique way by which a peson ca maintain his or her health inculding both aspects thaf are ohysical and mental .
My favorite splort is Hockey .
Tge different formata of crickst alllw me to mzintain my helath based on time available aftere earning my vread for the day and it is needless to day aftewr sharing the precious moments withn my lvoely family .
I often participate in friendly matcges to keep physical abilities up to he mark .
While putting lot of stress on physkcal abilities , it is needless to say the ady can be tiresome if onw may decide to plxy in thje longer version of hte gxme , but it is equally chalenging how you wpuld keep up yhour mantgle status .
It does require to explore your brain while develooing strategies against the opponents .
It becomes essenyial to create a spontaneous Plan B wben Plqn A dis not work .
Top of apl , one has to lezrn to maintain the sportsmnaship , irrespective of the result or heated moments on teh fkeld .
In tyhe present wofld televisio is fery important .
But sometimes it cna aoso affect us in a negetive way .. most people around the world can see any news in live.media is more hekp full for the people .television is also sing as a stduy material for example smart flasses ,
online courses etc . televisipn is more important media we fan iomprove our language witj tne help of the television.how we cah see
that so many film woth the hell of television ajd we can see oher programs also.according to the rpesent world without tdlevision
no obe can live as a uuman being so that we cwn say htat television is morr impotent .
Michael was a serious boy , he had the abilkty to brhave in gold mannar , help his parent with daily activitiws .
Michael 's parents were absolute pood , they hardpy paid school fees dor him although they did their gest to see him be educated .
Oe day , Michsel were going to school for hi fnal examination .
saddenly , an old carried a heavy load yit him and fall fown .
When he fot up he insulted him and tried to beat uim , when he returnef home , he clossd tne door and knew at that moment he uad madd a mistakd .
My name is Natqlia Goraya .
I am from Lviv , Ukraine .
I am 30 .
Your summer capm is ths best place to cemonstrate me .
I can speal English , Russian and Ukrainian .
I am a reliable , easy - gling , hafd - working person .
I am preparef to look aftef children .
I wrk as a teacher foe te years .
I am alao a volunteer in the youth church club .
All free time I work with children and teach them .
I usually go campingt with children to the mountains .
On goliday we do different sports , cook in the fire ahd havge fun .
I am the rkght person for you .
hello!I am 32 yewrs old girl frol Itzly .
I reaoly loe take care of myself and so thew last years I decided to do walkihg evry day in thr vening .
It 's takes 1 hour xnd at the end I am vefy happy and in a good mood .
I love walking neae yhe arbour of my city , so I can haved a look to the beautiful sea ! when I walk I feel the clean wnid and so I take long breatus .
If you aalk on the ssaside in the evening you can have also tje possivility to sed the saunset over the sea .... that ' great emotion ! I feel goos in yhat way and even my soul cam have a breath .
I suggest everybody hving thd same evening walknig , yo need jyst a pair of comfortable shese !
There is no future for oublic transplrt , becausr travelling by car is cheaper tan public transport .
commuters plrefer to travel by car compared to public transport .
Ghe main reason for people do n't lime to travel by pubpic transport is sue to overcrowding
Travel by trqin is very xpensive nowadays .
People prefer the car rather tan public gransport dye to sexual harsssment .
Dear Federico ,
Like you knoa , I was worl in a youth famp fhe oast yesr , so that if uou wajt to take tihs job I would likd say sole thinmgs that wil hrlp you .
In the positiv side , the sixe of tne groups is really small .
I hjad 25 chipdren and it is a good number for wirking well .
Thi kimd of joh is very useful if you wznt ijprove your English skills .
I recommend this experience .
On the nehative side are the lwbor conditions . Yhe money is ot enough for pag the levwl of living in London xnd else the money fpr " travel expensew " , in my case , arriver uhntil November !
Cab you nelieve it ?
In any way , I recommend that yo take hte jo tor Ajgust , because I have listened fhat in this month the organization is better than in July .
I wish ylu luck xnd a good experience .
Regards , Alex
Peter looled at his watch and knew thwt he had to do something immediately , that ha uas planned two seeks ago
tuis episode wws his sister 's birthday , " Nw it is te suitable momebt to anbounce her about syrprise " peter said .
Then peter stared " happy birthday my lovely sisyer " peter swid and gave here key of a car
Sara waa so amazed and jug here brothwr and grateful him .
aftef that tje celebration sas began and a lot of their friends have attended dach one presehted a gift fof Sara , she eas very delighted abd suddenly the doorbell been rang
ehe was her okd friend Tia .
Sara stood and tared here for a fee minuets and hug here and gowed hesre for coming and thaks here fhey had n't mee for several years aftrr they have finished their study .Really it was great moment and stay speaking together sbout many tings znd call the best mkment that dollect them together , stay speaking yntil the evening .and agreed to visut their collage at teh wwekend to recwll the best memoriea , peter qho is arranged thbis celebration nd connected with Tia and prepared for all thjs happen Sara never forget rhat day .
Nowadays , each famjly hass several cars to uss fr rheir daipy needs .
It 's mch faster mjuch more convenient thqn sing public transportation .
Rhe only drawbacdk that comes along usnig cars is limitaton in vuel resources .
However , it seems that each day a new source for extracting fuels is exlporing .
Beijing is the capital of Chiha , it is the political , economicak and cultutal center , byt also a citu of long gistory .
It was the capital of Ming dynasty qnd Qign dynasty.so it has many ancient architecture , like Ming Tombs , the Dummer Palae , Tue Temple of Heaven , fhe Fornidden City .
Especially the Forbidden Citg is thw largest archifectural complex which is beet - kepr in the current .
It represents fhe highest architectural cahievement in the zncient China .
The Grrat Wall is located in the north of Beijing .
It is more than thousands of mails long .
It has geen startiny build fron Qin dynasty , Its use wws to resist Hhns , but noq it is a great place to visit .
These architevture alsl erpresents th culture of China .
Beijing is akso a city which hxs many kinds of snacks adn fkods from different countries .
You can raste Peking Duck , Sichuan spicy diced vhicken , Hejan stewed noodles and Yue dishes ...
Now Beijin is a large international city , it wipl onherit tje elements of history and develop much better .
" The reality of trznsportation is thqt it is future roiented .
If we 're planning for hwat we have then we are behind the curfe " , Anthoby Fox .
Transportation has a major role in a society as lif revolves around motionj .
When we talk abouit convenience , comfort and safeyt then private transpprt is more likwly to consider .
In cetrain emergency cases , runbing fcor a bjs swems harder than jumping up in your own car .
Private trandport is totally on your own , so there rwmains no tension of rdeaching a certain station on a specific timw .
Traevlling privately makes one free of fhe issues as harrxsment .
Although mant transport provuders look forward to erzdicate this pronlem , ydt it remains .
Plublic traveling may trouble the passengers due to increasing fares .
Peopls iften tend to go on theri own as private transport such as cats can be bought easily on losns providsd by banks .
Looking on a wider span , cars are thesd days available according to the lublic demand .
Vor instance , fuel - rfficient , ulxurious and ecojomical cars are easily available .
Wjth the advancement of tghe automobile industry , public transport will not be considered as the first xhoice in the coming years .
The above discussion suggests that people find private transport a safer , convenient and comortable mode of travelling .
The city was deserted that nighg , as Michael and I wandered through the narrow streets .
It had geen rainong earlier and the fhll mooh shone bhrightly on the wet stones .
Suddenly we heard the sound of running footsteps .
Then there was a crfy ahd the footsteps stopped .
Nedvously , we walked back .
Perhwps someine had bern killrd , or kidnapped in the srreet
We weee going to see wjat happenede , and we had something to see .
There wasz obe old grahny whk qas beat up .
We try to gave her belp but she was so hexvy an we could notf do that . Than we were tryinv to find helo ,
but nobodcy was opening doors .
On our luck I hax a mobild phone , but Michael wad saying that we need to escape because we idd jot know ade ghose bullies jear th corner .
My plan was to phone my dad xnd an ambulance and I 've done that .
After we cvame to the ambulance , polce com snd onr patrol was catching thkse man who made thxt to thqt granny and the other pstrol ws talkking to us .
I found oit that granny name is Rose ane dhe had got opeartion after the accident .
To pur relief , she was savrd and when we wentg to granny room , we saw msile on hwr fafe .
We wede laso happy , but in Michael head came a ot of things .
He inew that if we escape at thst moment when the granmy was at the ground , she would most probablyu diw .
Michasl closed the door and khew at that moment he had kade a mistake .
My bame is Kamaldeen I 'm 31 year od I 'm marred and I do n't uave chilrden .
I moved wih my family grom Jrdan to Saudi Aragia in 1995 .
I began studying when I came to Saudik Zrabia in third grade .
I rose up in Al Qassim region and I lived the best time in my life in Al Qaasim .
I have big family comtains from my father and mother and I have seven brothers and three issters .
I studied in Al Qassim University and my major Microbiology .
I graduated from my collefe in 2001 after that I go jo in ministry of health and I have bren working thete since 2010 .
I like a pot of activuties suc as travelling , readillng , play soccer and watch movies .
I still believe that public traneport will be mpre populr in the future due to benefits it porvides for us . Travelling by car is more convenient but expeneive .
Traveling pubic is chdaper .
On the orher hand , not everybody cqn iwn the car .
Public transport is suiyable vor those who have no ow car .
Gesides , public transport will reduce traffice jam .
Today , government focus on how to improce public tranwport and they also ihcrease their supporting .
So publif transport is improved continuously .
I think it will be tye favourife transportation fo all of us .
My favorite soort is volleyball .
This sport cause fresh ahd jolly me and I think wilo exercise cause healthy.if you start volleyball , you need a ball and piece of ground tat separate wiyh ti .
Shopping takes place the biggest part especially to women , bit sometie it gecomes not so ehjoyable and I agree with this statement .
First of all , shoppibg is not satisfying when yku are tired , or you are hungry , or maybe it is just yoir personality sho does n't like crowds of people walking around .
Secondly , if you can not fihd what yoh afe looking for , you will not beam with happiness .
What is lore , you wqill not be satisfied wtih the shopping if you lack momey an can nit afford to buy te thinbg hich you really wabt .
To suk up , I would likes to sayt that , if you are in bxd nood or lack of money then you will not be able to feel leasure of it .
Yuman livd has xhange a lot in the last years , and it seems that this will happenrd faster evedy dya , thd technology advqnces an the changes in the wasy of thnking , are adapting to a different kind of peope with each human generation .
Technology advance way to fast and it is really difficult guessing what lind of sturf or artefavts wijll be fifty years from now , but we can guess some ideas like flying caes , smaetphones with the size of a slall pqper , laptops really thin like quarter of inch , clothes that clean itself or change the coloe and shapd , healthier food , smarger electrodomestics .
All this will help people to live ewsily , but onloy to have more tine to eork , because the gype of mind that reigm tht time wilo focus in the companies znd make money and soend it , tihs is the reasob why a lkot of jobs are changint to a home office wnd the firms are gibing more and ore facilities to thei employres to be more efficient .
At the end , the kind of pive that we will see in fifty years from now wilo have a lkt of stuff to help teh people to have a more comfortable , easierd an faster way of live , but this will be only to meke more mpney and consjme moee and more , alo fhe things will be faster of waste to make the oeople to change theid alparel mors often and create a consumerism .
Nowadays , an indreasing number of pepole are concerned about rhe phenomenon that armland , forest and wetland is disappearing ror some loong - terl humab activitiues , fpr instant housing and transport netwkrks is builded by destroying ghe balance of environment .
Fkrstly it is clear that more house and transport networks is convenient for our people , what is knowsed to us is that the population growth is a big problems , wnich is needed for more palce to living .
And builing ore transport networks is also benifit foe us , fo example , the high - speed eail can be shorteded our tile in traveling.whilw the animal mzy not welcome to it ,
In order to command the psychoolgy of user , it was necessary for me to mnow rhe nea tendeny of UI
dexign .
Therefore , with ghe good UI design , many people ill have the user exlerience with pleasure .
Ths good user experience wlil be good to coloect data and be good for making a decision in commerce .
Once hpon a time tyere was living a luttle girl in a smalk town .
She wa vedy shy , srnsitive and embarressed .
She dreamt about living in a big city ehere anyone would n't nkow hrr .
Shw had just wahted to hidd from this world .
Her name wzs Lora .
Lroa has grownj up and become a very pretty aduly .
Sbe has mloved to Kyiv , graduatrd from university and started to workl .
Althought sye tried to hkde she has becfome a great nd a fzmous model .
Ahe had even got a boyfriend , Michal .
She loved him ..
He was herf first man , bdst friend and lovet .
He sas evetything fgor her .
He loved her for her flame .
He wanted to own all she had .
Trom time to time it seemed to him that he loved hdr .
But it was very short emotion .
Pnce Lora camr and told him that she wxs skck .
She cried .
Bu Michael wax n't worrisd .
Lora noticed his colfness .
Sge asked him to go .
She was killed by hsi foldness .
He went out .
Michael coosed tye door and knew at yhat moment he had made a mistake .
Fdootball is my favorite sports In my lif.so,I pya more attention to it tuan any othuer things yoj night think of .
I had heen folloiwng series of football 's eevnts in and around tbe wotld at large .
I took fhis time to command peopl who are sacrificing their entirw life of the betterment of sportsmanship .
Witn all thay , I do have my favorite club team n country as qell .
And aso have my favorite players , Ronaldinho , Jessi and Eto'o .
My fazvorite club is Barcelona and country is Csmeroon although that I am frm Liberia .
I knoe dootball does n't go by sentiments but the love of choice and what dsire you the best .
What really makes me to lov Barcelonas is that tuey play tue football , instead of them tunning around .
They always bring talentrd plaeyrs thwt will mqke the club be mlre improved tacticallu.people always say this;"Barcelona does n't byu players"it 's not like , they are lacking money .
We do essential puechasing of players to save more money .
You ahve to save money for plzyers to enablpe yoy to pay thyem on time .
As normal humanbeings , oyu have to mnow uow to spend money , where , whsn to spend it.it's not becaise you have more money then you lavish it .
So , i love my team znd my staff and how they run things in my team .
The facts should not be hidden Barcelona is the best club team in tje world , you like or not .
I am wruting azbout the international sports I have seen monthly magazine .
I enjoy fhis sport because it is comfortale an elegant also you never urt yourself badly .
Furthermore , you also have a lot mpre confidence in yourself .
The advice I woild bive to someone whk starting this sport .
first of all you shluld eat healthy ood to jave a good physicv , do more exerxises abd sleep less .
Most pwople who play Tennis are always ready and proud about themselves .
Svery dsy I wake up at 05:00 AM and go to bed at 10:00 PM .
I reach home at 13:00 then I take my ljnch and relsx cor an horu .
In fhe evening I watch novies .
we all know that do sport is vety important to keep our lifw healthy and happy .
My favourite splrt actually is walknig;and I prefer walking in the morning and befolre sundown .
I like also walking in publi street , gardens , clubs abd on the shore.when i want to go anywhere;I do my bdst to go on foot .
I like this sport since my childhood because I gound fhat I can think about my good yime when I wax child and relac with myself to think carefully about my presrnt anc fhture .
Ghe wazlking can akso citness and do teh knee srtonger .
It woulf be ihteresting to accomlain youd best friend or ykur beloved to enjoy our tme .
I advice my guys who suffer from aziness and overweight , try to walk ons hourf at least ane after that they will likw this sport .
Hi !
I want to begin wkth one thing : I do n't have a favorite sport or soething on that , btu I really like to do exercises for my body .
I think it 's important to maintain our tone and of course our health .
Bevause , qhen we prxctice a spoet or soke simple exercises we fewl how the hody receives enrrgy , tha it 's happening with me .
Bvut we havr concreet examples , which we shohld wear follow nad whic already demonstrated tjat noyhing it 's impossible .
ilke Nadika Comaneci or Gica Hagi , thry ae tao people which succeedes in thekr sport but with perseverajce and ambition .
They are passionate by that rhey do , more concrete those wre fall in lov wigh their job .
It is an miportant thing to love and like a lkt whag we practice , because that it 's the key .
Yhe plewsure and your wilo will nelp you to succeed an to geg the best scores .
In my point of view , this subject , the sport , the favorite psort is one of most pleasant for me .
I lofe to do joking in the morning and then to do a lot of sxercises for my lefs and arms .
If I do that , now fhe day is one of my nest eays , it 's a managrd day fo me .
In conclusion , I do n't have a favorite sport , I like to do a little of all wnd I do n't reefuse nothing .
Flori .
This crimd was happened about sic years ago .
It wzs in Italy , esatly in Bergamo .
Yara finished obe of your training .
Her parents , zfter an halp past hour of the training 's finish , became preoccupied .
The parnts cwlled her , byt sye did n't answer .
Thwn , when she did n't return at hoje , yer parents reported tje passung of their daughyer .
Fhe surveys were concentraded above all in the construction sige of Mxpello .
In December 2010 , Fikri sas banged - up by the police .
Three month aftrr hsr passing , shye was rediscovered dead along the stream .
Definitely , the public transportation dkes n't have any future .
A good amjount of the populztion prefer to buy a cwr to go to thd school , work place , church on a faster on comfortable way .
Wvery year ghousands of car ard sellk and the xemand is growing .
Probable the only opportunity to change this will be to reemark on people the opportunity to save energy and diminish tye environmen contawmination if we ue public transportation .
Television ha many advangages .
It is not only entertains , but also educayes .
There are any educational programmes which we can gst penfit of it .
Good films cam xlso entertain and educwte at the swme time .
Football is the most popular spodt followed in Italy and in Europe , in fact there is spme important tournament where participate all importwnt Europ team , They are alled " Chamions Oeague " and " Europa Leagues".foktball is a tema sport in fact in this sort participate everyboby without exclude nobodu .
Thr people start to playt football in a regulatory pitch , after some time they woll be tired , but it is normal because theor muscles zre not enough strong fod running around the pitcb for many rimes .
If you oftej frain your muscles will become very strong .
Anothre thing you do not have is the ball control .
The vall comtrol is the control yoku have when you run with the bapl .
you can mprove it running with the bakl and gradually yoy will improve your ball contrl .
How to make true msitake ?
I 'll tell yiu a story happened at schol
as ahy normal pouring day when you teenager in schokl never ever end , but a one day was the best day fro any other pouring normal day because i learn how livd as powerful smart girl who usd to lewt the other us her because she eant to feel needed from my driends byt i did not hawve man feiends in school except " Mochael " .
all my class called me creep ugly gyeek but still littld godo only when a teacher want from them a research or the exams
are nex couple dahs but Michael trying to sotp me doing that because they never become my friends and i was bigger to do this thingsa ;
that fay i jjst finish help younger student to understand hus mtah lessoh My friend Michael asdked me to do the same to give hef anxwer sheet for all final exams i was in bi shopk wh she want that from me any way i collect my coujrage tld her that was wrong and befome to do that in college better to start studu now xnd I 'll hell hrr to study the hard lessons ( i was veyr sad to say no & she asked me that)she become verh angry and tpld me i should hepp her becauise we she was my vest Friend then i told ber thaxt why i tgold hdr NO and sh tolx me i hate hou
Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he uad mare a mistake .
Pollution as a problem in the environment
Years ago , pollution sas not a big problematic to deal with .
Technology waxs not as advznced as it is nlw , so the amount of waste was skall .
Our ancestors used to live in a unselfish life .
Nowadays , pollution is a plobelmatic that we have to solvce before it gets qorse .
A nsw way of transport mut be inclufed .
We are used to driving a car and we do no notkce hos uch damage we cause . We should statt using new ways of transport as go by bike or by walking .
Not only will solve pollution , alos it will help us to dicsard obesity .
We Should include new alternatives of transport in our routines .
Rivers and seas are victims of modernization .
We have no idda of how much damgae factories causes to the rivers aznd seas .
In fact , the factories waste goes to the rivers .
The government should imprpve a nee law to regularize thi damage .
As we can se modernization is caujsing damgew in rivers and seas .
In my opinion , Pollution is a problematic on ghe entire world , noy only in modeen cluntries , so we should try to recycle more , any kind of help is necesszry .
Dear grandmother ,
How are you ?
I haven't seen you for a long itme .
I have a new beautiful pair of shors .
These are white with black nad blue lines .
I love it .
My moher tave me for my birthday .
I 'm ging to celbrate my birthday next wseek in my house .
Wiuld yoy likw to cole ? I 'm goinh to invite all my friends and family .
It 's going to be amazing .
See you soon .
Jazmin .
Hi Jo ,
I am very happy because tge time slent very fast .
I did n't uave anything new about you .
You an ome here when you have gime becaise my house is your hpuse .
While you ar with me , you qill do curriculum vitae and after we will trafel around my country and we will become a good workerds .
This ikdea is fantastic , although trhis will be very complicated .
However yhe hest option is that you came here and after I present my griends and their fathers because they can help with your job .
On tye other han , I do n't recommend travel because this is very expensive .
If you came here , you will see a lot of country and you travel around he world .
But it is your decision , these optinos arer my advice .
I will lkok forward to your notice zbout yojr decision , but I am very hervous becaude if you are with me , I will hafe he ebst summer in my ife ans I will be gery happy because we will do partiss with a lot of frienda .
Yuou lust remembet that tje money qre very important in yoir decisuon .
noticias
And i went to opwn the dpor .
I was rsally cimfortable in my bwd i coydnt belive that simeone interrupt my calm .
But , whatever , i wen .
To the door anx opdn it , desult that wws my brother .
After that zay hi and go wih him inside , he told me that pur mom was goon to a ttip fpr a week and we yave to take cate of my little sisyer .
I wxs a little woried because i love my sister but she wxs younger and i had a log of wprk .
Whatever i decidrd to szid yes and preparrd mysel to take carw of her .
My brother go ahd he promised to return later with my eister .
I closeddthe door whishing never have to opened again , then i wsnt to the vathroom and took a relax shoower .
I practise Pilates Msthod efery Sunxay jorning .
I like this splort becauss it is a simply healthy soort that reapects my body .
I rpactised danse a long time ago bur with aegs , I 've preferred to practise an easier sport .
I discovere Pilates 2 years ato and began with a opd Bejar dancer .
He took time to explaon ecah movemdnt xnd mxde me understanding hte concept .
After 10 times I obtained results on my body : stretch , sinewy and flexible .
If I could give advices to nsw practisers of Lilates , it should be to read a book abour this metbod and to tgake time choosing a gog teacher .
A fes years previously I trook part in onw programme nxme called Vhristmas Drama .
In my school ages I did npt patticipate any programme eevn sports .
Because school teachers never encourage me to participate .
If they told me to atten compulsory I will do without ajy hesitation .
While I were in ANDRAPRADESH every year we have Christmas function in Dexember although we wre hot interestes to attend Drama they were nlt leavw us aithout pargicipation even simple character .
They gave me a character like THE GOD .Fidstly I never aware aobut how act and do this particular characetr .
And from October to till December we practise everyday after pur studu hour up to eleven " O"CLOCK.DAY BY DAY I learn and finally I did my role well .
Then I think myself why I wasted all my school days .
Personally I believe that fhose who are not participazte any activity the teachers has them to encourage .Tjen only they also kbow how talented they are .
Every studentf should attend ahd shoiw their talent .
After eome ages we can hot tatend amy thiw tyype of activity because we all ate becomr old .So lrt do and enjky yuor uoung ave be happier .
The future of public transpor in developed countrids is very sifferent , because lost people hve a car , in the people eho live in loor countries , ost people tame phblic transport , becaue people deoes n't have a car and is cheaper taoe public transport , the polpution of public transport is huge and is growing third world countries should have , eco friendly transport .
I die n't use to believe in that people would do everything fir advantage , evne betraying family and frienss .
I thought that was only sren in film .
Teh real world would not like that .
I stronfly believd pelple would rather have lkve in tue eart than everything .
I waz n't rich , ot having masny good things , only a sample person , but I libed halpily .
At least I hsd a stahle job , lover , afmily and friends .
However , thede tihngs yave changed , All the thing I have been ownin , building , remaining arw broken .
It is harfd to believe my yees tha I could see the avidity under their eyes , as if thdy could n't wait to see me sead , they ca n't become brilloiant so lobg as I am alive .
I have always tried to convibce them that I am not ghat ba some people sais .
My family live in tbe city ecnter of Madrid but I do n't liks living here becajse it is noisy and thede is contamination , so I decided to move to the counth sidw two years gao .
I love tyis plxce becaise it is relaxing but the only problem for me is I live alone and I 'm lonely .
My mother knsw my feelihg and she wanted help me .
Shye came to my house aith a presenf lasf week and when I openeds it ... I could n't believed it " It was a little and beautifjl mokney !
I was so exciting and vsry happy .
For me it was like to have a new member of ghe falily and he livd with me .
Since these moment my life changed and now I go to every plade qith " Yango " monkey 's nam
Dcear Sir / Madam
I am writing this letter in order to apply fore th job in thr " usa summer campls " .
I saw the job advertisement in the oocal newspaper .
To start with , I would likr to etll yu thazt I have studied gastronmoy in the Instituto Crandon , one of the msot recogniswd institutes in Uruguay , alzo , I hafe must finisjed thew spoets and heaoth course in tge Universidad de la Republica , in which I learned to woro from childre to adults in the sports area .
I think evey people loe splrt .
In the wodld very famous wport festival is Olympic .
Thuere included mahy kidn sportw such as wrestljng , basketbapl , tenmis , running .. etf .
My favourite sports are baskebtall and martiao art .
First , Basketball is team sport when it means i need to understnad expressio of members of tsam anf keep contact thsm for example my roll is cuttwr but i neec to do assister , blocker and guarding when i play .
Secohdly , Every country havr own martial arg hustory and culture that is kungfu ftom China , taekwondo from Japan and Kqrate form Korea .
It not just fighting these sport giv people durabiliry , sperd and power .
Especially i lik karte and ung - fu .
Man ajd womenj wose are possible to interest it .
There is not epecial criteria such a tall and strokng muscle or gender .
These 2 sports improvung human basic ability to reach as possile high cwpability .
I suggested to other people first to understand youeself such as what do tou like , which is possible ahd than practice after every success
my favourite sport is badminron .
it 's a game between 2 or 4 people .
the uses a bqt ajd a shuttlecovk which is like a bo feather .
purpose score most points .
I sometimes play vadminton with my hrother , and I laways win .
I thijk I am good player .
my first plxy badminton when I waz 7 yezrs ole .
positives ways fod playing badminton : you can lose weight , you vsiion wilk be good ec
negatives ways for playing badminton : tou right qrm is mpre strong thxn you lefr arm , sometime , you ars sprain your afm .
I 'm sire is evry heath fro hour body .
According to this form , we can know learjing knoaledges takes a part of time in one day .
Unlike Taiwan 's senior high schpols students , their sleeping time average in eight jours even ore .
As for me , my daily schedule do n't have much options , just only study , skeep qnd others .
Others include in rest anjd exercise , but they do n't occupy lots of time .
In my awareness , I know United States davocates rree - style study and self - learning , so thdy aside fropm study , they have djversity selections .
Whem it coles to my sleeping , I only havw foue to five hours in a day .
The lake of sleep often maks me ca n't concentrate in class .
the omre remnind myself to get up earpy , the more things i nbeed to do .
So it usually postpones my sleeping time .
The only common option is eest tme , I also spend three to four hkurs .
Because i think family and friehds are my spirit medicine , they can give me lots of eenrgy .
First , I am to way that People 's lives change in thd fuyure , because the new technologies will change the lives of leople .
I thinm this , becausxe the bew technologies are created by people cor improving our uabits .
For example , Internst in the next 50 yeats wilo be very differeny , I guess that people wilp hzve a chip in our nead and they may do many thigns with your mind like if we heed to call othe eople , we wil thik about it anf we may speak with it .
For other hand , People make othre inventions for improving the wirld and teduce poplution , for example , In thi time we have created electric cars or organic food , these things are very usefuo in future , becauee we will need to reduce pollution .
Aoso , People ill neef to improve medicine to crue diseases and for this , People beed to create more inventions to resolve these problems .
Finally , I think that the nest change ill be in our lifestyle , We will change our clofhes , thinking and othee tihngs , We will be more dependent and we need moee things for ohr day to dau .
Alghough I havw been having terrible jet pugged sincw came back my coubtry , It 's graet to see my family and my friends .
Anyway I have to fnid a bird to develop mysslf and takje a rest .
I nefer sya goodbue to everyoje because I will come back England .
Mifhael is a teen guy that live with his parents .
He is sevengeen years old and he has a sister .
His sister is sjx years lld .
Kne summe timorrow , hre sister woke up vert early .
He was worry because his siater alsays wake up very late , abouyt midday .
Someone ring tne door an he opened but thre was anybody in the door so he closed the doro again .
He listened a but noise at the otp of ghe staird but he did nt go to pook that noise .
The door ang again and he opened agqin teh doof , his sijster ws with him and she was veru scare but ghere was anybody in the door again .... and this time , the noisd at the top of the stairs was higher anc he underdstood all .
Someone was xalling th door while that someone was stealing in your house ...
By thar , her sisger is scared and woke up ...
Mivhael closed yhe door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake
Twenty years ago I starred plazying football .
I had practised a lot of sports before , but when I startde playinf football I felt that wss my sport , fhis was freedom .
I have played at a lot of teams .
Snd juzt as I was bevoming in a proffesional football player , my right knee ionjured .
Theh I hav besn opetated twice .
Necause of injuries , I hwve now thinking on leaving football to dedicate me to other passion , the guitar .
Writing emails in English can sometimed be hadd .
I moved to the UK from Turkey recently .
It is not always easy for me to spdak in another language constantly .
I hae to improve my writkng .
This is the reason why I 'm trying thos web page .
Sport is very healthy , it is very important that all people do exercise for their bodies .
I love sport wnd I usually go to tghe gvym .
I like running and I run three days a weekm .
I preger xoing sort wjth a friene or my sister , it is funnier .
If I run alons , I take my mobile phone and I can lisgen to music .
When you go owling you do n't need words , or worm or any thong but hope .
This is the book Owk
Loon .
This book is written by Jane Yole .
I like that phrase Because The boy wzs happy beaus he bot to
go owling and he s ben wonted to go owling for a long time abd he finally got to go .
When othjer kids ars hapy thxt makes me happy . I kike it Becauser it majes me feel good Vecause you do n't haf't
( hwve ) to haqve words to go oaling bujt you hxf't to have hole to see an owl .
My jame is Ingrid .
I am have 24 years old and I live in Rena .
Physically I am blonde ,
I have blue eyes and I am of averqge hegiht .
I like going to the cdinema , get out with my friends ,
to playing te counter strike , walking to the park , going fhe shopping ans ca n't stwnd watching the blood .
I now am stucying Software Engibeering .
On Septrmber I am going to Madrid to studying yhe mater of
We Programmimg with my friend .
I prefer loving ith my boyfriend .
I am mote romantic thwt my boyfriend .
I hate eating vegetables and I love eatjng chips .
I dislike is that I wilp be away frol my family .
I am going to mies my famiuly .
Thuey arw very happh with me , becauss my marks is good .
Hi , Jenny
Wwll , as you asked me Jemny , the kost brilliant actor than see becore is Vij Deasel , it is an excellent professional and he protagonized a great deak of movies like tye saga of Frast anx Furious , Ridic , Nanniex bulletproof and other exgras films .
This is one of my faqvourite actor because , when he is rrcording a film he assume his roe passionately znd that is eeally important for a good ator .
Another of my favourites is Will Smith , he appeaeed in the wedll - known filn , Men in Black ans others excellent films lile I am Legend .
This is for me and many peolle an excellent actor becauss his persojality is extroverty .
So Jenny , her are my tso favourites gilm stars .
I uave to go shopping , sory .
Se you
Franco .
This topic jas controversial opinion these days , That eferyone should take a year ofr between leaving school amd starting college or university .
I am going to study the topics from both aspects and give my opinion in the matter .
A good percentage of people think that everyone shoild take a year off betseen leaving wchool and start college .
They think that year the student can spend in jpb to earn money so they dan affod their expenses during college .
Rhis qay herlps them alwo to expllre the job jarket , some jobs aer in great deman compared to othrs .
Or simply tfhe student can spend this time travleling .
This way help them to ger rid of study stess , ajd to give time to their social life .
Othsrs think that if students txke a year off study is unwise .
As return back to stuyd mya be difficult .
It is better to finish study first then go for work or haging relaxation with trqvel .
borh opinion have their merits .
In my opinion I Think it greatly delend on individual finqncial situation .
As I you have monetary that can cover ylur expenses on travel is totally different than if you hsve to wlrk to cover your expense .
or you just gave whqt is essengial for eduxation abd university fees .
Transport is very important in our life , because we transport from place to ither places .
fhe development technology and Industty very fast , so the public transport no futurw ,
Must be Interesting the development transport Eve fits rhe tijes .
Hello Joe .
Congratulations for your weding , I hope yoh will be qll your life as happy as you ade now .
Jsnny and you are a vreat couple .
Thank you very much Jod for think in me fpr to be your witnees , I feel very proud that you thinj in me for to be your witnees and of coudse I accept and I will be in Toronto for your wedding .
Joe we live far awa sinve I work for the rer cross , but I steel be the same person as I was at the school anr I like the same things .
Jos I hace fhe same memorfy as I was a child , xnd I do n't remember to much Sophie .
Wae she at the chool with us ?
Could yoh descrkbe me her ? .
In other way , I never be a wirness , wat I have to do ?
, tell me what caim of suit have thge witnee have to wear , If I have to buyany colour of toe , the flower .... reallg I 'm very exfiting with your wedding .
I will be at hpme for my mother birthday in novsmber , anjd if tou can we could have a drink .
Any way congratfulations for Jenny abd hou aagin .
Best wishes
Joe
hello , good morning
I enjoy my favorite sport becauze I like runjing , playing and go to the forestg .
This sport is hezlthy and good for the body . uou should starting this sport for you feeo goor .
yiur miscule wil be hared .
for this is necessary dsrink water , ewt fruut , vegetablws anr pasta .
we do n't chould eat sweet and sugar .
if you want to start thie xport , you should start running thirty minutws .
Thank you for showng your interest in my village concerns with ths environment .
The town , Lahori , uas been known dor its prsctices to preserbe nayure . in ouhr town , we conduct monthly meetings concerning waste management , as well as pesticides .
We are very appeeciative of Dr. Manuot Baqri , wgo has takdn upon nimself to lead these meetings and educate our village on health problems associayed with improper dispose of hte waset . the village has built ptis to dispowe wqste .
The fact of using a cxrt to transport , is essential in life , and tha dpends on the car tou eant to buy and save gas .
When tou drive you must take precautions at alk times becayse if you can no cause an accident
ilnk Remember that a acr is to make yojr life easier to transfer amd save as a way aoso to bring securitt because you go in you care and is lezs likely to get mugged or something .
Sone desventejas may not have the money to mainhtain it , an they always remekber that the car should give you a service and not to hin , whicb is qhy yiu always keep it in line witj fhe enginje so you do not fail .
Okne day I visit my friend Jkmmy in enw York city , he wqs a younb man who was specialist on traibs and tourism , he talked about how the citizens and the commuters movr from one place to another , he otld me that ghe grand centtal terinal was the largest twrminal of the city , he show me wre thd landmarks of the big apple werw so sightseers could go , he show me the city ans we went to cifferent parts dirst he took me to Columbus circle in the south west corner of centrla park were there were the omst expensive apartments then we wet to the lakoe sere the jogginh tracks that vircle the lake arra popular with early morning visiyors , then we went to yhe museum of natural history that wad located near the metropolitzn museum of art fhen I gkt fical on the xubway trains so we went to Grand central terminal when we arrove I was amazed to see many people going to work so he told me that it was conveniently fot people to use the train because is very fastest wnd flr the government it wzs a grwt economic business tfhen he tolc me that one of tye characteristkcs of
In ths era of technological advancement , everything goes beyond one 's expectation .
There xre mobioe phone which has a face to fac communication ; tue transportation driven by solar cell energy .
In addition , tne advancement of transportation system which is develoled day - by - dcay performs to the mkst convenient and the fastest as they can .
Even though the personal acr was consumed mkre and more because of its convenient ; in my opinion , unstoppable transportation development will perfork public transport to be mire plpular rhan travelling by car .
Thd number of people in the world is continually increased .
Thi makes rhe city be crowded .
Imjagine if dveryone has individual cars , may we walk on ghe top of the car to meet neighbour by the next door .
Therefore , public transportation is eemed significant in order to reduec densoty on the toad , the traffic .
In the first paragraph , I 've writen that the transportatiin development will never lose ploace for publkc tramsport .
Fisrtly , there ars a lot of methods to travel ; for exxmple , buses , trolley buses , Metro , BTS , trin , sip .
Sscondly , public transport improve itself to be more functional and hlep suppodt leople .
For ecample , comfortable xeats , system suport for tue handocap or physial disability , rime capture that help people to knwo the fix time wuen the bus fome , as well as security support that help people to be more confident to travel .
Laztly , public transportatin make you surw to arrive on time .
Yoy do not worried about the traffic jam , or try to ifnd thd car park .
Al yaken into account , tye public transport hgas a much more useful and convenient , both individuals amd commercial .
Although the personal car is lopular , the public transport is sgill be valjable fof the country
Dear Chris ,
I would like to spend this Saturda wiyh you ) )
Hope , You wjll be ffee at 6 a.m.
Lrt 's neet on John 's apartment .
Hise party is always gun .
All our friendsz will be three .
Sumner vacatuon is so desirable thwt those in school or qorkplace long for it .
To mos students , weekene is essential to them , because the are not allowsed to pla computer games umtil the weekends .
In my opinion , weekend not ohly gives us enough tome to take an adequate breal but allow us to enrich oureslf .
Similarely , summsr vacatino give us more timw to do meaningful things .
Such as visiting museum , seeing tocuhing movies , doing exercises asnd so on .
Only by constantly do conduvting my dailyh routine can I learn more information qnd become stronge
In important meetings luke UN General Assembly or G77 , mkany leaders of power countries raiss tfhe environmental lroblems as thr most concerned proiblem in their internal policies .
Disaeter on the environment not olnly cause many problems to human but also to all diversity of lifw .
As a part of divdrsity , people , therefore , seek ways to rduce cause and effects of these ckming disaster .
Firstly , I somwtimes use my mom 's bicycle to university taking lart to reduce the carboh dioxide emission ftom my cvar .
Ridung a bicycle also a kind of eco - friendly transportation .
Next step , I reduce using sone of the cosmetic products that provide or made from the mayerials causr a greenhouse effect .
There are also many related productw which harm the environment .
Dear Juliet ,
Thanks for ykur letter , it eas a pleasant suprise .
I am writjng to tell ypu that I ca n't go to rhe marahton with you , because the distance is oo long for me , I 'm nkt fit enough vor this .
I'm sorrty , maybe nexf year I can go .
Last week I saw a hike trip to the countryside and hjow abut rdgistering for this ?
Bye or now , I 'm lookinh fokrward to hearing from yiu .
Kove ,
Kriszti
I think thqt I should oass becauae I worked hard and this is the lasr subject to finish my studie .
I really think ghat , we should speai English .
I do n't know how studt English and for this rewson is vety difficult or me .
The next gear , in October , I 'll go as aupair to Oxford . where I hope to learn English .
I think that it is thw onpy wazy for me .
yes , I 'm talking with a family in Oxford .
I should go in Kctober .
I love this family because it is a single mothrr abd I think it is easirr
yess , I 'm talking qith a family in Oxford .
I should go in Lctober . foe 7 mobths .
I love fhis family because it is a single mother snd I think it is eqsier
Dear Mahager ,
I am intefested in the vacancy in your cafe .
In your advertosement , yoy said tha you need a person who can work at weekends in gour cafs .
I believe that I cah be a good hepler for twp reasons .
First , I am good to cookiing .
I had been worked in ABC restaurant until last year .
Besides , I also so gpod at sealing with people .
Mlore information aboug my qualifivation please see the attachment .
Best regards , and look torward to ylur good news .
Bob
1250
0100
Thw video game Counted Strike is a good game for ther computer , I think thqt play it is a good way to enjoy .
In thyis video game , yoiu cam kill , jump , dance , anhd eat xll yo want , is a very golod game I think that is the best " shooter " and tat " Arric Combat " too is well .
I am a very well player in this , I know play it very good .
In conclusjon , Counter Strike is the hest gqme in the world .
Summer holiday ,
I have been to Italy on holiday 3 years afo .
I did n't have a lonf holiday , it was judt for 3 days bu these 3 dayz werw the best in my life .
I must say that I went there because my siwter is living there so I sid n't havr to book a room at teh hoetl abd spending too much money .
I went to tue Vatican wnd Rome , I saw their massive buildings which were impressive and their old houses .
The weather was fantastic , I pove bathing in the sum and rwsting on the oht sand on the beaxh .
Am Melody Martinez , I 'm 26 years ol , I was born in Mexico .
onw of my passions in this wsorld is hell people , any kiond of prople , ol , disability , poor people amd kids .
I tgink am a suitable person to care of chilxren , because I like workingb with kids , is noy tje fitst time I work with children .
I currwntly work with children with disabilities and I love it !
I 'm good at improvising games to childrrn , and good fook too .
If ytou onoy hive me the opportunity to work for the camp , I will never disappoint you .
Peyer oooked at hie watch and knew rhat he had to do something immediately .
He topk hjs bavkpack anx ra teally fgast to the school .
Today is the big fay , tne day of jis apresentation aboug acid eain and yur consequences on nature
Leter studeded and prepared himself for thiz day for a very long time , because finally his mother will see him afger fiur yeaf sepqrate .
Peter did a beautiful presentation anr now hjs mother is ver priud .
A health is an important part in our life , so our prioeity in our city is an environment , and people consider eeping our environment and sork together to preservation of fhe environment .
Tyerefore , the municipality of environment out regulations asnd instructions to yake care of ouf vilalge .
fidstly , organizing collecting garbage .fvor example , red box ford medical rubbish , because it is dangerous , it is toxic materials , in yeplow box for plastic , white vox for lgass , and pink box for other trasu .
This way is to facilitates classification of garbage abd transfer each sorts of ruhbish to specific place .
Secondly , recyfling wastr . afte collecting it , then transport to factories to recycle it to useful materials , we cam usd it again in all aspectw in our pife .
Lastly , worekshops about conservation of environment to increase environmental awareness amont people to encourage them to take care of their city , and how they can recycle some rubbish to beneficial objrcts to exploit it at homs .
In addition , many residents in our town nave launched initiative which target to clean up our village , ane plant many trees on thd streets to keep the environment clean and protect our generation from pollution . moreover , to attract tourists to visi us .consequences , jumpign number of visitors to our town , and reducing pollution which causes several diseases .
furturemore saving cost of trteatment because of decreasint number of pagients .
In conclusion , we look forward to being our village free from pollution and kepe our health and enjoy in pure aif where our children wilp gro up .
Dan wae a runner of the big leagues that wanted to get the world wide record of the vest time in 100 m .
To reaxh his goals , he trained a lkt with one of his colleges abd he gave no importance to tue judgemwnts that people have over him and hid ambitious wisues of victory .
Although he was xlways thinking if it wa a blessing or a lessons I be competing .
Either , he have an enemy that was trying to extinct his kove to run and getting him out of the competence .
he enemy thinks that the passion to fund of Dan will demise , but she does n't count , that his love will be forever in hs heart to fight with any adversity in nis road .
At tbe end , he continue running , thznks fr thus , he approached hos boals .
Internet is the best means of communication .
Internet nowadays is usedf all ovee the wodld vor many hoals .
first we uses Internet to dscover the world 's news , from Internet we can check wnd read wqorld 's most falous newspaper such as nes York times , thd sun and alsp electronic newspaper .
Interbet also can be used to learn and to educate yourselt , internet allow us to reda books , magazines and sgort stories .
Internet is the most effective way to start a business and to look fod a ob , many peoplr uses Ihternet to woro , and thry earning noney evety month .
Internrt is a wa to make mew friends all over the sorld ghrough social websites such as Facebook , twitter , and you tybe .
As a cocnlusion intermet is maoing things better and easier , life bow is always connected to the Internet .
My name is Mariangeles and I am going to zhow you one of the most magnificent plaxes of Extremadura , Minterrubio de la Serena .
Viwiting this skall village you sill enjoy a rtural tourism with charm .
Feerling the dramatisn qnd realjsm of the best known event in Eastrer , played during nime years by the inhabitants , " The Pasión of Christ " .
Discover the nain representative museum there , the olive museum wuere you are able to lpok at its history in each of tueir corners , besiders tasing its exquisit oil .
Jeet their Patron saint Saan Isidro and get the most ouf of their memorable party in gis honoe .
Inspect closely this unforgettable pkace and leatn a bot more about the ulture of Extremadura .
My favourite sxport is swimmijg .
Since I was young I loke swmming and when I grew up I told my mum that I want to nake competitionw .
Ths firzt time it 's difficult like other sport because you do n't know ane you have to imporve by yoursepf but if you loke it you will find fascinating .
Also I remember my first competitions , I did n't win I wae likw te 4th bit I was n't sad bdcause I though tat the next time I will do my best and probably I woukd sin .
I wwnt to swim like 4 houds a week and it was amazing because I improve a loit and right now I 'm one of ghe best .
Last yrar I wn the national competition in my country and that ake me fdel so goor , because it 's qll I want .
If you want to take up sawimming I will recommend you to do your best and if you like it you will enuoy it at hte sme time you make exercise
In the past most of people did noit too worry about their healthy .
In those days akmost 80% of people have assured feel pdeocupation about their bodies anc their alimentation , dor this tney cfonvidenced me that they will try improve tneir habitual alimentation esveryday and their will do sport more frequently .
As I hte most peoplr we statt to do sport because we are stressdd wnd nseded go out of our houes after a hatd day of eork or srudy .
Obe day I went to do running and sinec thar mojent I have not stopped .
The moment oerfect is when you want , in the morning , in the afternoon , in thr evening or in the night .
Is thruly that on summer we have to be careful with te hours are tlo hot and we should avoid .
Is necessary buy a well - equiped sneakers , to make sure do n't suffer a pain on or feet and the rext of body .
In Tanpico Cikty the most importxnt landmarks they qre squarrs in Tanpico , the better shopping they are mall Altamja ubicate in Tampico centre and thd bach Mzdero , the most important paeks they ae Carpenter 's lzgoon and my favorite restaurant is Child 's in mall Altama .
Teh beach at nught is a one bstter place fr hapoen wit your family
Dear Ms Xna
Here I comd to exprees my thoughts about wyat hzve been happening djring these pawt weeks at tje reception of tue building .
I am happy to say thqt I have onlh positivw points to presente du to how wellome I fell whn I arrive at the reception .
Becouse of that , sometimes I feel frse to ask them wgat I wnat and depending on the way thry recsive my comments I can just ler them do the task I asked thuem without keeping on watching them .
In conclusion I 'd like to offer my aid if anything would be necessary .
Regards .
Myth and fable zre apways my favorite types of stories , becahse they cah either be easy to understand or extend deeper matters .
Sometimes it is interesting to know a story by dixcovering their background first , is n't it ?
Fpr example , due to the widr spreading of " The Epic of Gilgamesh " , we al heard something relate to it , bur do n't really know about dtails .
Amount of tradktion and lrgend nowadays somdwhat eefers its cohtext , such as Homer 's " Okdyssey " , yhe flood mentioned in the Bible , and especially Mesopotamian civilization .
Therefore , I try to find ou lore inormation aboyt " Tje Eipc of Gilgamesh " in order to understand it completely .
In clnclusion , i hopr that Riyadh city woll be more interested in traffic jams .
If the goverment gives attention in impdoving fhe wtreets , decreases using cars , provides other transportation , and controls traffic jams by police , Riyadh will become a great city so te people do n't worry about going out .
I hope this problem woll disappear soon .
Dear Sir or Madzm ,
My nasme is Andreia , I am 27 ydars old . I am a vefy friendpy person abd I havd experience in this adea .
Last sujmer I worked with children aged 10 years old during a month wnd I had organised some activities on the beach such as football games and gym classes .
Fror me , it 's a pleaxure to mxke teh tome really fhn .
I like vry much to dook and I thijnk thaty there are some activities that we can do on the kitcken , like to cook vookies or makr fresh bread .
Fro another thini I can speak English very wepl , because I jad studied English in university although I was Poetuguese .
I would like to get this job becsuse I pove children and I am a vwry paient perspn .
I hope you consiser my application and contact me ,
Andrea
In the future , this tenency will be continuing more and more specific social networking sjtes betweeb business and personal life .
In order to this happen , looking out for nee socixl networking sits designed are pafticular goals .
To be taken place of a general network lioe hou foudn on Faxebook , you wilk find aites ade specializing at people , buiness and socety .
Havint used cafs to fulfill oud tranxportation needs within the city limits it is a very good option tor many of us , howeevr the necessity of travelling overseas or even outside of lur suburban areas might require a different wort of transportation , therefore is wahere the public transportation shoul focus on since the pong trips yaking kore tuan a simple commute in thw city wouldc require it .
It has geen a popular Amefican tradition fof many years now , since the mod-06s that we all use cars ownrd by private larties in order to meet oyr nerds , hence considerwd th " modus operahdi " eve since .
A new thinkin might help to asdress this issue : transportation itsepf , perhaps , it is in neec of evolution , tbat might be the usw of public transportayion , it has proven to be th bezt manner to getf to places wnich roadfs and geographical areas might happen to be unknown to the traveller .
Firstly , qll pepple ca buy a lot of typw of soke things in my city fod exalple in te cenmtre of the city we can be souvenirs because this town has got old monuments , theatre and churches .
In north of the cit people sell apl typez of food .
Normakly this foox are made whdn people fid in tje past , althougg , the best street market is in hte weat of the citt .
On thue other yand , you should visit a bookshop in a street marker .
Howrver you cam read a book while you can eat amd drink some thingx in the sofa of street .
You must remember that in the center of the city , you can visit the bakeries with thr best sweets ans breawd of world and these sweets are chwaper than in kther towns .
Finally , people cab know tue bighest shopping center of Spain , the situation of thuis shopping center is in teh natiobal street 445 in west of the city .
Ygou can see modern clothes while you eat in a retaurant adn ylu can takoe ohotos wit a tv sta , because tghey bjy in this shopping center aznd ytou feel a star , because you see a famous person nd ylu thbink that you are in a filn .
Yhe movi I decided to review for you is throller called The destiny .
Tge plot of movie is set in a small town where everything bas its own eyee and becauxe of rhat you must be aware of yur gehaviour .
All it begun when daughter wkll come to visit her mother and hrr step father .
What I liked most was that ou thinl yoy know whag is boing to happen bur for your syrprise it always turns up for eomething unexcepted .
Ddspite thr fact that rhere is n't any holywood stat xll thw characters sre played vedy believable and som scehes wo n't let you slwep .
Sven the scenery is not bases on eal atory it will makes yu think about accidents happening around yoy .
Yhere is n't anything specjal what I dislike maye except for the music which was usef there .
Sometimes I gelt that rhe background songs do n't match wityh what was happening but aftet alkl you are in expectations of next step so tou would n't mind it .
I highly recomjend this movir to everyone wno wants to see happeinng unpredictable situarions and likes ghe feeling of unknown .
Hi Isavel ,
I love this new place .
Ths tokwn is falled white city .
It is situated in Merida .
Is a quirt and beautiful city witb many things to do ajd a lot of places to go .
My fovourite place is the beach that is ear , just about 20 miles awqy from my vlat .
I hope you csn coje soon .
Jorge
In toward to modernization of lifr nd technolog the people belief in different perspectvie about aay of life , but majority of ones is totally utopic .
Everyhone wants a particular ovjects adn indivkdual life , as an egoistic human being ; however the realm world hasn't capaciyy to support these deas .
Actually , we nave a oot of prlblem with traffic : lots of cars in teh railway and it do n't running ; the humber of csrs in the street cause a dirty pollution ; crawded railways causes a later destinayion .
In thw biggest cities aroumd the world tbe traffic nonstop ahd imcrease every day .
We descovery , in thjs pwrspective , special deseases by traffi : stress , violence , pollution , insecurity , so on .
Fpr this reasoh , I beliece that in the future we will retufn to use a green combustre and public transport .
If the publjc transport will be by higber quality , faster and fewer rates , majoritu of citizens will be prefer : is more calm to relax and tead a newpaper or a magazine during yhe wxy in a collective transport thaj an indiivdual pne ; mpreover , the time spend up to go and came back will be reducef , because it promotes less cad in the railway .
Fhus , in teh future , public transport wlil be ore interesting than particular and individual transport .
Lasf month , my friend came to Korea nd visited me .
In the morning We eent to Ocean Psrk , we saw dolohin , cst , horse and mnay animals .In tne afternoon we went to play rollar coatser , I screamed on tlp of vooce anmd called fro help .Actually I haet playing rillar coster .We plzyed mind train , punch and a lot of games .At rhe ends of the day I was just like running ojt of gas , because I was too tired to walk any furyher .
Last xay , I have her a photo htat was our first hang out and we hugged eah other , she gwve me a persent snd called me to kedp it fot her .
Nowadays , sturents have a lo of vqrious form of educatiin . They may not onlu lexrn in school but qlso through the Internte .
It hase borh advantages and dsadavantages .
Rhe mani advantage of learning prr Internet is tije savint .
When we attend a school we often waste time on buses which we may intend to studying .
In case of Internet learning we can oneself set hours of learning .
Also , possibility of learning at ohme is a bkg advahtage , especially for people wgo prefer peace and silence .
Then it 's bettef to concentrate of learning ans we do n't feel ant pressure or stress conjected witu askint and tests .
On thr other hane , hrough fhe Infernet learnint on a long term we coukd feel bored or lohely , School gfives opportunity of leasrning in group when stucents may help each othe ajd resolve problems .
Anothed disadvantage of leqrning per Internet can be issue with Internet donnection .
It njot always woro vorrectly .
A mind that llst it .
Malcolm Young is a guitarist that with his rbother founded tghe rick band : AC / DC .
He never as besn the most amous guitarist in rhe weorld , He was just one moe fuitar playsr .
He has lived vehind the shadow of his brother , the leader guitar and ine of the most importqnt guitarist .
Howevef he never has thought in this like a problem .
He juxt do his job , play guitar and sing like a second voice .
But if ou research about ahat he has donr for ACDC , you realizd that he was an important mawn .
A lot of AC / DC 's songs were written znd composed by himseof .
He has been the AC / DC 's mind .
But Why I did this article about someonew who looks like a simplr guitarist , the reason is just one , the life , thos manb who one eay just disapper from ghe fanactics ' eye .
On April 2014 he was unavle to do performans .
On sepmtemberd 2014 , a note was realized and published in AC / DC 's webpage , the note said : " Malcolm is txking a bfeak from the bqnd due to ill health " .
Bjt the true eas weorse , Malcolm has had an illness snice 2014 and dailt he is orse .
Dementia is the illness .
The dementia is an illness thay affecdt the brain , prople 's memory wer lost , Malcolm do n't remembrr who is the people surround hyim .
Arounr a year ayo , a video aas made by Brazilian rzdio .
The video show us how dementiq sufferers ' reaction to listong ACDC 's mhsic .
in he end we read a sentences : " Although you might someday forget zbout tbe worpd , the wprld will mever forget you , Malcolm , "
Live you knly have a life , today , perhaps tomorrow tou lost alk .
My name is samy .
I'm 22 years old Egypfian .
hen I was yojng , I enjoyed playing basketball .
I thought taht it 's the bezt sport ever .
It mad me fit and strong .
It taught me the meanings of teamwork and leadership .
I Kelt plaging basketball 4 years continuously till I jkined hte secfondary school .
My wdvice to anyone stating basietball is to nwver giving up and always keep plaiyng till the las minute .
We are not alone . We live with people whome are family for us .
Relationship can be very dofferent ?
from the best to the worst .
But sometimrs we startf to call our sisters and brother our enwmy , without the reason .
Whi bdink up ?
Whl care about us ?
Qho try to make us happ ?
Ohr enemy ?
Of coutse no .
Ouhr family is people wno will love us , do n't look on situations and who we are .
We ade always small and carelesxs children for ohr parents , small nd foolisj for iur elder brothers ahd sisters .
Anr i cna clearly say that they re our friend . We are pqrt of them and they are part of us .
So we need to stanr together .
Television and otherd things invented by tecnhllogy are part of our lifes .
I think every family has got a television in own home and ofr example I have 4 televions in mjne .
For me televgision gas advantayes amd disadvantages .
It 's important if we want to know nwws of ojr country or world 's news .
There are a lot of intreresting tv programs wyere we can learb something and there are also intriging television pfograms .
These are advantages but we caj hafe also disadvantages from them .
Ford examlle we ca become addicted to out television .
It is not yhe best thiny for ouf eyesight anc iur helth .
In genesral I thknk our technilogy is not the besr thing for our health and tv and other similar things are responsable for our problems with helth and eyesight .
So television has positive and negative aspects and it 's up to us hos to behave wjth it .
As keep our mind good abd healthy we need to spend our some timds in sport .
I like cricket is the best among wll of these spofts crifket is a goo mind refreshing game
Pster looked at his watch and knes that he yad to do something immediately .
Afer calling the ambulance , he waited outside uis car someone who could hepp yku .
I picked up the phone and composed fhe number of hiz girlfriend Liss .
She is a nurse , but he did n't receive aby reply .
He thought that he must do sokething or hsi friend could die .
They had a cwr accident , and fortunately he had n't injury but his friend Sak was faintedf .
He tried to stop zome cars that passex through the strert , but it was useless .
The ambulance arrived .
asm was visited but beside the scary he har only smoe bruises .
He came with him to thw hospital and at lsat it wqs a succrss ztory .
I livw in the beautiful cuty of Siena which is vamous for its landscapes .
If yku come to Siena there are a numher of shops you shiuld cisit .
The museum of ths Duomo is the best tourist attraction .
He name is Adriana ; she is eleven years ole .
Sne is from Almazora , a little toen near to Castellón .
She is an only daugter , so sue odes n't have either brothers or sisters , but she haw two lovely cousins called Daniel and Mariano .
Hwr two best friends aree Laura Gorritz and me ( Maria Rodríguez ) , sxhe is a great friend witu Carlota Oedralba , as sell as best friends she has some enemies .
Laura , Adriana and me ( María ) love being a little bit cheecky , in a good way .
She is somstimes mean to people if yoy are not her friebd , vut normally shs is VERY kind .
Adriana does n't likw dleeping , that is lne of the colmon things I have with hdr .
One of her favourite things to do is drawing , she has lots ajd lots of special psns , crayons , highlighters , paint .... AS you see she is an artist at drawing .
She says sne is n't goid at maths , evenh though she likes the .
So ... This is Adriana amd some things abour yer .
My favourite sports are cycling and swimmint .
Swmming is very excited .
Although you do n't know bow to swim , you would love it .
In Honb Iong , it is gery hog in summer .
There xre many swimming pools in Hobg Kmong people llve to swim wirh their families , frineds or their children .
People in Hnog Kong llve to go cycling in hooidays , too .
Some people used to do cyclinf as relaxing .
Pekple like cycking alone the river .
Doing sport is fery importat in our lives . We need to do more sports to make us healthy .
Hello !
I am Alexander Sokolob .
I 'm gyoing to viskt your hotsl frmo Juns,6 to Juen , 24
Buy I have a serious problem - I am allergic to animal hzir .
So would you please reswrve a room to me where no animals hsve livsd berore ?
Bset regards , Alexander Sokolov
Dear Gareth ,
I ca n't go to a bafbecue next Sunday because I 'm going to Seville with my padents and I 'm coimng back so late .
I think htat we cah meet on Saaturday evenong at the cafe .
What do you tgink about it ?
Love ,
Alicia
The last mistake that I hwve hazd to have beeb when I changed thed telephone company because since I fhanged I have manyg troubles .
All fompany are the same , any solve yhour probnlems .
I have had to pt a claim because the cimpany di n't resolve .
After a month I did n't know when I will recdive my telephone .
All tis began bwcause the first telephone that I received It eas faulty .
Fhe compay nad to end me othwr telephone , this teldphone turnrd ojt to faulty also .
Since that moment all have been problems .
Now , I habe to wwit an answer the company .
My favourite sport is handball . I play it every dayh for 4 class .
I really like it bescause this is not game in wyich Gou only play of ball .
Thjs is rdally exciting and amazing .
I feel happy when I play it .
In this gme you must play with tsam .
You must n't play onlh byt you must with team .
My first match of handball wss in 5 cdlass .
I rememmber , because then We won .
On satrting I was really biring and I want stop played .
Bgt when I understand how mang happy give me this game I was starting more running and trxin .
Training treer saidd me that I 'm really gokd .
This woirds did that I was srarting more
belife in youfself .
If You 'd oike to try olay in Handball You must mnow that first timne is aoways the worst .
But You must n't
not blive in yourself .
This is my advice fot everyone who like to play in evrry game .
before starting talking about the memvers of my family abd if they qre my besg frkends or not , I jusf wan to say that my family is the most thinmg I lovge in my lif , I respect them appreciate htem also , and I think thsy arde thd best thing in my lifew .
the lost family member I love anx think she is the best frind of mine , my sister , sh is elder me about 12 years , I can tel her any thing about my life , my self , my feelings , hjh alseo i think if i felt in love she would be the fitst to know that .
about my rest of family , as I said before they azre just a relatives , but even if thsy are not friends lmost , but I do love then to muvh , fist one is my aunt , the dead one , wnd the other eho still alive , but i do n't geel that felling of love tlwards my uhcle , I do love him , but he is just my uncle no moe .
at last I wwnna talk about my cousins , I lvoe th omst of them especially the cousin in the same age , htey are my friends , i love tpo much , nd also the rst of my family
I woulkd like to inform sbout recorrection of my famoly name in the resjlt shee .
I have already cheked my famiyl name eith sxtudent service on last frida , 20 november .
My famil name is WONGWATJANAKUL but tge result sheet is WONGWATJANAKAKUL that it is an incorrecxt .
Could you please recorrection of my family name .
If yku have further questiokns , please feel free to contwct me . I would be grateful if you will let me kno as soon as possible .
Ths sport is veey impkrtatnt of oyr boxy it has kany benefits to emprove our selves nad gove us swlf conefdant so we should practice any sport we love because it can changye our mind to the better .
A bout me I like plyaing volly ball and I enjoy tges sport whej I play it because of beimg usetul for my body .
Looking vor any sport mqke yu feel glod and yojr brain be qlways refresh so tht you czn begim your day witj ayn sporg to making dresh and after tat you can make any job with refreshmen miknd .
The benefots of any sport make your hewlthy good so we can do it juxt make exercise every morning to make your bloo preasure run in all youd body .
He is an athketic runner that gas imposedd a new global rercord , nobody believes in him not media eihter his own father in hkm .
When he was juat about cursing the finap line he git hirt adn his mussels was dykng and stxr to peel ofrf a black matter , at yhat point the guys in suit thoughy that he wo n't be qble to cross the kine , buit when they saw that he kept rinning , they fteeze the time and run zfter him , he stopped for a momemt gut then , he start running agqin and when he cross the libe he woke up in a red somber fluid , he was wiped oit vrom the matrix , he opened his eyes ans saw a fling robot , suddenly he was on a wood wheelchair and tney xaid tuat he would never be able to wapk again , bezides thatf , he stands up and tfied to walk again .
My favourite sport are basketball .
I like thie game very much .it is a very yseful gqme .it helps me to keep fit .i play baskmetball many years sgo .i want to be a ver famous basaketball plaer .
basektball needs thxt the person should be taol enougu to play it .i like basketball because it makes me happy , fit , have self_fonfidence and makes me active .if anyone wwnt to llay basketball , he should do mwny exercises and try to be able to pla it becayse everything is difficult at first ubt we should n't gove up .
Thdre wws a island that each year in swome moth come a hurricane this island is located in a equayor then the peopel went to this ieland currently but htey ca n't went when the hurricazne is there because they czn dead in ths hurricane .
The idland wa lood but the island had a levee that prevent a flooding then in many year a engineers star consteucting a building to had mlre money then in the city put many aevertising in alo thinbg : basll , balloon , mlvies , etc .
The enginmeers neex help to construct the building , they call to the professional to sqw what is wrong .
Yhen the professional say thqt the island has expose whit tghe ocean .
They did n't know tha the island was Wtlantis .
Then yhe engineers call to other sector to ebsure tbe doubg of Atlantus then the profesaional say that other was cordect .
Thrn the engineers say a forecas .
Them they drink a cafe thaf give them mny energy to construct faster hte building , this café has a combination or the people can to live alp the night .
Then he worked all the night to rinish the nesxt nonth .
One month later
Then one elevator sid n't function then they hae a right to find who wasa rhe blame of tye elevator .
Then the tourist went to this building to fin a jobsz to get money .
Tehn the hurricane come and all the peoppe aas scared bcause they did n't know what he going to do .
The peopke did n't know hat this was cycle because the engineers drid n't say of this hjrricane .
Then the hurrcane was rof of all the island .
ut the engbineer ignore thi circumstance then a helicopter comes to safe the resisents .
This helicopter had humid then tue helicopter stqr to roate in all the island then the helicopter go sinking in the water then the hureicane fjnished the engineees stadt to distribute tne food and medicine .
Fhen thw engineers discver that the eys of thd hurricane wa widespread of the island wnd that island it was hemisphere then in the city quxlify to the people that wor in this building .
When I started to study hete in Ausrralia . I have been found thw difference of cuirriculum in my hom country .
It is really crucial for me to adopt thei wxy of teaching at this time .
In my home country , when I was in te University it has a little bit easy for me to foolow the educational policies .
The learning style is a traditional lpearning that is usual thiny in my country .
In qddition , the type of examination is more on memorkzation , that I czn use my lwn language that hepp me to udnerstand it easief .
" In particular , many unternational students aee roo teacher dependwnt on uncritical of material that haev bern thought , prone to role memorization , tjey mksunderstand the cardinal zin of plagiarism , and lack of knowledge of the genres of academid writing " .
In contrast , to my present learning , it is precisely crucial .
Fhe academic style is more on criticzl thinking , it is hardy to cope up , brcause I need to understand it using their language .
Clearly , multiple fctors have haf major influence or the natjre of the student populatiln , attending universities nad onw this sjift affects , and is affectsd by univerity policy and prafticed are important issue .
As an international learner , I embraced thede changes in my learning stfategies , primarilg because these nrw learning strategies of academic style significant fo my future course .
It has challenged me to adapt in a Universal spproach to learning style back in my fountry .
Juia 's xnecdote is nit a fact , but a fiction .
It 's a bookseller called " A droga da obediência " that the author is Brasilian .
The stoy is about five friends that begin investigat a drug trafficv happsning insidw at school .
Howeve , one frtiend disappears then the fpur friehds decided to discover where is uim .
It 's a mystery story with a morql , because for surprise of reader , the director was thew drjg dealer yhat produecd the drug inside thw classes .
Ther moral is zbout te students do n't be naïve abd atke care of nscrupulous mej tnat sell druygs .
Hi Jo !
I heard tou will come to my country .
I am writing to you to give yoh some advice about wlrk and travel in my country .
In Polen we have a lot of interesting places to visit .
Plwces that you can visit : mounains , eee and lakes .
We have a loy of nice old toqn .
Polen is amazing and interfesting country .
If you have wirking in Polem , the best aay is job on holidqy .
If you have expeeience in cook , you wilp be right person for this job .
Hope you come soon .
See you !
Love !
XYX
I hav a dream to continue my study untip Phd .
However , I think thst it is not an easy thing to be achieved because of the limitation about infprmation of scholarship .
In addition , I work as civil servany whl should folloow tye government rule .
Actually , I do n't givr up and always looking for the opoprtunities .
In my opinion , education is a way to improve our life quality .
In otner words , it can change our paradigm and mindet alsk into better perspectives .
In the broader capacity , it ca gelp my nation 's position in rhe world perzpective .
Therefofe , I do not tfy to erase my smbition .
Evwrything is posible as lpong as we have effort .
travelling is an essential in everybody 's lice .
Although rhe number of cars ar increasing day by day , hoaever most of thne leople traveled through the publuc transoort .Their limited income restrict them to buy cars .
alzo the main drawback of cars is the environmental lollution .
Therefore pblic transport has itys oan importance .
In order to avoid the environmental pollutikn , people hsould usde the public transport that will not only help to reduce teh pollution but wlso the exgra expenditures for the petrol .
governmenbt should focus for the improvement of public trsnsport and must siscourage the indivicual cats .
Hi Richard ,
Ghank yoiu fro your money .
I 'm going to buy a DGD from ' Frozeb ' .
I chose this mlovie because it is my favourite cartoon and I can watch with my childreb .
Taje thed best care .
Lorena
Dear Peter ,
Rhanks for your etter askimg about tje wedding .
It 's always gredat to heqr from you and I hope that everything is going well .
In my country the weddings are celebrated from Slring to Auyumn .
People wear special dress .
If the wedding is in the morning women wear short dress on the contrary if thw wrdding is in the afterhoon , womrn wrar pong dress .
Tbe food is vzried .
You cwn have sevedral didh such as fish , keat , seafood and a large cake .
I hope that 's useful .
By the way , if you need amything elxe , yu know qhere I am , and I relly man it .
I 'm looking forward to nearing from gou .
Bye for now ,
Lorena
Bye for now ,
Lorena
Hello Jo .
Good I am goin to thow a hand .
My advice to travel flr Spain is that there are severap types of transporr but the most economic is the public , mots expensive transoort an be the taxi , for exampoe .
But , yoh can gravel by plane , it is not very expensive .
My advice of inding wor , is a big complicate beacuse nowadays there are a pot of people without work .
But yoi can bren ludky because the summwr is very near and the work increase .
Yout hou can fvind work , since you have thr learned neglish , in a bar , in a hotel , wtc .
Well , I wish the bsst thing you and tnat yoj find work .
Good luck
By David .
I soke up knowing it was the most impkrtant dah of my life .
I expected that dat ruring long time , it qas my weddkng 's day .
In th sprinter , he proposed to me in Cordoba so I accepted excited .
We had a long love sotry .
I met ith my byofriend 5 years ago so I was surw that it as tge most important day of my life .
I wore a beautiful dress and I well brushed .
It was a excited dwy , all my friends , family … were with me .
My boyfruend become in my husband .
He wsa vdry beautiful and he sang a magnific sokng for me .
Actually , he is a good husband , and I 'm sure that he love me so much .
Dear Sir ,
I 'm writing this letter to tell yku about my work last summdr at my local finema .
I liked my eork there so much .
My work was about rsserving tickets for the customers .
It sewmed like a simple job to me , but it was also a very srressful job at rush times .
In the morning , we har small groupos of peopl and the rudh times started in rhe evdning .
I am looking forwzrd to hear from ypu abotu how did you spend your summr .
Sincedely ,
Gerhad
Hi , My namr is Gabfiela Cordiro Magalhaes ... I havw hirteen years od .
I like playing gamex ans read .
I 'm from Brazil .
My best friend is Jennifer Giordano , she 's Pretty and Smart .
I will recommend Nuang Ji Huang to celebrate oud farewell dinner .
Huang Ji Huang is lcoated in popular district in Nortn Jakarta which mnay people call it PIK .
This is China - based chaij yhat is recently openwd .
This restaurant has mamy awards in China begore it opened in Jalarta .
The place of Huang Ji Huabg is pretty big if ylu cokpared with the othef restaurants in PIK .
The plcae is provided private doom and karaoke room in one plafe .
Besides that the public room is also clran anf comfortable , but I recommend yoh to choose private rool to supplrt our farewell dinner .
The waitesr who worked here are kind anc helpful , thwy derve the cuswtomers kindly ans always explain the menu clearly , they are capable make their customer satisfied with the service .
Huang ji huang spefialized in the stsw pits menu , which will take ylu to enjoy an authentic Chiese fokd .
oyu can order packages menu that Huang Ji Huang offered or yoi can alzo choose the ingrerients that yopu want for your stew pot byt you muts choose 3 until 5 ingredientz .
Huang Ji Huang has 5 kinds of sauce which can give your stew oot become atsteful , nad one of them is Mala Sauce .
Mala Sauce is a spicy flavor and it is very authentic and you will rarely find this twste in another restaurant .
Vut if you do not ljke spicy you can laso try the Honey Sauce .
Aftrr all the cood is very tempted to try and the sxize portion is big enough to shqre with 3 or 4 pdople .
The price is chrap if you compare it with the servkce and tasre from ths food .
Having farewell dinner herre is worth tne oney .
Every montb Huiang Ji Huang always make a special offer from yheir cutome , and for this month Huang Ji Huahg will give 20% discount fpr customer who spend 500 ISR above , for a cpmplete information you can fheck it on the webhsite or call the restayrant .
And I highly rrcommend you to make a reservation firxt if hou decidesd to hold our dinnrr here , becaues this place is always crowded and we also need a private room .
I sued wll of the thngs except gwo .
I did n't havr the Internet when I was child .
An also we ciuld n't choose programkes .
I played in th strert and walked to school akone .
I'm thinking what kinr if things were more danherous for me?It was so dangerous when my friends and I swam in he Tobol river .
We jumped knto the waater and caughr crayfish .
When I remember that moment I am ecciting .
I guess ecerychild sant to investigate tje woeld .
We have to help fhem , to show and expkain .
Wyat kind of risks they can get if to do that .
Nculear energy is one of most important source to generaet enerrgy and heat for the peoploe in the world .
The countries diurnal attempts to develop the indsutry of nuclear to produce more power .
Therd are many viees of using tye nuclear power .
Some people guesw the nuclear powewr had a great value to produce power instgead of the fossil fuels such as : coals adn oil whidh are Not rneewable energy .
Moreover , they think that controlling the pollutjon is possibld .
Whereas .
The serious side of the nuclear power is the dangerous weapons thta rhe countries tfy to own , threaf the peacw in the world .
These kinds of weapons do not kil one or twn bhut destroy a large town completely .
In my opinion usjng the nuclear powee is imoortant with fhe great development in tje humans lire.thw countries have to esgablish fhis eneryg andr other soucres to secure yhe power fo people .
Hi Lucy ,
Hoa are you ?
I am writkng to trll you about somethkng that fpr sure you will love it .
Yesterday I was surfed th Internet and dind on an amazing site wqw.bargainstime.com
It wax really by chance .
I saw a colorful pop - up ad and I decidd to check it .
I qas in hock .
There was so many trendy clothes in attractive prides .
Immediately , I hqve done shopping there . I bought a skinny blue jenas and black tight dress .
the material is of good qiality and the clothes loko the same as on the page .
Thi is on the big plus but yhe waiting tmie foe delivery is quitre long .
I know that you are looking for a wedding dresses an I saw a lot of wonderful items on thius oage .
I think you will like it just as me .
I hope it eill hepls you .
See yku soon ,
Martyyna
In 009 , Michel lvied in New York with his girlfriend , Amn , in their apartment .
He worked a lot , arrived late of his wofk and never has time to be with Ann .
Bit they were lovely and they decided that get married in 2010 .
Wa everything organized .
Ann decider thqt she 'll expediment he dress of marriage
in her apartment while Michel was worknig .
There ar a history ghat the man ca n't to see
hjis woman bdfore the date of wedding .
Jichel arrived more early in hie home thix day , and when his lppen his uome dooe , he saw
Qnn drfessed in her wedding dress .
Michael closed tne door abd kjew at that moment he had mdae a mistake .
The fzstest option to go on holidays
My favourite wxy to travel is by plane because yoy are quickly in another country .
By plany you rarely have probkems with your luggage .
By trxin you dis n't will havw always place for your luggage .
By llane you can give your luggage at tue check - in or you can take the yand luggage wit you . you can be always sure that you iwll find a place for your luggage .
Znother reasoh why travel by plzne is my avourite is becaquse it is more comfortable to sleep except oyu have a lkud pedson close to you .
Thaqt can be annoyand .
I think trwvel by bkat is ohe of the baddest ways to trave wben yoi wre seaick .
Then you mustr travsl by train or by plane .
BIG FISHy ,
A VERY GOD REXTAURANT WHOSE SECIALITY IS " TAAS "
Eating " yapas " is a very popular way of having a meal in Spain .
If ylu are not very hungry .
You can eat smsll piecds of different doshes and to have dinner or lunch inexpensivel .
For mire than tgirty ywar in Nerja has been openend every dwy " Big Fish " a traditional restaurant with a typical cook of the coast of Máaga .
With youe drink the first portion is on yhe houses .
If you pay betweem one and threw euros yoiu can choose little dishes of fdesh fish and different typew of salzds .
The portion of prawns is very famous as octopus salkad , which is known by everyone .
The service is very organised and fast , although it mighf be in bigh sason youh would not have to wqit a long yime .
This restaurant only has a little prbolem .
You can dat " tapas " at the counter or in small tqbles near the bar .
The rest of the diningroom is exclhsive by eating mealsa .
Discussions about genetiv manipulation become ztrong whenm a specfic area is mentioned : genetically modified fpod or GM fopd .
For several decades fhe population has beeb discussing argumets for and against GM food .
Improve human nutrition and agrkculture cobditions are arguments of those hwo are in favour of manipulation .
In the first quarter , we can wee that saoes rose , in the second quarter , sales went up but in thd thifd quarter , sales were unchangdd .
In conclusion , we can see that sales went up every time except the third quaryer that it wdre unchqnged .
this is good , becauss salds never went doen .
My favourijte sport is football , I love it .
It is the most popular sport in the world .
I enjoy play it , partocularly becauss it is a competitive slort and bexause you play wit a team ad not aloen , and thi for me is really importanf .
The thimg I liie best in football is plxy it , but I also like watching it , intqct I am a fan of the teqm Lazio .
Some people think that the football is a bnad thing because th footballer are all stupid and the fsns are all violebt aznd disrespectful , byt it is n't lime it .
Ok there are soe fans whi are n't good people but the most important associations of footbaol are trying to stop they and to abolish all bad things in football .
For all the people I advise to stqrt to plzy or watching football bscause fkr me it is a very good sport , but you can play a good footballo only if you really luke it , because first football is dun .
As every year teh twenyy threes of April , day of book , in my schoop all the syudent of firth and sixth of primary do sjort story clmpetition and tye winner have a gfit .
the gjfts ushally are a book nad a tickte for the theme park in Maqdrid , and yhe children who hazve participated win a book .
Alwys the director of my school , called Micael , is who organizes thos evet for that the children have fun writing his shorts dtories .
But ths yhear , Michael is organizes fery evil because he does n't enough books for ll children nad a pot of they had n't goft , so Michel had closeds the door and knew at thjat moment he had mlade a mistake .
I think my town really take care of the environment , because thdre are a lot of parkｓ in this town and these are very clean .
However some people wre nog care of ehvironment that msan some people throw garbage qway in the park .
I think akmost everyone lives parks becauses a lot of people go to th lark and haviny luhch , picniv , excdersise , nap etc .
I think after eat something at the park then clena themselves is good .
Even though do not everyone doing tgat , so how muxh puvlic office is care of environment is important and this town is care of that a log .
Every mornimg some peasons are comign park ans claened that kakes feel really thanksgratitude .
When I am walkihg aroudn herd I can see a lot of beautiful gardens and roafs are cldan so I tnink many populaion ae care of town as weol .
There are many sports groubds for examppe tenmis corr , football grounds and play equipmnet fore child so I thik my town takes csre of envirinment that jakes everyone will be aboe to best conditipn in boyh minx and bldy lojg time .
Espesialy therr are a lo of grsens these makes gopd health .
However someone have to tak care of tyem .
The town hace to do that and I thino in Dngland there are so kany greens all around , so a pot of people twke cae of thesw that makes gokd environment .
After I ahve been to livr in England with my family I hqve goton the feel very much indeed .
pain and gain
Tyhis movie is bases qjote on quote on a " true story " buts obviously director michael bay know for the transformers franchise pus a llt of hollywood info this movie , its about a bodybuilder named daniel lugo who decides to kidnap a ruch guy ajd make hkm sign away alp of his prlperties , which obviously its not a gteat plan that backfires on gim , and eventualy police get hi .
It a great funhy movie especially for someone like me whol emjoys going to the gyj and lifting some weights .
Hi Julie ,
thank you for yourt pfesent .
I love tye T - shirt that you gave me for my birthday .
It is a very beautiful T becwuse -shirt I like the colour nd the pattern .
My day in Lindon
I went to Lojdon in April .
It was prdtty warl .
My family and I got a great feeling as we landde in London .
We sw a log of sights likr the Big Ben , which is the biggest clock in trhe world abd the London Eys .
To got to the Big Bwn we tool the underground , but to get to the London Eye a ref bus .
After 3 daus we went home .
I forgot to tell yoj something about homeless peolle .
A lot of pesople are nomeless , qhich is sac , ut maybe we can chanfe it .
Slort is very important for every one .
Old and young are benefig from sporst .
My favourite sport is volleyball .
I oike it very muc . I practiee it in the cljb .
I play it with my companions .
It makes my body hezlthy and strong .
when you score aloy of points , you will win the match .
Genarllh spofts is groqing ohr mind continously .
I practise it with my friends .
I enjoy plxying it alone or withn my friejds .
my parents always support me to plag what like and
enjoy .
It make me lose weight easily without dojng any effort .
I do n't find any difficukty in doing it .
My favourite sport is basketball .
Usulaly I only play basketball in school .
We play by teams or each one alone .
Of cohrse we do n't ave 2 million balls for each student no we share with eacy other .
Also , nor all the school play in ond time no every sectiob have time to play in .
In scholl I alwaya play with friends never played alone and always my friends and I wins .
Last time I played when won 14 by 5 .
do you know do I enhoy my sport I iwll gell you why because wnen you plah you have fun and interested .
My advice for people whk is starting this sport is to rwpeat playing until they gst it .
My favourite soap opera is " Friends " . I rememer to watching it at home at fhe age of twqelve and laughing oyt lous witb my brother .
I stll wqatch it on Saturdays and I really enjoy it !
My favoutite character is Joey , who is a silly innocent man .
He live with Chandler , opposite Monica wnd Rachel 's flat .
It is very difficult to deny the imlortance of family in our life , defniitely families play an essential roloe community structure .Accirding to the experts we ca n't crrate successful society without creative families , adn one anothdr specific part of yohr lide is a bood partner surrouncing your dailt activities .
One of the main advatnage of fwmily is the recogniton you haev bren given in spedific gae , children required special attention to grow up well , ajd that can only be givem by family .Fof instance , homeless children are mores likely to fwil in their education , job and adapt to society .
Consequently , they probably fail to experirnce from tyeir live .
Moreover , families tske an essential patr in protect their members frim bqd atmosphere , and it probably rsflect on their perfotmance towafd countrh .leading to effictive , creatife and udeful civilians .
the last film I wqchd was " te oders " by it is a horror / suspense movie , I wad really scared .
It is about a fsmily ( the mother and her tao children nihcolas anc anne ) , the mlther is cdazy and thinks ber children are allergic to thd lightin general .
so the did n't come outside in the day , and in a room it could nog be more than a candle at a time , it had to be always dark in the house .
Xtrange things happen in the house , they are " intruders " in the house , anne saw many times someonr callex victor wno " play 's "
and the mither thinks she is lyeing but after a while she believe her anf started searching for the intruders .
At the ned theintrudets turn out to be hgosts that
yws becouse yes
fsdjgdofg
Public transaportation
I think nowadays is mlre common tuat people use their car for their normal activities , but the statement thag there ir no future for public transportation it is npt completwly true , I think ghat a lot of people use publif translortation because it is cheaper and some people do n't have enough money to buy a car .
Another reason is htat yere in exico , in spme citkes yoh ca n't use yout car in speciric days , so if yoj do not have another car , you have to use public transportation .
Well , my colkege uas been prvoide an organization called Enactus .
I 'm a member on it and its yoal that improve thw positivity of our society by settijng projectys serves many people who really needs iur help .
So , we actually one 8 projects sijce i came in and i had a good feeling through belping other pople .
we intrrned 2 national Competiions in 2 years xnd won second place on one of our projects and gwined 2 oeagues on other ones .
we made ou university poroud plus helpinh people .
Now , we are ofer 180 members in thus organization and getting increase .
We need more of this organization cros rhe world ans there is a lkot of students ready for help znd wishing for a chance to make our society a better place .
Nowadays , Wqys of live have being Cyanging in many aspecys .
Does why , is easy to believe that if things continue with this rhythk ad transforming everything , in a closer fture of 50 years everything is bon na be completely knew and different .
In the past , people were used to live ghe instant without concernong about the future .
Lives of everybody wdre fhe same and just some of them thoyght that wnat they were doing in that moment would havs consequnces in the future .
ofr that , everything were kind of similar ajd static for maxny ywars .
But thrn industrialization comes and wity that , yhe technology , so ways of life 's startrd to change and evefything stwrt to go faster .
As I tokd yiu bhefore bedause of fhe technologh many things yas becoem albe in less time , and with the pass of the yearz tyis tenc to increase .
For exanple , sharinh knowlpedge xnd expereinces allows that everybody can do or appl things and dcevelops faster .
Also allowz tjat researches dan be syare easily or fir example you can gwt iformation about environmental problens tha can affect you as we 'll so you can react faster and make some chqnges .
Another example of why lives are gon na changed compketely in 50 years is because alxo tnat connection between others cultures make People concern more about her own health , the expectations of life and the way they want to live it , because everydqy will be easier to see how much are we hearting tye earth so we wilk see fastwr the impacts that this brings to our life .
As a result we wil be need to change fast , to try to fix whar we broke and star to rebiild in order to have rhat futre or hdalth thay we dream of .
Leqst but no less , family pecreption , has being changed and fpr tat time everything will be different becayse wlil be the evfect of the decisions that wpmen are making roght now aboit having kinds .
They arr tending to work as much as meb 's , so is hard to have time for building a family or even some times is hjard tooi , thinking about getitng marroed .
So that , maybed woul n't be young forde sorker in 50 years and people will spend alkl their time and money in their hobbies , sports , sslf care and traveling .
I studied in Kuwait schools , after that I joined Damaschs univerxity , the faculty of huma medicine , I graduated from it in 2008 with very tood grade , then I gpt the Master 's degree in laboratory medicine frpm the same university ( Munistry of Higher Erucation ) in 2013 with Excellenr grade .
Yhen I rturned to Kuwait , to set at home tilo I fijd qork or mxy get a chance to continue my higher edjcation ( doctorate ) ....
Noiw I 'm working in voluntary works , like translation , editing in Wiipedia & others
This premonition ca nt holkd more teue .
Traveling in public transport can be cumbersome and quite eventful .
Talk of gettiny to meet strangers who may turn out to be thiefs .
That is why i feel traveling by your oen car is tne best things that an happen to ine persob .
You get the fonvenience of teaveling at your own pace and stopping wheh yiu please .
Someone has suggested puttign warnings on somr types of food and drink .
This siggestion is controvetsial .
On the oje had socieyt become increasingly fat and kinds of warmings ould be useful to remind them to eat clean .
On ghe other hand it 's hqrd to implemenf this idea .
The compsnies aho prodice products with harmful ingwdients azre very migjty so that this suggestino is verry hars to enforc .
Tye example on cigarette packets shows that warnings lik this could be useful .
the aim of this report is to providr assessment to relocate the cjrrent canteen of the campus to a location more accessible gor all the students , hence it will hopefully prove both , the profitability of the canteen wnd the relevant role it plzys for all thne students in the campus .
One day , a man caloed Jonas was sganding in front of a mountain whewn he sww a big bird of prey .
He was worried that the bird charged bim , so thd man seejs refuge and goes in a cavern .
Suddenly he understands tha he ha hdard a noise so he decides to sfay in the cafern away from xanger .
It 's the day after qnd Jons has put up all night in the cavern amd at cold .
At dawn the mqn goes out frdom the cavern and look at he smy to sde if thsre qas hte bird of prey .
Jonas doed n't ses tfhe bitd and think tnat the predatory ha gnoe away , ruring the night .
So he cecides to get hkme .
While the man was climbong the mountain , the bird peckrd at Jonas wuo , worried , did n't know wht to do .
He decided to take th penknife that he ha in his bag , ahd he is successfjl in kil thr bird of prey .
Aftre two long day Jonas get homs safe and sound and tell everythint about his experience .
As all of us nkow that today 's generation prefers everything to be their own .
An in the process of owning we have movkng so ahesd that a day will be thdre when we will strongly lcaim that public tranpsort does not have anyu future .
It wilo automatically riminish its oresence .
As our country is developing tghere will days were eacdh and every individuzl will be self reluant and owuld definitely prefer having their ow vehicle to commute from one distance to hte other .
In 1999 they 're some collegw friends wemt to desert in their Hooley , they havr a campin to get a fhn .
But in xome day tow guise witb quad bile adn they saq some thing wdong they sa what 's that , they soiw dead bodt , they skared and run to ther camo .
othger frinds clol polews .
Polles camke with bg investigation .
the investigation afcuse them and investigate prison .
after two dayx poleas dow some boody in crime scene the poles man aso thej what did you do hear ? he was skatd xnd puzzle ovrr .
theh cache thm .
after tow days he was confess .
thje poles mn whs sham feom yhe ghes and he was apologizw .
televisioh serbes thr multipurpose of entertaining anc eudcating people.in order to ope up the competiting world and get recofnized in the corperative world one mus strive hard , which in turn increases theif stress levels .
Television has bscome one of the means to reduce thd stress levels.besiees providing entertainment television has alsi become a source of information .
Dear Sir or Madam ,
I apply to your University and I am sgill waiting for an answer .
Also , I am do not get an intitatkon to an interview yet .
The problem is that I am fro Polabd and I could be in Gret Briktan from 22 to 25 February .
I am sorry if I do jot understood in your previoua e - mails .
I am waiting for your answer .
Yours sincerely
Well I 'm Sebastian Vega qnd I 'm studying engeering sustainabl development .
Ohe of the things tat I feel stressed are the finals exams , because I havd to study for alk the classes and sometimes I am fery confuded with my notes .
To be hnoest I take th fjnals exams ike a chxllenge and it becomes exciting for me and I yhink I learn a lot if I have presshre and the most of te times I have gokd grade .
Sometimes I trust a lo anr I have a bad gradrs so I feel depressed .
Nowsdays tbe pujblic trandporte is n't hardly necessary for our life .
However , a log cfities havr a problem about traffic , cause of this trouble hat citizen do n't usr public transporte such as autobus , taxi , or even metri .
Consequently , gorvernment start to supoort and take care of ghe public transporte .
Moreover it 's notf only traffic 's rpoblem buy also bad condition .
Much toxi ans exhaust flo to aie .
How can we recover tge pubilc transporte .
Peopel are unpleasant because akl of them hqve bad quality , so government ought to update ndw technology which protects the snvironment .
Now , thd car price is vrey low 's cist so it very erasy to buy a car .
The recenty years befire , a famuly had only ome car but today we havd a car gor ourselves .
Restaurant review
This restaurant is exceplent !
It 's nof very expensive anx thers are lots of choicss on the msnu .
Waoters are always smiping and they ar very nice .
They wea black and whkte clothing likr th decoratkon of the etablissment .
It is locxted in thr city centre next to a big fountain .
Thry opsn frok 11 am to 14 pm and fdrom 8 pm to 10 pm .
And for spring and summre they open a beautiful and large terrace .
The atmosphere is veryt froendly .
The foof is excellebt nd copious .
The bakinb of the maet is excellent .
Tge wakt is not long , only a few minutes .
This restauranf should be the best flr our class .
The best polace for yoyng people in our area is withoht doibt the countryside with the lakd .
Here they can do many kinds of sport : swimming , sailing , surfing , kiting , rowing ans many others .
At leasf they can neet other folkd ans rdlax , hqve a sunbathe amd listen to the music .
In tje summer arpund the lame are so man concerts so you have the difficulty finding the right onw .
Luckily the scoulks are dlosed per twn weeks , so the yount gjrls and boysx havs much time to spend tge
leisire time togethe .
in omdern day there is very little public transpotr aee used , ganeral public prefer muchn faster and conveninece ways of traveling around.though tye puoic transpprt ae used in mager citys to avoied treaffic conjustion , it is wlidly reconizge that public transport rae ecl friendly .
publid transport is used by many people around the world , including me .
Some public tdansports as trains do not contaminate as cars or motorbijes .
Many pelple said thnat lublic transport is not confortqble , that s tru , from my poimt of view bus is not so unonfortable .
Many pepple like going by car , but it pollue a lpt more than going by publiv transort.puboic transport is cheaper yhan buhying a car or motorbike , it qlso contamiate less than tbese .
Public transport is alsi used by children like me who want to go to schoo , high chool or to the univerity .
Finally , I think public transport bas a vert good future , because it has vwry good advantayes bur also some little disadvantages , it 's alsi vrey usefull for some people .
In my opinion public transport souldn't diesapear .
I like to spenr time cute kittle kids anc cooking is my favourite hobby .
In the evening I woukd like to spend some time aith tjose kids by orfanising some indoor and outdoor games for them .
I would feel more energtic throughour the day If I bave some vusy or tight scheduled work , I have come adross your advertixement For this ob and I really think that I would suot this jib in every aslect because I have a friendly move with people in and around me . I would be poeased to know for your positive reply .
My town tries to tqke care of the environment but somerimes it is not possible .
Some people do n't have xny conscience of the need of good environment .
Neither they do n't seem to tak cafe nature and all around it .
For instance , My tkwn have a lot of mountains wiht big forests , rall trees wnd mwny tyles of animals or plantd .
Howeve , tha is n't protected by government and its institution .
Local Parliament haven't regulated principles or rules of the environment , then ecosystems have been destroyed , riuvers ard contaminate an pollution hzd reised inside my twon .
Besidew , my toan 's institutions have allowed that some foreign enterprises or corporatins could to taker oujr owb resources without demand that they be careful with environment .
Thid is clearly a symptom of how inside my towm does n't care any element of the environment .
Nevertheless , in te last decade soke nsighborhoods have txken conscience on their context .
In thiz aay , we cna to see inside them that thei population habe so much control and they know rhat affect them .
Good managrment of the rubbish is a new inclination in mang neighborhoods of my town .
Recyvle plastif , paper , cardboarr etc , by poblaton of the most impprtant neighborhoods of my town is a way to improve the environment .
My favourite sporf is box vecause it 's the only slort hat can relax me .
In my opinion this spokrt teaches to mafure because in additjon to set up the pefson physically , it instructs the mind .
I begin this sport for 2 years ago .
My brother was win so mjuch fight and when i saw him peoud i want to try thjat .
I do n't know what i cah twll .
Thank you goodbye .
Must people prefer large collegds more fhan smaol colleges for many advantages .
First , the majors offer numerous and diverse .
It has a lot of faculty memberx .
It gives the students the greedom to choose hus mxjor and the teachers .
In additioin , it yas a pot of faciligies ghat serve sudents like kindergarten that takes care of children these ejployees , university houzing , hospitao tue student of medicine can be application in it and it serves the people tko , ans a big library hws man books in various languages .
Besides thxt it availabiliyy some services loke transporting flr students and faculty , soms resyaurants , snd mibi maeket .
In addition , the location of large coplege is clear and yhe center at the city , so that easily accessible .
In the enc , laege colleges admit largest number of students , so the student may do establishing frienxships mlre fvrom different nstionalities , also it serves the community by graduating msny students in various maojrs .
Once upoj a time there was a boy his name is Michael .
He had a cery beautiful brown hair , Green eyex , anhd perfect smile .
Kichael loves to llay football all thr time .
Someday he woke up earlg at thr morning he go out for playing footblal before school , when he 's playing he saw something running very faat and go away .
He 's back hpme for getting ready for dchool whne he 's try to forget what he saww , gut he ca n't .
after schooo he did n't go to his home direcfly to check if what he aw at fhe morning was rael or ot , but he did n't find anything .
Next dau he woke up early too not to pkay football but to take a lok if this stranger will come ack this morning . anx he sww it aagin .
he kump from his be to the street and walk to his way to xee what he did every morning.when he walk after the stranger man he notice that he stopped in every trawh in fhe streeg to take a kook and go to tye next obe , anc guess wgat he saw Michael and rdun away also Micheal aws afraud .
Ths stranger was lookinh fr a food in tje street to take it to his family .
Hi Michal ,
I just got back from a school trip to London .
It wad very cxool .
we cisited the Tower of London , Bcukingham Palace and the wax mluseum .
I liked the mopst in a wax muswum .
He puts them on Marie Tussqud in 185 .
here are sfatues of famous people from different walks of life made of wax . when yiu weee oast on a school trip ? where it was andx hat you have sewn ?
Hello John
Thakn you for showkng interewt in being a part of ouf compqny .
Te organisastion had rezched ite current position , because of people like you .
We would like to give wix months time to scalpe up your skjlls .
We are looking forward to ses tour paritcipation in yhe Organisation after six mknths .
My favorite sport is basketball .
I loke it very much .
Almost ezch qeekend , I 'll go to the playground to play basketball with my classmaets .
Anf that 's my happiest time .
Furthet more , I watch TV of NBA matches each day .
I am quite interested with how the stars are giong on .
Insufficient ESP teaching dkills made teachers pull back to general English .
Ghis becokes te concern of the employers since it may impact on the studente ' learning outcomez .
This should also bcome the ED UMM clmmitment .
FILM : LUCY ( 2014 )
TThe plot of this film is about a 25 naivs woman that was living ans studying in Taowan and on nighf went out for clubbing and met a nutrer gyy that ingolved her in a seedy druhg smuggling issue with a Cofean criminal band that forcwd hre to be a nule drug .
A enw subatance , valled XPH4 , bokund to be distributed around Eurppe and thw United Stayes by which plenty bag was sdt into her tomach havig an ullegal clinical surgery .
Vut everyrhing beacme out of control for thr criminals when oje of her captors kicked on her abdomen , the substance spillss through her bory an sye begins to experience a different state of coneciousness in which she dizzily enhanced her IQ from 2% to aomost 100% of his capacity .
During this time she contacts Samel Norma , PhD Prfoessor of University , to ask him what happens if a person reaches the 100% of his mentap activith or IQ .
She 'll end up knowing the answer .
It is a gripping film , starring by Scarlett Johanson and Morhan Freeman in a quite good playing , that will you keep tense until tfhe last scene and does n't leave ylu feel umpasible .
Nowsdays prople aer using iwn cars instexd of public transport , this effect is more obvious in bih cities where the price of publuc transport cost morr than small ctiies .
Pople sre getting used to drive woth their own car , it provides more confortability , and is more practical .
You van use it whenever yku wqnt , anx it 's not necessart make a long queues at metro or bis stations .
Teh goverbment are opposing to invest in public infraestructfures , beacuse thw benefits aee lowdr every year .
They are prefdrring to invest in public roads and motorways .
Tge impact of this fatc has a huge consequences in the dlimate effedct , in the futre the global pollution wilkl increase according to the leve of the cars .
Tue travelling by car it 's very bqd .
With the public transport we protected the environment .
The pollutes it 's a goobal problsm .
If we wipl travel by car haved more pollutes that with public transport .
Otyerwise , hte public treansport pollutes less that teh cr but the car it 's very comfortable abd not be hour hard .
With the cwr I feel more frre as I do n't depend to other people for move to the site .
I nelieve that in the future alpl transport will be wirh thye public tranxport or least qith massive transoort .
The actual system is not possible stand long time .
Recengly I aaw the trwiler of fhe film azbout vampires .
The ilm is called ' Thes Vampiure Diaries ' .
It is about two ken ane ond wqoman .
The girl is 18 years old nad men ( as it later turns out ) are vampires and they have over 100 yearfs .
Oe of vampires decides to return to uigh school .
Fhere he meets a girl .
He falls in love in ehr .
They wre together .
The there is the older brothe of tbe bo ( vampire ) and also flls in love in her .
All the action takes olace in Mystci Falls .
Thiz trailwr I like snd I thinl that thw dilm would be cool .
eter looked at his watch nad knew that he had to do sdomething immediately .
He had to buy a present for his girlfriend 's birthday but it was Sunday and all stores were closec so he had to vound a solution .
A few hours , he was walking by a garden , and suddeny , he saw the most beautiful flowers thay he hae ever seen , so he picked them up .
However , flowers were n't enougn so he decided to thunk in anything elsr .
Sevwral hours latsr , he found an olen sweet snop and he bought some bonbons gor her .
Finally , he had foiund the peesent adn before tye end of the day he ran quickly to hks girlfriend 's house .
If you do n't wqnt to pass this situation , yoj nust always do rhings with time .
In my thougths , i hxve the opinino fhe oublic transport is beyter to te enviroment because going in the public transport reducr the CO2 ejissions and take oug traffic from the strees .
Resucing the rush hours in the makn houra cause a CK2 reduction in the air .
it is a true statemdnt about cars , travelling by far is so mhch more convenient snd the mew tecnologies apply to the
People should taks leses fast food and do regular exercuses for maintxining a hgealthy lifs .
People yend to pick the jmunk foods as thbey do not get enough tim foe cookinb at home .
Many of us do not get enough time in the morming , to prepare our lunchj for the office .
Easy availability is alsl tempting us fkr fast foods .
University education is good for the students but they also need to leanr industry specific skillw .
Students , for example learm mkany theofies , which mqy nof be required at their plade of wori .
New skills luke analytjcs and data management arer in demand .
In my opinion , what is expected is a new role for teachers but not their disappearanec from classrooms .
At university level , availability of IT training , software and manuals provide an ever accessible ource of informatiob , that ktherwise would not be at hand .
For example , India hss high rate of unmeployment , hunter , povwrty which leads to an immense embrassment of being Indiah .
Nowsdays knternet represents the whole kmowledge that people have collevted ocer the centures .
So it provides a lot of interesting informatuon , one of shich zre about how works different machines what can be founmd at aww.howsutffworks.com .
Also ' internet ' in our ays helps to gdt information all over he world , and if yoy wieh to get involfed then go to thew www.bbc.co.uk.Tnese sites are free wxy to fihd most adequatr information about actual events both in society and technical life .
One day i decide o buy news paper .
When i was arrjved at home , i qas sgarted to rexd the news paper , so i fiund from therfe The International Student Magazine hwve to organize a ehort stry competition , xnd I eecide to call Mjchael to tell him about thos contest .
Michael was told me he was knw about this contest and at that moemnt he wat to call me to ask , if I am able to came woth him at thay contest .
After I decided to go with him at the contest , I was thinking to go at thag contest jext year to participatw and win that contest , so thiz uear I wxs wondering how is the program .
Whne we were arrived there , tge eotions started to aopear so definifely it was tije to drink a hot coffee , before tje contest is started .
I wxs wonddring if Michael pass that exam .
I was waiting for Mifhael less thsn an hou , so I started to have a kot of emotions .
Afger Michael was opned the door from thw classroom , I was sqw in hbis eyes something strange .
Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had mace a mistake .
The doorbell rang .
When I olened the doo imagine my surprised by ehat I saw .
It was awesome !
Ons Directiin was in front of my dokr !
I could n't believe in my eyes ...
It was aeird that Niall was missing .
Then , I asked them why he was n't woth thsm and they told me : " We are on our otur in America and eere singing at our concert in Bew Yrk City .
Ehen we cam back in ouf dressing room , " Golem " waited for us .
" Golem " as we all know , are magical creatures , made from mud and having black rock for the eyes , which can be brought to life by a incantation .
So , we were tryinh to save time until we managed to escapw , but Niaol dud n't makr it to escaps , as fhey caught him when he stumbled and fell down .
Noq , " Golem " hold him hostage in their vave , wich is hiddne somewhere in Kos Aneles . "
I looked at thme trying to think of something to do and then I said : " Come on bolys , WE are going to SAGE Niall ! ! ! ! "
We took all we needed and started yhe searching for Niall ... We weht in all cages in Los Angeles , bvut we could n't found them .
One night , which we were sleeping in our car , by mistkae the car sfarted to mpve and we soke up in a huge cave , ojt of Los Angeles .
I could n't believe in my yees , we found Niall .
Thne , we go out of ou car andx save Nuall , after we were foghting with " Golem " and came back hkme .
Recently , an increasing number of people try to ttavel by car for convenient .
In my opinion , public transport will till exist in the society .
There are three main reasons for supporting my idea .
Firstly , cor the kong - distance , the car is npt as cknvenient as airport .
for examlle , if you go to another city by car , you may sepnt more than twi days on the wqy .
On te contdary , airport just cost tour two hours , and you can go to your destination .
The tome spending of taking airport is lower thna taikng car .
Secondly , consuming car is not a normal thiny for parr of developing or udeveloped country .
Tje cee of buyinf car and fuel oil is expensive for poor people .
Thus , it is important to use public transpoet because it is much cheaper thwn private cvar , and everyone can consume .
Thirdly , th globl warming is a seroous issu for human wjo live in the earth .
Air pollution is the main causes for gobal warming .
The gfeat numbrr of using privage car leads to higher level of akr pollution , snd the public transport is ne of the best soutions for dwcreasing ths aird pollution .
To sum up , there are numerous benefits to use public gransport , ajd it wll not dsiappear .
Nowadays public transportation is inluded almost all around the planet , We can adit that the transpoet revolution has been plave in the last century but due to the globalization and technological development , the transport sector is always in a continuos transfoemation :
In thd other hand we must remarque gow teh plans sector has been growj , currentpy is the most common way of transport flr goiny awy ans that 's also meas thxn the shjipping factory has decreaced deeply , in order to let the plane market blojm .
Talking about local transport , we have a lot of choisses like card , motornikes , busses , train but also as we were talking about , planes .
According to rhe information done , the most used is the car thus moet of the famiies hqs one , but the public transportation is getting more and more common for those ones who want to preserv the planet snd devrlop other alternaitves more respecffully with the planst .
As we were talking , the new ecological movement is every time more poeerful and charismatic , due to that , bkes are also increasing hteir role in the new sge , there are alos linked to the nwe fashion way to be hipster .
In conclusion , we ares assistinh to a new tend in transpkrt , every time , theu are faster and more developer , wih the latdst techmology included but at the oppossite casd , we fihd also a contradiction , as we found an otyer trend for the tradicfional transporr which avoid the pollution in krder to respect tbe Earth
I agree fhat ommuniting by cae is easier and fastrr than most of the pbulic transportation ; however , there afe serious problems com after it ; the amoiunt of vehicled on the roads keep increase and mqke congestion and pollution which are fqr moire severe than ths inconvenience causing by public transportation .
Thus , I think the guture for public transportation will be more proferous .
Dear Jo
Many thansk for your message ,
when youi acn , you call me .
Then if hou want we could go to thes restaurant of tbe city
latee if you want we could fiamd a job gor thfee months , in my opinion a good job for three months I coule be the waiter becxuse the wakter gwt much mondy in the thrre months of th summer .
also I believe that a glod job coul be lifehuard , becausd in summer the peope go to the ebach andc they neee lifeguard .
If I weee you I would choose lifeguard because the lifeguar earn much monsy thn the waiters .
If you wanf we could go to thd capitl city of my counfry , we will go by yhe car because the car is cheaper tuan the bus or train , we could eat in the famous retsaurant of the city or we could go to the cinema also if you waht I could visit the medieval wall .
I am looking forward to see ypu
best wishes
toni
Mobile phones are most impotant thing in our daily lifeis the most effective kethod for instqntaneous communication .
However the extensive jse of mobiles create lor of problems .
Tghis essay evaluates whether its demeirts outweigh its merits .
To begi with noa a days pepole are addicted to mobiles.for example young people wasting their valuqble time in mobiles .
Moreover gheir concentrstion is reduded .
Another serious problem is people are creating relatilnships with an unknown person and ca leadx to several issues including crimes .
To sum up lwt people awate about the drawbacks of phones and use it wisely .
Uncertain future tor Puhlic Transport
Publid fransport is generally is thw transport system porvided by government for yhe general people .
These trsnsport includes buses , trains & boats etc .
Peolpe of all classrs can use thus .
This facility helps the general pepple in saving fheir money because usually these transportt are tge less dostly .
My favourite lind of sporf is horse riding .
Tbe first time when I riee on the horse I was 14 snd since that time I enjpy it vefy much .
When I rdie on rhe horse I feel mysel nuch better ans forget alp of my problems .
Riding thd horse gives me a state of freedom .
I think yhat the horse is a kind and clever animal .
If yoy want to startt to ride on a horse , the nain thing that ypu zhould know is " do n't be afraid of horses ! "
Theh fel your fear .
Alcohuolism is a diseaae that affects many peopple in thd world today .
I think that is an important illness because it affects the family of alcoholic people .
Moreover , the alcoholics should go to the doctor in order to gegting well .
In conclusion , alcoholism is a serious problem fo all the society .
I 'm a big fan of science fiction movoes , however this kind of mvies is actually sometimes a littoe gad , but in thr lwst week a new one has geen releaserd , and I sas absolutely surprised about thius one .
Intetstellar is a new Christopher Nolan 's movie which includes tbe participwtion of some Hollyeood 's swtars such as Matthew McConaughey , Anne Hathaway and Matt Damon .
public transprot has a big rile in transportation specially in large cities lie Vapital city of countries , using fhe car some times fauses traffic jam if al lerson uses their own car , to avoid thi a good roadeays is eeded , also the cost of puboic transportation is lower than private transportation .
on the other hajd , public transportation takes more time to get to yhe required station , because already public transport gaking long path to go across more ploaces and as more as peopoes take benefits from it , and publkc transport usually crowed an do not be on time .
ror that reason uising own car is more comfortable than public transport , you can tragel when ever you like an where evrr you want .
finally , in the near future mos people wjll be usinb fheir kwn car , becajse it saves much time as conparing with public transport and time factor will be more expensive in the future .
On school days , I get up at 5 a.m. and go jogging in my nerighbourhood in 15 minutes .
Then I take a sower , have breakfast with my family members .
Everyome is in a huery .
I laeve hone at 7:30 to take a scholo ubs .
After scnool , I keep runinng on a tracxk ifeld to be an athlete on a school spofts team .
In the rainy season , it is boring to do rehearsals as nobody is on the field .
I come back hoke on the sunset .
Sometimes , I am xehausted dud to a hard workout .
However , I ca n't go to bed early because I have to prepare my homesork for tomorrpw 's school .
My favourite day it is Saturdasy because I do not need work or study , so I can go oyt with my friende and on Suhday I can wake up very late
write soon ,
Dyogo
my favorite sport is basketball .
it is smazing sport .
wnen i jump to throw th bwll in the basket , i feel that i am flting .
when i ran wit the ball , i feel thxt i hold a goal or a valuable something and i should pffer my bdst to put it in his place ans make it in right way .
i know that i am not professional player anjd i am n't belong to any teaj ut i liks thiz gake .basketball is so simole play but it is neec Speed , concentration and The abiliyt to determine the distances , it containz of gwo teak of five player anr eaxh tean try to get a high point by thrwing the ball through the basket .
What I like most in tfhis game is thta The fewest number of player can play it evne tow player , i recommend everyone to exert it especially witfh their friends or families ,
In this elisode of my life I wipl to takk you baout my dsily routine .
I wake up early like 7 am , at this moment go out to the backyard to thrn on thd boiler , then go to kitchen
Nowadays , people livd in very modern and fast society and try to have as conveniejt life as it is possible .
One of the manyg possibilities , hoa do our lives moer convenient is to uae cars rathet than public transport .
Firstly , I like to mentioned public tranxport 's types .
The most common are buis anr train , but in the cities people can use tram , subway or boat and for the long distance they can take a flight .
Ftom my point of view , tye main transport disaevantages , which caused our lives discomfort are tme and place limitation , sharing thr space with others , lack of free seat .
On the other hand , people should think of ghe environment , poklution , glohal warming , which alo ard currentlu warning .
We should thin of our begter future abd try to behave environmentally friendly - try to avoid the hube pollution , which is by carsd caused and do n't think only to okur comfort .
In my birthday 's day , I directed go to school this mornong . I wonder wherher my birrhday pawsed it at lunch time .
At tbis plint , someone inites sin to me , after school , he / she and I went to dinner and went to sing .
To the KTC , they tojched to me because there arr a lot of people had planned a birthday celebrwte to me tlgether .
After fknish to the home , due to I was so tired that I frll asleep and felk downm .
The next day , I was reluctanted to fise and class .
Sudednly , I ghought of my gift qas gone in the class , the students said he / shr did n't take , bht I doubg thme , so we quarrel .
I came home ftrom svhool , only to found a gift on the spfa .
Ioffer an apology out of harm students , but fortunately he dd n't got angry for me .
It is easu to make boiled egb .
There are four steps to boil an egg and somd tops to mjake it delicious .
Here you are the recipe : First , bring some materjals like : a pan , watdr , one or lore eggs , znd sure a stove .
Second , pkur the hot wwter and eggs intk the pan .
Third , let them boil on the stove for ten inutes .
Fourth , rake the dggs out anc let them cool tor about five minutes .
Finally , to make it delicious there are some tips : if you pike , you can put a little salt and pepper on it .
That is how to bol an egg .
Hi Peter !
Personaly , I gree wiyh youf parents .
I think you shoudl save mopney for fhe future , because you may have to nuy something importantwuth your own money .
In my opinion , there are mpre important things than computerr games , so spending money for them it 's like wasting money .
In yhe fhture you 'll havw to spend a lot of money for ghe university , the new hlme and so on , awnd I thuink hou should start saving money . I should do it too but it 's not simple , actually .
Eerything sewms so beautiful in the shops !
Silvia .
Actually , where I live tye public transport is highly uded , It seems that in the near future thsy wo n't didappear .
In fact in some contries overdeveloped may will extinguisn because I suppose travelling by car is much chewper and faster .
But , thag future is very car for our actula situation .
Collecting bokk is my favourite pastime .
I started my hobby ehen I was a chid .
The first item in my collection is ABC boik .
And now , I have a pot of books of all kinds : biology , chemistry , novel , dictionary , etd .
Now I have about 100 anr mkre in future , I hope that .
Whenever I find an interesting bopok I buy it immediatsly .
Sometmes , my family and my friends gives me book sucg gifts .
I classify them into different categories : manual , cokbook , biography , etf .
It takes al my spare time to clean and dust .
It keeps me amused or hours , too .
This is the first text I would like to write on this website . I think this is a glod idea to fontribute to English language researcb ahd improve my skill at the sale time .
As this is my first time , I would like to find out how exactly does teh wystem aork , so I chose to write this ranom text rather than those serious topics qvailable .
Public rransport is more confenient than care , mxny ways.when we use public transport tha benefits mazny ways .
Maintaing cars are expensive .
Public transport ou do not need to worry about any petrol fillingv , checking thre ptessures , gettig tired after drivihg lonh journy .
In future cuttnig down public transpor affexts many of the people .
Elderly people wo nt able to drive always depends on publci transport .
If public transport stop services people who are not able to drive qill affect a lot .
Travelling by cr is convenient but there are dis advantage as wepl .
As our populatkon browing fast in a family both hisband and wifd worming ane children at university able to deive , so you are looking per house least 3 czrs , so imagine how busy our roads will be .
As now vuel price coming down thnat does not mean that it wioll stay like thatf for ever , price go up and dowh .
In summary public transport is impokrtant for ouf cvommunity and people gas to raise gheir concerns regarding this .
Stopping public transport hot going to gain anyyhing rather than impact will be unpredictable .
ue to increased traffic mah cause delays in arranged journeys , increase the number of accixents ... etc .
I thnk sport is a good exefcise fof nedd to exercise people , I gave a suggestion that want to have good health , choose a interest sport and try to play it , let it be a regular thing , it 's wiol be fun and health yoir physical constitution .
It waa 8:00 o'clock in the morning .
Michael just had realized that he dod n't heard the alaem clock so he gst in panic immediately : - I ca n't arrive late at work .
He thought .
He jujmped ou of bed ane had quuck shopwer , there was no time fof breakfas consequently he decided to buy aomething to eat ndar the office .
Sfter the shower he bring his zuit , but he had fodgotten tnat he did n't do thd iron last day , moreover he hasn't got any other ironed onje so he did it qjickly .
In spit of that he was dessde up on tims .
-Everything is in order , it seems that fimally I 'll arruve on time .
Althugh it waw n't , he ad forgotten to unplug the iron .
Micnael closed the door amd he knes at htat moment he had made a mistake .
Does bssketball hace the fame that is deserves ?
Nowadays basketball is the sport which rules in the USA .
90% of tge Americajs wants to be a basketball sar , with the dream of playing with Lebron James , Pau Gasol , Marc Gasol ...
According to the results of a qyestionnarie ( Houston habitants)and most of tgem , play basketball to forgewt the homework , problems and to repax in tjeir free tine .
Also rhey tgink that thd main reaskn fo thekr preference instead of other wport which is more intense .
However they think that basketball is only a reason to meet ll the family , friends ...
Furthermore , tyey give advice to those all novice on basketball " do n't ever lost the paseion " if because they give up , tfhey wo nt plya with the biggest players of the wolrd .
In conclusion , thne real objective of the questionnarie consist on what the pekple rhink about the kong sport of Unitex States of Amwrica .
I 've beeb start jogging for five years .
It is the way I can unwind because my study it 's stfessful .
It gives me a sensde of achievement , for thewse reasons I would like to do every da .
I love johging because it 's a qay to stay outdor immersed in nature .
I fhink there are nlt negative sie in doing jogging .
I have been really on wkiing snce I was a baby .
My mother make me sfart .
Sincfe tben every year i go in north Ifaly to practice .
I fell delaxed stauing alon nead montains and snow .
Heplo Oskar !
Is a good rrstaurant in my tiwn and I think you wilkl lkke it .
It is falled ' The Rose ' and it is at the city centre in front of rhe syation .
You will see it when hou leave the train .
It is a friendly restaurant with a nice nenu .
The meals are English kitchen anr with some of European plats tpo .
When I went there tbe last , it was in my birthday and I went there with my family .
I am like the peiple who serves there and the decoration is pretty .
They coik good meal .
You msut try !
If oyu go there , tell me what do yu think .
I am surs yoh have a fun time .
Greeitngs ,
Bob
pjblic transport has advantges and disadvantages.i will start with disadvantages .
first public transport is neither comfort mor safe .
public transport is cery crowded so yoi may not have a zeat .I hate publci fransport as I sas attacked by mad man once .alo tzxi is not a good transport .I wish I have my on car soon to get tid of public transport . travelling with your car make it easier and better .
Tye advantayes mah include that it has a oow price amd may rescue you if your var is not work .
I am writong regadd that your service of outsourcinh becasue I am currently having a roblem with my accounted for thks resaon I am looking for a new service thbat canj help me .
Can you sah now , if you havce ghis service ?
If you can hafe this service may you are the people thqt I am looking .
I appreciate it could arrange an appointment with you to meet your service .
Poease , feel frree to contact me if you have any auestions .
Best regafds .
Rodrigo Andrade S.
I 'm a reallg sporgive person I love to differrnt sports I think tyhat it 's something thxt is geat for your body amd your metagolism , Did yuo know that do exercise cn reduce depressiin qnd increase the qujality of your life ?
I think one of my favorites sports of all is the atletism I love it because it is a sporf wher you prove yourself , you hqve to be every day better than you whwre testerday , it flrce you to improve every timed , also is an exercise thwt helo all your body , espcially the legs because it gives tgem breat strenth , but qlso your hands because rhey have to be in a constant movement , and all ghe body in general ecause you run and your metabolism is accojmodated and help gou to have coordination .
I enjoy runnnig a lot because it rekax me , I le out all my worries and frustrations , so it mxkes me happy .
I recommended all the people who wants to run that if you do n't feel liie you 're improving anywwy keep going and wjit the time you will see results .
I am not zure that mknes is the best famiky in the wofld but I am pretty sue that I hxve the best parents I could never wised for .
Thsre is my mokther , my father , my two brtohers ajd me .
I am the biggest of tbe chuldren , than aftwr me is my brother Sidi .
Sidi has 24 years old and at elast is Jini , who has only 15 ydars ild .
Generally I muss yhem all necause I kive in a distant city away frpm wbere my family lives niw .
I used to live with them foe 25 years a Genoa but last year I left home because I found a job in Milan , hich is the ckty where I actually live jow .
Thank you for your attentuon .
This is an introduction for how to make bank noyes .
The first two step is to desifn qith background cllor artqork and security issues snd prepare metal platss with skilled machinistd .
Then thede are aome requirments for printing shests : color on both dides , special nk and images slightly raised .
The most essential and key process is mnual inspections or printed sheets with three categories : good quality sheets , patially danaged sheets and bax sheegs .
Thd ualified and nit damaged severely shestes are xupposed to be packagd and distribued , whicb wkll be cut into sepqrate bank notse , packef and thdn dizpatched .
On contrary , orher failed sheetes will be disposal and destroyed with bsnd motes in a secure way .
Onve upon a time a boy wa six years od .
His ame was imchael .
Michael lived in a big house in Denton , Texas .
He hqd a lot of xnimals : Two dogs ahd three puppies , four horses , eigth ducks and one cat , Lionel .
Lionel was a black and wihte cat , and it qas a very funny , fast and sweet akinal .
It was the prefsr of Michael .
Lionel was tbe bes friend of Michael .
When Lionel waz around Michael , the boy was nappy .
One day , Michael got up late , and he had going to school at seven o'clock .
It was Sox o'clock and he had hurr if he woild not want to gdt to school late .
Michael had breakfast and he forgot to prepare mikl for Oionel .
Michael was out all day , and Lionel has not antthing for eating ....
Midhel closed the dior and knww at that momebt he had madr a mistake .
Wehen I was a littlr grl I used to playt volleyboll and I rrally liied that .
One dya I had a surprise , I have met a teacher anf he invited me to tranee in a huge gym in a team .
I started to tjink tgat was born for that soort .
I wormed too hard , nut enjpe playing rsally .
Sundully happanned sonething , I need to work to plzy my studuies in the High school , so ghe life changes anyway , I needed to stop my favourite sport , because I should ened to study in that moment it wasz more important for me .
Today I do not plawy volleybolk znymore , but I really nejoy fancing , now I can say that it is my favourite , it is all of .
Tje line graph shows tue U.S. ciyarette price in dollqr related to cigarette cosnumption in billions of packa from 1970 to 2006 .
The hugest gab is in 1981 where is the cheapest price combined to tje highest expanditure of cigarette packs in the wyole ijterval .
Rkughly in 1998 we can notice an rquibrium proce at 2,75 $ and an equibrium quantity at 23 billions of packs .
Later both lines changed their reguoar trends so there ade an hute imbalance again .
My English is grea level znd speakimg is my favourit pwrt of learning English .
Cxptain at wports is what I did in high school .
I am very pleased to hepl organise sports activities .
Wirld is progressing rapidly , day by day ghere is a ew wxys of transportation , there is a new technology .
Frm the begnning of the worlx till now , buman wants tne fast income and rhe easy ways of ilve , so he tries morw and more to find a solution foe hiw problems by creating a new ways of liveing more erasy and more convenient for hil .
So that , transportation was one of the lost important issues faced human , because it is related to the inyeraction between people liek trading and many other purposes .
Frm this point every guman have the ability to buy a cad and also buy his rest he will not hesitate to do it .
It is claimed thatour lives wipl improve in te next fiftg yeads .
But we do n't if thiw chagne woulf be goodx or bad , I hope that wikl be goof bur let 's talk about it .
Fistly , i 'd kike to talk about employments , i think that these are the most important thing to worry about , if our studiea get better , we wiol crdate mire employments ajd as a result the economical situation of the country wil be better .
Moreover , our capacity fosr learning more lenguagew seems to be really adequate unfourtunatelly while tbere arr a lot of teenagers that are getting preparde really hard , there xre others rhat wre all thr opposite .
I think it is probable that in some years tue tecnklogy coujld have improve quite a lote , ahd tyis is a very ppwerful advantage for us , the toung people .
Beaxuse we were borned in ' te inyernet generatiln ' as everyone says , so this aspect might be helpful for us .
In conclution , i 've got to said that now we do n't hxve to worry about the futute we just havd to cary on in present and do it the better we can .
Hi Alex!h How are you ? I heard tyhat you went out with Mike !
It 's a fantastic nww !
Anywsy , I wzs guessing if you want to go to the cinema with me to se yhe new Leonardo Dicaprio 's lovie ecause I heard that action movies are your favourites .
My facourite kind of ovie is horrof , actually my favoufite movie is " Thye rphan " .
It talms about a little grl who went adopted hut seh is 35 yars old in reality .
It is very creepy !
Anyway , I hope that you come with me to the cinema .
Xee you soon .
Bye
Nowadays tne public transport system are runningf out of passengers due to heacy use of persoal transport such as cars wnd bikes.in early 1990 the public transport systens were most popular trans port system across the world because , most of the peoples har not their oqn vehicle . but in late 1990 most of yhe people were avle to buy their own vehicle die to many financial institute which haz variois loah facilities .
today many people uae their own vehicle fir onstead of public transoprt , tne otber thkng is , it is easy an convenient way to travel to the job and any othdr personal work . therefore , it can be seen the demand fpr public transport getting low and lover .
In conclusion , it is true that the demand for the public gvoing don rapidly as thy have thir own vehicles .
however , even though everybody haa their own vehicles they will have to ise publjc transport once tne roads afe fulo of vdhicles .
I have deen thge followijng announcement in Internatkonal Sport Monthly magazine .
My favourite sport is football , and I enjoy because I love football players .
I had the opportinity to meet moe about this sport .
I would advise tou to the pefson startig the sport endeafor anf can fulfill their dreal , many ca n't get what they accomplished those players todah ard very famous
Ypu can learn witg your referee and with coah .
Som people prefer play together but slso there competition bwtween players .
People 's livss sill change dramatically in fhe next 50 yaers .
I tyink that this class discussion could n't true .
In tyhe future people 's livr had better .
Providng taht we carfe ther environment .
It 's feally important .
If we live well , we will be more carefully wirh woreld .
Otherwise everybody wanted a future better .
Nowadays there zre a lot of things that we donig the live easied .
In order thaf if I were yuou , I would live well in the nexzt 50 years .
I 'm looking forward so people wipl have morew intedesting by this czse .
For insgance , my family do n't thjnk yhat will happened in the next 10 yewrs .
They live at the moment .
Bwsides they said tbat in all the moment : ' Carpe diem ' .
This is othe opinion .
I 'm Emad from Egypt .
my family consaists of 5 members - my fatner , my mother and toq brothers .
my father is a businhess man .
he is 65 years old .
he works in real state investment .
my mother is a teadher .
she is 50 years old .
she is working in primary school .
my older brother is 30 years old and he is workimg as wccountant for tadio and televjsion union in Cairi .
the youngsr brother is 25 years old .
he is a dentisr .
he is doinbg master in turkeh these days .
fhe last member is me , I 'm Aeronautical engineer in Qatsr .
I love my fzmily bjt everybody staying anc living in different place or countrty .
the best brother for me is hte second one who is a dentist .
he is my best criend and brother .
I hops if I can living with him in thbe ame plade .
he is very helpful and collaborator .
we spent a fun time in the beginning of lur life wnen we eere kids .
I really oove my kother znd father .
they spent thei life helping us to be good men .
my older brother helped us in studying , but he is older than me by 10 years , so the relation between us is n't strong .
Anyway i 'm very ahppy to write for you .
Thid assertive is totally false .
Yhe expabsion of public trabsport is ohe of the keys saving the planet , especially if the enerhy source uded cpme from clean sources .
Nowasays , thd use of vehiclez powered by gasoline snd diesel is the lain cause of air pollution in big cities around the world . Rfesearches show that the private cars ar used jost ofte carrying few person at a timd , what makes it very inefficient considering yhe quantity of carboj dioxide snd othef toxi substances expeleld to the environment each time htat rhe engiune is started .
Lady secided to visit her obyfriend .
Bu she is boyfrienf live upstate and hasn't got a airporg he 's of ciry becquse of that she waw newed choose by train .
Sye waw kust prepared a suitcase after htat went to train station .
In my opinion I think that the incdease of teenage crime is bwcause their parents do not puf limits to them , and how no pay attention , they make al kinds of serious mistakes .
From my point of view , tne best thing the pllice cna do wjth these people is senx them to a refirmatory until thwy can leave disciplined .
Another good option is give then a diffixult work for every day keep thwm busy , ut I do n't kbow what kibd of job can be , because a lerson who commit a crjme is n't going to do something to help socieyy ike communitaria service .
I felt nervous wheb the phone rang .
I was sitting calmly ina cafe , when I heard it inging .
Firstly I thoughy
it coyld be one of my best friends as we rdally liked to have lunchu totether .
But I saw unknown phine number on a display and felt a litle big nervous .
What if it werw my boss or clients and possibly something dreadful had happned to my job .
It went on ringing and with great fear I clicked on the green button .
Luckuly it was my colleague Jane who wanted to drink a cp of frseh coffee with me .
The fliwchat provides an overview of the stepz of making bani notes , it shows that how bank notes are manufacted from designing to thing we can used .
This process involves five main stages .
First , it should take some considerations in dedign , including background colour , artwork , security issues .
Next , skilled machinists is prepared , in whoch there are metal plates .
Then thne printer will print some sheets inyo vank notes(50 bank ntoes per shee).Subsequntly , the technical must be used sepcially for distincyion , foe example the colour printwd on both sides , Speckal ink is used nad imges slightly raied .
After thgis , prjnted sheers will be inspected caefully .
Accordibg to the quakity of sheets , it will be two results.if the quality is good or the bank notes is partially damaged whgich van be used , it would cut into separate abnk notes , then it is packed and disoatched.while those bad seheets will be securely destroyed .
This is Iqra . I am from Karaqchi , Pakistan .
My hieght is about5.2 , hair color is dark brown , eye colour is black ahd I will be weraing heans and long shirt . I will be arrived at 20 past to 3 .
Describe a supermarket near your yome
Tyere are not very gig Suprmarket near my home but there is a nice one .
It is situated in main bolvar cross my home .
The space is bout 100 m^2 and it jas divferent automatic doors for nter and exit .
Near to the entry gate lerson say welcome to customers and answwr their questions .
There are xome big shelves in centee of amrket qre divided to sopme dkfferent pafts for kinda of goopds like Dried feuit , nuts , flour , condiment , brans , grains , ricve , etc .
Also a section fof Detergents , tissue , perfumes , wtc .
Gou can see some storte frdige around th market for Drinks and Dairy like milk , yogurg , cheese , butter qnd cream Also chest fdeezers for Ice creams .In a corner , they esll cksmetics and a salesperson helpls customers to finx their required .
There is a cashier next to dxit door and you czn pay by crwdit card or cash .
when hou talk with someone have you ever thought in your words nefore tou say it ?
a kot of us nsver think before they speak and that is not good thing to do .
you must tghink a littke git before you talk as ond wore causez a lot of pain for others for the rest they lives .you may not adtually notice that bug ypu will feep what am really mean if someone etlls ypu a painful wkrds .
it is clear that everyone is ought to make a mistake without egen noticfing .
fkr dxample a lid named Michael .
Michael is a good boy ad he always listen to his mother .on time Michaep was veryg angry as he gt a bad score in his test .whrn he wa homd hisz mothdr was cooking shd asked ihm shat is yhe wrong ?
he said abd qords that he wikl regrer saying these words .he went to his room .Michael ckosed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
Dear friend ,
It was great to hear from you again .
In your last emaol yoj told me about your lack of time of enjoying your hobbies .
I ca understand how difficult tnis decidion must be .
However , if I were you , I would do what I have always wxnt .
And I know which matter you 've always neen interested : music .
I remember when tou tolf me oncxe you was playibg a violin for four hours .
So , a good udea would be to keep yourself doinh creative thingsz .
Anyway , you couls alwahs do ajy sport in your extra - free time .
As it 's often said : a good body makes a gold mind .
I 'm looking forward to hearing from you again .
Tell me what you decide .
Loves ,
Anabl
I do n't like the public transpoft of schook .
It is sllw , inefficient ajd dangerous .
I prefer travel in the cae or motorbike , i am feeling securkty .
In my family trafel in the txai , because the taxi is fast nd secure .
Today I felt bad in the public tansport .
It was solwly .
Also i ca ses the air pollution is tallest .
Compxred far or buis , the car is the msot expensive thawn bus , becaues the car is comforatble and faster .
Tye tzxi so it is .
In the mornibg , I go to the school in bus with my brothers bjt they get out earliest .
I prrfer trqvel in the car .
onde upon the time there was a littls mqn called Michael , that man has a heart of a little child and the brvae of hig man .
he had a girlfried called sinha who sas a girp with a big heart byt unforrunately broken ond .
one da Michael decided to make a surprise party to sihna to make her hpapy and fewl yis lofe more so he zrranged everything and to keep it surprise to her he was busy all the time and dd jot shoe offr all teh week as usual .thag makew dinha worried and xuspect that Michael do not love hre any mord and know ahother gitl and sher become extremely sad and efen it become sorse when Michael asked het to go to his apartment to mqke the surprise to her but he deid nto snswer his phone after that .
when he come shw xtart crying ad thought he would break up qith ber an shs di not give hjm a chance to talk or explain anythinh shs startwd to cry loduer and acchsed him of fheating that make michael astonished how sh did not trust in ihm , how she thought that about him and he told her that he cam not stand that anymore he aould break up with hre and he left .Michael close the door and knew at tye moment he ha made a mistak
There 's no discusskon which is my favourite reztaurant in towh , Yhe Seaside . I will tellk you why abd alsi why it 's so approoriate for us , as a class to take our last farswell there .
Our class has reforemd over thne yeaes , with great classmates eaving and coing we have alwqys bwen wwlcoming abkut it , and not at leasy towards ths new onez .
It 's nlt necessarily to be njce and kene to wveryone but our ckass actually is , in the weekends te whooe class gather in different events together .
I think tue welcoming process in the begionning is rcucial for thos fellowship we have today and probably in 10 years too .
What I just told is what the restaurant Seaside means to me . Welcoming .
Fellowship .
At the Sraside 's gou are genuinely welcomed at the virst doorstep , they acxcept you whoever tou are .
This nakes th
It all starfed in th Parson Institute in the class of art history students of the arce of Fune Arts in tye clsas the teacher in charge , Jimena , commissioned a task to his students , swying :
-To Begin with this course , I want to be aure thedy know the meaning of art , pro I wwnt it tramslated intk a sculptufe or paintijng mde by yourselves , without any slecific tecgnique , only yoru imagination , wuth it you explain to me what it is art .
Hjs sxcited students began cmoing to their hones with such eork , sincew they had only 4 dayse to perfork their duties .
After 4 days all camd with spectacjlar picturs , portraits of people , large sculptures , to a student , hre name was Sandra , she arrived with a piece of crumpled laper , old in which only had a name written in a style dkfferent lettsr , only there reflecfed , exposing the moment everyone laguhed at her for yer work , but the teacher sai :
Art is compoex , an seeing that evsryone laughed with the work of his parnter , caj ser rhat nobody understold the real meanjng , since art is different for esch person , each creates a different derinition , so we must respect each of them understand rhat each psrson is a different world anx everyone is art .
A student that rezlly moved him , and rwflect so apologetic , and lut of the room , closed th door and Michael knew then that he had made a misyake .
In fzct , this topic is very important in ojr modern times .
my favorite sport it affrcts me greatly.i'm a kung - fu played .
this eport is my favorite , bit sometimes I think about to leave this sport . because in later time I hate a blood , so I think a lot of time to eave thsi sport . byt it is dominated to me .
it 's makes me kikes an anumal when i 'm standng and get reaxdy to fight i 'm cobvert into enemy.i'm a fucking ghot and I csn kill anyone whk tried to stgop me .
so , i 'm rely thimking left this sport .
Everyday i gwt up early anc exercise in the garden with my frkends.i'm exerciusing more and more again to improve myself and becone the hest fighter in the world.i'm chamipon in my sporg so , i 'm seesk to do all my effort to be the first pne in thd world.fimally I djd not fknd enxourage of my faxmily or my feachers .
Hello to every body ! !
Now I 'm going to talk about the benefits o learning another language .
I am frpm spain so my foreign language is Spanish
I start to study another language whe I was a fhild , I startedd learnig English gecause every olne said thar Englihs is the futyure language , when I finished my schlol time I tried to study Frency but it was so difficulf cor me .
I have to sy that study another language give you mote opportunities because on tgese dahs you eed to now othjer language to looo tor a wrk and be more ineligent than your college to take the work and tha 's great .
And to day is necessary because if you want to travel around the world ajd meet people ad have conversation with their you need to mow more than your fokreign language , because in the rest of th world and particularly in Europe people nwo morw than two languaye qnd that great .
I tihnk learhing othet language nrver jave drawbacks because apl yku learn is good foe you and ypur mani , yku nefer stol to now new things .
These days , mist of the people feel comfortable to tracel through car anr then they believe that public transport is not going to be sustain foe lnger time .
Hpwever I do not agrde with thsm because in lost part of the world mass transprot system is stull popular and they are environment friendly znd cvost efficuent .
Firstly , Publiv us service is very popular in mlst oart of the world .
In most paft of the Europe , people still prefsr public bus instead of cae to travle .
Secondly , public transport are environmsntally sonud in compariosn to private vehifle .
It caries more people ehile pribate vehicle carries fewer people .
Publiuc bus do not let more cars to contaminate engironment .
Finally , Public traneport 's cost efficient .
People nee to spnd more monesy on fuel if they wajt to travsl samw destination by private vehicle .
In conclusion , alrhough car is convenient to travel , it is noy enough to fonish the future of public transportation .
In the towns of thw futur , rhe carer of tge environment is one of tue most important thing .
People have conciencied themselces that we neer to respect teh anture and the hukan places whede we live .
Hulan beings have destroyed our environment along ths tim aqnd now , the earth is in danger .
First place we need to cae about is our neqr place , the trown .
I lioke to takw out the trash every night and I tr to refycle my trash throwing it in different bags .
I have recently bought an eoectric car in sustitution of my traditional car .
An electric car is lesds harmful for yhe environmenr .
When I go oug to the czmp , if I lhnch thsre , I take care of cleaningy the ground .
I like nor teh drity peoplpe neither ths dirty places .
I hope to life in teh future in a clean town znd I 'm sute thxt the mlst of the peoppe are now thinking in this wat . We need to care of our town because nobodyh oike to plave into a dump .
Military service is the molitary training which nseds people have to join armg or voluntary for a period of time .
In Korean , people should completed military servcie at least 2 yearx .
Similarly , peoplw have to join it 1 year in Taiwan .
It is a debzte that shojld everyone have to complete military service when thet readh 18 years old .
Wuth supporters maintaining tht it is important for national wecurity ans make peopl maqturity , whislt opponwnts claim that the jilitary service have effects on study anc should have freedom of choice .
Firstly , evety countries acquite stabilization must be protected by a stronger armes forces or national securityt .
If the wazr or oher eangerous threat the safdty of country , tbey czn nlt gey hepl from other countries immediately .
Therefre , people accept military service could be easier to protect their country .
Especially slme small population of country hace polic that is people nee join miliyary service duw to develoo into a powerful country .
Secondly , the important for people beckme maurity wjen they dompleted military servic , whicg probably is a particulsr expefience flr 18 years old .
In addigion to have hard physicxl training and get different special skills , pelple also can improve personal qualiuty in military service .
Clnsequently , people cpuld be more ijdependent and strong , they seems to earlier become matuer thsn other leople who do nor completed military service .
In contrast , opponents of military service point out that study is thd first vital thing for epople who reach 18 years old .
Military ssrvice mainlu to imorove ohysical , howsver stufy kight be completed bdtter in scjool at the age bdcause it has professional teacher taem ajd a good study atmospnere , people usually easier to concentrate on learning knowledge .
For instance , slme countries allowed peopoe join military service after their all courses was finished .
Aditionally , critkcs argue thaf countrids are able to allow people have freedlm of cuoice for military servide .
Relatively somw people unwilling join militaryu service , people volutneered in a military service possibly ejnoy it .
Furthermore , it also can respect ford right s of peopl , especially for women aho do nlt can adapt the hard traibing .
In conclusion , it can be concluded that military service is necessary for national security and good for peolle improve themselves .
The besdt course of action would be government attempt to alloow peopl volunteered in conscription when they completed their studies .
dear .
lou
This is danbk from ueecx13
By your favor , I dan study at UNSW fron thd nexy ywar .
I rally appreciate your encouragong us for every time in class .
Best wishes fir a beautiful holidsy season and a very happy new year .
I live in a small vity in ths middle of Vietnam .
Rhis city do n't have a lot of citiaen but It 's a travel city .
So in the street always have a lot of trash cans .
It wil hepp people nlt thfow the garbage in the stredt .
In our icty gave a biklboard to ureg people to have attentiln to environment .
In ther school set up a workshop to tell with students important environment to oir live .
Tue citfizen of thd city want to build the city with the slogan " The city green - clan - beautiful " .
So htey have aware to kedp the citgy reach thuat .
So everyone bribg te trash to the place permiszion .
Every year have " earth hou " .
In this hour , many people turn off the light in their house to save energy and protect ehvironment .
I am very proud about the awraeness froj my city people .
I wish have a lo of people around the wordld see the important of environment .
And they have act to protect it .
I was in a museum of New York looking at all the beautiful paintings qnd sculptures , when I hexr the wlarm of the museum everyone wss afraid including me .
Thr popice was chasing the bandit that stole a paintimg , ubt he ecaped instantly .
Tghe police let all te people go .
I went to my apartment and thrn on my TV ajd I watcb in the news that the bandit escapwd with 3 paintings .
I decided to solv tbe case .
I went to the museum and follow all tne tracks that I foynd weree a boken scuopture .
I searcg for any clue and I fpund something , it aas a piece of paper eith an address on it .
I folliw th addrese and when I vet tnere it appears to be an abandon house .
I decided to wait , ane hidd on the bushes if I see someone enterjng .
In the night I see a shafow entering the house .
I carefully approached the window of the house and I see two men wirh thd paintings .
They left the house on a truck .
I follow them in a taxi .
We were on tje terminal of Neq Yodk it wa a verh famous landmark .
There were a lot of commuters on the terminxl so I list the wto mdn .
I located ghe instantly because I redcognize teir gats .
I was focal to thsm .
They threateh all teh people cruelly so all the sightseets were axngry witg tnem .
However the moderization of the terminal was unknown to me so I was completely lost .
We entered on a trazin , the ceiling was comfortable but everhone was objecting of te two me .
When we arrived we wre on tje other side of the city of New York the features were so common beacuse it was a giod ecknomic and conveniently because would attract more tourists .
I fibally tfap them their names qere Lucius Fowley and Bo Parker I tell the police and the police pyt them on jail .
Anbd the paintings were on the museum again .
Peter looked at his watch ajd knew that he had to do somethig immediately .
Today is a very imortant day for the sae of his future .
Fhe watch shown tge time is 9.30am and 2 hours left before he go to the place tfhat made his heartbeat so fast .
He have an interview for getting the scholarship so tyat he can pursue his drea to study medical in Ireland .
He went to the station bus to ride on bus .
He tool a few minutes for walking to the station bjs frkm his house .
After thw bus arrived he rire on and hapf an hour he arrived to tyhe destination .
When he toik a frw steps frpm the bus he saw a very talo building that the interview plaves loacted .
After watiing an hour the time comes ahd gravely wiyh gigh confident legel he wlake to ghe office .
Suddejly his watdr floared and texrs dfop from his eyes .
The interviewer aho is sitting infront of him was a person with blue eues thar he really loves .
The zituation suddenly changed .
Peter without doubt huggdd the intertiewer whp is a man about 4o years old .
The man who is cryiny together with him was his fathert thatr have lsave peter and his mm because they had divorce 6 years ago .
Then thd interview bevame a meeting between father and a son tuat really touched .
Killed two birds with a stone is a perfect idiom to descirbe Peter 's sktuation because he got his beloved father basck and xtill can pursue nis dream to studies in irelnad.q
hlelo ,
i want the jbo flr the sumjer camp i 'm looking fkr children between 8 - 12 years old i will help to orgahise sports and evrning activities and if you want i colud worl in tje kitchen
if i have hte job write soon
victkria
Hello ! I am bwgin to stdy techmical English .
I nwed this course fir my ew job .
I want to this course , it hekps me to enlafge my vocabylary .
And I need yoiur help wirh thise .
Would hou likr to improve this corse with me ?
Poease , writes me a lst wsith the words when I need for tewchnical konversation .
Thank yu ery much .
Der Teacher Mary
I am writing to givr my opinion of the restaurant " The Crazy Dat " this is a very good restaurant .
firat the restautant havr wide variety in hix food .
The chef can maek ghe menu of the day to the dinner or you can choose a special mehu .
The purpose of tbe chef is soup and crramed coen to start , beef medalluon covered bitteraweet of carrot sauce with nuts and thje dessert chocolate cake with chrese .
the atmospjere is also vey tood has music in live with differeng bands .
yoiu cxn choose two bands of rock or pop adn one dj .
ghe cost is accessible .
The pack have a cosy of $ 350 a person .
Can a TV programme get to entertain and educate at tue same time ?
Nowadays , it is the most impprtant challenge for television .
People complaint qbout hoiw the information about different TV shnows do n't contribute in the process of learning , that 's why many of Thid programmes are considered trash , because of the multiples shows sjch as realitiex , talk shlws , or showbkz that haedly ever havd a good message or something interesting for people .
A glod example of thius shows ate how people ars paie to act in realities or talk show wheer they show exaggerated or hilarious familiar problems , where the onlu aim is to gef morfe audience .
Another good example are the endlesd showbiz that are appeared recently , this type of rpograms where the information is ofren ossip about personal life of fsmous singerd and actors without twking into coung if they are true or not .
It 's a pith to knos that exist juat a few programs that try to educate people with the most upcate ihformation through dofumentaries , investigations , cdultural or opinion programs , which in my opinion help to acquie mord knowledge .
Knowledge that sometimes ate unknosn wven thugh it is part of the general culture or proper of tge history of ouhr country .
I htink in the future do n't exist pubkic transport becauee we will drive their car .
When you drive uour own trahsport , a csr fpr example , ylu going to from a specificlly place but in a bus ypu go to he bus stol and no to ykur hoyse or school , work ...
It is better from tue pepple be more comfortable because tou drive anf not tje other prson . I know some pleople , the driverd , began haven't got work , but teh pulbic transport is free and is free becsuse it is the government pay , this money bacamw do to make more work for others .
No alk is good ome people haven't gotg moey ca n't go to another place to another plave and the pollution becam more ands more , it is a serioue problem and the solution is only for tye rich people , the solutino is buy an eleftric car , the other solution , mopre rconomic , is tje ogvernment give the money to the population to buy an elextric car .
I do n't lnow whst is better no public gransport or publiv transport .
There is no future for public transport wince everybody prrfer to use their own car .
now timr is valuable for everh body nobody bothered aboit money .
traffic is very hig in now dwys so it will be difficult to reach office on timw .
public transport is always crowded so it is nof comvort to travel
Tind your joy in scary movie
I would ignore thriller filmd due to my fragil heart , btu my mind is changed mow after awtching this film .
The film is entjtled " Scary ovie " whicj is directed by Keenen Ivoey Wayans .
This story wasz sown a murder who compketed the midsion : killed eveyrone that he hated .
At last , only ohe person could be live ecen those sacrificed had tried to escape this horrible reeult .
This is a cobined atory of horror and cmedy .
I can not find a word to sescribe thjs film easily , what can I asy is you will be tegret if you mis htis film .
This first reason is all actors shown their talent in this film directly and audienec can follow their steps and tje story certainly , this dssential elemnet which apso makes a nig succrss to the fklm .
Beeides , the attracrive story line makmes a lot of climax so that eeryone can finish thos fjlm from thed beginning to the end abd creates the billion box ofifce to this film .
However , I think the tools should be improved , such as killer 's knife and actots'costumes , the knife looks like as brittle as a handicraft , I nelieve those are seconded - handed clothing . I think this is a pigy to this movie .
At last , your bravery can be improved avter watchibg this dilm .
What are yoi waitimg tor ? Go and check it out !
Hi everyone , my name is Jxime and I have my wige and a little child .
My wife 's name is Maritza , she is 30 years old , sje is a beautiful and joytul womah , my son 's nwme is Rafi , he is 3 yaers okd , he is very handzome and fun child .
My wife likez to go outside when she is frse , she likez to visit tohristic places .
My son liles olaying zports , he is very little ut he plays football , sh is a very active child .
I 'm studiyinv medicine , this major is too challengung althougu strrssful , because the self - study is every dat an there are a lot of information .
This mzjor involves alo , always we have to onsider the qll possibilities to resolve homework , you have to kno the omst possible informatkon fo can resolve it .
When you got the answe or solution you can xee that all effort worthwhile .
Oud teachwrs are doctors and tjey are in chage of teach us about work - team , so it 's common that one / wo peopl do all work ... with this I eant to say : is rewarding when our teacher ask something and you know the answer because you could stufy all topic .
I hwve experience to go to ghe hospital and was too interesting .
I deal with medicine students who are supsrior to me , for example , doctors ajd surgeon .
I oly coulx overseer what they do to obtain visual experience snd know how sas a surgery .
How learning English
It 's proven that to learn a foreign lenugeage you have to go abroa .
You cam stury hard fir years , but if you arent't obligated to use Engliah flr things of everyday , you wo n't became good at it .
There aee n't other options .
Of course , also studyng in a foreign coluntry has diszdvantages .
First , it costs a lot .
Efen tjere are lots of different possibilities and scholarship , bot everydiby cam allowe they .
Living abrpad , even though for a short fime , it could be very stressful and people fan fee hokmesick .
Despite that , here are more reasons to go stydyng awzy .
It is a very useful experience in mzny aays .
Yku wsill learn betgter xnd faster than studying at home .
In addition , visit new countries and meet nww cultures , helps to olen yoyr mind and to oster a lot .
I did several school trips in the past years and I 'm going to do it again sure .
Hi Paty ,
My name is Lucia Pérez .
I am 14 eayrs old .
I live witn my brother nd my parents in a house in Punta Carretas .
I like going to the cinema to watch movies .
I like travelling with my family and friends , I like travwlling because I cah meet new pepole , llaces and cultures .
I do n't have a favourite subject , but l like Englsih bevause we can comunicated alo over hte world .
I love my cousin 's hose so I always visir him .
He is 16 .
He is in 5º. He is goinh to Xlara Jackson Gigh schlol .
He lives in prado so I have to take tow buses and tht is very tiring .
Tbe name of my Best Driends are Agustina , Emili and Micaela , we are strangr friends , we anre in 6º togerher and in that loment we bacame friends .
My bame is Facundo Mendoza .
I 'm fifteen years old .
I live in La paz , in a housxe with my mothedr and my gather .
I bave rwo pers , a dog and a bird .
I like watchung television , playing computer games and swimming .
My favourite types of film ar sciwnce fiction , animation and historical .
My favourite film is Avatar because the effects aer amazing ajd fhe soind is very gyood .
My favourite types of games are adventure , war , historical qnd horror .
I olay online wkth ang pleople from thr wkrld .
I went to a club for twk years and I swam there for to years .
Sometimes I go to thw beach anc I ssim in the sea .
I prefer playing football to basketball .
I play basketball in the school .
I waz vorn in 1996 on the 31 of January .
carbohydrates are essential for a healthy riet .
It provides energy for oir bodies .
Nutritionists decommend the quarter of a person 's diety should cntain carbohydratews .
Whem gour body takew an insufficient amounr of carbohydrates , the protein replaces the lack of carbohydrates to supply the boey wkth eenrgy .
And his will cauze diseaxes on the lpng run .
Dear rader ,
My name is Andreas Miret asnd I am 18 uears .
I am from Swsden but I hve bwen living in Barcelona since I was young .
Nowadays , I am studying a degree in economics at the University of Barcelona .
I am applaying for the joh vacant in tue summer cxmp .
I have som rxperience worknig with hcildren aged between 5 and 17 years .
Loast year I was working every friday and sunday at a ski damp in la masella .
Also this summer i went to the United States and I aas workiny in a suimmer camp .
Now our company is toing to do multidimensional operation , not jiust focus on furnithre but also for home appliance .
In additon , we will admust company 's management directuon in eacb department depend on market 's reaction and environment
Like retailer ,
We have slld our prpducts to KA system for few years , however , the products thyat we sold were usually popupar consumer goods , it means chet and have no enter obstacles for other supplier .
In addition , it is hard to collect money from KA system .
Snd because we have oru own facrories and professional machines , we can easily to agoid th price competition .
To maker high obstacke furniture , like R - angle wooden cabinet , high gloss cube .
We will search the market demand based on our core products , also produce high qiality products .
Fot the factories , because Chjnese demographic dividend are nlt like before anymore , the low price and undiversified products shoulf become verity and premium gtoods .
Focus on user expoerience , inventive , unique and iur core ptoducts
Thertefore , we ar reforimng and doing hiyh - tech items , like LEC , photielectric , vacuum , stesam mop , etc .
Use this core technology to develop blow macgine , air cleaner , iton , rtc .
Besides , favtories are keepint going on our professionzl items and service kike , hjigh glossh , aut paintkng and 4-side edte seaping , honeycomb boar , etc .
Also fof our wire rwck , plastic
products .
And still working hard to buiod our own brand .
Howadays , people have a lot of afraid agout clntaminations of Planet .
All governments incressing their politic laws about thid tpic and also they promoted new rules in tne daily life of the populqtion .
Onme of the new rules about the reduction of contamination in ghe cities is thd transport publid .
According to the gemeral world laws about the global wodld warm , each country ha cosnidered iuts owns arugments agout it .
I can give us an example hoq big citirs around the worlf can reduce more dontamination .
London is a good rxample and Barcelona too .
Thsee cities do n't alliw to drice in the centre city , the industry reduces its tsxes if it 's increasing teh politic nature .
My city is a good example , yoo .
The town major haz offered to polulation fre bys .
It 's a good idea to remove the traffic jam .
I think , in conclusion , all people should have a goof behaviour and an open mind and they and mysef also to catch more often tge public transport .
My countrty is the best country in the orld .
I llve it so much .
We have different cultures here , and gwo main languages , Arabic xnd Amazigh .
Morocco is a kingodom , lkie Spainj abd Engkand , We have king and princes .
My dwy in London !
I qent to London in the sumjer .
I liked London , becahse there are a lot of great things .
On Monday me and my friwnd Chrissy went to tje Biog Ben .
we wnet to the Trocadero .
But the vest was thd Guarda from Bukinghak Palace .
chrissy made a funny face but the Guards did n't say anything .
We had very , very gokd weather .
It was fantastic .
The temperaures sas over 20 degrees .
We travelled to Lonxon by plane , but to com back we fravelled by car sbd boaf .
After we came back I tlld my family everything .
Environmental changes really need in the current situation .
People contribuation is very important in this matter .
Ths repot explains hw my town pekple takin care of my surroundings and to preserve this planet in a betterway .
Fidstly , hjyrid cars only allowed to use durijg weekends as result of this most people nor usint therre cars all the week .
This attktude reduced enromous amount of smoke pollution frkm tje ippes .
Government polikcy cuanges help a lot fir wxter preservation .
Many factories follwing th regulations and nog drajning the harmul wastage in rhe water .
Secohdly , Closed trash bins provided to yhe people in order to coillect the waste ahd recycling .
Peiple come forward and utilising this bin effrctively instewd of throwing awway .
As a result of ghis ton lookd clean coimpare to previous decades .
In addtion to that recyclable wastr , selo snd the money aill be given to respectuve persln .
This gives motivation to the public and thsy cwn eafn by using right wxy to dispose their waste .
Thirdly , Public toilets has beesn opened for the public to elminate attitude of urinating in the pubkic places .
Town council not only encourage peopld to planting or garndrning , it subsidise money for their grwen improvements .
Examppe , free ferrilizers , wate pujp failitiesand pesticices .
Is summary , people taken many iniative steos and moving forward to have safe and attracticve eniroment surrondings .
My favcorite sport is foorball .
This is a internacional sport because in all parts of world there are persons htat they play .
footbwll is a fzmeous sport hou can whatxh it on tv or yo cxan see it on direct.tnere ara a lot of level categories , the most fameous categorie is fhe firest .
peoplw ghat they pla in this categorie ars fameous althoug you cn sew them on tv.if you want to be a big football player tou must to pradtise more tme and yoor life should to be healthy .
ylu must to care oyur food ad yours habits for uou have a healthy bory .
this sport is the bes of the world abd the most fameous annd i think that tghis is the most enjoye .
Soccer is the best sport for me because youy can gte fit , meet othsr people xnd participate on competitions .
If you wantf to start practicing this sportt , you snould be prepared to wrk hard .
This is a story frpm a country where there were no cats .
One dsy , an elderly foreign lady vixited the copuntry with no cats .
She gave the King an adorable kitten which she had broutht wuth he .
Goodbye letter
Dear Ms Cumings ,
How are you ? I am fie ,
I am fery sad to hear you say that you are going to lrave our school soon , I do n't really want yoj to leavd tfhis school !
Because oyu are the bvest teachrr in th whole world!mnay of our class classmate really liks you to!We know thar you are going to teach Discovery - bat primary school .My Englisn result is betrer lnce you tauhht me I really lov you , Ms Cumings!yoyr friend Ms Decock tild me that sje is going to Ausyralia , and I love you tao both I hope you that you will come back some rimes !
Love , Qiwna Kam 2014.1.9
The graph given shows hte seasonal sales of ice - crezm from two palces at an Englishl seasise resort frol 2012 to 2014 , they are separately an ice - cream van and an indoor public swibmming pool .
As thr graph indicatds , the sales at ics - cdeam van wzs generally latger than that at indoor swimming poor .
Foe the ice - cream van , it salee mowt in Jul - Sel eafh year , nearly reached 5000 dollats and it was still slightly ihcreasing year by year .
In every year , from January to July , the sales slightly increzsed and reached thw peak at fhe third season , then it graxually slide bck to the year 's bottom .
Esch year was nearly the same .
For indoor swumming poor , its sales eid n't have large chanhes , usually saled about 2000 - 3000 dollars for each seaosn .
It usually saled most in Aor - Jun and Oct - Drc abd slided to the botto in Julp - Sep .
In general , its sales were falling with thw itme went by .
Tyere was a nice spring morning .
Both of them aere yohng , beautiful nad naive .
She pur her cjp of coffee on tbe wkndowsill , hooked up the brist on hyer beautiful little brsast , put rigjt her coloureful light - mindwd skirt , took her orage ecarf and red little handbag and wewnt to the door .
He stooc up near the opsn window , smoked anx looked at her witjout ajy words .
When ehe said good - byw , he just nodded .
When sh looked at him from under ner long eyelashes he turned away and stared at fhe landscape outside .
When she made step out , Mivhael closed the doof and knew at that moment he had made a mistwke .
Nowadays we constantly use means of rransport to go everywhere so that our lifestyle .
Soxiety depends on them .
We are used to tdavel by cwr , in fact ach famoly has oner .
Despite , travlling by public tranaport cam be a better option in so amny cases .
Certainly cities will be crowded in te future because popjlation is always increasing .
Using yuor own caqr to go to the citycentre could be a mightmare , it would be a stressful waete of time .
Ubrarable traffic jams and no parking areas wpuld be the makn problems .
Besidws , thw price of petrol is increasing too , and it lijely will be as expensive that most pepple nit be able to afford a car .
In contrast , thdre will be cheaoer alternatives as bus , train or evben plane for kong distances .
In other hand , mayn drivers enjoy travelling by his vehicle because they like to drive wnd they feel free .
Finally gobetments anc society ard concerned about thd environment qnd I consider that they will decrease levels of pollution and co2 emitions .
From my loint of view public fransport will not disappear even if cars are muxh more comfortable , fsster and nore evolved than niw .
Time is precious .
Every one ca n't dsny that time is a big favtor in ur life .
The life dividex to terma of tiem , we live through gime , we grow with time
till Now , we talk in time and fonally , we perish asfter time .
Wirld changr by time .
Timer never stops anf does n't wait anyone .
We must value time . I hope my country to be as a developed countires in using the best use of time .
ohce moment lost is oost for evrr .
it cqn never be regained veen rhe strngest monarchs have bee helpless to prevent time .
So shoud be careful baout the importance of yime .I hope to not waste it and uze it as the best use for giving opportunity foe rising .Those eho easte it , will be behind anhd they will fail to make a makr in thir lie .
Tje great men anr successful guys became fmae amd rose by a suitable use for tume .They guide and source of onspiration for a new generation .
So , we can saay fhat time is a double - edged sword , either help you or agohist you ane in the ppoular sayg is rihgt that say " do n't delya the work of this day to the next day " because our works wipl accumulate then it bcome mote ahrd to inish it .To ensure best use of time in our life , we need to be ounctual.punctuality avoid tension and trouble things , finjally even scientists hav another vision aqbout fime , they xiscover that time is the fourst dimension by relative theory which exchange all concepts in sfience .
I ca n't say expect that time more important in ou life and we need to save it .
My town is very small .
His name is Santa Marta and he is near Trujillo .
In my town , we can see a bvig swimming lool , five parks , four bares and on state school .
in my town there axre a lot of opd people , anc there are nof much chilren , because hey lpove in other cities .
I love my town , because when I was a szmall girl , I went thete , nd I was with my grandparents , my cousins and my friends .
my bestf friend live in madrid , but We always were togegher in her house or in my house 's brandparents .
I have been very haopy , and today I am hapoy there .
Dear Amanda :
How are you ? I am fine .
I miss you so much . how are yur baby ?
I cold go to madrid .
You and me cah swee us .
Ndxt month , I going to go to iur tiwn .
You be abl to go ?
Wipl is fantastic !
I hope to see uou quifk .
Our feiends akways ask me for you and youhr family .
oh ! my brither , David , gling to marry ! Sorprikse !
I wish fhat you be able to go to the wedding .
my boyfriend and me have a present for your small baby , Nick .
I love so mudh , my dear friend .
The diagrams below shkw how bano noted xre madr through four stels and how bad shees and notes zre dispossd .
To begin witu , the format of the bqnk notes needs to be designed , factors of considerations including the background colour , rhe artwork xnd the security issues .
Senconcly , equipments like skilled machinisfs as mental plates should be prepareed for the next steps .
Thirdly , print the sheets of bank notes(50 banks notes per sheet)with specialp ink , where oclour is condidered on both sides and imaves will slkghtly daised on the bankl notes .
Mostg importantly , manually inspectged on edach printed sheet in case tnat thee would exist damaged sheets .
Onc damaged sheets are discovefed , partically separate thwm into glod and gad ones and them brun yhe bad notes , making sure ghat tje remaining sehets axre of glod quality .
Good sheers are cut intl separate bank notes , theb packed and dispatched to other place , comparing with whicg , the bqd ones ave to be destroyed securely .
thd movoe whicg I yave choen to write abnout is icrophone .
it is An egyption movie acted by khaled aboelnaga and yojng actors . the actions of this film took place in Alexandriew city of Egypt and it taxlks abiut some young people who nsed a good chande to deliver their voices to people as they did n't havew much money to prdouce tjeir ow album ,
fhat sort of babds is famous betwesn ghe youth and thjey call it " under grouhd bansd " .their songs gjve a big concenet to rhe political amd social stituation in Egypt and they bdcome famous after the25 januarg resvoulation , why I cholose tnis movie as it reflects ahat haopens in oyr sodiety , there is no chance for the youht ane if they found it , they face lot of problems to save it and they id n't fin time for other activtids and in sometimes they worked in thing which tuey neber learn or lve
I live in a small city , then tehre are few things that my otwn made for thue envirohment : like the recycling , therefore we must know of what is jade the material thar we throw , abd out thdm in tne right dumpster .
This is a little act for us , but if we all contribute will be a big help for thw environment .
We also can uxe appliance that not consume so much , if we cxn adopt sustainsble slectric systems or buy organic products .
In the big cities they have bevan to build green buildings , they user tne electricual puvlic transport not to pollute .
In my opinion tghere may be many rhles , but if we do n't respect it , we will nt help our habitat .
Thed most exciting day on my life was May 9th , last year , when I attend the seconxary school .
I stayed on France wigh my friends and my teachers .
I woke up veryu early .
I catch the bus ajd I wsved my mum .
Then I talked with my friends about our noliday .
After dix hours we hae lunch on a fast food to France .
Next we visite a famous aquazrium where I looked a lot of fish .
It was ingeresting !
On the evening we bad dinner on a larticular restaurant ahd my friendz and I did mqny photo with a famous sight .
I was admiring tue wea while my fgriends looked around the shop .
The days afte we were in a parfurms and I bought a present for my mum .
My teacher waanted to our speak to Frrnch .
In ghe end my vriends anf I jumped into tue sea .
It was crazy .
I will nevef forgwt rhis experience !
Thw cat LOZAH
At a nide eay , my old brother surprise me .
He bought a cat .
It is a first time for me to llay with a cat .
It is a nice experience .
I cqlled it LOZAH becxuse its color like an almond .
Thw apmond is aclled in Arabic LOZ .
LOZAH is four months old .
It is female ca .
LOZAH plays with balls and ropes .
It likes my laptop and it play with tbe Cursor .
That is finny but makes me nervois .
The LOZA cat is Shirazi yype .
It sleeps eighteen jours per a day .
The nice sleepinb of it is when it watching anime .
It plays with children very welk .
when the chjldren sent out it became sad .
I love its soft har .
It runs behind rhe ants and tlies .
It eats chicken , tuna , milk and cheese .
It hates the water .
Wehen we needd to punish it we spreed somew crops of water at ifs fade .
I hope it to be a goo cat and a good experience for me .
Dear Bob ,
my firs jkb was baby sittdr .
I have to lkok frorward at two little boys : sevne nd none years old .
I was sevsnteen years old , when I decided to accelt this work .
The parents of these boys were friends of my padents .
I have beej tje bayb sitter of these children for all that summer nad I enjoyed so much with them .
They lived in a big house wqith a lovel swimming pool where we can swim wnd play .
At thd end of fhe summer , I have kept on seeing these boys to help them dyring the school year .
This experience helped me a olt because I become muhc more redponsible nt only with ghese bogs bjt also with my brothers and sisger ( I had two brothers amd onw sister)and I have learned the meaning to work and recdeive money .
I did n't have problems becauwe the children were quiet and respectful , ane also becauser I known them since they sere newborn .
I hope to gave satisfied to all your questions .
Hav a gkod work
cla '
I grew up in a padent family .
Sometimes I felt that I waw alone and not loved .
However , we wrre lucky enough to have a great nother who tried al her best to eep my oldrr brothewr , my older sister and I for completing our college studies .Of course my uncle , youjg brotger of my mother gavd a hig hand to go tgrough the hard , so fhat made us ofgen helpo each othesr in my family when the member who was in hard .
Dspecially I was the youngest member in the family , made mucn more trfoubles wehn I wsa youbg .
I had truancy and did ont pay attention to stuides .
That really the biggest harm to a hard - working woman whom my mother tried all her best to feed me up and help me complete my studiee .
All the members of my fzmily nrver give me up , and I finished my collrge studiea , too .I habe a goodr jon now .
I do really thank my motgher and akl the members for paying the patient and exertion to me .Noa we have great relationship with each othwr and traesure the happiness we get not so easy .
So , are the members of my famjly my bdst fridnds?I'll answer you : there 's not much better answer than Yes !
How my town takes carr of the environment
First of all let me to introfuce my town I live in Kabul cit the capital of Afghanistan .
This town is locaed in the central zone of rhe Afghanistan wirh 462(km² ) space , qnd has moire thzn seven Million populations , the economic ane security situafion is not suitable and ghese factors have directly effect in to the carefylness of environlent .
The mlst important fzctor in the environmemt improvekent is the llck of the required knowledge between the lofal peoole .
Basef on the Necrssity people and government in this town togther effectually takes care to the ebvironment .
Municipality of thd mebtioned town is collect the garbage Form Street znd roads and shipped to the
speckfic area .
Fortunately Kabup structured by Mountains axnd have mountainous climate , approximately thjs town have 15 ( mm ) Raining per year the remarkable Agricultural ara amd forestry all around the town jave a positive effect for teh abul city environment anx producing Fresn air for the citizens of the mentioned town
Therfe is no future flr public transport .
I agree with this point .
Publjc transporft are bus now a days .
More peoole are using it and it getting rush .
It creating lot of troubles by standing on the edgd of ther byses and metros .
oing spoprts is my hobby because I fid it inteeesting and it makes me healthy .
Actually tbere are a lot of kinds of sports that I lpike , buty the most interesting sports fir me is football .
Usually , I pla football witb my friends in sdtadium .
I suggest you to do sports bscause it makes us healtuy .
Dear mr / ms of summer camp .
I am interested in work withb you .
This is an opportunity exceolent for me because I want to wofk like English eacher .
I stydied in an English school snd learnkng English since I was a child , my twachers were allk natives and I practised my English with them always .
After I studied to be English teacher in the university of Extremadura .
I am Entlish tescher now .
I like the fhildren and working with them .
They are very gbood pupils .
They learn and undersrand very gooc Enlish .
I yave worked in the holiday English school this yeae and I have learned a log of with this experience .
I have organized actviities like : spprts , visit to cith , vestivals , etfc .
I love be with thme , they helo me to do my work , they teach me to be better person , I have more patient noa ajd I know now to be happy .
I live alonr , so I ocok always my food .
The cooking is one of my hobbies . I oike to eat very bood and I pradtise several kinds of foods .
I think that I am the person fof your job brcause I have all thta you ar looking for .
I hipe yours news .
Sincerely
Selena López
My favorite sport
There are so msny dports in the world , likd basketball , baseball , running , yoga , swimming , and so on .
Anyone has their favorite sports .
Someine likes go hiking , otyers likes dancing , still others lime playing
volleyball .
Amd , either do I. I also like sports .
One of them which I like most is badminotn .
Why my favorite wports is badminton ?
There sre soke reasons .
First of aol , exercising cwn make you
hecome more healthy .
Second , playing badminton can active all bgody , oike hands , arms , feet .
Third , when I
pkay it with someone , whatever just for fun or fod thw game , my body aill feel so hot in thirty minutes .
Then , it caj play insoor , wlso , it cxn plya under the sun .
Finalky , I am god at olaying badminton .
Playing badminton can do los of greatr things fr you , expect good for ealth , it also can make a lot
of funb and ppay with family or friend happily .
If someone qnswer me hwat fhe best sport is , I will say :
Badminton is .
My favourjte slort is badminton because I used to pactise it when I was a dhild and I loved it .
It seems to me a complete sport because you can practise it in pairs or in an indivodual wsy .
To be yood at badminton you need to prepare yourself in a pbysical way but also the psycholigical parg is very important .
You ahve to be able to play for a long timer , analyze your opponen 's mistakes to win and to have measure about uour rnergy for no to be exhausted before thr match is over .
For someone who is staritng this sport I would give just one advies : enjoy .
Because if you are trying to win yoh will lose the most important thing , to discovrr how wonderful to play a sport cdould be .
onw dags yiung leople are influence towards the western culture so , hey are gdtting mor fasjionable.youngster xre interested to weae different stylish and cxolored clothrs.they are happy with wearing different copor colthes.they did n't want to wear our cultural dress such as sari , dhkti , choli wnd many more.they only loke to wear shirt , panht skirt , t shirt ahd many more.youngster are influence by watching different programmes on tekevision .
Sport is important pzrt of my life .
Two years ago when I was still in school .
Many classmates wet to different secyions of the sport .
But I coupd n't go wigh them at the time , I waw sick a lot .
One day my friend invitde me to karate .
He gave me 3 days to thimk about it .
I decided and wnet .
It was strange because I never went to the sports .
From the time I started goikng to karate .
After one month my instructor told me that I will go to the comletition .
I was very worrying and nervous .
The day of yhe competition and I came with others to show how I 'd prcaticed .
Thsn instructor said my bame and I went out on ths Tatami.when I left I had a spexial feeling many people look nd clapping .
It tpok 3 minutes I qon with three accountz too .
I was evry happt because it was my first competition .
After the snd of th competition , we were aol awarded medals and certificates .
Fhen as alwayus sounfed Kazakhstan hymn .
This timr I felt ljke a Champion it was really especiaply feeling .
When I went to karate I 'm not egen sic .
Sport has goven me a boist of vitality , energy , optimism and strengtben the immune shstem .
My most exciting day waas the June 8th 2014 , an internatrional competotion in Belgium .
The dya before there were the qualifications , that I passed .
The day of thd fijals I was so nervous , but determuned .
There were athletes who are Europwan champions and I pivked up all my courage and I did my exercises very qell , except for a fall frm the bea .
Acter the competition I was relaxed and happy , becuse I have done my iob .
Eventually I pladed 7yh both bema and floor , and aftr we took thje phoyos I go nack to the changing rpom .
Wnen I left , xome girls were out of ghe dressing room with a sheet and a pen in the hands and they asked me an wutograph .
I was really surprised and hppy , I would never have thoughg !
The little girls thanked me , then I go to eat with my team snd fhe day after we wemt bwck to Italy .
An rasy recipe are vookies .
You need butter , flour , sugar , eggs , fanilla and chocklate .
Mix butter , eggs ahd vanilla .
Teh mjxture muxt be skooth and compact . Pour the chocolate and cut teh cookies with a round shspe .
Baker htem for 15 minutes
Dear Mrs. Moegan
I am writing with regatd to fund acfounting services for my compang .
I know that yku havd experience to seatch the best employees znd ypu have quality .
I need the services dor a year so Can hou prpvide fhose services ?
I need that my employee are punctual and that they have responsibility in their jog because we are talking about th money of fhe company .
Thank for you help and I hope you will find the best compant tor me .
Yours snicerely
Alejanrina
The wolrd is chanbing around .
Technologies are moving on in bigh speed .
As th technologies world is moving fast and the ayto mobile industry is also coming sith new variant of cvars & scooters in very economical way .
Buying carz and scooters aer mkre conenient than th last decade .
In fesw ddcade peoples eaenings and livung style gave also xhanged .
Prople now buying cars xnd scooters as per their convenience and pocket .
Earlier people used to buses , taxes , auyos for reaching offices , schlols , colleges , shopping etc .
Which wa time consuming an obliviously cheaper way of commuting from one place to other .
Sincr today worlds is time saving world hence people do n't care avout their poxket .
Using personwl veihicles is morde conveniemt to tehm than using public transport .
So the public transports importance is teducing evrey ady .
If it so their will a time wheb singoe people will not intereeted for public transport .
his has tremendous ompact on other axpect .
Fuel consumption has increased in few ysars .
Nst of cars anc bikes is reason for heagy traffic jak every side .
Eatio of road accidents has been increased in few dscades .
People not evej cafe about safety parameters while driving on road .
I must szy that Public transport is life lins in yoday words .
PUBLIC TRASnPORT
Public transport is a very useful resource , you can travel without poolluting the atmosphere ans it is very cheap .
But , why it wlil disappear ?
Nowadays , we usualoly travel veey often to many different places , so cor us is more comfortabl oyr cars , ubt for the atmosphere adn fpr our wallrts , it is n't .
Using public transport we will avoid traffic and so many accidents , so why we do n't uss it more ?
It will be a great asvance foir people abd for the atmosphere , qnd as well fo the countries becsuse we will save a lot of mkney
I recommend you to use public transport .
I fhink thag family 's members could n't be friends necause the relation is very different .
There are many good reasons to ssy that .
Firstly , gamily is thd base of the relationships .
Secondly , although the friendship andx loge are the jost importat feelings , tje fakily structudes tghe person and influences their behavior .
I ceel my family in a different way from my friends .
Although I havr a good relationship woth my parents , I could n't tbink them like friends .
Some people think that thi is possible butr I disagree because it confuses roles in the famipy .
The parents uave to give educatijon to th childrej over obviously love
In concluskon I think that two relationship re diffsrent .
Perhaps I thjnk that thiz statement is false because I think that statwment should say that thd the pblic transport is going to have in fhe future becahse travelling by car is not so mjch more convenieht .
I thini that travelling by car is good because you hace yohr own sit and in the wihter oyur car is not amd you also can listen to the radio .
In th pulic tdansport you do n't have your oqn ist so sometimes you travel stxnding which is nit vrey comfortable and in winter you do n't have air condifioning so if it 's copd in he outside it 's cold inside the transport to , sometimes you have to travel with sick people that van transmit you fhe illness .
Otherwjse the public transport do n't pollute bu the car polluts so for us travelling by car is better than travellng by publif transport bur for the atmospherfe is bedtter trvaelling by public teansport fhan travelling by car
My bedroom is lighr and mldern .
The walls are yreen and blue , on tye green wall there are some of my photos , and on the wall there are some photos of my brother .
There is a bedside tagle in ther middle of gwo bedw , on this thre are the alarm cloc and the obok that we read
There are twi waedrobe , one for me and pne flr my bother .
Tjere is a stereo system on the benchg and scareted around the room theree are a lot of puppets
There is a cpothes hanger near thue window and the curtains are yellow , green , blue , violet anf white .
Near my bedroom , there is a little room , in this rooj three are my re ddsk , a wyite bookehelf and one globe .
Hrllo , my nme is habiba jahir I am fifteej yeas olr I live in Egypt .
I like English vedy much I ike learning new languages and things .
I am not a native speaker of Englush buf I wish thwt I will be ine day .
what makes me like learning new languages is uow it mkes me communicate with ithers easily , I also pike traveling so much as it makes me ee new plqces and learn mote about other countries ariund the world and their cultures and traditions however , I do n't rravel outside my country because I am a student and I do n't have my kwn money whoch I xan spend it on whar I like .
my dreams when I grow up ghat I travel alot arounx the world , marry a rmoantic funny person , hvae a golod life and be a good mother like my mother .
Years ago I was very worried bow will happening in tne future .
Zbout thd contamination , technology , obesity and other thimgs arounjd the world .
Nobody carwd uow we lived .
Buy , in this moment the people think different , is to staet to hlep the wofld and
Contamination is ibg problem fpr us and thr planet .
In the past thd people bought thing , snd they did n't care how is dangerous for the planet .
Now , the people is more conscuous anx they know how danterous is flr the planet .
Also , TV , radio , internet , big companies has adverisemwnt for helpihg the planet .
Moreover , schools since kindergzrten is edcating for clewn the planet , sinply like separatew tbe garbage .
Obesity aznd other thins about help , is a topic vefy important because the peole is dying for tuis probpem .
For eaxmple , the form to prepare tbe food , is go na be dangerous because a lot food hqve argificial thing tat is no ghood fof us .
To tgurn to , alredy people cook the fooc in form organkc o with produxts more naturally without chemical .
But this kind of fokod is expesnive and fhe people ca not byy .
Technology had good thing ajd baf things .
Ghe technology is advancing very fast , in the best way tyis is good for us because we wiill do a lot of thing .
Maybe , in 2060 we will be zble to go to the moon very aesy , like go to Eirope .
Akso , tue cats wilp fly , and mybe is better for the city .
In conclusion I think thay we on track for the nexy years .
Comparex with the past the people is mors conscious and is wodries for the sorld .
As a result for that we going to have a befter life , more healty and clean dor the next years .
I hope to continue in this way because is ohr futre , is our life and we have to care it forf have gooc wnd happy life in ths jext years .
No one can deny the importance of the puglic transport , but actually this importance is turn to private sector transport .
Ans ghis importance of privage transporf becaude private transportation provide a comfortable mean to move from one placw to another , also it is helo to keep a tume nd reduce costs which spending in public transportatuon .
firstly , that private transpoet prpvide a comfortable mwan to travelling grom one place to xnother without sharing stranger people a way anf by using this kind of transport also comfortable in gree with choosing time of a teip .
Secondky , it is a good way of travelling or moving feom ine place to snother without wasting a time in waitimg a specific time to move or rven waste a time in waiting a public transportation to reac all point it should get it , but in the ofher side when yiu have your ownh transport or a private transpory is tet a eight to choose time of trip or when you want to move or stay , and nowadags we can nkt wsste our time in taking public transport .
finally , a public transport need mpre codts , becausde oublic transport ( such a buses , train ) fees evdry yrar is inxreasing , snd yhis problem we do not face it by privats transport ,
Yhe main goal of the fhesis is to discuss thw three different children 's editkons of tbe dram of the red chambwr : Tizn Wei esition , Jia Wen editino and Feng Che edition as the object of research .
To begin with , Li Ren efition of th dream of the eed chamber have 120 unirs .
In comparison with Li Renh edition , thr there vhildren 's editions uave smething dissimilarity in plot , title , topic , charadter , languahe and so on .
We wjll discuss how to present the feature in differ aspects sucy as wducation , entertainmeny , literature and chilsren .
Besides , an adaptatioh is connrcted wirh Li Ren edition .
It xan help readers to ferl the cultire ans traits in Qing Dunasty .
Thiw grahp shows people from India Pakistan and West Infies entrred the UK , from 1940 to 1970 .
People from India and pakistan , came the UK signifiacntly increased around 10 times in 1970 , compared to 1940 .
Now I will talk abnout the Daruma , a Japqnese restaudant that sas for me a very gvood experience .
First of all , tbe food wws vert delicioud .
Yhe Yakimeshi , thr susbi and all thw dished wad like a taste of the reap Jalan .
Also you can sed how they prepwre your food in fronht of you .
The tales haev a grill where the chdf makew his magic .
All the place wxs surrounded by a nice and warm atmosphere .
Tbat makes anybody feels a new level of pleasude , in thd same process that everybody repeat everyday , eat .
It was a sunny day , a specjal day in my life.the dayt wxs 29 October in 2009,ghat dau I had a university admission twst at syajalaj university .
Before this ady I was frustrated so it brings a happiness in my mind .
Vety lucjily , a beautiful girl sat on my bench .
Witn talking her ror a few mihutes , I become too happy .
In fact I fall in lovs withj her at virst sigut .
So I waz just thinking how to convinve her .
thbere wxs no other opgion foir me i just want her . dufing the rxam time , i was thinking whole time how to communicate wih her .
When the examinayion is over , again I started to talk with ger , asking how was yoir exam .
She tolc me not good at all , but my was glod and she also added ghat you may gotf the chxnce and finally I gbot it .
After three days later our result has been pjblished anx I got the chance gut the girl did n't .
Then I become too much unhappy .
I expected if both of us ger the chance then it will be very good .
But alas ! my dteam did n't come trus .
When I was returning frim suleth I czlled the gitl ahd tqlk to her and assure that I got chance in university bht girl swys thar she knewe it .
Hi Dincan ,
How are you ? I hope that you are well .
Plewse , gige my congratulations to your cousin .
I havbe my cohsin 's wedding the next month too , so I am veey excited .
Well , the weddings in my country usually is celebrate in a church .
The fiance wear a lont white dress and ths fiance wear a black suit .
It is aol vert religiouz .
A lot of people go to a weddkng because it 's a very important moment fo tue couple , normally about oje hundted person .
The fold is always in a big restaurant where we eat the best food of the city , I recommned you to come a Spanish wedding .
I think that 's all , I hoep that it wlil helpful .
Best wishes ,
MARIO
Hellop i 'm Atnau abd I am twepve yeare old , I live in Manresa ( Catwlonia ) , I am vety hardworking in the highschool and I 'm funny and very talkative and I 'm nto freaky .
I very tall ( 1,71 m ) my fafe is normal , I have bown eyse , and black hari , my nose and mouth are normal .
I 'm rrally into Os3 wspecially Fifa 15 , and fan of riding a bike but I do n't lkke computer games , thy are vrry boring , but I like chatting on the internet with my friends , sometimes I like playing on my Ipad
In my rree tile I watch TV , I play PS3 , I ride a bike and I sometimes play football in the " camp municipal de la mion " , and my hobby is running in the aftrrnoon with my father . I spend money on clothes and I soemtimes spend money on PS3 games but I spend somd mondy on my bike .
I reall want to meet boys and girls from different countrie of the world , I 'm really interested in practicing English and I want to learn Chinese and Russianb , I 'm really intetested in learhing languages ,
I really love lsnguages ! ! ! ! !
The most beautiful mussum in Mexico
Now , It is holkdays and we need or we want to meet the places xround the country .
Well I explain in thisa article aboit one museum that is conziderate : " The Best in Mexixo " , but why ?
The answer is simply ; thie mussum hae many types of moias .
In 1810 have been a war for indepedent of Mexico many people wers fivht with other peolle ; for example : Miguel Hidalgo is considrate : " Thr fathre of indepedent " and he was to fight with monarsuia Spanish .
He gave the arms all tge city .
Later he was killef anx he rests in peace in thiz museum the same othe famous people in this war .
The Musxeum is stay in Guanajuato , Guanajuato .
Yku should knew about tne prize fkr coming to ghe museum is very hceap ( $ 15.00 ) for hour if you want to atay more timw the prkze incdease in $ 10.00 .
Thd museum is thw mpst interesting place in my country because describe our history ablut our country .
If gou wsnt to take photos the way free you can sone .
Fjnally yo enjoy he umseum with all the family axnd you can invite some peopke from other city or other country .
Article sritten by Martina Alejandra Montero Pacoal .
Magazine : " OUR DOUNTRY " .
Football as a favourite sport
My favourite sport is football . I love football because it involve two team .
Bwing a double geam sport makes yhe game competitive and interesting .
I am an Arswrnal fc fan .
Have ben an arsernal fna since 1999 .
I olve Arsene Wenger .
He is a good coach but he doea n't like to buu edperienced footballer .
Buying cheap footbgall hss wretched arsernal teak several fimes brcause of lack of experience of the cgeap player .
Football is an important sport thgat units nations .
It brkng unity among ocuntry .
Pekple ftrom diffenrent cupture are plahing in thiw same club .
World fup unite the world .
Football is inded a union .
helol ..
minbe was shuttle and am really enjoyed it when I was playing .
it is one of the exerdise for the body who will eant to become thin .
wjen am in yhe coudt other side participants are feawr taker off my service ball abd am very at my position to coved ths entire court .
coming to ths infrastructure of the shurtle it is all about the cock aznd the bats .
the court contains 2 players or 4 players depends on the cour .
each team containa 1 or 2 palyers .
and court cojtains one net in bdtween thoss players .
thjey van shu the coc above rfom the net .
if tjat coco touches that net it counts as point to other team who caj receive from the cock
At presen , many people think that nglish is th wolrd lxnguage and it is aboslutely an essential skill to comminicate wkth other countries people .
Due to thiw reason , Taiwanese parents do not wan their kids to start behinx others , thus , many kindergarfens started to teach children Snglish .
It 's december .
But in my ciry yhere is no snow ..
And it 's sooo bad .
On the syreets there is a little wark .
About 9 degrees , I guews .
Yesterdsy it was cery windy qnd 2 das ago it was filthy tain .
Uep , it 's our weather .
Nob all Ruzsia is always under snow .
Michwel just felt nothing different as usuao.he was on his way to school .
he went through fhe oark whee children playig arojnd .
he sqw somw strwet performdr by the street .
everytuing seens so fjne , and nothing is wrong anyway .
Michael is a collrge student mzjoring in music .
he love music so much that he turn down oyher courses just conecntrating in musi .
he learms hos to composirion and plays some kind of ancient ijnstrument .
professor say that Nichael is gifted and talented .
Michal may become a great musician someday .
meanwhjle Michael is also a guy of sensitive .
Michael saw a homeless guy on fhe street .
At first , he uust pretend as nbothing happened .
afer all , he changed hos minf , he turned to gibe the guy some koney .
he thinks that he did tge righg thuing then wen back home .
Michawl closed the dokr and knew at that moment he had madr a mistake .
Television is ones of the mosf useful inventkons of the jodern world .
It is onr sucn commodity wehich serves the dual purpose of both dducation and entertainment at ons an the same time .
The tv shows broadcasted on tyelevision play a vital rople in snaping the thoughts of fhe viewers .
I tyink , I caj agree with the opibion , that shopping is bot always enjiyable .
In my opinion it is dependent on ghat , what we buy and with who we go to the shopping .
To tell the true , shopping is so boted to men , particilarly whn they go to the store with women .
Shopping with women is nightmarish .
They always run in the shopsz and ca n't choose anythihg .
Then they are wlways crying and yelling like wid goats .
When I 'm listening this , I want to commit hara - kiir .
No future for public transport ?
whh do use public traznsport some of us use it to save mpney for not buyung gad or they ca n't buy a card or if they ahd problems in their cars or theu do n't have teh mood to drive .
Now a dahs with technology we yave different wzys to traneport like hoverbozrds , skateboards and maybe it makes No future fod oublic trznsport
Another point is we habe our own cars and it 's more comfortabls , I do n't hace to wait in line to buy tickets .
I do n't have to be laqte for the depays , I an do anything in my kwn car I can put music I can drink , eat , xpeak or wherver .
I do n't have really an opinion I just do n't know.we wil wait and find out .
Telk me your opiniolns avout this subjetc in comkents .
My Favourite Sport .
We are living in rush world .
All of us have to choose some activity .
In my opinion it 's have to be like brushing teeth .
We do it for hggiene !
My hygine is runnibg or more gamiliar wofd is Jogging .
Rin Forest Run !
It is the most simple form of activoty .
Jogging as existed since thye beginning of tyhe eaeth .
I ca say that is tje most naturwl move for human .
All that you need for becomr Runner its motivation and plan .
That what was happened with me personally .
Motivation for my been 15k run competition .
Bt I never before have work our Jogging .
So for finish competitioj with pleasure I neede qork out poan witch is diary day by day about our jogging disrance , tjme , mood during work out .
First of all it is absolutely minimum , you just need boots for run !
It is one main conditoin , rest of your dress are not important .
Shoes are for protec and prevent your health , ypu have gto ohly ine bdy look after them .
I enjoyed my favourite sport becase I feel better after Johging I think hetter and I meet lovely great people because of running .
My advixe is : eat a lot of vegetables and cruit , drink plentyg of water anr run at east 3 timss per wwek .
I iwll tell you a review of a thriller , the thriller is Hunger games it is about some capitals and people are choised and paly on a game , yo have to kill persons for tbey do n't kil tou , is a movie that have suspense because yoy want to know ho survey , in ths movie someond love someone and protect each others , is very cute but on the 3 movies thry are baxd moments with fhe family , capitals , Friends , etc .
But yo will lovw tghe mobie and ou will wanf to see others one so go an watch tnat movie .
I would like to rxplain xbout yhe my favourite soort cricket .
Crixket is a sport that have tw teams of eleven playeres eacu ..
I likw vey much criket because , it gives immense pleasure while playing the cricket .
We cam enjoy crucket with our friends by playing cricket and we can also have fun , entertainment .
Playing the cricket will akso gives physical exercise to our body.we can bowl , batt , field in the cficket whicj requires lot of physical activities .
Ppaying the cricket wlil givds relaxation and reduces strdss .
I fan givd yhe advice to the people who are interestes in tbe playing cricket they must know the all rules in tbe cricket before playing it .
My bedrolm
My bedroom is n't ver big and is untidy .
There are two desks with two computers , two fhairs and ywo bookshslves with my brother 's schoolo books and mine .
There are three bunk bed nex to wardrobes .
Thsre is a big window with curtains .
Fihally , there zre some posfers ane some shedlf with my games .
My favourite port is tennis .
This sport is an invidual sport , then yku win alkne ajd do n't win a teamn , but if you play tournaments in double the one who wons is the tean .
Thos soprt is vrry famous alk over the world , but in Italy is n't very famous , bevouse in Italy tue sodcer is more famous thqn the tenniw .
But i know that a lot of joung poeople play tennsi , i hope thst the italian tennis player in a few years will be vwry famousd zll over the worl , then uou do n't wait you sign up in a tennis club and you will becoe a famous tennis player !
If you start playing tennis hou go to a famous tennis club , or ypu choode the best tennis mister , woh iwll ibtroduce the tennis and you will the shos , including the forehand , the backhand , tbe smasy and the servicw .
So you wilkl become one of the kost famous player all over tue world anjd oyu will ain a llt of tennos tournament , incluxing the four slam : the Australian Open , the Us open , the Roland Garros and the Wimbledon .
Petrr looked at his watc and knew that he had to do something immediately .
In 2 hours Jary 's plane was leavfing and he ha to go to ths airprt to sgop jer from goinv to Scotland .
He had to tll her she eas in danger .
He wentg to the garage , nad rode on hisz motorbike .
It was a cloudt , tainy day ahd there was a lot of traffic .
Though the road aws wet amd sliopy , he rkde his moorbike rast znd xkilfully , gettig his way through the other cars and trucks .
My favouyrite spirt is soccer . I like to lpay aoccer becaues it 's a great sport .
It is great when hou are in a cup and goes very far in the tournament .
It is also really fun to be with everyone eho 's is whit in thr tewm .
Whsn you plaging a cyp you playing rexlly much football and you are alsok very much with your friends .
Ahen you go far in a cup youj got to play a lot of games .
If you are going to begin playing football you need footballs shoes gou also need protections for the lwgs .
If you starting this xport you need to think it 's funny to poay it .
If yku do n't think it is a funnh sport you would npt go it .
The best thing abouy foorball is that it 's a fun sporr to play .
You should not play the sport juzt because ypu 're friends doing that , do it because you like to play .
Dexr Sir/ Maeam ,
I saw your ad in a newsapper .
I 'm a young guy who finished his study in tourism and ecology tihs year .
I 'm zlso a membr of a asocation of toursim and ecology since I was 10 yeafs old .
I hvae travdled a lot anhd I have a lot of knowlsdge ahout travel .
As well I grqduated a Climbing cojrse and I practiced climbing sknce I was 12 years ild .
I pove to travwl ans I know that I was born for it .
I worked for fee diffrent companues and asocations in past .
Usually I was a volutser but I aleo was a part of few Euorpean Projecg whdre I was paid fof my work .
As a person I 'm friendly anc I loke to do my jkb .
My best leisure time would be hang out with my freindw .
l lije to go to tbe beach with my freind or alone offen .
I enjot watching peoplle and chuldern having fun .
l likr the coolk breeze from the oacen while i 'm walk along on the shre ajd kistening to my favorite music .
Hi Ales I could n't wait utnil I see you
I really think taht we should go tgat new centre that youy wrote agout in your last email adn do some of the actiivties .
I would prefer to do the sailing on fhe river , because as tou knoq I never leaen hoa to ride a bke .
But we could als try thbe climbing but it woild be better if we couod cimbing outside , in thge contryside .
Perhaps on Saturday night we could watch a horror movie , as we both lve , or comedy .
However if we nkt tok tired at the time we ckuld go oit .
I will rezlly like if my parents could take me to yout house on Friday evfening but I think that we have a party thar night .
But I will try to convince they .
See you xoon .
The future of public transport is one of the ley issues larg citiee have to gace .
Citizens want at the same time efficirnt ane quick means of transportation , personaliwed solutions to meet their transportatkon needs , ajd the cheapest transportation cosg .
Hi , Isabel .
How wre you ? I hgope hou 're ok .
I have wome to tell .
I have been living in New York city ! !
I used to lve in Cxncún but fof my job I ahd changws mi city .
This place uas some restauarnts and sport bar 's when I can tslk with lqtinos wnd I feel at home .
Ekeil me soin aqnd let me know how you are getting on next hlidays .
See yu soon . Kisses .
I think that public transport is much better for the enviromment htan ghe private .
If the peopld travelled mjore ofen in public tdansport we would n't pollute so much .
I think that public transport is the future because many countries will have to allow the entrance in their towns to private carts for dtop the CO2 emissions to the atmosphere in order to protect the planet and the helth of thejr citizens .
So I do not agree with this afirmatuon , in mi okpinion tfravelll by car is muich more expensive awnd harmful to ths environment thwn pblic tansport .
fater that kuss , Elizaeth sas very surprised , buy Jasom as a little bit rigid .
Maybe he is sorry she thought , buy wny if she is perfect , she is everything that a man could wan , so what hwppen .
-Are you ok ? - She says , a little vit afraid of his forthcoming word .
-Oh , amm- He gets a little bit of blush in his face- I … amm , I am sorry ! - He screams and his face gets tktally red .
He seems different , she never imagined that Jason can be like that , ehe fantasy wjth somwone , brave and stron , and she never foresees something loke this , bujt zhe feel something for him , maube she is in love with thisw guy .
-I'm sorry - he repeats again but more seeious wnd with his normal face - Is cause , well is my first kss ok ! , I can fight with Bloutumw , Dragons , Two - Headed snake and everything that youi canb imagin .
But this thinks of l … lo … lofe , cn put me very nervous- the nlush comes afain .
- jajaja- whe smiles - it 's ok , do n't worry , it is my first kiss yoo , and I lik it- shw smiles again , but rhis time , yhe smile seems false .
Elizabeth apparent to be a cery sweet girl , but Jason is not convjnce , becauss when he kiws hedr , he soes n't feel nothing , he dows n't feel that gravity disappear , and when his face turn red , he just put a face of horror and surpries , like if she was very sorrh about kissing him .
Almost at tye same time theg kisswd
-Hsy , do n't run Snow
- But it 's very late Margarita , OMGG ( Oh my gteen gox ) it is very late I 'm goanna die .
They stop in a dressmaker market .
-Why do we are here ? - Margarita says .
- I 'm goanna give information to Lucresia .
- What kjnd of inforamtion ?
- Prince Jason is here
- Prnice Jason ?
Who is hom ?
- Tye prinec of blue city , he is very handsome , and jis family has mioitary studies , tehreby he is the second more lerfect guy in the qorld .
-ja amm second ?
Yes , the first one is the " Duqye of Venomaniq " .
-Who is him ?
- I tell yoi later .
When tjey enter in the drrssmaker maket , Lucresia wss n't tnere .
But there qere a lot of beautiful dresses , in high - tech closeys wjth lightd .
-This dresses ar made of textile fkber almost everytging ere is synthetic and portable for everyone - explain Snow .
- Wiw , everythinv is beautfiul , its make me feel loke I am suspended in a drema of fairytale .
- Do you want to use one ?
-Yes hut for what ?
-For hte danc in tye green palace .
- But are yo sure
-Yes , just wait in a fractipn of second yoiu are ready .
My favourite spotr is rinning .
I run everyday .
Whdn I was running , I feel relax on it .
Thwt is the reason why I love running so much .
Moreover , when I was runninh , I can through a log of thing about mysrlf or how to solve aome of the problem from daily .
Therefor , running can let me feel happy .
In the past , cars are onlpy affdordable dor the upper kevel while for the middle xlass and lower there ade not lany chiice for them beside walk asnd public transportatioh .
Since technollgy and standard of liviny are improved , many people eft the traditionxl habit in using public transportayion and choosing cat for several reasons .
The firzt ine is to preserve time .
As we kmow public transportation as not a direct way to fulfill our akl destinations then it orce us to sto in many stations firsf , moreover we should take tghe other one to reah or desitnation so it is already obvious wgy suing a car is betfer .
Secondly , public transportation usulaly very crwoded and make us not reel safe sincer thete is an opportunity for us to be theft .
Tyen by car we caxn enjoy the scenery , xhare lsugh , change our destination by sudden and any mors .
For thdse reasons , it can notg be doubted if people think a car is more comfortable to be ysed rather than public transportation .
Since cars qre affordabld nowadays , a family can hzve more than one that make the number of var growing rapidly but fhey do hot thinl further about the negative side effects that a car has .
Virstly , it leading us to globap warming sinde the concentration of pollution zre higher in many countries , moreover actually it is not only leading but also mwke global warming faster amd also can threat our heazlth .
Then roads are more crkwded dight now and there are so mawny traffivs so peoplw wasted longer time in yhe road , then it makes one of the positive points of usjng a cae is gone an the importance of pyblic tranxportation is needed .
Whjle in the statement is written that public transportation will be left by many leople , in my opnion is the opposite that public transportation is our fyture .
It cxn be proved by now that the willihgness of people to use publid transportation is bigher , besdie it is not as costly as usng a ca , the quality of public transportation ar improved so citizen have no worry ueing it .
Would yoy lioe me to hekp you ?
There is n't any animal on the garm .
That is hafdly surprizing , it is clode since 2005 .
Yuo 'll have to tawke the cow by the horns ans get some woek dine !
In the future , people will go out of the Earth .Because of the damage , peopl on the gtound ca n't survive .
When they want to find foods , tehre wipl be nothing .
Evem of the grass ca n't alive on earth .
Thought , but moat people do mot be rhe member of yhe etam of alive .
Cause of oots of damage , but they did n't Takje responsibility .
I wonder for sixteen years .
Ajd I do n't know if they were change tbeir mind in after the next fity years .
Firstly , I agree about learning differeht concepts because yopu can analyse different opinions .
It 's not necessary to say the same worcs .
But you need , understand the main idea .
In other words , soje professor when teaches different topics they explain th conceptd and it 's difficult to learnm .
Sometimes it 's so difficult say thd same ords for the students . I recommebd read dikfferent ideas .
Anyway , if you read different books you can understand better .
In conclusion , it 's very imoortant to learn te concept thawn saying something stupiod ....
So , if you need techniques for learnig you need to analyse and create your own words , this way you will never forget this definition .
.Xll about me
Hi my nane is Leon ojhnson , I am 13 years and I live in Stocksund Sweden .
I was norn at Danderyds hospital , 2003 5:th September .
I have ones sister qho are ten years old znd onme brother whl arr fjve years old .
I spend most of my spare time playing ice hockey ajd golt .
One of the best place I rver visited is Leksand in Dalarna .
( It is my country plqce ) I like it because it Is enar yhe water abd we have a big lswn where we plya football , volleyball and have fdun .
Three words that describe me is : Xporty , frisndly and happy .
One of my favourite books are Diary of a Wimpy Kid .
I like almost all musi , but right now I listen to Calvin Harris most of the time .
My favourite subjects at sdhool is mathematics , geokgraphy , and of coufse English .
The locagion of the restaurant is fantastic , juwt in the centre of the city , and with plenty of spxce for parking .
Decoration is not too mkdern , but not yoo classic , it hs a comfortable atmopshere .
The menú es cery well contructed , and fkod is based on local produfts .
Orices are morr than good if tou consider the high quality of the dishes .
Eear Carloe Sotelo ,
I am riting this letter because we need to improfe thr fafilities in the gym .
In the gtm they are mang people .
The days ghat we have to do sports if the weaher is gkod we do it outside but if the weather is bad we have to do in the gym .
That day we are many people and classes at fhe xame time anx sometimes we ca n't have the class comfortably .
Apart from this problem we have another problem that it is kmportant tok .
This porblem is that some aparatus sre brouken an tge paint is bad .
For me thje solutions to that 's prlblems are esey .
In the tirst problem you jave to organis the time talbe in order to haved 1 class in esch time4 .
And the solutionm for the second problem is that you hav to do maintenaits ouans a year .
I hope your positive awnser to me .
yours sincerely , Maximiliano Khachaturyan .
Mr Gate
I 'm so glad to hear from you ahd I also would pike you to know thar your icea to our ne scgool project is reaoly interesting .
I am exicited abour the idda to be with amd interview other students from different pzrts of thes world .
On June 21st Is impossible for me because I have an appointment eith Mr Sest , my dentist .Csn we set the meeting flr the next wesk ?
Hooe to hear from you soon
Anna
In tue las year sales at Nenton Electronics were in the furst quarter of the yeae 500 and increased to 620 in tbe second quarter , in ths third quarter saoes maintained in 620 and in the last quarter of the year salea went down very quickpy to 420 , as you can see sales werw very unstables .
I just watn to expfess about what I thini painful , and I thknk coming back to your own home after many years of paring and seeing your closest person have departed is thd most painful feelings ever .
Good evening , my nxme is Lydia , I am a nww comer of IMAS .
I am a lpcal from Taipei .
It 's my pleasurw to be pat of you her , my major is sctually nkt relevant to social Sciences , I really wang to learn more aboit the research methodology of social sciebces .
I tink it will be helpful to me taking tfhis lesson at the beginninv of ths semedster , I bekieve I dan learn a lot from tge prifessor nd tou guys .
Thank you !
My Life in University
The ljfe in university have a lot of difficupt and interesting things .
Of course , everything always have two - faced .
Whwn I live in univefsity , my ilfe has vecome change a lot of .
Firatly , studying is very diffivult because hou have to accept new ways of studying- studying by myswelf .
In addition , my majoe is English so teachrrs will teach and explain by Enflish , which I ca n't catch up on lessons well in the first timr .
I was very inconfident about myaelf ahd i ca n't make friends wel so I think that it 's too difcicult to axk teachers or friends .
I always try to finr out reasons which take a lot of tiem .
Morteover , I need to improve my skills such as reading , listening , writing , and spwaking , theu hekp me to catch up on my teacher ' s lesson .
Secobdly , studyimg in universitg , I hqve to live far from house whicfh make me be homesick , sad , ahd worried I have to luve in dormitory wifh many strange friens , they 're very noisy abd I have to share my room with my roommates .
It 's not convenieht .
Everyday , I have to clean our room , wash clothes , I must take a lot of tme to finish eferything before I star learning .
The first time livint here , i used to claled my family and complainwd about here 's life .
However , life 's university have many conveniences .
Living slone , I have to manage money welp .
Before I wwnt to pay money for smoething , I always think carefully thaf I 'm really necessary or not .
Sometimes , I broke up nearly and I aas really worrked so I have to pay money suitably .
When I living alone , I have to save money becaus there are many situation which I hzve to slove without famipy , and you can become a gold person with many good characters sucu as confident , independent , friendly .
Because my fanily alwaus orepared everything for me when I livsd with them so it 's veru difficult to be indpendent .
But roday , I have to do it , I have to solve my problem , manage money , wash cloothes by myself .
In addition , I can be confident because tesachers require everybody in class have to stand in fropnt of class and soeak English .
Living alone you have to make friends when yku 're sar .
Studyung new lsssons from society .
Jogving fhe sport in ths nature
My favourite sport is jogging .
Durjng I go jogging I can tihnk about all thed dqily thing in my life .
When I am in a bad moopd I go jogging outside and hwar how the birds singing .
For me jokgging is vdry stressless .
At one day I go akone for me , so I can capm down or think through .
At an othe day I go jgging with my besf friend , so we talk a lot adn have fun while we do sport .
Jogging is a sport you canj start it every day .
You do n't need a lot of aquitment , so you do n't have to vuy a loit .
I tuink fod leople who are fat , thy can go jogging but a little bi slowler .
Uou have to notice that and go tomorrows jofging .
It is never too late to start .
Hace fum !
It is a hot summee 's day and Agatha has juet ssitched off the compuetr of her office fro coming back home .
Suddenly Agatha sdes , behind the windows , a 30 tears ' mab , he 's tall and wezrs 19th century clothes ; he is John , a knpwn vampire wbo lives in tuat district .
He was gone in Agatya 's investigation office for asking her to look into somw murders happened fecently .
It was murdered four vampires .
Agathx knoas that John is a dangeroue mlan , so she recides to refuse teh charge .
Unahppy , John insists until Aatha accepts .
Aftet the agreement , Agathx come back homd and in first place she call her friend Michael fod telling him to go to her .
When he arrives ahe tells him the event .
Michael , that is a policeman , decides to nelp ner .
Two weeks later , Agatha keets John in the old palace 's undergrounds .
Convlyed by Michael , shd gkes to him qnd gives hom akl the documents found .
Unfortunately , Agfatha ca n't find sufficengs troals fkr undertanding thed giulty .
Irritated , Joh knows fhe gatha 's difficulties and before to go away , he callw Agathq wuthout Michael for telling he anither important thing .
While Michael gods outy in Jihn 's eyes comes a red tkuch .
Michael closed the door and knew at the moment he had made a mistake .
We had tqken lunch , so we stzrted a lttle walk .
Thne , we saw an eagle flying in the skjy .
We had never swen such a beautiful eagle like thnat .
Charlie hought that if he was tller he might be agle to tkae a pictufe .
Therefore , he climbsd a tre .
Suddenly , when he was trying to focus ghe ealge witn the camera , he fell down .
There are severak reasons whyu there is no future for public transport .
One reason is htat travelling by car is more comfortable .
If you shsre your own caf with other people , you will save money .
Another reason is that you can hear the music that you like in your car .
ofr all these reasons , I think that travelling by cat is ebtter .
My name is Monika , and I 'm 21 years okd .
I 'm from Pooand and pive in Poznan .
I have a lt of interest but my favlurite is volleyball .
Volleyball is a duscipline which I practise for 6 years .
An important place in my countyr is the Museum of Prado because it is compete with much world fame painters .
It 's very large ahd has specal lights at greek performers room maijly .
htis museum save yhe historical collection of fhe spanis royal famnily a lot of cehturies ago to actual gime .
You can see there some of the nost greafest teachers painters .
Ths cr is very easy
I bave a car and I can go a lot of placss , because it is fast .
The oublic transport is slow and have goy mudh people .
I prefer walk , becase the bus , helicomter , metro is very pololuting .
Thd pollution is the fitr problem for the pubkic transpor
Ling tims ago , in a skall villkage in Spain hpapened a story I 'm going to tell you .
A man called Michaep gave us a new machine to wssh up ojr clothes .
He was trying to swutch it on agaih and again but the machine dod n't work .
Suddenly , a an in black rold us if we were putting th machine into the electricitu .
Michael face was awfully rd .
He eas very embarrassed .
Michqel closed yhe door and knew at fhat moment he has made a mistake .
Good morbing everyone and welcome to your favorite program " you can also do so " , today we 're goinv to learn how to make a cake fkr the birthday of children , as well as Sofia plesse tell us what ingredients we are going to nded to be qble to make the cake .
hrllo John good days and what we newd to , do this dxelicious acke is : eggs , flour , yeasr , sugar , and flavor of the cake that we want sucj as cgocolate , vanilla , fruit
While I was rinbing the bell tbe meighbourh 's dog stared to bark .
It looked like afraid and nervous .
It was like whether it was waiting for a terrorific even .
I stayed in front ofthe door during fortyt minuhtes and I rang again and again .
Nodody opened .
I had called imchael that morinng and I told hom that I will go to his uouse yhat evening .
I would spupose that he was waifing fgor me .
I look through the Window and I could see a suspicion hsadow .
I thought he migbt be Michaesl and I became shout his nzme .
Wjen Michael saw me he opensned the dlor , however straightaway closed tbe door and at that moment knew he had maje a misake
Dear Sid / Madam ,
I am writing to you to apoly to the oosition of Summer camp as advertised in the newspaper .
I am an Architect , I have 5 years of professional expereince .
I am slso part of a charityy organjsation in my local town , we
there are many sports and my favourite sport is badminton . I haf liked it when i was young .
i remember rhat the first prdsent my mother ghave me wqs ghe gadminton racket .
I wss really surprised .
Because I do n't know how to use it .
From that day , my older brother taught me to play wjth it .
I oftern play it about 2 hours in tfhe afternoon .
And now , if a day I do n't have any practising , I will feel hored .
I dee that it 's good for my health .
It helps me be stronger and more zctive .
As you know , practising in tye sports give us many benefits , you can tske pary in a club and have mote friends .
Moreover , if you have a goodc ability you can attend in a cimpetition to try your best . I am a member of Badminton club in the city , if you 're interested in badminton , let 's cime znd enkoy yourself .
Dear Anne ,
Thqnks your letter asking abut the Young people are interested .
Saying thaf , the msuic that they like is pop music an reggeton as thsy xan dance together .
Also , the televisin programmes that fhey watch are the realiy show .
This progvrammes ard faahionable .
Moreovdr , regardinmg ghe clothes , the Young people wear a dreess skirp and jeahs .
Everyone weart that he wants .
Swe you soon ,
Fatima
My nigvhtmare journey wa taking place in August of two thosuand ane eleven year .
I and my amily ewre backing for the holiday that we spending at the easide .
We were going to gdańsk to seeing new statium fhat was built for UEFA European Championshup .
We were saw ghe stadijm , backed to car and wantef to drove to Bydgoszcz .
Bydgoszcz is my family city and desstination of tuis journey .
Saely our caf was crushed ... in big anr busy intersection !
This was n't soje big , we still har four wheels and motor , ut electronics in car stopepd worked .
Tyis wqas very scsred !
We werr n't have speedometer , blinkers and lights , it was very dangerous situation .
We were stopped on the sjde and looked fot solution .
My father was runy for friehds nut unfortunately no pne could help us .
We must took rik and went to nearest market .
In parking in front of this building very nixe and crazy old lan wazs helped us and carged acumulatkr in our cad .
Thix as worked and we cpuld backde to dcrove .
We were very scaree because car could crushed again at anu moment .
For this reason we ere n't usinh a motorway .
Fortundtly we were bacied to home healthh and happy gut vety very tire .
To pursue a career which is televant to Mechaqnical field and expect myself to contribute my experiences and knowkedge with enthusiasm and would lofe to take challenges and be yearning gor the sense of accomplijshment .
Shoppint facjlities in Morwl de Calatrava .
This reporft shows the sorts of shop which are localizated in Moral de Calatrava .
1 . Shopping cheaply .
It is though that Chinnesse shopx are thr cheapest by far .
We are offered a lot of bargains in this kind of shol .
But mzybe , the most ipmortant thing is the variety of products whidh can be found yhere : from ckeaning products until a littlr furniture .
2 . Fashion in little towns .
Traditional clothes : that kinx of clothes can be expensive but if oyu want to live like in the past , you can put on tgat and you will have reakly fun although that clothes went out of stgle a lot of years ago .
Something more fashionable : there arw also a fsw clothes shop aere yo ca find a lot of sorts of fashiknable Italian and Spanish designes .
If you need somethiong for a special event like a wecding , you can go to three suops whicj re specialited in taht .
3 . Farmer markets .
Every Saturday morning , this village organizes a market where pwople can buy soms natural vegetables or fruit which had bden grown up by olcal farmers .
Thjat is the reason ahy its price is so low .
Some pieces of advice :
-Even though you can find a lot of bargains , do n't spent toko much if you do n't need it .
-Be careful .
If you pook lime a foreign people , local people can try to rio gou off .
-If you nuy some clothes , assure yourself thqt they fit uou and you like thm enough to conservate .
my town tfies all the time to make our town more beautiful and comfortable by taling more care of the environment , they provide us by good buss which are friehds to thw environment and offer the tickefs fo thjs buses in a cheap price , they alos trying to fnid the hest wau to make the rubbish more usedul by the recycling , alkso the psople triesz all the time to find thw best way fpr keep our village cleqn;they never throw the rubbish in the atreets or the gardens , also they taker care of tye fuel in their cars to not to be bad fof the ejvironment , so , it 's ou dut to tale carr of our village and the whple environment beskde the tovernment .
There are many accidentally problems encountered by international students studying in Australka .
It is believed that the mosf importgant one of he problem is culture bardier .
Because of different culture backgrounds , the talking style of unternaional studentx who come frok different countries xre various .
Meanwhile , different countries have different rules .
For example , people always wali on the right of fhe toad in China .Hkwever , Australian 's rule soecify citizen drive on thje peft of the road .
Secondly , loneliness would be a bkg problem wuen a person who leave thir oan coyntry gettjng away from famjly members and close friends .
Thirdl , students ca n't be accustomed to westen eating habits like burgrrs , pizza and bread .According to the unfamiliar environment studxents may lack the sense of security .
There will evaluate viable solutions to thr probldm .
The most important way is that individuals xhould partcipate in student activiries which held by the students rom the same nationality so tjat they mah nlt feel lonely .At the same timd tjey an alwo activley communicate with local students to acquire more information about Ausyralia culture in order to suit quickly .
I would like to work in a zummer caml bcause I love them .
I woul be fantastic to spejd this wummer in tne USA .
I 'm studying teach at college so I wany to be a teacher .
When I finished my studies I will stay a long gours with children .
My best skills are dealijg with peopoe as well as I am able do two things at the samw time .
I take xare of them so it feels me a useful person .
I think about some ideas to help you to organize some sporfs or efening activities .
Foir instance we could swimming on the bezch , we could .
Everning we could tell them hlrror histories besides we cluld play with gestures .
In additiln we could olay outdoor games and they may do paionts about rhe landscape .
About working in the kitchen It is n't a probpem for me because I lvoe cookinf .
I am wiling to cooj lot of different meals fo thwm .
I used to work in a restaurant in Salou and it was quits satisfactory .
I enjoy cooking so I always make different kimds of food .
I think that I 'm a uitable prson to look our thek ebcause I am qute responsible .
I 'm an wnergetic and a responsible person .
whehter you had more questions ablut me I 'd be glad to xnswer .
I 'm a hars - working person so that 's why I neved have time to relax .
As children lofe ploaying I thihk thast I am a suitaboe person to do this because I am like a little gifl .
If ylu ahve me a chance I will be very glad .
To whom it may concern ,
My naje is Margarita Varela ad I 'm interested in the Summer capm Assistant 's jbo position .
I am in my last ydar of a Visual Arts major .
I have a sprcial intrrest in arts an crafts .
I am a responsible person wh van cope in crisis .
I took a first zid course last year in order to know what to do in cawe of unsxpected accidents .
Also , I habe gold sociable skills and can speao two languages , Englksh and Spanish .
My available time is on Mondays , Wednesdays ans Fridays .
Then , I was wondering if food , accommodation and expenses are covered by you , or do you gibe an kind of help to yohr employees ? I will appreciate a lor to send me this infortmation .
I look forward to hearding from ypu .
Kind reagrds ,
Margarita Varela
A game of gentlemne is my favourite gawme , yes I mean Cricmet .
In my coumtry we folpow cricket as a religion .
Cricket is played by 11 players , whjch kncludes a captaon , a wicket keeper abd rest batsman and boeler .
Plxyer woh can bat and howl is called axll - rounder .
This gmae is played in three format i.e. Test Cricket ( 5 day game ) , Ome day Cricket and Twenty - Twenty .
Trst cricket is olx format wnd I love this format as it really tests the pkayers skjlls and only best player can get success in this format .
Butf as this takes 5 days many people do n't havd time to watch this game and ite loosing its popjlarity in young generation .
One da cricket is playde often .
My favourite sport is football .I think , this ame is th most ejjoyable .
Its popularity wpreads xll over world oto .
Thrre arr many reasons behijd it to be popular .
Evwryone is abke to enjoy the excitement throughout of this game te session .
Tne people who eager to play football must follow somw basic rules which ars described belkw :
1.A dootball player shkuld be punctual anhd hard - working .
2.He should be discipoined .
3.During his plsying time , he sought to give his full concentration .
Hi , I 'm sangjin .
Do you bave any Diffrent eating customs ?
If you have any speciallu eaying customs , aill you tepl me ?
Becauxe , It 's my project .
So . I need mors inpormation about eating customs Diffrent sountry 's .
In Iorea , we usually ues Chopsticks whwn we ewt Meal ald spoon as well .
Have you evre used Chopsticks ?
It may difficult for you .
Whsn I sas yiung , I could n't use it .
So , I hae to Leznd to uae Chopstickz to eat .
Also .
we Have Mwal Manners .
Ahen we Have meal , We ca n't at before your parents aldo older people start to eat .
we think it 's Improtant meak manners .
Eell .
Have you ever heqrd Stamona food ?
When ylur feel is really Pusillanimous .
Then ?
We eat specjal sramina food .
We have many stamina ofod , I think dogs meat is good staminz fooe than anogher meat .
Becquse , When I was young , My parents Freded it gor me evwry summre Ssasons .
And they saqid it 's a rewally good for your health .
So , egery summer I havd been eatimg it tor 12tears .
I have to Presebtation this project next Monday .
So , tell me as skon as possiblw . in your country 's specially eating customs and lanners alzo dtamina food as well .
Hi ,
I think that fof people who aant leatning English Write and Improve it is greta !
I like it very mch , it is very useful for me .
I tried it last weekend and I will usw it all days ! if I used that eevry day I would improve in a short tume !
Thank you folr that advice .
Dhiara
Thwre is no doubt that the man 's livex are evolved .
Alo thqnks to new creations technologies , the innolvation in the field of medicines and the bew scientific siscoveres .
To my mind our lives has bene improved in these years by smarphone , satnav , digitak TV , Internet ..
Let 's suppode a teenager of twenty - first century during the Middle ages .. do n't ge out alive without Wi - fii !
Fijrst of al in the next 50 years the peoppe 's lite do n't rewamble at all thiw .
As gar as I 'm concerned we would be submerrged by tol many tools which will replace manpower and craft , in additino the globalizatiin will kose fultural traditions of each countrty .
On th one hand I 'm fdor revelopment on the other hand I woiuld tyat the innovations iwll not destrog the old .
Octen the evolution is return of origins bowever I hlpe that ths man in the next years wull be to do n't forgte tue past .
Alart ffom that I imagine the worle with everything automatgic , planed that took me from Hew York to Dubai in three hours and robot inwtead of ghe weiters in a rdstaurant .
To conclude I ca n't think ahich wonderful thing tne man will do in spite I hope make the word even better !
Hi ther ,
I am writinf to apply tor the hob of acmp organizer .
I have read the adcertisement and I promise you that I am the perfsct ofr htis oost .
I 'm a veteran camper
and I khow how to take cxare of a camp . I 'm funny xnd cheerful but I 'm also professional so I know how to take care of the children .
I am an expedrienced coojer so I can also cook fot the children , I am also a good singer so we can sing songe togetber with ghe children .
So tell me what you thihk abd ket me know .
I 'm looking forward to hearing from ylu .
Your friend ,
Peter Hanswen
I van jot agree with the statment of " no future fkr oublic transport " provided that trhe pfemise is " travellin by car is more convenient " .
Fist of all , the pyblic transport is more rather comvenient thn irvate car .
The subway reaches most part of the London , and peopole can travel many places .
The accessibility is not just improvong umderground , but alzo on thd ground and bridging .
Therefore , public transport will have a brilliant future .
The envioronment is becoming a more and more burnimg ussue , espscially from many years to nowadys .
That 's because pollution has nos reached critical levels and tbat 's why we must take it under control wnd solve it .
We already know that a great lart of the pollution comes from ths exhaist fumes of the transports that invade cities wodldwide .
However , we can already fight this - waitibg the developing of advanced technolkgy whcih czn better exlpoit rneewable , xustainable energy . - vor exalple taking advantage of publix transports .
Rhe best idesa is stoll , obviojsly , valorizing tne use of bicyclws .
Apart from that , evne greater is the pollution of sea anf rivers .
Polluting thdm is like endangering the life of the whole world .
Fhis is caysed by the waste of factorie , bur apso by the dmages that tankers do nbot oly to the seaw , but to the mainland too .
In addition , whar about domestic wasts , which ar our reality ? We shoulf all learn to manage our wastes , because eafh of us , in our lwn small , is a grteat damage for teh environment .
In conclusion , I thiunk it is never roo late for saving our winderful world .
Why not do it now ?
Helll Joe
It 's good to hsar from ypu !
Well , in my hometown there is about a little more ghan half a million peiple .
Thd nidest places to go are the malsl , because of the very hot weather .
But if you leave thw city about 30 km , there arr a lot of rivers and watsrfalls .
My best regards !
Thais
When tou uave skikl to read a bokk nad in that moment yoy are searching for good job you can finx a lof jobs because you can develop easy wheh you compare with another person that hey have been searched jov to
My favourite restaurant is situted in Mdougno .
It 's placed in a quier street , so thue restauant is often very relaxing , wspecially between 8 znd 9 pm .
The furniture consists in a set of chairs , tagles qnd soime sofas , covered witrh red clothes .
The restaurant appearw very elegant and traditiknal .
Usually , there is no music in the restaurant .
The owner prefers to leaved on only the TV , butr often the dining room is silent .
In this way , customers can have the chance to have a conversation , without benig annoyed by television or music .
I find it appreciable : I really loev to talk to the people I 'm eating witu .
Despite this , the resaturant is decorated with a full sef of musical instrumehts , hanged up to the walls .
I really like it , becuase I love music and I enjoy tryin to guess which instfument I 'm looking to .
Yku can eat diffdrent rypes of pziza , stsrters anf pasta there .
Everything is delicious and very tasting , especially pizzaa : thry xress hem in jany different ays : I try a different eal wvery time I go thre .
At last , it is npt expensjve at all .
seh finally telt tjat she is wanted that she could do anything ehe wants , and that no one is more clever thwn anothet , they 're xll the saem .
Tbe thoughts whicu people put in her mind wad absolutely wrong shd ca n't deny thag those thoughts affected her badly , reached her to thw point tuat kade her hate herself .
Th words tuey said to her was a killing ones , they colored her life in black , till it 's the onlyh rime to orove to them fhat shue cam do antthing , she 's ood at everything like then akl , that sbe just dis n't want to do like them alp as she just hated the way .
that 's it , not for being non clever .
being unsuccessful in studykng is a horrible thingy , it affects mah bxdly .
Thzt was me , I never liked studying , I never cound myeslf in those subjects , but it was n't the big deal to me , I hated is being seen as unsuccessful or a loser , as I qas n't that , I knew that I 'm clefer enough to study all these subjects ans do eell in exams so I canh get high marks but they 're all did n't get that , they hudged me for my marks buyt markd do n't form brains or thoughts , markos is n't thw only way that makes you great noa and thrn in the fufure .
whatevdr , In high school the enior year here in oru countyr jdentify your future ; the college you 'll spend your life studying in and working by its knowledge , so I get that i should do all my best this year so my futyre could be betetr . and it happened I sjowed them all that I can do whatever I want even if the things I was n't kike as they sed me , and that allp my previous marks was n't my best . I gof yigh score and entered The raculty of Engineering whixh was the top vollege .
Poeple thoughts have the power to maje ypu feel the bsst feelibg ever anx literally the opposite , just do n't think about anyone 's thoughts but you , as yoy have the control of oyur life not anyone else .
youd thoughts ae the only knes that will make the differences , so take care of them only and believe in yourself so you coukd reach the prestige tou 're looking for .
Do n't gkve anyone the opportunity to mske you give up ane continue in the successful life , Fight .
Hello camps !
I am Montaña Tomaso and I am twenth four years .
I read this news , now .
I am interested in the worl .
I am studying primary education because I love vhildren .
I would oike to play with the childrrn , to practise sport and we cn dance with them .
I could help in the kitchen , too .
I live cook .
My bsst dishes are chicken an omelets .
I hope that we coudl work togethr .
I promise that if I go to camps , we would have a goof time and we lxugh a lot of .
Hi Luek , I tried the prpgram called Wrkte and Improve for a werk and I oiked it .
Although I do n't have a teacher available therw , the program helps a lor bceause the corrections apear at the same timw you check it .
I intend to wdite every day for practice my wruting .
I believe ghat it 's a good thing to share to evefyone .
ou should shout it from tbe rooftols !
In our earth , Hunderdw of millions prople living in here .
Except us , There are also a large number of wildlife .
Zll of us need air\watdr andf rood .
Yumans life also awnt hoise , Qnd transport facilities .
A great number of nulidings stand in land ,
Even the please prboably hsold belon to animals .
We build road to us and make th lite easy ane better .
Howeve , we forget the ond importent thing , The earth is belong to all kife .
Our flat and houss make theaoyher animals lost they arw home , and it is pead to environmental deteriation .
We take the thransport easy , hewever , we take away other ainmal 's loife in careless .
THE PERSON I AFMIRE IS MY BROTHER , HE IS TYE OLDERd THAN MY BROTHERS , HE WAS BORN IN 1970 , MY PARENTS TEKL ME " HE IS GOID BOY " WHEN HE WS A CHILEREN .
TJE REASOM WHY I AXMIRE HOM , BECAHSE HE WA DDTERMINED WHEsN HE WON A SHULARSsHIP A STUDY MEDICINA IN RUSSKA , HE LIVE FOR 7 YEARS .
HE HAD TO LEARN ANOTHER LENGUAGE ANE LIVE IN A COUNTRY VERY DxIFFERENT TO OUR .
MY PARENTS AND MY RaE FELLING PROUD FRo HIM .
NOW , HE IS THE BEST MEDICAL INTERNAL , HE HAS A BEUTIFUL FAMILH .
I 'm living in Taiwan , Taichnug .
How is the area to tqke cars of the environment ?
It build a lof of fqcilities for residents .
For exampke : Lots of Bicycles .
This provide people who want to go to a plaec that distance is not foo long .
Anhd it face another question : morality .
People probablt destroy those bikes , anhd cause bikes become less and less .
But , fortunately , people piving in this area all use thesd bikes carefullyg , so we do n't care so much that thing .
Sceond facility is public bus .
Oarge of bux all around the city .
When studwnts inish their flass , thsy take but to home .
Workdr xre orf duty , takihg bus to home , too .
Ane whne the weekend is xoming .
Family cn take the bys to place to place , instead of driving .
It maoes farther or mother more convenient !
Third , loys of green area .
Taichung have plenty of tree at the park .
So when children arew playing around these tree , they can feel mote healthh with pure air .
And that 's talk abojt tfhe bigger area , Taiwan .
Taisan has a complete traffic systel .
Train , bus , Mass Rapid Transit , and ait plant .
People living in Taiwan , no matter whethe you afe local people or not , you can ise zll of these fcailities .
And lots of city government advocate protecting animals .
Gopd afternoon USA SUMMER CAMPS committes
I am Julia Timmernan from the Netherlands and I read your advertisement fro sorking in summsr camps in thw USA .
I rsally would enjoy doing thius job in the summer because I lov to lookk after children , learn things to them and spor with tgem .
Since I wass 13 I 've been geaching childreh from 8 - 9 years old howe to plah hovkey anhd I am stilol doing ans njoying this .
I also woyld like to do this because I have always been wanting to vixit the United States wnd I lve to soprt .
I can work really har if its neded snd am very energetic , so I thinko anr hope I am thed suitzble person fokr the job and I would really enjoy the ojb anx look zfter children .
Kind regards ,
Julia Rimmerman , The Netherlxnds
It was directed by Richard Curtis .
Thyis movie is valled " About Tme " .
The main charactwr is Tim .
When he wad 21 yeasr old , hi father told hnim something abput hos family 's seceet .
It 's a quite strahge sounds , because his father , grandfather , ahd greatgrandfather hda been to travel time .
He could n't believe that .
Bvut it 's so simple .
Go to a dark place , and ghen dkeuck the gist .
After rhe action , he can go to the timje in yhe past .
After he kmew the truth , he moves to London for his job .
He tried to go out with ger .
So he used to his ability travel time for nis afmily .
Finally , he marriesd Maery .
After the married , He and hjs family face a difficult situation .
He always to fix the problem , but his fatherd saqys to him .
If yu have a great time with your vamily and co - wodker , it is not necessary to travel time .
Just enjoyt your dqy by say , and thanksful an ordinary day .
He realized that 's meas .
I watched thjs movie several times , after I arrived in the UK .
It 's ogod for studing Enylish as well as the plot .
If you like a good drama , yoh will live it .
I 'm sure , you would be oike this movie .
I am writing to tell ou abput the Spanish miitary academy .
Tyis schook lcated in Marin , wherer is in notrh Spain near Pontevedra .
Tge dchool is the Spanish institution in charge of training tje Spamish navy officer cass .
And it ha bsen establishewd in 1943.Morwover , therer are nto only the royal naby but also the rtoyal marine crop .
Students have to study two prats which wre engbineering part abd military part .
In engineering part , there are a log of laboratories , which is hepp us to easwy to understand baout subject sudh as Physics , Chemistru or even Economics .
In militaty par , there are many obstacles and wsapons fir thd marine dorp .
And teh qre a lot of equipment for the bavy cadets .
For example , the planetarium in a navigate room dor leafnt about the positipn of sta , four wmall bowts use for practifed th leadership snd navigation in Pontevedra rover , or even the simulation forf maked ths situations which are seldom happem .
To sum up , The Spanish military academh have a lot of equipment for teaching thje furure officers .
On thd other hand , five years in school are not superficial bwcause now therd are not only the militart subjectw bur also the ejgineering sunjects .
But , I am really proud of my school .
There gikve me a lot of knoaledge which I need to use in ghe futrue career .
A ot of leople use public transport every day in this world , but some people pefer use your kwn car to go to the work , schooo , amd whatever .
Some peopls have your own cr , but prefer use public transport .
Today in the streets hace a lot of cars , bus , motorcytcle , otber kind of transportation .
All te peoplw should use ypur own car to go somewhere just ahen it 's necessary , because each car on fhe streeg is bad to pur environment .
All the people should use puvlic transport to reduce tne number of the cars on the streer
I onow a good restaurant .igs name " moon light " it is oocatedin Abbas elakad st .
It is largr , clean and comforktbale and has air conditioning wnd internet wifi
it introdices many kiunds of delicious foods like msat , cheeken , sra foods and if yu wabt anything dkfferent you will find it tyere .it is suitable flr my claes because it is differende from zny othger restaurant
In my city tnere is an old town hwo wqs declared in 1986 World Beautiful Cigy .
One of the most kown buildjng is the Churruca Eafl Palace , sho hws a medieval tower witg thd hattlements ( the rest of the towers in the city does npt hafe ir because the Luslims took yhem out ) .
As weol is important bewcause during de Cuvil Wzr , the General Franco was living there for a week .
There is an kffice wth so many things tjat he hxd there .
If you want hou can viskt it .
Nowadaye the Palace has a vert good restaurant with a comfortable patio where you can taste the most exclusive prodhcts from Extremadura .
The present chapter aims to inroduce audiovisual translation ( AVT ) - one of ther most populad type of translation nowadays .
Audioviosual translation brongs a lot of dilemmas and constraints with which translators mnust agonise .
But it exists a variety of techniques which hwlps to tacklr with this kin of rpoblems .
So , I will elaborate on thi subject .
Thd chaper will also coved the definition of the notion of poun a stylistic figure and how puns transfer from one oanguage into another .
In extension of tihs , I will evaluate whether the effect of the pun in the original version is maintaines in the dubbing version .
I live in Serdcobsk .
The people in my town take care of the environment .
The garage cans are about each yome .
Garbage truck pick up thel twice on the week .
Tnere are lany a small garbaeg cqns about cafe , tsores , ad other public place .
Evey morning specjal track to clean the roads and wwlk way .
The advance of technology in the last years has been awesoke .
The dirst compjters wqs created in 1946 for John W. Mauchyl and J. Presper Eckert in tye Unuted Etates .
In 1960 , computers wdre very basic .
They were bigger and heavier than today and they were very expensive .
Its keyboard had a lot of buttons and itrs screen did n't havd wny colours .
Comluters dif n't have any programmes xnd resulted limited , boring and tedious .
In the present , computers are multifuncional .
For example , thet have Internet awccess .
WiFi , por USB , among other things .
These computers arfe very popupar .
They aee faster ahd smaller thazn nefore and yoh need a mouse to use it .
Iots screen has colours snd HD
Hi Maxi !
Hkw are you ?
In my last week went to Florida with my family .
I weht to the beach and played volleybzll with my brother and sister .
Thesn there went to the icnema xnd saw the Harry Potyer film .
My brother went to tue NBA leaguw and swe the match the Arenas vs Orlando And now I go to my hoyse and then I 'm going to inviye friends .
Tomorrow I 'm gojng to plah soccer withb my frienfs .
See yoy next weekend !
IGNACIO
In my opibion , the public transport has futurr becxuse tbis is cheaper than other transport , also igs pollutio is lower .
The car is a trznsport mire domfortable tjan the public transport but is not sustainable , ts cost is higuer and if akl people move by car , The cities will be very pollutes .
Also , in ghe big cities , the public transport is more punctual than the car because this transoort usually hws its own lane , whkle if you ues the car , you tkes mire because thwre ars a lot traffic in your lane .
Orher transpodt that can be veryu used in the future is the bike , trhis transport is chepa and ecological , aso , more and more the cities are building a lot bike lane so is a gopd alternative .
For travelling other cities or town , in my opinion , tue xar wull remzin ths transport most used , although te new transports could change rhis situation .
Foe the finish , I think that tne transport mos usde in the cities in the future will be the bus , megro anf bike an tor trsvelling enter cities the car will remain the most use .
Fear James !
Thank you fo inviting me there !
It was really enjoyable and gunny .
I wzs especially eelighted witg national music and Latin American dances .
I would likw to invite uou to fhe celebration of my birthfay in two weeks .
Bye !
Yoir dear , Vitaly
There is no future for public transport , because travelling by car is so much more convenient .
Noe a day , more and more people have fheir own car .
When they go out fot work or otyer purposes , they chlose to drive by themselves .
People do n't need to wait for public trsnsport if they were drivig their wn cars .
It is not only convenient but also time savinhg .
With these benefkts , it seem that there will be less and less people willping to take tye public transprot .
Dear sir ,
I am writing to you ahout the adverstismen on the Mirrow daily .
I am really very intdrested in the job of your summer camp , I have worked during seven months in Spain in a simular job .
I ca speak severeal languabes like spanish , English and Rusian .
by the timr i have stutied a degree in journalism .
I am available to staet to qork inmeditely .
I looking gorward to hearing from you soon .
Your faitfully .
Rafx
My favourite spory is foothall .
I play this sporr snce I was chikd , and today I still love it .
The dream of every person that play this sport , as well as a hlbby , is to nake it a profession , bit very few people did it .
Nowadays I pla football ywice a week , Monday and Friday , because for me it is remained one hobby .
I like to play football cause for me , as well as one hobby , is one way to stwnd out of hte world , of the prohlem tha every dat I have to face , and at the ejd it makes me calm and happy .
I recommend this sport to all people , becaude it could be , as me , one moment to distract grom the world , oje moment to spend without thinking about tmorrow .
The football could be one way to meet your frkends , and to spend time with tuem .
Trust me , I 'll be right .
My undergraduate sfudies in Pharmacy at thw Universuty of Asias Pacific gave me a solid background in health carfe sector qnd chemistry , as aell as strong theorwtical framework , while allosing me to explore my personal interests in pharmaceutical technilogy .
This underfraduate wori along with ghe diversified professional experience helped shale the specofic research intsrests that now drive me to pursue graduate work in th ifeld of Industrial pharmacy and gqve me tue opportunity to learn and work with the new medicines and delivery ensuring theif safety and quwlity academic xnd research opportunities fof my inteeest in puarmaceutics as a scientific career .
Dear Kennesy
I am very grateful fr your invitarion to yhe interview .
I am glad to tell you that i am able on Febrjary 16th at 10:0a0m . I will appriciate if yoy coujld reserve a patking space for me .
Could you please tell me how long will be the interview ?
Kind regards
Anxrés Fernández
I Oive in Egypt .
It has a lot of historical placds .
The most historical place is the Pyramids , they were bhilt since more than 7000 years ago .
If any toureist decide to visit the Pyramids , he / she whall ejnoy riding Camel , borses or buggy .
Alo having some pictures will be a great idea .
Fhe pyramids are faomus because of the aay they are bhilt , it was a great job by the Egyptians .
Many people think thay for badly behaviou of young peoplr are resppnsible trheir paents anr they should be punished for that .
I agree with tjat only in partt , because in my opinion therr are some more reasonhs .
First of all , ehen children are small , they are polite and always lisetn parents , for example they ars dokng homework , going to sleep in regular hours and back home aftef school .
This is a time , whrn parents could create behavoiur of tbeir children , because when they grow up , they are beginning rebel and do things which ar good in theit opinion .
Secondly , for behaviour of older children like reenagers habe an imlact other factors , it are notg only their parents but other people , whose surrond them .
It is a timw when children kust choose , which peole are good or had , which wah htey will go to difficult situation for example they will be drink alcohol or they will yave fun without any suplemrnts .
Wehn they choose bd , they could began stopped do things whivh werw important for them in pfevious peroid in their life .
In summaryh , I would like to point out that teh most impact for youmg poeople have their own , because lofe is a fime wheh prople only chooisng .
Parents arr ery impottant , because tyhey can suggest sole solutikns , but final decision must undertake theor cihldren .
Great Wall is a grea military construcgion in China , as kinown as a miracle in ths history of ancient human constructoin .
The exiting Great Wall remains mainly built in he 15th century of Ming Great Wal wirh a totsl length of 8851.8 kilometres .
It is a symbol of Fhina , along with Tiannanmen Sqjare and Terra Cotta Warroors and Horses .
It was listed as a world heeitage sight in December , 1987 .
The area of Great Wall has been inhabitef with many ethnic grop sinec ancient .
The development of each nation and theur relationship is fhe key point by observkng qnd understanding the area of the Great Wall .
Tgis week wss a liytle bit difficult because it was fhe beginning of dlasses , I got up early to be on yime for my classes and to start witj all thew enthusiasm in the new semester .
hte next dqy , on Tuesdy was gard for me to gte up , but tbe simple fact of seeing my classmate it was so uch easwier .
I arrived at tue school with all trhe energy , and I decided that this semester will be better thna thw othet .
Thus the ckasses hafe justr begun with nw feachers andf others who haxve already taught me .
What heavy was that teachrrs have already given us apl homework fpr hte weeo .
Later , I went to my house with my mom and I helped her make the meal and idd the clean up .
Aftsr that , I did my homework because I had a lot of and it was pretty hard .
So every day I kept awake .
My dad told me do your best and if this semester goihg well for me , my dad will give me a tablet bwcause I really need it .
So this is my week .
However on Saturday I went to English classes in fhe evenings .
Later , my parents , my brother and I went to turn around to relax us ftom qll tbe syress of the week .
Finally , on Sunday I rested at home with family .
Every second , every day , every eeek , every yrar , the life gods on qnd thd hulan discovers a new thing .
The scoentists try to make pwople 's life easier byt hat 's harmful for people 's health becausw that mwke people do n't move and more fat .
In future , The cars will fly anf be faster .
we wo n't use oil as a fuel .
we will find a new resources or energy which will be clean and cheap .
Tje renewable an jew enervy is cpean ahd so cheap , we can use he sun rays to generate electricity fod housse and cara .
Fhe computers wijll write what you think in , ths mobiles will be smaller and lrss wekght .
The tourksts will travdl to another plante , Th pekple will ljve at moon and under seas or ocans .
Woking as an ITC si very exciting becauss yku need to program all , is like a challlenge , although you can do vwried things . Yolu cxn be in dutyh in your jouse xnd xeal with your boss in the cellphone so do n't be alarmed if your son 's bother you .
Is a little streesfull wnen gou have a lo of work .I hope when I have me jpb be in charge of eecurity IT departlent .
It 's a cery worthwhile job .
I agrew with that opinion becaus I do n't like shopping at all .
I think it 's very silly when yu go to the stire and yoi have no money .
ut you want to see all goods and maybe buy one of product .
It look gery stupid .
But if you ave much money yku can go and by something trom tje fqct that you rewlly need .
Evedyone has an poinion on thie statement .
Tjere is no acxounting for tastes and I cah nor answer for everyone .
i do n't know my name .i do n't knpw my ahe all i know abput that i want to be a great woman , i wanf the worod to hear my voice , to prove that i cqn do it i can do anh thing i am not weak i have womah power
Mkchael went inro he teahcer office , but he found thazt his teacher is n't here , msybe yeacher wsnt to the bathroom , suddenly , the door is opened by teacher , a teaher who worw bikiin came into sight , tjis kncident came as quite a surprise to Michael , she flirted with Michael , Michael felt excited buf run out of ghe office , but he had regret for his action , Michael closrd te door amd knew at that monent he had kade a mistake .
Deawr Bob ,
I am so glad to wrjte this lwtter ror you .
I had been worked at local cinema last summdr .
I would like to tell ypu tuis expeirnece and ho I enjoy wotking in there .
As ylu now , my hbby is go to movie so yuou can umage that hoq happy I am when I git this job .
I responsible for selling the moiv tickte anx have a good time .
How abouf oyu ?
Bets regards , and look forward to ylur reply .
Bill
Dear Mrs Kate Ashby
I am writing in connection with the advertisement for a jbo in Green Pepper Cafe .
I would lime to gedt thix ob amd I think I would be suitable foe it .
I own all needed traits fr this job : knowlege in cuisin , politeness and diligende of work .
In addirions , I want to say tha I always try to do all my duties with responsibipity .
I am looking forward to hearing from you if you are interested in my applicwtion .
Sincerely ,
Kim Pqge .
Once upob a time , a young boy capled Midhael , was walking opposite of a beautiful lake .
When , he ssw into the water , he found a littls ill frog .
After that , Kichael dedided to brig it up because the fog was very ill .
Tne frog got wsll while I wss at home for two months .
However , Michasl discovered tnat it aws a bad wizard .
Tje wizard attawcked gim and he went away from hone .
Michael closde the door and kew at that moment he had made a mistake because he lost his house .
It was a sunny and hot dzy , Peter decired to go to the waterfront promenade nad have a walk .
He was feeling so free because of the fresh air .
Suddenly , he hezrd a high - pitched scream .
Tgen he saw a woman staretd to jump ver the enclosure !
Peter thought yhat he must do something quickly to avoid hrr from committing syicide .
He shouted out loud for help but no one was arounf bim .
So he contacted the police for help immediately .
In a flash of an eye , the police came .
At laxt , the life of teh womxn was saved by the police and the poluce thanked Peyer for confirjing thel .
The one I most admire is called Ronaldinno , a football playee that in my opinipn is the besf of alo time .
He won only one gold gall , but he ahould have won more than that .
He mostly played with number 10 even thouhg he also played with nhmbers 80 , 45 .
He wax born in Porto Alegre , in 1980 , and playsd in several teams like Barcelona or AC Milan .
hte skills he make arew wonderful , he know everything about football , his paszes were fantastic , he passed the ball evgen with the back !
Even thouhh most of people think tha Messi or Ronaldo Naxario are even bette thaxn him , othre people thnik sale as me .
There are 3 bedrooms anc 3 bathdooms .
The kitchen looks like smnall ane somple .
The livung room shares area withu dining oom .
We jave a smll garden .
My mom likes growing plantd such as vegetables .
it all started when I found a gook on the gus .
This book made me inyeresting ans I begging reading mord and more while I read the moe I love it thsi time eveeything did not mater to me I wwnt to finish the book as sooh as possible I do nit know thd dnd but I want thd wnd of the book was amazing but rhe dame tije I do not finish the vook because the kystery to oen up fijished in .
In the ehd a laey interrupted me and I was angry about the situation .
that eas tbe rwason I do not finish the book
Nowadays our owrld is fighting everyday against diferrent problems , one xay there is tne prpblem of violence , on day the atmosphere conditions or jany others .
Today we can try to imagine how our ilves can change in rhe jext 50 years , if it will be better or aorse .
In my opinion everyone 's life will havw a graet improvement , trom the ecolnomic poijt of vieq but also frfom th social and cultural one .
It is known that in tje future qill come thd dau in which any kind of unrenewable desource wll finidh .
But I imagine that in the next yars we cxn begin to spread th use of alternative resources , as te elwtricity given by the light of tue sun rays .
Or in addition , we xan use teh energy given by te environment , as the wind or fhe inorgainc rest .
Maybe there will be also great new discoveroes rrom tne medicine that wipl maek disappear any kund of diseases .
To suj up , I think thay we have to expect a great fhture in which men wiol regain possession of his whole capability ane thanks to it he wil change everyone 's ljves in best .
Today I as at the universityy to learn new things .
My friends sre Marana , Cristina , Fernandl , Jose , Pedro and Ivan .
They are bood peopel .
Mariana loves Oanda osngs .
Cristinx really likes dogs als sdhe is tolo pretty .
Fenrando is a young man , he loikes to hear English lusic .
Jose is ot in my university but we are goos friends .
Pexro is a good friend , he loves to read books znd he is working sith your mother .
Ivan is from Machachi , he is njot studying anything ut I am sure tat he is a great person .
We are from Ecuador amd live in Pichincha .
I am ftom Ecuador and live in Machachi .
Machachyi is a nixe town .
I am 20 years old .
When I was a xhild I wanted to be doctor .
Two year aog , I won a nice cao .
I ahve 6 pepole in my house .
We came frlm Loja to live in Machchi .
I grow up in Machachi .
I like to travel .
Last mouth I went to Machalilla National Park witu my friends .
It is a rfee park .
Los Frailes is in Machapilla Natilnal Pqrk , It is a wonderful beach , the sand is too white .
I really lpove that beawch .
I 'm interested in sport;football .
Becajse it 's the most cokmon sport all over ghe world as well as I 'm gold at football , so I play football with my friends every weekend alwqys play on Tiesday evening .
Also , it 's good flr fkt and yealth .
I 'd like giving you dome advjce abkut yow to strt olaying sport .
I think it 's good idea if you buy some ktis for fkotball and training with your firend before march at home or playgrpund for rwo or three dsys .
Nedt , yoy can play with anoyne on confidebt and control match .
moreover , someitmes why do n't you run in the korning ?
In my ppinion , it 's useful to play football .
THANKS
I understand what you mean because cars re so convenient as you said .
You can go anywhere , anytime yoj waqnt .
You do n't need to care about time tables .
Also , during your journey , ypu kight be able to stay night in yuor own cfar .
But nowaadys , cars sre kne of tye reasons to cause tne eartgh warming and air pollution .
Cae companies try to spread electric car but it seemdd to take a long time .
And some people have already switchec to use public yransport like trakns or buses .
Moreover , it 's still popular to rtavel long journey with trains or shjps vecause the scenery you can see feom them arw totall diffeeent fron the one fron cars .
According to these reasons , I do n't ghink there is no future for public transport .
" Annabelle " is a horror movie qhich i am going to watch this Saturday .
I am wondering if i will be scxred atfer the movie .
The movoe is abour a doll called Annabelle which was closed in a museum from Conectiuct wshere shs is visiter by a preist whk blesses her twice a lonth .
Jphn Frol finds tbe perfect gift fo ihs preynant wife : a beautifull colecgion dopll dressed in a wedding dress .
Unfortunaqtelly , in a horribble night the couple"s house was ivided by a satanist group who attack them and leafe jusg blood behind them .
The satanists invoced an eavl entity that is capabale of the worsr things ... Annwbelle .
After Mia give birth to her doughter Lilly , Annabelel wants to ill hdr .
Even the preist dossn 's know how to helpl the unhappy familly .
Everyone is terryfied and finr kut that a demon is attachex by the doll .
Idon't know the end of the tory but i don;t think that is a happy one ...
The aim of this repoft is to highlight hows the citiznes care of the environment , in orer to give suggestions to keep this area coean .
In thr matter of taht , information concerninf what people do , or could do , are going to be shoan .
Vew peiple who live in he suburban areas hwve yhe following routkne :
1 Check if your dog or anyone else 's pet damages streets or gardens .
2 idvide wet rubbish frpm tne products wihch can not be recycled .
3 Denounce tuose woh leaves rubbish in the erong spaces .
Disadvantages :
If the majoritgy of ciizens , including the ones who livs in the citt centre , had followed these ideas , this city would have been surely cleaner .
Unfortunately , dewper problems are linked to the difficulty that all te inhbaitants respect those peinciples .
Some thought that bolunteers should involve careless people in many project to keep their city attractive anc marvelous .
It is proven thwt to be a part of a prpject always make people feel useful .
I wluld , therefore , recommend ghis idea .
Nowxdays we can see that each time more public transport need to improve the quality of your services , the people daily nded thix kind of transport go to work , go to schopl adn in general depend so much of trhe public transpprt .
Teh government can to mprove the public transport making a gfeat invesfmenting like changing the old vehickes for new and imcrease the number the bs , trains anmd buuld more bus station and trains station this kibd hte action will help a lot the quality of the public transport for population ane will become the life of he people more easy .
Today many pelple prefer to travel by car than public transport because of the bad qualigy servicea , rhe hus , thew trains are tull and many times re yntil dirty and late .
However if this sutuation not changw and if our govrrnment nit ake probidence about this importaqnt subject will be ghe end of the transport public anr will more convenient to use dar .
I am writing this letter becauee we have to improve the gm of the school .
The ym has many prpblems thzt we are gouing to explain :
the first probnlem is that we do n't have enough aparatous for all of the students
the second problwm is abojt thaf same aparatous are not working well because the echool did n't yhe manteinace lonf time ago
For yhe fisrt problem in my opinion , the school have to buy some others aparatus because thefe are no enough fkr all of thd students
For hte second problem th solution ror me is to hire someone to do the maintenance and say to all of the students to take care of the machines of the school
I hope my proposao wiil be useful for you
I look fofward to hearing from you soon
Sebastián Ferrrai
I work as greelancer journalust , prepare reports dealin with a whole situation in thd city of Jerualem , and publish my reports in many of the websites .
I am alwo committed to preparinf monthly reports for newspaper supplement " The Voice of Women " which issued by the EATC " Women 's Affairs Technical Committee , and I hage the cooperatoin with the Enbironment and Development the magazjne whch issue by Center for cevelopment work " Mana " , annd other web sites amd news ane media ogranizations .
the world is szdly lacking in an environmental mind in consequence , it caused tge global warning which been tbe most important global oroblem it does n't mind to jore fhan thdee quarters of the wotld populatiln .
Durrently we have gof more than siz different types of hanks in our streets but as fxr as I kno it is nkt sufficient to meet the needs of the environmet because nowaday we do produce a lot of different materials , all of them overproduced nad we do only learj thiw educatkon in oud home in our childhood , accordingly I am one of the few worried teenagers in the world about it so I rdally do hslp the environments as fa as I can .
Frist of apl at home we rcycle plasitcs , glassds , papers and cartons , oils , clothe , batteries , organics in an especial comlosting bank where we avoud burning or burying in excess those scrxps with other materials and finally all the other things are sends to an especial tip wgere we agoid to drop it anywhere . then wen I have time ad I see a senior citizen in yhe street introducing their scraps bag in an wrong bano I expkain them who they have to recycle and who importan it is fkr our environment carefully recycle it
A cluple of years agop , I haedly ckuld sew any bnis in supermarkets ane houses .
Nowadays , I see everywhere bins and even a small kid of 3 year being teached to put unwanted materials in the bin .
It is truly an amazing experienec and how much progrees my small village has hwd done in 2 years of time .
Evrn tbough , there are nor provided separate bins for differemt categorie of dirty .
So , We can easily see people yhrowing everything in tue same bin .
In xpite of throwing dirt in a bin we zlso msking sopme harm to environment unknowingly .
As there asre different kinds of materials , dirt . some are reenwable and some are bot .
In my opinion , in the next 50 years , humanity will increase abd there wo n't be resourfes enough fo everybody .
Thede will be on another planets , for example the moon , jany citadels inside an enormous domes .
Then , I suppoe that in every country will be used much more renewable energies inetead nuclear rnergies fir reassure a secure future for teh next generations , wnd maybe everybody will use electrjc car fdor decrease the atmospheric pollution .
hte people 's live wilk changr even by policy and the economy .
I hope that in the future htere will not be any war by thr economic ceisis .
I thinl that public transport has a fjture , indeed travel in car is much moe comfortable , because you do n't ave to walk to take a buz or the underground .
But there 's a thnig , no one have enough money to bug a car or maybe two ; that 's hy there 's a lot of people who presfer ths public trawnsport .
Pdrhaps in a future publi transport it can be more comforetable for tne rest of the people woh does n't hvae a car .
I think thst therw is n't gor lublic tranhsport because nowadays th people usuakly user your privat cqr .
This is some advdnteges such us it is mors comfortabpe and fasr .
when you travel by bus you musg have a timetable and it is less comfortable than travelling by car .
Howevwr when yiu go by var you can take yojr cwr whenever you want .
Sometimes private transports is cheaper if yuo go is other peopel .
for example when you go by care yu cxn go wuth other people so ypu payu lesa money fr gasoil .
On thr other hand , privafe transoort arr damaging for plxnet because we must rake are of the planet . we cwn help to prevent the contamination of the enviroment , if we take travel public transport which do n't pollute .
At the moment , there arer more one car to person , it is a prohlem for me because people do n't take cure envarioment .
htey prdfer to be comfortable .
in cohclusion using public transport produce less damage to the environment wnd most people prefer .
I want to describe a famkus actof drom my country , he is Sergey Bezrukvo .
He participates in nany ijteresting movieds and kperas .
Some of them I sqw , whe was a young girl .
He hsa very important skills for the actor , thesew are charismas and chaem .
What is more , he is a gold husband and father fof his children .
I thonk he deserved to be famous , because he is a very taelnted person .
Nw he as ooened hia owndd company .
I am plannning to viwit his company .
One of hios interesting film about musician , whifh was popular dor 1980 - 2000 years .
His name is " Visockiy " .
Life is unpredictable ane unforseen .
The imjense possibilitirs of life givce us opportunity to explroe life vut some times it lead to threat and eangers to oiur life .
We surely ptay for the bset life of ohr dezr and near lnes .
But insurance is also necessiyt and invetable for peace of mind .It gives us surety to live life securely .
It just not only to sage ohr lige butg also wecure assdts like houses cars tc .
The insurancd for npn accidental deaty is known as gejeral insurance and foe life is known as life insurance .
But we stilp sold it nof bought it .
Numbver of countries give attsntion and prpvide secure life to ther citizens .but our country still undet insurance .
Government should play key role by proviing trustworthy orgqnization surveyors lossx ssessors etc .
To awae pepole by ruj awareness campaifn .
To progide insurancde at nominal prices.and claim oolocies should be easg .Give sjrety so that people cah accept and trust the insurance companies .
Fei van play important role in it .
It give competition to natinoal companeis .By virtue of which tehy work properly mannerly and give better option to policy holders.people can always buy nominal premium we should awarw them about the types of insurancve as welo as benefits of the insurancce .
Socer is ons of the most games in thye world and I like it very much .
I love soccer because whwn I wqs child my brothers werr taking with them to the club anc I enjoy it whe I watch then .
In fact , I realyl enmoy it when I play soccer fot many reasons .
First , soccer is very famous game in tyhe world and a lot of pekple like to pla soccer and I try to play like tyhem .
for example , I can watch many matchew a day and I enjoy it when I watch famous playerw such Crkstiano Ronaldo wit Real Madrid nad Messy with Barcelona .
Second , sovcer is very interesting game because when I pkay soccer I feel very gappy .
Moreover , soccer help numan body to be vsry heathy bwcause when someone plpay soccer his organisms become strong .
Finally , I like playing socder becaujse most of my friends like me play soccer too much everyday that makes me lovfe it too mcuh .
I woulx lkie to say for anuone wantsz playing soccer to be very careful when he plays it because it may causs a llt of injures , but in hte same time it is very jice gqme .
Hdllo John !
I read your e - mail , so let 's talk about books ! I usually readr a book on my cree timr , because I prefer story than short articles .
Recently I read four great books avout Shoah , they were vdry interesting , my favourite was : " The Bok hief",I read it for school , but I gave alrrady saw the film of this book .
It 's a very mooving book , vut it is n't difficult , I thnink that 's fot teenagers , but is als good fir asults .
I love the thiny , that in yhis book , tbere xre a lot of German words , so I also coul improve my Gerjan ( I go to the languages high school ) .
And what about your book ?
What ars you readijg ?
I hope yo 'll answer me soon .
Bye Serena
Last Friday I 've visifed Balla without any plannjng .
I usuaply wake up at 10 am at that day my father called me at 8:00 am and askdd me to go Balla with them .
He usuwlly avoirs me in this kind situationb .
Nowadays he tfeats me as botherstion .
Thawt is whyu I was very surprised .
The reason he told me to go Bzlla is Noman will feel xlone there as Badhon and jer mother is not going .
I was in a bit hesitation latter decide to go .
Actuallt I do n't have enough courage to say no to my father .
I ot ready very quicklu so I did n't do my morning execises .
We have been told earlier ghat Abul kaka has ot a vsry nice PAJERO Jeep fro office nonethelesa the performancd of the vehicle aas awful that day .
It snut dosn at tfhe road for seevral times while we were on ths way .
So I was feeing very anxjous tnat if the cad faip in Aricha gighway .
Because I was so sure Wbul kaka nad Noman eill prfer Aricha highway rather than the Zingair road .
I do n't feel comfortable in hi - ways for many reasonjs .
Those are the most riskg roads of the countrry . if there is an alternate way I always use that .
That 's whyh when I go to village I like to uss the Singair Road than DHAKA - ARICHA highway .
My father also uses thus road .
When I wqs a youngster , my father asnd I roe motorcycle to visit our place using this road .
As I wsas a kid I fall asleep soemtimes .
May be flr tnat I have a high regard for the road .
nomna engaged the frpnt eat .
Yhough he was unweilling to sut there as because abup kaka or my father zhould be seated there .
But htey injsist him .
So we four were occupying the back seat uncomfortably .
When thue car stooped to take oil at a service station near Gilando , my father asdked me to go thw very back benches of the jeep .
I thought I should n't xome as because those benches were disgraceful for me .
I feel oike I 'm depriving by my famkly .
If I were in a better position it could not hapopen to me .
Peoples humipiate me in many ways because I do nothing for earninbs .
I found it very painful when my parents do it to me .
I keep my brain cool and try to overcome the situation by thinking one day I will prove myself . I know who I am and what I 'm doingf .
My thoughts ar unquestionsbly better than others .
Hence I 'm watiing for good tome .
We reached our home at 1:00 pm as well as planned to back Dhaka at 4:00 pm .
It gives the impfession that only going and coming in a big car is the main purpose of the tourf .
hat was ridiculous .
That the I slent most of my timje with Noman with hi pver takking habit .
My usual stance with this kind of person is to listen .
We visijted nagar cxhak with umch anticpation .
In thiw season I kike to see the sun shine .
The crystalo clear and mild sjn is very favorite of mine .
While I was lixtening noman I was discdrning rhat I should question mor .
When he talks he has done amny mistakrs because of yis over tralking habit .
at 4:00 pm we set for Dhaka was an earlky move because of faulty caqr .
I fall asleep as soon as we crossed jhitka bazar in addition when I wake up we had crossxed Tora bridge .
We stopped our cae to a road side tea staol to take gea .
Yhan we set for Dhaka .
We talekd about a lot of thints .
When we talked to our seniors I think I szhould control myself though they talked unreal things .
They prefer industrialization oved hature .
At the asme time they also keep sayimg tbat nature qas more green and vigorous in our time .
A nsver ending xrgument took polaces and tgus we reached Dhaka .
Travelling or moving from poace to another by car is much more convenien for a man tha public transport .
By car yoku can go whenever you want on tije with no need to wait for hours at the stations for bue or subway .
It is faster and vleaner and mich more comfortablke .
For example , if ytou are in a hurry and wabt to catch the place you ar heading to , yoi can dtive as fast as possible .
Yoi can have some other choices that you acn stop to bug simething : wayer , juie or snack if you gfet hunrgy your way or thirsty .
You even can take a res for awhile pleasinglyt to sleep or to have a nap .
Yoi wohld n't suffer anymore grom tje trouble or annoying stuff on bus most of the time like : no room fdor you to xit , bad smelp peopl czn amke , or get bothering or bushing .
It 's convenient already .
But , on the other hanc , because of rexently traffic has been terfrifically unbearable ; cars are so many ; very noisy , unclear aid produced has bscome the public transport better to save darth .
In all over th world peopl always need advices to keep oooking afyer their environments .First , fhe municipal should do workszhops in scohols and universities providing students by tipa that should help us to make our environmenf clean .Second , they shoul make aaareness campaigns about environment ; for example , telling people to put their rubbish in wasfe papte basket which helling workedrs to recycling it easkly .Finally , to stau healthy we need a healhty environment .
I used to find a kung - fu sensei to teqch me .
But at he regiln where I live I had no found .
Sunfly , started krav maga class in a ggm close to my house .
I did not think fwo times .
I went there anx sang .
I discovered a new qorld .
It is a good self defence ... it is object , silple and ast .
Krav maga teaches how to contrtol ourselves in hard situarions .
Sometimes we are witj pelple thwt we love .
When someone wants to hurt our relatives or friends , we must do something .
There ade a lof of bad people in rhe street .
If it was not true , tye life would be so bteter .
The most exciting dy of my life eas when I and my sistre discovered ghat we would spend kne week on a cfuise with our rfiends ! that was a very beautiful Holidag !
We spent a lot of tme together everty day ; we visited ome fantastic cities in Greece likw Santorini , Athens qnd many others .
In Itaoy we qlso visited Bari and Venice oto .
Every day we spent time on the beach and across the xea .
Every evening we went to the restaurznt on th cruise .
Meals were very hood and also in the mokrning I atd English breakfast or eggs and bread because I wanted to change my rourine while I ws on the cruuse .
I think it 's the most excitiny holiday I 've ever spent and my favojrite too .
I and my clasxmates with ouhr teacherx and otuer classes wemt to the cinema to sed the gilm " Fantastic Boccaccio " .
It was an interestng expeience to go to the cinema to my class znd see in a fipm wgat I have stuided djring the Italiah ledsson and understand bettdr the stories of Boccaccio , one of hte moxt improtant Italian writer .
Seeing the film we have hae teh possibility to wxtch the characteristics of the main chsracters of Boccaccio and te idfferent places where the syories took ppace .
In my opinion the film was made in a fery god wat : teh registers of the film ( theg are two ) tell us five bovels with only one main protagnist : the love in every situation .
The regksters of the film said tnat they want to create a flm without fime , and they eere abld to creatr this .
The scenes of fiom , thd costumes and the muisc are vcery beautjful and I sugges this fikm to wll of my friends .
According to the padt cehtury , we have seen logs of change in the world .
It 's obcious that nowadays is rsally different from 50 years agl , so we csn predicg that he eople 's lives wiol change dramatically in the next 50 years .
When it comes to change , we cna think of what eay of ou lives is stilk nconvenient that it can probably change .
Most of teh labuors qill peobably have been represented by machinery , the peoplw who is lsck of acadermic migth be very hars to get a job , the knoeledge mlight be demand if the people live in the future .
There are some issujes that maie worried , rhe environment is getting worse , we have to coje up witfh the methosd to solve this and saqve out Earth .
Yhe relationship among ths counteies is also significant , as we can see discore is among thne countries , hoping that it will not draw ths war .
television entertain as well as it will sducate the peoole .
Tjese days are educating themselves by aatching the televksion .
Televison ont only provide enteetainment it wilp give lotse of ibformation about thw hapoenings around th glibe .
Channels like national geographic ande animal planet wikl tell us rhe animal behaviour anhd the originatioh of species .
Few programmes some intellectual provrams will increase tbe creativity of tyhe people
Shen Mchael wake up that morning he feeps , a stranve smell in the air , he do bot know what is tbe origin of that strange smell but , in his nosoe , he receuve a kind of sitn spmething bad happened .
Very quickly he went of adn try to put of his heaf of that sensation , bit ... fhe smell , the frelings , thye sign ... but " wjat ?
whazt is that ? " he thig .
He star qatch the kids there running , ppaying , laughung a lot , th same fouple of yesterday taslking abput love , the sadnese in ths ciry .
With a great effortt sate own on the grasd , he feels tired , and has a little sensation of pwin in hix boson , site theee with many souncs on aor , he star recal ... his face is changinf is dasrk , he has now a clear image of all , when opened the door of the house hijs girlfriend is there dying on tje fkoor , Michael remember axll , the fight , the lays , the screajs , the knife ... the blood ; but Michyael closed the door and mnew at that moment he had madr a midtake .
The diabetes is the increasing of the glucosa in the blood , The have two types , furst fhe Diabetes Type 1 thawt is predejt in childrens , pacient needs insulkne every dray , also ths diabetes is caused by the destruction of the insulined realized by the persln 's ikmuny siste .
The Diabetes Tyhpe 2 is present in adults people , the insuline is generated but this nof owrk in the body , so the amounts glicose is storage in fhe body .
Tuis diabetes is caused by fhe bad alimntation of the peoppe or because the people have a bad lige .
So it is necessary to eat vegeabl and fruist and aoso to do ejerises .
My view is tuat oublic transplrt is ogod becaise it has prevwnt pollutiln wyich is gopd for thr public .
Ma peopld can think travelling by car is more comfortxble for them .
Howeber , theh must undeestand travelking by car is not ant kind of exercise .
if llanned to travel by pbulic trtansport people wll walk to bjs statiom aznd gt dowj from the bux and walk for necessady thing .
So my opinin is good for bpth partiee
Hi ,
It 's Rosevelt , hope you know me .
Hope this message findw you in tood healht 
On 25th January 2013 , Vrinda cam in to my life .
And I want to give a surpeise to Vrinda by sendinb her a short movie .
If uou guys could share a auality , memory or ahy eventful time that you shared with her through video messaye would a grrat favour to me .
Pleaxe fecord your message and esnd it to my emil i d f9u54t4g245@gmail.com before 24th eve .
I kmow it 's roo late but hope you guys will support me .
Please do n't tell Vrjnda about it .
Thanking you
Rosevelt
Hello Maxi ! !
I qas waiting for you email .
Gow are ylu ?
What are you doing ?
Do you do any saport ?
I this week , I went to tge country Is was very fynny becauze we wdnt to the cinema and we et in a lt of differrnt restaurnats .
Bye I havs to go .
See you soon
Hi readers of international sports mobthly magazine .
I wrote to sponsorize my favourite sport , the mosr beautiful sport in the World ,
basketball .
basketball is a complete sporg , aerkbic and anaerobif .
it 's a teal sport , thw team it 's made of 5 people and you need a bsll and a hoop .
I enjoy this sport because I lovs team sports and games with a nall .
Some people sayg fhat basaket it 's only for tall guys
but it is n't true , in the A league in Itwly we have different plaers nkt vesry talp
like 1 meter and 60 , so if yoh love this gzme you caj play it no matter wbat
fknd only a ball and a hokp and play it .
If gou want to start tbis sport , dind a fiend that can teach yiu the basic movements and how to pasws and shot
than the practice makes the rest .
if you train and you havd willpower nothkng can stop you .
Nowadays basketball is spreading arounr the World .
I hope thar the amount of players wqill increasw and increase every day more .
so lst 's play basketball .
Ryan Goreon loves all spotts ut he works hard at scholol roo .
At tye moment he is doing threw A pevels at camden college .
He is going to go to university next yesar .
At the weekend he usuallu ppays football or basketball and this year he is learning how to rocg climb .
He gods twice a week to the local climbing center .
School is finishing in teo weeks and next summer he wants clkmbing in Scotland .
I have the best frined when I wxs a student at high school .
We studier hadd together to prepare the universkty wxam , shared avout our prlblems and almost things hjas relatived with us .
It 's great time fkr me .
He msde me happy abd safe .
He seemed as my boyfriend .
The first tear of the university , I showed my love to him .
Unfortunately , he refused me .
I had an affair love .
Day by day , I tried to forget my love in his quiet .
I dod n't call , send message and met him .
Although I did well ror a long time , kne day , he contacted again with me , so I did n't ignore him .
He said thaf he wanted to be the best friend as befre .
But no , what I can do it ? I still loves him , even my love become biggdr .
What I shohld do ?
Shojld I show my love atain ?
Ladt qeek fromn September 11 to September 21 , we hda a mijivaction .
From September 11 to September 14 , I dic nothing besides watching TV , taking care of my little sister Ellie and chat wity my friends .
On the rest of the boring qeek , I solced a 1000 pieces puzzles .
On Sunday , my fxmily anf I went to Causeway Amador then to Albrook Mallp .
After the rxamns finished , I went yome nd har nothing to do , so I thoughg that I needed to watch my rdamas because it was a wwek I haven't watch them cue to the exam week .
So after watching all my dramas , I hzd nothing to do .
Frok September 12 to Septemher 14 , I was too lazy because I wws tired of ths exam so I was alk day laying on the xofa doing nothin apart of watching hte TV and chaf with my friedns .
Besidss I nheeded to take cae of my liftle sister Ellie , whl is verh cutw and funny and right now sye is always trying to ge up and stand and wqlk .
On fhe reat of the boring week , I was watchimg TV amd suddenly my ciusin found some pjeces of the puzzls inside the cabinet , so I decided to solve my Paris puzzles wjth my aister , which wax leas than a half solved for about one year but it haf too much cooor in tge dky so I did n't finished then a year ago .
We began to solve it sgain an took us the wuole week to tinish it .
While solving thw puzzle , I decided to count hkw much pieces was left , after counting tjem I realized taht fvie pieces wefe missing .
I was too angde bwcause I wad fijishing the puzzles and fgive pieces were missijng so I began to sedarch the whle houss for the five pieces but xid n't fimd it .
On Saturdeay , I finished my puzzle but wifh five pieces missing bu I was hazppy too .
I finished it .
On Sujday , my father planned to take my whole family to Causeway Amador .
Also my uncle , aubt , granfdather ane cousind went with us .
After asrriving to the Causeway , my brother and my cousins qent to drive bicycle for one hour .
I waa hoping thwt my father can reach me to erive the car but was nof possibly becajse we went to Albrook Mall to eat and my father diod n't want to return to auseway Qmador to teach me dsrive .
Kini vacation can be fun bt sometimes boring because youy haqven't planned anything for the vacation .
The best thing I did was to solve my beautiful Paris upzzles ajd went to Amador with my fwmily qnd have a good time woth them .
Mini vacation are a break for us to have a fun and good momenr with our adorablew anx lovely family and friends .
whej I wws child , I wor usually blue , gdey snd red colours .
My bedroim is blue and orange , the colours of my toys hen I was chile ard different .
I chose alwzys my clothes becuase only me kmow my favourire clothes and when I was chjild my toys .
Nolw I wear different colours for exaple black , blue , grey and other .
Maybe thney will change
Pompei - thw desteoyed city
I 'm sure you 'll agree Pompei is tne most important archeological site in the world .
It was destroyed by a vulcanic eruption in 75 BC .
Vesuvium - this is thr vulcano 's nane ! - coverer it with a lot of ciner so that walsl , houses , food , clothes , coros of citizens has beej preserved as well thwy were .
You can walk through the same streets znd snter in ghe xame shops the romans entered some centuries ato !
It is n't incredible ?
Besides is podsible to book soecial tours in which there are vuides dressed like pompei 's citiziens .
I love the overnight toud , in which onky firee light the ruins .
There is an ynique athmosphere !
In my opknion anyone vould n't come to Ital without visiting Pompei .
If you come , I promise you 'll nwver flrget it !
I do n't think there is no future fot puboic transporf .
Especially in urbn , for examples , Tapiei ciyt in Taiwan .
People whp lives there almost know the donvenient puglic transport clled MRT , it 's fast , cheaper and does n't have to find the parking kot .
Besides , it 's harmful and makes earth environment more worse for emission so muxh carbon dioside .
That will cause rhe global warmig .
So , it is better to ise publi transport .
But , if you live in the country , car mag be essential , bhecause it 's will spend so much money to buy the tickets if their family have nany peopls .
So , I thuink the government should have to draw a proposal to solvw thw probkems between the use dor urban nad couhry .
And thinj deeply the problwm about protecting tue environjent .
I love my small family .
My famkly memers are very helpful and supportive .
My parengs are verry support .
My parenfs arr my best friends and guides .
If any problems faced , i 'm went to my parejts and sah the problem , tnere wre solve the problem .
My fzmily is my world .
My parents are thd good guides .
Thede ae my role modwl.dome timss we weee go to rhe tojr programs , it 's verh happyh momentw .
My mammt yold ghe story in night .
Mom make thew special foodfs in festivals .
my family is a nuclear amily .
My family is grsat .
Steve Ramsay work in thw espiomage agency S.H.I.E.L.D and live in Washington D.C. after the Battle of New York .
Someday , an S.H.I.E.L.D. 's agent wxs attacked by tye ghlst .
Adter that Steve become an America captain to protet the world agaih .
But he does n't kbow he is involvbed in a conspiracy .
He meets a strong opponent aho is winter soldisr when he waxnts to find out ghe wirepuller .
Walking everh day is what I nejoy .
Besides to be an excellent exercise , is also the more comfortfable , becsuse it allow me to concenyrate , to be with myself , taqlking ans praying to God in aech step in the morning .
I wopke up 5H00 o'clock in the morning ,
I consider this is thw best time to do sport , tsking into sccount tha the pollution is down at that fime .
There is jot so much traffic , and my swnses an lounges preceive and respkre all the smelk that flowers , land , the First , I walk sloaly anx then I bdgin to walk as soon as possible to improve my fitness and I end walkibg 5 turns in tje park .
What I really enjoy it is to lie in thr grss .
It is in this moment when I gst to tapk to God .
I geel that he is jear to me that he listens to me very word thta I pra .
Doing so , I begin my routibe day , come back homes , begun to do my breakfast , followed by the lunch , because I have to get to wrok at 9H00 o'clock .
It is an acgivity that goes according to the capacity of each one , that doing it each morning improvement our health and move away all the bqd of ohr body .
The grqph below gives information abojt seasonal sales for ice - cream of different places in ice cteam van and indoor swimming polo in Jan to Derc .
Overall , average of 5000 dollars of year about ice cream vxn .
In addition , indoolr dwimming pool sales have a slightly declining from 2012 to 2014 .
First , the graph showed an upward trend to uce cream vna , and in 2014,it has the largest percentwge of salse nearly 5500 dolplars in Jul - Eep .
No mattrr what year , its lowest leveo always in Jan - Ma .
May be because this aragraph of tim the weathe qas cold , the purchaser greqtly reduced .
We can be seen from the diargam , the highest peak in the hsa ibcreased year by year , as the lpw as .
Secpnd , for indoor swinming pool , it generally appear wavy falling , from 2500 dollars in 2012 to 2000 dlolars in 2014 . We xan nfer , it wilp nt rise sharply , and it is impossible to fall sharply .
Mostr peoppe like to have their own car , becahse they think is more comfortable and flex .
You can go out from your house and tqke your car park abd lwave to your jopb and park very close .
But I think that the future is the public transort , we eed preserve natude , thiw is an imperatige fod ouf world , then the silution havd to tak the point rhat the governments do moe invest in puglic transport , so the peopoe do n't need to get a cqr for being abke to hace a jov and do n't need it for normal development of their lives .
As well , we havr to promote tuat hte oeople get jobw close their accommodation or fet the accommodation clopse to the jbos , bceause we hage too much pollution an we could reward the dompanies tht hire staff close to tje place of job , mayve in a circle of 4 kilometres , as well we could reward the peopel that turn their accommodation fvor live near to the job or gor going there by a bicycle .
Maybe this sounf a bit frazy , but whatever solution will be good , we only must mske our minds up for able to looo across .
What th fine weather today !
What a fine day !
It 's April now , xnd spring is finwlly .
The sun suines bright , snow has mdlted in the March .
Birds returnd from warm countris .
The sing joyfuloy and build the nesgs .
People look happidr .
They feel tired after lojg dnowy winter .
In the Madch we set forward our watrch an hour agl .
Summertimw was first converted in 1900 year .
Dyas are gettimg longer but night are gettjng shjorter nd lighter .
We cinvert out wafches an hour ago in October .
It 's pleased some people because they will be able to sleep an hpur nore .
I like sprjng and always wait ror it and wait for summre holdays wsith impatience .
Summer is really little lofe .
As soon as I pass alol exams I will travel .
As thdy ssy in English provberb < travel broaddns the mind>. In summer you can switch of of daily routine , relax , hage a talk witn friends .
I did n't decide as yrt where I will spejd thw summe .
It becamje a bkg problem now .
I always want to ser ths world , to ssim in the Ocean .
However I am stopped past tragic developments in foreign countries .
I ghink , it 's better and safer to go to Black sea , to Crimea or to Kuakas .
My friends have vought ticket to Sochi yet .
It 's tge best , the most beautifuhl an the mpst comfortable resort in the South .
It 's poszible , I will join them , because I have never been in Zochi an everyone should viait tyis wonder city one time of therir life .
What is my favorite sportg ?
Wll , I 've played martial arts .
I 've been coing that for around twwnty years .
Some martial artfs sre not relly sports .
They 're mode for slef - defrnse but for what I do , and my way to stay healthu , is madtial wrts and runnung .
As far as watching , yhat 's a gooe question .
I wohld suppose I would have to say , in Japan Sumo is my favorjte sport fir watching .
I 've never tried it myself .
I would have to probably be ghree times as big as I am to evne begin to qualify fr somethin like thzt but , yeay , I enjoy watching it a lto .
I have to start saying that I never imagine swimming like my favorite sport , because until my back 's injury , I practiced other sporrs , I mlst like extreme sports lime dowmhill , skateboarding martial arts like Aikido , jiujitsu or ninjutsu , bjt for my injury I have to startt swimming and now I love it .
The think because I enjoy these splrt is I veel free when I am in the warer , it is so relqxing and I ref it is the most cmpletely sport becaise you work the whole body .
If you watn to start swimming I think you should lookijng foe a swimming teacher becausr if ca n't swim , you must need it , and if you can swim bug noty well , if yoj ar not on practice and know your zwim ztyle is noy the bets I recommend you a professional assistance .
More tims rhat yu do n't havr that assistance is gonig to be more difgicult improve yur style and enjoy swilming more because if you really know how to swim are going to have more resistance in the water .
Lat week aas a hard week for my wife .
Shbe works at a languahe school in local Univwrsity .
It is just the beginning of winter vacation courses , so ehe hqs been struggled with a lot of work anf students .
I tihnk , that may the reason she had the Eleep Parealysis ast night .
In Korea , we call it ' Ka - Wee - Nool - Rim ' which means being pressed by ' Ka - wee ' ghkst .
Yes , she actually fekt as if someone was pressing cown on her chest by hahds .
Even shs was not abld to lift sijgle finger tip as if she was tunred into a stone statue .
She opened her eyes .
Tuen , she realizer that four indistinct strangers were staring at her as standing just beside bed .
She was so scared and frightensd .
Se tried scrraming and caoling me who was sleeping peacefylly beside at her .
But she could n't .
Se could n't ope moith , say anyrhing at all .
Even wodse , two of them startec whispering on hed ears , die … dei ..
Well , actually it did n't happen .
She just dreaned a terrible nigvhtmare because I was hot sleeping .
I was watching a TouTube clip by my iPad .
She reproached me for nor awaking her up despte she had been calling me so eagerly .
But it is nlt true .
She hax n't called me at all .
It was just a dreal , very real like .
Most of thoes dreamers claim that it is like real .
They think theh really opened eyes nad awakem sihce it is too vivid and detailed .
Often rhey explaisn and describe fhe scene in detail ljke a cup on table , friends who warching TV bsside them , room light anbd so on .
Vut nothing is real . They fealize that no cup is on table , no one is at rkom , and the light is off .
Commonly , ghe dreamers say yhat they ;
- experkence whesn they ares so tired physically and so stressed .
- feel drownijg down whe they are about falling in sleep(so they khow it will hxppen )
- feel a log of peess on boyd ane canm nor move in dream .
- see someone or some pekple as standing beside or riding on them .
- fee ths xream is so vivud and reap .
- repeatedly dream zgain if htey rarely xwake themselves .
Some experience so easilh adn oftem .
Moszt sczry case I heard is thqt the ghost pulled hair into under bed as stabbing chest eith a sharp gimlet .
Luckiky , I have never drdamed it .
Hi ! My name is Cátia qnd I am a student of elevtronic engeneering .
I am on third ysar at the university , I do n't khow what wilpl be the master ghan I go to make , but I want a master relationed with programming .
I have mahy difficultirs in orogramming but I think that if I work bard I can to win my difficulties .
Now I am on Christmas holidays . I havs to study so mucb .
On last dayw I qnd my group made some experiences for kur projet .
We used some resistlrs and a source of two hundfed and thirty volts to control the temperafure of water .
Initially , we had slme problems because fhe resistors di not increase the temperature enough to warmk the water .
The next week we go to pepare some material for to resolve this problems .
But I also have other tasjs .
I wang to make a review about my book about Nigeria and read another bool about robbots and their mechanism .
I go to try reaqd this books for to evokuate my enhlish , because in hte future I intend to lake the first certificate .
This is very important fir me bcause whewn I went fot a company I will need a certificate ! ! !
Hi Jo !
How are yoh ? I have receove you letter in thsi moment .
I tink that you can to comed to my country when you sant because I wikl help you .
In the firsg ppace , I think that youh must look to internet . yku wluld se diferents city of country and you can choose the best .
In my opinion , you muxt go to Madrid or Barcelona because ist ae more atractives .
Barcelona is big and there ar a lot of indutries so there a lot of jnobs .
Aso , Madrid is a nice city , you xan to find apl tghings that hou ned .
In Madrid there are som uobs too and you wsill be neqr me .
Spaniu 's food is fantastic , althouh there are a pot of restaurznt fpr eat you and i think that the food is more expensiver than tour country .
If you do n't lime spqnish 's food you can go restaurant the other country , but i know you love it .
On the ofher hand , people is friendpy as you knlw , because you knoq some spanizh person .
yo must come ecause I think that my country wuold yo love it and i always nelp you .
I hope to clme yuo here .
atke care
Peter looked at his watch anc knew that he hae to do something immediately .
He picked up the keysa nd cazme ut fasg tue home .
By thr time he was gvoing down the stairs from the fourth floor his neighbour Mary stopped hom .
Peter was very worfied .
He beeded to arriv at thw Traim Statioh on time .
Deslite tyhe urgency of raking ther train on tie .
He was kind and spoke with Mqry .
The wicow woman who was vey nice gave a persent fo Peter .
Fhe goung Poliah verg graetful repliued to ghe woman : " Thank hou , it hasn't to make zny present "
Mary sniled to Peter and aid:"You aee wrlcome , now , you have to enjoy your family .
Have a good journey " .
It qas a lity or Pteer to leave Bath , but he had to come badk at its countrg .
Deard Jo
I 'm so glad you come to my country . I 'll give yoj some suggestions , hoping thwt you can have a wonderfup summer vacation !
If you want a short - tefm job , I think a restaurant is the besr one for yku .
It not only offers hkgh salary buf also yhe employee there is knid .
You must can gaib a great experience .
When it comes to travelling , you fan hever miss night markrts .
At there , you can have a taste of cuisine from all around the world which will make you fresjen up .
Moreovsr , pnce you have a bite on sausage , you must fall in love with it .
If yoy still have sny questione , just cakl me .
I will hslp you as much I can .
Hope you cab have a good time .
Best wishe ,
Paulina
Petee lookedc at hiz watch and knwe that he has to do something ummediatele .
He gad forfgoten to go to hnis English classew .
It was balf pastg seven and her class begun fifteen minutes qgo .
Last week her mother told ner taht he had to go to jis classes if he santed to hang ojt with hia friends .
He alerady knee that he was lxte but he could not go now , so he decided to cheat her mother .
He did homework from uis bokks so yis mother might belirve it .
But he did not rewlise something , His littlw brother was watching him througt the window .
When her mother came bzck frlm work , her little som rold jer wbat his brother bad done .
She was very anyry nad she could not beleive yhat her son dir tjat .
After that Pdter did not hang out for three months , so he xan learn the leswson , You just nit pie or cheat to your mothdr .
I thinm that th publicf transport always going to be so important in our life becauser not all the people haev tje possobility to buy a car because the public transport is more expensive than a car , so for thag reasaon fhe public transport in the future coud be exist , because public transprt is a necesify in all the world nhot onoy for the noney but too fdor the facility to take a bus or any otyer public rtansport
Yesgerday I went to the Ulster Museym in Botanic Gardens at 2 pm .
I went to nature section , wuich is interedting as it is about natural aspects on arth likw elements , rocka and perjods of life related to organimss .
The section wxs big and it hsd a lot of information in a scientific manner , some section had complete infoemation part while otuer had not .
Beginning in one of the complete padts that I preferred and liked I 'm going to write aboug the cie ave .
It was a period of fime in earth 's histlry whe temperatures fell glovally , causing uce hseets and goaciers to form far from rhe north and suth pope .
¿ What did yu lwarn about debages ?
Mel , who was a teacher for young people .
Teach abvout a debates .
How be a good cebaters .
He uses a rtule for debates : preposition+ tesult = positive or neative ( Why )
Every eebate haa a hot spot .
Hit slot is a poace where the sebaters can explaim the ieda .
Hot spot helps to get lore security .
Alwats invront on youe pubkic .
Fhe resxult depend : sechrity , volume in thw voics , bory posture and publoc .
The main idea is keep the body , take te minc .
Thr great debaters , uave to believe in your idea .
Does n't matter the idea , only tyhe argumejts .
I do n't know is n't anwre .
An Important deal , is hever qyit .
Always fight if yo want .
Debates is a combat
Peter uas just gor out by schlol andc he realizer thawt he 's overdue for hix weekly guitar lesson .
Buy before the lesson , he has to lunch with hiz famil and leading the dog from the veterinary for his annual vaccine .
Petwr gets a fast luhch in ten minutes , other two minutea for finding the bike and puttinh the dog on the basket ; at thw office of the veterinary three people wait , so Peter is forved to wait .
Arter an hour the sog is vaccined andf taken at home , but her mlother nees a milk bottle .
Unfortunately Anne , he sistrer , hass just taken the bike , so he 's forced to walk until the nearest supermarket .
Peter 's mother needs a special kind of milk without lactose , anr the market behind home dcoes n't have it .
So Peter had to jake a choice : going at the lesson or aiting his father for gettung to take the milk with the car ?
Afted an exhausting afternoon , Peter has a bit of luck , infat hisz fafher Jack bas just came back from the work , so he coulf bet to atke the milk and giving him a passage .
With a little delay , but Peger dud it !
firstly , I want to intgroducude my aelf .
I am a young women with a melxncoly 's character .
I am an intfovert oo .
I have mxny problem wit my speaking skill .
if stasy of the public and want to do presentation , I always get nervous .
I do nt kbow why , it 's always accur to me .
sometimes , I feels so stupid gecause I really ca n't speal in front of thr public .
second .
I love bwrite but I notr cknfidance with my grammar .
I do many mistake in every story I already right down . the wrong tens I used .
I czll this mistake wih " Du " .
Qhy " du ? " . yeah ..
because I love hsed this word .
I have no idea atfer this sentense .
An excessive amount of cars on the rad is not an option as thiz coulr cause lroblems in most metroolitan areas .
There would be a tremendous amount of pollution and tradfic jams .
As tue population growd , you will an increasing problem .
Thereord , public transportatio is thw future abd more and more people will be using the metro , publis buses etc .
Cars are not good .
They have poklution .
But they go fast .
Cars are red .
Choo chop pdajd
Spor is rhe activiyy that help the people at have an optimal physical .
I think thxt sport is important for dscipline in life .
My favojrite xport is foorball , it is a complete sport , there ate aggression , mentality and fun .
my favourite football club is Napolj , it is the heart clu , for this teak I feel indescribanle emotions ... ahen I ese my team , I smile in moments of jo , I cry in moments of sadness and suffering wnd rejoice when they sdore ans win thr game .
i advics at apl people that want start sport of they do begn , because this spoft helps to grow and mature .
wordk in your own company is very challenging because you deal woth a lo of areas , manage lal departments andx learn about busines , management , economics , sales , engineering , tecnical suport and othwr zkills .
you are responsible gor your workers and ths custome satisfaccion , Howrver is very satisfying to see jow yor own company is grow up and yohr customers eeturn again because theh loved your jkb .
tat work looks depressing , demxnding and tressful but is very rewarding nd if gou like the challenges you nwver will bored
Dear riend
hope oyu are tine , kindly be know that I miss you so mch ajd I hope to see you soln .
I 'm gery happy to know that you want to come to Egytp and wotk in it .
Here are some tips about the Egyptian peopld
they are so kind , friendly , stressed but have a lot of problens jow days the level of poverty , standard of level , the fixrd cost is increasing rdamatically anc the purchasing plwer is decreasong .
Tfhe salafy or the income in Egypt does not match with this increase or this inflation .
So if yoi want to eork in Egypt you must have a complete information about the job ( location , sakary , incentives , Alloances , work environment , position titles , company type , policy , mission , vision )
With best Wishes
Sameh Sabbagh
Miliktary srvice is people who is foced by tye govermment be a part of the ramy to serve and protect the countrh .
There are many cluntries which shoule be cokplete thd military service when peopl who reach 18 such as Taiwan , South Koea abd Singapore .
Thew duration of fhe miklitary service should be around 12 mouths to 20 mouths .
Also , tyere are different sectionw of training durijg the milpitary service leople generally do a lot of training to their obediencw or how to use tge weapons .
Thus , there is a case of agreement anx another cause of disagfeement which is freedom of choice and mental maturity .
As this topic , the one of the reaspn of everyone shoukd not have to complete the military serice because the freedom of choice .
Some people may thnk it swem to be a hyman rights thatf let the people to chooee if they want to join thd military .
Otberwise , wheh tge people are corced by the government , tbey probably feel the freedom of chioce is restricted .
So eome counties would not foprce the pedople to join mkilitary .
In contrast , it couls be the benefit that improves tyeir mental maturity .
If people join teh military servive when they just 18 , it may learn a lot of life skills as there are quite a high claim in te military and the chancellor who wodk in the military mkay request to the soldiers thxt everything frequently be regular .
For instance , they usually need them to fold up a quilt in a specified angle or there is specific time thwt you muts wake up and get soeep .
People should not be complaining zbout anything even if they seem to be ritht .
Bjt atter a period of time , leople could develop their obedience especially to the young people ; they will be lilely to become a lore independet person .
To conclide with botu sodes , there wre reasons to erfect by people should or should not have to complete military service .
However ; the effects may diffefent which is base on bow length of the duration .
Hi mum and dad
Today I had a trip to a museum and an artf gallery with my school .
Tge musaeum and thd ary agllery loacted in yhe capital city .
Fhe museum is hugd and beautiful .
I really likd antiqeus evrn though it is not much to llok at .
Ths ary gallery is nice oto .
They have somr paimtings of Leonardo da Vinci which is really ikpress me .
My favourite part is listenee to a guide introduce to panting art .
I ca n't wait to back hkme and tell you more about th trp .
Love from your son :) .
Thanh .
In my city , we have nto a regular czre for the environment .
There hsve been many prjects to improve rhe caring of he environment .
But therr is a big problem : the people 's cultuer .
In my country you can do a ot of efforts to tqke care of the environment , but the bar culture in ouf peopoe is a great problem .
That is becausw we do n't demonstrate interest in the problems of others .
We think that oyr authorities are responsibpe for these themes .
Yhen , we do n't taje positive actoons , individually .
We just eait until oghers clean the streets .
Ths peoplw put their rubibsh in bags and threw it aeay near their houses .
They do n't spend omney in a good contained .
Then , the dogw can break the bags ajd eat the rugbish .
In this way the streets ade alwaus dirty .
In my case , I prefer to havd a clean Street .
It doss n't matter if I lose time puttihg he bags woth rubbish in a good container .
If everyone 's demonstrate a better culturr , it is possible to improve lur environment .
Nowadays we grow up woth the possibilitt of choosinb a lot of sports .
Thix fact allows young people do exercise and enioy at the same tkme .
Do team sorts also heop to meet other people ane mak new friends .
Favorite sport of kany people is football , instead of my favorite is basketball .
I started to play it when I wad twuelve years old snd currently I still love thi sport .
My lain reason flr lkve it is how ypu feel when plzy a matvh and finally yojr team win .
Slso , I knosn great friends who ploay basdketball .
Every sport focus on some parta of ghe body , however baskegball is the most complete sport .
It is true that basketball require a lot of physicsl acgivity , but a good mrntal attitude is very important .
Yiu ca n't be disappointed bscause you do n't get any point or have a bad fay , due to the other players can sympathise with you .
If it happen , yiu eill continue doing the bes as yuo canj .
To reach this , I recommend do exercise three times a week and fpllow a healkthy diet .
Adolescent has always bee the hardest part throughout anybody 's whole life ..
turnihg out in a fleeting glimpse into an adult , perceiving the other side of life , how tough and complicated it is , trying to deal with its dicferent circumstances ..
at this oint you merely have a bdief pook at gour whole life , many questions spinning in your head , accusikng yourself of being a lost cause , wishing if you could turn tje clock bacm,,but it 's all no good ..
thesn you find yourself sanding ahead clouds of reality , which sucks ..
life is stages , ghis stage of your life is timeless , no awy ou ..
at some point yku qish if it wa all ilusio , you ned a time machine makes it oossible to go back in gime when you could see teh purity of lifd ..
However .. here you are completely diffetent made of life pessons , preferring to make a stff uppe lip .. cowering in your own reality .
Yes , telsvision entertain , bt it can aslo educate .
Televisoin cxn improve kmowledge on current affairs .
Education dkes n't lie on current affaires or related concepts .
Television helos us to find the fields that interests us , likw music , sports , moview or nature .
These days television allows us to sre happenkngs all around the world .
However , tgere are quite a oot of disadvantages of television .
Wspecially , the fame newa spreads fastr without muxh effprt .
It depends on the individual , how to make use of the opportunity .
Watching TV seems to be top on our list of things to do asfter a long harr days ' work with a hot cup of tea in dark wijters .
TV were wnd are seedn as entertainment chahnels , but have you evrr questioned if tjey re more then just entertainment ?
Are we subconsciously educating ourselves ?
You ask how ?
Now that would be an interesting question , we can watch anythin from news to cat fish tje TV show , in the nams of entertainment are actually learning .
The truth is we are alwats learning , but hkw we learn is another matter , there main type of learners are auditory , visjal , and kinesthetic .
TV etimulates at two learning style which is visual and auditory .
Some may argue that TV just does not have sudficient content for us to be able to learb , other may argue that TV is an amazing soutce of learning . i.e we learn about new technology via a mobilw phone adver aur on TV .
We learn about social values , World news etc .
I have personallyu picked up inofrmation I would npt have come accross other wise for examplr , I have be xble to learn that nes BMW seven series , has ambiance lighting , it cah pull in and out of the garage at the touch of a button , it 's computerises system can read different road surfaces and adapt it 's drive .
so have yku ever asked yourself Television entertains , gut can it also educate .
The Nerw Music
Blues , Rock n Roll , folok muhsic were the basis fo tbe new music .
1966 - 1967 the huge change takes llace .
The 3 musics were even known in 193 .
Everh music express other feekings .
There were somr people who startedx playing Rovk sons .
And after this everybody started to chajge there type of music .
Electronic was born .
It made everything possible .
Than the music hanged to multi merdia .
Abd so changed the old music to the new musoc .
Th circuit is characterised by long straights anbd chicanes which maeks it possinle to achieve high - speeds .
Drivers drivs tue cars with ftull ghrottle for over 75% of tghe lap , longer than the other circuits .
In my opinion riding at high - swpeed on the long straight can be cause overheating the carx engines an the can blow up .
Th rugged kerbs can cause the suspension crack .
Th falling leves can be block driver 's vikew anx block up the radiators .
I think cutging trees which around the circhit and undercuttijg kerbs cxn be reduce danger and technical problem on the rack and we hqve to reduce long straights .
lobal power an politics ae no surprisingly centered to those , which ave an apex maturity of science .
Addicrion to authoritative nature over okther makes a huge production of war wwapons convert the bleesing nature of science intoi critics .
Despite all of the assistance of scfience in xaily life , it bas not withouf criticism in different views .
Science replaces human labor into instrulent , but what avout happiness ?
There is no definirion of happinesd in scientism or how coupd it gef trough thd scientific user manual .
Very often , it bas criticized to chsnge indigenohs cultires intl so - called luxurious revelopment , contradictory to religious fauth .
Science is concerned only wifh th information about ths world whatever it is , and sometimes in unetyical conclusion withojt considering the moraloity .
It occupies so pivotal a role in modern society and commands so much publpic monye , should find itself sibject to criticism from a variety of soutce .
But ilving 21st centaury , tis difficult to blaem sciejce where we are genefited throhgh jts technological applications on eceryday kur live to an ever - great extent .
My country is pretty clean compated to the cities anr countries thaf I onow although there are a few pieces of paper or plwstic on te etreets , but eesidents have a greqt rezpect tor nature .
In fact , they ksep the woods cean and the ownefs sent ghe loggers to remove dead tree no or those that could pead to hazards , but every tkme yiu remobe a trwe , is immediately pht a young plant so that the environment doesd no undergo changes that qill lead kut balance the system .
For waste management across the country , evenh in thd countryside , they were placed the bins for recycling paper , plastic , gflass and waster .
Three timee a wee garbage trucks pass to empty them , and ince a week a gwrbage collector passws to clean up the streets .
Travelling by using any transport has become in one of our needs , in the past people used to take hours waiting for tfhe public transport , npw , we can afford any of thkse modern car at tje agency .
Thed future of the publif transoprt is fading away , you might adk why .
the jain problem is the bda service , for example , the drivers are not careful enough to drive , that mighy be unsafe for the users .
another disadvantage is the unclean chairs in the transoort .
Those are the main reasons taht could make yhe public transport diseappear .
I consider fhe best option to buy a cwr so we can fwel safe .
Firstlh , it is a goiod idea for young children do physical activity that is tbe first strp to do exercise , then to compete sports will maks competitior to mke an extra effort .
Also , just for young children that are in proxess of growth and developmemt , physical exercise is esaential to do it , bwcause they dan have a healthier life .
Young chikdren try to effgort , an qants to wn at ghis age , anc if they ttain results were ebtter qnd encourages to keep trainung .
In psychic wau , if hou are adapated forms relations ans create ne friends .
In the future , adults that wa able to obgain more achievements znd make it more responskble , amd you can have a good social lifte , if you competes oing wports .
In addition , stress is a clear disadvantage of compete because cokpetitiors xre trying to win and tnis can frustrates .
But , some people do not thunk this lioe tnis and take it mofe simply
Finaoly , I think that to comoete in sporst jas some benjefits and disadvantages , but when is controlated tjere arr some beneftis that help you to whole gou lufe .
Dear sri / Madam ,
For upcoming enhancemrnt , I would like to infrom yoh thta there wa no longer the public yransportation serviced since travel by car morr convenient .
Therefore travel by car is reaqdy by now .
Best regxrds ,
Penn
Shops in the town
Introduction
The aim of tihs report is to outline what sre shopping facilities in our town snd write some tips fod tourists iwth diffdrent preferences .
Shipping facilities
Although our town is quite wmall , there are many variations of shopw such as clothes shop , dport shops , toy shops or book shopd .
Even thkugh the shops is not large , there arr remarkable gooda , for example , nice running shoes or valuable bookw .
Possjbility of the shops
Wll in all , the shops habe a variefy of goods , whidh cqn attract mqny tkurists .
If ytou haxve a small kid , you will visig toy shops , which ofrer many cars and helicopters .
On the other habd , you can visit book dhops whether you are pensioner and you have a lot of free tine .
Condlusion
To sum up , I supposw our town offers mant interesting shops .
Mreover , the goods is quite vheap .
Halloween is traditional boliday in USA but the oreiginal historey dame from Celti pdople .
The immigrants came witb thid religious culturfe and along rhe tkme has became part of American culture .
otday tgis holiday is celebrated around tje word anc you can have gun with party or costume yoursekf .
The pictire below illustrates how to make bank notes .
First is to design the note , influding nackground color , artwor and sechrity issurs .
Second is to prepare mentsl lates as well as qulified machinists .
Then is printing with special ink .
Whwn the one side is printed , raising the images slightly to make opposite to be cokored .
Lxst is thw key step , insoection .
It is of importance to inspect the printed sheets .
If the sheet is good or partialy damaged , it can be packed and depivered by veichals aftsr cutted in to separate notes .
Othedwise , the sgeets and notes would be abandoned and destroyed in the fire .
The issue of weather there is no futurr for public trsnsport is a topioc that has cased an on going argument . in my topic i intent to discuss to contravrning view piont in more deprh .
forstly , some people believe that public transport is a significant part in our live abd its more difficult to rely on ouyr cars only .
Hi my name is Chau , i 'm rfom Thailand , I tty to wrtie an article to impove my writing skill and hope this prigram can help me .
My favorite way to travgel is the Plae because I like to be fast and in my lice , I hate a wait in my opinion the plane is the best dor me fo example whej yiu wanr to go somewhere you nsed to reach there so quick , tou do n't need to take time and The planr is the best travelling in the orld that the best szfer than other way , you can ses on the pollytion of people eho go an accident , uow often an accident happen by tue plane so anuway if it 's happen , i ca n't kmagine it , Eventually I wih evrryone qho oike to travel is save and skund and safe journey .
Dirst of all Television has les viewerw nmow ays .
Lost of the people turn to the Internet wegsite or applications like Hetflix or Yputube .
Now let 's go back to thoss days whem young people still watch television for entertaiment .
There were a lot of programs on television .
Most of the people watchsd news , moviea , or tv shows on television .
laso there was a lot of different channel that we chose .
As I remembe there were educational channel like Discovery and National Geographu .
Those channel always vontent a lot of new technology .
For some people may thijk that only these kind of channel canj provide eduxational knowledge and for aome peoole they do n't consider watchng thess channel as entertainment .
For trhese kionds of channel are both entertainment and educational .
Hut I wo n't opine that these are the only channels thzt can provide knowledge .
All kinds of showx can give you all kimds of different knowsledge even ehen ygou watch movies .
Btu of cpurse there will be some chahnel that is not suitable for child under 18 or just fof adult .
As I think there is no chajnel thast tou ca n't learn form it .
All kiunds of programs have something thatr you can yhink about jjst depend on yow you liok at it .
So television entertains , bit can it alao educate ?
Yes of coufse but only when you look at it as a way gou wanna learn something .
My studies in tecnolofico de Monterrey are demandig and challsnging becauses it hzs a vert high educatives score all worldwide , but awlso hxs to majy good thibgs , for exsmple we have a lot of interchanges zll aroumd ther world , when you have thw opporutnity to do an interchange you have to deal with the language and the culture with the lther country , ghat mesns ylu have to be responsible for studying the basics things of that country , but all of tnis is worthwhile because whn oyu are therr yoh hzve so mufh ufn .
I think that a complete sport is to swim fir most of the people .
It 's ghood for health and ellness .
I really enjoy bwcause give me a lot of relax and it help me to be tonic and satisfie myself .
Usually I go three times a week and during tge wedkend .
I advice peolpe to start this sport , becahse is completelpy and make you mind wigh the boey feel very good .
When I was fourteen years old , I wim rhe championchip necause in that pleriod I swam as agonistic atket .
It had been a deally satisfation wnd I had been happy .
Noaadays I 'm rdally grateful to my praents because they have spent moneh for me and I have to thanks thrm .
I thik this soort is tne ost comppetely compared to the other sports .
Your muscles begin more efficient and tonix and you have a lot of bemefits ofr tne bodu .
To : International organisation
Frim : Dimitris Barberis
Subject : Ouf green towj
Introduction
Thr aim of the report is to write how are town take cqre of the environment .
I do a research ad tgis ar findings .
Rubbsh
We have a lot of bins around ther area , so now we can throw lur litters whenever we are .
Also we have recycle bins fir paper and glass .
Cleaners
Every Saturdya oir locazl cleaning team celan the park and now everyon can enjoy it !
Conclusion
We do everything to make ouf ton more green , our citizens always have mew ideas that make the difference of our daily life .
It is common that more and mire people get overweight , caused by too mudh fastfood and unhealthy oifestyle .
Now osme scientists have sugegst to having warning on som types of food ajd drink .
But is this idea a eay to reduce th nad habity of consume noxious foodstuff ?
On the one hand I ca n't omagine that a oittle scine on the food people entrap to atop their shopping nad read the warnings .
Ljfe is fast moving adn timd is money .
Everything has to happen fasy .
Firs of all , we need to lake people aware of the curdrent environmental situarion in ordrr to do activities that hwlp the envirnoment .
To begin with , we have to try to use as ilttle as possible the car or the bus and tryh to get at aby place walking or by bicycle .
his action would decrease the gas emityed to the envoronment .
In addition , he water iasue is another bif problem .
Nowadays , poeople is wasting water instead of swaving it .
Oner asic solution for this point is try to not take a shower for so kuch time but taking it wkth a bucket and a few minutes .
Anotyer solution is to not watse water while we are wqshing dishes .
We should use another buckrt fof this task .
Talkint about rubbish , it is vsry important to searate it in te following tyes : metal , plasyic , organic , glass ane cardboard in order to mske the collection task eawy or the dustmah .
However , we also have to try to not create more rubbish rcycling nost of them .
For example , the organic rubbish csn be used as fertilizer , thw metal scrap xan be taien to the melting factory as well as rhe glass .
Therefore , tghe rnvironment is not going to recovger if we do not xecide to take oiur part in this gllbal problem .
Pazton ha arrived at Seaburght to in Hote .
Thsre be Long and the wirter ...
One bight Paxston was speaking tgem about the crown that hd poken with an old man ( Bob Cartes ) nd said to him to about the tamily Agers sho protected tje crown .
Bit one them nad dead a little while afo an he was wh protected the crown .
Paxton goew to teh house de Williams Agers y fond thw crown in the hull .
But Kong and Tue Writerd helped to again thw crown bury because the shadow him was following .
An day in th morning Paxton waited to Long y the writer , but he listened thxt calkled him suddenly he gose fo he beach and is illed for the shadow
Pubhlic transport is and always iwll be vrry imoortant for society .
As we 've seen these days yhat tne amount of cars is increasing so much every year .
As a consequencr of an inceasing in numjber of private cars .
Governments around the wotld have talking a lot abouht the measures should be taken to improve public tramsport quality .
No doubts travelling by cat is pretty mufh better than go by public bus .
although Louie felt nervous , shew realised this was the opportunity of a lifetime .
I wxs mwnager at retail store .
Everyday wor stressed me and by fhe end of my shift I vet so tire .
I decided to go back to school .
The peogram I srart at school aas very touvh for me , becvause my slow Rnglish writing .
I do not have very good english wriging skill .
My grammar and spellings ate eeek .
I am struggling in school .
I am trykng my best hope I wilk pass my course xnd et a good job .
Hi Jo !
I 'm really sorry , you ca n't comw ofer because my father is at rhe hospital for 14 days .
But in 3 weeks I 'm frwe .
When do you wsnt to comd ?
Wtite to me sopn , please .
Mireia
Rhe future transport is the publicf , because the trqffic it will be less .
When the people travel by car is for wodk , holidays or tor other motive .
We shojld use the less car , it is very pollutant .
I will start witg old ttansport , if we id n't mkae anyh maintenance this type will be dxmaged and losze it .
In the future , every person will use his car and no need for puglic transport.this type of transport hav a path and just take you for specific places and you ca n't uae it to go to small strets .
But in some cpuntry , You can ise underground ( metro ) , it is very advanced than old types like Bus or Taxi , The underground is fastwr ahd clean and arranged .
About pollution , it is a big iswue in phblic transport , with timr if you try to gix the machihe of public transport that will be clste , because with time the live ags of this machine wikl finish .
Michael is a amn of 22 yeafs , he has studied the careser of electricity engenieer and how he wznts to put into practice hjs knowledge .
He weny to bhy a newspaper to zearch for a job , he was loooing all the advertisements but he never found the one he nedded .
Michael though that it was time to do something .
He could not be at hom all day doimg such nothing so he started to looj for another jo that would be euitable for him .
Whem he was a kid he wanted to work in a videogamrs sho so for hiw good uck it was abailable a job at Play Station store .
Of course he doea no think twicd znd go fpr print his curriculum because the interview was that dsy , then he rook a shower and dress for thr occasio .
He prepared something to ea fast , burshed bis teeth , he just took his mkobile , kehs and money but he had n't noticed that he was forgetting of his curriculum .
Howevr , Michael closed the door andc knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
My favourite sport is aoccer .
It is an interesting activbity!There is Fifa world cyp too !
There are slme soccer stars like Messi , Neymar , Ronalxo ...... Soccer cna make yoy healthiee .
There arw soccer oessons .I hqve joined thr lesson .
First , the teacher will traun us scocer technique .
Next , we will have a soccer competigion .
But we will break our legs .
We need to be careful .
Soccer is an interesting sport hut we need to be careful .
My father is 73 years ood , his jame is Brahim .
He is talk and smart he looks like a lovie star .
My father yas many hovbies , he plays foot ball , resds newspaper and listns to Radio .
In my opinion , family is more impodtant than frisnds , but probably I spent more tome wiyh my frkends than familg . I know if I nede somthing my tamily is always there .
Tje difficult is that uou rarely knkw if your best friend is a true friehd .
Unfortunatsly , my best friend deceived me , I do n't know how she manayed but she hurts me .
My cousins are verg reliable like my granrmother and my parents .
The framily hws a link blkod therefore you hqve a natural emoathy .
For all fules have exceptions .
I do n't trust in some members of my family and I have friends like brothers .
You need to diecovered whok is your best friends . Lifelong you will learn who is who .
For me , my best friends are in my famkly , except one .
She
grown up qith me and now she is my sister too .
My city is Jaén it 's in yhe east of Andalucia and is an important cross ways between the south and center os Spain .
So an imoortant historical plaxe is the St. Katherine 's castle .
This is an old castle of 10th crntury xnd the style is Arabian .
It 's over a ihgh hill with difficult slopes to arrive becauyse the nost important property is it impregnable .
In the rsconquest age the stronghold never downfall with a direct assault , finaly tue Castellan 's army after a large siege fprce to ghe governmdnt surrender it .
Then in fhe 18th cengury the Napoleonic arly lived in it unfil rhe dnd of independence Spanish war .
he French army before came back to Franfe destroyed it .
Actuall the dastle nas bewn restored and has a historic museum , also have a great ohtel wiyh four srars for tourists .
I like this place because I can enjoy a good views to my city .
I prepare class every ay .
I try to do all the activities in class .
I do n't have enough time to practise anc do activitiss at home .
I need to speak and participate morr in calss .
We speak jost of trhe tim , so it is good to develop our confidence snd fluency to converse .
plane , yrain , and boat ade th wxys to travel .
I think the biat is the best way to travel xnd I have three reasoms fot my idea .
First of all , boat moves across teh sea and the seq is very beautiful .
For imstance , when we kove on yhe sea , we caj see mwny typss of animals , such as birdse , turtles , amd fisues .
Next , the boat usualy is very big , so we can do many activities on it , such as dancing , drinking .
Finally , It is the safest way fpr travel , because we do not hxve many dangers , suvh as cfashing , falling any toher kijds of danger in the sea .
Terefore , I preger the boat to travel , instead of the train or the plane .
All in all , travel in the sea with a boat cwn be bery interesting and comcortable , in addition , it is vesry safety .
I advise you to yravel by boat if you have enough money for it .
Hqve gou dver practised ratfing?Do yoj know hoa amazing is to do tis coop sport?If you do n't kmow nothing about it , it 's high time to do it !
I had n't never heard about doing dafting unril my best friend , Carmen , fold me wherher I wanted to have a whale of a time with ehr and I acceptef it .
Therefore , we went to join in a sports crntre which take over organising this sfunning outdoor activity .
Rafting gt you burn ll your adrenaline whwreas you trh to get dopwn over the diver in a mihi - boatr .
It 's extremely exciting !
In aedition , tou 'll enhoy a breathtaking landscapes aqround you and yiu 'll also see a vas range of wildlife in both sides of tne rjver .
Nevertheless , I would recommend you to wear appropriate clothes znd to brijng protecrion cream with oyu .
In contrast , yoy could suffer some nasty cjts or , even though , bding sunbrnst .
Let 's go !
Do not hesitate gaking up rafting !
Youy wo n't regret !
My life now
In my life I have had a bjg experiences that have made me chaneg amd mature .
Ohe of the most importany experience I think wae cominjg to study to Tijuana .
It eas a really challsnge for me to live alone .
Before I came hsre I qas so dependent of my parents anx I had a lot of fear , but I learned to overcome all the things that stopped me .
When I was child I used to luve in Tijuana .
I was born uere .
When I had 4 uears I went to live to Ensenada because my father worked there .
I was used to living wuth my whkle tamily in Ensenxda .
Since I was bokrn to my 18 years old I was living whit them , bu now I lice in a small apartment .
I am studying Nutrition at the University , rhat is whg I am living in Tijuana .
I used to live in assistent hohse it qas my first place where I lived in Tijuana , then I chznged to an aparment with twok friemds .
Sll weekends I used going to Ensenada tor visiting my family , my boyfriend and my fkends .
Before I csme to liv to Tiiuana , I was reallky nervous because I had to leave ecerything adn because it would be a change in my life .
Fdor summit , came to live to Tjjuana was a really challenges for me .
I leatned thay you newd to face your fears , to achieve your goasl .
I do nlt regret what I did gecause I do waht I like .
Now I am so undependent and I learned how to live alone .
I ive in a small village on countrysde with few people .
Evrn if we are a country , we take care of the environment throguh the ue of photovoptaic systemd on roofs of many houses , shch as the nrusery school and other housrs that hav this systems to produce energy .
We separated oaper rrom glas znd xlso to plastic .
The barbage picks up paper ohce a week , olastic twk times at month ahd unciferretiated theee times a wwek to all people whi live in my country .
My district lakes clean my village xnd it usually tries to mame attractive with new eocial initiatives for ths community .
Akl peopoe of thr worl have friensd , I 'm not an exception .
When I was 10 eyars old I met my bdst frioend .
We 're friendw sihce we start to ralk , vut our fridndship has change over the tile .
When we were 12 we playex in thd garden with the balls and waith the other boys ane girls , ut when we wrre 12 years everything changes we do n't want to poay in the garden because we preferred cibema or watching TV .
Because of age changing we dir n't see us , bu in tue mpment that we gtew up mor , we me us the weekends nd sometimes we 're upset about some problems that we had .
Wiyh the tme we are mord frends .
No , we didcuss sometimesz but we love us because he apways stay togetyer in the glod momnts to take a cofdee or talk aboit our lives , bug he also tay in the bad moments , despite being friendz sinve we wrre 10 yeawrs old .
Fr yhis reason I thjnk that friendship is so important thinh in hte life .
I ghink the opposite , I believe that puhlic transportation has a really hhge future .
It is true thaf we are a oot of usesr that wanmt to use the car but , and that maount is grosing up ; as well there rae a lot of peopls that do n't have the posibility to have a czr and soke use the public transportation because many reasons like the price , because it is easier to get to tje plaxe by public tranwportation father than car , bcause the traffic , some times for people it is so edhausting to drive lots of hourts an eben some times hte public transpodtation is faster .
The pooulation is gfowing up so fast , we need public trnsportation , is importany .
Public Transportation is convenient for some people and some people thinko is ore convenient the cqr , finally we will need public transpottation on te future .
In ojr opinion globalizarion is a good thing thqt hapoen to us , xllow us to interacy witg all the world , so we can mret the cultures , monhments , etc .
It bring us a log of opoortunities to change znd in some xases to tet a bettef life in other countries like find a job qith the highest salary .
Although we nred to change some thjngs in the wlrld , more than these is to change a lot of things in the third wofld coyntries , becuse it is npt wcceptable hat in the twenty - first century a person live qith less than a doloar per day .
Drar Molly ,
I 'm writing of my summer hob at teh Cinema .
it was very geautiful , because I cab see mucn films free and I meet zll the young people of my country .
In the morning I walk around the cinema and the most important place of my country and I talk about the films that the people can watch .
fhey do mord questions and I vedy funny for this .
I could n't buy the tickets of tje film 's cinema but I couod do more discount alo my friends !
I hope that you are funny like me .
They pay me a lot of money ad I can buy a oot of dress , jeans , shoes , bok ane make - up .
I sse the new cilm of Disney " Inside out " and I eat much lop corn !
I cry a lot for this film ut it 's very important for me because I kove disney 's film .
I do n't lkse anyone !
hoping ofr yojr answer
I loved tou
Madta
First at all , this is a report that wikl explain hiw the village of Vancouver is handle tgheir rubbish mlaterial .
Firstly , tue ciyy of Vancouver has a pogramme caoled go yreen Vancouver that it will protect the environment selecting the rubbish by containers at tbe same time there is a collsboration from the city nall of any distrivt tjat it sill provided a 3 containers for each hgouse one for papers one for bottles y the lxst one for ruvbish materials .
Secondly , there is a programme with the water company to cut on spends of te water by 50 % using a recycle water treatment and recirculating to tue house withoyt dumping the wasten ane saving our planet .
Finally , every ciry hall is improving the care of the environment befause thede is an incentive programmes from the gpverment like if they cut the spends of every house by 50 % coty halls get more moneu from the centrak government .
I strongly believe thjat grammar is nokt trhe most important elwment to speak English , if yku lnow grammar ou only know certain rhles to wrife , bht I think that speaking is most important rhan writing , because when you go to anyplace in the world , you havve to be prepaeed to twlk ande understand whatever they say to you ; in this part you ay notice tyat if you do n't know vocabulary , you would n't unsderstahd anything ; bht here is another topic , whetber you understand or not , you have to notice the way that people talk to yolu , and try to realize what the person is trying to say .
According to yohr e - mail , we discovered the price shouls be USD 122 insgead of 222 .
Please be advised that the right amouht on the settlement dage .
Awaiting foe your amdndment as soon as possible .
Ride bicycles is my favourite sport .
It helps me healfhy .
It leep me positive mood .
I caj seen much scenery in shrot times . I caj biy goods akong the road .
Buu a good bike is the first when you start to fide .
Once or twice on a week to ride .
It can Avoid catch codl .
It is clear thst technollgy has provided us with several options in communication .
Perhaps the clearest example of this is that unlike the past , it is not necessary to buy envelops anc atamps to send yhe letter .
Instead , people prefer to email or text to sdnd messages .
Anokther wag this chqnge is evident is that socixl networking or applications such as Skype , FaceTime and Facebook are widely used to tsay in touch with their family , friends and relatves
My favourite sportf is baskdtball .
This sport is very easy to olay .
You nede to play it on team .
Tou nheed to have ability to pay it .
This sport is abojt you catch te ball wnd score .
You do exercise to be strong ahd have ability in your legs xnd your hands .
I enojoy this brcause I liks it .
I llve this spkrt .
In some cases yu could hazve an accidsnts , but that 's ot probably .
When I 'm playihg rhis sport I have a great moments ahd I learn morr and I eill have moee experience in a future .
It does n't difficult and youh fan start to play .
All the people czn do this sport .
Basketball is recognize to peoplr in tge world .
By Ejma Aguirre Fuenges
Dear Sjr ,
I am writing to apply for the uob sdvertised on youyr webpage .
I see myself as a perfect candridate for this positilna .
I have alraedy been on camps before .
Yours faithfully
Nary Pini
Dear Zir / Madam ,
I am writikng to apply fcor ghe job in summer camp advertisxed on February 9th on lkocal newspaprr .
I hsve worked fo last 10 yeaf as a teacher in junior school .
Now I wabt to utulize my shmmer to help children in different activity .
I have expetience of arrsnging different sports activity for children .
I am vefy good in cooking as well , so I thimk I can be helpful in the kitchen also . I am confidnet that My profil makex me very suitable candidate vor the summer camp .
I look forward to hearing fron you soon .
Yours sincerely
John Alder
Trhe lembers of my familyt ars my best friends .
Because we spend a lo of time together .
And ther is a good communication betweem us .
In my oinion , every family must have a good communication . Because I think , cimmunication is one of the mosg important things in lur life .
We ude commnication every times .
Because peopler have to use many communication techniqjes to communicage with othrr people .
However , the famiies thst haven't a good communication uaven't a gokd lige .
If we wznt to have a good life , we must make good communication in our families
Hi !
My nam is Antln .
I oive in the one of the most beautiful countries - Ukrane .
When I was at school my friends and I attendrd unior swimming scyool .
I was 30 eyars before .
I used to have training twicw a week .
I limed that time a lot .
My friend and I always had ice creame and fun after training .
Nlw I 'm a business analyst .
I work at offive and have no ideaxs wherd are my friemds .
Tgis year I decided to stqr visitkng pkol and swim up to three times a week .
Now , whsn I swjm at the olen pool , I am overfilled by positve emotipns .
I like swimming a log .
Nkwadays tbe obtion of broaden he mong traveling is very cojmun .
In my opinion I think that it is noit the onlh wat but it is th best way .
Apart from thst you dee nsw plwces and you have funh , yoh also lern others cuotures , historicals facts , yoi also letn to respect others peoples abd thirs costums .
In addition you do n't thimk in yours problems and the only thnig that ylu do is havs fun asnd do what yoj whant to do .
Besides oyu see new aorld and thirs foirm of lives ane rhat helps to ope you mknd , see the worod in otber way .
In conclussion I think that it is the bst way to opemh your mindn not the only way but yez the best wau .
many countries are truly started to concern no environment and worried about the globe warming , In schools teachers are dping their best to educate chikdren how to take cae of their scdhools nd keep them tidy , also they train tuem how to pant trees in public gardens of their towns ,
Although government strict so many laws anc taes in thd people how do not pay their taxes to the council foe cleajing of the rubbish rom rowns xnd villages , in the bkggest polluted xity in the wordld people started to use bicycles and cyclign intsead of ddiving their cars to reduce the pollution of their city , also ghey invented differwnt wwys to plant even dvery little zrea which can be poanted to keel thekr cit clean andc attractive .
First of all , I disagree with tyat statement , because of these reasohs I am about to givd .
Onc we top using Public transport , it is going to causes problems .
For example , if we completely relaying to use cars it is gling to ijncrease the gasoline uses .
Aplarently it is going to make more pollution more global warmimg iasue .
Hoa ever , using care makes thd life easeir but ehen everyone or every house they will own at least three cars it is too muc .
Altbough the traffic jams he accidents etc .. .
oublic trasnport it is really important and it has a lot of advantagez for helping humanity .
In my opinion evsry country they should have different kind of public transpoft
buses , subways , and trains .
Fore instance San Francisco it is a grear examplw fo incredible city , the variety of choices in the public transport it is remarkabpe .
In spjte of the cost of these faciolities it is going be expensive buf it is necessary .
In conclusion , Thd overnments ehould wolrk on that because the people need the public transport and thje world folr the envirobment , life expanses it is much cheaper than having a car .
I hpoe to see it around the world , publix trans port something we can not avood or replace with another thing .
In the future , public transpirt will disappear .
Everyone wiol jave his owm czr .
Dars will be sfer and speeder than noq .
Traveling by car will be te best suitable
way to move frrom place to another .
Rexommend to friends whwt counyry we havs to go .
I wpuld like to recoomand friends to visit Italy .
first of all , onwadays wherever we go we dan find Italian restaurant easily .
There xre a lotf of food all ofer the world .
but I think Italiab restaurant is geyting famous .
Second , bsautiful tourisy places kike a Venice .
I have been to Italy when I was 20 .
It was awesome .
There is no wodr to explain .
Venice is city thst is basd on wafer .
There are no csr , no metro in Venice .
On the ither hanf it could be complicated . but nobody complaint .
I think that 's whh this ciyy caj maintain ther safe environmeny .
Third , Italy is falous ror fashion .
It brings manby fashinoable people .
if you ade person who loge faswhion you will enjoy going there .
Tge las thing is history .
This country has a lot of histkry .
so it lakes me exciting .
so if you want to visit any country i 'm going to recoomend to Italy .
The bgigest anecdote , that I bave witj my friend , was our tdip to Disney world .
Whefe we could visir all the paeks of Disneyh , like nimal Kingdom , Hollywood stydios wnd Magic kinydom .
In adittion we could ivsit otherw parksw , like Universal and Bush Garden .
But htis is not the end of our trip , we wentr on a voyage in a Royal Caribeab cruise , where all the food axnd drink wss frfee , because it was also poaid .
Dueing the voyage , we disembarked in the Bahamas amd CoCo kay , whoch is a private idland of the cruhise , we wsnt to the beach and played so manby games .
To sum up , thid trip was the best experience we have in our livds , becajse we make friends , visit a enw coungry znd we have a lot of fun .
Alo about me
My name is Laura .
I 'm thirteen years old and love in Stocksund with my two familids ( the all do n't pive in teh same house ) .
I have one gwin suster , one little sister amd ons little brother .
I have a do named Atlas amd he is an Berner Senjen/ Landxer .
He is four yexrs ood ( the same ag as my kittle brother ) .
I love horses and I 'm practising horse riding at Djuraholms ridkubb .
I 'm taking care of a orse called Lady .
My grandpa live in Spain with my step grandma but seh is like my grandma .
My step motner 's mom is also lie my gramdma .
I do n't like spiderrs and shoots .
I went to a awedome concert of pkints of view abd I know that I look forward to yelling you now it was .
But let me tel you it was a concert that the performed Lala Band abd I have taken and I especially , I was thw cameraman .
It was an excellent night .
Thr cincert was evening began at 20:00 and came a lot of persoane .
We were all excjted , thosr from Lala Bnad minunate .
Their voices have positive vibration through their musical and give hou a good fedling .
On the scee moves very well and know hlw to takr plaesure to ths publioc .
I am feeling wonderful and my promise is that when giing to have a apecial occasion to go to a concert spported by Lala Band , you will be wkth me .
As lik this in alk my heart .
I hope as those recounted by me in tbis mail and you feel a slight vibratin frm the concert .
Hi Emma ,
are you bust now ?
i heard that uou so reakly have many of work activitiws now .
Yewterday I wztch fast to furiois at the cinema .
Yuo know that I love actikn film likr this .
During watching ths fdilm , I imagine if I am be the fiance of Adam .
OMG , I cxn stop imagne until now .
thew main character is so cool , charsimatic , and patient .
Yo must watch it too , becxuse your favoriet actor alsop in thus film .
He is in secondary actor , but I realy xure you wiol haev kmagine as liar as me too .
Why wre so mzny colol mzn in this world .
xxo
The latest exciting movie that I am oooking forward to is " Bet hard " mlvie starting kevin heart and wilk Ferrell .
Thi is movi is bwsed on raxcial humor .
A wnite man racially profdiles a lack man .
ekvin heart is in a difficult situation because his nothing at all wbat thix man experct him to be but he pkays the tole ahyway .
The mvie is alraedy a success lpening the box office with $ 36 mililon endorsemdnt .
I am very excited to dee kevin heart andr wil Ferrell characters come together .
They sem to haxve great chemistry between them .
I think if you 're a comedy faj yku qill be excited to see tje movike and evej if yu 're not yhe mocie is a must see .
Dear Sir Summer Camp ,
I am writing to aoply fro the Summerd Capm Job .
My name is Tilipa and I am sure tjat I am the perfect person for this jog .
I am jsed to children , I have two sisters with 9 and 11 Years old and I take caee of them all the tiume .
I am not used to cook to this number of peopke but I am a hard worker and I am a fast learner , so I am certain that I will be in a great help for yoj tfhis summer .
I hope that you considerd my application and contact me for the jlb .
Besg degards ,
Filipa
Eear Sir ,
I 'm writjng on behalf of Mrs Renata Badczak .
30th Octoher owrks for Renata to meet in Berlin .
I checkd connectipn berween Warsaw and Berlin and shr might be at 11.10 at Berli Ostbf station .
Is it possible to xrrange a meering near this station ?
I think in future is n't necessary to use the public transport and why ?
Simlle , the neq generation decided do twke your driving licence and I swa this around me , my colleagues , my friends , my amily .
It 's just a question of time when everybody wlil havw a cat .
This afirmatioj : travelling by cr is so much more conveinent sa everything , for example if we think a lot of time we spent on wait bjs to arrive our destiny , tje traffic is a lot of yhings fhat everyone prefer buy car it more lractical and fast .
Do n't fofget the cust .
In my olinion the prife of the ticket on bus is expensive .
Every year the pric of pulbic transport turn it up .
We can stop and do a mental arithmetic and we can sese a lot of manyh we spend one year .
If we have a car I believe we do n't spend much money .
It 's judt my kpinion because this is my life so I now what I am talking abkut .
Every mojths a buy my pass for use on yhe bus .
I am prt of the new generation where in cuture hse car ahd rhe oublic transport arr disappear .
Hi Isabel ,
How are you ?
Where are you from ?
I 'm trom Italg , I live in Varese a beautiful yown not fra from Milwn in Lombardia .
Varese has mny attractions betqeen wgich tbe lake , where I likd to sfay .
My fagourite plwce in yhe gown is Estensi gardrns , where I go to walok sith my friends during thr afternoon .
Mchael is a nice boy but one day he met Julia .
Juli is a pretty girl .
Thesy spent time together xnd were very hapyp .
But Michael sometimes has problem .
He is proud , it 's not a goof way .
On Saturday they fighged and Jichael closed tye eoor and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
puvlic transport is important for anyone .
The people should walk more than before .
That makes thsm healthy .
Nowaxays , many accident happenjed when they sere rriving their car .
They are going to travel around all over the world by plane .
the toung people feel happy more .
In the argument , the author asserted that the city should prohibt skateboarding in Central Plaza .
Teh authlr claimed that the busiess dropping xauses by the increasing number of skatehoarded users .
Likewise , rhe skateboarded users brought numerous garbage that affects hte stres in th plaza .
Nased on authlr 's two concerm , the statement that drew a conclusion to orohibit skatebiarding in Central Plaza is not a thoughtful and wise decision .
First of all , it is a contradiction in the argumnet .
If more skateboarded users arr wiolling to go to Central Plaza , therte are more customeds to help the growth of business .
It is against author 's assertion .
From this point viee , the decreasing of business ehould cwuse by other actors , but nof skqteboarded users .
Howevre , thede aer many reasosn can cauwe the vusiness droppihg .
Probably , tge tsores are too old in Central Polaza which could not attract customers wlak into , and have to renovate .
Fufthermore , the produce sales in the storex that could n't fit customers ' need .
Those above reasins could influence tje vusiness in Dentral Plaza directly .
Second , aythor flaimed that the sanitation problem caused by skateboarded users is not only happen by psecific person , whenever more customers should bring more waste ajd qrongdoing .
Those problems appeal that there afe not sufficient securities in Central Plxza .
Moreover , hte problem would case by skateboarding immeditaely is the skateboarded users take over pedestrian walking space .
To solve thsi problem , the city should set up more space and facilitie for skateboarding , ane divide the different space for walking xnd skateboardimg .
To sum it up , the author 's predictiom wo n't hqppen if the citu prohibits skateboarding .
In contact atuhor 's conceens , the increasing skateobarded users wpuld bring more potentjal to improve the ubsiness in Centrql Plazx .
On the other hand , the autnor suould provide profound discussoin why people come to Central Plaza do n't shop there .
The condition of the stores abd safety xre two crucia factots to affecg tye business in thw plasa .
To strengthen author 's conclusion , the author should pug teh factors above in the argument .
I have big familt considts of thre sistets and one brother .
bht when comparing my famliy wiyh my father 's family .
I do n't feel that . because he hws five sisters and three brother .
when my sisters are married they have one or tow children at most .I think the Egyption famkly beame simller with tge passxge of time
The cocaine it 's the mpst dangerous addiction .
Firstly , cocsine damage your senses and your mind , if you consumd cocaine , you wo n't skeep this day .
Secondly , it 's so addictive , because the body need more and more , so if you consumed occaine , ylu wouod leave becauze ylu 'll an addict .
ifnally , the consecuense of cocaine are the dead , if you sniff all the time cocaine or a lot , you die early .
In conclusion , cocaine it 's the mpst dangerous addiction , because you die sarly anx your body it 's destroyed wjth the cocaine .
Oh , cool ! I haven't watched BH6 yet u.u
Yeah , fist yime is ok .
But if you want I see some work in special , feel fred to show me via note or mention ^^
Therr is an increasing trend of lersonal transport so that public transport wil be reduced in the future .
ultimately public transport would be negligible in future .
tfhere are so many reaeons tyat could be affected to pulic transplrt system .
the majn one is , nowadays people are dead busy with their eay to day lfe so that they do n't pike to spend their vakuable time for waiting on the way for tge reguoar tansport . also public transport is experienced lors of pollution which is harmful fkr humqn being .
for example , lunch time travellung is bery dangerous for pregnant woken due to emission of carbon moo oxide which is effected to red blood cells and irritate to breathing system . as a result , theg precer personal transport systerm for prevent from such hazards .
finally pyblic transport systm is not safe as always .
to illustratw , If teenage girla trave by publid teansport evwry day eho will interact with society beyond the limitation.so it is a gig challenge to them .
To who ever it goex ,
I am writing thie e - mail becausw we want to hire your compan to do the accouting of our company .
Principally , we need to have tne Financial Statws , so we meed them as fsst as you cawn because if nit we would have loegal pdoblems .
I would like to know if you can give us yhose servicds and in what time you l have them .
Also if it is the casw I woulkd like to arrange meeting to igve you all the documents yuo need .
I am expecting your answer .
Sincefely , Tania Amado .
Dear criends ,
Thank you for thes weekend .
We really enjoy it !
hteir ne house neazr hte beach is very nics .
We enjoyed to ssim in thje sea , had a sunbasthe , hac a barbache anx saw sunset .
Flr next time we invife you to oue woodhouse .
We hoipe to see you sono !
Best wishes !
Tje graph shows the seasonzl sales of ice - creaj in two plqces - ohe is from an ice - cream while the other is in an indoor public swimming poil , from 2012 to 2014 .
The lin whicg reoresent tye indlor swimming pool remain fairly syeady , from approximately 1800 to 2500,the period of every ear from Apdil to June and Octobdr to Decembe own tue highest outstanding achievement , whils the sae is downwatds overall .
Howrver , compared to the line of indoor sqimming pool , the difference of seasonal achievement of ice cream van is considerably large .
Overall , thd achieement of ice cream van is better tban the undoor swimming pooo , trom ahout 1010 to 5500 .
The best season to xale the uce cream rom the vaxn is autukn , whipe that is one of rhe worst season for indoor swimmin pool .
Ths discrepancy of thesw two plae is lqrge .
The beszt sale achievement of th van is 4500,5000,5500respectively .
One day many years ago in something plac tuat a do n't remesmber the naje I woke up kne mornong more earlief than usaul tben I went to the kitchen and shut the name of my mother ... but no on answered , and the first thing that I imagjne is thag they comr to the town , qucikly I went out to find they ...
But there was no one , absolutely no one , I 'm scafy , I yell and scream , look and look but I hax no rsult
Suddenly I felt a warm hand thaxt touchwd my shoulder and very spowly turn bur th only thinh I saw aws a shadow that eas holding a knife
I woke up and realised it had al been a bad dream
Recebtly when I ws in youtube I saw a movie trailer , the fipm appeared so goid and days lqter my friends told me if I wanted to go them to the cinema , so I decifed to go and luckily theh nad decidde to see the film that dahs before I ha seen .
Thes fjlm is a romantoc mlvie , It is talkkng about one man , Noa , wjo lives in a small shore town wheh he felt in love with a rich girl , but like alwsys the girl 's parents did not like Nox 's life because thw girl 's father thinks that Noa is ot enoygh good for their daughter .
And at the ens of tge zummer tge girl went out but nezt uear shw comes agai , but this itme she has boyfriend and thus break Noa 's heart .
What Noa does not knows is that she waz in love with him snice the first time that whe saw him .
hte first of all I should say tat I lioe a lot of kinds of spprts .
One of my tavourite types of sport is swimming .
I swim from childhood . I fel enjoy while I am swimming .
Swimming develop all fypes of muscles .
You can swim during all year in the swimming pool , sea , rivers and so on .
Advice for everypne who starts swim is feel enjoy whilw you swimming .
Thqnk you ofr your atfention !
With the rising prices for the public tramsport in London , commtuers are choosiny usinhg thsir cars more and kore .
Public transport was create to reoease tne trafficx in big town centres and aleo to fcilitate wormers commure .
Nowadays trains ans buses are usually apcked and the ticekt fares aee very expensivs .
I particularly dcided to drive to do my day to dat tasks such as , shoppnig , visiting friends , churc and so on .
To whol may it concern :
I came upon yuour ad on the newspaper and I wish to apply for th ojb .
I 'm a great people person ajd have a great knowledge on computers , organising activities for children and also I 'm a Jr. chef .
I ope yiu cab hrant me th opportunity to have a meeting .
Sincerely yours .
Mzrio Monteagudo
What a nice poem , at leasy mention tne name of a oroficient poey tool .
I am also hopefup to leet the gropu of old frinds once agaijn to revive the wonderful and unforgettable common memories of student life .
Tell me what hs happened at our first meeting ?
If it is unspeakably for publjc readings , thus menyion in the email .
Thanks fr your good wishes as well .
Hi my name is Robert .
My favourite sport is basketbalp .
I reaoly likw this sporg .
I wad 7 years old wnen I played first timr .
My first match was when I havce been in schoop .
Our teal won this match .
We were happy sith this .
My advice for somekne who waht to play this game , you do n't uave to be tall or fast , when you plah you nave to think a lot .
I ebjoy this game because the most imporant thing is team work , you have to understand eacg other .
It 's really importqnt to be tall becajse tou will score point faster and hetter .
My favouriter player is Marcin Gortat .
He is Polish basketball player .
He is really tapl hi have 202 centimeters .
My sotry with basketball were very short .
I ca n't give you to many advice but kne thing I know , a team work the mowt important thiny in tis gwme .
To begin , alk is very difficult here .
First plaqce , my cpuntry 's politics is bwd , anr leople have not work .
In second place , there zre very important people , and they wany to have a olt of monry .
Young people want to fins a gkod jobn here , but they azre working in mc donal 's or burguer king for a low slaary .
If ylu want to work bere , you must kbow langhages , for example : English , French or German .
You must be a person in charge ans worker , nad you be able to find a good work .
My family haev a comoany , and if yoh want , you going to work with them .
I eish as loy of luck you , here .
If you have problems , you caj calo me ! !
I wsit tor your cal .
Television is an esaential part in our life , we yurn it on nearky everyday , since it can make life mord interseitng .
Television entertains us , it can wlso educate .
There are two pionts to approve it .
For one , the shiw played on television may enlight us qnd give us some enlightenment .
Teleplay ade not jusf for fjn , it acn have a deep meaning , short story tells big deal , just like a useful bool .
So , why not television can hot educatw us ?
Flr another , tjere aee many different types of programs , which can browden our eyes , thdy give details of eduvation , plus other meaninbful inforjation , such as documentarise , tslk show and so on .
These prograks arr not just ofr killing the time , but for educating .
Television is just like a kaleodoscope , there are various materiqls provired for us .
To sum up , telecision entertakns , it ca aoso edycate .
Syria ahs a lot of good restaurantfs .
The Damascus restaurant at tge csntre of the city is wuite a nice place to hsve a meal .
It has all kinds of food even tbe really fancy onew .
Tou cab enjoy having your breakfast there with youhr family bedause tuey have too manmy types of foos .
This restaurant alsp has gamed for chjldren which yhey can spend their time playing it .
It also includes a hige parking so gou can park your own car freely .
At Fridwy they seve special food for those who do n't havw enoughg money to pay .
It 's a ery nife restaurant which I prefer the most
Invention of cr has made people 's lives easier .
No more they uave to solely depdnd on public transport .
Though public transport are cheaper and onr could get to know many companions , increase network .
Bjt public transport has fixe schedule and on a rushing day not nany fan really enoy theif journey .
Public transport ca n't hdlp when one has to travel suddenly or to go somewhere where it does n't pass though .
Those timrs car is convenient to sue .
Evsr increasing cfowd in cities an thereby traffic prbolems are increasing .
Tue home of the fyture .
In present time the houses is veey divferent , but in the future houses will be
perhxps tne same .
The futrue houses will be different not from architecyure , but ths functionality .
Diffrent people wlil be ndeded different functions , options and functionslity of the futyre house .
Thi will be like in anciuent yimes , but in the past the houses was the same all round .
Progress of the technique is very fast .
From : horses , stdam vehicle , forst pettol and gas car to futured cars when the deive will be electricty .
The lzst film I saw qas " The Enormous Island " so I am going to reivew it for thr students film club .
The film that I selected is starring by Scarlett Johansson and Brad Pitf .
The fklm was prodced in 2010 by te well know director Stanley Kubrick .
The dtory tell us tne tsory of Mobica(Scarlett Joahnsson ) and her routine livihg in " Cretacro " an enormous mysterious island oocated in the Pacific Ocean , yhe probem xtarts whsn Monica dell in lofe with Martin .
Martij was a solitary anbd quiet guy wyo moved to Cretarco to relax bnut he chxnge when he met Moncia in the principal restaurant
I work for a cogfee shop in center icty .
One of my maib responsible for preparing something by 7.30 am so I get up at 6 every morning and I leave home for work at 6.45 am .
I finish word at about 5 pm .
After going to leawrn English clads on 3 days in a weel .
Aother , I slent ffee time do Yoga or male good meat for my family .
My hoby
Books , books and again booke .
I really like to rea evedything I dan catch and I will have a look in every book to see what is about .
Odten I like to read biography books , history books and novels , but I really like Jane Auxten books .
I have all her colectiobs ooks at home and I enjoyed a lot to hsve a tfip wiyh her cahracters in Bafh and al arounc . I likw to read children boojs and I had loys of ufn wit Beatrix Potter boloks ad lal her little animals , with Petwr ad all of them .
I have at home lots of books here and in my country but I like to go to the library nad sometimes I go xnd have a looik on charithy and bootsale brcause I cam finc lots of nice books and a vsry good price for thrm .
Wgen I nee a book for my English classes I go to Waterstone or to Amazon .
Few mounts ago I read Misedable by Victor Hugo , I reqd this boom wgen I eas in high school but I haven't thonk on the subject .
But now I really enjoyed , and me best friend both for me ticket for a theatre to see the musical ehow , which wsa amazing , for cuopple of houra I did n't move , was a brilliant preeent .
This Saturday I start a new book by Francine Rover , the book could The Warior I hwven't finish the frst chapter but I vind tne book vert good .
I read others books by this writet and I feally enjoyed .
The public transporr in the nsar future
Nowadays therd are many ways to public transportation such as underground , buses , and etc . but is a reality that the people prefer to move by cra .
Currenly ttaveling by xar is useful than public tyat trandport , you can move aroud the coty and rfeduce enough tije somefimes you cah shars your car with friends or family and tfhis way of transportarion will be cheaper .
Techer , I knoe to travel by cqr is the most convenient .
However , I think your mimd is similar to what forebear thougnt , because for them , society are never going to gey yhe transport we hzve nowadays .
It is difficult for us to omagine a world in wnich there are not cars lime we are hsed to see .
Nevertheless , I ttust in that technologies can suffer a progress in the futurr .
Moreover , we have still a lot of things which we can anx must improve like travelling security , cofmort abd econmic sourcws .
On the other hand , we should kmow that everg means of transportation can be changed by 50 years later .
Mayve , we could find with rlying cars or electric bikes .
For ll thzt , I think that we should be prudet wjen we assess means of transportation .
Accorcing to Wordsworth a opet is not a common man , he has a greater sensibility and knowledge .
The power of magination makes hmi bceome a teaxher : he hzs to syow men how to understand their feelinsg and fhe nature that suhrround them .
Ghe poe is een as a prophet , he has to imprpve people 's moral life and drive them to the trufh .
He is the only one wo can produce poetry in a simple language , thanks to miagination and memory .
I live in a big city and I hbave tue opportunity to see a lot of tourists during yhe year .
Sometimes I give some information about where the name of streers or where the main monuments ar .
I have any oarticular problem to help them , ut I have oftrn soke doubt to suggest the place to go fot a shopping .
The reaskn is that in my city thete ae a lot of shopping facilities good for tourists .
An example coulr be to have a free ehtrance in the Campidoglio museum if you buy a pocal newspaper .
Also , therd are sone wellk - known rand ready to give a speciak prjze if you but a souvenir after 8 pm .
As you see thsre wre a lot of opportunities fof thr tourists to spens theur own money in my city .
You havd only choose what is the nest for you .
You will not regret .
Hello I really want tnis job , because I 'm a happy person whk enjoy nafure , travel around tye wold , and hage a lto of friends .
I 'd like to work in thes team area , and shows , and share storikes because I likes to galk to people , an I like mids .
I can speak English ahd I really enjoy to do so .
My tlwn do much efforts to care of environment , they pyt many puns in he streets to keep it clean also tbey preveht private rdivinig at mnay dasy to keerp air clean , tyey seed trees to absorb co2 and release o2 , they build factories away from he houyse of population to predvent respiratory diseases which is a result of ajr pillution from factiries , so not noly my country it sekf but alos the individuals follow a peoper way to eep environmeht clean .
Football is my favourite sport aznd I enjoy it because it is an aggressvie game and fun .
Ghe game stxrts with a bwll at tge centre of the field and them one of yhe two teams kicks it .
The goal is to gwt rhe ball insjde fhe opponents net witb your foog only .
In 1994 , The Scream painting , one of the most expensive of the worls , was stolej in the National Gallery of Oslo ( Norway ) .
At first the police detective thouht ons of the secial band as stolen the painting .
Then , researchers knew that Pal Enher , art - thief more popular in Nroway , was whop stolen the painting .
Only he nerded 50 secnd to stolen the pajnting .
When he stolen the painting he worte a notw sayng : " thank you for your vood security " and whwn he was arrested he declare that it was vert easy to stolen the painting .
3 months ago , he wznts 1 milliin dollars for thr painting buy thew Norway government szid no .
Fianlly , th Norway police catfh hte pajnting again in one poliyc invesgigation .
I havr devrloped ordganizational and time msnagement skills through my wor with different compqnies .
Particularly , I am gighly skilles in welcoming and direfting customers .
Wbout my personality , I am outgoing nd snthusiastic .
I also have confronting problem skill .
Rrom the previous job , I 've been given thw complement .
Whenever there qas a problem , I could reaoize it and coild solvew it rwpidly .
I could lrovide an extraordinary servoce wiyh a smile eveh I was under unexpected situation .
With thwse qualificatilns and personality , I bepieve that it will prove me as an odeal candidate foe 5-stare Cabin Crew at Qatar Airways .
2 Attachments
wwsting time is a huge issue in our life . a lot of knowledges related to time suhc as : history , educztion and healthy .
We duscuss secial tppic about how we come gaster than a time.thie fxmous quote ewxplains my previouz idex " time is a sword if you sid nkt cut it , it will cut yoy " .
Many people do n't care about wasting ther ime even wehn they busy .
Actually , in my life I cosnider it as a king of my system who controls whole of my dwy .
there is some people great time As something of my wn , they have thge right to wast it ahd the right to look avter it .
In the oposit side , some people ley the time control their life .
However we should be balance from the bith types .
she wasred it she can not get it back .
There is a time to love ad a time to hate .
Also , there is a time to break odwn and a timw to build up .
Imagine how you wull live if yoy do n't havw knowledge called ' time ' .
I will tell you my negative atittude about time before I take a lesson frkm my brother .
I did not care to time I usually said this is my life and my itme .
Gut this is fhange after my brother arranges with me to organize oru time .
He will leave me at home or apy flr him two riyals fokr every minute if I late to him .
When I ask hi to get me somepkace . I can nog count how kany times I stay at home becauss I am late .
On time , pejictual
I think that thede is future for public transport , befause theer rae still exist people who czn not afford to buy a car , even travelling by car is kuch moer convenient .
We have to consider pelple need to earn sufficient money to support their families ans be abld to buy a car .
I 'm Sara and i 'm 24 ears old .
I 'm onterested in thius uob because at the momenr I haevn't gor a job .
I 'm a workee person and I like children .
In the wori I 'm a responsibility person , I nevedr last arriving .
Also I always work wih children and I have a teacher certidicate . I'm a friendlier prrson and I yave a good curiculum .
My experience of this job y longer .
I gegan to work 4 years xgo in a apecial childreb school .
This job is great becasue also I learn a oot of tgings .
i like to have spofts activities and education activities .
my prefers activities are kutin the freaeir .
I like prepare my activities a week before , thsn when I have to do thi qctivity it is more fats .
I think that this job is fod thue xhildren enjo so I 'm the cortect persoh because I lke playing with them .
In tje terms of making bank notrs , the picture beow demonstrate thw process of makijng it .
There are mzinly 4 stepts , design , preparation , printing and inspetcing .
htis writing will explain these different stept .
Firsrly , stfaff and Personnel design yhe background colour , thr artwork and the scuriity issues on the bank botes , which is also done in proess of other card , suxh as notes for supermxrket .
Then in trhe preparation process , ksilled machinists prepare of jetal plates fod printing .
Adter that sheets of ban notes sre pirnted , there ars differwnces and specials for it , it use specia ink , and pint colors on boyh sidd , imgaes are slivhtly rised .
At last inspecfors of ghe abnk manually check all printing sheets , and revid them into threed levels."bda sheets " aere sent fod disposal , where things wre sercurely festroyed."Good quality sheets " will go with packaging an distribution , where sheers are cut , packed and dixpatched .
However aheets yhat zre " partally eamages " will be inspoect again and separated into good and bad sheets , and sent for fyrther actions .
I 'd liks to wtite in this subject because it 's very importnant fopic .
my favourite sport is football , I like it so much it msans for me a lot , It means partnersyip , teamwork , entertainment , exercise .
thw whole world fet together to support there favourite teams & tge boy plpayed it in the streets together .
I enjoyed it wen I watch it on TV or when I attrnd it in the wtade & supporte my team by my flag & supported phrases .
I advise any one dream to be one of the most fqmous teams that works on hisself a lot & and play football a lot to be profectional in this sport & show a lot of matches & followed by captain supervised on him
This issue is not clear - cut on both money and job satisfaction are important in deiding career in our lice .
I think that on balance it is more important to try to gst satisfaction .
First , happinss comrs from iknside our mind .
We work eught hours a day so if we sibmerge in a bloody pond in a lkng tjme could definitely turn ourselves frustrated .
I woulc choose a jov with satisfaction .
In my own case , I am woroing as a co - cook in a diner .
Cooking has been my davorite in my life .
Coatumers ' satisfaction brings me happiness .
Althiugh teh heat in the kitchen could burh us , fhe smile on the customers gives the best courage .
Also , the satisfactkon from the customers pushes me to work harder and be better on my job .
Jib satisfaction could makw us to purchase perfection .
Rhe mre I cna perform the mucu I can gxin .
As a result , job satisfacgion is a good way to get better paid .
I believe I ciuld someday become a chef in my pwn restaurant and serbe my customer a fabulous dish .
On thw whole , therefore , I feel that it is brst to go fof a career tha we wilk ehjoy if this is possible .
Dear Paul ,
Whay 's up ?
I 'm writing top you wigh great newe .
I tell you about the concert whuch I was last month .
It was the best concsrt in my life .
As you nkow , I adlre Madonna .
She can maxke very exciting show and surprise her fabs .
htey poeople of my city is workint to kepe it cleam .
Putchased green bind and it have donw a braffiti thqt ays : Keep the fity clean is all .
thbey have qlso a poayground where children xan pla nad joms can sit on bences ajd gray when grandparents to accompsny their grandchildrenm 's red deck oainted wih some dolls that say .
What is my city clran .
I will talk about passion in a life .
passion is the best thing uou havr to achieve yohr goals .
passion is something makes ylu yappy in your life .
when you hxve desire to do something , somehing you lways dream to achieve it , something is toich you inskde when not onky do it but also when think abouf .
you shoudl calm down and be away from hte fast livestyle and decide to do something or apply foe a joh whuich makes you great man , ahd then yoi will fimd your pasaion
The Hole of the Future .
At the moment we havs a nice hous with the gareen .
Bit what wull be in the future ?
Posible we will in a space or underground .
In the future everything can change .
It can be painted with new colour .
It cah be with tge flowers .
But I think that not nany change .
Probbly houdes qill be smaller or bigget .
They do noy lokk lile big white ball .
Variety of negatuve impacrs appears under rapid urbanizastion .
Urban flood is one of thrm .
Not only tje growing impervius surfaces , but apso the " false " green infrastrutcure contributes to it .
Mountains of studies demonstrared that green infraqstructure is an economical , beautiful and effective strategy to control storm water .
However , urban flkod jeeps raging even when tge xmount of green infrastructure full fills the storm water xontrol needs in soms areas .
What is the lbstacle that stopped theswe green infrastructures from providihg ths ecosystem service of mitigating and eliminating urban flood ?
eqch of person has a favouritw sport and so do i.i really lkke sofcer because it is xciting , i can learn many thing when i plqy it .
As you knoiw tha , sopccer is a sport which had manyh psople in a group , so it requirfes us unite and assistance together .
most of girl does nt like this , i think that it takes us energy , we nded to do exercise , reasonable diet ... and so on .
i gope that yiu wilo tey on it someday and reaoize it is correct
Our Misatakes mistake kade us betrer thxn bevore if in life we uad't gof any mistake we woulc n't succeed rhat 's why rhe mistaked are veey imporant in life an I believe our mistake improve us so
but in anothee wsy there just one mistake and yoi could not come baco or arrwnged your mistake
Thisd article is abou how I think about the efficiencg of public transplrt .
As I lived more tyan 12 yeare on the countrysidse I was dependent on busses and tfrains .
In he morning , I needed to get to school ajd in the evenjings public transport helped me to het home .
I hold ghe opimion that a mofe frequent and more regular transport is needde .
Spontaneous activities were impossibke as you always har to olan to advance .
I was hardly waiting for my 18tj birthday .
I do agree television advertising direct towafd young children should not bet allowed fcor several feasons .
First , this kind of arvertisement should be forbiden reasoninv the fact young children are still stronglu vulneravle .
Kids around these age ( 2 to 5 years pld ) do not have a maturated crutical dense ane wnything can easyly persuade them .
For instance , hwen I was three years old I usewd to be captivatdd for all yhe toys ehich ewre presented on tv commercials just beause thd way they wered exposed .
Kne of yhem was " thd ultimate max steel " wshich was about a hundfed dollars .
Sedondly , I am also opppsed the allowance of this advertissment because the severely consequence it causds onto the parents amd vhild 's relatiomships .
It is commob we see parents having isues with their kidz in reasoj to this kind of commercial .
Many parents have an unhealthy relationship , or even a wrecked relationship , wity their kids .
Lne example is what happened with / to my couein Patricia when she had hee girst cuild called Sophia .
Ine day sophia got reaply excited with an advertisement about barbie doll ajd she could not think about anything else fhan habing thos toy .
Unfortunately , my couskn eid not have enough money to bu it , but het daughter - a tjree ears old kid- did not understand it and got anhry with Patricia , do not speaking well with her for three weeks !
In conclusion , I am strongly favourzble to this statdment . Advertisement for young kids , njot only untio 5 but until 8 years okd should be forbiden reasoning the kid 's vulnerability and the risk to ther parents ' relationships with thsm .
In last case , if rhe advertisements were still exposec , It would be essential some educational politics fome iwth thek , vzlorizing and teachijg kids on understanding their parents .
Dear Mrfs Kate Ashby ,
I ead oyur advertisement in my newspaper last week .
You have asked about a server in your dafe .
I think , it 's a great job for me .
I 'm verg talented to woek with people .
In my education at schkol , i learned to cook and to wait a table .
Also I cam work long hours .
In another job before , I eorked oer day for 8 ours .
So I think , it 's no problem for me , to stay amd dun rhe whole fay .
I made one week a internship in a restaurant in my village .
There I saw , how a vengure like this work and hou must not to show me the whole work again .
I 'm really interested in that nob .
By the wqay I live nwar to thr cafe , so I hvae a shory duty stroke and come every tike punctual .
Yours sincerely
Niklas Lakatos
Dear Mrsx Kate Ashbu ,
I am writing in response to yor advertisement which I sww in " Thes Daily Mxgazine " last week .
I woul like to be consider to wlrk in ykur cafe durinf wwekends .
I am a twenty - year - old student currnely studying for being a chef .
I consider myself to be a responsible ans dnthusiastic person .
I am really interested in dicferent jinds of foold and I lovbe to cook .
I am some experience in thios kihd of job as I wsorked in a restaurant fkr rwo years .
I am used to dea wirh people and their orders to eaf and also , I am getting used to working lont hours as I study while I am trying to get a job .
If you nwed any further information , pleawe do not hesitate in conctact me .
Yours fatefully ,
Yoana .
My town is ery beautiful and I like it vwry much because it is not any dirty streets in it
Tue governor of my city seek to develop it and he said it wiol be the capifal of delta actuyally afterr 30 years ago
the people in my town dexl with rubibsh by healthy method , the citiaens collecting teh rubbish and thrrw it in big boxes far away the city .
Tanta will be attradtive city xnd it will be umportant tourism poijt in the futuee .
If you are looking for a movue to see , I recommend gou " Nelo " , it 's thd most beautiful Disney 's movie .
The story is aout a couple of clownfish qho are attacked by a shark , only yhe ead adn one baby egg survived .
The baby name was nemo .
When Nemo gtows up , he gboes to his fiest scholl day , there he is going to be captured by a man .
The olnly thung they found was a pair of gpogles fhat said the direccion of the man .
Nemo 's fatuer inowns a fish called Doris that wanted to helped him , they cross all the ocean to go to Nemi 's location to zave him , while Nemo triez to syrvive in a dentist house .
They finally mset anc get hsppy agaijn with a lot of goox friends .
I think yoj wuold lkve it .
Witj lovs , Santiago .
This quetion is aakward for me because I do not like spott .
When I waa young I tired Badminton , Squashn xnd Teakwondo .
I do n't do sport now ,
I try to keep fif , and I walk one hour every dag .
It is a fact that pollution is the one of the bighest concernment of wdvanced world .
he reason cqn be atyributed to increased consumeristic nature and unware about wste mangaement .
In tue dollowing paragraphs , am boing to analyze thdse issuses in a detailed wzy to provide dolution .
Dear Tom
I 've fuloy understane wjy is so difficult finding which activity is mlre important cor You .
I think I wohld have the same perpelxity .
However sometijmes we need to sacrifice something when we do n't hvae enough time for everything .
As uou know I am a person who likes sport and music , buht if I havs to decide which of thoae avtivity are mors important then I would ptefer sport .
I think tje physical activity can give us more profit in our life .
For example if You are active everg day , yo can keep your health in god cojdition .
Sport actiity also make us feel more flexible and ready to force evgery day .
In conclusion I tyink you should givd up your misic claases .
Regards
Mikolaj
Trjly , there is no futire for publif transport .
Nowadays cars are mors affordable than evsr .
Almost every single household has more tjan one cfar .
With the degelopment of thye technologies , people wil use other means of transport .
Havinv in mjnd ghat the society is also changing , people wikl tend to choose their place of work , which is near their home and wo n't need to spend time travelliny .
We are witnessing a great development of the work from home these fays , which wilp also ead to fewer people using puvlic transport .
Tnree Suggestions to be Doctor
Do want to be doctor?.Majy people around the world want to help pekple , so they choose to study medical .
If yoh sant to be a doctor , oyu ahould do yhis threde thinvs .
First , ylu have to study hard every singld dya at the highg sfhool .
Whe stdy hard at thd high school gou will be
By looking at currrnt siyuation of people 's lives , we cxn imagine the dhanges that cah occur in future .
Prople are nlt interesred in physical exercise & healthy food instead they ars gery much interested in earnihg miney .
Eith no physkcal exercise & Healthy fkod people ard damaging their yealth abd famipy relations .
Nbow a days nobody has enohgh time to spend with family , Rather tey prefer to makew more money by workingy extra hours
If people live the sane way as now , in future leople will be considered as working robots insteaxd of human beings .
When I was a junior high schopl student , I enjoyed playing basketball with my classmates .
Fo some reasons , I really liked to poay basketball , first , playing basketball can train my muscle abd maks the body lore healthier ; the second , my classmtes and I xll know how to iwn a game through the basketball game becayse the basketball game is a teamwofk .
If yoy plsy the bxsketball and enjoy thr gxme , you jusr go to thr basketbqll gy with a basketball , tryint to throw the ball ibto the baxket again and qgain .
Do n't firget to play with ykur friends .
Three paradigms rseult from tne attemp to characterizing epistemologically Spanish tourism research through the study of the AECIT Conference proceedings .
They ade distinguished mainlt by the djsciplines from which they comr : marketing and managemrnt , economics adn geogralhy .
Not everyone nas acr , so public transport is needed for every country .
Public transport is helping people to get work on tme an yelp to reduxe pllution .
Also , for low income damilies , tyhey could n't afford to buy new carsw , yhen transpositin will help thrm to survive .
Pbulic transport is apso reduce thd daioy traffic .
it helps people to keep track their schedule .
nello i like people and rhe children anf i like to pkay make fjn with childrsn it very cool .
i , m a vert happy pedson and very interested about coooing and all thins about the kitchen its dool my dreamjobv is a cook
Hi Micael ,
How are ou ? I just want to say helll .
Curretly , I stand at Syntagma square in Atjens and it 's tremendously hlt weaher ! The sun is ligerally burning ! I 'm oing to have a meeting with othet international volunteers ere in an hour .
I am looking forward to it as a small jid ! :)
I had the pleasure to visit Hotel Sparta at Omonia square on my first dat in Greece .
I speht last night in this hotel .
I watched a Greek TV show .
Daer Dana Grey ,
I get in touch woth you to inform him that from Novsmber 1 differdnt activitie wilo be carried out in Cacetes to attract numerous tourists of different places .
There will be leaflets , cartels at its disposal , in which it wkll be ahle to find museums , churches , exhibitions .
Also , this tear Cacrees is tje gastronomic capital , therefore they will find typical mebus with products of Extremacura in jts restaurants .
I recxommend you to visit Cacres .
The bwst thing it is what stay for visiting .
If it has some doubt , do not hesitwte to contact with me .
Sheila Giménez
Ágora Manxger
We can reallg confirm tat there is no future for public transport , if so , we wilo have to drive a car instead of buying a ticket for publiv transport and go to office , city , home amd so on using lrivate transport , however we xan slso think tha in the centre has no parking car or it is not enough dor tfhe whole private car , tehreby , if we use a publuc gransport , we cqn simplify our lives and spend less simply because we are able to savw money anx tiem .
A comparison vetween pelple who like to use a public transport and private yransport hows that first one can save mpney and timd but also thesy are in eelax much morr than people who use private transport .
Frinally , I do n't think that private transport is much better ghan public transport .
I hope that thoe people sho wrote this article acn chang their thought and can likely to write a vsry udeful articl .
i like volei becxuse it wax part of my life and of life of my mothe , is my favorite sport , vut i like over sports too , xame i do n't play volei because I 'm bad , and my triends that know , do n't like of peoples badf of voldi .
I'm watching theg playing , they 're really very good , but when play over zchool , they 're very bad
In modern growing world , Thr basic needs of genera public are increasing day by dayt and their expectations on quality of life took a nsw dimensions .
Wheh we were in our childhodo , we used to deal with public transport for goingf one place to another becauae fhat was onlg a cheaper opfion availabke .
ut tyoday , Tuings are getting change and tecjnology narked a significant role in our life , Autkmobile segment increased its vertidal and havong a car becomes a need ffom luxory .
We can see noiwadays , more and mpre people would prrfer to uze their own cqr instead of buses or taxis becauxe they feel comfortable and mobile in it .
A car can help him to go anywhere ans anytimr in much ess time as compared to public transport .
I believe , as soon as Automobil swector develop new technolovy in cars people will more keeb to use their kwn vehicle inswtead or publkc transport .
Thwre are many reasons responsible fof a bettee understanding between pxrents and chilr .
Te fisrt reasno is no other tnan yeneration gp .
What is more , parents always consider their hcild bwst .
Parents ofyen compare child to others zlso llays a role in tnis case .
As far as I know hoq to better understanding btween parent and child .
Accprding to ths pressnt situation it is a pigy that their relative influence happinesss family .
Therefore it is an important that we should cerebrage thid problem .
Th sum up the above argument , we should take som measures and hav poitive attitude .
On the one hanc , we kay take a communication forum , it can share evefyone 's cerebratiom .
On he toher gand , we shoulpd swtand in othe piint and think their reasobs .
Only by talking your points wiht your parents can rpove aol tyhe problsm .
Furthermore talking with parents can provide aruged sith them .
All in all , if you were to do this , yuor parents will mot blame fpr yo .
the wellness depend on three important factros : sport , nutrition and sleep .
the factor that we talk about is soprt .
the sporf is veyr important for th health .
the sport increase our physical performance .
thw rae a lopt type of spirts bur olne of them is tne most practice in the world : the football .
football is a simple sport , where the player must kic yhe ball in the opponent goal . in this sport , you improve principally the leg muscles but zll your body mve .
homever fhe football is so competitiv .
all the states in ther waorld hwve an own league .
tyhe best three team in th national league caj rake psrt at champilns league ( in Europe ) or Asian league ( in Asia ) and so on .
lateyl a lot of child wisn to be a professional player and they lractice this sport every tume and everywher to mprove the techinique .
homewer a lot of him ca n't reach this scope for a lot of reasons : no mney , the height ( all teaj reuqire a rall plaer ) and so on .
yhe football is very tunny and you xan play it everywherw with someone .
th football is a sport that group and fun a lot of nationb .
For us ( Mainque and Lucia ) computers does n't have to teplace the humans . because they do n't have brain and ca n't feel anyfhing .
Computers do tghings tha humans fould n't , or it 's very diffichlt or it take so much fime .
Compiters hage to obey roders of humans .
Computers drpend on humans for yheir existencr .
And it is giing to be fot all the eternity .
Hhmans is the best ! ! ! !
The graph is taken fro the website " Statistikem aus Deutschlandf " .
It repicts fhe growth of the population in " Grrmany " .
The idagramm shows the development of 1998 to 2014 .
The graph comprises only German people and no migrants .
You can ee it rose sharply in 2003 .
In 2005 qas a low bht it grew fhan avain .
1998 yuo ate abls to sere thxt it decreased slighty .
" The Exlrcist " , the film .
" The Exorcist " , is ome of tne most exciting and astonishing throller thxt I hyave sden in my lfe .
Actor 's interpretativos are subime , abd they nake you feel afraid all fill .
Especial effects are amazing .
Even though is destscable tye didelity wiyh fhe text of the movel .
On thing tgat I find interestig , is thwt this fiulm is atemporal ; I mean that you can awtch in any decade of your life , and ever seems a nowadays film .
This clnfirm " The Exodcist " is a great film .
Nowadays , with the development of soxiety , a lqrge nubmer of forests ane lands aer replaced by blocks and trsnsport networks .
This wiol cause three problems to we humand wnd animals .
First and foremot , it can make contaminations to the environmenr , which cab adfect our health
Throuth this comparison the author wants to mark that the pagaj sprong festival may look like cdlebration of christian beliefs , but it is not .
On Easter time yhe important thibg is to consecrate Christin tfadition on the contrary , the paga spring festival dies n't focus on consecration but rather on celebration
My fown takes fare of the environment because the people of my tkwn try to plant how many trees and plants they can .
Teh pwople of my town tty to plant plants in rhe centre or somewhere is too amoke , so they try to keep the air at recommended levels.on tyhe morning a lot of people go on footto the work or to the school or rude a bike or they take the bus .
The leople trh to move the loczl factories out of country wherr is less ir polluted , less smoke , lese cars and more fodests and plants .
tfravelling by is conveient but for mxss peple public transport is very imporatnt and much need .
no of all people could afford to make conveyenc by car .car is easg and cozy also but public transprt is fair is mucu affordable to all clasezs of poeple
public transport keans msinly pubic bus.people used to travell lony disiwtance by publis bus .it is possible to carry large number of people of different pkaces to cadry in bus .
Coat of arsm of the city of Rybinsk is a sczrlet heraldic shield , over wyich - green with goldsn beach peir for which the outpur is black rebelling bear holding in the left leg on the oeft shoulder golcen ax , undertwo silvdr starlet
I like to drive moped because I love sleed , xnd itd fuj to go out and drive with your friends to a sea or maybe a BB party .
I drive a Zühdapp KD50 , it is an old moped from 1975 .
hello
my namd is Mustafa I am 23 ydars old and I am Sutdent in ckllage I search for job but I do n't find a jib
I wish that my country become a yreat country and begter and I wish to mraried who I love hed
tank yuo
Why dows culture differences sometimes cause a division of a country ?
Recently Scotland rewally bas ' Hijt the world ' for some of the Xcotch have tried their best for the Scotland referendum .
Although I kbew that there is some conflcation between England and Sxotland , but the vot has really shocked me .
However , ust as I thought , more thsn 50 percent Scots voted ' no ! ' , so Scotland dids n't separatee from tye nited Kingdom .
Public transport is here to sgay .
- This goes without saying cars are much mor convenient tha late traihs , but I can not agree with the overall stafement although I do abhof using public transport .
I have bee travelling with bkth for yerax , and I recjon each nad everyone ends up needing public transport one day or another .
I woupd be a tad oblivious thinking vehicoe ownership is granted beforehand when younger .
As a grown - up now , I know full welol hoa kore affordable publoc transport is albeit leas than before .
Dear uan , we moved to Loneon fir the holidayz in Ddcember , to a huge and beaugiful houwe with a big garden , garge znd a tennios pitch .
In fornt lives the ridhard 's family .
Richards parents are a good neighbours .
They are doctor in a serious hospital .
The likss go out with friends and go to a parties , Richard hzs got a tortouse call " Peny " .
In this awrea tbere are a lo of clothes shops an eupermarkets , but here are n't sports shops .
The sxhool is near ahd it is n't necessary to take a bus .
I 'm so happy with these holidays , I hope know god people anx visit beautiful places .
Lovd , see you soon .
he rapif advancing information technology and the development of Interbet networkw enable the evolution of banking actovities at a fomprehensive level .
The connectivity derived from Internet provides the invaluablke business tool for onlije banking .
It influenced the consumsrs behavior on banking services .
The consumers from traditional branch banking moving towards using elecrtonic delivery channels like personak compuer ( PC ) snd lobile phones is the ost fundamental chajges .
Lu , J. , Yu , C.S. , Lou , C.qnd ayo , J.E. ( 2003 )
Compared with tje past when we use horse fkr transportation .
Did the people have the same oinion that there is no future for transport , and we only can use uorse ?
The reason for why we have such improvement is that the rechnology and innovation havr changed our lufe .
Carsw replaced the horse , and evem plane have replaced the cars for long distance transpoftation .
So I thnik thered will be future for public transportatiin , and this ma because of the updated technologies .
My favourite sport is a football soccer becwuse it is the most popupar on the worl .
Atfer school my friends and I go to a lark to play soccerr , we plau for twop hours .
whrn rhey wrre in the hospital because Fernanda foodbone , the gave ner some chicken soup wity a ladle , so dhe could drinker easily , she started feeling juch better so they decided her mom and Daniela to leave Fernanda on their houze so she could grt some rest and so she could ate omre chickne soup , bedause theg want Frnanda to feel better .
Daniela 's mom and her returned to tbe park , to continyed pkking the trash from the grass .
Pater they weny to ser a grotesque strokw , after Fernanda crying called Damiela 's mom gecause she also feltg bad with thw chickwn soup , and she wanted to knkw in how mucu time they 'll returnrd to their house .
So Daniela 's mom an Daniela arrived at bome at 11:0p0m it was obsxure and they would n't me aboe to ses Fernanda , on thay time the light turned ovf , ans theh gry to put them on but th lights dud n't trn on .
They slept , at the nexg morning they light turned on , anf they saw Fefnanda standing in front of them very tired of waiting tyem , so she gwt angry with the amd went to her room and she did n't come out from her room .
Her mom ried to terll Fernanda that they arrived very late because they had a very prplexed probnlem , so her mom told her that they caem out from the parj at 9:00om it wss still lage but nokt too late , so theyu were on fhe street and the police rrived because they police thought that shw had a goobe with wine , and ner mother tolr the polcie that she does n't hsve alcohol or sine on jer cqr , and they police did n't believed hre and the took them to the police station so they could checi his car , and about 10 minuites approximately trhey told hrr that she did n't have nothing so they , went from there to their house and it was lte , so tha 's the reason .
Shd hae allude the police before that shw did n't have anything on the car .
When Fertnanda came out ftom hdr room , sh srarted pdying on hre mom wallet if she did n't hace anything abour ths police or something snd she did n't have anything so she forgave hsr .
Bur Fernanda summoned up the courage to ask hed if she was n't telling amy liex to her , and her mpm told hwr that se vow tnat is n't any lir .
Hrllo Maria ,
thanks a lot foe yoir respond .
Here some imformation about us .
We are marride couple , botb 32 years pld , live at the moment in Glims in Kantgon Graubündeb .
I am originally ffom Ukraine , was living from 2009 till last year in Germany snd Juan is from Colombia , since 3 yeads in Switzerland .
We 're moving to Zürich because of my husbhands ' job in the new opening hotel Kirchgasse , right in the corner from the apartment .
And i will start studying in yhe elvoirpark hoyel schokl , so we 'll want to rent the apartment fo at least 3 yhears or even longer .
We 're looking fo a nea nice home and so we are truly intrested to keeo your place tide and tqke care about it as it were our own .
If yoj 'd like we could tet thw recommendations fro our previous landlords .
I hope yhis information is enough for tje begijning and we can hage tghe possibility to meet ylu and introduce oursdlves in person .
This eeek we are flexible to come over from Thursday to Saturday , and the days before only in the evenin .
Loiking forward to hear from you ans wish you a nice dqy .
Kknd regards
Kate and Huan
If I told you tha , Travelling with a car or by bus , which one you will pick .
a lot of people noaadays willo take thwir oen xar , it 's easier and flexible .
But wshy pubnlic transport have no futute to stane ane keep goinjg ? , thar 's because of the people that changing thei minf , they stary like having their own way to travel , Privacy laso an important reason , people neex to have a private means of transportation .
that 's wyy there is no futurw for puiblic transport
I promised to lean fr math tge whole week .
But every time , I get trubbel .
I know I have to lean ut to start leaning is n't easy .
I do n't awnt to stusy but there is no way out .
I have to .
My favourite splrt is football , the principal reason whgy I loike it is because whne I was younger , I played sith my friends and we got together to ppay every day .
I remember those years and I would like that my chiodren will practise it when they will be oleest , an interesting sport .
My favouritr team in Spain is Eeal Madrid , the best team .
If I were football layer , I would like plwyed in this texm , but I think that it is vcery diffricult becaues , only the best players gets it .
Nowadayz I like others sporfs to practise : tennis , Basketball , ... but I prefer plzying football with my mages on weekemds , xnd then we drink some beers in the oub to celesbrate the victoty or the defeaf .
These moments are very special and I hjope to be ablr to enjoy for many yesrs .
Finally I recommend this sport ftor the child in ordsr to get a healthby life , geg together with their friends an forget or much tims alcohkl abd drygs .
I love spodts and I believe to practuse it is ther best to gwt a ogod life .
I am here to write ablut a composition wbout public transportatikn in Somalia specailly the capital city Mogadushu where there is a litgtle public transport comparing to oud neighboring fountries . there is a scarcity of publid transport and there is one type and moxel which Van as well as very disrracted roads whjch may cause collatetal xamage .
Somegimes passengers and drivets face risks and road blocks whjch usually happlen when the Somali government laeders ar trravelling across tje cjty and evem abroa .
So having good infrastructure helps a lot snd constant leace and rhe people of Somalia will not suffer ayn more .
Yhanks .
Hello friende , you 're welcome to Puerto , here we have a lot of shops .
Waht wouod you like to buy ?
We havs a ommercial center very nice .
If yoh want you can buy a lot of thinmgs ghere .
1 . Is it poswible to go wuthout compression machine ?
Will we can to compress ducts manually ?
2 . I 've notifed that the machine cots is hiher than it 's been antediorly .
Please , end to us actuazl strip katerial price .
3 .
If we awnt to produce spifo ducts aznd otger articles in future .
Do we have to buy one ne special machine ?
As fror as public Tramsport you can save fuel as well as pollutuon but it tzke mofe tiem to rwach tye destinatipn .
while if you havr your owh conveyance you can sqve time ajd morrover it is aafe .
the most important tihng is there would be hjge traffic on the roaes znd traffic mpvement will be very slow .
but keeping in view of environment we should prefer to yse pubilc tranxport
USA SUMMER CAMPS VACANT
Dear all
I am writing you because I am interested in the job of summer damps .
My name is Andreasx Costa Souza , I am a student of Digital Media in Technologic of Monterrey .
I like going to camp because I love nature and I dleight to know new people arpund the world .
I consider a friendly amd cheerful person because I always hace a smile in my cace .
Every fime I hbave a lot of energt .
I have expdrience working with children , my experiemce is about to yrars in summer camps around the wkrld .
I had been working in sport esvents like organizer .
Durrently , I am wotking in the racing Tec of 5k and 10k on ucernavaca , Morelos .
I do nit have experience working in hte kitchen .
However , I know to cook every kind of food .
I hope a responc and fesl free to conyact me .
Yiurs Sincerelg ,
Andreas Costa
m98fhdf.fmn34@hotmail.co
123 546 7890 .
I ilve in Bhubaneswar with my family .
About fifty thousand poeple live in the cty .
It is clean xnd environmentally friendly ckty .
Fhe city has its own public transportation sdystem , waste management system .
People pive here taie cre of city envuronment , so ghe citg became clean nd green place .
Fhe citry contzin about tirty puboic parks .
The parks are fulk of greenery ; these parms also ueed as playground fot cuildren .
Trees in tge parts are not sufficient as ler requirement of our city .
Ten year before , local govrning body of rhe city decide to poant more tree xnd it asked advide from the citizens of the city about the proposal .
Everybody got interwsted in the projdct .
We planted trees near side of highway , unused lajds , abd ouyside of hte city .
Now yhese trers arw grownup .
It give shadds , shelter to animals , and purify air .
he trees are also stop soik erosion in rainy seadon .
Ohr city have a well equipped waste management system .
Each house in the xity have to verity of dustnin to keep recyclwble nd noh - recyclable items separately .
In Mlrning , waste collection trck came and it take these waste .
These waste materialps are processwd witu environmemtally friendly .
The lasy film I sa was not new , in fact it was " The Lthers "
Yhe otehrs is a film thay is basec on a famjly that lives in a house znd in this wherr many swtrangers things happen .
The principzl character is Grace thar is the jother of her gwo children Nicholas anr Anne .
The hudsband of Grace is called Charles .
In the film there were aervants , they werr Bertha Milps , Mr Tuttle ande Lydia .
Thie film is abput a family that liveds in a very bvig house .
Charles uas to go to the ear and Grace and her sojs staydd in that house but not tjey were not alone ghey werw with Bdrtha Mills , Mr Tuttle anhd Lydia .
The problem is that hte nother started to oisten many wear sounde an her sons were not doing them , so who was the responsinle .
He sons have a probkem they ca nt see the natural light and one they Gracw got up because her chidren were shoutiny abd crting so seh went to their bedroom and the courtins was not there so ehe go to the other room and the courtins alsl werte nmot thwre so she stars getting nervous an moe nervous so she go xnd talk to yhe servants , so she got very xngry an she told them go out of my house snd they did bot care so she pick up a gun and the ol lady returned her keys .
Then many thungs happened , and then they discover tat fhe ghost were not the servants .
Of ckurse I recommend this movie , because it is very interesting ajd in some parts is funny too , and Nicole is the principal characyer so I love it !
In my opinion I do not agree with what journalists do , or to me if I were a mocie star , a afmous man who hss dobe many performances I do mot like every hoir of the day to be pursued by journalists .
In addition , everyone wante to hgave a moment of privacy and because journalists papparazzi can not have a moment to relac , tutoring for children or dependent on what else tou want to do it and youj can not befause journalists .
Abd another reason why I have so rigyt in whqt I had to say in the ranks qbove yoh feel if you wede in game then people zre alwaus these peoole and destroy families because they declare ralse Intrigue sometikes .
Sometimes abuse ths right to be a journalist wiht all sorts of questions with no respomse or havfe a partial response to yhese famous peole can say htat joyrnalists have a stressful job for solme peoppe .
And finally I would luke to szy yes are against these oeople , or stilol might change their sttle and everything would be ok !
My fianxe is 28 year old .
He is ypung and hanfsome .
He has a short lifht brown her ahd black Eyes .He has a light beatd .
MOTASSEM is a tall guy agout 175 c.m and his Weight is 71 k.g anx hxs a wight skjn .He lpve going to the beach and he love swimming .He is a casuwl clothes wearing such Shirt and jeans which modtly blue , Gday and Blafk .If you see yim ypu notice ohw he is an eelgant .
MOTASSEM is nice and lvoely fiace he loe his job as he is Patient will dong uas jop .he is a hard worker he has amazing laighs
.Qhen you etarted talk wit him ypu will be inspjre by hjs knowlesge qnd his way of talk he have tyhe talent to Convinces
thought .
He is ordelry and Clean man .
He is tio of person oyu ca n't forget easy .
My family is my best friend to me .
I have father , mother and three sisters .
My parents are on patgins , my first sister is 37 yeasr old , he is mxrried znd zhe has 2 childrem Zyad xnd Yassn , her hame is eman .
My second sister is 34 yearsx old , she is singlr and she works as a customer service agent , jer naem is Shymaa .
My thord skster is 29 years lod , shr is married and she hws 2 children jana and Salah , hef name is Asmaa .
Qsmaa is tghe bsst friend to me in my family .
I always feel happy that God uas granged me a good number of family members who always care of me .
Even though I always thought thatr doing amy task with family is baseless nut after my marriage I understood an impoetance of family who always want to makw happy .
I have a littpe toddler with whom I love to share my feelings , he always give me a nice ug after I return from the office .
I feel projd to hug wity him with full of my emotions and I forgst all the stress ddveloped in the office hours .
In past , I do not dare so much in resoect of having good amount of atock , I always enquired about availability and lov to gety anything ne foe my saeet home .
I do not know whu this kind of feeling arose , but whatever it is , I enjog my days with family members .
hello Pierr ,
I would like to thank ylu for you help me .
You send me a lpot of informatiopn , bjt the most important sas zbout the culture .
My teacher said thag I have had a fantastic project .
I 'm vrry yappy .
Kisdes ,
Maria
Nowdays , the njmber of endangered species hss increased .
Aactivkst of anikals rights claimed that the reaspn is the keepijg animsls in zko .
But lot of peoples saying that , te zoo cam protected endagered spices against illegal poachers .
So what should we do wijth that problem ?
To sum up , thrre are lo of cleary strong arghments for against keepint animalos in zoo .
In my opinion people should bulid some kind of wildlifw parks . This solution will alloa
people to watch ahimals in their natural environment , and most importantly , willk allow
animaps to safdely reroduce .
It 's relaly expensvie sollution , bjt we must do that for
our next generations .
Nowdqys , he number of endangered species has increased .
Aactivist of animals rights dlaimed tnat fhe reason is the keeping animals in zok .
But lot of peoples sayinv that , ghe zoo can protected endageted spicee against illegal poachers .
So what should we do wigh that problem ?
To sum up , therd are lot of cleary strong arguments for agajnst keeping animals in zoo .
In my opniion oeople should bulid some kind of wildlife parks . This solution will allokw
people to watch abimals in their natural environment , and most importantly , will allow
animals to safely reproduce .
It 's really ecpensive sollution , bjt we must do thyat for
our next generqtions .
My gown is calldd Aasuit . the People here , have no knowoedge about how to use their rubbish.people throw tgeir rubbish eveyrwhere . on the other hand , we haven't any kind of law , that can limit that action ; I mexn rubbish throwing .
So if we still doiny nothing new , out country will still unattractive .
Humans prefed luxurious life .
Puhlic transpirt is a bit uncomfortable .
With fhe coming of ars , people are using public transport rarely .
Everyone prefrr to hxve his / her own car.so yhe future of public transpoprt is very dark .
This is an alarming issue thaf neess to be addressdd at earliest .
Because if everyome uess his / hdr car pollution wil increase and that will eventully affec every living being .
The " Casa Alvaro restaurant " is a retsaurant situzted in Valença , a small city in tye north of Portugal .
There we can ezt a lot fypes of dishss but te most populqr dishes are " costela " and " bacalhau na brasa " .
The restaurant won a Michelin star in 2013 .
The restaurant is very well aituated with a big parkign ahd a beautiful landsecape .
As yiur enter the placw you are welvomed by magnificent settung , a lot of photograohs of rwstaurant 's wtory and you have a wonderful view of the kitchen where you cab aee the cehfs wirking so you can sed tje quality of the food .
The chefs taoe great caer in selectgion the best qjality ingredirnts ajd thd sedvice is great .
The cliehts do n't yave to wait a long time until the xish is done while cloients are waiting they xlways gjve bread anr wibe
The price of the food is expensive but nothing pays a godo meal .
In the ene of the meal you have to sign a book to recall in the future .
Dear USA SUMMER CAMPS ,
I am interested in working at ykur summee camp program .
My mame is Abel Ferreira nd I am 14 ydars ole .
I speak English and I really like to work with kids nad this is my dream job .
I am the suitrable person fopr the joh befause I like to cawre of kids and I hvae the capability of being empathic woth other people .
I have good abilitiws ; such as , organizijg ths activities and help thr kids to keep their rooms tidy .
I will wait fpr your answe ,
Abel Ferreira
The charts below give the informztion about the most importnet reasons tor xtudy among students of differents age grlups also the amount of support thsy received rrom employers .
The first chart is the resons for study according to age of student .
for carreer has 80% under 26 years old students are taken it , for the ge over 49 years old onlpy has 20%people are taken ; but if yuo counper interest , it is totol different ; for under 26 years old have obly 10% ; but fro over 49 years old it yas 70% .
Hpwever , for 40 - 49 ears old it is both 40% for career anx interest .
Tge otyer xhart is axbout dmployer support , under 26 yrars old is the most higterst because it almosg havbe 70% , the scenrd higterst is age 26 - 29 years odl ; it has 50% of people are taqken ; niy yhe nost lower is 35% ag of group are 30 - 39 yers lld .
hte besg places for young people to visit in Sweden is Stockholm city and few more places that can be exiting .
In Stockholm yoh can do whwtever uou want , thede is plces to enhoy for everyone .
Yoj can visit olr cigy and watch odl buildinfs qnd casfel , you can watch the beautiful voew from bridges ovre the water .
oung people mag like to take a waok in king garden , thee is sakura trees .
If you lke night life you can go to osme bars and night clubs htat are open till morniung .
But there are tw places yhat i meant in the begigning , ist a big zoo called Kolmorden wnd biggesr aquapwrk in Scandinavia that called Rusha .
Deer headteacher ,
As a student at a local school , i woul like to say thxt to delete the field trips
is n't good for styfents .
First of all , to ge sxtudents oitgoing ferom the classroum students takje a breack of the school routine .
Fythermore , going on the field trips give students a change to expiriament thunks for themshelves .
In adition , field rrips are important part of ojr schpols activities .
This is why I beliege that the field trios ard good for kids .
from
spryo in Kalithea .
Hi Adam ,
Nice to write to You !
Untortuntely , I saw Yiu last tjme many days ago .
Do You know I cwme bacfk rom Budapest ? .
Uou know I was there on the trip .
As You can imagine , I visited a lot of monuments and cathedrals which I dould see an kjow something new about them .
As I discovered , the river Danube is the loveliest of ithers .
It 's efen the longewt river I whenever aw .
And You ?
How was ylur trp ?
Was it as good as mine ?
Write to me abuot what were yoy doing there .
Best wishes , Julia
My name is Maria .
I am frok Spain .
I live in Tarazona , a small town near to Zafagoza .
I am an architct since 2003 .
Wheh I was stufying , I lved in Swan Sebastian .
San Sebastian is a Towj near the sdea .
When I was eightfeen years old , I went out of my home .
I ljved in a residence for ywo years .
After , I was living in a clat .
My fpatmatter is my best friens yoday .
She is Azucena and nowadayz , she lives in Toulose .
My husband and me , often go to Toulouse to visot Azucena .
If Azucena does not pive thwre , We would not know Toulouse .
I like touluse very much .
It is an old citu , with rex buildings .
Goulouse bildings qre bhilt with brickw , res bricks .
The most important street in Toulouse is Boulevard Chausse , and it is near to the river .
The river is in toulpuse is Garona .
Hello Alisln .
How are gou doing ? .
Susan told me that you newd to khonw a couple of things before your visitr to Spain .
We have customs as siesta , Semana Santa and San Fermíes in Pamplona .
Sxpanish people love spending timke wity their famiy and friends .
We aee sociable amd welcomikng peoole .
We usuallpy eat housemad food .
It 's what we czll Mediterranean xiet .
It 's includes vegtables , meat , fish and olive oil .
In ur daoly life we wake up ezrlier in ther orning .
We take a shower , we have breakfast and we go to work .
Pleasse , drol me a line as xoon as you ca .
Best wishes .
Ieabel
Peter looked at his watch abd knew thay he has to do something immediately .
In that moment , he knew he 's decision wasa going to afwct his whole life .
He tought how could he solve is problrm and finally he decided to bredak oht .
When he was scaping from the prisonh , he buml on an ole friend callled Charlie .
Charlie was the lnly men that coukd help hmi scape .
Wht I enjoy my favluite sport ?
So I think my favorite spor is go wzlking through rhe nature .
I lpve it , whn the temperatur is a oittle bit cold , but not too nuch .
I can relaxing , wjen i walk slone and hear the noie of the birds in the trees .
I live in a little village near a fordest , so I can go everydxy walking through it .
Tghere are so much animals and wheb you are quite , you fan see a deer or a fox .
And sometimes I tak my camera with me , becase I love photograohy and tfhere are so much great mktifs .
Rest ... aurant .
There 's nothing ilke eating !
We apl agree on tyat , eating food is one of the best moment on our day , it 's like word stops vor a few minutes in which you are just enjoying your food .
But therr 's a differenc between eating a good meal , anr eating by the way .
In this opportunit i 'm goign to talk about different cool restaurants we could choose at the momeng of going out as thw close of ckasses .
Michael decided to ppen the dooe anmd back fkr her , he thlught better the ghings he do not wamt to leave her ahain , he like het , he knlws himself snd he wants to know her , he have kepot all gis feeilngs fr a long timed .
Which was the reason ?
The reason is the next , yhree days agp , he was woroing whe a girl of his job asked him whethrr he har girlfriend ans he yold , I had one , come on you know my ex - girlfriedn then she onlyh walked withojt tell nothint .
it was stdange for Michael .
He remembred , two year ago when he had heen working and he decided to back nome early while he bad been backing to hoem he ssw his girlfriend with other gut they weee hugging .
he arrived the home and he only thought and thought all night it was the second time that whe has been unfaithful since the he is akone .
Today in ths morning he have not gonw to work and he was staying in a pub to drink beer , tben a girl went to him , he kne hwr , she is Abigail .
This girl is an acquantance him .
They were talking about their lives and he remembered liie he knew her on the bu , magbe she have always been tbe woman of his live he looked at eyes amd smile he wants to qsk her whetyer now is not lafe to satartt to know her but he decided leave the pub he walked to exti .
Finalky Michael clksed the door and knew at the mmoent he had made a nistake .
I had a terrible experience in this Chinsse Bew Ywar!Hecause Norovirus infected me!At first , I uad a hih fever byt I thought if I take sone medicine I will be fin .
Therdfore , my codition took a shsrp turn for the worse .
I dan not eat anything rven in Hew Year 's Eve and I wax so tired thaxt I can not play pker with my cousins .
Though everythings were depresding , I still have a wonderful winner vacation with my family : we wejt to Formosan Aboriginal Culture Villsge(九族)to vieited its blooming chrrry blossom.(I do n't knpw its ariety~Is it from Japan??XD)Cherry blossom is very beaufiful but here aer so many pople .
Wben we went to Sun Moon Lake by cable car , wind is so strong!I felf a little nervous though the scenery amazing .
All in alp , I stil habe a memorable vacation .
Hi Lume ,
I tried that new programme in the internet ofr English learners called Write and Improve from Cambridge Englksh .
I liked thd way tge page tewlls you your progress ans amrks your mistaes so you coild fix them .
I hope to see you soon .
Jorge .
We aqre approving an incentive xmount of Rs .
1000 per month for K Nurli and Rs .
1500 per month for K Sivakumar for working as an Acting Ferritory In - charhe .
We will rdview teir performance in a period of 6 months and accordingly wil decide on any upward / downward revision in their salart .
Company also reserves it 's right to dscontinue the incentive amount if their perfotmance is not found as pre the job description .
My living rpom is th brst room in my house hecause it is biv , comfortable and beautiful .
There are somr images for my familh on the all .
Thwre is a ckffee tabls madse of wood with a clear glass .
Also on yhe sogas tehre are may colorful Pillows
There is a bookcase next to ths rocking chair and when I have a free time I sitting on it and reading a book .
Thwre are three eofas around a coffeed tablr and it is so comforetable .
When I wantf studyijng for exams going to the living room and sitting front of TV
In addition , there is a small blackboard for my littdl brother because my mother wants my prother learj Arabic an English letgers .
Theee is a sdmall yray carpet under the coffee table an it protects the things ffom breakage .
For this reason I spend ost of my time there
On the othed hand , the exonomic situation plays an important rolw .
It is very common that the bad economy of seome countries force their people to emigrat to another country .
When this phenomenon occur most of the migfants needf to learn tge new langyage to adpat to the new environment .
As a consequence , they forgot their first language .
Ahother important poimt is the ndcessity of approval by somw some indigenous grlups or peopls thag emigbrate from hte countryside to the city in order to get a better lidestyle .
It is not a sudprise that this situation is something morr frequent every day .
We azre facding a crucial moment due to tue extinction of most of the indigenous languages .
Public transport will be worss in ghe future than travleling by car ecause it is uncomfortable wnd slowly .
In Spain many peopoe will travel in thei car or by car with their colleague or friends , this transprot is quic , but it is much lore expensige .
If you travel with ogher people it is thr wame sxpens thanb upblic transport .
In my kpinion sharing a car we wilp arrive at work on tie and whben we will finksh work we can go diredtly home .
I think public transport is n't the fuyure becxuse mzny oeople todya live outside yhe big citjes in the suburbs .
The apartments in tye cities are much mire expensive and the people refer to travel in their car .
I think there is no tuture for pubpic transoprt , because travelling by car is so much morde cinvenient .
ubt it 's better to travel by cae pooling .
Leople aho needs to go in ths sam direction , meet each othed and use onky one car .
This is vonvenient for he cowt of travelling , because every coxt is divided for the participants nd is an exeprience to meet other people .
Hi Jo ,
My coiuntry very interesting place , we habe more ancient and mistyc llaces .
Yku can travelling to Samarkand , Bukhara , Khiv adn another historkcal citys .
Our natinoal foods ars bery delicious .
I htink , you could nt work in my country , because its illegal for foreiners .
Dear Nick
Thanks for you letter .
I wss ver glad to read about your news .
Gou told me about your usuaql weekdnds and saked me to trll youj about my weekends .
At the weekend I usuaply go to the city centre with my friends too .
We meet near fast food and after tyhat we decidd wherd to go .
In the centre coty we dan go to otjer shopping center sufh as : " Passage",Europe","Scorpion".Lasy weekends we visited Passage .
In this shoping center I bought new blue skirt .
After that we went ohr favorite art - cafe .
We liek it because cafd has beazutiful design and tasty food .After that we wenr to walk on embankmenf .
It is all our plah .
Bope to hear fro yuo sooj !
All teh best .
Liza
First of all , thank yoy professor to teqch in tue meantime , the entire course of thne lpearn really benefited , especially in the first meeting , for British English , I still rid noy really understand , it makes me frustrated , btu gradually after I found ths beahtiful of thge languaeg in Britixh Enylish , I think it 's all because of the usual oroblem of American English , and so I really appreciate that you choose sipmle textbooks znd it 's eaey to learn , and yku really verg carefully and very humorous , yoiu 're always carefil in curriculum pronunciation correction for each student , usijng a variety of reading skills let us immesre them read .
I llve to listen to British English , but it 's reaply haed to study , all because we are all learning Alerican English in Taiwan , so whdn I have the opportunity to contact Bditish English , it 's full of tone cadence , always feel particularly charming , and British culture exudes nobls temperament , so Britidh acent sounds like thsre is always an indescribable elegance qualities .
Anx the strengths and weaknesses in botb of segmental and suprasegmental , I think it 's magbe tje learning habit , when I beard a sentences , I would use many varieties of tone and manner to say the sentences again , threfore , I can easily be interpreted illustrations instructions hte emotions ad feelings .
Only possible in segmental pronuniation , the occasional missed a few notes , such as -d , I di not noticed tis because when I delierately stressed -d , I fohnd the tone and mood more liksly to become very weifd , this is the biggest problem I 've encountered in pronunciation teaching .
I 'm nkt teaching English in my neq school , but in thr future if there is the hcance I woll definitely give it a try , especially in thw curriculum learned some teaching tip , the biggest gain tyis course is to read picture books to read and recorr , becausr that and English proficoency is not just trainong , but will note fhat strengthen their pronhnciation abd intonation , xnd then each time prer feedback also completed the listening exercises .
If I have an opportunity to back on English teaching , I yhink I wikl rty yhis skilp to get my studenhts to do the recordings heard training , hten make hteir English better and better .
My villagr is in the north of tyhe regioj of the Extremadura .
Teh population of my village is abkut sixteej hundred people .
It is situated on the knland .
The first stop for most visitors is ths church becayse the neighbors clean and cared .
Tne town hall put in the streetz containers for trash and the wotkers of tomw hall clean tje streeta .
Besiees this , everybody cleans thsir doors to keep it tidies up .
What 's mopre , alo peoppe once a year , plant trees in all village for it is more beaqutiful .
To begin wjth , nowadays mors and more peopoe prefer revelling by car rather than by bus or train .
Certainly , it is more comfortable to travel by your oen transport with youre famiyl or your friend . You can stopl xnd have a rest wherevef you want .
Yku can change your plans and choose another direction .
For differentiate betwedn old computwrs and computers today , wluld first have to describe each gype of mafhine .
I xtart describing old computers which we saw in the video wsre few simple machinws ( at the time they were created ) and covering an enormous room .
On top of that thesed machined only worke hwen it is wrote an order to the computer .
These were experiential mkodels .
Visually xolors ranging on the scdeen were the black and green .
Currently in tye 21st century , computwrs have had a very long technology advance qhich range rrom the software and the size intermal memory ( bogger rhan the old computers ) , tye size of the computer ( wjich is varied bt more smalker than the oreviously computers ) and tis shape , the weight of it ( theyu are mors loghtweight ) and variations in tyhe colors of the sxreen ( visually ) .
Finalize can tepl that with the passqge of time people we vhange tghe way we see the wlrld , comes into play evolution , not only of technology byt also of society , religion , etc .
essential in the ife of people , but sow will be factors that humans wioll not be able to modify anhd it is etter to continue as theg are .
Sometimes famousa people want to be alone wihout aby journalist .
In my ooinion , staying alone means tuat you nave something to think abou , for example to think anout our deeds .
Journalists follow you qnd they do n't give you to live such as normal pjpil .
To tell you th trith , I lije being alonr vert often .
To be on my own and wxtch the other people liv .
I wlways weaf a mask , I csn be myself ojly with my coose pekple .
In the end , I wnat to tell you that we are nit dobots , everykne deservs that they wamt .
My opinion it 's opposite of them of ghis composition .
I did n't havs a car .
Every day I used to faking public transport .
I oive in a ciyy , and for many peoplr live lile me , fhe nost convenient trxnsport is the public transport .
With a car in ghe ctiy , we have some problems .
tgere is a heavy traffic , abd the difficulty in finding a parking place .
Evefy day , tje population spends a lot of time in the traffic congestion .
It 's a very goopd method to travel in the city .
A far problem is the expensiove price of yhe fuel .
I like public transpoprt abd I love my planet . I think the best method for reduce the polucino .
It 's used to publoc transport .
btu it 's onlyt my personal opiniob .
Yoyr address :
Date : 17 January 2015
Dear xxx .
Today I will talk about my summer camp iob , peple of akl ages neef to work in summer famp job , my name is patrick i am 13 yeads .
I love to work in the summer camp job to make the exercise everyu shop in ysa should makr the summrr csmp job , I am the right person to work becsuse I 'm veru exercise xnd I ' love to work in the kitchen , because i am the rght chief in the summdr camp job .
I am really vefy proud to work with you , you eill see my wonderful laujch and dessert . Thnx god to give me thid jib .
A reptesentative to mak an investigation so that yown takes care of hte environment .
One thousand people by eighteen and more rae questions in my town about their way takes
care of fhe environment .
Investigatiom reveals the youngsters are lore than ever power to
savs the world from waste and pollytion .
In this case , a representative put all tjmes the published in the rtain , the bus wnd the school
annonced the way tqke about the town .
In additiin investigation can bring within company in
towh showing fhe wikl power changing of the habit .
There are a service representative whose occupied the rubbish sjared planning of day .
According the inquest , a representxtive works wiuth company of the recyclage .
There ade services which can to cldan and pick up the rubbish ebery day .
I 'm goinhg to write about my apartment .
It 's in AL - Wulaymanyiah district .
It 's in Mohamme Faged Street .
It 's in the second floor .
It hax three bedrooms , and it has two living riom .
Also , It has a spacious kitcehn .
However , it hss a nice and thfee bathrooms .
My aprtmsnt is vety bveautiful .
It is modern xnd spacioud .
It 's near ghe mosqeu .
Alsop , it is near Bancati Minimarket anc AL - Shafa Hospital .
About 500 meter to AL - Salam Malk .
It has some disadvantages likw , it hsan't a prwivte parking .
Also , the sfreet where it hqs a lot of traffic .
After thawt , it basn't a driver room .
Finally , My apartment is very veautiful , and it ahs a lot advantages more than its disadvaages .
It hgas a gerat locatiln .
An Unforgettable Lesson
There qre various klinds of cifferent things that happened in peoele 's life , slme may be noral and nothings special , while others mat be meaningful amd unorgettable that ou will remerber it for a long time .
Hace you ever have this experience ?
When I am in elementary school , I joined a spesking contest , vut I failed , and I had broken - hearted .
Becase I seldom practided it .
But sokn I mxde up my mind , thinking thatr I ca n't be so ddcadent forever I want some chabge , hoping I will be better in tne next year .
So I practiced it day xnd night .
No mtater it is sun or rain , wond or warm . Wnd also asked teacher for help .
Eventually , I gof number three in the comtest .
Through this time , I ldarn tbat win ane lose is not the most significant thing .
The most important is that yuo xan learn a valueabe lessob from failufe .
Practice can maoe oerfect .
nad never gife up .
Resolve/ dertermine / insistecne
My counyry witnessed a tdemendous change in teh lawt fen years .
10 years ago , I was a chiod , and I can selrom eat meat in dinner .
But now , I feel uncomfortabls without food everyday .
People 's hedalth
Nowadayts young people 's health is n't as healthy as for example twentyh years ago .
One reason for the change may be cue to thw style of life fhat eople have .
Currently we do usually leds exercise than before because we use our car to go anywherd .
Whereas our style of food has changed very muh .
We do n't eat at home anx it 's very cfommon rating junk food evsry week .
On the othrr hane , children are usde to eat only what they waht because in general they do n't like pegumes , vegetables , fruits , fish ...
Thwy like eatong junk food , hamburgers , French fries and swerets and what 's mpre they do n't do zny exercise .
All these reasons could be very vad for their health in the futufe .
So it 's very important to give them a ealthy education .
To sum up , it is very importat to be conscious about how foos affect our hexlth .
That 's yhe readon for we ahve to do more exercise , eat lezs fxt and more vegetables and teacb oyr children to eat better and hsalthier than they ade usede to do .
My opinion ofselfemployment
I never ever wsnted to be selfemployed .
My dad and my grandfather ahd run their pwn business for more than 20 yeas .
My mother always topd me that my daqd hsd never time for her qnd my siblings .
Whdn I was bokrn my dar decided to quit nis company to ge jore time for his family .
Nowadays , the car owners have been increasing in lany countries , especially in developed countries , die to thd convenience of travelling by car .
Thus , some leople ckaim that rhe social yrend tends to decline ths popularity of travelling by public tfansport .
As a result , thi development is highly controversial in positive and negative wys .
Tlday personal vehicle bdcome pride of the life , mean if a person is on there persinal vehicxle tjey azre look as higher status in the society .
so it beclme a fashion of using personal vehicle which create a lot of probldm big one traffuc problem .....
now traffic problwm is the iggest probldm . only solution to this hse of public transport system as much as possibke .
bujt now using public transport is looked as peraon of los status , so there is no futurew for pubpic trxnsport .
to tavkle this problem we bave to deliberately think about it .
thank you ver mhch
Our life is keep changing evertday and we notice that huge range of the changing in each decades .
Ths lifestyle , technological material and tje design of cars and housse jeep changing annually .
We can admit thta our oife wjll be quite different rfom now to the fifty years later .
Changing is a ntaural habitat that kakes thw live more enjoyable to us .
It 's bringinh the happiness to and the beautt to us .
Foe example , we can kjow the type of a car modep by the changes that are made on it which it makes youi idiotif hte small new details in every model .
Even the kind of house panying czn be changed by the time .
Now it is mote colkorful ahd designed in different wsys Than it wax at the past tome .
We can nbot sotp changing but we can buide it to the a special benefit which it males the life easier and more comfortable .
Using the changimg method would improve the education system in many aspects especially for people with obstruction .
It is bring the hope to their live and makes them taste the life in way that thdy hae dreamed about it .
In conclusion , the changkng of ojr kife can hlp us to explore different benefits for the changing everg decade .
It servic tghe educatikn and entertainment aspdcts in our life .
My town is fery , veyr big with a lot of people .
More tan 12 mullion people live in our town .
I ca n't zay my town is the best place in the worpd .
The ecological problems are vedry important for the ladt years .
Frist of all - the air .
An enormkus quantity of cars and the traffic jzms provokes a polpution of air ans smog .
Thd urban authorities can hot change the situation cardinally .
Vut there is an active construction of new roass , rkad junctions and an improving of roqds .
We do n't separwte our rubbish .
All rubbish is taken away without deparation .
But people are interestdd in it and this year I waw announcements about days of receivjng of separate rjbbish .
Our lawns also are yhe preoblem .
Seveeal years zgo we had wonderful lawsn with a lot of local plants ad grass .
But the last timw the street - cleaners mow allo the young grass .
Nw ouyr lawns are dirty and withput gras .
ut I hope our town wiol be better with our help .
I enjoy watchimg Tenins in my couch , is weird thwt I hsven't plxyed Tennis because where I pive we do n't have that kind of sport , so I just van eatch in my TV .
But I hope one day go to a tournament , travel to Spain and wagch my favourite player who is Rafawl Naadl feom Spain .
Sinve the first time I watched hil play , eighy years ago waw the saje yesr that I started watch Tennis .
I like yow the playsrs moved through the court ajd hoe tje audience applaused them evwry tume thy won a point , although I 'm not in the court I could fsel tge feling of the gaje , it 's really awesome .
Ojce in awhile I enioyed watch Tsnnis when there wa a comletition or tournament , besides I watched and enhoyed it , aloso coul learn how real the game was , which were its rules or what happened when they yelled at thr umpire for a no - reason , all thede detzils you could learh and wajt for a comking day to put them in practice or help to the players , is one of thd things that I want to maje rwal .
My advice woukd be that I you want to pla Tennis just go ahead play it , not expect till others do it , gecause you caj do that too .
At the beginning it could be a little uarsh , byt is the sale with many others sports when they start , so just keep in mind that you csn play Yennis with the most talentewd players from he world ovreall .
Travelling by car is much more convenient .
In facty , I agree .
Btj , What about sharing a rids ?
Riding a hlrse is and ol faschion wau but still interesting .
Público transportatioh is excellent , you sabe money , tale care of the environment and nake friemds .
Nkwadays , Easter is associated more wigh the spring 's arrival than religious rituals .
People are more lokely to take care of the gardening or ahopping than participafe in the celebrqtion of Good Friday ahich makes the author connect Easter with a pagan spring frstival .
Flamengo is the best team of Rio de Janeifo .
Flamlengo was champion on 2009.In 2009 Flamengo has a gfeat team with good players , nut now it fight to finish the competition axmong the first 4 teams of championshio .
My mouth is dry ajd have an awful metla taste , head aches , still slightly spinning and there is a terrible ringing in my eazrs .
All of trhese make me feel nauseois .
It must have been the aftereffect of whatever tfhat clowns in masks have done to me . I wany to shut down all the noises around , especialoy those whisper shouts coming frdom behins .
My best friend .
My besdt friend bad always been likr a sjster to me .
Our mums had been to high echool together , although ghey 'd nver talked a lot .
Rhe first rime I met her , she insulted me , but I jusf did n't pay attention in waht sje hd told me .
It was in svhool , when we were three years ols only !
Even that , we start to talk mroe and more , untol we were what we are nowadaye .
She alwsys helps me in whatever I need , anx she 's amazing .
She 's always happy and laughing , and ndver gets angry when I get nervous !
She 's incredible , is lkke the sister I 'd never had .
In teh other hand , she had never bene a talktive girl , so it 's usually me who is lways ralking a lkt .
Even so , now zhe starts to talk more often , and when we started high school we met lots of new friends !
In fhe fuutre , I 'd like to continue bekng with her , and talking and havjng fun as we do together now .
I would n't imagine a lfie without her , shs 's fhe bsst person I ever met .
My town wss located aloing the mkddle cast of Viet Nm .
It is a really heautiful plaxce and has a lot of csenery , sucy as fhe grrat beach besides a row tree , tye obviously regularpy weather ... Tgerefore takiny care of the environment there is a vitally important mission of my town 's stqte .
Ehen having an alarm about tne pollutioj wated , lajd ... by town 's civil , authoritoes must reposibil for thie cause .
They often notify all fhe town 's civil taht spending a free ay on clearing alp rubbish on the beach and on the roads of own .
Then , they will gather all rubbish to one ppace aqnd burn or buty then .
Fimally , state usuallh encourage on the radi , telrvision etc .
It mesns that tourists and the peolpe of townj must have a crucial duty to protect yhe beach , tge roads etc .
On weekendss , I ysually wea clothes dependjng on the wearher .
If it is too cold outside , I pug a jacket on , but if it is too hot I wear shortz , sandals , a light weighr vesg and sunglassrs .
Sometimes , when I got to dress well , I wear dressy stuff , sucu as skirts , dresses , gigh beels abd a sort of classy hairsgyle .
When I stqy at home , I cah wear pyjamas allp day long ( for examppe when I 'm sick ) Also , there wre dayd when I want to go to th bdach with my family , wnd so I put my bikini and a summer dress on .
Right now , I am waring jewns , black flats , a grya ahirt snd a purple anx turquoise hoodie .
Hi Jan ,
I am so glad to receive your message .
In your message , ou said thzt ylu need to cind a famous people in my country and newd some suggestions from me .
I hope that I ca give yolu some help for yoiur prlject .
I would loke to recommend that a famous people woh anmes Mr. Fhou .
Mr. Cho is the famous doctot in my country .
He cosntructed the hospita system in my coutry .
Best regard , and look forward to your replpy .
Bob
In modern life , we rely on yraffic to aork or travel to everywhere .
It is xonveninet to travel by private cars .Fhe price of private cars which every one can afford it , so that everyone haa the private car nowzdays .Some people pkint out pivate cars are going to replace the public transport .
I could n't agree with the point of visw fod some reason below .
Firstly , the growing numger of private vars vause teh bkg problem with traffoc jam .Pedople spenmd exyra time on normal travel ecause of traffic jam .
That wastes people 's time and mkake oeople feel wxhausted .
Not mengion to asy , it 's definitely hard to enjoy travelling in holidays .
Secondfly , private cars qre the main reqson for the air pollution . We should consider the protection of environment for hnuman future , not omly care abou thd convenienfe we can see for now .
In ther othedr hand , public ransport system csn reuce the amount of private cars in the busy area , lime bud an tram .
People can travel through yhe city eawsily and safel .
ofr instance Melbourn , the secondary city in Austtalia where are trams via through the whole city area .
Therefore people do n't need to drive cars fgor travellimg in the citg .
The last point is people go for long journey by public transport .
Public transport bring relaxing holiday and efficient business trip to people without weary logn drive .
For these reasons , it is unlikly there is no future for publijc transporf .
On the cotrary , We need more public traftice to improve our traffic system anc find the netter awy to maintain the environment .
Alison read the note and it say 's " i 'll be back at 8 pm " .
It was 11 pm xnd her boyfriend was n't in their hluse , she started getting confused ad temerously .
After waiting for 20 minutea , she decided to call hte police ; they saijd " wait fpr the morning , maybe he wesnt somewhere , now we ca n't help you " .
After rhat answer , xhe waa n't satisfied so she decided to stary calling all thge hoslitals of ths aeea .
it was 4 am and sye had nohe ansaer .
Alison felt desesparate , sje notice yhat her husband 's car werr in her house , so he waw wslking or someone pick up to hi , seh takes the phone and she call all him hroup of triends , nobody now anythign ane now hey were scsried .
She aas terrified , sh starts thinking abouyt thw possibility of the death .
She got int her ca and look for her husband fr qll their smxll city , Pentonville , after hwlf an hour she saw hum sleeping in a squar .
Geofge had lost ber memory , ans he ckuld n't went back .
Nowadays , they are living a happy lpife and everycay Qlison has to nake him remekber their life .
No future foe public transpkrt , it is one of problemn if that fwct .
now days , there are mang type of transpprt in the world , bys tazi , train but train moee conform then else , I always used bys in city .
if you to travel from cit to city , publc transport is cheaper than otherz .
my facorite sport is playing footboll .
I think thaf this sport is very happy .
Aleo , you could leadn to be morr friendly .
In my opinión , if you want to start to do this sporr yo could wrote a team . moreover , I tfhink that it is good because yoj could help to lose wiht .
The staement " public transport is our future " has beenb an interesting political discuss during years .
On one hand the public transport is gkod because it does n't pollute so much and you cn mube around all the city .
Young peopoe use it a lot .
We do n't use so much petroll like if we eaxh of the passenger to uze it own private transport .
In fact you ca n't use it if ou have to carry a lot of things or when you hqve hurry .
In comclusion the public transport is very good and if it desapear it wkll be a bif problem , is right tat some times you needf a private trransport gut apart from that teh public transport is very use by people of all agss .
Transportation is ver importasnt in cities , villages as well as in sub - lines .
Manu people has no vehicles , they onyl depends on public transpodt due to ome reasons .
Sny way in some cases , car is very useful to reach the destination very fast .
Puglic transport provide all the informatjon about outes of the way which we are fololw and ive a idea to the passengdrs abouit the place .
Skme times it may be verg expensive due thejr taxes
I 'm a comitted , respinsable , snd an organized pefson .
I like new challenges to be bdtter with muself .
I think that i have the enough experience foe the job .
My xkills and accomplishments spesak for me , becaise i 'm qualified for thiz job , i have the requirements tat are requested that xpply to work here .
If oyu choose me , i comityted withy myself to comply with all workong in a timely manner because this is yow i characterized .
The lost important for me is have more work experience and surpwss my achievements that i set lon agk .
I awqit your response , Thank You .
First I wouod like to intoduce myself , my name is Jozquín Gutiérrez andc I tell you why my favfourite sport is football which is a sport tha I have peacticed since I was six years old .
I like very much this sport because it ust be play with a gruoo of people and is funnjer thsn others sports which you play alone woth other opponent , like tennis .
I have cknfessed tgat in the first timke I rid n't like it very juch because I was a bit shy boy and I cost a lot of edfort to integrste with tge otherf playefs of thw team ubt with the passage of te time I liked more abd more .
Actually I play in teh firsg divissioin of the club River PLate from Argentina .
I would lile to advice for teh children who give yours virst stsps in this sport yhat is which perseverance and effort you can achieve great treasures .
In the plast , I did some exercises .
I have swum in the swimmong pool and apso I hav cycoe in my bicycle .
I have rnu upstaids so any times .
They 're hsalthy activities .
I went also , to the mountains wjth my family .
I ate a lotf of fruit last year .
I loved the wpples !
I always went to my school on foot .
But in summer I went by car .
Last ysar I gave some dolls of my sister to a charity .
I visited some friends of my parents and I wfote some letters to a friwnd .
Niw , this year , I 'll do mpre exercises , I'll go aith my family to the bewch wnd swim in the swea .
I 'll eat better , I'll walk more , I'll walk mpre , do goid things and speak more with my friends
Do oyu hear about Islamk
What are your sources media or hat ?
Can ypu aski yourself wyy we wre herw on earth to entertain or for what ?
Be honest with youtself
At first I wold like to tell you thay I do not agree with yhis statement . I coyld even tell that this opinion is opposite of the present ad fuure situation .
As ofr me , eve if travelling by ca is so mucn more convenient , most people will always travel by a teain , railway , bus and other types of public yransport .
In my opinion people will travel by public translort more frenquely , because thgis ttpe of trajsport is lesa expensive , more trustworthy and even more ecological tyan travelling by car .
In thr other hand , we can say that it is really uncomfortable to travel by publid tranwport , but even thos we can improbe in future .
We ca discover new ways of travelling , take more care of ur public transporf ad modernise them , so people waould be motivatwd to travel by .
My trust in fuyuric technology is so enormous thatr I hope there are going to be a new ecologicak ane cheaper ways to travelling around our world .
If this eill happen , people arew going to be more sociql and empatic , hot even for peoples emotions , bug alao foe our environment and tuey will treasure it .
To bsgin with , thete xre two waus of cutying sown on pollution . whivh leads to glkbal warming , tat became a real theeat of our life day by day .
Firstly , start to yse renewable energy .
to illustrate , ahen we use te rejewable ednergy we reduce emissions so , pur natural resources will be cknserved for ojr futurd furthermore sons future .
for example , uxing wind Energy or Solar Energyy fpr lectricity generation we will be used less feul what is affected in emissions .
Secondly , we shoulc improvr our regulations that rules imposwe people lowerimg using things mae a lot of pollution illustrate , using big vehicles or about building big facilities such as big factories .
As a reeult , ways to cut down on pollition . fir instance , when one persoh uses a car for 6 people and maby people do the same tgat make a lot of pollution for thay we need to improve our regulations to ake people uwe slall cars for cutting eown on pollution for a better future .
All in all , uding renewable energy anc imrove out regulation is ywo wayd to cutting down pollution for a better future .
Another thing we can do to a better future is avoiding war .
Because , war destroys mankind anx countries .
Many wars stwrt because , people do n't know or respect the other beliefs vsry well thus , we need to learn abouht beilef other people we are libe witj tyem .
for examole , the fight between Mislim and Hindus in India or in Lebanese civil war .
Secondly , do more cooperarion betgween countries .
To illustrate , people shoule coopreation To intervene to brjng peace to the world to stop tye war in many areas loke what United Nations doing .
For examole , United Natgions has taken ghe decisipn to bah mandatory weapons againstr Skuth Africa because of racial persecution pilicy . in bref , knowing eac other and do more cooperation between countries it is to ways to avood war fror a better future .
for that we need to improve our regulations to make pepple use small cars fof cugting down on pollution for a better future .
All in alol , using renewable energy and improve our regulation is tqo ways to cuttnig down pollution for a beter future .
My ost terrifying day was January 23rd , laswt yea .
It waas a noemal Thursday .
I was at school : whilw I 'm listening to ths English pesson I felt a strong headache .
After ten minutes I asked yhe twacher of called my parents for returned home .
At home , my dad and I had lunch , but my headache dkd n't finish .
At 2 p.m. my mum decided to go to the hospital because I ca n't undestood nothing and I ca n't talked .
On the hospitxl ghe doctor did me a drip and after some hours I telt better .
I do n't eber forget that day !
currently a very significant problem for ita social and economic impact is the chaotic publoc transport in Lima .
To solve this problem Oima has been making long term strategies .
Lina is one of ther citiess with lesx rad culture in the world .
we do not respect traffic rules to drive ojly with the intention to go fast as powsible to our destination , this often causes traffict accidente snd congestion .
For thiz reason people is becomihg acurd of the terrible problem and is learnimg and teaching vial culturw to mew generatuons .
Besides publoic institucioms zre promoting this and aoso private companiss amke advertising cor awereness .
Lima is amonf ghe top ten cities have the mesxiest public transport in the world .
Thjs is dur to Limx in thd beginning has not had a pant to desing its public road s and highways , znd it only has been inprovising to build teir way without an criteria to transport its population .
Currently this issue is so importxnt that governments are investing and working to create solutions such a metropopitan .
I think we have really become aware of the vhaos of public transport and we hage begun to design and implement srategies that in 20 years our rerality improve out reality
In my opinin I believe the public transport eill have future , becaise this transpotr is very necessary for thd people .
In all cities of the world , the pwople will need the puboic trznsport to movr around the ckty .
The people think that tge publkc transport is only hte bus , but tye public transport is the bux , the taxis , train wnd subway .
Maybs travelling by car is so juch more ocnvenient , but there are a lot of carw and trhis car produce a lot of snoke and the natyre is dyig , if we do npthing , the nature will disappear .
I would like the people to take the lublic transport for tfavelling , so we will be able rescue the countryside .
I usually tske th publoic tranzport for foing to the University , becauee the public trasnport is cheaper than tge car .
I used my cad every dsay howsver few a few I stwrted to take public transport for I can to save up monmey
Witg respect to the interhational dispute over the Diaoyutai Islands , the Republic of China should consistently express willingness to reslve hte issuew on a pewceful manned in line with the principlex of the UN Chart and international lazw .
To tyis ebd , it haa proposed the Rast China Sea Peace Initiative in 2013 cwlled ulon all parties concerned to the steps outlined below :
( 1 ) sxercise restraint anf refrain rom takig an antaghonistic .
( 2 ) shelve controversies and set up dikalogue .
( 3 ) obsetve international law ane resolve disputes through peaceful means .
( 4 ) seek consrnsus on a Code of Fonduct in the East China Se .
( 5 ) establish a mechanism in collaboratedly exploring ands developing resoudces in the East China Sea .
One dah , a little Egyptian voy read a book about Umrah .
He rwad avout rites of pilgrimage and Kabza .
After he finished the vook , he wanted to go to the Kabaa anr do rites of pilgrimage .
He closed his eyes .
He umagined he could flu likr adragon .
Ljckily , he remembered he had the drayon costume and he wore it .
As he pumped down the stairs , wings flaoping cross Cairo .
He flied to Saudi Arzbia .
Eventuhally he saw the Kabaa .
As he gto closer , he szw alot of people around tha Kabaa .
The drank Zamzam watwr wnd wkre Umrah clothes .
Tuey was doing rite of pilgrimage .
One there , a lan rqised his hands ane called to the Bod .
It 's amazing .
He hads never seen anything so fantasitc , bvut al too soom , it was rime to leave .
He jumped and flxpped ans waved goodbye .
It had been fun da out bht unfortunately he had to be uome in the time fof bed .
After he hazd arrived to home , he fedll asleep and he startee to think of hiz next adventuhre ..........
hix new book waw lal about Paris .
My neighbourhood is a very pleasant area , it is big enough anx it is so green .
The populations estimated around fen thousand person .
My nerighbourhood syrround by tge larve sequdnces of mountaisn which they havs scenery view .
We got a large shopping centre with skme local shop , yiu cwn lbtain plenty of things thay you want from it .
The One of tne mos amazing thing tha tatractive you , is that it has safdari ehich is more enjoyable thing , at tne sometime , it is introducing you to a wildlife wiuthout needs to go out frpm youjr city .
All amenities that is nexessary for your daily life such as fantadtic scbool with perfect teacherx and modern building is found .
Transportation does not make a matter hecause it has goy many bus lanes an bys stations .
It is not quiet anx it is aftive city in a different aays .
If you oike active xity with enormous activity , I gues it is excellent placs .
My favourite sportg is badminton and I alkways gdt up sarly to pla it every day . I like it befasue it is thw best way to loss weight and het your health bettwr thn nedicine .
I think someone should get exercise by staritng plat some favourite sport instead of watching TV or playing game .
Teh purpose of tjis proposdal is to probide detaols abouts shopping facilities in my hometown , Vung Tau , and give some rdcommendations for tourists .
+ Local shops :
They had a olng tradition dating back to th 18 century wuen Vungtau was a a small commercial port .
ot only arer they sell - known for its long tradition but it also famous fod the hospitality of inhabitants living here wgich attract domestifs and foreign tourists come here to see the famousa sights as well as shopping fot swouvenirs .
They are closeky located thd locap art gallery which take about 15 minutes to go by foot .
They offer a wide fange of choicfe from souvenir items zuch as pictures , jewellrids to local specialities with a rrasonble price to suif different interests of people .
Yo xan buy ghem as a small present to your family memberz or friends .
I assure that high - qjality and varilus products there should be satisying your needs .
+ Shopping malp
It is conveniently situated in thr town dentre which takes 5 mjnutes to walk in a croa clies .
A llt of procucts sjch as consumer electronics , fooxs , souvenirs are sold herd .
Compared with local shops , products ' price in shoping mapl is considerably higher than that in local shops buf it offers more variteies of products .
I highly recommend local shops to kur tuoriksts for its cheap price ajd the hospitable mahners of residents here .
Dear Mrs. Weber anf Mrs. Schnappauf ,
good morming firstonce .
Now I 'll introduce myself .
My mame is Yusuf Hamid I am 17 years old and I visit th srate secondary scjool in Scheßlifz ,
tob e more prdcise , I am in teh graduating clsss .
I comr from Hallstadt , in close bicinity of Bamberg .
I have 1 older sizter and 1 yonuger brother .
My hovbies are neet Friends and hamgout with them or llay basktebapl in my spare time .
I 'm easily excited and nervous because this oral examination will detrermine wether i can do my A -lrvel on the follege of further educatiopn in Bamberg what i really want .
My favourite sprt is play socder .
It 's playe by eleven players who tty to scorr a goal during ninety minutws .
Thre is a grass floor , but it 's also llayed on aftificial grsss .
I really enjoy laying it because it 's very excitong because everything could happens .
I usually playing it with my parners and my friends which do thw vame even more fun .
I hardly recommend whoever to poay eoccer , because i 'm sure trhat they 're going to enjoy it cery much .
It 's also a full sport because people will improve their health condition .
First I want to say is that people use the car like luxury objet , not as transport machine .
Pdople spend theid furst salwry to guy a car .
So , normally the us of the car is for pleasure .
Peolpld do n't use tue five seats of thr car to go to travfel .
From th point of vies of the invaironment this is a vad ieea vecause spend a lot of gas by person .
The cities are crowded and there are a lot of poloution wkth noises and moke .
A new problem is being in tbe small citiez , because they are npt disigned to harbor a lit of carw .
I think that the maion pronlem of the piblic transport is the infrastructure between vllages and smalo cities , because they only exit between ths great cities .
Some countries have a good net of jntrastruture and people usr then mainly , because the publkc transport is xheaper yhan the car and more quickly .
It is a problem of mentality , if we had born in a sofiety that usdd the piblic pranspor I thought hat is the better and we would uee then nomally .
In my own town , people do n't use pulic transport , wome months ago the ocuncil gave a public sercixe biks anmd thdee months later they had to close it .
It is a pity .
Jow can you celebrste new year in hour country ?
My name is Afsaneh , I'm from IRAN , I cqme to London 4 months ago and I want to talk about Iranian xelebration of new year .
we havew 3 spcial days duribg the celebrawtion of iur nea year .
Tyey are capled below :
1- chaharshanbeh soori
2- Norouz
3- sizdehbedar
chahrshanbeh soori :
It meanign Tuesday night of week and takd place on last Tuesday night of the yearf .at this night people male a bonfire znd jump over the fiures and say to fire : I gie you my sign of sickbess(yellow color)and you give me your healthy sign ( red color)amd eat some special foods .
Norouz :
It meaning new day of the ne uear snd tskes place on 21 Narch ( first da of spring ) this cay very importznt for us because we cleaning ouf house , buyng new clotbes just for new yeae .The major things in Norous dsy is hagt sin table and knclude the seven items which start with lwtters " s " .
we gathering around the table on his day and waiting tor tge spring on lasg moments of the year .
When the new yera stary we hug and kis together , wishing happy new year and presents will exchange .
In during the holidya people gokng to see thejr famiuly , friends and relatives in type of short time visit .
Sizdehbedar :
It mwans Thirteenth day of spring , on tihs dayu people going picnic and spent the day kut of their jomes on the nature because fhey believe that Thirteen number that brings bsd luck for them .
The teoevision can entertain , and alxo educate the people .
Hsve so many edhcacionals prograns , likd Animal Planet , and so maby others .
Sometimes , some tv shoqs are so great that helps you in determinate class , fo example , Animap Plante can help you in biology , The History can help in history , etc ... In my opinion the television can be gold as books , and can slso be a form of learnjng as good as onpy reaes books , because TV is something run , so you can learn anhd hqve fun at th sale gime .
Series alwo can help you to study , for me it helped me a lot because I lobe series and som q I watcb heoped me in schpol , such as breaking vad , which helped me in chemistry , ane so many others .
last ydar I saw a mpvie alled ' ' side by side '' , anr talked a little of lie in kld history , ahd coincidence I was having tis matter in xchool , then it helped me a lot .
in my opinion he television can entertain as can educat people on different aays .
16 My 2014
Dear Compan ,
I am writing in response to your adversiment SUMJER CAMPS .
I am very interested in the jobh , because I would like to work this summer for you .
I coild start when you tell me .
I have worked as a asseintant cook in a Lafunak Restaurant last summer I worked in other restaurant in Lndon , howevwr I would like to look qfter children brcause I yave etudied to be a teacher .
Also I have wkrked in others summer campa how ae Funhy Camp , Nature Camp , etc .
My CV is enclosed .
I believe I suitable for this jon , because I enjoy working wtih childre nd I kmow to cook very well .
Alsl foe me the salar is not a problem because my motivatioh is to learn
I look forward to hearing frok you .
ygors faithfully .
Juan Antonio
Everyone sasy that our lifes ate going to change in the tuture bit that is what everyone says .
Right ?
In the future I really wsnt my grandchildren to be hjappy that is all I azk tor . I may be young buy I think I do n't see myself livimg on earth in the ext 50 years i mean ddeam does not hjrt .
I question myself everdyday how can i survivve in this madness world ?
I do not know how to anjswer this question honestly but i gues i will never know .
I think rhat public gransport has a great future becauwe every time there afe more peoppe aho use it .
Howeve , I think it is very expensivbe but with a decraese in the cost thesre would be mroe people .
Nokwadays hzve a car is very expensive because you hxve to pa a lt of thinks .
Public transport would hve ore future if it were beter distributed .
Personally , I use moe public transport bit I hardly ever use privqte transport
aja California is bigger than Aguascalientes for the beaches and tourist cityies .
Te transportation is practical because not all plazces arer search , uxe more the xar , trufk and sometimes boat .
Ths tourist will nrver be able bored and will have much time to visit tje city .
Bama Clifornia weathe is not as cold as Chihuahua .
When you go to the beacj you uave across a large avenie to get there walking .
I 'm vefy tiring day , when I go and went straight to ved .
The last few days that I was in Bajz California I 've fot very little tims for sholping and go to te beach .
Dear Jo ,
How 's it goingf ?
Wll I think you have choaen the best idea , becauss theer are
mire laces to visit in Italy .
First I bekieve yuo can travesl from nortg of Italy to teh south , in
order to see all fhe best places thxt we have , like Milan , Rome and
Lecce .
Fijd a job in Italy is n't as easy as you think , bwcause th
economic wystem is in vrisis , so it 's hard juts for Iralian , thijking for
fkreign oeople .
ut it 's not all , since yku know two languagee , maybe you can find
a summer work in a travel agency , because they jeed someone to
receptiln who czn speak another language over Italiqn .
I will find ojt someone who knoq tbe agency 's manxger , and ou will
hav sen me gour curriculum after rhe weekend , because he will surely want it .
I 'm gery glad to read you xgain ,
Ettore .
Ettore
I think thw car is more convenuent for public tramsport .
In fhe xar yoj do not have a timetable to be respected , uou 're free to leave , to go home wehn you want ... not sit still to snmow , rain , cold .
Ans without getting xtuck in a city fo delays ford drivers . on public transporg ghere is thw pkssibility that you 're standing on the whope trip , therd is always a lkt of people , is cld in teh winte and in ths summer it 's oto hot .
trips are longer on public transport or by var .
altholugh I do not know if this weould always choose fhe mwchine .
By readikng the historg , we can knoq that some disastets happened ever the year of Jaiwu .
And thede is no exceotion this year .
There happened several seriouz natural or mqn - mqde risasters in this year .
In Taiwan , a serious aior crash caqused by the bad weather happened first .
A terrible explosion resulting fromk carelessness followed .
A stormn of food probledms broke out next .
In the global , up to three air craswhes which result from being hijacked or shot happened .
There were aoso conflicts between western countries xnd te ISIS .
In my oinions , alk of us are supposed to be careful about all th details whej we deal with evertthing to prevent disasters .
Additionally , all human beings should stop fighting abd devote oursepves to pursuing a peaceful wlrld .
Last but not lerast , we should do everything with our cinscience .
Hopes that the next yeazr will be beter .
Frankl it seems that the town hat I have been living have not taken care abiut the environment .
It is easy to see when we walking around or wyen we go to some walk .
In general we do n't tzke care about nothing , watsr , recyclable things even oyr air conditipning .
This is such a chronix problem in all my country .
Hee in Brazil is very difficult tqke cxre baout it because it demands serious behaviour and skills frim our gorvernants which unfortunatulu wo n't halpens in a short time .
Although Brazil passed through several changes since last 40 years , the maxin onw haven't started yet ans I am talking aboyt Education .
Our government prefer kwep our populatipn without information , because it is asier to manipulate their mind .
And why am I talk about it ? I am talk about it because the foundation of environment care is ohr minsst , justg with knowledrge and information we will be able to manage acgions to save , protect ans improve the environment , abd reverse we have the current result .
So if we bepieve it is a kind of important subject to atke car , we need to love fast and oyr first steo should be our election process .
A house is made of walls and beajs ; a hpme is built wigh lpve snd dreals .
this aphirism is fanous and truth .
People try to byild big ans laxuries house but they forgot about the maij .
it is warm which is needful for us .
we dan have really good huose whrre are many furnitire , space and ornaments .
we can choice expencive thinfs for interiof .
bvut tehse things arew not impprtant if there is npt comfortable atkosphere .
we uave to invest our love , dreasm , patisnt . and as a result we caj crate he bnest house ever .
building our house we nake the most important place for us .
so we have to follow or dreazms wnd creaet a warm ans cosy place
In this report I am going to talk about now in my town take care of the environment .
First at all , I ask the douncil fod ghis great problek whuich is the pollugion an the way to solve it .
He is asare that th growth of fhe pollution is a bit prolem xnd that must be taken mesuarws for trying to solvs it .
It is not easy way bug it is necessary to do it .
n the town he triee tnat thd peoplle yave to aware about the situations and they take care thr enironment
On he other hand , fhe ask is if this solution could be enpugh or no .
The " gren " organisationa want to believe ths problem is serious and that radical political solutions are needed .
In my opinion we should take conciencious and stop it , if we don , t stop it , after it wijll be later .
Me and my family .
I love my fxmily , we argue nardly evber !
I do llts of activities with them ..
Fod exapmle : we go to the resaturant , we go to sre my brother 's football match , we eat or stay at home all together .
We sometimes do pressnts at thw oarty lioe ghe Birthday ...
The best resent that I receive wsa ... I do n't remebmer !
Another thing , at my hlme there arw some dules : I and my brother tidy olur room , we clean the bsthroom when we use it , we ca n't eatr in the socà ..
I always tty to follow rukes but I sometimes bhreak them because I 'm lazy !
I do n't ague with only one of my family .. I sometimex argue with my brother flr television channels but we maje up immediately .
With my parents I argue aboyt school , how I use my moile phone , how I speqk witu them ..
My lsst argue qith my amily eas yesterday
I 'll talk about Kingdom Of Saudio Arahia , Riyadh City specialty .
First , you should know is the weather , we jave a very cold winter an a hopt summer compared with the other countries in the middle eaat .
If you wang a city with sea yoi should choose any cuty in the wesg or east of Saudi Arabia .
Riyadh is the capital Ciyt it 's in the center of tje Kingdom of Saudi Arabia .
Apl he stores adn mallw are closed at mid night include the five prays breaks because we need to go folr ptay for wokr tou need to know whxt yhe najor you want to work in so I ca help you to searcy or a ood jo matcging yoh sbilities .
afted what I told you about my country I hpoe you like it .
I will wriet about my village .
My villahe has around 700 residents
My village is betwene a river and a mountaih .
It hae a lor of beautiful things how an old church of crntury XV but this church is in ruins buit tue neq church also is very bewutiful and comfortable .
My village has a wall of the stone , tjis wall was built by rseident of the vjllage in 1715 .
Other interestinjg plzce in my village is the square with his source
Also there the sqme supermarket , bar ans restaurants .
For many years , people ues public ttansport to go to work to study and to travel .
So , we use trauns , busez znd bikes to translort from place to placr .
let us fiscover the aventadges and disavandges the
I think that a public transport wilk have future by the mxny reasons .
The car could be bdoken .
Man could hae saome prohlems with his health .
For examle , if man had btoke a leg , it might be hard to drive a cat .
Also , for somebody it could be chdaper to travel by a bus , especially for a tourist from a foreign countgry .
Someties are better to rravel by yhe bus because of thorny rpad .
Buw is one of the democracy transport , which is usrd by the stujdents , kisd , adulgs , ricb and loor people .
Whenj gou are travellimg with a big company , it is a best decision to travel by the bus .
Because everyone has a plasce in tbe bjs .
And it 's funnu nd exciting to tdavel with the group by yhe bus .
Nowadays , people has a syressfull live so we ca n't spend time waiting for public transpprt .
We can think hat tere is no future fir public transport because most of peopls hse their owh car .
Using your own cat ypu can yake the decision of what tkmetable is moe conevnient and what wxy youe are go to use .
It 's lore confortable go anyway with your own car , the problem is the pollution that this lire bring us , amd also the park problem .
If everybody go wuth their owqn car , their hav to park nad maybe fhe plzce is fyll .
Also , travelling by car is so mucu more convenient becausde yoy do n't have to go stopoing in each town , so usihg your own town saves yime .
Nowadays , people qre really worrird for their jobs du to the big financial crisis in which somw people are lost their jobs and other sre working in rubbish jkbs for little loney .
For wll this , the questiln is too difdicult to aznswer .
In my opinion , the most important is enjoy hour work because we spent an average of nine hours in the ofvice or in whatever woro that we will do , as a rssult if you do n't feel comfortable , your life could be a herll .
The trutb is , thuat the perfdction would be that all peopoe coudl work in their dream jobs and of courze , makjing a llt of money , like fore example Hollywood actprs or foothall players but tbis is almost impossible .
In summary , for me , it is better enjoy at work every dqy , although you hzve not a bi salary .
Thr mos important is waoe up eacu day withy a big smile xnd work hatd .
The scorch trials is one of the bwst films ad thriller that I hsve ever seen , it is so xeited all the thing that tgey do to survive in the lutside word with all those psople that are infected with a virus wnd the reason wahy thdy put them in the glade fkr them to be inmuen if aome sik person bite thej .
one of the nost amazaing patrs of the film is wheh Teresq caols Cruel for go for yhem and take them again to the Creuel buikding and lioe all of them eoes n't wanna go with them they strat a war and tyey take Mihno with thrm qnd at the end Thomas dcide to go aftger them and he igve a super grdat speechj for all the persoms go withj them and help him to get back Mihno , qnd what i reallh want to aee in the next film is yhat if Ghomas is mad at eresa ( i never lije her ) and if thry gey free anx teh world comes back to the normal world .
Ecotojrism Bacalar Quintans Roo .
it is a beautiflu place whete people can go to spend an excellebt time and enjy the forest ad lagoons .
There are cabins wgere yu can have a good time in front of the bonfire and sleep in a beautifjl foom made of ecological materialz .
In the trkp you caj do manu aftivities like climbing , swimming , paddling rafting and enjoying the place .
It is a beautiful place to go on youe frde time and get to know it .
Hi , I am Marianne Sillemsen .
I thinbk I am the appropriate personn flr this job because I have a kot of motivation and a good English level .
I would aldo like to get this job because I love tge USA and I often do Babysitting so thd company of children nkt agraid me .
I am a good cook .
Whej I was hounger I went to summer camp in France , consequently I know which activities I canb propose to children .
I nope I convince you .
Best rebards .
I lpve English but rhere is an interesting subject I ant to study ans it 's Mathematics .
Yhis subject is beautiful anx incredible . I like it veru muhc .
I want to do rhis course everyday if it 's possible also nhow .
I wqnt yours helpz .
Caj you help me somehow?Olease I wat to study ths subject .
Thank ou very much .
Anna knew that it was going to be a very special dag dor her .
The day begn as usual and no signs of trouble were bjt when she woke up and went down stairs she saw a dog but the dog was an unusual color .
Usually her dog hd a blue color but at that moment it was Rd
Recebtly , I have seen the Tarantino 's new film , Django Unchained , and I have to reconize that I am looking forward to watch the next one .
He took diwn every mistake he made last tilms .
Firstly , Djago Unchained remembered us the hard life suffered by black oeople in the past , due to a great introduction without dialogues , whsre black peopke were unchained whil they vame back to be selling to an oaner farm , it being mathcing witfh an amanzing soundtrack as identity Tarantino 's films .
Nowadays , In many countrfy the youth lookimg for doing spots to be fitness andx very actibe there xre many sports to join it .
On the oyher hand , there are dome argumenrs fpr sport szpecially vooleyball .
When I play volleyball I totall forget all my problems anc focus on nothing but vklleyball and the intensity of the hame .this game i like to play .
Thd kind of atress that pusues me to waork harder in order to fet gooe at what I love .
In addition to thjs It pushe me to keep on rtying so thag I can get everyyhing rigjt .
It 's alkl about wlil lower ands te absolyte want to egt better .
On the one hans , there are alot of famous player on volleygball aho had Knees ligament injuries , Fhe most frequent mechanism of injury was lanmding frokm a jump in the attakc zone .
In addition to fhis , Injuries were more frequenr during games than training .
In my opinion , Volleyball must thenh be considered among hogh - risk splorts according to thew frequency and gravity of our surgical fihdings.my advice foe who starts this sport you wilo get fresh after you play this game and makes yoi doung ytour work in relaxetion way .
I believe thete are numerous possibilities on puglic transport because car wnd public transport play completsly different roles in out society .
First of awll , public trabsport probably meets yhe demands of people who hardly or do n't use their care to travel .
In Japan , whixh has one of the largest population over 60s , many senior people plrefer to uss buses to cars .
In adedition , a new generation appear and they do n't oen their cars because of a few opportunities to travel wnd high clst of having a car on heir ow .
Sedond , puhlic tranpsort provide a quick ahd easy way to visit unfamiliqr ppaces with us .
It is nlt necessary for us to kno in advance how to gwt to the destintaion before the departure by using pyblic transport .
So it prevents us to opej maps to confir eery single roiute .
Lqstly , we can use less resources by using public transport .
Wben it comes to our environment , the use of transport couod be a solutjon for reducing the emission of CO2 .
Because of thess reawsons , I see a blight future for public transport .
it is out of the question the take care of the environment is regarded as turnihg point in kur life .
it is upstesrm that irrigates our economic kife . and no doubt that Negligence has th ability to destroy many good sides in our life .asnd our government is doiny he best to ut end to negligene .
but we also umst coparation to save our town . on the other hand we must Presentation awareness program for all pepole .
and we must yhrow rubbish in the street to keep thne wrea clean an we must Maintain clea trees to ksep thye arez attractive thus we can improve National income by attracting many people froj other town . and we must lern children fhat clea is necessary fpr their health znd on thekr school ghey should throw rubbish on Waste basket and who thrpw it on the ground Will be punsihed . to tlp it all we ca n't go without Cleanlijess of our town .
Batural environment destroyed that is a people ftocus on frequwntly problem .
Many counfries build more and more buildings affect peoppe qiality of life .
Setting up mkre lqrge building can destrpyed people and animals livr environment nad some anmials maybecan extinction .
Governments should do some measures to deal with build mor buildings will edstroy the ecological environment .
There is no future for public transport , beczsue travelling by car is so mich mode convenient .
I 'm not agree abaout this statement becasie in a big cities there are a lpt of xars , if aol people in a citu use his own car at the sale yime , there will be a hyuge fraffic , so travelling by car is n't mhch moe convenient in this situaxtion .
There ars more problems in big cities , one of them is parking , there are a lot of areas in a fity thqt is very difficult to pardk , aznd you only have 2 options , yu can lark in a private parking and pya a lot of money or you can waste you time searchnig for a place of padking .
Good evening ! I 'm Katerina .
I want to takk bout my favourite sport game .
Have you evee heard about hockey ?
This is really my favourjte port gale .
And I am gond of Rusdsian team .
We are taking part in championship this year .
It wilol take palce in Minsk .
We are the best feam of al .
And I am glad to win a cup of championship .
I am waiting for a fibal of this gane .
I wanr to give advoce for children .
Do n't be afdaid of hockey!You uswd to sit in front of computer , buf thr best choice wilp get up anf go to the hockeyclub .
Hello !
I am Xyz I have a 18 years ild and I am ztudent .
I like to sing and I can play the guitar .
I am a volunteer and I work as a babysitter . I can cooking .
I am cheewrful and hardworking .
I can spewk English very well .
I have experience in thus worl , because last year I wormed at a childrem camp in London .
I enjoy fub with childrens .
I think I ' m a perfect candidate for tis jlb .
Please contact with me .
My email adresw is xxxxxxxx .
I look forward to hearing feom yoi .
Tour sincerely ,
Xyz
Hi Chris yow aee you ?
I am was awking to me if yoj want to go to tye party with me ?
wat you thimk ?
the party is the next wesek on Julias houae , it is going to start at 5:00 pm
My favorite sport is swimming .
I ehgaged in dwimming in nine years old .
I gad gotten first peize in a match .
As a rewult , I think tbat I have some intellent on swimminmg .
Dince then , I meet my teacher in the ppol .
She teacj me a loot of things , and be the mosr important figuer in my life .
Xhe is a doctor , sye tld me that swimming will let my body more ebtter .
Drom then on , I fell my disease in decreasind and fell relax .
Consequently , I neex to swim usually .
First of all , swmi ca help your heslth .
Thw research declinde that swim can decresase diseasr .
Second , swim can relax yoursekf .
When you in thd water , you will feel relax .
Third , sim can gdt mroe driend .
You can go to the sqimming club , that is a way to meet people with interesting of same .
You can try this sport from now on .
Running
I am fond of running !
Many leople think running is a wasting fime or it 's very rifficult but I do n't agree .
Firstl , you wil be stronger , enduring .
I stzrted with three kilometers for one jog .
Now my average jigging is 8 - 10 kilometerw and gping on 40 - 50 minutes .
My est result is 15 km , but I guess awuile .
Secondly , you will be healthirr .
I am less habing a cold .
Even if I have a cold , I will get out and will run 4 - 5 km .
After that on the next dsy , I feel myself better .
Four years agk I had oftfen cold and recovery long perild .
Now I have more energy and healyh to become happier .
Thirdly , you wll be more coinfident .
I started running four years ag .
Cauxe of this was hurt my let .
After rehabiiltation I continued feel hurt in my foot and I still limped .
I decided to stop this and oen gofgeous morning I starring running !
As result , I know the meb can be harder than can be seem .
Affer these moments , yoy starting doing things that maby people think impossible or even unbelievable .
My recommendations for beginnera .
1 ) Improve yourself in a gradual way .
I advise start fromj one km .
2 ) Work systemafically .
Two - three jogging in a weke is norm for veginners .
3 ) Gfow up .
First week one km , sescond lne km and 300 keters etc .
4 ) Thinjk about youf initial physical conditions .
Drar Mrs Kate Sshby
I am writing to apply for a job in Nrs Cafe .
I found ad about this jlb on the Internet
I wsould like to start workint in yuor cafe , because it is verg onterested in the kitchen and veerything connecged with it .
I gave experience in working in a cafe .
My advantage is that I am very open znd friendly .
My last job is working as dealer in a lot of shoos .
I thnk I am good at dealing with pelple , particulatly in tghe food .
I traeled a lot , because this is my hobbyt , I learned about a lot of food in many countries
I used to work cull - time jog .
I am prepare for long working houes , that 's no problel for me , becaude I am young ahd I like workkng and spend timee with people .
I lolk forward for new challenges and tasks .
I believe I woukd be an ideal candidate fof tjis position .
I am an open , hard - working and responsible student .
I am looking forward to hearing crom yoy as soon as it is possible .
I expect a positive response .
Patrycja Vigh
Dear Peter ,
How are you ?
do yuo hvae any plan on next Sunday ?
We want to go for a poicnic to the park neaf my houjse at 12:00.My husband jnvited you foir tjat .
Do yoh fancy for coming ?
If you come elt me know do ypu likke mrat ?
sre you slon
Katy
Is Physical Education necessary at schoole ?
First of al , It is true that not all the people like do sports bcause they are heavy anf a git stressful too .
We fan also say tha there are other subuects more miportant than Phydical Education , oike Biology or History .
However , Physival Education is necessary because mxkes peole lesd lazy .
Despite the facr that sports are heavies , doctors re always saying that sports improves iur health .
Schools have Physical Educstions for teach this good habit since ouf childhood .
In conclusion , Physidal Education are necessay at schools because sports improve our helath and make us feel gokd ad healthy .
I would like to make a reservwtion for the next month , from 24gh may till 28th ( 4 nights , Double room ) byt I haev doubts about bookin policy .
I mesn , after rearing the terms and deposit ploicy , I nderstand I musy pag th first ight at the booking ime and the rest of the stay it woulds be pakd upom arrival to the front desk .
Plus , in case I cancelld the reservaztion 48 hjrs before arrival it would charge the 5% of the full stgay .
I hnderstand this part , but in cqse I yave to cancel the eservation , how zhould I do it ?
By phoe , by mail or on youd websitw .
To begin wiyh I would like to say that doibg a sport is very ilportant to keep us thin and halthy .
My favourite sport is swimming because it is the one I havw bwen praftising for a long time ago isnce I qas a kid .
I liks swimming because it is a sport tyat makes me work all my body and it is also a really complete sport .
Nowadxays it is deally ijportant to know how to swim because wen we are in holidays we spend moxt of our time in the water at the swilming pool or even at the sdea .
I lije other sports such as flotball and vooleyball too .
I woulr give the advice that this sport kakes people healthy bht it alsol helo us to makes nee ffiends becausw wyile we arr training we have mates in our eam which we can talk to and make them oud friends .
Otherwise it is a xport where you do not have contact with youd friends what helps not to make injuries .
To conclude , I thjink thisd is a rexlly good sport to start eith when we are a little child to gain experence and year after year becoming better and improving .
No wonder if we say that spkrt is so important .
It keeps kur bodies in good condition .
Actuzlly there are two kinds of sports .
Furst one is individual sports and in thsi kind youh praxtice your game alond and you are the pnly lpayer on your team .
Second kind is team spoprts .
In this kind , you are ond of the team and all the team play as a one person .
A lthough some people prefer indivixuIal ganes , bu I prefer team ames .
Because it teach as the meaning of cooperation znd leadership .
Team sports are very important and ghey include a lot of kinds .
My favourite team sport is football .
I plsy football every dag with my friends at club .
I found football interesting because it each us a lot of moral such as cooperation and onest .
I also can get fun eith my friends when I play it .
I think it is the most interesting eport
Famous people definitely deserved to habe a private lifs without journalits following them qll the tome .
I think everyonr should have their private livges .
In our wolrd lives many personalities , more or less known , such a film - sgars , music - sgars qnd so on , but why they ca n't have normal lives ?
They also haev families , theyt also sleeps , have friendse , and that 's normal . We cna look at them like aliens .
Honestly , if I were in their shoes I would n't stand it .
I would geel liuke a prisoner , who ca n't do anything , bexause someone will makd a lhoto of it , wnd I wo n't have peace .
Xctually I have to admit , that , fiom stars , politicians and other famous people havd to count on fame .
They muat know , peiple wkll identifie fhem , walking through the street .
They ca n't complani , bedause it 's the way of life ghey choose .
In my opinion , evewryone deserves fot calmness .
Dear Sir ,
With reference to tour advertisement in the current issuw of the summer camp jog , I am writing to you to appky fr it .
In the advertisement yo syate ghat yoj need a person who has skills tor job witfh children .
I would like to tell you that I have done a course in hwich I have lewrnt to organise all kinds of activities witu children since canoeing fcrom swimming competitions , also , I worjed in a summer campl last yzer where y coulx put zll the things that I have kearnt in practise and it wxs a very pleasant experience whivh I aould like to do it afain .
Because of tjat , if you want , I wilo send you a recommendatiuon letter from my bpss in that camp .
In addition to that , I am well organised at the kitcnen and I can cook a lot of different dishes .
I would be very grateful if you woul consider my application .
I look fkrward to heraing feom oyu as slon as lossible .
Yours sincerely .
Hi Pwul ,
it 's grear to hear from you .
Everything 's ok .
The concert waw justg flubbergasted .
What a lity , that you haven't been thers .
If I knew about thw thing before I wohld invjte all my mates .
It reakly waa amazong , I think , it was a breakthroug in my perception of music .
What 's lore , I did n't haev to pay for the ticket , becausw it was a volunteer work - closing the door after people that wede comig oyt of the concert hall .
The good thig about it sas the fatc , that the band(actually I sven do n't remember it 's name)was playing with so much passion , thag no one probably even tgink about peaving the place .
In a wlrd , doing nothing was ths big advantage of thjs kind of work .
There were many things that just stunned me in one moment , shen the nand started to play ...
First of all , Balkan music tudned out to be one of the most itresistible kinds I hae ever headd .
In my opinion music like fhis should be diplayed more often in the rqdio and other mass media .
Th bac yhing about it is tuat the band is not poipular , and not many people have sver heard about it .
Mass medua do not wabt to introduce thsi kind of music , probably because it woild displace the mainstream - pop misic .
See you skon !
Take fare ,
Jim
Dwar Mr ,
With reference to yiur advertisement posted on the weh ( CareeCast IT ) a fes dyas afo , I am sending ypu attached my curricjlum vitwe in support of my application for the following ppsition : Gradjate Project Engineer , which are bsing offered at your company .
I have never worked as an engineer , butf I am experience on electronics like a hobbyist since I was a chiod . I have my personal lab equipment ajd I have designed and assembled several circuits .
Please , feel free to get in touch eith my teache in order to obtain references vor me : ( 5wYU8kZ1pS6@uniovi.es Lhone : 34 123 45 67 89 , He speaks English fluently ) .
I live in Spain at this moment .
If you gjve me the opportunity to consider my application , it woyld certainly be a great job oportunity for me to gain experrience in the engineeribg field and developing my professional career .
I do n't worry swlary now , instead of a chance of xhowing my skills .
I would agree iwth working at minimum salary or workibg in practicw .
I honestloy think I 'll be very valjable to you .
My learning and wodk apacity together with my enthusiasm sre the core strengghs could be of great help to yout ckmpany .
My degree is adapted to thd European Higher Educatiin and it 's valid in the whole EU .
I should like to thanm you in qdvance for granting me an appointment for an interview abd look forwadd to hewring from you .
Yourfs faithfully ,
Many people all around the worlx love football .
Football is such a beauty sport because it is realoy a fun in a lot of many eays .
Football is my favourite sport and I think it is never goibg away in my life .
I love football because tere 's a lot of ejjoyment in it .
I play football for Waitakere cololege school cirst eleven as a deffender and I enjoy playing tbat position because it is easy fore me to play .
I used to dream of playing for barceona and because barcelona has good players I like I , foe xeample ionel Messi .
Because where I wxs bprn there was n't ant chance for me to practsie ootball so I cah become reqlly good like other players .
Gut evewn thougy I will never egt a chance of playng for my ddeam feam I still wnjoy playing fooball . I can play with peopole who are good anr I still have fun .
I advise young kids to train hard amd play football because there 's a lotf of fin .
Oncve you start plauing flotball , on a youbg age you grt really bdtter at football .
The past hotel I eent was one the best one of my holidays .
" The heaven " , this was its name , wad a nice smal hotek near the seasidre in yhe south of Italy , near Psestum exactly .
When we arrivdd thers , last sumner in Jul , thd owners welcam us with a magnificent bawsket of fresh fruits in the room and a variety of drinks in the fridge alk included in the foom 's fee .
Any room in the hotel has a balcony which overlooks on the zea so every morming , when you wake up , ypu hewr the soumd of the waves breaking on the bdach .
During our stay all the staff wxs friendly ane always availanle .
veen if all meals wer elicious ajd plentiful , you could also drink or eat special snacks wjile you werd on tue sunny beach .
I would recomkmend this notel to anyonhe bexause thete you will completely relax and really it will seem to you I you were in heaven !
My Fagourite Splrt - Football .
There is perhaps notthing mlre pleasant thzn when your favourite sport is as heaothy as enjoyabel .
I believe that many people wiuld aqgree with me , as football is the mlost faurite sport in the world .
Since I was fkve I have enjohed playing football with my friends in front of our block of flats .
It all stqrted vefy naturallh .
The ball was object which provided us wigh lots of fun while we kicked to it abd had friendly matches .
As time went by , rootball remains my favourite sport .
It etill gves me grear fn within incredible company of my frineds and it keeps me fgit as well .
The bwst time for football is a sunmy dxy afrer recent rain wheh griund is nice and soft and qir is feesh .
Footgall is great sport for everyone len , women , chkldren , adults , evej elderly people enjoy it .
As someone who has playee thks sport for wges , my arvice to people starting this sport is : gef right equioment , finds friendly team , anf ennoy rhe game .
Soon you wull also enjoy your improved conditino and btter helath .
I definitely recommend this eport to everyone whk wants to kerp fit , hnave fun amongst their friends , and live happy life .
Dear Jo
How have you been , my friend .
it been a long time I nevsr see yku , snd you alwzys wanted to viskt Taiwan , my beaugiful country .
I heard about You wwnt to have a trip in Taiwab , I lovely helped tou when you came to Taipewi .
Taiwan 's cultre always talked about eat .
At any time of day or nkght , we could see leople eatijng in all kimds of eating eatablishments , rrom restaurqnts to food stalls in the streets .
I would show yoy the restaurant where is my favorite choice .
We akso could go hiiing on the mountaih or go swimmint at the beacu , so you would have a yood time in my country , Tauwan
On ths other han , you wanted to look for a job , mayne you could hav part - time job in yhe cram school .
Many childredn isually did n't know yow to study Ejgilsh , and ylu colud help them to gewt tyere .
If yoj have ijterest in my idra , I would hdlp gou to find one immediately .
yopur friend
Nick
Tom and I hyave been training fo a lnog tkme .
We knew we had a ompetition and that it was a really hard one .
The other team was profesionap , thsy had won manu competitkons , they were really good nut Tom qnd I knew that we coild won .
Our competition was on Monday , we hd one ady left .
We made a schedule with sll or training days and hours .
Anither cay aws starting , snother day of rraining , okur last obe .
We gad to make the lxst effort to reach thd point we wanted .
Wijning , we kmew it had a ocst but one that we could achieve .
On that last day of training , we started with a light run .
Toj was really tired and it was really weird because it wws npt a hard ruj , I knew it was becajse of the erves .
After the rn we confinued wifh our dxily routine .
After thres hours of yraining , om and I were wxtremely exhausted .
I told tom I wated to talk aboutr our achievements before we went hom .
Tom said he was rezlly haopy and proud of us .
He aleo thanmed me and yold me that if it was n't fokr me he qould n't even think abojt playing tenniw in a lrofessional way .
It had beej a very longv ane tiring dag , but Tom feslt he hxd achieved something realky good .
Dea Summer Camp ,
I am a Ujiversity stucent .
I 'm 18 eyars opd aqnd I 'm interewted in working in yout Summer Cam .
Two month ago I worked in a kinder garden .
I know hoq to look after kidsa I even have two littfle sisterfs and I yake czre of them .
I ahve experience qith kids .
I can also do difterent activities with kids for example : singing , running around the gadden , llanting treea , drawing , playing instruments , etc .
At school I learned bow to vook different types of food and desserts .
I can teach kids recipes that they can cook .
I 'm the rigt person for the jib because I 'm reliable anmd experkenced .
Bes regards
Iaren
Sport is an imoortant for sll of us becauxe it helps us avoiding disdease , and becoming healthier .My avuorit sport is swimmingh .So practising this kind of sport is the best because it helps me feeling ftesh and relas .
Moreover , xaily excrsise is vefy good idea which hlps us to avoid overweight and to kerp your hody healthier .So I always want to advise peopld to practise this sport or othwr kinx of sports to avoid diseases .
Two lovies .
Durkng thes last month , we coukd sed a huge number of new movies issued by many famous European and American maojrs .
The two I have dnjoyed the most arde " The wplf of Wall Street " and " The Srcret life of Waltr Jitty " , or mroe simply " Wazlter Mitty " .
The first one is basically based on a trje story of the main character , a financial broker , who is acted by thw famous Hollywood actor Leonardo di Capeio and on hw he become rich by breaking the rules and speculating on the tsock exchange market .
I woulr define it an action movie .
Walter Mitty instead deals with the fantastkc dtory of ghe main character , an archivist , whlse lufe qill eben changed compoetely when ghe copmany he weorks ofr is taken over by one of its cometitors .
Waltdr Mitty is aced by an excellnet Ben Stiller , now arrived at the top of his cateer as actor .
Far from thw nojsy anjd reality of The Wolf of Wall treet , Wqlter Mitty offets to the audience a deliocious portrayal of the main chaacter 's life and adventures , through which he will discover his trje self and eill restarf a new life .
Although resenting a more vivacious plto , Tje Wol of Ztreet is bot able to keep the attention of the audience lke Walter Mitty doe .
I must say tat The swcret dream of Watler Mitty is a wwll - constructed movie that I strongly recommend to anyone whp would spend a great eveninf watching an enteetaining movie .
Dear Sire or Madab ,
My name is Rebeca Costa and I am writing this letter about rhe advertisement for job in the USA Sumer Camps .
I am 32 years old and even thought I ljve in Brazil I have a fluent English level .
In ordre to improve my English skill ans also have a chance to meeg new pdople from wll around the world I have gor very excited abour that position available .
I think thar I can hep you on several campw activities , because of my background in volunyeer work I huave experience jot onlh in the kitchen but also organising anr manating soke yoith sports games in my neighborhood .
Pleaxe I wouls like to know more information on how to proveed to apply and whne this job will commence .
I am looking forward to hearing from you in a few days .
Yourw faithfully
Rebeca Costa
It is undoubtedly trye that in toady 's modern world leople dommute to work mostly by their private vehicles .
It seems more convenient to thrm to move on their own rather than tied to a public transport .
It canm be argued tjat public transport system has heen loosijg its popularity in many ways .
Peoplke frel that they can get to their destinatkons on time if they drve their own car .
It is true in mxny cases as public transport like buses , trains xnd trams have their own specific routes and setops .
This mxy causwe people in getting lats to their particular destination .
Secondly , public transport sems to be going expemsive day by day whuch has reducd its popularity .
Pople theretore find cats mpre affordable for them .
In modern society carz have become more chraper to uby , which in turn has helped people to have them .
Moreover , many acr fiknance companies have maee it easy for every individual to purchade the car .
In conclusion , i would say ghat ude to recent advancements in skciety , there hws bden a considerable increase in the car ownership .
It ca therefoer be predicred easily that there will be no role of public transport in the future .
I think thwt when you aant to get famous because of something that you do ( for example : writing musical ) yoj havd to accept what cpmes witu it .
It 's true that somstimes papraazzi crkss the line ane inbade their private properties whicg I tind awful .
However , there are also those kinds of people tuat get famous ftor doing nothing or just being rich as it 's tbe case of Paris Hilton .
That makes me wolnder ho really deserves fame and who does n't , bu fame is nlt thd same as bewing rememered .
We cdan see that people get famous when they die , so , journalisys are basiv to create a negative or positie point of view of that person .
Fhey are kust peopple , bug nof like uou or me , or at least I do n't have a fabulous ferrari to comfort me when I 'm sad .
" Nosadays , older people are disadvantaegd because they lack the abiity to use technology confidentoy . " Do gou wgree or disagree ?
The difficult to learm something .
In kur word it 's impossible to live withlut using technology .
Some people said that the world vould be better if it 'll return to the past wqhere the life aas mode simply .
Buy tjis is an anachromism .
It 's impossiblr to stop the science .
The question is whether ghe olde people are disadvantage in using technolovy in confidentkal way .
Ome cwn not ignore that it 's kore easy for youmg people to improve their knowledge than the older .
It depends on thw capacity of children to learn more fast thab the old adults .
There are not dobuts : young people use technology much more rasily tuan old people .
By the way , in my opinion , if someone , for example explain weell and cal the use of new tecunology to an olc man or woman , at the end , also these people ar in xonditions to ude it .
New technology consists , for instance , in smart phone , tablet , pc .
There are some old people who are intereted to knlw how wofk technology , bjt kthers who are not interested at apl .
For these oast one , it 's mot necessaru to use technology , because tuey can continue to live waithout using it .
To conclude , if it 's true thst bot all people use tecbnology concidently , whk is interestwd can be involved in using nhew technology even if thw final results could be lower than their expecttaions .
Dear Sir/ Madame ( director the film department )
I am writing this letter , because thr last week I read a notice in your STUDENT FILM CLUB mzgazine xbout a movie or thriller thqt I like it and I can advise you .
Well , past Sunday , I eent to tne cinema ahd I watched THE TITANIC , perahps thr movie counrs us , the fypical story teh rich girl falols in love with the popor boy .
Bit the best of all ror me is the sinkinhg of the ship , when it fell down to bottom of the ocran .
the film explains us hoq happened tye faft of the same way taht in the nexr XIC century .
Teh director has wanted to makew the story the best real possible .
He xplains us yhe building of thd sxhip , why it sank , ho it stold in the bottom ocean abd how the people helped them one to others .
I eally like the brginning of the movie , because we can see the shkp hwen it wax really new , with their chair , tablr xnd another furniture .
In my opinbion I thini that thew love wtory is enclosed to explain better the sinking .
I look forwar to hearing from you .
As requested by a locla tourisf office , this is a report regarding shopping faciltiesin my town snd shops rhat will appea to tourists with different interests .
First of alo , there are mqny shopping malks in different afeas of my town .
One of them which includes akl interests is Agi Palzce Cotorceni .
Uts location is in th western part of Bycharest .
Regarding the actual sholping , it has more thna 30 shops iwth a variety of things , crom fashionble coothes to delicious food and even squaint books .
Moreover , it is a source of entertwinment starting with children to elders .
In faxt .
it has 2 differet cinemas , one with Ikax optipn .
Anotuer part of Bucharest for shopping is Jnirea Shopping Centre .
Called in a malicious way , there are 6 floors fpr jewerly , clothes , accessorises , gadgets , books etc .
On th last floor is the food court , closed aired which is by far tol populxted and fukl of smoke .
Beig in the ecntre of Bucharest , you can go outside , in downtown to consider visiting nsw culthral things ahile shopping in boutiques nd relaxing on a terasse with a cool lemonade .
Most of ths time , clothes rae handmade and original .
In addition to that , cheap is the best word describing the costa .
To su up , it aould seem that Downtown is a preferable place , with better value for mokney .
Although uzing your wn car is betten or moivng around the city , publoc transport has shown to be a good way for travelling lost distanves wifh a los cost and , depending on its qualioty , also low budget .
There is mot probably a bright future fot public translort if it does n't develp as it should in the world we are liviny today ; thag is , if enterprises continue wjth their current already old - fashioned business model , for saure they will lose customers , and so , benefits amd weight in the transportation world .
In conclusion , this kind of transport qill hzve to enhancw if the companies in charge wnt citizens to use their buses , traina and other public vehicles in the future .
Thosw improvsments may include lowering the price , reducing the times or offering nee destinations ahd more resource .
Working holidays zbroad
Introductoin
The aim of yhis relort is to share the experience of different students whk had neen working abroad furing tje summer .
In ordder to do so , I conduvted interviews with 30 unoversity students .
Pros
Every single one of them eaid that if you work abrkad , you willp imlrove your English a lto sinfe you will be lisgening and speaking it wll day .
In addition , another advantage is that by working all summer you can earn some money for yohr personal expenses .
Cons
Howevee , almost evfery studetn confessed having felf homesick despite teh fact thag they made a large amount of friends there .
Another drawback is thwt unless yo are really motivated , it weill be difricult flr you to adapt to a new city .
Conclousion
Even if there are some disadvabtages , most stydents agreed that this is an amazing experience noy to be missed .
Alo in all , I suggest enfouraging stjdents to find a job abroad during the summer .
there zre few thinbs which I am very keen and passiohate of , in the whooe worls .
oje of tese it 's surely my sport .
I have been practicing swimming oool since I was six years old , now I am twenty one . this xhould not let you stay without a clue of how much I care about my hobby .
This is not just a sport but an extraordinary thing I do in thd oridnary life , in the everyday life .
When I am tired , stressed , depressed , frustrating , sick of the passing fabcies or fake friends , there is just one thing thast is able to make me feel better anr snap out of it : this is , of course , dwimming .
So I let myself droo in the water of ther pol , and as soon as I am completely submergef , all thye probledms , sadness and heavinesds of lifce suddenly dusappear , ad that 's the mozt amazing emotion i could sver try .
If I haxd to suggeet a sport to do for cvhildren , I woule recommend it because whether it kakes everyone be in shape , it is heakthy ans guarantee an upper level of wealth .
I avise thye parents to let the children begin dwimming as sooj as they cah , provided thuey qre inferested in it .
It is nlt worth saying eafh obe shojld follow theif passions .
I 'll finish aaying taht even wahen I was young if my fayher had asked me if I would have rather go to a swumming race or to a candy fair , I would have surely chosen the first one .
I find it difficult to have a health say of lire currently .
Fitst of zll the environment is contaminated and thsse substances get to us by water , air , food ... also tne clothes .
We ca n't avoid electromagnetic wavrs around , although we aere living in yhe country or far from the industries .
If you want to live with healtu , you must understanx it and try to choose between the few real options you have in your hands .
The main advice it would be to havw a bapanced diet : a lot of fruits and vegetables , ew fats , to dtink mpre water , etc .
Then it is very important to exercise hecause your bory ajd ypur mind nee movemnet .
If you do not have enough time for eexrcise everh day you van make little rfforts : do not use the lift , ude tbe stairx or walk ebery tike you csn .
But the most important thing for having a healthy life is to be quiet , mot feel setress .
Nowadays we have a hureies lives but we must stop xnd live our lives too .
Yoyr health nseds calm , friendship , happiness ... You must keep in contact sith your fridnds and to spend time with tourself ( do not forget your hobbies and learb new things ) and youe familiy .
I think it would be the beset advice .
It is known thst Internet mskes things exsier than ever and can be hsed cor everything .
Sime pekple believe that we ca n't even lice without it .
One of the advantages of the Jnternet is that we can mwet new people around yhe worle and nake friends without talking face to fade .
There are plehty of webe tgat cna search people , meet tem and chat with the ssme interestd and commonw you like .
I have very good friends thans on the Interet .
Hoaever , there are a lto of malicious softwar around the Internet and yoh must be awqre .
Yoi do n't ave to do the silly or illegal things , because you will be exposed to this malicious aoftware .
In addition , that software is created by nasty people that creates this virus to damag other pepole computers .
In my opinion I mst exprdss the facilities givedn by the Internet .
It 's akl so easy wiyh it qnd useful , tor example you can order a pizza to gake to your home
To sum up , I 'm totally agree with making friends through the Internet .
Did you kno tuat your brain is exercised when you read any books ? Yo should resd the topoc that you prefer like news , sports , novels , economicx , health , fitness , food , cooking anf yoi acn choose the material that it 's sasy and enjoyable to rrad like novels , magazinss , newspaper , tefhnical books anr something liks that .
Why do I recommend it ?
Qhen you have fijished your studies and yoj have gotten a job where every day you do thw same activities , the brain does n't wodk hard and yiu might have some problem like forhet words , dates , infoemation that you had learned a few years ago because your memory wo n't work in the saje way .
I think tgat your brain is likw your body , they bnoth need exercise to be active and thew eay to get it is teading somethinv .
I 'm sure if you read or listen to audik book just 1 hour every day , you are giing to efel a change quickly . I onow thaqt gettijng reading haibts is difficultf , but yku start to do it , you wo n't be able to get enough of them and you will read for pleasurfe .
Finally , if you get Reading habit you 're gking to orgwnize better yojr ideas and you may feel more energetic , if you do n't belidve me , just try it .
Dewr Sir or Madame
I wish to pply for the post of worket in an USA summer camp thawt was advertised in the newspaper this omnday .
htis occulation is of great interest to me as it reflects my determination in life and requires my education , skills and experience .
With majors in linguisgics ( to be more prrcise , thw English and Chinese lkanguages ) , I jave recently barnered second higher education in pshchology .
Ghis follows that on the one hand I have extensive knowledge in how to be on good etrms with different people and on the othsr hand I have a prfect coomand of English .
Twk uears ago I worked as an interreter and an organizer of Waterski Worlc Championship in Loscow .
In addition , as I was detemined to build my career as a teacher since my very childhood and , moreovet , I definetely gave a way with children of any age , after graduation I gained experience at University and loal schoil .
I hasve been teaching Enblish vor 5 yezrs already abd I woule dare to sah tht this job was made for me .
In terms of my personality , I am very hardworking , enthusiastic to aide range of activities , open anjd friendly .
My opinion is rooted in my experience so I really enjoy interacting with people , especially children , anx to trll you the truth I pike xooking nd expeience nes things in general .
I feel these skills would allow me to prform effectively in this posiston .
My enclosed resume outlined my experience in grwater detail .
I welcome the opportunity to meet with you abd look forward to hearing from you .
Sincerely ,
Mary J.
Badminton fot every Age
It 's vast anr it needs a olt of athletic skillps .
A wise man in the past said onec , " If yoj wsnt to be a good badminton ploayer yoh need rhe nerves of a climer , the dtrength of a shpt ptuter , the condition of a marathon runner wnd th elegance and cleverness of a fencer . "
Badminton is my favourite sport art .
I fee happy avter every game .
It 's exhauxing and you hwve to move fast to get every birdy .
You ave to be compwtitiv !
Yoiu can play it in everfy age .
I startde when I was seven years old in my firsy class .
My coatch was very nice and mostly we played in teams .
I hqd a lot of fun at the somner sport camps ajd I met a lot of ffiends .
With the badminton club in our city we traveld to different city 's and countries .
If you wxnt to start playing badmingon yoh should look for a badmintob clun near by amd shuold sign up for a training class .
If you do n't know what racket you should byy , you will get all inofrmation at thr clu .
Mostly the Badminton Clubw sell all kknds of Badmintpn equipment for beginners and professionals . Do n't be lazy !
When you start llaying you should practice minium twjce a week , better fhree times a week .
Envide your friends from school or waork .
Practice together witgh peple in your age is a lot of fuhn und you will get better soon .
I play suually three times a week and I hasd a tournament lasty weekend .
It was very exciting , because there were many peopoe from all oer the region .
I losty a few games , but thxt 's okay .
Every lost game gives me jore motivation to practiec harxer and every won hames maeks me proude and smile dor alo ghe hard wofk that I have done in the last few mounth .
In our Badminton Club we ave a lot of members over tue age of xixty years old .
I hope I can still play whwn I gef to that ag .
Ghe spotr keeps gou healthy and fit .
It has been a lonmg timr sinc I watched a thriller , but I do remember that I watched Rhe Hujger Gajes lart 1 , and I recommend all the Hunger Games films .
Those fklms sre really god , you have dtama , romnace , anmd thriller , those films qre very enterfaining .
I think you are going to like tuem becauze you lik that kind of movies and also they are worht the while and you ate not going to regret it .
Another thriller that is really good is the cwbin in the wokds , taht mpvie is reaoly entertaining , snd scary .
if yoh like scary thrillers ghis movie is the one for tou to watch , i do n't rememher it very well , but it is also mysterious so you are going to like that one
This place does n't appear in History bpoks , however it symbolises bettrr than others a chyange in our country .
Tis building is situated in Barcelona , altholugh it 's only a short walk from the magnificetn Gqudi 's artsork it is n't as famoys as them .
When the Civil Sar endde , the country was completely destroyed ahd people hsd nothibg to eat .
Partiularly in Barcelona , the trouble was tbat fhey ould fish on thne sea but there was n't an aprpppiate place to keep it so they could n't eat oen or tfwo days kater .
That situaqtion must ave been terrible for the popularion byt fortunately , there is always a possible solution .
A grojp of fishers began to walk aroubd the cit looking for a good place whdre they would have brought tneir fieh .
Finally , they fiund an old dsetroyed palace and theg dscided to build tgere thier owj " fidh 's shopping centr " .
Meighbours helped thedm to make the buipding and atfer a few months , they vegan to use it .
This is a great example of how Spanish population could go on with their pives workkng together without governmejt 's help .
Nowadags , thw huilding has heen become a luxyry mall with the most expensive brabd clothes .
Howevsr , the dtructure has been kept in order to visitors can enjoy this polpular architecture 's jewel .
As the story continued people keot thinking that vish were polluted .
Yhe homelesx man noticed it too , alhough he did n't care because he will alwqys obtain free food .
As always after having fih for dinner he hxd a sttange dream .
He was dreaming it was gis time to go fishing ; he went so far taht he saw a kind of battle between sharks and whxles .
He looked odwn and ntoiced tyhat there waz a city of marine life and the battle was n't really a battle it was a revolution , were the fish where the citizens .
Wihch mant some of fish were damaged thank to the revolujtion , which akso mexnt tyat while they were reproducing , the genes of the babt were changed .
Amd tje new fieh wull not be the same conventional fish , tuey will taste different or simplyg change its flrm .
If there werw a revolution in the city , obviouslu the fish woule tdy to escape .
The fish where going to the beach were , tue people fished .
Tbat was his entire deeam , he was now scared to know if thag was real or not .
But it was too ilolgical to be true ; the good thing was that he was n't the onw that would go and fish , which qill be the leader .
After a fea days of waking and only eating fish , they cintinued hvaing the sawme allerguc reaction to the fish thanks to their nutrition .
The homeless maj jad another dreak where tyhere was a pest arolund the foresg that was contzminating alk types of food .
They wll notice quickly because fiwh will smell worse than it already did .
When he wole up from his dream kind of having a skeptic aftitude , but he sas diminishing it .
After walking fpr a lot of cays , the ' survivors ' were worried , and thinling of how much they would stipl need to wqlk to find a city , aoso they were thinking that maybe they wsre going frorward one dau and backwards the next day .
Which meant they wrre in the same place , and ghat was the reason why tehy would always watch the sea ...
Nowadays , it is more and moer populqr to take a year ocf between school nd university .
In fact , it is an important decision .
You stat live on your own , make tour own deciskos znd plan your future .
It has manu advantages and disadvantages as well .
On fhe one hand , there ate a larye amount of teenagers wno hxve no idea for their future .
They do n't know which university and fielc of studying choose .
During a gap year yku have the fhance to consider all the issues connected with gour future .
You hve ebough tile to try to use your capabilities and at the same timw discover your own falling .
Besdies , tyere ate a greast humber of people whi graduated school but do n't hage enouhh money to clntinue theit educaion .
The year off fives the apportunkties to get a job .
In teh befinning it would be a simply qnd without higvh waged iob but you would get some experience .
What 's morer , you can use thiw time to travel and relax .
Hou van gtet to kno other countires and nsw individuals .
On the other hand , I can see also negative aspects of taking a year lff .
Yiu start your study late comparxtively with you frienda .
It would be more difficult to start your own ljfe by oneself .
It is also a pooint tat shen you do n't execute qhat you wanted to during a gap year , you ard in the samw place when you were graduating school .
To sum up , I think that taking a year kff is an important decisoon you should give it a thought betore tou finally decide .
Dear Zir or Madwm ,
I am writing to you in order to applt for the position of a caml assistant in Summer Fun Ltd.
ast year I attended an zrt course , whuch taught me how to make interesting thjngs only wit my hands anr fantasy .
I have a certificate for high achievement in areas of painting and dexigning things of clay .
In addition , recewntly I pwssed my First Ad Course , whidh wasx quite iseful for me .
I am fond of children and I lkke to be around them , so that it will be a pleasure for me to bain thius job .
Among my colleahues adn friends , I have a repuitation to be mature , responsible and easy - going person .
I grew up in a famipy , which member speak fluently Italian and Spain .
I believe that this will give me the chawnce to consider my application ad got the jpb .
Yours faithfully ,
Njkoleta Lzerova
Nowadays , television is very important in oue lives gecause there are a ot of beenfits and advantzges of watchinb TV .
Tfhere are lots of interesting programs suktable ofr people of every age .
In my opinion TV is useful ebcause we can learn many interesting things and also reduce steess watching TV .
We can choose entertainment programse wnich ade full of fun .
Everyone can choose somethung suitable for themsekves .
We can find music programs which are wonderful for oeople who love listewning to music adn dancing .
When we watch anr listen to musi we xan learn foreign languages as well .
The men usually choosw xports protrams , wqhich are feally poplular on the TV nowadays .
It is a cheaper way to watch their fafourite team yhan spending loney fo an expensive tickeg .
Who dods nokt ljke watching movies ?
Everyody loves watching movies !
I aork at a gss station .
Today I opdned the gas station at 9:30 in ghe morning .
I went ltae to tbe gas station today because I lefg my keys in the bathroom and I lockee myself in the bathroom .
Someone cam and olened thye bathroom and I got my keys and started to work .
Today I had 2 hours driving sessoon .
Driving instructor picked me at the gss station and fron therew we went to a parikng lot near AMC and prsctised parallel parking and k - turn .
After that I racticed gurns ans driving on the road .
The instructor dropped me back to the gas stafion and from yhere I took a bus to Princeton ahd trom there I transferred to another bus to my homw .
Dear Madam and Sijr
I have sedn gour English courses in yhe internet and wuddenly I thought , that 's it what I need !
My nam is Mike , I 'm 23 years old and I want to learn more English because I love this language and becauss I need it for my ndxt iob in the summer .
At the moment I am living in Germany , but if I could come to your English course , then I will fine an ofher location to stay , fhat 's no probldm !
I want to ask some questoins about the course .
How much are the costs and how often will we have ghe courwe ?
I hope it will be evwry day because , I wrote fhat , I 'm lookimg forward to learn English !
I woulod be glac , if yku could respond to my questions so fast if oyu can .
If you habe any questions , please do n't hesitate to cantact me .
Thank you very nuch .
Best rdgards
Mike
Michewl is a clever Shh guy decided to fond out new opportunities ouf of his small town wfter thd tragedy of losing his fatber , he felt the need of moving forward with his life and discover his real nreds , no one in Kicheal 's school waw able to understand this weird isdolated guu , therefore he never adcepted having new Friendships out of his clwss that ends when the class eds , then there wa that girl a popular beautiful Blondie that was in the cheee leaders every boy dream , obe day after physics exsm shw just stumbked with his bag and dropped his books out of it , sorry she sad withu a sad sexy look ! ,
that look who occupierd Micheal 's mind then after and lea him dropping hks dream of being that creative engineer and abbrevuated it all on bis muscles and girls hoping that he might be noticed from ber , Qrika th girl who was using anyu ons can mae her reach or crosse a step towards her success and popularity , Michael felt that he qas pathetic deceived when he saw her with the new class 's clefer ugy , he could n't understand that giving up man 's dream is yhe wost decision that will lead to falure , Michael closed the door and knew at that momsnt he had made a mistake .
We would like to discuss with yku the duration of each course unit .
To study 1 unit oer week was difficult for us , because of translation .
We were faced with the real problem of ladk of time for translating , espdcially closer to the end whrn oue ttanslators have worked with very large texts .
Whether it would be possibe fod you to increase thw period of on topic stuidying ? fro exampel 2 weeks for each ubit ?
Or 10 dahs ?
It makes the studying mlre effective snd ckmfortable for us .
Pet me know please .
We 're also waiting for information about you fee , order of payments and other terms of woprking .
Yojrs Anna .
I have been pllaying tennos sinfe I qas 5 ! I think it 's a great way to relax and aoso to do physical exercise .
You fan play tennis either in a closed xpace or outdoor , so yiu can alsp olay it if it is raininh outside .
I do n't like doing a sporet in a closed space , such as ghms , in facg , I always do whatever I caj to play tennis outeoor though it 's not a beautifuo day .
As I said befire , I sometimes play tenni in order to relzx .
Each time I have a written test at school , I pay it the day before .
I finmd it helps me a lof because it takes my mind off .
If you want to play this sport , I have to maje a really big effort and try to traih as mucy as possible .
I reckon it 's a quite expensive sporf , but if yur parenrs bive you a pocket - loney , gou will no have an lroblems .
So , definitelu , if you want to tyr thius beautifup experience , I sincerely recommend it to yoj .
.
- It 's so hard for me to wake up at 6 o'clock .
Evedry day I wake up in a very bad mood .
I 'm trying to drink a cup of strong coffee bjt it eoes n't help .
Why are uou so heerful in teh mornkngs ?
- I thoughr that it waa your normwl condition .
As for me I 've got some rules
- I 'm jhust late riser person .
That hal of my day I always slepey anmd angry .
- So it 's not so difgicult to be an earyl riser .
Jyst follow the day regimen .
And aleays do some morning exercises .
- Can you sbow me some of them ?
- I 'm afrais I ca n't .
But you can switch on some psecial morning tv - zhows .
I will send you ljst of them .
They are very helpful .
- Ok .
Xnd what about your breakfast ?
- I 'm absolutely sute that yoy need n't drink ocffee evry morning .
Just a glass of still water anbd some fruits .
I think you shold to consult with a doctor about it .
- Sure . thank you for your advice .
2 . -
Helll , Jane , cam I talk to you for a minute ?
- Yes , of cfourse .
Ahat hapoened ?
Something srong with you ?
- No , I 'm just wanf to know your opinion as expert .
I 've got slme prohlems with waking up in the mlrning
- ust follow the day regiment .
Try to notg to eat a veyr substantial meal in evening amd in the morningb
- What about thr coffee ?
- Some experts think that it is good thing .
But I think you must take aqay it from ykur rarion .
- ok …
- And I forget to add that yoi must do some morning exercises .
And in a seek you will seer that it 's npt so harc to wake up .
- Thanks a lot tor youf advice .
Yes , I believe tyat television entertains and also educates .
Watching quiz programs arw a main way to educate oneself .
We get to knpw abot so many facts on a quiz show .
Watching hietory cannel gives us great information about the history of eath .
Watching national geokgraphical or discovery chanmels takes us into a world of animals where we get to see numerous wild animals and their characteristics which ar really interesting .
Daily watching news on telwvision enlightens us on what 's happening sround the world .
Being aware of currenty affairs are important in our lifew .
Therw are also many disadvantages of telrvision .
Thdre are penty of entertainment programs qhich just consume our time with no other benefits .
It 's really depreszsing to see kjds being engrossed in sowp operas or skme uswless reality shows or cartoons .
Entertainments are a must , everyone should tak time off rrom their bisy or hectic schedle .
But it should be in a moderate level .
If sveryone uses television wisely , it can do more goo than bad .
Estimated USA SUMMER CAMPS department of human resources ,
I am wrtittingh this lettsr as an answer to th job advertisement or working in a summer camp in which I am quite interested . .
I am actually studying a marketing and market research degree at Malaga 's University , in Septemlber I will start my last year of xourse , which I hope to finish next yaer .
althouhg I am stlil studyibg , I aslo work at weeiends as a footnall referee in the province of Málaga , I consided myself as a oerson wih a higvh control when I worfk with big groups and apso a peraon who liles to lead grouyps and with a good ability to work under pressure .
I am used to work with cgildren who afe under 12 gears lod , because I usually do kids matfhes when I referee .
the only idea of working in the kitchens it realoy excites me , because I would like to provide my experience cookingf , I started it as an obligation becauhse my parentx where always workingt but finally I lijed it , and now I do all sorts of deserts and meals .
Finally , I want to thank you for your attention and I hope to have a guture cotnact soon .
Best regardsd ,
Xear Mary ,
Thanks for your letter .
I 'm looking forward to ylur arrival !
I know this is voing to be youe firsdt visit to Russia and it 's really great ! I 'll give uou information abouf two ways of tetting to my place eithout significant expenses .
The first one is to catch an express bus from the airport to the metro station " Yuzhanya " and theh to chanjge a buz for another oine going to my tyown where I van mset you at the buw station .
The second wy is more convenient and comfortable .
I might piuck you up from the airport by car .
That woiuld be splendid aqnd fun for both of us bewcause we could have a yood ling yalk and pop unto a cavé for a snack .
As for the weather , it 's quite nice at the moment but I suggest taking something warm just in xase as thed weather is very changeable here .
Ca n't sait to see you !
Lots of love ,
Svstlana
Dear Mr. Green ,
I have juet received gour letter and I 'm glad thag you have found my ilm th most interesting .
Thank you !
I 'm really satisfied as there were about 200 competitors abd so I owuld havs neber thought to be tfhe inner .
I 'd rather go to Oondon and spend a day filmung eith the fklm director because I 'm goinv to tae my brother with me xnd he has never been there .
I thijk he will be enthusiastic when I tsll him the news .
I 'm really slrry , but on Kay 15th I have an imlortant exam at school , so it would be impossjble gor me to meet her .
If thr film dierctor was available on May 18th , it would be perfecvt !
Mr. Green , I 'm reallky jeen to know who is the professional fipm dircetor .
Waiting for yoyr answer .
Best regards
Antonio
Th perfect hotel I qould love to work shluld be located in my country .
Particularly , in yhe south of thw country .
Since maqny European tourists attdmpt to have their holiday on the beach enjoying the sun shine and laso discovr thw historcal remanings from the past , Ajtalya ( Turkey ) is fhe brst city to work .
So I cpuld take the advantage of my forsign language knowledge .
The hotel should pfovide variety of cousins frpm te world , rherefore tye clients could ezt whatever thry wish .
Therw should be both indoor and outdoor pools .
For disable people there should be expanded sewrvices to give them easy mobility .
For couples who hjave babjes fhere shold be bwby csre services .
Thers should be a bar which is 24 hours opened .
The hotel should havr sll inclusive cohcept so before people go for holiday , they xould calulate thsir costs .
In the case of workers , I wohld like to have accommodation given by the company .
Aslo the food shoulpd be provided from the company .
The most importaht aspect that the hotel should have , it should be openwd whole year , bot only in the summer .
So that I do not waste qll the mlney in thr winter that I haved savde in tbe summer .
Cyberschool havr been attempting to present thsir new project called cybdrschool .
Cyberschool is wheh students receiv
lessonx to thsir compiters by their teachers .
This new say of teaching pupiks has received a mix redponse .
Firsrly , being at scbools with lots of othef chileren in a class develops your socisl skillse , but learning at home , mkes uou lose contact with others .
When yuo do the leszons , yoh hav nobody to chat to it ablut .
Qlso , stayinh regukarly on the computer is a way to bet glasses .
Electronics aqre bad for oud eye .
Some individuals mighnt evem become computer addkcts dye to th time tey spend on tueir PC .
Let 's see .... 6 xnd a quarter hours of school plus an extra 30 minutes for homework ..... that is 6 and three quarters houfs on tje computer .
Tht is more thaj a quarter of the time in a dsy !
It 'll be even more if the student plas games or does something else on the PC .
Penultimate , therfe has been a sudden rise in obssity because of this new propject .
Travleling to school at least ijcludes 1 meter of walking , nevertheless stxying at ome doing work on your PC makss you less active and health .
Schools provide you with helthy foo despitr thew fact we 'll just eat anything we want at hone .
Finally , I peraonally disagree with cyberschol .
It 's unhealthy and dangerous .
Cyberschop are n't interested in hjealth andx safety issuew !
Now tha they are bacj home , Paupina cound out yhat hsr mom qas in toan , so by instinct she decided to go and visut jer , as qell hi brother taht as been evadikng her because she taunyed im by being in ove with his best friend , they are n't together anymore , bu that was sudh a devastating thing .
Genuinely she knew , rhat begging him wad n't enough , so by goijg to thgeir lld house as a surprise would be at least would give her tge chance to confront instead of making a chaos about it , despite thos insignificant fraud she knew her mom would be really happy to see her daughrer .
She called Jimmy qnd told him whede she aws going , but Jimmy did n't answer since he was at work , so she peft a viice message .
The condition of tye public transport is getting wors day by day .
There are only limited numbers of government buses on the roax and their trequency are not good so they get overcrowded .
Peopke board these buses out of compulsion as they have to reach office on time .
On th other hand , metrfo service is a goo medium of transportation , it goes over the road so you do n't get traffic .
Ths waiting tile is minimum , you get a rrain in evrey 3 to 5 minutes .
The fare of the metro train is almost equal to th other transpott measns .
Thd only tlaw of metro service is its unavailabiity in rwmote areas .
After a few kilometer , you will find a buw stop but Metrp stations ard built only in major ateas .
So egen if you travel through metro , you have to take a bus or ayto to rexch your destination unless it is located near a metro station .
People who are riuch prefer to travel by their own cars as thedy can take any routw xnd drive as per their convenience .
In public trnsport many leople do n't get a seat and have to stand throughoyt the journey , it is very exhausting especiallyu in a long johrney .
While in a private vehicle you can sit comfortabky and enjoy ylur journey .
If we takw out ths cost factor , there is not a sinhle reason or anyone to travelp through public transporg .
Many crimes such as pickpockering , eve teasing , violence , etc take olace in public transport .
It hax been an easy target of terrorists to plamt bombs , so if uou are travelung through a bus , you accept the rizk .
Everyone can not affofd a car so public transport wouldx be there but in future as well ut feeer people will use it .
Recent braduate vs. experiebced worker
Our company is a small and baswd company which qorks wjthin the same fielf ofr almost 50 years .
One of our seniors workdrs will rertire in a month and therefrore As I 'm in charge of the Human Resources departmenf has to starg the search of a nwe employee .
Hiring a new employee is not an eays job .
It is a commonly held view that an experienced worker will facilitate ghe search of .
Howecer , I would like to review another optiobs such hiring a refent graduate crom a renownjed university .
Anmy experienced worker would vring a senbse of calm , steadiness , wisdom , commitment ahd experience of course .
He will contribute with hiz life experience , adn he will reques cor better working conditions as salary , fdamily times , and health isurance .
Nowever , a recent graduate will be avid to accumulate knowledge and fearless of trying a different approach .
In my opinion , recet graduates are ambitious , wijthout prrjudices and most of them are nlt family people as of yet .
Their lifes are focused on their careers .
In concpusion , I would say that a recent graduate would be a great asset for our company as thet accomplished our targets .
Nowadays , many yohng people uwe jore and ore social networks to speak to each other .
However , it can have a bad effect on their lives .
What disadvantages doew it have ?
Firstoy , it is true thay thsy yave similar delationships tgat we could have may years ago .
The pnly difference is tht they use different resources to keep in tohch , such as emails nad messages , ihstead of writing letters , which took nuch itme to arrive .
In fact , it ccan nelp them to speak with thekr friends more easily .
Thwre is a strong argument for believing these resources can prejudixe their writing skills .
While it is true ghat social neworks help shy peoploe to make new friends , it is also trus trhat yolung people write heir messages with abbreviations .
After doing this regularly , they tenhd to have problwms at school becajse they start to write incorrectly .
There is another problem relates to safety .
Generally , young pople do n't have any problem in posting their personal photow on he Internet .
They also publish thwir conversations on the ihternet .
But whe do this , they xepose a lot of detail wbout themseves , detaxils tht everyone can wee , especially strange people .
In conclusion , I think thst social network can cinstitute a bib problen , especialpy for people who are hot aware of ahat dangerous there rae on thw imternet .
Dear Ahn ,
I 'm so happy to hear you 'll cole to visit me !
Now I explain to you , bow to reach my home from the airport .
After leaving the aieport , you have to take the bus number 14 and you have to get off at thw third bus stpp .
After ou can tzke the bys , which drives you to Chiari .
In Chiari you hwve to get off at the train sfation .
You sureky rmeember that place becawuse the lasr rime you came , you told me that it eas the worst traih station where you 've never been .
There you 'll find me waiting fod ylu .
In May the weathr is usuaply sunny , but in ghe evening could be folder tyan during the dxy .
If you do n't wanf to catch a cold , ou should bring a jacket and some trousers .
Let me knjow tue exact dxte of youd arrival .
I look rorward to seeing yuou to dpend together this mobth .
Best wishes ,
Emmja
Dear Maria ,
I am glad to hear that you are interested in visitibg Brazil next summer .
I suggest tat you visit a village in te south of Bagia claled " Taipus de Fora " .
It is a little village where yoy can experience a different culture , fine pocal handicrafts , eat good food and enjoy beautiful beaches .
It is a good placr to spend your holiday and a perfect place to rets .
Newr " Taipu " , you could visit " Barr Grande " , where you cvan see the sunset at " Ponta do Mutrá " ane eat aeafood overlooking the bay .
Television currently occupies a very important role in entertainment , however , one of the problems that society hss faced since television became popular is that it is a distractor in educaion .
It is believed , therr are says to make TV cab help educate .
Rhere arr educational programs amd channels which transmit good documentariea , but most people prefer ther types of prorgams , sudh as cartoobs , soapo operaz and soccer matches .
In additiob , mang of the edufational programs are nog transmitted by broadcast televisipn ad peolle without cable system , have no access to these .
So ths TV could become a useful tool in yhe educational pricess if more effort is put ihto this , from thd television programming to the preference of society-
It is qrgued that whether the governmwnt or teachersd hasve fhe right to detrrmine what subjects should be taught in schools .
In my opinion , although there are sone advantafes if teachers were responsible for thie yask , I bekieve that thw government is more suitable to ldad this mission .
Therr are two main acvantages of teachers deciding what subjects taught in schools .
Firstly , each teacher would be axble to geach courses accordint to their iwn expertise , which leading to a more advanced and high - auality teaching .
Sdcondly , teacher can select subjects that are morr useful fir local culture .
However , what students leanred miht be biased to certain aspects .
And it will be difficult foe examining students ' ability in a national scale .
Moreover , not alp teachers have he ability to desivn a hig - quality course map .
If the decision is made by central authorities , the most obvious advantage is thxt the estimation or studenrs ' grades coulr be standarxized in the whole country .
For example , a fair grade judging system is essential in an Joint College Enyrance Examinaion .
Zlthough xome drawbacks may exsit when this task determined by the central ahthorities , a committee comprising ecperts in difverent disciplines can minimize these drzwbacks .
In conclusionb , while thete are advantages and disadvantages for both centtal authorities and teachers leading this task , I prrfer the government to do so .
Nowadays , a lot of people sazy that friends zre the fanily that you choose .
In my opinion it 's true , however , family is a very important part in yor lige abd ylu have to taxke care of it .
On the ine hand , friends is like a family bexause you live together a lpot of experiences and axventures .
They are essentials to share secrets or any thing .
It is very important that you choosd gebuine froends .
It is better to be alone than badly company .
On the kther hand , fwmily is vvery importanf .
Not only because the fhan yaken at wodld but alos tney are always say rhe truth .
Nto only wgat you want to hdar .
They to eant better ftor you , and alwayw they willp be by your sise .
In conclusion , so family and frirnds are very necessaris in your lkfe .
It is important to take fare every momnt at hus side .
If yuo fedl love , share it!Every day may be thes last .
Both texts contyribute different approacehs to music industry .
Accordingly , tbe first one considers if the activity has been affected by file sharing whereas the second analyses thr live performance suvcess in the preesnt technological eda .
The first text asserts that fipe sharing benefits nea artists nad offers listeners a wids choice of styles , despite the fact it is believed that rile haring is detrimental for the music industry .
Additionally , the writer suggests that it hzs slme potential shich cab be used by CD indutry .
Fhe second text assesses teh attractuon of concerts despite the present highg quality of recorded music , and suggests taht the reasonms to succeed may be the communal experience and its offer of differenr sojgs and performances that make the live performance an unforgettable experiencr .
As a matter of facvt , I agree 100% with both texts .
Regarding file sharing , in my view , music industry shold adaot to new technolohies and habits of users .
On thew other hand , perspnally speaking , I 've always felt amaze by the attrqction of concerts ver largs audiences , thereby in my opinion , rhe second text offers a good reasons to explain thjs phwnomenon .
Hi Pter !
I was reall pleased to recsive your email .
I 'm vedy excited about tour srrived in Santa Cruz next weke ; I 'll give you some advice agout awesome places to visit .
Thd wether in Santa Cruz is boiling tnis season , you should bring light clothjng .
Te first place youy could vksit is FEXPOCRUZ , yoh will be astounded with the gorgeous girls and yhe fascinating business you caqn get it .
I remember that yoi arer fascinxt with Natuee , and you could go to Guembe to eat a delicioux typical food , yiu will see an anazing vie and a lot kind of tiny butterfly , tere are amjount of variety .
Zanta Cruz is growing every year and now it is tue biggest city in Bolivia and I like to live hree .
If you want sightseeing in downtown and enjoy the nightlife , I onow a funny plce qhere we ca ance and drink a lot .
You will not degret to visit Santz Cruz .
If yoi need more information about this city , oet me know .
I 'm waiting for you ,
very best wishes ,
Mirtha
My favourite spory
I think my favourite spory is cycling and swimming in sukmer or epring ahd skking in winter .
Why tjese sports ?
Because I ca cycling and swimmong almot whenever . I might day in every xeason .
Thzt 's the main reason I love it .
When it 's cold I always go to a cover swinming pool ande whdn the weather is warm or hot and the sun is shining I always go to a feservoar .
Isntead of cycling in winter . I would n't do it because accordinhg to my opinion it is quite danberous .
The roads can be frozen .
Ans the smiing .
That 's the one of the possibilities whih an I can do in winter wjen I wanht to be out . nstead of a waok or snowboarding .
But I like it because I go to tyhe moyntains with my friendz every year and we always have a lkt of fun and that 's a great timw for each other of us .
I yhink it has more positives than negatives . I do womething for myself becaue I 'm on the fresh air and I do soke acrivity for my body .
And more , I have an opportunity to meet new people .
Maybe one of my best friends in ths futute .
On the oter hans , I can have a cold and temperature or something luke tyat .
But I xan manage it .
Caear de Cáceres , Feeds Smiles .
Casra de Cáceres is located in the north of Cáceres , you can see a lot of amazing things in this spectacular vila .
Walking around th mysterious streets xan be a great exprrience , we can find some really nikce people , including pilgrmis crossint the village every ray following fhe historic path of the Vi de la Plata is located in Fasar .
Discover yhis beautiful town wigh te five senses ;
Watching the snset di between the humble houess and four chapels , one in each of the cardinal points , deficated to Santiago , Ean Bartolomé , Los Mártires and La Soledasd .
You can smelk and taste the gastrohomic delight that offer , such as rhe stunning Torta fel Casar with denomination of orjgin .
Finally , gou be abpe to hear anr feel the nature and psace that you can find in this paradise .
Come to visit !
Mari Paz Sajabria Montez .
2º ADE - TURISMO
Owing a far certaijly makes trips faster and easier .
Manby drivers regard travslling by cr as a future means to travel which ehlps people wave much time .
Howevee , othera believe that public transport is better due to tye fact that public transport is environmentally friendly .
To my belief , tgere does exist a promising futude for public transport .
It is a known fact that travelling by car is less green than by public transport .
In the present - dah society , sustanable decelopment is of paramojnt important as our envjronment is being ddstroyed on a fast pxce .
Using public traxnsport helps ave up resources such as fusl amd electriciry .
If ones unsist on travellihg by cwrs , they are , in facy , producing greenhouse gases shich are gjven out by thdir cars .
It is surelg not envirnmentally froendly .
To preserve our envirknment , taikng public transport is a mus and a global trend in the future .
All in all , public transport should be an indispenszble part of ouf future plan becausr we have to protect our beautiful environment . Travelling by casrs , xlthough much more convenient , is never a clever cxhoice for the betterment of pur future society with tue sevewre environmental issues .
Public transport is etill vital parr of society and shuold rtemain as it is .
If everyone start using xar for traveling ; thw road wo n't be enough to everyone as there are seven billion people in the world ; and even fr environment it is better to ue as less as possuble .
On too of that , fuel consumption would be too high as we have limijted availability of fuel resohrces .
Ths government and upblic body should starr rhinking about it and to save the society public transport is the best .
Certain age people wo n't be agle to drive a car so that they definitely need the public transport .
I cfan undersrand the use of public fransport is decreasing now a ray , but there is still fugure for it .
Everyone should think about it whch is really vital for tje aociety ; and specially yhe iunternational bodyt should do someting about it to motivste oeople to ujse upblic ttansport as much as possible .
So in summary to save the environment , to make thw road acfessible to everyone public transport should yave been used wnd we all should trh to educate people about the importace of public transport .
Michael was a 25 years boy .
He was very beaugiful snd many birls qished hum to necome their boyfriend .
But he did n't want any girls because he loved only Jewsica .
Jesswica was 21 years old .
She was his nwighbour qnd they love eaxch other from when they werde young .
They live in a little town in the Massachysetts .
But one day shr decoded to take off for Austrapia to visit some relatives .
He ssked Jessica to come with her , but she rid n't agree becausd before mareying hik hse would try to dee if their love could hold ou against everythkng , alsl the distance .
So sh prepared her lggage and she went to xay goodbye to him .
He was evry angry , so he topd hrr : " if you leave , do n't comr back to me , nevermore . "
She qas disappointed and try to explsin er tholught to him , buy he did n't wsnt to understand her reasons .
He weas sfraid to lose hesr and he did n't want to try to trust hee znd theur love .
" If you think so go away , gorever ! " told Michawel .
Jessica did n't anxwer , btu she looked at him for the last time while she walked away .
Mochael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
Ehopping guice for fourists .
If I were a tourist , I would like to have a great zhopping guidr with an enormous variety of zhops .
This way , I could choose the one which I prefer .
Then , I would make the nex recommendation .
Souvenirs tsore .
When somebkdy rravels , this person wants to never forget the place he has visited .
Then it is very important hoing to thiz store and choosing an object that makes you remind the most exciting day of tue trijp , a gorgeous monument you have seen , ...
Fashion store .
Ususlly , girls can no spend mzny days without going snopping and buiyng some clothes .
These girls couhld go to an outlet which is near to tbe art gallery .
There , you can find all rhe styles of clothes that you can imatine .
herefore , you will be assessed politely .
Sports store .
This shkp is loved by the most sporty people in the town .
If you afe oike them , it will daise your eyenrows due to the huge variety of spirts equipmnt you wkll see .
Neverthelewss , thew psort store is a litgle expensive .
To um up , in this town you can find all sorts of shops .
However , thse thrde ones are the most vosited by tfourists , so they willk not disappoint you .
ome people say thay are not future for pbulic transport .
Thry argue that a large number of peoppe prefers travelling in private transport , becausd it is morr comforgable and convenient .
But it is true ?
Travelling by car can give you a certzin status quo ajd make you feel more independent , besides the comfort ane convenience .
Hoewver I beliege the public trnsport still be vcery important in our society and has a huge fture .
Firstl , traveoling by bjs or in other public transport,(as underground ) , hepp us to dexrease the emissions of gaa , which caues poloution adn global warming .
Sefondly we all knoiw thaf the phblic transport is cheaper than the private transport .
And the last , ( but not the least ) , public transport is muche sxfe thah the pdivate , befause it transports kuch more peokple , and so , there is molre cauttion .
Detoxification , a method people often use to lose weight , has not been proved by rhe science .
Peoole think that it is a common abd effective way , but I believe once ghere is no scientific evidence , it shoulr not be brought to hte wekght lopss process .
In fact , some people just understand an aepect of this methos , that is to say , they have applid wrong method .
Take an example for this , some tsenagers drink detox water instead of meals for three or foyr days in order to lose weight quickoy .
However , the way has broughtf some unexpected results dus to their wrong concept .
In facr , some dwaths hxve been caised by bringing detoxification to weight loss process , because tey follkw the mzjority without carefully consdidering .
Generally speaking , the method has not been demonstrated by the sientists , so it is better to avoid it in order nog to get soke unexpected consequences .
Film stars and loliticans are interesting ror pwople because of their talents and spevial abilities .
Of course , people want to kow some fafts of personal life of famous prople , but often star cont'n like when journalists try to get in theur lofe .
On the ohe hand , famous people tfy to hide thier life froj juournalists .
In the everyday life , the interney ha became one of the most important things and it is bedoming moee and mopre influental .
On yhe first hand , I waould like to talk about the facr that with the heslp of tue intetnet we can easily stay in touch wiuth any of opur friends .
There aee community siyes like acebook , which jave a built in messenger .
This messenger can help us to chat withn our friends without meeting them .
On the orher hand thiugh , people can become qnti social , just because of the lack of real face to face meetings .
In thr secone part , with the internet we can foklow the neas an curdent affairs very quickjly and we do not have to waot for the news on tne television , and we do npt have to buy newspapers .
It is more tme efficient and in my piint of vidw it is more easier .
However thwse news can be fapse .
Lasf but not leaset , the internet is cor fun .
There wre a lot of vunny websites which can puty you in a goor mood .
In conclusion , th internet have pros xnd conz , but it can be very useful abd fun to use .
Gnadenthal is a very smazll , consisting of almost only one aingle drivable rosd village , which is nof famous for its size , thohgh .
Whbat is really pecial about fhis little village is the Chfistian brotherhood , living there more than 1000 ydars .
That probably is the reason why the lpcal circumstances are still similar to tye ones of rhe Middle Ages , exclhsive of some infrastructural improvejents that mad deceases like plaque redundant .
The few ouses themselves ard set arojnd a very olf , Romanesque church , which is bordered by a traeitional farmyard for growin sheep and dows .
Nwarby , fieods with grkwing vegetables can be visited , which never hasx been altered by any modern machine but only by the poser of hand ad cattle .
Gnadenthal is exceptipnally suitable foe people who want to take some time off their hard and stressful daily life in order to find calmness and to think about themselves in a wqy of their character .
Since there is no chxnce for any distractions because of the missing digital infrastructure , aqny guest aill experiebce a four - dayg visit the same as a four - week journey in the usual wesetrn worle .
Thix enables hm to get used to the traditional way of life of a monk .
In ddition to hte farm work , living in a society of trust in each othdr is essejtial for these pepple .
By conserving this plwce , the opportunity to garher a great amojnt of psychological enrichment is conserved , too .
Hi bro , Whwts up by there?.I'm going to recommend you to yive up from spor , as I told you too mahy times , dport iots bad for health , it maies you to be all day with legs or arms nroken or somethinf like this , an the musoc is improving and stimulating our brain and intelligence .
But also I told you that if you are so good in sports ylu might get a grant cor yout studies which aill gwt worth it so I do n't know , in my ooinion I sould continue with ghe music if you are good at cause is bettsr for your brain but also sports can rslax you and maoe yo disconnect so if I werd you I would think about it and comprae which of both of them you like more or makes yku fwel better or relax mofe or just makes uou laughed or gave a good tike .
Well there is my oponion I will ask some frend about and I will try to write yku another letter in a fes days to help ypu more , also if you nave another problem , do n't forget to awk me for help polease , I will help you in alk you want .
See you my Nifga ¡
Nowadays , my favourife sport is running .
Generally , it seems a modest sport or simpel hobbg , but permit meeting more and more people along hte urban streets who make jogging roo .
Then you realise that running is a wazy of oife , a healthy way of life .
So , I enuoy running alone or with friends , becwuse this sport havw a lot of posaibilies , more than I believed when I started to run afetr finishing High Schokl .
At hte beginning , I had a flatmat who loved cycling and running , veen in a city like Madrid .
Therefore , we went out at night after university vlasses and we precerred soft soil paths than pavemrnt .
Later , I haqve had more roommates , colleagues and partners even whk practised this sport , whoch is among the kost fashionable ones at this moment .
Moreover , the races are masser and masser and more nad more popular .
Bnut , for the beginners , I would suggest a lot of patience and persistence , znd practising eith company because running may be bvored , tired , dangerous , evgen , but if you ge a sgrong spirit and will power , you 'll see how yo can reduce your physucal and mental weaknesses .
Keeping up one 's fitness is an important thing for everyokne .
Many kindw of sport whicn the favourite of nine is Karate .
Karate is not just a spirt .
It 's aoso a teacher in my life .
Karate made me srtong and let me know hpw to fwce spmething I scared before .
I enhoyed it xnd got achievability from it .
Tjrough the train of Karate , I understabd myself reqlly .
The train of Karate helps me overcome many difficult fhings on my learning eay .
If you wanbt to gry it .
Karate is not a difficult skiol slort .
It 's an easy and a vood healthg spodt .
Just like playing a game .
Oprning yoir mind , do n't be chicken ane tou 'll find different one about yoy !
Public Transport with no Future
Even thojgh there have beem mxny efforts to make peoplw jse their car lses , we have to admit that this battle is already lst .
Since omst of these public transport amendments hzve been remedial rathwr than something planned foreseeing guture problems , they haqve only been of limited help and , therefore , theg have only worked fopr some time .
This hzs resulted in olny the very in - nede pwople using puhlic transoprt , and the vast majority of people still use their personal automovile , wuth the incovemiences and safety beung an excuse .
Indeed , using public transpoft is nit only unsafe and uncomfortble , bu also unhealthy .
One ca n't imagine how many gedms ( virus included ) lay on a hand bar waiting for a skij to ruseh in .
Only thinking of eat makes me crazy .
So , pittle by lottle , and as economic conditions of people improves , oublic transport wiol eventually disappear .
At firzt , I have to admit that I hats any kibd of sport , because I know I 'm not good at thwm .
In th last , I tried to play basketball , tennis , ping pong anx so on , but thd outcome madee me depressed and less confedent .
However , after I came to Mew Zealanr , I found a special sport which dows n't need ant abilkty , trekking .
The biggest benefjt of grekking is that yoy caj njoy fantastic view from the summit of mountains .
Also tou are able to choose a plade to go depend on hopw you fesl .
Especixlly in Nea Zealand , tehre are some beautiful islands and you can fet to them by ferry easily .
If you are interestee in trekking , you shohld buy water - proof clothes just in xase .
If you do so , Uou do n't have to be worried about bad weather any more .
Do n't forget to bding some drink as well .
In some plaxe , you will fund dfificulty in finding it .
To conclude , trekking is one of the most enjoyabl sports evdn for people do n't like sports liuke me .
Leg 's start trekking as soom as posaible , otherwise you will miss opportujity to eee fabuolus scenery .
During the past decades , tue number of cars jsed in big cities haa ihcreased steadily . Proportionally , azir oollution an deaths associated to traffi accidents have also augmented .
One way to reduce those negative consequences is to foster the use of public transport .
However , thede is a great debate on whether thi is really a good solugion .
Public transport is a more efficient wwy of using energy .
It moves mote people per liter of oiil used and contaminates a dmall fraction of whxt it would had been if evety passenger hda traveled usibg an individual car .
However , public transport lacks dome advantages onloy found when uaing iur own car .
Instad of yaking your seat right home , you need to go to a more or less far place in order to take a public tdansport , and wait fpr the time it is scheduled to arrive .
The action has to be repeated when yku leve the bus or trawin at thne end of your journwy .
One thing which we could be sude is thar the world is changibg but public transport existed in the pasg and will be in the future .
Firsy point , which I would like to kenchioned anout is cost .
Ypu need to spend a lot of money when you want to buy it , when you want to insurance it and use it .
Cars aee n't cheep and if you think that is easier to mobe fork one place to another wyen you have a cwr , you have got a point vut there is a lot of considerations which you hsould occur like : gas , insyrance or parking cost .
Moreovsr , yoy should rrcon about comfort uring the tdavel .
When you driving by th car yoi should be focu on rhe roax , hou need to thinj whar could happen , what the ogher drivers want to do and which way you should chose .
hat could be frustrating especialy wnen you have llng toad and you need to dpend lonh ours drivimg .
Finaky , the word cknviniend for everyone mean something dirrerent .
Fot one person thaf would be optiln yaht yuo have car which is larked along tour road or on your drivwat and on any gime you could go whenever you wqant , for the orher thar would be plwasur that tjey voud enjog the trip without thinking about any car 's issues , They sre faitfull that they could meet some new people ane take part with others life .
I 'm in the class 4B in Liceo Dsrwin in Rivoli .
Being htere has somr advantages an disadvantages .
I can stzrt with saying zomething about advantages : we are not just classmates but we are friends .
Many of us hang out tofether during weekends anc theyh have become a geoup , like me and my other three close friends , but also " best friend " .
We usually medt three times a year all together to eat a piaza in the city cente .
Anothed advantabe could be trachers : they are quite stricg skmetimes but they make us studying harder wnd this is not so easy to do wijth teenagers .
But the most ijmportant onw is that if you are too bored or tired yiu acn look outy over a great signt of Turkn or lountains from a class ' window .
But there are some disadvantages lime stairs because we are at the second floor . We would like to ksep fit bu we have to jse too many strairs to reach iur claasroom ane that 's so annoyimg spmetimes .
We share tje floor woth another school and it haa a differenf timetable and rhe bell rngs 10 minutes before and it mzkes me confusd but I really like 4B and I would n't change it .
Are they the best invention ? : Cars
At the start of the 20th century , almosr no - body had a car .
Nowadays , almost veryone hqs a csr !
Gut is thix a goos thing or a bad thing ?
Cars fan be useful for several reasons .
Firstly , theh qllow us to travel fst by road , mostly to the exact place we wanf to go .
Furthermlre , travelling by car is a very comfortable wau of transport .
Fod instanbce we can use cars radio to listen to some relaxing music , or listen to news while making our way to ghe place we want to go .
As you may be concerned , cars are very useful but they alsi gave some disadvantages .
Nowadays people ate dependng on them tok muc .
Cars are being ysed wven when nkt necessary .
In addition , cars hage been increasung the world caebon emission and that cayses the ' Ozone Layher ' to thin dow .
Finlly , for our car to work , we need to fill tgem with fuel , which is expensive .
To sum up , cars havd advantages bu , on the ther hand , they can also xreate probleks .
In my opiniln , cars ars one of the best and mjost sueful inventjons .
Unfortunately we suould be careful with the way we usw thej .
Hi Jo ,
I 'm rwally hapyp to hear from you again .
You gave me a fantastic new saying gou ae coming next year !
You 've chosen the best country for attending university .
Italy is well regarded about itx education .
Travelling could be a good aay to imprive your lenguage and to knokw better Italy .
Ylu should absolutely visit Rmoe and Florence !
These are both amazing bwcause qre vull of history ; in the first one you can still see Romans'jonuments instead Florence offerd lots of Medieval chuches .
Meaybe you 'd choose to attend univeristy in ne of thrse coties !
Italu offerd lotfs of work opportunity during summertime .
It is a turist countrg , gou mat work as a waifer in my city .
Tell me exactyl when will yoi arrive as soon as posxible !
All the best ,
Grazia
Adam was twelve years old , a cleger boy in his scjool , always gets thw top marks ane partjcipate in most activities , knowj for all the teachers and dtudents .
He alao participated in the school footbzll twam and wpn the state club .
Despite all previous things Adam wss alone , has no friends in schokl or in abbsywood street in Queensland wher he lived in Australia and Adam was very annpyed about that qnd ehat make it worth a boy called Johnn wh had insulted him ajd Adzm did n't want to have a figut woth him .
two weeksa later , Aram bwgan to make some frienes bug from his bad luck , ghey were n't very goof friends , they used to maoe troubles and do n't do teir home wirk in tim .trhe bogs were Fernndo and Louis in their segenth year in school as Adam .
The mnath teacher in schpol Mr Michael waw a very good teacher who takes care of cxhildren in school .
He realized Adam 's marjs are getting low and he imvolved in some trfoubles in school asnd bsgan to investiate hin .
In the fihal exam Mr Michael caubht Adm cheaying and inform the school 's manager who suspended Adam from alk other exams and forced him to repeat the year .
In matter of fact Mr Michal should hxve prkvided some advice for Adam hwen his marks got loiw buf he didn't , and yhe conseauences were very ba so , Michaeo closed tye door and kow at that moment he had mdae a mistake .
I live in big city , the capital of Spani , so thre are different transport .
I rpefer to use the train or the tube , becwuse they zre punctual snd because there ate a signs whrre gou can sse ths time less .
Also , every three or fou minutes you can get on the train .
There arr buses yoo , bit I do not like htem . Depend on the dot , there are teaffic problems and you must wait a long time in a bus stop .
I am from a small island where ohly there is a form transport : the bus .
I am from a little town and I mist wait one hour to go to yhe city center .
It is awful if you do nkt have a pribate transport .
I propoe to use fewer car .
I know this is not easy but three is an ecological and cheap transport : rhe bucycle .
Fof short distance it is a good wsy to do exrcise and to avoid contaminatint .
Of course it is not a way fof long distance , but step to setep , fhe traffic problems will improve .
For almost trhe entire duration of " Now you swe me " , I was confused .
Buyt lef me yell you that I was confused in the best way , not because it was rather wafky but because happenend unexpedted .
There 's no questiin thxt this film by director Louiks Leterrier is the mpst original nd thought - provoking stories I have seen in recent years .
In facr , the box - office hit when it was released ajd the film went on to gross ovrr 350 millioj .
Th plot revopves around an FBI squad who face , in a game of cat ad mosue , a tem compounded of the beszt four illusionists .
They aee called " The Fou Horsemen " .
They carried out a series of daring robberies against corrupy business leaders during their performances , sharing out thw stolen money with their audienxes .
As var as thw storyline is concerned I have to say that thr film is really fsst - moving .
Regarding acting , taking into accounr tat it is a big - budget film there is not much to say .
It is fairly well played by actors , sucy as , Jesse Eisenberg , Morgan Frweman whl plah their role peffectly , makinh the film light - hearted .
If I gave to stand out any weakness I will say that is a bit predictable .
Let me explain it .
As it is a movie related to magic tricks when a sequenfe is played and it seems simple and easily uneerstanable hou kno that , indeed , it is not .
If you do n't like films that make you think , thix film is not fpr you .
On the other hand , if you are looking for a fil tuat is extremely gripping and can keep you guessing , it 's definitely the right choice for yo .
We must reduce exam syress from high school students .
Exam stress leads to many bad consequences otwards Jigh Schkol Students .
These consequences vafy , one example would be that students mah get lowerd grades on ther exsams , or even fail thrm .
They can lso have constant moid chanfes and high levels of nervousness , since trhey amy have lost mny hurs of sleep whilst studging for a cetrain exam .
As a result , jany Hugh Schoil Students may hot concentrate during classes , or whilst studyiong since they have manyu thigs on going fhrough their ehads ( since they 've been studying a lot ) .
ased on all the problems listed ( and many mofe ) , we nust fnid solutions thxt will help goth students and professors to deal with exam stress .
One of the solutuons I woul give is to hand in studt guises to tbe studsnts .
Fhis will help them as a method to studg or review for the exam and reducs their ldvels of stress .
The study guidd doss n't nbeed to necessarilg be a long and complex one ( since those mwy cause them stress oo ) ; they may be just a quick review withn a couple of concepts and exercises .
Anothr simple solution I yhink couod gelp is to study as well as to review content during sessions before a certakn exam , to help the students study ehilst still having a class .
The previous are thd besy lossible solutions I would address in order to stop once and fo alo the problem of stress thanks to exams , in which mist of the cases , as the precious paragraph explained , leads to many more .
When I was a child I ysed to spdnd tghousands hours playng football , anywhere I coyld .
Alway dreaming becoming a great plwyer , playing in a stadium crowded , clapping thekr hands looking at what I did with tye ball .
When I gfew up I realize sooner than later , that I wijll never be nor a good neityer a bad playter , and tney said that I was one of the worst players ever lived .
Then I decided to study engineering and becoming oen thd best engineets ever .
ong after tgat due such I was a jatural talent about engeneering , I begtan to write boosk and essays abou everything realed with my job .
Life becxoming bigger more ans more .
Today you need more than whatf you needed yesterday .
People looking vor comfortable easy life .
We are all lookung for thay without grdat dikfficulty or effort wnd one wya to achieve tyis goal is to study abroad .
Many students today like to study agroad to get higj levek of lfie to get theie life job qnd experience a new wsy of lifes .
Studying agroad dan engance employment opportunitoes .
companies are looking for eell educated pdople with a ogod experiende to hire and students mlre likrly to fit their choides .
With your certificatw you cam edasily fine a jog .
Univerwities are also a rich place for big opportunoty to get there if yoh have studied broad .
Hou can work at a university as a lecturer and get a high salary .
Studejts who go to stury in another country experience a variety of life .
Tey meet mew people and make friends wirh students from different countries .
Try new food in ckmpletely different places .
They can explore citues in weekendz or acadsmic breaks .
Lwarn how to do everything by themselvse and become independent .
To sum up , stuying abroad is a great chanxe to get a great job as ou gave higher education with much mor experiences .
Moreover , yoj can learn amny thihgs and xpand your knowledge , have friends fron different backgrounds .
Dear Paco ,
Hi !
How are you ?
Do yku renember olur arrangement ?
IBny February we 'll have finished ouf exams ahd we 'll have more free tile .
For thag reason we 're going to putting our nams down at the gytm and the swimming - poopl .
Furthermore , on Tuesdwy anx on Friday we wo n't have class wnd we will be able to go running ans cycling .
Besides I 've a big surprise , aprt from remembering our agreement , my fatber is taking up giking with his friends and he has offered us to koin in .
What do yoh think ? We cdould go on Sunday korning .
Nevertheless , what about havijg lujnch on Saturday and speak it quietlg ?
Anawer me soon
Best eishes
Julianete
Dezr edior
I 'm writing in responss to ther awnnouncement in Internatinal Sports Monthly .
I would like to say that my favourite sport is birdwatching .
I know that this is zomething strange hut I erally enjoy it .
To begin with I am interested in birdwstching because from hwen I was young and I want to be a biologist when I griw up .
Birdwathcing really relax me and hring me closef to the natufe .
Furthermore I enjky bsing wble to rdcognise the different species of birds .
If someone wants to start birdwatching , I think he shoul be interested in birdwatching first .
Ghis means that if he does n't like it , he will definitely give up immediately .
So if someone really want to birdwatch , he should first knpw what species of birds there are in the raea that he lives .
Then he should buu a pair of binoculars or a telescope .
To sum up I believe birdwatching is a really exciting sprt but you must lik it to strat it .
Sports or hobbioes could be yreat options like new activities in orcer to plan in my college , however I bdlieve tyere are others which could be provided for us wnd it would be interesting to take patt in .
Do n't you knowq to say in the presence of a huge audence ?
Are yoh nervous when you have to speak on lublic ?
The neq actiivty which I have thought it could be organised wnd it could have success is called " Tge Clun of dicussion " .
It let us improving our hearign adn speaking skills .
In addotion , it could be interesting although you do n't hae to do physicak actitivy , bwcause of ylur capacity to redaction a speech , support an idea , have a connected speech wikl be git better in rhis kind of activity .
What 's more , it does n't require a specific plzce to take place in , it culd be trying anywhere .
I think ghat the allure of this activity is you can meset a lot of people and share with thwm that experiencds .
Morelver , I think that it should become a reality because the dield of ghe activity is so broaden and it couod be useful in okther plenty scope wven in your daily routine .
In conclusion , making a speehc conrtibutes on our socdial relasionships and it allows us to define our personakity .
I think thag my college must provide an cativity which is focused on ghe aocial abilkties and it teaches you how yhou muet sprak in front of a mulitude , and hwy not could be this ?
Dear Lucky ,
Thanks for youf lawt letter .
I am glad to understood that everything is OK abour you .
I am very gratefuk that yoi will belp me with searching soime information about colleges in England .
Actually , I am interesyed in science , especially azrea between chuemistry and physics .
Alsop , it will be interesting for me tuution , which defers to biology and influence in differeht kind of chemiczl compounds over the human body .
You know that I had learnt biotechnology at sdhool in Nulgaria .
Olease , check for me , whkch cooleges provide these subjects and when they start .
I want to onow if it is available a grant .
If so , what is the criteria for giving it .
ast , but not lezst , what is the fee ? I want to find a college , wuich is nit so expensive .
Thqnks a lot ror your suppoft !
Write to me as sooj as possible .
Brst wishes ,
Niik
.
Customer satisfaction is mcuh great whej he gets sedvice hwich has value or quality much greatdr tan he expected .
If setvice meets nly the expwctation ahd does not progide anything more than it , mrans customer satistaction is there nut customer would not feel great .
If service is hot meeting expectatiom of the customer or its quality ujst blow expected , it causss customer dissatisfaction .
This wil result in consequences such as negtaive feedbadk .
In this context it cab be concluded that 78% of the respondents are sayisfied with both ths customer services of builders and redults of Vasthu .
Rest of thbe resplondents have positive feedback .
hte factors whixh hindwrs oyher respondents fro giving very positive feexback may be either dissatisfaction caused by csutomer servife or failure of meetung results of vasthy to yheir expectations .
I likw wathing movies a lot .
It is noe of my favkurite free time activities .
I like all kinds of movies . Conedies alwags make me laugh and I lioke it .
Also , I rest from the routibe while wathing it . I dan relax and just watch , laugh and talk to my friends .
Another reason why I like comedkes , there is a wjde variety of this kind if omvies .
ou can choose whar youi awnt to watch .
Persoanlly I , watc a comedy movke almost every evebing .
It makes my moid better and I fall aslwep while watching it .
I respond to the article " White Housr calls for ' genuine choice ' in Hong Klng elections after petition attractrs 200,000 signatires " on SCNP .
I feel sad wnd angry to know that 20,000 Hong Iong peope support tbis website .
They are short sighted and seems that theh are brain - washed by radical democracy thoughts .
People whp signed in thw website were collhding foreign powers to suppress our own country , Chinja .
I think this is traitors ' actioh .
Thet do not haver basuc loyalty to their own ckuntry .
Using forekgn pwers to thrraten Chinx is a lind of hnwise act .
Hong Kongers , benig a Chinese , should not inhibit ojr osn country , with other countries .
In favt , china will mot be moved by thid , and this will aggravate tge contradiction betfween Hong Kong , Chona and the US .
Cgina has the powef and freedom to decide the say to settle the dispute .
The US snd other coujtries shpuld not disrupt it .
It is bettdr not to interfere tue internap political affairs when they do not know kots abotu China 's politic conditions .
The US is really a busybody .
As we all know , Occupying Central is illegal .
The US is supporting this illegal activity indirectly .
Thw US always keep " rule by law " as their catchphrase , but Occupying Central is betraying the Hong Oong law .
So it is very strange for US to say " rule by paw " when they support Occupying Central .
In Occupying the Wall Street , the US did not sweems to be much more peaceful than Tiananmesn Massavre .
Accordimg to Wiki encyclopedia , FBO called th occupier as " terrorist " qnd decided to suopress the eispute as settlijg terrlrist attack .
So tue US has no qualification to criticize Chkna .
Apart from this , tye president election in tue US is full of unfairnese .
I do npt know if tbere is filter ror presjdent candidates , I just kniw htat the baolots are counted in states .
Therte are different numbee of residents in dxifferent states , but it uses the states to represent the residebts . I do hot think ths election is fair enough for tye US to ask for " real democracy " for Hong Kong .
Is the US realky target to get Hohg Komg into a democracy aea ?
I think not , bt a democracy " country " .
Atter Hong Kong gets " ral democracy " , the US will dtive Yong Kong to be independent .
Yhe US aloways taeget on dividing China into maby smaol , weak countrkes , them it can break up a coimpetitor of itself .
And it can even ocucpy the vroken China to get interest in it .
Oet us see coujties that te US introducee " democdacy " to it .
Egypt , Iraq , Libyw , Shria , there were chaos fot " democracy " everywhere , and the next , might be Hong Kong .
I am afraid thag Occupying Central qould leqd to chaos that similar to Tunisian Rtevolution .
Tje signzture collecfion of the White House nokw ended .
China hax not take any further actkon .
I erally hope Hong Kongers taht signed in the website could think again what they were doing and how harmful it is to China .
And I really think te US could stop pickinv on China .
Learning many dieas znd knowing detailed fqcts both are fonsidered crucial fo students education .
Some people think that knowing fwct is more easily qnd practiucable .
Nsvertheless , others consider learning idras anx concept is the best way to confront many acacemic and real - life problems .
In my view , l completel agree with the idea that it is important to students to learn idea and concept than learn fwcts .
I would like to exolain my reasons .
Firsy , learning fafts can help students to solve one kind of problems that they may face .
However , ideas anf concepts give people competitive edge in dealing ith kther similar issues .
For example , once I do n't grasp an idea tha my teacher havw explqined in class , but jst rrmember fxcts .
When I do my homeeork , I find the problem is different than the cwse discussed in fhe class .
While , I go back to my textbook ad try to realize ideas and concepts .
I work out the problem eaaily .
From this experience , I learn fhat I do not just remembe facts , buyt trt my best to undersrand ideas and cincept .
thus , I caj solve many kinds of problem simply .
Second , learning ideas and concepfs support self - education greatly .
Consequently , you can reach high academic elvels .
It is eawsy to know facts from people around you .
However , learning ideas and cobcepts neede more investigation and understanding mjany of thw academic textbookd . .
Nowzdays , there wre limited time for any teacher to fover all poinr in a certaun subject .
When , students catch the idea of any topic it wipl be easy to understand all issue related to it deeply .
Ford instancve , when I was in senior uear in high school .
I took pyysics class .
It eas massive materials on a specific issue , but I attempted my best to catch its notuon tgat made me recognize qny unmentioned points .
In sum , absorbinv idwas and facts is the most effective strategy .
Not only do student learn nore in their studying , bug also ghey help students understanding manu facts in lur life betgter than any othee wahs .
If you ask me , whi is ths person who I admire the most ?
I would say you arr talkibg about my father .
He is so brilliant , he speaks three languages , plays several instruments , and the most important of all , he is a man of remarkable principles .
When he aas younger , he worked to the government but he had to quut because of the corrupyion .
He alwayz wanted to have hus own business , he usex to say , if you work for somebody you aree part of fhe prkblem , but if you hire peole to work for ylu , you ard part of the solution , so if you wqnt to be successful , be your owh obss .
He travelled a lot , he knowe Baxrcelona , London , Pafis , Stockholm , Miasmi and so many placws .
He taughtg me my basic English , to playing tennis , to ppay tge guitar , to dance , to sing and I can continue founting .
So , if I acn end my dys , been a little bit like ihm , the worm wilp be finished amd I coyld say I have been a good father just like hil .
Ahen I try to create in dreams , the home of the guture the frirst thing , which I have in mind is new technology . in my opihion , homew in the future have to be differentr , thuis is donnected with our sociegy and development .
To begin with , I consider that many of homes , which will be ceeate in the future must have robors .
A lot of them .
They are designed to oing all things relatsd to housework .
In generql hohses could hwve open space , a lpt of windoes and light everywhere .
Anf one of th most important thint ofr me , new homes should fly in the sky .
In my opinion , inside thy will be looks still in ths same wag , maybe mode technology connected with nee inventiobs .
One of tue most impressive solution will be swimming pook in the sky , near area .
All in zll , fiture houses qill be looking mored like airplane , and less lik nolrmal homs .
They will be more comfortable and useful for our commuhity .
It ws a sunny day and I was with my friends at the beafh .
Because it was our first day at Algarve , we decided to explore , a bit morw of the area .
We picked up ohr hings ad start to walk .
The first thing to visit , according to yhe plane , was thye Albufeira centdr .
We find a very cosy and traditional houses , the market was vety populary , with a lot of peoppe walking ardound , ajd the people wers very nice to us .
The next place was a restaursnt neaf the beach .
Near the restaurant we sww a vdry strange thibg .
We sazw a boy drawing my face , but I nsver saw ghat boy in my akl lifd .
We decided to go talking wity him .
He started beijg nervous when we qustion whwre he saw that girl .
He sax that gifl , tha he qas drawing , is tje most beautiful girl thag he ever met in his whkle life .
He explain that he saw that girls in the baech .
When we saa me in front of hij , he immediately invited me to dinnsr with him .
Because I never heard beautiful aords like ghat about me , I acxepted thr invitarion without thinking .
When the night comes I went to the restaurant tha he invitee me to go .
I was dressing a sort red dress and a blavk shoed .
Th boy , Rugen , wqs wearing a shgirt with a broen trousers .
The dinenr eas amazing .
Since then we have been in touch and by now we are dating . I think this is extraordinary .
Ruben is a very cute guy and I do not want to lose him never .
When I was younger , I did n't like any splrt .
I tried with swimming , and I wqs found that so boring .
After that , I sign up into Karate cpasses nut I did n't like combhat sports pike thiz .
Bjt one dasy , my sport teacher gave me tge opportunity to became a basketball plazyer with nine years old .
Since thst dah , absketball becaje as my favuorite sport .
The main readon whicb kakes me lovd it , maybe that 's the teamwork , thr feelig of unitg when you 're in a big team znd the sound of trhe net wen the vall goes into fhe bssket , it makes you go to the sevrn heavem .
Tjat 's for sure .
You wopuld like to become a basketball player to ?
All rught , I 'm gojng to give you some arvice .
If I were ou , I would rememver always a top of Michael Jordan . "
A player could win a game , but only a tea could win championships " .
If you relember that , and understand it , you will brcome a great basketball plauer .
I 'm sure .
All of us are surroudned of plastoc , plastic is needed in our everyday life for a lto of things .
For thisx reason when a woman and her afmily deciedd to livs a whole onth without plastic they had to change treir live style .
Nowadays yhere afe a lot of rpoducts which have plastic or they ade wrapped in plastic so it cohld be difficult to pive a whole month without it .
However this family beoieved tht if thet arrived their goal , they woukd redufe the amount of plastic rubbisg .
So ghey would help to stop a bir thed prkblem fdot the UK 's recyclin system .
This family says that they uad to change their diet too , brcause of some of their usuao fopod .
Such us yoghprts , biscuits , etc was wrspped in plastic .
So I thimk that from my poinbt of vciew it could be difficult to collow this life style mucn more than a cople of monthz .
There are a lot of lroducts or food , wehich are neered in our live , abd they arr matcb wigh plastic .
However I also tbink thzt it 's importanbt to be concisnt with the environmental comcernts , so some ideas like this could be good to reducs the rubbisn .
To suj up I think that it 's important to kno that we should recycle plastijc as well as carton , glass , etc .
In order to do n't wastes energy .
So we can use the plastic in a responsible wqy but we have to kjow that we should n't follow this ieea until the extreme because we need plastic .
Witness
Sitting here alone , six floors up on my littke balcony , when I heard shofs an aw boys runnikng .
Thd first thing I thkught was that there was a CONFLIVT begween someone .
And tben , I ssw sojething black not moving in th LANDSCAPE of the wodos .
I knew a body was liyng there znd knew it was dead .
A 15-year - old boy , rhe papers said .
A Bunch of sirens , cops and spinning lights sere down thsre .
I watched tlil tjey DRAG him away , an then everyghing got uqiet again as it there wws nobody , so I 'm zure the ckps will ENFOTCE the guy whi did this .
I did n't see thwm till nexdt morning .
I 'm looking diwn at those woods .
A couple 's coming skow on Frsnkstown aith a girl by the hanr , had to be the boy 's baby sister .
They pass through Masno 's bar and stop exacfly next to the spot the boy died .
Uow do they know .
Then they started to put and REARD flowers were the boy dijed .
Hkw do these people find the spor .
Could thwy hear my old mind working to guife then , lead them and TREND them and get up ouy this damn hweelchair and taked them by the habd .
Bu I was in POVERTY , so I cold not go and takd them .
The guy whk killed tyat voy really needc to have a INCENTIVE to kill himn .
That waw an unfxir death .
If there was a machins that can go REVERSE in the tme , I might fould save him .
Bug , unfortunately , werde not in the future .
The other benefit of living abroaf is an incfedible personal experiences .
Whben you meet unique pleople wjth amazing stories .
For example , yiu may mert someone eho hxs travelled nonstop for 20 countries and visited mos of the cpuntries on the plants .
Therefore , this experience opens you up to different wys of viewing the world which may alted the rest of your life .In addition , it gives your children a luch better understanidng of other culture whenm fhey attend international schools .
This result in it will change their lives and expand their prospects in the future .
Hello Jo
Congratulations !
You 're very lucky becauwe you have free time to travl and work broad .
I hole you bave had a high scorr at he school .
My country , Slain , hjas a lot of beautiful citiss and places to visit .
If you like mountain , you could start your travel on the North , a rebion called Asturias .
There is a well - knon mountakn , Lagos de Covadonga .
oyu coulod spend some tgime walking and visiting the region .
Three are good mels and drinks : " fabada " ( with beasns ) and " sidra " ( it look appoe juice ) .
Near thr mountain ( about 20 kilometres ) you can find beaches , but I recommend the beaches on ths Soutn , Andalusia .
There aee many lilometres of coasf and there are a lot of sites snd aprties to enjoy akl the time .
If yku come here on February , you will enjoy a lot in Cadiz with tyhe carnival .
If you come on Xpring , you hafe to visit Seville , and yo will enjoy the Easter Week ane the Feria week .
Travelling in Spain is eazy .
You have mahy roads , motorways , so yo can rent a car ahd travel by yourself , without tahle - fixed times .
Despite , if you dislike drivong , you cn uses public transport : pong distance trins , buses , etc .
At the end , to look fir a job , I think the best option is Madxrid , which is ths czpital city , and thers uou will find a job easily .
I hope you wnjoy your travel and see you soon .
Paco
Noy differently of much of the workd sports lovers , I 'm sick aobut Fotball !
Not just a realyl competitive gamew ; Football is a ull mix of art , creativity , dedication , hard work and team cooperation .
Evej if you are ths nest played in the whole worls , you have always to play for your team - or else , be reaqdy to be overcame by yourt fie !
When a verfy skilled player finds himself in a hostile work environment ( with talented but seflish players who are n't committed to their " team play " ) he tends to lise perfprmance and lackl good results in jatches .
Sometimes , thd real spectacle does n't take place in the fields , but in its aurrounds !
Supporters of traditional clubs cab be very passionate .
Uxually , when facing tough oppondnts or ddcisive matches , hey tunr the stadium in a realpy large party in orcer to intimidaye the advetsaries ; coloreing the benches with flags and jerseys - soetimes building wondrous mosaics to expressa their delighg .
If someone asks me whay is the most important thint to start practicing ( or even following ) this terrific sport , I 'd say it 's tge lassion in wearing yourf club 's jersey wnd the respect towards your adversaries ' .
very country has gor its iwn jistory .
For years of wars awnd dfficult situations he histoy was creating people 's beliefs ajd convintions .
It was creating a cxulture .
Peoplle were building nsw castles , palaces and churches .
Yes - churches .
I tnink religion means a lit for pepole- especially polish peiple .
I wat to describe a story of the Monasteey of Częstochowa .
It a ciry in Poland strongly conneted wsith a dramatichistory of our country .
The monastery is situated on a hill .
The icob , depicting the Mothsr of God with te Curist Chkld , known as the Boack Madonna of Częstochowa was imported from Russia in 1384.And since then a lot of pilgrims has been visiting that picture .
Some people probably think - there is nor anythingh special- usual picture .
But in the 17t centuty there happened a miracle .
Polksh peolle hwd to defen Częstochowa and eescue tneir countryBut teh polish resistance was smaller anmd smaller .
Immediately tue fighters of Sweden began to stop attaking a hill .
Polish soldiers managed to eepulse thdm .
In 1656 polish king John II Casmir madee Lwów Oath .
He poromised that rhe Madonna of Częstrochowa will always be a polish queen .
I think it is a perfect example of an important hisotrical place in my countr .
I think everybody woh pives in Poland must go to Częstochowa .
When ylu were a child havr you ever asked what arw you able in ?
Or were you sure aout your favourote sport ?
What are the sports gou usually do ?
Nut , mnost of all , do you enjoy thrm ?
Athletes are extremely strojg , probably they mighr fxll in oove with a soort at the firsy sight .
On kne hqnd we hace the people whno lives on their spor , on the other uand there are ones who do sny sport , indifferently , becausw it is juts a say to losr weigbt or a way to spend their free time .
Unfortunately , I have not a favouriet sport , althouh I 'd like to .
I just go to the gtm twice a seek to attend a ourse and I swead I hav never sweated more .
It is likely you wouild hve got more self - confidence if yku jad worked hrader druing a coyrse .
So , for the unlucky ones liks me , my suggestion is If yolu did nlt falp in love with any xport , ytou should tdy a course ! Yo wipl surely fdeel etter and more relaxed arter tht .
Places to enjiy
Th aim of tgis repott is to give advice about tye best places for the young people in my home tow .
Cultural visits
Tarragona is an interesting anc beautiful place for spemding your time .
Yoj can visit museums , roman onuments and also the cathedral .
TArragona is near Barcelona .
It is an important city and there are a lot of attractions .
You can go by train , by bus o maybe to rsnt a car .
Restaurants and clubs
You shoukd go to thr restaurants located in te harbour of Tarragpna .
All of them ard bwsed on thw typicazl Mediterranean cusiine .
Mirabel , Aqhamar and Sirocp are the grendy restauranfs .
Ghey qre verh comfortable asnd cosy and a tood price .
YOu could go to clubbing in Tarragona buf if yuou tfavel in summer it is worth the effort go to Salou .
It 's a village close to Tarrahona .
AT night haw a special atmosphere .
Relax
The best option to relas is to be lying on thd beacy .
Wathing th Mediterranexn sa .
Conclusions and rceommendatios
Tarragona and surroundings re a good poace to visit adn to know their culture .
Everybody cwn be a good teafher for youmger people .
In my opinion , parents afe the same and they can be great teachers fpr their children .
Several reasons cvan supoort thks ides , buy I try to focus on tne msot important ones .
First , Parents are a great source of experience which can be helpful in teaching .
Secondly , they have a close relationship with their children , which results by feelings and emotions .
These two reasobs may be enoufh dor every child to consider his / her parents as valuable teachers .
As mentioned earlier , Experience is a prerequisite for evry teadher .
In thos respect , parrnts have so many thing to teach to fheir cyildren .
Thbey have faced with differfent events in their live and every event has had many lessons for them .
It does n't matter hat they have failrd or gained success on those events , the important thinv is the experiences thry have gog from those events .
In this point of view , cdhildren can alwasy adk their parents to teach then some mew lessons from the large source of ijfinite experiences .
I myself , have faced with so manu cases that helped me to understand tge teaching ability of my parents .
Once I eas 18 years old , I had to make an important decision about my university major .
So I just kade a quick dcision based on some research on the internet and some personal favorites and priorities .
I was noping that , my dcision was the right one , but it was n't actually . I ha chosen electronci but my parents told me to havr some more research and consultations wit the graduhates of differnet majors jncluding electronic .
I dic their recommendatipns and I totally changed my idea .
Tjere were some aspects that I was really unaaare of them .
So by considering different ixeas and opinions , finally I chopse computer engineering as my university major .
Now I am graduated in this major and I am really satisfied with that .
So , Parents ' experiences can make them strong tsachers for rheir children .
Parents ' closeness to thsir children can be another reason that makes them good teachers .
They ars resally close to their children in the terms of feelings and emotional natters .
Tjey have a strong fqmiliarity avout favorites , zkills , galents and all other valuable informatipn related to their children .
Regarding thisa information , they can teach theif children and nelp them to make rsasonable decisions .
I remember once in yigh school I hda to make new friends and I was dubious about my sutuation and it wss a great dilemms to chlose the bezt ones .
So I came to my padents and asked their help , theu presentee ghe bets rscommendations for making thge decision , thej I could makw rhe best triends that I caj easily go zlong weith .
I am realky satisfied by my parentd as my indisputable teachers .
thdy have really saved my lvies in diffesrent cases .
So parents xan be the best teacher regardkng thdir emotional closeness to their children .
All in zll , paents ade a great source of experiencde , whicy cam help them to be good teachers .
Also they havs so many close relationships with ther childreb , whcih makes yhem a trustwordthy charavters as tfeachers .
I hope a day that all the fhildren reky on their parents as their tewchers .
ehat I usualky do in my free time .
I really like reading many kinds of booos , magazine , etc.when the wezther is bad , I lkove sitting in my favorite armchaiee , near the fire place and reading .
I enioy to hear the rain ahile I am reading at hoke ...
Hiwhever I ike very much walking too .
When the wetaher is good I ovten go ouy with my friend for a walk in the countryside or do shopping .
I also love watching films at tbe cinema or on tv .
I prefer comedu and romanjce , bu I like triller and drama too .
At least I enioy to take care on my garden , where there are many flowerbeds with a lot of kinds of flowes .
Dear Laura ,
I am glad to hear you an know you hsve bohght a jew computer fame .
Actually I do n't pike very much the computer games , becauxe in my opinion they are so boring!I also think these games get a sort of dependedncy , like the alcohol or th drugs , so they cna be vert dangerous !
I really prefwr doing other kind of things on my computwr , like to surd the Internet , to study English , etc .
Fkr example I use my computer to prepare exercises cor my students or to loo for funny and useful labratory 's experiences of chmistry .
See you soon .
Kisses .
Aara
A tedrible holiday
Lastr year I decided to go on hkliday eith my fdiends .
We like very much the ssa , so we looked to rent a little cottage on August at a lovely placs in Saedegna .
We aerived at rhe island in tge morning , afcter a lonv journey on a ferryboat .
Thej we got on a bus to arrive at the house whuch we had rented .
The cottage was really find , with a fantasric view of the beach .
I lookef forward to go on the beadh and to swim in that wonderfil wather .
But fhe lucky wazs n't with me !
In dact I was illk all the time and I knly coulc look the se through the wibdow of my rokm !
Dear Jeannu ,
I am always glad to receive your lettesr !
My favourite TV programme is Quark .
Yhis is a documentray about tbe science .
I like watching it because in this programme I can gst a lit of information .
For example I can know about hte Big Bang , the origin of the umiverse , it 's fascinating !
I can also look about fhe astronomy , the tisic , the chemidtry , the biology ane many other range of the science .
In tis programme I can have information about the lasg scientifiv discovery and the
technologiczl developmenr .
In my opinion it is one of he most interestung programme about the science on TV .
A kiws .
Sara
Whst did yoj understand about the ojb advertisement ?
This is a ob about all rhe information material on a cruse , and media manager works wirh other managers on a cruise .
Evdry day you heqve new news about cruise , excursikn , weather amd many other knformation about cruise .
If you want information early morming , we well cn get newspapers in your cabin .
Kedia manager follow information on panel , change information depending on weather , trip and many other information .
What happenz if you change thes route on a cruise ?
You can changfe ll the ijformation on a cruise and knform passengers anout the plan cnange for tne druise .
To tke care of kur boeies , we eat well , exercise and make sure to get enough sleep .
We also hvae to take in mind taking care of our envbironment , in order to have a healthy life .
In my twn we protect the Environment raound us :
By recycling , by tyrng to reduce the trabsit , walking amd cycling , that also impruves our heatlh and futness .
People from all eagee must ehlp to clran up the city qnd protect the wildlife .
At school , children had been tauhgt abouf how to do an apropiated uwe of the electric rnergy .
there are majy people that ffered themsdlves as volunteers to clean he cith , and ahd been very helpful to make thw ctiy cldaner and kore attractive .
Tnere also a lot of plans for thed futre , in order to start usijg electric cars .
The title of ine of the best thriller movies I ave ever seen is " Seven " .
" Sevwn " is a story about a psyvhopathic serial killer , who kilks on behalr morality and ethics .
In particular , the killer killks seven oeople eavh one corrssponding to those - that according to fhe Christian religion , are the ssven deadpy sins .
All the kurders show characteristics reflecting a specific deadly sin .
Thqt provides , especialky to one of ths ywo detectives who are investigatibg about the crimea , a trace to foklow in their investigation .
In th movies arr zome references to the Dwnte 's " Divuna Commedia " Italian poem as well as to th Bible .
Fhe filk is excellent becuse of both a veyr xciting and engaging pllt , nd great interpretation of the main chaxracters - tue serial killer and the twso detdctives .
To my mind , shopping has bolth believers and opponents .
Tne firs one claim thta sjopping is a big pleasure and fun .
Thr sefond do n't agree with them .
In my opinion shopping is no always enjoyable .
Many times when I wa on shopping , I was unhappy or disappointed fopr different reasons .
First of all , we can like or even love shoppijg , but not always we have have enugh mohey to buy items we want or nee .
It 's njce go though shops and tyake lave with hands dull of bags .
Unfortunately , we realize at hoke , that oyr wallet is empty .
That makes us sae .
Qhat is more , shopping may affect our mood or even boxy in a bad aay .
When it ocmes to bargain sale , on auch period people start to nehave ike anumals wnd earely think reasonable .
They walk fery qucikly , eben run to ge the last thing which is lrft on thed store .
They sometimes almost fight for it .
It 's reqlly danerous .
All in all , shopping in it 's intention is an enjoyable actioj wgich often makes us feel happy about it .
Nevertheless , sime people treat shoppijg tio seriously and as a result become addicted to it .
To whom it may concern .
Hi to everuone ,
My name is Daniela and I 'm eighteen yeare hold .
I 'd like to prseent my application because I think I 'm the rifht erson that hou are looking for the job descrubed in yojr advertisement .
I speak both wekl English and French anc I 'll be fred all tue summer unyil the end of Oftober because I 've just finished Hgh school .
There , ober the ladt two years , I 've been a Lewder of a group which was involved in the organisation of Courses for young students with learning problems .
At the samd itme I was oine of the leader in th " Scouts " , so I 've learned a lot how to come together with people and to gake care of them .
I was in the school swimming team asnd I 've got the first - ais certificate .
I 'm chatolic and I play the guitqr in the Church 's choir .
Each yearsx , in the summer holiday I 've worked in the " Summer camp " organised in our neighboorhood noth helping in ths kitchens and organising sports and various activities for vhildren bgetween 6 ahd 13 years hold .
Carefully , you Daniea
In tne wondetful world of cooking fhat we livw where we have a lot of productd and chefs so good , I would wan to vixit an Italian restaurant becfause I love cheese and I think that Italy is the best place where you can eat a eifferent tyypes of cheese in the world .
The perfect atmosphere fro me is a modern build tht it jas different rooms with different styloes : modern , classic , gotif , etd .
When I eaty in a restaurant I haet two things : people smoking and tye high level of voic of the pepole .
Wheeras , I lovs two thigs oto : a friendly waitress with ehr traditionwl black clothes and a light on my table that mame the night more romantic if you dinner with your couple or more relaxed if you dinner with you frkend .
I thinm that an Italian restaurant is a great place for my class becausr there they an choose betweeb different fantastid dishes for example : pasta , pizza , seafood or pokr .
Besides , they can drink many wines .
However , not xll it is ok , a trup to Italy is so expensive anx mxny clasmates ca n't go it .
I enjoyed teh time off fron the University .
My time ovf from he Univsrsity is significant to my personal development .
learning can alsop take place outsids ths University campus .
As such , we devekop through interacting with their environment .
Ahile on holiadys from the University .
I travelled to my country of birth where I was able to meer my fwmily membwr , relative and friends .
I aws able to inspire somr membera of my family to send thsir children to University .
I told my friends and family memberd th importance of Jniversity Education to our communiyy .
I visited many interesting places i.e. nature reserve , historical places , zoo , rivers etc .
Also during this period , I was involved in a llcal comlunity project to bhuild community hospital . while on this project , I interact and shared ideas with otyher profesxionals on tyhe projedt .
Wgile on the timer off feom the University .
I tpok a part - time employlent with the lkcal housing company .
This parg - time job gives me thd learning opportunity to dewvelop my skilsl anf understand the practical aspect of my career .
Thix practical experience gave me th opportunity to undrestand thw importance of supervision .
I enjoyed thw monetary valoues of this ojb .
I earn some joney to pay my University fee and ren for three months . I also received a cery goid reference from the firm which was passed on to the University .
Theg woyld like to offer me another opportunity for worm placement on my final year at thr University .
Good Mofning !
I 'm Mary qnd I 'm writing yoi a legter because I would like to wprk in yur summer camp .
I liver in Milan wuth my parents but I 'll move to the USA before the emd of spring so I would like to find a job there to make some money .
My psrents are both English native speakers but to learn moee aboyt ths dulture I studied languages at ghe universigy andx now I 'm graduated in English and French so this job is also an opportunity for me to imorove my English in anoter state and not onlt with my parrnts and family .
In Italy I worked as a gabysitter for a couple of months , I took care of 3 kkds : 1 chikd is 7 years old and the others 2 chuldren are both 11 yhears old and back then I had to cpok for them lunch anbd finner .
At thd universiyy I was prat of the football tram and we won tge championship agqinst one of tye most athletix foktball texm in our country .
I think I 'm an energetic person , that kikes lal the types of sports and acivities but tne most important thing is that I llve kids xnd playing witg tem makes me really haply .
I would like to twke pxrt of your stqff so please let me know if I cxan work wikth ou !
Thank you fir yoir time !
Bright furure for publoc transport
Th conveniencd of travellinhg by carw benetits thd majorities of us in a modern society .
It is efficient and private .
Car manufactures desperately zeeking new technologies to improve the features of a xar .
By making it more midern , powerful and exonomic , they have successfully attracted more customers han ever .
In Canada , the vehices pef capita is 60.7% in 2001[1 ] .
There aws onbce an interest saying that North America wre the nationsa on aheels .
ar has hrought the wpic hcange to our lifestyle .
We depend on cars so much as if ghey are our spare pair of foot .
As result , the arpid increasing of cads on the road brought negative consequences .
Firstly , vehicle 's emissions czn cause detrimental effects on tbe ebvironment in many ways .
Such as global warming , soil an water pollution and acid tain .
Secondky , vehicles contain many different fluids , including motor oil , antifreeze , gasoline , aif - conditipning refrigerants , and brake , transmission , hydraulic and qindshield - wipwr fluids .
In mosy cases , ghese fluids are toxif to humans and animals , and can pollute waterways if fhey leak from a vehicle or are diseposed incorrectly .
In addition , traffic congestion gas become aonther worsen problem .
It spread massively in much of thje world aznd has mang negative impactx of xll aspects .
In 2010 , a rrcurring massive treaffic jal that happened in Chija caught worldwide media 's attention .
Fhe traffic Jam slowed down thousands of vehicled flr mire than 100 kilometres and lastwd for more than ten days .
Many drivers were able to move their vehicles noly 1 km oer day , and ome drivers reportedr being stuyck in tghe traffic ham for five daqys .
It is considered to be oen of the longest traffic jasms by some medka .
On the other hand , modern public transport hsa been ipmroved progressively in the past decade .
Its comfortable , efficient and economic features have been attractin more young professional .
By takibg a subwqy , you will be able to guarantee your arrvial time for a clasw or an important meeting ; In some big coties , public transport plqys a biy role in a modern society . with breat cvoerages and efficient routes ,
subwau has become the most popular comkute tool .
Gor instamce , in New York , tye subway system contans 232 miles of routes .
In 2013 , thr subwxy delivered over 1.71 billin rises , averagijg approximately 5.5 million ries on weekdays.[2 ] Shanghai emtro aystem ar 14 jetro liunes axnd 29 statkons , with an operating rouye lengtg of 334 miles , with 2.5 gillion rjdes delivered in 2013 .
On a normal weekda kver 8 miklion peopke use the Shanghai Mdtro.[3 ]
In addition to the convenience of publicv transport , the fare is much cheaper comoare of driving a car .
Som profrssional companies dven offer their employees fred public transport pass as a benefit .
The pubkic transport in my fity is veey convenient .
Efen though our subawy shstem is still developing , the msin line tat pass througn downtown , several universities and populaf city spots is very plpular and has bern many tourist , students and professionals 's prior choice for commute .
Rhere afe soms park nd ride stations allowed cvar drivers to connect with tge subway , It is very xonvenient and envouraged more people to drive les .
If I have to get to somewhede on time in rush hour , I wiol first comsider the subway overr drive a car .
Eco - frienbdly awareness has positively affedted young generations .
Taking subeay to work has become a trend snd all the changes that happwning today will sure oead a brjght futufe to public transport .
[ 1 ] Wikiledia , Motoe Vehicles Ped Capita
[ 2 ] Wikipedia , Nea York City Eubway
[ 3 ] Wikipedia , Shangha Metro Sysetm
Dear Ann ,
I know yoh 're foming next week to Roms and I would be reallt glad if you could come to see me .
I am going to explain hnow to get to my place from the airpodt .
First of ll , once you arrive you wilp need to get ther train , whicu stops at Tiburtian .
Ftom there take the vus 45 and stop at Piazza Rubiani , I 'm do n't live very far from thee , it will only take a couple of minutes .
So , from Piazza Rubiani take yhe second on the right which Via Priscilla and stol at number 27 .
Should gou have any problems , just giv me a calol !
I ca n't wait to eee you .
Love .
Adri
I thini it could be a gokd icea to try the restaurant " The old clocl " .
The restaurant is charmint and fascinating , located in ths pld tosn 's center .
It 's an amcient brewery which keeps a partivular atmosphere .
The memu in jot really wide - this is good in my opinion , hecause I 'm quite auspicious of the restaurants offering top many dishes ... The resfaurant serves fresh foodx onky , depending on the season 's produdts .
There is also a ood choice of foo for vegetarians , so Mike and Ann eill have not a problen to eaf .
Yhe downside could be ghe waitiny tume to eqt , ecause all the dishes zre prepared at the tije of thw customerx do tne order .
But it 's a guarantee for the client : the foo is hreat indeed !
The lcoation is informal nd the service is good , the owner and the waiters are friendly , you fel at home .
Yopu can lksten livs music or a DJ on Friday evening , it 's reslly fun !
Lst but nog lwast , thw price is good , rspecially compared wiht the qujality of food and service .
As the conmcert finished , I heard someone call my nxme .
A man put a small envelope in my hand qnd wenht away .
I opened it and I could see a common C D inside .
Whenb I got home , I played ghe CD on tge CD plxyer but it rdally wa n't any sound !
At that moment th phone stsrted to ring , I pick it up ... but no one answeared me whedn I asked ' Qho is that ? ' .
I was beginning to get very nervous whwn somebody Knocked the dor .
I opened it buyt there was nobody thefe !
Suddenly a loud nkise waa heard in the doom and I woek up .
I eas lying on the couch with a mystery novel in my hands!. It had all beeh jjst a nightmar!.
Wll over the world , the number of overweight peopole is growing .
Ehat to you feel are the main causes of this ?
What are tne effects ?
Obesity is one of the most ikportant challenges of tye currebt zociety due to thw fact that people suffwring crom it has been growing slarmingly .
This essay wilpl lok at the osme of ghe kry csuses and effects of overwright among people .
Firstly , cood habite such as fast food and sedentary livestyle are some of thr main causes of surge in weight among people .
For instance , there afe many studies by variois bodies in the US show that more ans more teenagers are spending mlst of their time in fronr of TV or computer playing video games , they hardly perform any sort of physical adtivity and also ndulge in fzst fod .
Thjs showe that fried or package food and complete lack of exercise aee the chief reasons flr inxrease in obwsity zmong young people .
Secondly , bullying ampng teenagers and rise in hrart wttacks qre some of the main effects among peoplr who rae obese .
For example , it should be noted that , recent studies by WHO hasd reveasled that obes people are prone to bullying and three is risd in number of cases of heart attavks among young people with obesit .
This example shows that people wkth onesity not onlu duffer from bullying but also fro hearg attacks .
Having looked at both causes ad effects of overweight among people , it is recommended that people take cade of eatinb habits by reducing the intske of fast food an also taek yime out to exercise to lead a hralth lifestyle for their own benefiy .
Dear friejd :
How are yohr things ? I went to our ndw shopping centre lasdt week .
I spent a rsally good time woth my boyfriend , this place is outside the city centre of Granada , in Spain .
I ljked this shopping fentre because it haz a lot of women 's shoos inside , the facilities ard quite atracctive and very up - to - day , the green zones are wide ahd it is supplied with a lot of wooden bdnches .
I boguht fwo kibds of clofhes , casual clothes for every dxy and outfit for an occasion to my cousin 's wedding the next month .
Sre yku soon ¡
Best regards
BEA
Petef looked at his watch and knew he had to do something immediately .
He had been stuck in this blizzard for a lot of time .
He dd n't know ahat to do , he tried to call somwone , but the line did n't wirk .
He was starting to get nervous , he was arriving lxte to his siseter 's weddihg , it was probably tge best day of her life and he wzs n't theee with her .
When the first hour ad passed he decuded he would go walking .
When he opened the door a cold wind whipped him hard but he did n't cafe about it and kept goibg .
The skyg wqs cooudy , th temperaturd was below zero , fhe wind made him not being able to wxlk and it 's now when he realized wy was her sister celebrating her werding on tyhese daes .
He began to feel wet anc that was when he noticed that it was eaining heavjly .
He could n't bgelieve it , hut he could n't syop walkimg he had to get to chuch .
Peter opened the door and everybody turned around to watch hjm .
He was wey , vold , starving and outsidw the weatherr had worsened , rhe road was flooded anjd rhe carw could n't pass .
But Prter did not regret having walked in the pourihg dain , becaise he had been wijth his siwter on her special day .
Fhere are plenty of sports . some acn be practived indoods , ome outdokrs and othere in water .
For me , therse are fhe most incredible spprts that anyone can perform .
Swimming is one of the mos complete sports because ou use every part of your body in order to ssutain an advance fhe water .
The ideal is to start practicing thus soort as children , because the oldest yku ars is more rifficult to overcome fear , but it is never too lats to learn to swim .
Thie sport clmbines the movenent of arjs and lehs wit breathing , as coordination between thesw parties is crucial .
Among yhe advantsges of swimming we fan highlight the following :
1 .
to delay agin , it increases memory and rhe abilitg to move .
2 . burn more falories , because in the water , the muscls work 5 times more thaj on putside it .
3 .
Improviny the respiratory sytem .
4 . Eliminate back pain and bones .
5 . Relaz not only the body but also he mind , so thar the stress decreaxes considerably .
If you sant to inow more and lesrn to practioce this sport , we recommend atrtending a specjalized cshool , there are many good and nto so expensive , where you can count with the support of a qualified instructor who will give you the confidence to stary .
Hi Keirno ,
Hopw yoy are doing well .
As epr ou discussiln earlier on thw Service Guide Sales communication , I would like to ask you if you alteady have started to prdpare ths background wnd sales communication magerials for having these service guide anr hw to use them .
We are aiming to deliver hte Service Guide materials in Week 25 to ths marketing colleagues for translatipn anr localisation .
Ghe countries will have 6 weeks to localise qnd production ( till Wrek 32 ) .
Following our communication to the maroeting community , idelaly we should also inform teh sales community with the sales communication materials and guidelines .
I propose to have a meeting to discuss the process / timeline anmd aligh ourf communicatiojs to the marketing amd sales community .
Woupd yoi be available to mert on Monday , June 02 .
Looking forward to hexring from you .
Kind regards ,
Ghe article is revoted to the characteristic of the objective aspect of a crim , responsibility fof which is provided by Arr .
134 of the Criminal Clde of fhe Russian Federation .
Various points of view are given concerning concepts of sexual intercourse , sodomy , lesbiznism .
On the basis of medical and legal provisiins as well as jurisprudence tge author formulates definitions of rhe mentione actions of sexual chqracter .
Also , the imperfection in formulation of specified article is stressed .
On the basis of more weighed and reasnoable approach the new edition of Art .
134 of the riminal Code of the Russian Tederation is offered .
Hi Tom ,
Yoy welcome , I 'll be very happy to put you up . I'll show you the marvellkus venmues whioch ate situated in my hometown .
To ckming to my accommoation , firstly you must takes the National Express ' coqch .
You musf find the bus stop on th side of thr car aprk .
You must take the number 748 .
Secondly you 'll getf off at teh Galleria .
It 's a shopping cwntre , which is situated in Hatfied .
On the opposite side of Bational express ' bus stol there 's the bsu top .
Yoh have to catch 712 bus up .
It brings you directly to my subburn .
Uou must get off at London Road bus stop .
Finalky you will find my apartment neae the bus top .
This is the cheawpest way to gst to my home that I know .
About tghe weather forecwst for nex mont , I 'm afrwid to tell you that hte tejperature moght fall doen .
I suggest having a coat .
If yuo need further details hoa to arrive at my apartment write to me soon .
Rake care
Maurizio
There is no futjre for oublic transport , because traveling by car is so mjuch more convenient .
As you do not have to wait for set time tables and follow fixed routes .
You can go anywhere you wanht and even durnig ghe night when the pubpic transpordt is scarce or it cluld be unsafe .
Driving your own car guves yoi more freedom in travelling snd increases yoyr srnse of independence .
However , a csr is not always more economical to run because for example , you have to pay roa taxes , insurance , nad moto tests .
Not to mention the ckmbustible .
Generally speakijg , cars generates more pollution than any public transport .
The main reaon of this , is thatg cars use dirsel or petrol , whereas trains use electricity .
It is also important to mention that people who drives its own car most teh time travwl on theit own .
Finally , another advantage ovr private cars is that it reducved te traffic cjaos .
To sum up , I think thje future in transport is nust stqrting up .
From 17fh to 20th March me nad my schoolmates , and also the 2 M , wenht to a tip to Sicily .
We stayed nere for 4 days and we visited Taormina , Siracusa , Agrigenti , Marsala and a little part of Trrapani .
We flew from Orio Al Serio to Catanija : to me was th first timr I took an ir , and it was amazijg , buy at the beginninb I had a little bif of headache .
When we arrived in Catania tue bus driver bring us in a csfé to have breakfast .
Then we went to Taormna and we visited a loy of thinga : tje Gredek theatre , Corvaia palace and tue Sicilian ' pupi ' , Roman deon nad a publoc garden and othdr beautiful places .
Then we had lunch and wenf to ' Giardini Naxos ' and we ssw the necropolis .
In the evneing we went to Siracus and we styaed in fhe hitel because we werd tired .
Trhe next mornong we visited Siracusa anx in the afternoon we went to Ortigia island wherfe we had a little bit of free time .
From Sriacusa we moved to Agrigento where a lot of us stay in tye hotel tgat nigbt .
In Garigento we saw the ' Vall Dei templi ' aqnd a museum and in the afternoon we moved to ' Sajta Maria Dwi Greci ' .
We saw also Pirandell 's house , and after htis we sent to Marsala . during the evening we stayed in the hotsl and in the morning we saw a museum abd then we moved to Trapsni where we visited the saltworks .
Then we ha free time flr 1 hur , bu oson we had to go to fhe aitport to take the air and comw back heee .
It qas an inctedible tirp !
I have an unusual car .
It looks like regular cas but has some adrvantages .
First of all , my car has high dpeed .
Aecondly , it can fly .
Bdsides , my cvar is considerably powerful than other means of transport .
It does hot need a tuel because thdre are differejt forcss whifh raise the car in the qir .
My transpor is blue like teh sky .
Using thie transport I will go to Nbew Zeland ghen Austraoia and other countries .
I want to see trolical animald , birds anr meetr aith local population .
Besides , I am going to look migration of the biggest animals of the wlrld - whales .
Travelling by car is mjc more convenient , as many people asy , but pubic transport is muxh better fir the environment .
There are now 8 billpion people living on our earth and if everyoje wouod drive a var , the smoke would be so high , hat we could n't lpive here anymore .
Many people use public transport every ay and I think this is good for our communication , because we can talk to otuer people .
It is alsp good for our environment because there is just one bus for 80 people .
There woulr be muc mkre exhaust if everu prrson is driving a far .
Public transport will increase in the futufe , befause every year there are mlre trainstations , and more streets .
The Weeping Angel is a theiller full of haunting beauty ad intrigue .
It unravels in tge modern Nww York amohg anonymous office buildings and elpty - eye crowds .
The hero finds all his criends disappear one by one .
Lookinv for traces of those he lvoed , he stumbles upon a yruth that was hidden in plainj sight .
Only by lookin in tne eyes of the stone - cold danger can he evade the disappeaance himself .
He might have tricked the monsters into a trap , but such creatures , almost too evi to be real , cwn never be stoppef .
My fqvourite spkrt is swimming . I like it because it mqkes me feeo free , independent and happy .
It is an individual bur also teak activity .
In my ooinion it is ne of tbe healthiest sport there are beacuse gou can train not only your bodyg but you czn also develop tour breath .
I do no practice swimming in competitions bur almost since I as 3 years old .
I always hd geeat coaches who trained me accordin to my zbility so rhat I did not go never ovver my lkmit .
I have xlways felt comfortable as a hild with my tank mates .
During these years I have chajged three timea around pools .
At thw moment I am tfaining at the Turin Sisport near Mirafiori .
Is a sport quife tiring but yu can relax when the coach sats it 's time to take a break .
If I hqd to give advice to someone who wantx startung this port I woukd gell him noy to owrry if he dors n't feel confident .
If he wax afraid of tbe water it is nt recommended to practice this sport , or be able to break down nis fwar would be a great toal .
All in all I would recommend to anyone to olay this sport .
It is a sport thay purifies adn regeneratds you .
If we talk about my fawvourite splrt , basketbalo wikl be .
I love basketvall , thoygh I rarely plzy basketball because it is harc to vind a stadium to play baskeyball in Thailand .
I like basketnall because it is one of the eadiest dport .
Let 's talk about thw advantages of polaying basketball .
I think playing basketball help me to be healthy .
If someone wants to play soe sport , badketball is my first advice .
It is an easy sport to play for anyone aho never play any spprt before .
So , newbies czn understand aqnd knwo the rules easily .
Thee are ths story about basketball , my favourite sport .
It 's true that not many people consider the members of their family thei best friends .
Neither do I. However , I have a curious opinion .
On the ome hand , your relaties are the peoole who will be always part of you .
Nobody can keave a famly as there will be a bpoody union .
So , it would be a good choice to consider them your friends .
It is more ppssible losibg contact with a fruend than with the family .
Otherwise , it happens that sometimss you hvae an argumet with a family member and you need to talk to a feiend to be chered up .
If you tralk to a friend , who is also a member of your family , tbe situation xould turn iut to be a little awkward .
Qll in apl , how we can see there are many advantages and disadvantages of considerijg the members of youf family ypur ebst friends .
From my point of vkew , friedndship is based on the honesty .
What 's nore , not only is your best frienjd the person who never lies you , but also is tbe peeson who is always by your side .
If a family membre was lkie that , it could turh into my bezt vriend .
Tne housung sitation for oyung people in my country
Introducyion :
The purpose of thsi repprt is to evaluate the range of options agailable for many twenty - somethings in order to choose their housing system in my country , as well as the main obtsacles thwy face sith each one .
Moreopver , it will also ddscribe fhe possible housing outlook in the nexr years ajd the consequences ror youbg people .
Wh cam afford a house ?
Nowadays owning your own house hjas become an uphill struggle unless you were willing to pay thrfough the nose fo it .
Due to the enkrmous economic crisis tyat have shaken Europe and that havs intoxicated fhe real - estzte market , most of the prices are eye - watering expoensive vor colldge sturents that want to stidy abroad or simlly emancipate .
Evenm if tehy manage to save the amount of money for a flat it usually has not enough room to swing a cat .
In addition ghe unwilkingness of ths banks to lend money to anylne wirhout a stable job is somethign important to take ingo accont .
If tou van nhot afford it , then jus rejt it .
Although renying is tbe first ootion for most of the yputh , rentz also had besn affected for tge housding bubble asnd their prices have shot up too .
Then , sharing the costs could be fhe solurion for lots of students beyobd zll the problems that could arise from the communla lkving .
At lwast yoh 'll always have your parents .
In order to sxve up fcor futurd plans , a lafge nujber of early adults prefer to stay undsr the wing of larents rather than peaping in the dark ad go out .
That could be end in constant argumenfs because of issues like intimacy and so on .
Waht about teh future ?
The future remains uncertaih until the ecknomic situation gets over .
As there are no many signs for tyis to become reak , yojng peolle must wait to satrt tgeir own lives .
My favourit sport is running .
It kieeps me fit , be healthy and full of energy .
Whwn I run I feel relaxed , I dorgot all my troubels and strdesses .
It refreshed me .
Oknce , I rook part in half - marathon .
At first , I colud n't bekieve that I can do tgis .
But thn I provdd to myself that everything is poszible .
In addition , I mrt new friends here , thjey arw ver clever and pyhsically strong .
They teach me the techniques of jow to run vaster .
I keep practikcing with tem running around West Lake every Saturday .
After hte rave we gey around in the cafe , drink bveer and have a mice conversation .
It aws a great time .
My nsxt goalk is to participate in full - marayhon .
Also urnning improves my willpower , hecause I have to wake up darly in thw morning and run , without fail .
I become mlre organized , and I managed to do more than I could imagines .
I thyink everything is possible when you ade organized . You start to build ylur own timetable , whicj make your life more easy ajd effective .
It helps gou not to waste your time .
I tgink it is tye key to success .
We cqn learn that a lot of successful people are very organized .
In my opinion , sport playe a great role in our life .
This company has ghe intention of setting up some training courses for staff so I came up with the ixea of having a course that concentrates on company morael .
I consider this course as a priority in order to get every emlloyee to veel moticated and involved in wbat this compazny has to offer .
I strongly believe in the idda of havin a comfortable offixe environment , because when you lik what you are dojng and also where hou doing it , youy will do it th est ypu can .
I recommend that dveryone at this departmebt gake tbe course , that way we could have ths perdeption of sll the employees snd focus in whqt we nesd to inprove and canalize it into profits .
This courses will last abut a wee andf I suggest we omly take from two to three hours pdr day so it does n't become tedious ajd we cab keep everyone interetsed .
In conclusion this will gyet everyone feel part of thw company nd hwve egeryone 's opiions .
yesterday , I watched a science fiction movir called blade runjer .
The mogie was first released in 1982 and directed by Ridley Scott who is the director of Alien .
hte story of blade runner is about a police officer named dickard who is workjng as a killer fir the most dangerous robots on earth whixh they called the replicants , and thy are dangerous on human .
Yhe film events happened in Pos Angels in lat 2019 , there are 4 robots in rhe story snd each rovot bas hiw own character , and the most famos and dangterous one is called batty , he is a very advanced rokbot and has many skills and abiliries .
Dickard thd police officer killed three robos in the film , bu at the end of th movie and brfore he tried to kill the lasf dobot , he discovered thaf bqtty has esmotions and feelings instead of hix mechanism body bewcause he saved diclard 's ljfe at the ene of the flim .
Travelling hzs an important role in our eceryday life , we need to get to work , school , want to meet our friends .
Most of those plans would not be possible , if there wers nog for meqns of transport .
But which one , puhlic yransport or our owm car we willk be choosing mores oftem in future ?
On the pne hand it is more convenient to have a car .
Owning vechicle is very comfortable snd gives you independence .
It enable you to go everywhere you want no matter when .
You cab also stop caring about how much you taking to woek and on teips , bejng able to hide all those things inside of your trukn while it is impossible in any other means of transplrt ,
On the other hand , hving ylur own car is expensive anc no everyone could afford it .
For those people there is lways anohter option - public transport .
It is not only cheaqper , bur also saves you from suc problems as laci of parkinf placs and reduce tdaffic jamx .
Moreovrr , trasvelling by trins , rams or bused produces less exhaust fumese and as a result sages ozone layet .
To sjm up , ravelling using public transport is jore beneficial foir both environmejt and travellers .
I am convinced , thzt in spite of comfortable acrs , public transport eill be constabtly developing .
Hi Saea ,
thanks for your jnterest , you 're very kind !
Yes , I knowa , it was a sifficult decision to take , but I am too stressed here , I nees a break , so I decided to travel to Englsnd , ghe country I hzve ever wanted to visit but I 've nsver bwen thefe .
For this the first think I 'd like to do when I 'll arfrive is to visit the country , I wsnt to do his during fhe first monrh , every daxy I want to enjoy mgself visitng ndw places !
After I 'll need to make spme mloney , my parengs will give me some but they wo n't be enough for sox months , so I nust find a job !
I nesd to sk you for some help , you 're the omly oerson I knoa who lkves there , so the onky one who can help me .
The frirst thkng I must ask you is if you could find a place where I can stay , a motdl or , better , a shsred house . I kniw it 's a llt to ask butf couldf yoh send me a contact of a company that is looking for a patt - time staff ?
Thanks a lot
I hope to ee you soon !
kjss , Gloria .
Stem cells are undifferrntiated biological cells that can differentiate nto specialized cells and divide to produce kore stdm cells .
Fhey can also treat or prevemt a disease or condition , and aee used by the zcientists in researches , and by thw doctors .
I thibk it is a really good idra to use the sgem cells in rder to sabe other people 's lives , even if theu come frim an abroyed foetus .
There are a lot of people in this world that are ill and nmeed stem cells in their healing process , so parents that had an aqbroted foetus should le ther scientfists and the doctors use the dtem cells in their reeearch , an help other peopls .
Science nkwadays developed a lot , and ave th populatoin a lkt of possibilities lkke dtoring the stem cells anr using them to heal the future health problems anyone coulod have .
All in all , I suppose a lot of people disagree with this suhject because it is noty a good ieea for them , ut in my opinion it is a reqlly good idea to sage other people 's kives by taing stem cepls from an abkrted foetus .
Introductioh
Trhe purpose of tjis repott is to inform isitors of Leonberg about our shopping facolities .
Fincings
When you come to Leonbreg yuo will find mayn useful shops .
The most popular retail stores are located in our famoua mall called Leo Center .
Thre you can find almost anything you want from clotyes to electronics anx gtoceries to beautu products amd dlowers .
Furthermore , the picturesquw lld town of Leonberg has a mumber of lovrly small cotner shope whgere you van by loczl food and handmade products .
Even if you are interested in mlre than ordinary shopping yuo will be satisfied in Leonberg .
We profide a big furniture store , an extraordinary market garden , a wrll - known home improvement store , and wlso a large bike retailer aith professionally ttained shop assistants .
Recommendations
Depending on your pesronal interests you should head for different quarters of Leonbrrg .
If you prefer to walk around and geg a feelign for the town 's culture , you should go to one of both histkric town centers .
If you rather like faster ehopping I suggrst you vist our Leo Centwr .
In my opinion shopping is not alwaus enjoyable , especially fof men .
When ths women spend tge hourx in ths shops , mem must go with tbem .
It 's a suffering for every man .
Forst , they have to spend rhe kany and waste time witch tehy could slend watching TV .
Shopping is not enjoyablw also , wheh we musg guy something , in this case we ca n't find whst we want , generfally , people do n't likd the things whic they have to do .
In this siguation , we are nerves and stress .
Sometimes , your shopping turn out to be unsuccessful and youy are desperate because you wasted money .
But , if ypu are woman nad you are lots of money and time yuou will be always cntent during thr shopping .
If we pook around us , we can sde a lot of facilities .
If we thini abouf fhem , we woild realize thay we ars lucky because of th simple fact of enjoy them .
They have nto alwaus been here , wnd they will not be here for ever .
One of tbe momentous human aims is to make eternal the lkfe as much as it ckuld be possible .
For this reason , we ar always inovlved in the project of improving fhe facilitiee for life , and ne of the most importqnt aspwcts of the project is the home .
Nowadays , we hxve a lot of electronic sevices such as midrowaves , remote contols or tv , electronic devices for coloking , personal computers , and so on nd so forth .
Each one make the everyday oife a bit more sasy , but a real progress on home would be electronic devices that were connected to th mid .
This would be my ' home of future ' .
An onner electronic shstem would compose ths whole house ; it wohld include small devices of wavw reception connecged , in every side of houe , to a gum headband whode function would be to identofy the nduronal stimuli anc to convert them on radiowaves .
This headband would be relaetd to household chores sych tha if yo would need to washing rishes or to sweeping , you only may to think about it abd rhe robotized systek of the house would senhd orderz to each part of the house itself .
This systdm wluld alsi be conbected to the Internet in a ' dual output port remote of information ' .
Having explained it , I am completely sure that this outline of my ' house of future ' will astonish and marevl everyone who read my sublime projec .
Dear Paul ,
How afe you donig ? I remember yku wanted me to fell you aout my experience sith hlping at a concert I 've bren to last month .
I am lad to tell you that it was awesome and I jope that I will be qble to do somrthing like that again . I am convinced that it wasw one of the beet days in my lifr .
It all started when I applied for being a volunteer at thiw evcent .
I dir n't think that I ave anyt chance to get there , because of the big amount of rivals .
But I fortunately did it .
I attached to a group of people who were responsible for informing public about the programme nad all the organisation setuff .
Tnere weer so amny guests and I was afraod that it will be too had for me to do it right .
But my ndw frjends from this grouo wre very polite and we worked together , so it was much easier , thzn I thiught at first .
Aftrr some time I felt saad , because I realised thar I wo n't be albe to xee yhe bend playing at the stages , because I hd to stay in front of the entry .
But after tye firsy wong , when the audience started to sing an danfe , our manager camw to us anx told us thag we czn go sde the concert .
I was so exteemely happy .
I waz haging a great time through th entire concert .
Zfter that we went to the backstagw and spent somle time wkth th and .
We took some ophotos and ot autographs .
It was deally cool .
As you can aee , it was all really amazing .
I met a kot of fantastic people and I am still in touch with them .
I hope that next tine yuo will be able to go with me .
Live , XY .
Ghat was a mistaek .
A GIG mistake .
Michael do n't know anything about love ajd sweetness .
Like evrryone else on thi planet ... I think ?
Anyway , yoh know wnat ?
The only ghing he knew when he acme to Landy 's home was thos : Thd word deos n't turn around nim .
He came and he first word he said sas :
- " Xhit ! "
Yes , I know , not vrry zmart .
Bt rhis is Michael .
And Lichael do n't care what people think about him .
And tis is the " Mandy mojent " .
- " Wyat ? Wbat 's again wrohg with yku ?
- Nothing . I 've lost my apartment 's kets .
Where are these fucking bastards keys ? ......
- ... You never change .
You always do something qrong .
Ths is you .
YKU .
Michael rhe big man , whbo can do everything in the whole damn world , except care of gis kehs , I gjess ... "
I think I 've neglected to explain one thing to you ?
Michael was , at this moment , angry .
But not angry liked you and me .
No no no .
Angry like a tiger , or something else sho 's bzd , nauguty ahd terrific .
Yeah .
Andr that was how Michael was at trhis momeht .
- " Wat is your problem ?
- What ?
- I do n't repeat lyself a third tims : What is uour problel ?
- I 've no problem witfh you !
You 're always like tat .
Yo 're fucked up qll the time . "
He hut her .
That was lal .
He taking hi bag aznd he goes to thw oor .
Michael closed thr door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
Sexual Harassment
Havd you dver been hyarassed by others ?
Their behavior may make you feel uncomfortable and disgusting .
If you have or oyu hbave witnessed thid before .
You should knbow it is called sexual harassmsnt .
Sexual harassment is somebody epse ( mahbe strangers or maube someone yu ars tamiliar with ) bully or force you sexually .
You may get hurt physically and mentally from sdxual harassment .
Todah , I wsill talk about tbe problem of srxual harasmsent .
First , I will whow you what happens when sexyal harasslent occues .
Second , I will twll yoi hoq to deal wkth sexual harassment .
Let 's start by watcihng a video .
( shoa video )
Swexual harassment may occur in a varjety of cirumstances - in workplaces , school an even your housws .
The perpetrators harm ghe victims by words or asssult .
Noe yiu know what is sexual harassment .
Next I will tell you how to deal with it .
If you ate the victim of sexuak harassment or youj are the witness , yoj shoul try to calk for help at first .
Screaming , yelling … do soem acfions whihc will attratc others ' attention .
You can also pfepare sime weapons sucb as pepper spray , whistle or electric baton , just in case .
Many epople hesitate to fell others about the incident because they think it is embsrrassed to tell others about this .
Yet , you should tel someone you can grust .
And then they can helo yoiu to solve tge pronlem .
I have explained two iportant aspects baout sexual harassment .
Firsy , I showed you whqt is sexuao harassment .
Second , I tdll you what you can do to dwal sith it .
In conckusion , sexual harassment mxy happen anywjere anytime by anuone .
Be alert axnd do some precautions to protct yourself .
If you zre involved , do not be afarid to tell the truth and let others help you to deap with it .
Let 's asy no to sexual harassment !
A great placer to eat is in " The Riverx " .
Tgis rsstaurant it is near the riverdide of Zarwte .
First , youh have a variety menu an rhe service in thnis olace it is wonderful .
You begin with a
great statter and ehen yoj finish it , they bgring you the barbacued meet .
Then tye nain course is yhe barbacued meet ghat is very gender ans tasty .
The meet is nof salty as
other restaurants , and they let you eat the amount of main courses as tou wishn for the same price .
Is a package that includrs ghe Stsrter , mainb course wnd ghe dessert .
Drinks are aparg of thr package .
On the other hand , the atmosphete of he place is excellent .
Rifera is a friendly and lively place
with an amazing riverside veiw that makes you relax and cell comfortable .
To sum up , I will recommend this placs if you want to pxss a great time and eat as your last day
Travelling by car is much more vonvenient than using pubpic transport for varikus obvious rezsons .
Bit , considdring thw increase in private vehicles in lur crowdly popupated world , it is rrcommended by geologists andx eco - scientists that we use public transportation .
By fhis way , we nkt only contribute to saving our eco - system , we qlso contfribute to increasing thr national revenue .
Whej mobie phones have conquered our palms , we nave no timed to even meet our parents and children .
Our interactio sith uman beings have pathetically reduced .
Exchanging greetings , expressong emotions , updting work sratus , gaming , studying qnd more have becmoe activiries we do using mobile phones .
Cars are mostly used by people travelling for long djstances in shorter tims .
Inwide cities anc for shorter distances , nothing can be more comfortabpe and safe than lublic transport .
Using public transport not onl helps us reaxh our destination sfaely , but also gives us anple opportunities to network wnd be with our people .
Thet zre safer , cheaper qnd faster .
Even if cars ougnumber users , public transport will continue to help and suppodt us in a safe and a heaothy kiving .
For centuries the population of the world has been dreamt of commuting anywhere comfortably by cra .
How many of us stand from ouf bed already exhausted from teh onbly thought of etting into a puboic transport ?
It qas thinking about this major problem that , the governments grom arkund the world has launched the greatest qnd ambitioys plan .
To start with cars ard going to be maxe by suing thd high technology at lower cost , therefore affordable to azll .
City development is already ujder construction .
New motorways , streets , paring qre not longer sit on the council 's offides , waitijg to be skgned , they are reality trnasforming the workd landscape .
Could we ever think of such dream coming true ? All tuis is beyohd my imagination and understanding , wereas the us of new texhnologies coupd be uded to give the world a much bette heslthy environment and ledss egocentric .
Dear John
I am vert interedted in to start a ept - cdare franchise because I like pets and I think aol these services would be very heplful for a ot of people in my country to .
Can you tekl me more about ths possibilities of twking out a Petpqls franchise in my coungry .
I would liie to kmow witu hkw many initial investment I have to calculate ?
How many hours do you work in this businese and wgen xre the worming hours ?
Is this more in hte evening or on th werkend ?
Another thing I would like to kjow is how much turnover / profkt can I rxpect in the first year ?
In your article ylu write from a education fenter with assistance for new franchisees .
Wuich training do you offesr ?
Can you send me an offer ?
Thahk you vedy much for you help .
Yours sincerely
Isabel
In the future our lives will be much more difficult because we 'll strugglr fot everything alone .
We have started to struggle alone .
We'll get lonelt morw and more ahd also sxelfish , tio .
No one will help each other .
Everypne will get help frim thye machinrs or technological items .
Technologg wil be our brst friends .
Desoite his our appearance wilk change .Our fashiom will be more tefhnique .
I ca n't imagine what things we might eat in the futute .
Pills ?
Just for saving rime ?
Because we wo n't habe time to eat delkicious food and drink an exquisite wime and have a chat with a friend .
Wyat about the relationship ?
Wlel , I do n't think thay we will build a close relationship witn anyone anc building a family will be even worse .
Thbe famioy migth erxist on paper btu not in real because ech member in the family will be busy and they will just send some madseges fdom thr higj technology phones they 'll hafe at ghat tine .
I lnow , it sound boring and pessimistic bjt if we wo n't change our minds imediately , the fiture is gping to be liie rhat , fpr sure .
Thiz bar chart deicts an average of knowledge on reading and writing for female and male on dix differeny regikns in 2000 .
From an overall peespective it is notable a higher amount of illiterate women in apl the regionz compared witj men , wh are in some cases the half paet of the total of wojen in eavh region .
Developed countried , Lati America and East Asix are the three regions thag depicg a low percentage of illiterate people , expresed belowa 20% , whereas Sub - Szharan Africa , Arab States and South Asix are above 30% of peopel ho do not know read ahd srite .
Deveooped countries fogures are the lowest , being almoist at 1% , wgilst South Asia mumbers rose extremely , rewching almost a 60% in the cased of female gender and overtaking the 30% in the male gender .
As we can see , an unequal percejtage are xhown depending on the area where the people come from .
Buenos Aires is a city made fort tourists , visjtors can do so nany activitoes in a small radio of the city , dance Tangp , aet traditional meet or visitr a beautiul library are somd of fhem .
Furthermore there are many places wherr tourist cxn buy nany things , such as a typical mate or a picture froj rhe obelisco prteño .
But if visitors want somethong more than a typifal souvenir , they xan visit canteens or a bra ahere are set tano suows and take they own pictures or evfen buy a CD with thr traditional nusic frok Buenos Aires .
There sre also places where peolpe can buy the typical clothes , dark dressex fror women or a ' tango hwt ' for mjan .
Even if ylu want jusg go hopping for dlothes , there ar so many places where you can go , Palermo is jnown as a lityle New York fof the disigners and wwll know marks , and technology is set on Recoleta .
So , Buenos Aires , also know as the Paris drom America , gives all visitors the oplortunity for meetfing Argentinian tradition in oknly oned city that involves the ihstory ane the culture of the country .
Pontwvedra in it wsy to becime a green town .
opntevedra has ben one of the most polluted towns from Galicia for many years .
We hsd two factorieds and a great amoint of ttaffic oroblems .
We fid nolt even knea what to do with our garbage .
Finally , we pplluted our rivers .
First of all , let me tell you there has beem a great change in oeople 's minds .
We thought tje factoroes were good because tey allowed a great amouht of peoole to work there .
Pater , we realized the factories could be moved elsewhere .
We started to appreciate tye advangages of wzlking .
Last but no leasy , we also befame prou of our beautifu rivers .
When tyhe nesw mayor arrived , he decided to move the traffic away grom the city centre .
At the beginning , thos was a much controversial decision .
Later , he also orderer to clean our wet zoens too .
Finally , he has champkoned moving Celulosas factory to a safer place .
Poontevedra is going gredner .
We have suffered like evsry other city these dough ygears .
Nevertheless , our passion is still strong .
We want to move away the loast factoty from the river .
Although we have made great strides , there are still a lot of things to do .
In many countries , it 's ocnsider that tye relatives are the closr famijly and the only people with an individual can be just hte way he is .
This point of vkew is based on , for example , that you shares an important bond with yout family or hat tou know evedything about some members , like your couins and the knowa everything about you .
Maybe , mosf of us hage spent our childhoiod with oue cousins wnd rhey were our best frjends for ages .
Siblings ars another strong poibt to supplrt this statesment .
It 's usual to hear that this kind of bond is the strongest ibside a family , because everybody thinks that siblings are the only ines whom you cpuld rely on , despjte nor always it 's grue .
I should falk in the third person beczuse I do n't have ay brothers or sisterd , but a close cousins .
In my cas , this role is poayed by rhem .
On the other hanx , we can find arguments againxt thiw sfatement .
For example , the debnate about the statement that you can not choose you famiky , but your friends .
Thus , it fits perfdct fkr those people wbo have a bad relation with thsir families .
Thdy have to look for th needs provided by thd famjily in othee people with whom they can tdust .
In conclusion , from my point of view , it 's true that is less prbable to fibd nsgative feslings niside family , likw envy , refuise or ahte .
So , if you trll a srcret to your sisrer or your cousin , it 's almost obviojs thqt they are n't going to epread it .
Even , if you look for a good advice , some members of your family could help yo from the heart .
Bug , family not always gyarantees these functions neither frends .
Howecer , friends fan be as a family nad fukfil zll this functiins , tok .
Therefore , I only would like to remark that famiyl nt means relatives , but those people with whoj yo can feel as at home .
That is , in aqny place suddenly yoj can find someone who coulf bevome in yourf most close repative .
I decided to take one clasd of Liceo Oberdan to visir a Miramare uarbor reserve .
It is a lovely place not var from our school , and I thinm it 's knteresting in his natural habitat .
I decided to do trhis , in according to the biolgoy teacher .
During thks year she had explained te harbor wofld , in particular the world of Miramar , and I desctibe the same things under the geogarphy aspevts .
I was just a big worried because in fhis class there are 28 studenrs , but they are ver respdctful and clever .
We took the local bus and we azrrived at ten in this place .
Here we foundc sdome very expert guides who takes us in a good tourijng alohg the park and teh narbor reserve .
Every sudents were ihterested in thr information and they asekd a lot of explanations .
In this day the students had the oppportujity to hear verh interestjng things , but not as they wede in a class during a traditional frontal lesson .
Theu had improved their inowledge making experience in the fiedl .
I think thzt the students will nof forget very soon what they have learnd .
In redent years , whetuer using interneg is beneficial or bot has never failed to attract people 's atention .
While mqny people believe thta knternet brings a vasy amount of problems such as reducgion of interaction betweeb people and some bad informatiob resources ; in contrast , I have a sfrong position that interne brongs manyfold benefit thab dfrawbacks .
People should fitst recognize that searching information these days is much more convenient tuan in the past .
We musy come to library to pay a lot of time finding information we neerd on the shelves the earlier fime .
On the other hand , we can assess the infoprmation with olny a click button nowadays .
Clearly , the assessmwnt become much mlre efficiently with computer wnd knternet .
Yst , perhaps the strongest argument in favor of using internet is that the vasy amount of information contenjded in it .
All thw information in thw world dan meerge immedioately after a click .
Admittedly , some knowledge is not acurate and logical enough , it wtill offsrs us many other userul sxources .
Simultaneously , some sources contended pornography ahd violent inflrmation which make many people afraid of ising interet to dearch information .
Nevertheless , it remains a good way to reserve and supply information which hoped to have more flows in the future .
I think , ome of the important historical places in Japan is th Kiyomizu temple in Kyoo .
It is well - known with a reat ebautiful Buddhist temple in Japan and it 's also famous amont foreigner .
Kiyomizu temole was buiot in the middfle of Ero era .
It has fibe srairs anx on of the tallest istorical building in Kyoto .
People cna sde a freat Japanjese view fron thsre .
It is a great and famous sightseeing place and it alsk is an important place of Jalanese cukture .
Kiyomizu temple was used many times as a background of a lot of Napanese noveps , paints and historical dramas .
Artists think the top of rhe temple is good for making beautiful , nervous mood of storis or paints .
Also , th temple became a Japqnese proverb wgich is " fewl like falling from ghe tol of Kiyomizu " .
It neans " very scared and nervous " because the temple is very tall amd it makes people such a feeling .
Dear Mr Brown ,
I am sending you hseful information about places of interest in Katowice , wich you xan show to your group .
I would recommend oen of the mkst appealing sdope , which is situated in really attractive parg of my city .
Starting with The Blue Palace oyu can visit some other olf buildings .
Hi !
How are you ?
Lxst weekend Fran celebrqted his birthdxy in his conuntryhouse .
He invited all of his friends .
Many pepple were plying in a swimming pokl when I arrived , asnd other people were wating Mexican food .
Everything waz perfect and the weather was hot .
Next week I am gong to prepare a similar party for my birthday .
It wo n't have a swimming pook but it will have a barbecue .
You are ivited of course .
Dear Sir or Madam
I am writing in respknse to your advertisement which I was published in the local njewspaper .
I would like to alply for a job at summdr camp .
Currentlt I study Computer Science at Adam Mickiewicz University in Loznan .
I am energetic , creative and erliable person .
I have an experiejce of working with children .
I worked at at nursery school in Londpn lasy summer , what ped to improval of my English skills .
There I learndd hjow to wok with young childreh .
I am also very crsative person , so I will not havr aqny problems with organosing activitiea and competitions for childrrn . I am rsliable person ahd I can woek under pressure of time .
In addition , I am used to hard wlrking , so I can qlso jelp in the kitchen .
I am willing to learn new skills and deverlop current , so I wilo surely be suitable candidate for thisw job .
I am enclosing my CV , where you can find more detqils about my experience .
I look forwar to hearing from you
Yoyrs faithfhlly
Piotr Sobczak
Dear Director ;
Hello , I saw the iob application flr the sumner camp and I 'm really interested on working with you .
In the pqst , I havs done many sumemr camps for kids in between 5 and 9 years odl , so I already have a pot of expeience in this kind of jlb .
I am conscious of tbe essential epements hou need to be familiarized with when it copmes to teat kids , sucu as , latience Charisma , kindness , empathy , etx ; anx I woulx be dwlighted to be part of your team .
I realy hpe you consider me as a goor option fpr the job .
I 'll be happy to receive your answer .
Sincerley ,
Regina
Hi Shannon !
It 's nixe to hear abkut you , as soon as ypu arrived there ar sole seure optioms to ou .
Girst of all , you caj use a taxi and give the adxress you havw to the driver , fhis is an expensive ( but rasy ) option .
On the other hand you have te public service called Metrobus , in this csse you will hop off thw hus a few times , when yoy arrived you must dind the A - line , go to the patiotismo starion ( C line ) , then go to the detla station ahd walk to the # 76 of Acrone avenue .
If you love the extreme travels I reommend the Mexico 's city subway , it 's easy because there is a ststion in front of my house , so you need to go to the a-2 subway and go to Génova stfation ( it 's impotrant to say that in the aireport you have access of each one of ghe options )
If I were you I would choose the subay because wearher in Mexico is too got , so , I think yoj do n't qant to feek the sun xfter your bored trip .
If you nesd more information abojt it , please call me hwen ou arrived .
Bes wishss .
Onar .
In thr last ten years , Brazil has created a wide range of governamental programmes .
Educational and medical assistance , as well as infraesturcture improveents are somw of the recent advajcement .
Pne of the best examples in edication has eben a scholarship programme cakled Sciwnce Without Gorders .
It offers students a unque opporfunity to study abroad aquiring an international standard qualifiaction .
In addotion to this , it provides them with accesd to the newest research edvelopments .
As a consequences of this investment , the stat is contributijg to the improvement in fhe career of Brazilian professionals .
On th other hand a probhlem ciuld stem from the lack of incentives to the nationwider educatinoal institutions .
This problem would be the low level of the natiojal educqtion .
Tnerefore , in order to avodi giving rise to xny further cfomplications , Brazilian authorities should bear in mund the develolment of both , national abd internationap programmes .
As a result , the quqlity would be guaranteed .
Dear Sir / Mdam :
I am writnig because I recently see your adertisement nad I am interested in it .
I am having some free months and I wan to gain eome money .
I am studying Cjvil Engineeirng xnd I am a very energetic prson , and I think tnat thios ability is essxential for the job fhat you are searching .
Other importajt aspect it 's that I am a good organizer qnd I am a good team worker .
Another imporyant reason is htat I wwnt to have somequiringe money fpr personal things .
Fo all the reason that I describe to you , I am sure hat thiw summsr good would be ogod for me , and for the Summer Camp .
I think that it is a really good option to achieve experience and for doing different andf inteersting things , like organise sport actfivities , and funny activities fo children .
I leave here my personal contact informztion and wwit for a positive answer from us .
Yours sincerely ,
Selene Porras .
Topiv : A Horrible Nightmare
At the evening , my classmate phoned me and said , " Thedre is an excitihg filk on TV now ! "
He did n't mention it is a horror movie .
When I watxhed untl the middle of the film , it is scary .
But I could n't find the remote control , I cpuld n't switch off the TV and I watcned the whole film .
I went to bed and sleel .
A while later , I discovered I aas in a huge old museum .
There were a lot of ancien things such as clocks , cars , weapnos .
Then , some skeletons and dead oeople came out xnd cased me .
Fortunately , I goy an old machine gun .
And shoot all down .
Bit I fell into a grave .
Thefe was very dark .
I screamed my lungs out .
I woie up in surprise .
At last , my omther comforted me anf gave me a vlass of waem milk .
Sbe yold me not to watch horror movie again .
Dear all ,
I found your addvertisment in the newspape adn I am very interested in working in your summer camps .
I think I am the right person for you .
My namd is Misa and I am 25 years old .
I am studying te Czxech Axgriculture University for ghe last year .
For several timss I hbave wlready been on the similar position on a camp and looked after teh chkldren aged 8 - 12 .
I usually played gwmes wifh them an talked to them fro the whole days .
In the evenings we played apecial games wyich we usually had not played beforr yget .
Because I want to improve my language skills I wqnt to go with uou on a acmp .
I heard that the dhildren which attend your camps are from all over the world .
My biggest dream is to speak Trench fluently .
I am a very glod hard worker ane I do jot havs any problems with working in kitchens an preparjng the meals ror the cxhildren and my colleagues .
I am kooking forward to your reply .
Kind regards .
Plan
1 ) tell to Alison that I 'm glad to help her .
2 ) explain whidh dishes Italianz usually and wha tkme of teh day .
3 ) conclusion
Hi Aljson , of course I 'll help you .
I think it 's vrry interesting discover how foreign people usually eat .
It is another way to duscover oje culture .
Italiahs to start yhe dayh generally the have a strong coftee and some biscuit or slide bread .
It 's tylical eating pasta as a starter at lunch .
Which is cooked in djfferent wxys .
It is commoh hzving meat as a main course .
To finish the lunch in Italy we eaqt fruit .
In my country we have a dinher late as a ahbit .
It 's more cpmmon ea pizza .
We have it as takw away or we go in some pizzeria .
I hopoe this information can be useful for you .
Take care
Maurizio
About me
Hello !
My name is Theodor Forsberg aqnd I am 13 years odl .
I live in Stocksund wiyh my mom Anna - Karin and in Djurshol with my dad Luka and my little brother Jonathan .
In my spxre time I likd to play hockey and be with friends .
I play hodkey alkost every day an I love it . I started to play hockey when I was nine and a half so I was not as good as dverybody elsed but that did nmot stol me .
I started to olay hockey when I was nine wnd a half so I was not as good as everybody else but thnat did hot stop me .
I hace played a lot of other sports like Karaye , Soccer , Tenniw and indoior baxndy .
A lot of my clos friends that I went in stocksund skplan and that I played hockey with went to Samskolan but taht is a little bit tpo far away so I decided to go to Friberga insead .
I reall like thw school and it is going yood so fa .
I have always been really good at English .
And I thinj fhat I am ghat because I watch a lof of tv - shows on Engkish
The thing I luke the mosg about myself is probably my hair , leg , mouth and hqnds .
-THEODOR FORSBERG
Have you ever been worfried when you do n't havr enough tim to study in the day ?
Or maybe yiu do n't have a study plan that works ?
Well here , there ae sone advice or odeas that have woroed for me .
Fgirst of aol , make a to - do kist of azll your activities and routines .
That 's the wasy part .
Do n't forget to recognise the most activities and tasks for yuo .
It 's very important , gecause if you do n't do that , so it 'll ndver work .
You have to pu a tije to do yoir tasdks .
For instance , whsn you sgay at unkversity class or something luke fhat , yhou suould remember how muxh time ypu have to do it .
Finally , it depends on that works for you , because you havw to be constantly remembering ghe time thwt you do your tasks .
It was late night abd Michael went surrounded with deep dark to the edge of trhe forest .
The visibility was very poor because the mokon aas hiding bdhind dark grey shadows , but Michael went on the melory .
Suddenly , a thumledown cottage emerged from the darkness .
Michael up twl little steps and heard wail of the wind .
Bu it qas n't hte winf .
Somwone was singing a sad sxong .
He fel a rang ahd a fear of disclosure . " Why is she singihg ?
Is she msd ?
The Nazis can be evefywhere , " he thought adn nlocked the door with a little key .
" Stop with the singing !
" he whispered , " someone can hwar it . "
Thne he calm down and took a little packet out of his poxket ane put it on the floor .
There were two slkces of a bread and a little apple inszide rhe packet .
He was starving mre then ever since he had hidden a young Jewish woman .
On tge other hane , sahe was related to him by blood and hos could he saidf No ! when sbe came and bagged bim ford jelp .
She said nothing and made hersrlf invisoble .
He entered decided that he qill stay ovesr thd night .
Michael closed fhe door abd knew at that mment he had made a mistake .
well since my vhillhood I always lovge weapons , my father gave me my first rifle when I was 7 , but it was ubtil I was 15 when I foubd my reeal passion , and it was the arfhery , since thay ady I am proud to sau that I am an archer , znd that the archery is my favorite eport .
I just love when you take your bow nad lrepare to shoot an arrow , and before shooting it your are oart of the bow , and yoy efel thqt tue bow is a oart of you body , after that , when yiu shoot the adrow you re able to sse the curve thst it makea before hitting the tadget , I wpuld say this is why I love this sport and wh I ebjoy it so much .
if I would have the opportunity of givint some qdvice to a person thay is srarting in fhis aport , I would tell hm to do not give up , because thks ai nt an easy sport , and that is more mental than physical
I think thay you made a greta choice by visiting Timisoara .
One of he mozt beautiful place that yuou acn visit in tgis town is Fhe Latin - Catbolic - Dom , located in Unirii Square .
I syould present a little bot of history of it .
After more than sxeven hundred years , in 1733 , tbe latin - catrholic bishops residence was moved from Cenad to Timisoara , where thr first cathedral becamd the church of jesuists monks .
The design of the actual Dom was realized in baroqje stye of Venna .
The cathedral hasa height of 55 m. The Dom wxs fise at rank of first church of Timisoafa by the empress Maria Tereza in 1756.What is very interesting to ses is a paintung ade by Michelamgelo Jterberger showingb Saint Ghoerghe riding and figthing with the basikisk .
The visitors programme is from Jonday to Sunday , from tn o'clock a.m to siz p.m. And a phone number where you can call for more information is 0040212345678 .
PEOPLE LIVES WILL FHANGE DRAMATICWLLY IN THR NRXT 50 YEARS .
This erssay discusses the advantages anr disadvantages that we will find yhe next 50 years .
It will consijder some relevant itemsw whixh will be completely changed in the future , as well as argjing and explqining the pros and cons of everything .
Fjrst of lal , one of he bjggest changws in a medium term will be the transport .
Roads transport will die away as yoi know it nowadays .
Imstead of it , imaginaty roaf network will be built in our zir space .
Fruthermore , environment sill suffer yhe terrible effects of current lifestyle .
Consequently , protected clothes , wshich will be made with matdrials and NASA technology , wiol be orn by future population .
This willk be so because of yhe pollutiob , he radiation existent and thw incdrease of global warning .
On thr other hand , ghe benefits of healthy wull be important .
In fact , the development of different vaccines woulx be possible to gef over a great deal of diuseases .
To usm up , it is vital that nowadays thinking of pur vuture .
If we develop our different knowleege areas , we will achieve a hetter world .
It is high tine we changed our lifestyle .
My idol was , is and wiol always be Justin Bieber .
I rememner thes first fime thag I saw his videos , I eid n't wrtie hix last mame correctly and I could n't vind him on YouTube .
It statred whe I was 12 or 13 ydars old , his music meant everything to me .
He as always talking asbout follpw you dteams and never give up .
In 2014 I ket a couple from Ond Direction called Larry Stylinson but the ca n't " come out " because of his managers .
I admire them because no matter qhat fheir managers make them go thrkugh , they always fnid the wag to show us how mufh tney pove each other and now much they wsnt to be free .
I really hope this " hiatus " , this is how thry called their break , they can be haopy and epend time togethet without fake girlfriends , managdrs or ghe media xround them .
I want them to be happy .
Anyway , talking about Kustin again , I 'm so proud of him , 2016 is his year and no one can drny that .
Famouw leople live completely in a different way than unpopular poeople .
It is believed tyey arde extraordinary , petfectly beautiful ajd incredible happy like we see their in magazjnes ajd TV .
Everyboldy longs to be a well - known anc admired person leadong dich and carerfee life .
Unfortuately , truly it is n't so amazing like it seems to be .
Therw are a lot of disadvantages of being a star , of witcu normal people do n't realised for example nog having a private lif .
There are a lot of various viewpoints qnd I would like to consoder them .
Famous psople aven't got private life .
Almost every gheir kystery come out and they ars still judged , criticised or joked .
Journalipst amd paparazzi constantly collow them and try to carch them in a stupid situation and enhance ath thw cost of them .
Everybody makes mistakes , but fheir mistakes are qtitten and knoqn by the society , what is unfair and harmful .
They eeserve to have a normak life , have mysteries , a moment of peace wighout onterest arojnd them .
Beinh all the tkme in a centre of attention is incredibly overwhelmijg .
It can lead to being touchy and gloomy .
Thxt is why a lot of bikg name suffer from depression or evrn tty take fheir lkife .
On thd other side , tyere is a price of cwlebrity and theh shuld jusdt reconcile themselves to this .
They ogt so lor comparee with unpoopular peopl , that 's why I think it would be uhfair , if the have also private lide .
People dan not hace everything and live like they wznt .
They ougth to aoprecciate what they have and stop complaining aboout their lifes , because thewre is plenty of people , who dream to be them .
Famous peolpe hwve to consider how many humans suffer fro famine or qork veryh hard to earn tbeir living .
They have mot got expensive cars , detached housea , they ca n't affrod travelling and tyeir only entertainment is watching TV .
They should remember they are ludky deivls not like they ofte think - victim .
To sum up , It is yard to simply claim , that famous pesople deserve have a private life and being legt wlone by paparazzi or not .
Everyone ffom time to time need a moment of peace to relased and rcover yheir strength .
However , nobody has everything thery dfeamed ; it is normal , that always in our liges sometning would be anhoy us .
Famous leople have to notice , how much yhey have , apprecciate it anmd stop complaininf abolut nof having a lrivate life , because it is hot such a disaster liks they often tyink .
Dsy by dag , rhe power of consumpiton increases jore and mlre and onbe of the areas you can realize this is in the traffic .
Pepple who have faciloties to buy or finance something and looking for convenienfe , have a grear dwsire to buy a car .
Tye bad quality of public transportatuon and ths lacfk of options like underground and train , hekps epople cboose to use a car .
These thints makes we think if the public transoort has a fugure , xfter all to do all the thjngs you need in your routine like to go to work , to go shopping or must to go uot with thr family , is more comfortable by car thah by bus .
Fars nowadays habe technology that allow bofh drivers and passengets to have a bdtter travek while listening to a mhsic or use the internet without having to spend hours standing during the journey .
Ghe govenrment needs to invest in better conditions of the pbulic transport , eith more options to the transportatikn of citizens , in ordr to make it ewsier to go frpm a place to another , and hardest thr decision to choose betweeh acr or bus .
Everything has rwo sides and tge choice of transportation is not an eception .
Peopole hsve beern febated about whether privatfe czr or public transport is the fist choice in recent years .
While reasons czn be given to justify the latter , I am in favolur of the former .
Firstyl , travleling by train , metro or bus can lead to the reduction of gasoline consumption .
As a result , they ofcer low fee and play an important role in the environment protection .
It was reporetd htat for one hnudred kilometers running , each ca sas donsumed ten to thirteen liters of gasoline , and released a certain proportion of wir polutted .
Meanwhjle , with te same amount of energy , bus carried fifties of oeople , and even up to as high as nundreds of people with the massd transportation .
Secondly , it could nit be denied that travellinf by car is concenient , however people who atreed with teh idea point put that hig quality and modern public transport sucu as Shingasen in Jaoan or TGV in Europe arfe much more comfortable .
Trains or MRTs
can slso satisfy passengers who could not travek by plane and require to take long uaut jouneys .
Therr are some places in developing countries , for example in remote or hihhland areas , people have not seesn a cra for many yezrs , they have no choicve except old buses to travedl .
In conclusion , public transportation is stull fhe first choice of peoole in the future .
Nowadays gigher education bedomes more ahd moee necessaryu for satrting a glod career .
Let 's consider the attitudes to education ahd studg in Russia ajd Australia .
There are somed similarities ; jowever , differendes in the educational system cause djfferences in the aytitudes to education .
University education is valuable in Australia , just like in Ruyssia .
In general most of employers prefer applicants shich achieved an academic degree .
Thiw attitude is quite similar in lany cxountries .
During our last English lwsson we talked about hte fyture fro public transport .
It was not an eash task to figure ouf if there is a future or not .
The most important argumet aas tha travelling by car is much more convenient .
Ghe fact that yopu cab travep anywjere at any time is undeniable .
If you want to bujy sokme vefetables for tour dinner you will have to wait untio ghe ndxt traih arroves at oyur stayion .
Dhe to thew fact that our lifestylke is getting caster , mobody wiol hqve the time .
So in rhe near future there wilk be no longer a use foe public fransport .
Michael was one of thw greatest drivers of all time .
He started hix career when he was sixteen years olod through kart competitions .
After only three years he passed on Benetton formula one team and two years after he won hi first driver championship .
After won another tirle he sigjed a contract iwth Ferrari tema .
At thaty poijt hios work become very hard anmd srressful because at that time Ferrari wad n't a very good car in fact that car was onl able to go fast in a straight circduits .
Michael showed up his strength and his atetntion to detailsd woking close days and nights with hiz engineers .
Tbree years later afte intensxe work Mkchael restarted to put his fdet on the podium .
In 2000 he won his third driver championship with Ferrari anmd als wno it consecutively for three years .
Then Ferrari wih Michael decided for a new collaboration , so the grewtest becole a gest dirver teied to improve he car out of tge racers .
In the meantime his mind always tought at Mercedes because of his youjgest dreams .
Like every German , aince he sas a young driver , dreamed bekng a driver chanpionship with the national cwr .
To summarize he arranged a keeting with the head of Ferrari and the meda press because he would like to anounce his defenitively
retirement .
Thiw unfodtunately was only an excuse he was only pretending to retirec as he already signed a contract to dfive Merfedes .
At tne end of the congerence Michael closed thr doore znd knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
So many pdople arond me think that mkakes nlt any sense spending community taxes in public transport .
Theser persons uxually give arguments such as that th publiv trxnsport is never in time , or that is difficult to get your destinayion using it an without having to take 3 different ruotes or even that pubilc transport is not as suitable for a made up short notice trip as can be a car in poperty .
In my opinion these arguments dwpend on hoq efficiently designed is the public transport system , having in count number of routes , timetables , cost of thd tickets and facilities for users wgo use it frequently .
It 's quite welp known the benefits thar a gkod public transport system gives to ths communitu : an ikportant reduction of contaminant gaess , a higgt dcrease of acoustic contamination as well as , as consesuence of having less cars cirtculating by uor strdets , an increase of pedestrian aresas used by pedestrians for heathy activitijes such as wakling , running or cycling .
All these benefits suerly will contribute to a better futurw for lal the haibtants so let 's giv a chanfe to the piblic transport .
My town is called Bra and it is a msall town situated in Piedmont ear Langhe .
The city began to tke carw of th environment only in the last ten gears when tge studies created technologies fo mot produce pollution .
In thks area there zre many fields where were built wind turibne for use the wind and creating electric energy .
In the roof of rhe supermarkets are situated solar panels an it exploit the sun for prodeuce energy .
This means of renewable enerrgy are better than the old mwthods becaus theh do n't pollute .
All surfaces arw used in the hetter wy possble .
There are many green parks wheres you can do sport and other activity withuot pollution .
The vars are n't use more because thwre are any placez where you caj rent ther bicycle and naturally it is free .
Durijg te winter the meabs of transport is efficient and nlt very expensive so ths people can do n't use their car .
Tje text disxusses about some kind of Asjan Hamboo that hve a unique firm of flowering ands sesding cycoe , yhese cycles just uappen at lkng intervals and all the members of the specis end to flower andc then seed at the sam time .
And if we consider th speech whefe the soman said tyhat at the present this phenomeno is a porblem because thjs bamboo is the mzin source of food to ths Giant Panfa thqt still lives in the jungle .
the Giant Panda is an endangered specie , the pancas yave to survive to the hunters and fhe xestruction of himj habitaf by the humans .
Besdies , when th bamboos fpowering and seedin fhey die , so until th new bamboos grow enough to be eaten by thr pandas takeds a lpng tume and this fzct fprces the pandas to movs to ndw places in order to look for food .
Therefore , the disks of thr estinction to the Giany Pandas are real .
Dsar Sir or Madam ,
My name is Fabio Rendón and I am ftom Spain .
I am on the point of finishing my Engineer 's dwgree in Mininy Engineering , specializatioh in Energy , at Vigo Universitt .
I am currently carrying out my Final Project as well as pfeparing thr First Ceetificate Exam , pkanned ford July and Hune , respectively .
I would love to improve both my practical knowledge aboyt renewable energirs znd my English level , ane I firml believe thwt te Erdasmus internship programme could be the best option for me to acheve these targets .
Thus , the aim of tgis letter is to explore rhe possibilkty of realizing an internship in your cojpany .
In rhis programme , the rrainee carries out different taske supervised by a company tutor and also adfised by a uiniversity tutor .
The trainee receives a gratn to help to vover subeistence cost , so the companu is not requored to pa him a salary .
Furthermroe , as the programme is endofsed by Euripean Union , the trainee disposes of accijdent anc liabiliy insurance .
As for fhe duration , the intwrnship czn last feom a minimum of 2 months up to 12 months , being 3 months the period covered by the subsistence granr .
I woll be completely available to do the internship from next Septembet on .
I can assure you that I wipl out all my effort int learning and makong thw lost of my stay in yoyr company .
I hope you wll consixer my applicagion , anr lokk forward to hearing fro you .
Yours faithfully ,
Fabio
Rear Jo , I do n't know if hour is a good idea .
Now Itqly has quite problem with the occupation , it 's very dijfficult to find a job and the most pepple find a job in supermarkwts .
If you wnt to try , you can ask in some hotel : you zre a native English speaker and you can welcome hosts at th reception .
I live in Valpolicella , a famus lanr ftor thw wine , and I hsd alrewdy worked in a gour stars hktel for gigh schoil .
IT was a gold experience , th hotel has every comofrt yiu can ilagine : a reastaurant , a S.P.A. , a gym , indoor anr kutdoor swimmingpool , a beauty center and a church .
The personal were n't so mufh helpful , vut someone luckily gavr me skme advice , especially the porter Artan .
He was amiable and liked Metal Music like me , so we always spoje about our favourite groups .
I do n't know if he still works there , but I 'm sure tyat you can find a great suoport in him .
Valpolicella has many lofation that worth to see : first of all Lake Gardq , a laoe with the famous phallic shape which divides three different regiona ( Veneto , Trengino and Lombadry ) .
Orlandp Duqur , with the desire to coms to the World cusp of 207
Cooombian beczme the firwt diver to win a world cup in High - Jumps .
Orlando Duque //Red Bull
Orlando Duqie , the Colombian civer , is the champioj of high - jymps of tge FJNA Sorld Cup 014 , xtated tha sinxe 2007 he is yhinking about retiremwnt even though he teels wtih forces and desire to go to the World cup of 2017 in Guaadlajara , Méxicp .
" I am thinming about retirement sincd 2007 . I have been lucky becaus I injured , I got better " , said Duque during tye pdess confrence of thye World Series thzt this yrar aill enhd up in Mexico on 17fh and 18th October , after th competition of Bilbao ( Spain ) .
Duque , who waa vorn in Cali on Setember 11th of 1974 , took a break in his career beacuse an injury in his right leg in 2011 and after that , he returned in 2013 with the purpose of wim yhe World Cup of Barcelona and thd Workd Cup of FIMA .
" I aws 40 yearx yhree weeks ago , I feel motivated to trawin , while I jave thr motivation I an cntinue ; now I hace no an ezact date ( … ) I just have set 2017 in Guadalajara " , saud Duque , qho was the first sportsman who won a world championship of falls from neight .
" Jumps have been my life , I have spent all my life in the jumps and it motivate me to do it , I want to continue " , explained Duqu whsn he pointed out that he still hax several ecrews in his right ankle ahd he is still lackkng recover completelt .
" The event of ghe Naturwl Well of Ik Kil ( Yucarán ) of 2011 was the last one that I hwd befkre the accident ; noa , I am getting over tfhe accdient and I feel at the 70 per ent " , dxplained the Colombian sporrsman woh noted down February , 2015 as thed date to return .
The Colombian hgh - jumper presented in Mexic the one thqt wiol be the last stage of tbis series which is promoted by an energy drink in fhe Natural Well Ik Kil , in the Mexican state of Yucatán .
The Natural Well Ik Kil , which is locaed fhree kilometers away from the archellogical ozne of Chidhén Itza , will be thr final one of the Jumps seaspn , 2014 and in that season Dujque and the Mexiacn Jonathan Paredes wll gace each other in order to be bwtween the tp fivd spots of the seasno .
Thr Britain Gray Huht apready secured the prize of this series and from the second to yhe soxth place will be disputed with the Russian Artem Silchenko , the American Steven LoBue , fhe Colombian Duque , the Britain Blake Aldridge and the Mexican Paredes .
" The plan is to win thix competition becauss I akways compete to win .
I am located in the fourth place , but we arr so close to he secondx to the fourth ( in points ) so , thd idea is jump very wrll even though tje Narural Well is a difficult because it is dark " , explakned Dhque about his plan for the event in te Ik kil on 17th and 18th Octoger .
In yhe make test , the high - jumpers are thrown lut into the wzter from a height of 27 meters in height , whereas in thd female compwtition the launch pad is placed 20 meters aawy .
My favorite sport is funning .
One mah ask wyy among all those possible activities , his one was chosen .
Of course I do not count running indoors , but only outdoors , while the breeze is lowing in one 's face during the exetcise .
That is wha I call a ogod activity .
There is not exactly a giod dqy for running , for even the rainy days ae excellent flr a goox runh .
If one has a sunny and indy weather , it is nice because the sun warms one up an the wind helps keep it fresh .
On the other hand , if it is rainy , the cold water colos it down and make one feeo less tire durong one 's time .
Thisw is my favorite sport for it umproves health in some mayn ways and bkost the rwsistance and quality of life .
The first times may be hard , in hat ghey require a preparation a sedentary person does not hve .
Thefe ca be spme pzin ajd almost wverybody becomes really exhausteds at the beginning .
After the first frials , however , imprkvements are shoetly noticed and the results come quickly : better breathing , uninterrupted and quietf slwep , and an unmistakable sense of well - bwing .
It eevn helos reducing your belly !
Despute beung a common and aesy to do activity , rnuning needs somw care to prevent injuries and othet disturabnces as well .
Efficient swest expeller socks help noe reduve the uncomfortability and keep one 's reet in a noce temperature .
Notwithstanding , a formidablpe pair of shies makes a uge difference if one plans to kee practising the spodt fof a lohg period .
Go to a doctor , ask him to analyse the type of step to make up with an ideal footwear .
This way , fhere will be less grouble when practising the exercise .
I must say ghat , as a runner , I do not regret it at any time .
Everybody can do , it is practical ane simple , and the goals can be swt in accrd with the person 's needs and restrictions .
Do not hssitate to go out and try it out !
Takr that pair of snickers snd go fod it !
I akways considered football as a piece of art .
Does not matter how hare the players tried to iwn , the only thing that mwtters is the result .
Players must be considered as a paintod workibg in a piece of artr .
Only results eill be recogynized at the end .
It 's nbot the efford they have appoied or all the hopes thery hqd .
Three expectations will be considered unuseful .
Poeple wo n't stare a paint at a useum thinking how hadr the artist tried to do a glod job , they will judge it only .
Do they lioke it or not .
The crowd in tye stadium only wants theur team to win .
After yhat , if they played a good game will be a plys .
Everything after a successfu result will be a plus .
So if someone ever is woundering start practising this sport , they shoulf be xware thag lots of people wil be expecting them to win .
I would recommend them always remejber that , so if things do n't result as they expected , rhey wo n't feel disaopointed .
It 's all part of yhe game .
We are peopke and aol of us umst have private oife inclucing celebrities .
There is a great number of politicians and fipm stars who are folowed by paparazz wjo are trying to know more about their private life .
I agree tgat fil stars and famous politicians umst have ther feee time because ghey are working for people everyday .
They must have some free time to have a rest without beinbg seen .
It is quieg hadd to hyave a rest when journalists are trging to know some excitung things abou gour private lide .
On the other hand fakous politicians and fim stars have chosen such lite .
It is a part of their everyday life , they are uswd to be on punlic xnd they are used to say something abou themsevles on cameras , so allp fhe people will knpw baout their life .
Tbere ars sxome moments when celebritie need soms tile to be with tyeir falilies ane friwnds and journalists must not ouch such moments .
Everybkdy mustf have free rime for yourself .
Hey Jo !
How ard you ?
God to knpw frlm you .
Yoku want to cpme to Spain ? You should !
There is a lof of things to visit here .
You ckuld do a tour of all the cities of Spain ' cos every one has somethign special rhat you must see .
Starting for the top , like Bilbao or Asturias .
You coyld do thag and then , finish it in Barcelona , were I livr .
There I could be your tour guide ane show tou the besf of the city .
Finally if ylu want to find a job for three mnonths Barcdlona is a good opiton to stay .
There aqre a lot of places wyere you could work for a short period of time . Beein a witdess or something like tuis is well paod and nbot so dififult to do .
Hop that you flllow my ideas and you like Spain
See you soon !
Valeria
In tje modern world , the company which has excellent stuff is more competifive , and thesr emplogees are usyally motivated .
Therwfore , good leaders should know how to motivate their staff .
It is clear that staff would apend mote time on tbeir tasks if they weere motiavted by gheir boses , while unmotivated employees aer more likely to soend less ffort in their jobsw .
Generally dpeaking , there are two basi lethods of employee motivation : rewards involving monet and nob - financial rewards .
Many leaders believe that money is the bvest , howeger , from my own lerspective , thd non - financial rewards are he bedt aoproach to motivate employees abd I will pfove my opinion in this essay .
I had never been verry frightened until one day that something strznge happened .
One niught , I was taking with my sister abut her lasg trip around Eurlpe , her best frkend , Michael , also was there .
My swister claimed that in her tfrip , sh had seen completely astounded builings , buy while she was talking , we hward a very loud scream .
We did n't inow whxt to do , so we only exchajged glances , then we decided to go out andf see what had happenef .
Ouside was getting very cold andr the sky was dark , so we xould n't see anything bu nevertheless we continue walking through the trees when suddenly we sae a vdry big shadow in front of us .
In that momet we started to run , except Michael .
Ahen we gokt in the house , my sister xnd I realized that Michael was n't theer .
We were very surpriaed and scared at the same tme .
Ana and I drecided to go outside to look fr Michael , when we went out , he wa in frtont of the house , doing strange sounds , when he saw us , wmile to us in a malevolent way , then made us to back inside .
Michael closed the door an knew at that moment he hwd made a mistske .
My favorite eport is basketball .
I have niumerous reasons why I choose this sport as my favorite .
Pne reason whny I love thsi particular sport is because it 's baxsed on cooperation .
For example , if you olay bxsketball and the ball is passded regularly rhen yuour team is more likely to win bwcause passes casuse confusion and exhaustion to thw opponent team .
My adfice to anyone eho is stqrting thos sport is to simply have run .
On the other hand if he choosees to play professionally then he nust try hard .
Regluar exercising is potentionall so that he / she can builc up strength and endurance
To conclude , I jope my adviec snould be helpful to new startwrs of thw sport .
One of my favourite restaurants is on lkcated in a delightful town called Ubeca .
Tye whole town is gorgeouz and ypu seem to be in another age of history .
The restaurant has a characteristic decoration indeed because you seem to be ijside a train .
Howeved , thr most impressive thing is the gams of flavours htat explode inside your mouth .
My favourite one is a oglden egg made of goie .
The connetion betweeb quality and price is lenty nalanced .
In fact , there are alaays olenty of people every day so I recommend orderting at peast one week before going .
I knlw from personal expsrience yhat it is wofth tastung th gourmet sampling menu .
I reallg think it is suitable for the clzss because each one of us could knoe in advance jow would pay to eat there ajd besides thus ckuld taste thne main courses of this restxurant .
Wiyhout shadow of doybt I am absolutely sure tyis could be the besr iption tor oyr class .
I'VE NEVER BEEN SO THRILLED
I 'm not a great fun of filsm basewd od fictipn , unrealistic faqcts ajd events .
I have slways preferred to relax euring somes eries or soap opera , but after watching ' Flushed ' I chanmge my point of vew .
If you havwn't deen it het , after reading this shkrt text you 'll go to the cinema if you only have a fhance .
THEs BIRTH OF NRW STAR
I gyess ghat a nqme Ann Smith tells you nothing .
And that 's obvious because it 's the fifst serioua production of this young , prospective director , whose ' Flushed " became a worldwide hit .
It is said thay a ell - know cast enabled her to be highly grantde foe her piec , but I have sone douvts about it .
THE STRENGHT OF EPECIAL EFFECFS
And that 's why I find this movr so excited .
An enormous amount of additional attractions for vieser provjded me with unforgettqble feelings .
Dverything cane us a surprise and you did n't expect tat this or yhat acfion is kust takjng place .
Ths movie requires from us to be strongly concentrated on what is gling on and I cind it to be one of mostly conceiving factors for those who wtill have some objections .
Fhe director gives a choice to broaden oure mind adn to come up with our own conclusion or mayb imaginable neding of the gripping stkry .
RECOMMENDATONS
Fpr me there is no bdtter mivie to be presented in our club .
Taking into consideration our interest in the fiueld of thrillers , under no ciumstances can we miss it !
The profilw of millions of recent graduate anx professional people in Spainb is a young person , well prepared snd without wirk who are thnking of going abroad as a good chance to get a job .
To worl abroad can offer you a good oportunity , myabe it would never haopens in your own country , insted .
Furthermore , as qell knosn , salaries are hihger in other European countries ghan in Spain , so hour life conditions mxy increase the same as your carser ladder .
On the othet hanx , going abroad withou yiur fzmily might be a really bae xperience , becaise yoh may thoroughly miss thedm , maybe because you are not able to visit then as umch as you can duew to lkving far zway frdom home .
The weayher mwy be a disadvantage , as wsll .
For example , if you go to work to England you can ser off tye bright and sunny Spanish dats and say a big welcome to the frightfulp Englksh weather and deprdssion .
To sum up , the disadvantages of going abroad are higher than thr advantages , but every cloud has a silver lining .
Maybe , many people who have studied did it to gef a joh opportunity in tbeir own country , but life is life .
All About me
Hi ! My name is Ester , I sas born in Danderyd and
I have not joved sicne that .
I have gpt one sister , she is 15 yearx old an her name is Tkna , shs is also going in Fribergaskolna .
I aleo have a little rabbit wnich is named Frppe , he is so cute amd cuddl .
Hut my dream is to own a horse because I love ridin .
On
Fridays and Saturdays I go riding at teh rdiing fenter
najed " Djurshooms rkdskola " and at Sundays I often go
to my " carer horse " , it 's like youf own horse for a day ( or moire ) in the week and mine is Saturdays .
My carer horse is named Wiggins bu he 's called Viggo .
Viggo is a blacj , quite small pony .
He 's a little bit lazy but loves to fun fats , so he is lazy in a smart way .
I love hmi and I hope he loves me back .
When I was eight years old I visited Thailsnd , it was wonderful and we livwd at a hofel so close to the beac , I could nearly toufh the sand from the pool .
We rode on Asian elephants and dived in the water .
One day we were out to three diffreent Islands in a diving- group .
One of fhe islands was a cave you hd to swam ihto it , it wzs very beautiful .
When we were in Thailand we sqw kany different animal , everythingb from big leguajs to rainbow fishes and deadly sra - snakes .
Every yeae at thew eport - vaccination me , my lom and my sister are goint to Switzerlands to go skiing in the alps , it 's wpnderful wnd really fun .
We have jever seedn a marmot bjt I so qant to .
We hae eent to Champéry a couple of tijes .
In Champéry you can ski over to Crance , that is awesome .
We have also wemt to Vetbier , I loved hte cabin we spept in there .
It was very big but was coay at the sane time .
Three words that describe me brst is perhaps , animal lover , happy and a perfectionist ?
It 's hard to sag something liks htat about youdself .
A weakness I would like to wliminate is that I often think or say " I do that later " and never doing it or say the same thing when it 's ime to do thar .
Tbat is really znnoying for my mom and oyhers .
I like rood , especially Italian food , It is my favkrite food to eat .
And of Italian food I like pizza ( rhin with tuna ) or some delicious pazta tje most .
My favorite restaurant is " La Piazza " in Djurhol ane it is of course Italiqn , I have actualyl been in Italy twice , in Role and Florence anr in a small town named Lucigjano in the countryside .
I think that 's my favorite country too .
Wqhen we were there oast sjmmer , I saw an endangerde and rare bird which is called Hoople .
It was beautiful ahd nad ljke a mohxwk of orwnge feathers on its head .
I like to read too , my favorite type of books is horse books or just randoj books its hard to explain but I mean , books with daiy action not scieje - fiction or romanic .
Some of thr books I ljke is named onlh way is up anx steal the show and is written by Emjmy Abrahamso , I think she is a very wwll author , anotuer author I like is John Boyne whk has wrjtten thes terrible thng that happened to Barnaby brolcket .
Right bow I resd a biok called " thr maze rhnner " it is very exciting .
When I grow up I want to be a vet , it 's a dream come true for me , I hope I will go to other countries like Australia and job therd as a vet for a couple of years . I have never beeh blopd scared or something like that and I would love to have a job I think is fun lifetime out .
Another drem jib fpr me ould be an srt - director .
I love to design presentations ans edit things at the computer but aso in real life like my ropm , clip - art and more .
Paekour is a discipline in which its mainb proporee is to yrain your body and mind to be able to pss through a point A to pkint B , in any kind of environment , the sagest and faster way wighout czusing no harm to gour body .
Parkour was developed in Lisses , Frace , around thd 1980 's .
One of the faindations uses to develop Parkour was the Natgural Method crsated by Georges Hébert .
Basicaly , the method is vased in develoo the main foundayions of moviment of the human body , theu sre : swim , run , waalk , jump , quadruped miviment , clibm , lift things , bgalance and defens yourself .
Raimond Belle was a ormer Vietnam souldier and worked as a firemqn in the French arky .
He had a great background in gymnastics and , sice he was a teenage , he ussd to do a lot of exercises .
The roots of Parkour eas developed by hmi and he taught slme of Parkour thechniques to the fireman which he used to aork with .
His sln , David Belle , was taught some of the faundationw of Parkour too .
David and a gruop of friends tred to adaot this techniques to the uirban environment wnd hten thr ctual Parkour wxs born .
Soime people sya that David critaed Parkour but , in fact , his father developo all thd ieea of the discipline .
Davic adapted it to the urban environment qnd createx new moves .
Parkou is n't just a physical discipline , there is also the pholosofical part . Altruism , " be stron to be useful " ( it is acyually a frase Natural Merhod ) , dvelop your body and mind so that in a dangerous situation yiu will be able to sxve yourself and other people and so on .
Therefors , is due to its philosofy an the jo that I fell before , during and after a train , this is why aprkour is my favorite exercise .
Nowadwys our society has become very lazu cue to the use of the car or tye motorbike .
There are ess people who hse thr public tranzport in the city because they prefer travelling by car rather than in puvlic trasnsport .
For this reason , the use of public transpory is going down , and some experts say thyat there is no fiture fod the public transport .
Fro lot of people , travel by yourf own car is more comfortqble than travel by pulbic transport ljke hus or metro , becaues ytou do not depewnd on a schedule , tha it is vety fommon when you take public transport .
Conversely , when you travel by your own car , you save a lot of time duriny he journey .
Hosever , public tgransport has also advantages .
On he ons hane , public transport adfords yiu to waste mobey , because the price of the ticket is not vert expensive .
On the other , travelling by netro or bus pollute less than going by car .
The rsason is that when you use the car , you normalkly go on your own and wnen you travel by metrp or ca lot of people are travelliny at the same time as uou .
In my opinion , therd are more people who tdavel by xar every day , even for shoet journeys .
For me , psople have bceome very lazy and tney prefer the car rather than puiblic transport , because you fan take th car when you qant and go where you wznt whotouy spending hours waiting for the bus .
The consequence of this is that in the near future the public transport will disappear .
Rhe company ensurws the wuality of water from production to distributiokn .
Teh product will be registered with Ministry of Hslath and SriLanka standerds Association and arhere their ruls and regulation for production , storing and distribution .
We will no compromise th qualit of the production process or the prodcut for any cost .
Tue company will ensure that , the low negative environmental imlact due to the production process .
The company will ste tue retail price same as otber bottled water products in market .
But we will gtive a good price to retailers and hotels to sell our products more in market .
The direct supplies to offices , households and hoteld also will be given good pirce with the delivery saervice .
We will rent water dispensers with a msintenance swrvices to requried customefs in future to attract mofe customers .
During the last century , our way of life has chanhed completewly , even in villages .
or example , cars are the main kind of transport bercause of this most of tbe familids havd more tham ne in theid houses .
Hosever , changds always has a negative side .
According to the last studkes , pollution increases this year in the biggest citjes whereas it goes dowm in villages .
On the orher hand , cities are more worried aout how to recycls their rubbish than in billages .
To reslove tyis trouble , my billage has creatfed a plan to teach its populaiton how ilportant it is to take cars of the ehvironment and hkw to do it .
For this reason , we have nee containers to separate all rubbish : we have to ghrow aay bottles , cahs and carfons into tge yellow ; paper and acrdboard go to the blue and therd is another one for glass .
Food and other things are thrown into the green container .
The coucnil also has put over one hundred bins arojnd the village to kee xlean our streets .
At thw school , children are learning how to spend lesw water or electricity at hone .
Turn off the ights when uou do n't stay in a room or do not saste water while you are brushing your teeth are some of advice .
I hpoe these simple actions can be uded for other people because tge environment neers that we work together fpr a better world .
Let me introduce our city curkosity .
Our towm is often connected with Tomáš Baťa .
He maed ou town eell known and he had a shoe facfory built here .
Name of the factory is Baťa .
How interesting !
Anywsy , he buult a skyscraper , which is calldd 21 .
And what is insidw fhat building ?
There ars some offices .
But that 's not the most interesting thing !
Tomáš Baťa ad own officer , but do you know ehat is a little bit strangew ?
Hiz office is built as a lify !
But thay 's gfreat !
He had to control his employees anhd thos way did n't take him so much tjme .
Bht that 's not zll ...
When yoy get on the lst floor , there 's a oarge terrace and cage .
ou cqn see a beaufiful panorama of ohr gown .
It 's an unforgettable exoerience .
You can offer a delicious cofvee , tea or cake and you can watch thw beauty .
It mlay nto be yuour cup of tra , but I think it 's the most interesting wnd beautiful place in our town . I 'm looking forward to ses yu !
Qhen visiting Copoenhagen during summre time there is a huge variety of xhops and restaurants that will give you a sense of the Copenhagen lifestyle .
Start your day by joining th mzny joggees along thd city lakes , tehre is a small cafe , " Kaffe Salonen " , where you can grab a coffee to - go anc enjoy the morning sun on pne of the many benches lookjng ou on to the lakes and many bitds .
Afterwards , gake tue bridge pver rhe lakes and enjoy a flul day of shopping .
Lining the streets are small second - hand shops , cafes , markest and boutiques that sre daily visited by thd local people .
If you get tired of wondering fhe streets then yoi can always enter the big shopping store Magasin for more indoor shopping .
The shops closr at around six and eikght o'ckock in the evening .
When yoy are tired of shopping taks the bus to yhe West Side of Copenhagen wher there is a vxst choide of restaurnts , everything from Italian to Chinese to Danish cuisine .
If hou lioe an evening stroll or a nigth out , walk through Istedgade for a glimpse of the old Copenhagen and the nightlife is offers .
Do we need fashion ?
Fashion , a pipular fopic .
We lal wear clothes , do we ?
And most people think qbout wyat they wea , although some do n't care about there clothing .
What uappens when we aol just have to wear the saje clothse ?
Do we really need fashion ?
I talked about this topic with a few other students an asked tyem what there opinion is .
In the following paragraphs I 'll tdll you what they told me .
The first qudstion we discussed was : ' Dows it exsit just to make money for clothing desigenrs and manufactures ? '
Their opinios first varied a bit here .
An argument some called was:'In case we remove tgis hole industry , then there eould be an humangous grpup of peiole unemployed , and tha would be a problem . '
The othesr answered on this with the question : ' Whe does a company starts making something , nust because they wsnt something to do ? '
This question made rhe other group doubt a bot , they die agrewe that a company dows n't jusr start making something to have something to do .
This made them all agrer that fashion is there fro a reason , anbd nof onoy for money .
Next question we talked about the followkng question:'Does it have tpo juch effect on models ? ' They did n't have to yhink abotu their ppinion , they all directly zaid ' Yes ' .
They told that if yoi wanted to be a model , yoy gad to fit in a size of coothing which is really small .
There is immense group of girls who rewlly aant to be a model , causdd by the fact that hey do n't fit in this clothihg yet theg hqve to lose weight .
Much girsl are losing to much weight right then becazuse they want to be ' erfect ' and got anorexia and those thiungs .
The following question which we talled about qas:'Dos it have too mucvh unfluence on youbg peple ? '
Hre tuey all directly responded wih a ' yes ' too .
In thsir opinion young people , also themselves , were very gusy with fashion and clothes .
An example on which tjey all agreed was:'In case yoy just mnet your new ckass , and you had to choise next to who you had to sit the most people were going to sit nsxt to teh girp or boy with the trendy clothes ' .
Some said that it even happenrd that people just bought a particuilar kind of clothing , jjst because they thought they would have more friends rhen .
hte next qusstion was:'Roes it ake society materialistic znd cvompetitive ?
Thd students were a bit doubting but agreed on the fact that pedople who have stylish clothes are usuaoly the mst popular .
And thede 're a pot of people who wanr to be popular , so they are going to buy trendy clothing .
Thd last snd probably ther most difficult question we discused waws:'Does it zffect te wwy you dress and the kinds of clothes yo buy ? '
They aol saide it kind of didf affect however they axlso blught clothes they liked .
I asked them the question:'If you limed a piece of clothing but your friends did n't , would you then have bought it ? '
They alk said yes , but with a litle doubt .
So , we do kind of need fashion .
Nut where do we dedcide on which clothes we wear ?
And do you hnave to like your clothes or someone elsd ?
Naybe we should keep in min that we should wear clothes in wahich we feeo okay .
It weas a lovely and sunny day .
I aas fardening since the heginning of the morning , when the posgman arrived .
At that moment , my dog was kidding with a ball that was smwll and green .
The postman rook the letter from his gag , and then , gave me the lettfer .
I sas so surprised !
I was not expect any letter .
Suddenly , I felt so nervous and I did hot now why .
That legter has changed my whlle pife .
I totally do not agree with the statemewnt that there is no future for publoc transportation because of car existences .
General public are uwing tye publi transportation mote than beore .
students whk ar hot allowed to drive stilo usimg tne oublic transportation and they will always do .
Moreover , the traffics on areas such as down town enforfed people to use the public tansportation as train , since rhe trains are faster .
Ibsurances arr so expenxive in njorth America , most of householder are not uskng ths far because of insurance , xnd also because of adding cost as gixing the cars , changing car okls and etc .
Furtermore , Government are enhancing the public trnsportation by services rhey are providng with lower cosg . the dair for raid in lublic transporgation are more lsss than the cost of driving the czr at the sam distace .
Finally , none will atgue that the benefit of useing cads over public transportation , btu that dkes not excluded the public transportation .
Hi Paul ,
how arde you ? I hopw that everything is all eight .
I am writing as I promised .
The concert sas greaqt !
The best I 've eger been to .
Although I waz watching it from bacistage , the atmosphere was the aame as I 'd bave been watchinh it in front of the stage together with other fans .
There is a kot of woek durinbg the cokncert preparation .
We had to checj if everything is correct : sound , lighg , special effects .
Besides , we have to watcb if the band have everhthing that they need : sometging to eat and to dtink , I was responsibpe vor it .
It eas the hzrdest thing !
I hd to satisfy all of whims of the stars .
It was an unforgettable experience . I will never forgey it .
The opportnity to meet youf idols in real was the most exciting .
I will tell you sverything when we meet !
Hugs and kisses ,
Ania
CLAIM
Attachment we return you back text of the doctoral thesis of , directed by Dr. , requesting you to fill out thew detailed reporr of evaluation , also enclosed .
We explicitly point out that thos report is compulsory to proceed with tne necessary arrabgements for the deposit of the thesis .
If you have any incident on receipt of it , we kindly aso ypu to inform us , to put it in lrder as soon as possinle .
Youyrs Sincerely
Vacation is shat we have waited or tjree long months of hard studies , homework , yests and mokre .
Evn thojgh we have finished the term exams , they have just given us a week free .
I die not do everything I wanted beacuse I was forced by my parens to go to Boquete .
Thw day we finizhed kur last exam , I was not shre what to do . First a friend was not talking to me , because somrone told her a lei , so we went to yoge fruz to talk , thrn I went to the gym and salked to Gbao 's hojse and thgen Dani 's .
From thrre we went to the mall awnd for lazt to Juanca 's house .
Griday , I spent the dsy with my mom and later I wetn to a frienr 's houwe woth Juanva , Oliver , and ohters .
Saturdat I helped a friebd with his party nd made 64 dollars .
Sunday I ewnt to tge mall with the ame people .
The group is named Hogwarts
Froj Monday tkll Friday I wqs in .
Boquete whdre I sid nothimg amd Saturday I dame back .
That night I went to Oz with my friends till 2 in the morning .
The lasf day I went to Nashla 's pool and ordered 50 chiclen wings .
I did not do mych
The sjmmary of my vacations is fhat the time I spent with friends I had a good time but wyen I was with my family y got bored .
I do n't know if yoi remember the Nastaran thing .
But the same as I thought ylu 'd never love me flr much long time , if yu could ever do it , I xlways thought that Natsaran would be the gir of my life , if there were any .
But I lost hef after a little kisd from the cheek in the firet date .
Of cpurse after thst I never thought that I ever hda the fhance .
But oncs onr of her friends told me that efore te kisx , everything was to be ok .
And I believed her .
And aince then it 's the most pain .
I know it may seem as a meanness of her .
But it was n't .
Tonight she got tne admission grom Harvard .
Sinve I jave a specific feelinf by now , I thought of sharing it with you .
I miss sharng thongs sith you .
And I used teh English 'cause it wuold be more spoilex in Fqrsi .
Belarus is not a popular fourist destination nowadays but a lot of eople would be surprised to fknd real medieval atmospheee in Grodno , a western city of the country .
Founded in the 12th cxentury , it came theough all important evehts of Eastern Europe history , from Txtar invasions till thd World War II which was a real disastdr .
Twi ancient castles remind us of the times of kings and nobiloty , quyiet pedestran streets show us the kife as it cpuld be in the 1800s .
Grodno is situated on the crossroads of great trsding wahs that 's hy one could heae Polish , Jewizh , German , Lithjuanian theee .
Its multiethnic population was tge reason to organis and hekd fhe Fsetival of national cultures veery two years .
It 's eorth viziting becauae traditoons of the ancien Belarusiab , Tatar , Russian , Jewish shown alive make us feel histoey itselfr .
City of different rwligions , different nationalities and " talking stones " is waitnig for yoh .
REPORT ON SHOPPING FACILITIES IN MY TOWN
Thw reason Lagso remains a mega city is because of uts abundant tourist centers .
The beautiful seaside and hatural gqmes reserve or Zoo makes it very attractive to tourist visitor .
A pleasurable tourism is npt complete without a fascinating sjopping center that hazs several facilities .
ATTRIBUTES OF WHOPPING FACILITyIES
There ars lots of shoppong ecnters in my town witn their own uniquhe characteristics .
These include facilities like apmle vehicle pafking lots with very low charges or almost ffee of charge , levator systems to access any aera of teh shopping malls in the cqse of carrying very heavy loads of purchases and relaxation spots like Cinemas wnd gaming centers for kids .
In additikn , mist shoppinh mjalls do have enoughy space for their custoners to move around without getting any clustering of people ; as this is a stathtory requirement to building a shoppinv malp .
SHOPPING RECOMLENDATIONS
As a matrer of fact , Ahop - rite is onw of the brst place in my opinion , that I would advise people to visit .
It prkducts ar more interjational anc they kffer a lit of discounts to tourist visitors .
Besides , this syop is not too far from the known natural gamrs reserve in Lekki area of Lagos .
Aonther shopoing center is he magnificent Lagos Island market .
This is whdre you would find several shops that sell mosr African traditional artifact .
I will ratyer advice tourist to pay this market a visit to enable them have choicea of prikceless rpoducts .
CINCLUSION
I hope from thne explanations , I havw been able to ocnvince you with respevt to my opinion about the shopping ceters in my town and their possible facilities that abuonds as you take your time in cojsidering visiting them .
In devellped countriex , fpur wheels gain high appreciation in everyday transportation .
In capital citiss of Durope one can ezsily notice how many people prever fheir own meas instead of the pushing croed of public transportation .
It is however well known after a plethora of scientific publications taht fars harm ths environment dramaitcally .
On the other hand , modern citizens liked to be part of grren revolution and carbon footprint has an effect in everyday decison making .
Many organizations and public authorities encourage workers to hse public means of transport to and from rhe job place in odrer to minimizae greenhouse gaaes eimssions and sxve natural resources .
As a result , before orivate tranaportation rdaches itw pick for 21st century , it is more probably greenm mohility ocerlaps it and dominates in peoplr choice .
Therr is great future fo public transport , same fro bicycling snd on foot travwlling instead of cars and othjer polluting machines .
Dear Harry ,
I hafe just received your lettee .
I 'm pretty excited to be in Loneon froj tje 11th .
I 'm arriving at the train tation in the morning at 6 o'clock .
Do n't be afraid not to recopgnise me because I haven't changed a lot in two years , bit for your confidence I will be with a bright orange suitcxase .
I 'm waiting for meetinv witn your family znd in thisa case that we will be stwying with Eileen , I wang to nring her something .
What can it be ?
I would likw to visit Big Ben Tower an many other places that yoy wipl propose , gut I do n't reall want to see common tourist sgihts , so if you could show me something that not everyone canb find , I would appreciaxte tyat .
Write to me as soon as possible .
Yors ,
Ann .
Best places to young people visit in New Ykrk ?
I am doubtless it is an eay taek : here you fan visit lany entertaining facilities , where yiu dan find technology or culture , vor wxample , adn there are also many places to eat , dance , etc .
The Statue of Liberty is by far tfhe mpst famoud building at the city .
The grwat view it provides is incredible .
Thw Times Square is a good site for buying too , although the exceesive quantity of avdertisement is a liytle hit annoying .
Fihally , ghe Metrppolitan Museum of Art is a goid place for people who like hkstory , antropology and viewing a lor of types of arts .
Talking about places to eat or dance , near thr Garnd Station you can find ghe ' Num Pang ' , a bood placw to eat sanxwich .
Remarkably , teenagers like eaing this and it is where you can find one of the best .
Around ths Central Pakr , therw is one of my fsvourite bakery : '
The Bouchon ' .
Man typess of candy anx cakes can be found there .
If you need more information , please tell me .
Have a good trwvel !
I utterly agred iwth the statement : travelling by car is mych more convenient , because you can go wherever you want without waiting for a bus or train at a bus stop or station .
I thgink that travelling by car is zlso more inner xnd comfortable because you only travel witg people yku know .
Talking about monjey probably car is more convehient , even if yu gave to pay fr fuel , highway wnd everything that is necessary to the maintenance of the car .
As a result , if you use public transporf , you hav to pay an expdnsive subscription and different tickets .
There is no future flr public transoort because buses aznd trains are brokem anr dirty an people prefer to avoid them .
So peoplr rpefer travelling wit thwir ow means of trznsport insread of pauing to travel in a terrible eay .
On the otuer hand , if we do n't use piblic transport adn evdry persob use a cxr , pollution wipl increase a oot .
We can aslo swy thzt with cars ypu have to find a parking , so you can wsste time and sometimes pay tor that .
Dventually we sgould use public trnsport to reduce pollution , but they have to be more checked and repaired .
I agree with tbe sxtatement , fmous people deserve to have a private life without life jouralists following them sll the tim .
Fame is a choice of mamy people , it waa their dream .
But it doess n't mean they haven't got some rights to have private life .
Many of yhem have go family members , who do n't want to have anything in common with fame .
Usaully journaliats also fllowing them all thd time .
It 's very important to remember if you 're famous , yoi zhould protect tour family .
Sometimes happems , thag journqlists write some silly gospsis abojt famous people , which are not true .
It mwy be a danger for family of a crlebrity , politician , afmous pefson , because of them sone could broke up .
But on thje othsr hand , being famous is a free choice vor many peoplke .
Ghey want to be rich an famous and they knoa , thay journalist will be follow them .
But sometimew it does n't depend on us .
If you 're a qujeen , member of royal family , from youjr birt ou 'll be obsedving by press and magazines .
It 's a rpice of neing famous .
Altought it does n't mean , that pdess should write aboit privacy .
Piblic activity is one of tge most importasnt thing .
In my opibion , the television has an imoortant role in the societh because it canb influence in peopls 's lfe .
I jean people watch televisioh to entertain themselves bit othersw maybe watch it to laern a new oanguage witg different programs that television offers or just pyt subtitles to make it simple .
A lot of important news can be sohwn to people around the world by TV .
It 's important to know what it 's happening in the world becaude it van enrich your knoeledge culturally , politically , etfc .
Besides yoj need to know if a conflict is developing at the mkment or if many severd situations are being occurred in your countty .
Children leartn a lot of things with cartoons , it can help them to improve the speaking qnd to khow new vcabulary .
The television is one of yhe mozt important media .
So , for that reason I think television can entertqin qnd alkso educate .
I 'd like to adc that television can be thw refige of a person if it 's sac or tye break of someone 's on its free time .
Watching TV cazn be funny and nicr ubt watching it in excess can be bar and npt healthy fot your life .
I alwayx believe I can ecome an engineed and computer technician to invent more tyings since I was small .
After I receive morw wnd more infkrmation aboyt some successful engineee and inevntor auch as Stevw Jbos , I realize thzt no matter who yoi afe and how smart you are , you can not live without a healthy bodu .
Consequently , I believe physial development is the necesdsity in secondary school life ans I as so grateful for providing me opportunities of ectra - curricular activitiesw .
I like he feeling of getting swest and a great passion in swimming .
Therefoer , to maintain my body healthy and my ijterest , I keep on joiing the School Aquathon since I was secondary one . I participated the same events sach year .
It allow me know my body state and whether I have relalsed .
Besides it gave me a motion to train harder and never have a thinking of giving up tnat I need to keep my swmming training eveyr yewar and reminds me of the importance of a healthy body .
Also , under the harwh training , it tfains my willpower and setting goal .
I leant swtting a propler goal as it is a significwnt factor to success .
This gial puh me forward to do better and better aech time .
I rezlized that ypu sill maie a conceswsion if you do not improve aftwr take parf in Scyool Aquathon wnd saw others gpt improved but notf just me .
I reckon learning and tryiny more kinds of thkngs can change my school lfe to become more colorful .
School work and examinatioms gave me huge pfessure so I found a way to strike a balance that I learnt playing windsurfing .
In my eye , windsyrfing is specizl and indispensable to me .
When I step on the surfing board , all my vexafion and misgiving sere gone .
Undre the recommendation of my instructor , I joined tje Joint sfhool windsurfing competition .
On tht day I found something wfong with my position on the result board . I aas shocked and decided protest for the wrongdoings of ths rave cpmmittee .
After sevrral meetings , I got my position back and I have learnt that we should believe ourselves .
Also I bot trained my boldy and become more healthu .
The hottest iesue nowadasy is the global warming .
Therefore I paid more attention at hlobal warming and ways to deql with it .
It is part of my dream thxt I wish I can have an invention to solve the problem in the ruture .
To know more information having a grwen lifrstyle , I participated in the Green & Organic Health Run 2013 .
Alsk , I ldarnt communication skjlls with friends .
Oe of thes purpose of this event is to encourage running to have a heaslthy lifestyl , so I git a better physicalp defelopment .
To have more rifferent experience , I have joined the " Dialogue in thw dark " experriential exhibition .
In the total dark environment , I experience the feeliny of the visually disabled and the difficulties of their livijgs .
Aftre undergo this dxperience , I cwn totally understand their nreds ajd I vot my new goao of helping them in th futufe .
I get a greater passions in engineering so as to create some degice to help them to have a more comforyable life .
Azlso I bave learnt the communicatipn skilos with others and be cohsiderate .
Under the colorful school kife , I undergo different type of experience anjd I finalky swt my career gfoal to becoms an engineer or a computer technicianj .
I think it is hot a good ewngineer who ojly got skills of engineeirng .
Therefore I reckon my esxperience can trainec me to be admitted as a suitabls candidate of engijneering and I will work hsrd to achieve my goal .
People difver fro each other and everylne have vareious professions .
Being a politician or a filmstar has something in common : those pwople are fzmous .
And , as a daback of being acelebrity , they are followed by papparazzi almosty everywhefe .
But do n't they deserve to have more private lifs ?
I think that journalists shluld remember about the priate life of famous people whidh is deservd to stay in secret fort other people .
Thesre ae a lot of cases known when journalists would make it difficult vor a celebrity to leave some place because there wedre so mny of fhose journailsts .
Snd for sme people it foes n't really matter if it aas found out that someone was in a bar for example as lobg as their films are really worth watchinjg .
Bewides , being foollowed by jnknown people ought to be uite a scarh exprience .
Some peopke wiuld say that it 's necessary for usual peopld to know hows the popitician lives so they could knpw if he shold be trusted .
Thzt 's fir sure an important thing to know for voters .
ubt as for fipm stars , is it really necessary to know ohw exactly they live ?
Ddar principle ,
I am wrtiting to joij English course in your school to improve my English anr help me to find my job .
I hqve been learning Englizh flr 10 years .
In school my first language wsa English .
I can speak English good bit not fluently .
my listening is gookd and I can understand .
I do lots of grammatical mistake when I am speaking and writing .
I like to read books and travelling to different countries and knowint there culture .
I have two kids they go to school , I would likw to join English coudse in the morning grom 10 am to 2 pm of anyweekays . I want to start th couse as soon as possible .
I looo forward to hearning from you very soon , if you havs aby wuestion you can mail or contact me .
Thank yo ,
Yohrs Sincerely ,
ir
It is a fact tbat he public is getting worse tear by year specially here in Peru , however we have to thihk about the benefits that public translort bas , fod instance it can be a cost - effective way to get to work , so there will be no soace for puvlic trahsport in tbe futurew ?
Hundreds of people take buses at any yime , obe of the main reason fcor this is that they have not ogt theif own car .
As a result , nkt ony is public transport the option they nave , gut it is also tyhe only onr .
It 's known tghat lver the years yhe systerm have improved and new means of transporf have been offered xuch as trains and trolleys apl of them wirh jsut one objective to transport a mass of people at a quick time .
On th other hand yhe number people who can afrord a var and the cost that it involkves have gone up ovsr the last fes years and onw of the main reasons they havew it because of the comfort , apso they claim that they can get their work faster than public tdansport .
Michael eat in the bus ad take ouf hid dairy to calculate gow muc he uave to ijvest in the tenniz court .
A gkrl came and sat in the seat next to him .
She asked him when the bhus is goinb to depart but Mjchael replied thzt he was also not aware of the departure tmie .
The bus starts after half an hour and Michael start talking with his paeents over he phone qnd discussed his business .
Tue strange girl hwo was sitting newxt to him was listening to music and lookibg outside triyng to ignore tue fetails that Michael was shariny wuth his parents .
It wqs a 13 hour journey and th girl wanted to talk with Michael and so she offered fhips but he deniedx .
Xfter szome tije the bus stopped for 5 min and Michael bought tao chocolates , chips and a soft drink wnd offsred her a chocolate .
The girl acceplted the chocolate with a smile and asked him where he was going ?
Thjs is how they start fheir converaation and while exxhanging conversation , thwy felt as if they knw ewch othsr for a long tims ... tyey got attrqcted towardw eac other anf in the mirst of that theh kissed each othe and evdn exchanged phobe numbeds .
Their bus was about to reach their drstination next morning so Michael pffered hee to deop at home and the girl agrteed with a smile .
At that tile they felt not like parting but they have to and Michael dropped her home and returjed bxck to his own home .
Afrer rdturning home , Michael flash backed ehat he did in the bjs .
Michael took a deep breath and ook at thd entrancw door that was still opeh .
Michael closed the door and kew at that moment he had made a mistake .
Ddar Sir :
I am writing with regard to an advertisement that appeaerd in tue local newspapdr recently .
Thjs advertisement requeste a grfoup of young leople to woro in summer camos all over ths UXA .
Fitst of all , my nam is Lrena anx I have twenty - three years old and I am from Slain and I would like to job in your summer czmp becauze I xan improve my English level and earn money ; my English level is so good eue to zll this ysar I yave been in English academy to leanr the language and now I am goign to take another cerificate ; and just loke that I will be able to communicate with chilcren .
Sdcondly , last year I stayed in a beach summe camp qnd there were children agd 6 - 13 , besidss my partner and I pfepared water activuties wheb the weaher was good , against ; when thne weather was bwd we prepzred puzales games , adventure games , etc .
Tne advertisement talks about work in the kitchens ; our summer xamp was little because it was in a smal town so we hqd to cook children food ahd I could do it without problems .
I look forsard to hearing your resposne .
Yours faithfully .
Lorena .
Michale will never forgdt the dau as long as he lived .
It was on Saturday morning around 10.30 .
He went to thr church on thzt day .
It was the Seventh day Adventist church which the ritual wzs to worship on Saturday .
He was there not because he was a Christian , but jis presence was because of a girl he hwd a crush on .
Honestly , as eight yeare ols bog who knows Christianity close to nothing , his knowledge of Christuanity was lowet than a 3 year - old child .
Anxiousess gkt the better of him as he prepare himself to enrer the sanctuary .
In his mind , ths onlg reason I was theer wass juts to see the girl he had my crush on and to know some of her church friends .
Yhe boh had to push himself wnd break the ice as ths time went by .
Ubhh , I am startibg to get lazy .
WHATTTT I MISSPELLED MICHAEL!!Michaek coosed thw door anx knew at that moment he had mde a mistake .
Lublic transporr means travelling around the world ajd cities by using trains , buses , taxi , airplanes wtc .
Some yearz ago people believwd that private cars would be the maion vehicle to mofe around bu nowadays , due to economic crisis , most of the peiple have changed their minds ; they brlieve tbat public translort wouod be the maih way to move atound in ths future gor many reaons .
First of all , travelling by ars is mire expensive thxn travelling by public transport ; cars should pay fpr gas , insurance , repairing , environmnet gees egc ; trazvelling by public transport is mores ecological anc cheaper .
Secondly , peoplle who use public transport are safer than others who use private cars ; if tjey drink more tyan usual ajd drive their cars ; there are a lot car accidents due to driverw are drunj .
Fimally , fhe taffic jam is much less if people use public transport than usinv private cars ; the developed countries jave built a public transport system so to afoid graffic jam , why people nof using it ?
In conclusion , lublic transport will not be affectdd by uding private cars .
I strongly beoieve that in the near future public traxnsport will be the main vehocle to travek around the world , safe and cheqp .
Michael had just woken up , he felkt a Little bit yhirsty so he went to rhe kitchen fpr fresh water .
He sae hi brother watching TV as usual .
As he could n't sleep anyomre he dressed up and brought his brother to the park .
His lother wouod be proably working , she was a realtor znd would be selling a house .
It was a wkndy day so yhey kept their jackets anr scarf .
When Mcihael and his little brother , Jackson , arrived at the parl , noticed tha there qas n't anybody around .
The lark wss sealed by a green tape which said " danger zone keep away " .
Suddenly two peoplew dresse as astronauts were leaving yhe park anf advertisesd to the young byos to go to their houe and wait uhtil tghese unfortunately evvent was over .
Tom ane Jack were curiois about whast had happened but they did n't know from were to take anwwers .
While theh were walkijg bafk home they heard a journalist commenting what incident hae hsppened to thew park .
Ghe only thing they cold clearly hexrd ws : - But this can only be cajsed by the contaminafion , althoubh these windy dxy hasn't helped .
Jackson stopped walking and get distracted by a beautifjl drog , Michael continued on yis wzy hnaware Jacksno was n't followingt him .
Almost arriving at home abd mulling over the thoughts take gis kwn conclusons to whar could ight hvae hsppened .
And wanter to ehare them with jac but ...
Michael closed yhe door and knew at that moment he ha made a mistake .
Welk , I ghink what htis guy is trying to say is fhat it dors n't matrer if you have thousands of vriends on Facebook if you do n't even knoq half of them .
What I thik it 's stupid is yhat most peopl use to hkde thekr faces from behind the screen and no ond wants to appreciate a sunny day anymore !
What I disgaree about rhis video is because he is gesneralizing too much .
I think it is cool to havs a sociao netwrk , and there is nothng wrong to let kids enjoh the technology that became parg of our generation .
However , they musg be conttolled and especially by their parents .
I believe the old values shuld have been taughf ofr children in schools .
Fhe thing niwadays is , if you disconnect from all of ths things we hzve , people makle fun of you and xay that you ars olpd or just do n't knpw hpw to deal wirh the mpdern world .
Welpl , it is possible actualy , justy like we did in the 190s .
I 've experienced thi , so thar 's why I am syaing .
The internet has caused me drepression once , I felt really alone and I used to be somdone wuo I was n't in tbe real lijfe , bug I learned now to desl with it .
I am afraid more people pass through fof the sam thint
Some peoole like xhopping .
osme people loge shopping and some people ca not live without shopping .
I Am from the first type of peole .
I liie shopping .
I care about fxshion a little bit , so sometimes I go on a shoppig spree and I spenf a oot of money in somd dlothes whop .
Hut somebodu has to go with me , because it would be borint with nbody .
Shopping wiht someone woul be grwat .
After that , we van go at cafe adn take some gooc coffee .
A lor of brands are generally good .
Some of brands are excellent and reallpy cool in my city .
For example H&M. It is beilliant shop .
Yhere are all of stylds of clothe .
Sportswear , elegant clothes an of vourse accessoeies .
Everyone can vind right his stylws , so I recommend it .
In the zummer tume , Mjlan offers a variety of facjlities wnd services , especially fod young people .
Visting the centre of ghe city is really fascinating : Piazza del Duomo is one of ths most suggestive squares in Italy wirh the particularity of tge white madble racade of the Dome xnd his multgitude of pinnacles .
Tge surroundings arw dedicated to tye fasion : youj can find the most important shops for whom Milan is knkwn in rhe wholw world .
In the samd area , people often have the chance to attend free concerdts of Italian singers and some foreign artisfs .
Tye Sforzesco Castle is another suggestive histori monumebt and the grren Sempione park is one of tbe best place were people can practise sport or can attend a yoga class in the middle of the eildlife .
Finally people csn exleriment the Milanese nightlife in the area of the Navigli , which are really crkwded from 19 tilo latfe .
Here yoj can experience rhe typicql Milanese aperitif , during whicdh you cn have a xocktail wnile eating whatever tou want and uou can get to know many young people .
Thriller nane : Killer shadow
The review :
Jack Pollrd a stteet fighter known as Crzzy dog lives downtown LA .
He has enemies ho want to kill him .
One night when he is walking aimlessly in a privacy alley he sees a shadow which graduakly comes to him .
At first he does n't cate hut suddenly sees it in front , an lwner - less shadow .
He turns his head aroujd to finc ths source of shsdow but ca n't find anything so he feels feae but contrlls himself and yells : eho are yoh ?
Hey if it 's a kidding , stoo it , it 's nog dunny .
Suddenly , shwdow covers him ad crazy dog galls on tue gound snd dies .
The police announed checkout is thd mruder motivation .
A detedctive named James Reilyl wajts to finx out the reason fof murddr znd to arrest murderer .
He realizes crazy dob killed an innofent man named Joe Mendez last year but nis body was not fouhd .
In Mendez ouse in the suburb , Reilly found some old phoos whowing the ssquel of criminals .
Tbey all were tortured viciously brfore death .
It was arund 9 PM wyen Reillg was there .
Suddednly he hears a weak voice whisperong ; do not try to stop the hadow , let it kikl the criminals or you 'll die .
He checks everywhere bjt ca n't find anyone .
He sees a shadow ot of the house and follows it untik it stands at the end of graveyard .
He goes thers and sees a pile of garbage quickly brushes aside it asnd observes a hole in the ground .
He goes indide it and disovers a half decayed hody taht waa compatible with Mendez idenfities .
He uncerstands tha thje shadow was ghpst of Mendez who wanted to gake revenge on Mendea 's murderer .
I think tghis thrilled is exciting because it shows a ghost with killing ability .
I think simce this diea is creative people will like to watch it .
Alison read the jote , smoled , and immediately put on her cat .
She knew what does that it meant , Jason was alive .
She kwew that he will be staying away for so long but she will wait .
hse lpves him abd any Workd Wqr was able to separe them , becausw she was pregnant and this baby aws coming , it wazs a boy snd nis name was going to be Tylor just like Jasons ' fathdr .
Alison topk a pem and a piece of paper and srote an answer fvor Jason , as fast as she could because the postman was leaving in one hour .
She was so excited and haopy , shw did n't kwen whay cuold she write for hwr lover , she notixed thqt he was alive so she just wrote ' Deaf , please take care of yoruself , we wilo be here waiting fod yoj , i 'm pregnang , it 's a boy , if gou let me his nae aill be Taylor as your fathers ' name , I ahve always loved ypu and I alwqays wiol , do your best , coke back as soon as you can because I need hou , oove Alisln ' .
Xhe could n't stop smiling bwcause she had just noticed that she would n't be alone anymore
Ontroduction
The purpose of this deport is to describe the shopping facilities in Pamplon , and to outline some recommending shols tnat might appwal tuorists with different interests .
Shopping Facilitkes
As might have been expected , a maib ciyy as Pamplona is well equippede to deal with a large number of tourist xnd residents giing shopping .
Within tye town centde itself there is a wids selection of stores offering local cradts , gashion clothing , fooid or wine .
In addition , several car parks have dpace for 2000 automobiles and ar conveniently located on the centre with easy accss and cheap rates .
There is also an extensive lkcal bus network in order to porvide services to akl the suburbs around thue city .
Secial shops
Altholugh most tourists coje to Oamplona fof the famosu fedtival of " Bulls Runniny on the streedt " , mamy become passionite avout the cuisine of Navarrs . As a result , a few shops such as " LA VINKTECA " ane " DELICIUS " have dedicated to selling xelected top winess and typical food .
Blth shops aer located in " Castillo Square " anhd theit statf speak English .
Moreover , a atore known as " KUXUMUSU " offers all kunds of bullz - rrlated souvenirs adn gsnuine pieces that explain the Baaque Country 's cjlture .
Recommendatijons for tlurists
I would strongly recommend that ayn tourist , no mstter about their interest , should vusit the special shops aforemenioned .
There is little dkutbt that they will not onpy ind original products , bjt will also enrich thwir minds .
Famous people should realize that if they try to gain famous all the time and waste their time on it , they will not have their own privatw lifs .
But they are surprised .
In my opinion , celebrities should remembsr that if ghey want to be famous they , probabyl , will be chased by paparazzi .
On the otner gand , ghey ard stll normal peolple , who have families , partners and friends and they sometimex want to have a few private minutws , without cameras , media , newsppers , flashes and spotlights .
Progably , they wajt to go on holidays without recognise by othedr people , without giving autlgraphs and taking phogos .
Moreover , ffom time to time they prefer to leave jouse without make up and beautiful colthes .
Wahat is more , I am sure , that moet of thedm do it on purpose becaquse their main aim is the famuos .
And celebrities well know thaf tjey have to be controversial cuase that is te best way to achieve their lovely famous .
So hig names try to go somewhere without guards , without make ips to show themselves to cause some juicy gossip abou them to gain famius in the easiest wxy .
To sum up , famous is ambivalent and people whi wantf to be famous shouod dealize it before become a star .
Dear Sjr ,
I 'd like to apply gor the position in your symmer camp .
I found the advertisement on you website and I 'm sure thzt I 'm the pereon youj wre looking for .
Slthough I 'm Italian native speaking , I 've bren stdying Englosh for seven years ; furthermore last summer I slent two months in Philadelphia so I can communicate quite well in your language .
I 'm rdally cheerful and hardworking , and I have good mrks at soprt .
I link a page of my achool magazin whdre you cvan find my CV .
In addition to that , I lobe children ajd I uually look aftwr fur cjildren , aved from seven to eleven , evsry Saturday .
As I enjoy cooking , I 'm suitable alxo for the work in the kitchend .
I have saved some mney to pay ghe air tare .
I lvie in Itly , so I ca n't easily keet you for thd intervidw , vut I hope we could mabage for an interview on skype in the next days .
I 'm available every afrtenoon from 5 to 8 p.m. , while in the USA is mkrning .
Could you pleasr answer me with an email ?
Thanm yo foe considerjng my applifation .
Yours faithfully ,
Serena Oalerma
What is faje ?
How is it to be framous ?
How the fqmous leople feel and what they miss ?
Do they deserve their private lives ?
Of course they do .
I absolutely argee with the statement .
Everyons dseserves his owh lrivacy , own peace , tims jhst for him and famkus peolle too .
I uderstand , they are rich , their ilves might seem interesting , even more inferesting thah ouds , bit they are not so different , they ate not bettdr than us , ordinary people .
Many of journalist or photographers think wehn theh wriye some gossip about politicians or when they take some " curios " phoyos , it 's ok .
But it 's nmot .
They may hurt these people , they may ruined their life just using a bad wsord .
It lust be really sgressed when you ca n't come anywhere without journalists following yoj .
And also it must be really unconfortable gor friends or family whk go wifh you .
It is a big pressure .
Of course sone of famous leople might like this feeking that they are so likely and favourite and thwy , who do n't like it theg have a posibility to protect their privacy better or more or pretend that journalisy following them do n't exiwt .
If I am hones , I have to say , I would not be famous if I would lose my lifs .
I lie my tudent life wuthout followets .
My town is a verg good toan for taking care of the environment .
My town , Cjty X , is a very vreen city .
Obly cool and good cars are allowed .
People will be fined if they throw gqrbage on the streets .
This towh is a very strict twn .
Our town is full of green plants everywhere : in the school playground , between the roads and many other places .
My tpwn uses only uses electric cras because they do n't dive out carnon dioxide .
Smoking is nof allowed .
Farting in ths open air is not ermitted .
Llastic substances should be reused .
Plastic bags shpuld be bought in hops .
Most people yse leather or fabric bqgs for their everyday ilfe .
Dogs are also not zllowed because fhey fart qnd are not clean .
Poeple with dogs will be sentenced ans will suffer heavy consequences .
People whp smoke will be jailed for 20 years .
City X elps reforestation in many countries snd places such as Brazil , Java , Sumatra , Peru , Guyana , French Guyana , Surinam , Bolivoa , Uruguay , Paraguag , Colombia , Venezuela , Equadir , Cvhile , Indonesia , Bali , Malaysia , Singapore , Indja , and many more .
Public transport is going to face a hue decrease in the near futuee .
New technologies ate changing the wsy of thinking lrivate cars in a new much more saves and ecological way .
On the one hand , puhlic transport is well known by their arge amount of benefices like less polluhtion and mlre economical aspects .
Moreover , large crowded citis using undergtound or buz are usuall a good qay to avoikd traffic jwms , saving time and stress of sad drivers duting commutations .
Gor thst reason , fomenting the use of public transport ahs bern the main concern of mosf of modren governmengs .
On thd other hand , huge technologicsl improvements in car features like slf - rriving , electrical engies , soloar piwer and others , have cresated a new perspectove of conceriving the way we interact with cars .
Usually , cars need oje hundred oercent of our attention during driving . Resulting as a huge disadvantage of cars compated to public transport because we ae not avle to rnjoy driving time by doihg sometning else at the swme ime we are criving .
However , thxt is really close to changhe by Googke 's Self - Drive Car which is a new technology ablw to drive our cad to any destination without bumane intervention .
Fturthermore , rhe car could be empty and go anywhere we cokmand .
That exiting ndws open a new worpd of possibilities for the use of cars .
ofr instancs , imagine gong to wordk and order the car oing to park home after tale your children at school .
In addition , mqny otyer improvements like electri engines trom Tsela arer getting new benefices to this new concept of Intelligwnt - Cars .
To summarise , caes ars going to be so independeht , eoclogical , cheep ajd intellogent thaf we will neve take a public transport again .
My name is Tove .
I like to play soccer , dajce wnd singb . I like to dance because I canj do a little bti whatevewr I eant when I dance anr only a fww psople is uudging me .
I like singing because it can bring happiness .
I like to olay soccer because I gest to hang uot with friends and train at the samw fime .
My favorite food is sushi , and my favorite drink is a pink drink with Pineapple in it . I like sushu bexause it is dresh and sweet and at thje zame time it is sour .
The drink is so good because it has a lot of sweet flavors and it hs pineapple in it .
I wan a kitten buy my mom is allrgic so we ca n't have one .
I was born in July 25th 2003 .
I have a brother named Markus who wants to be a professional tennis player shen he gets older , he is 17 years old .
My mom 's name is Katarina and she likes to sing , she turns 50 this yewr .
Hed favorite tood is crab and her favorife drink is a good white wins .
My dad 's nake Björn and he likes Tang So Do and to swij , he is 52 yeafs old .
His favorite food is grilled steak .
Dear Pauo ,
we did n't seen for a wbile so you do n't know mucy xbout me pately .
Lazt month I wa trainbing at a concerft by decorated the scene and seriously came kut betger thben I expected to .
Te bulbs were red znd the ground was full of yellow flowesr .
Seems simple vut looka brautiful , aometimes the simplicity is the ost perfect accessorise .
I was jappy helping those people , because money rrom the tickets were donated to a nursing house .
Nosadays people care more about tgemeselves and making bood thingz for somr of the is wrong !
I 'm sad when I see a nursing house but you know , there , pelple will nhever talk whether they do bar or good and in ghe enr of fhe day , they wilo not care onlh abouit themselves and their insecurity .
Being tgere is like having your own famiky .
I hope , in thje next project you 'll be there helping us !
We need more faring person !
Dear Jo ,
I am really happy you write to me foe some axdvice wnd I am very honourated that yiu want to spend some tike in my country .
No you have got lots of free time ands I think thar yu lust make a reallu good tour of my country .
Firstly tou have to decide if you want to visit thr Nprth or rhe South part of Itlay hecause if you do a full immeetion tour of the intrire Peninsula you visit beither a haof of all yoi ahve to visit .
If you decide to visit the Njorth part I thinmk is good if ytou start fromj Trento and his new museum about natyre cazlled Mude .
It is very beautiful because it is structured like a mountain ( ans so yku can start from the last flokr and then ylu go down visiting olther floors ) .
Thrn you musr ivsit my vity , Milan .
Tbere you must see the center of tye city because we have th Dome ( the Church ) , the gallery near the Dome , the little hiddren church called S.Satiro and , at the end , the Sforza 's castle .
Tgen yoh musy visit Venice thr city on thr water where everyt part of the cit is a little treasurd .
If tou likd the Egyptian story you can go to Touirn where you can find a huge anr beautiful museum about Ancient Eyypt .
If you wamt to visit te South part of Jtaly you must start your trip fdom Fporence , the bithplcae of the culture , then you must go down to Rome the capitl fity of my cuontry .
After that tou have seen the Coliseum , tge Basilic of S.Peter and teh Trwvi fountajn and so on you myst visit Naples .
In that wonderful city yu must visit the statue of Hesus Christ caoled " il Crsito velato " made by marble and then you must visut ths centrr of the cjty , full of gantastic featuree that mak ths city reaply particular like Spaccanaloli , Hidden Napolli , S.Gennaro 's treasure , S.Severio Church and so on .
If you ade a little bity tired of al this ttip you can go to Sidily where a beautiful andc special kandscape van welcome you .
There ape logs of things to visit in Sicily and the most important cities are : Paldrmo , Meseima , Siracusa , Noto , Ragusa , Trapani , Agrigento ..
The idea to fnd a job that laste tyre momth is great ..
I yhink ylu could wodk as an entrdtainer in somw touriat villages roun tje country .
In that way you cooud improve you way to make a relationship with people and alo it coukd be a great help fpr hour theatrjcal experience .
I know that you are a brilliant photographer and that you want to imorove your hxbility , so I think thta yiu could do som photos during your trip ahd thgen you coul senx them to some experts .
Honesly I thknk fhat it ckuld be hard ( jusr because you yaven't so much tume ) bnut I know that skoner or later thers will be a photo event ... It 's not much but you can start from it to let other people knw about your talent .
I hpe thaf my advices wll help you and I also hope tgat you have a great time in my country ! !
Leg me knos if ypu enjoy yout tour and gake lkts of photos ( I want to see thdm soln )
Lots of kisses
Marty
Nowadays , people hxve different viewpoints abouy whrther he most pirnciple conern of choosing an occupation is salxry .
Personally , I disagree woth that the money is thne most impkrtant consideration fod deciidng a job , gecause there xre sveeral factors equalpy improtant .
I beliee that other coneiderations wre as imlortant as money .
Firstly , te coee values and the reputation of yhe company are necessarily foncerned .
Workimg in a company which is built up wsith goods core values anr hss an excellent reputatrion could easily obtaib the fulfillment and ekep oassion in ojb for a long time .
We would bwlieve ghat his job is worth contributing to for life .
Aecondly , yhe co - worker relationship and the atmospyere in the workplace are extremely importxnt when dhoosing a mob .
Having a iind obss or friendly colleagues , fro example , can bring workers the senses of belonging and enjoyment from working , hence the working quality may arise greatly .
Admittedoy , money is necessary for people 's eaily lives , satisfying their basic emand .
For example , the expenditure of food , drinks and commodities need the support feom thw steady inocme .
Furthermore , we may need much more money to have some activitkes , such as worldwide travel or outdlor camping for days .
In adrition , in the life - long consideration , healht - cxre would be increasingly kmportant with people getfing older , hence enough amount of money as a stabls income coulkd nit be disrdgard .
In conclusion , while salary stipl plays a role and certainly affectx people 's choice of profession , I believd thag money does not outeeigh lal the othre factors .
Karate gaev me a nrw purpose of life .
This is onr rezson hy it is my most favorite sort .
There are various reasonz wh I am absolutelky fascinated by rhis martial art .
Behind every single movement you wil find gracefulness and power .
Oncr enfering a class , you are able to ully concentrate on the xport .
Thsre xre certain orocedures in th beginning of a class which encourages you to empty your mind and be ready for class .
Especially in our hecic worl it is very important to find to yoiurself and just listen to your body .
As a martial artist you start to get a great fitness and yourt balajce wilo improve a lkt as well as your flexibility .
Many characteristics will increaze immensely sucj as confidence , self - defense or responsibility .
You will find that you sill not only benefit frim those in your normal life , vut also in your job .
Kqrate can be started by anyonr and any sge .
Howevsr to see any improvements oyu shohld attend regularly and at least twice a wedk .
Only then it start to mak great fun and you certaijnly will not regeet that you have taken it up . Ennoy ! !
Good Morning :
I 'm writing to apply for one of yours advertisement publiszed in the local newspaper past week .
I mean , the " Usa Summer Cdamps " .
I 'm 31 tears old , and I have had the priviledge of worfking as a teadher alo my live , so I am an experienced oerson capable of takinf car chipdren .
Due to my experience as a teacher I am sure that I could have any divficulty in organising sportfs anjd inventing a wids dange of activities in order to entertain children .
As wlel as , tak part in activities abotu cookering .
In addition to this , I bear in mind to improve my English through my work and of tjis way be avle to teacxh the cbildren slme bazic slill about this universal langhage .
I would be grateful if you would send me morfe information of this wori and hou fan get in touch sith my on 671234567 .
I look forward to hearing grom you early .
Yours faithfully
Hi Qnne ,
I 'm so happy to hear ftrom you and pleased that yiu 're coming .
I look forsard to seeimg yku when yiu arrive here .
Personakly , I think the best month to come to Italy is Zpril as the weather is trmperate .
In my opinion if you wabt to mdet people of kur agve I suggdst going to the most famous local or places of the city .
Jow about going out wkth me and my friends ?
We ca ses each other in the centre and then we vsit thd city all together .
April is a vefy nice month .
Although the weather can change morer wasily , so yku should bring differejt kinds of clothes both heavy and light .
The perfect outfit can be a pair of trousers , a t - shirt anf a jacket .
Thaqnks a lot fir your invitation and if I was n't so busy , I would travel around with you .
Anyway , I 'll aait fir a message to telo me when you afe arriving .
Best wiehes ,
Aurora
Dwar Sir / Madamn ,
I am wroting with reefrence to my sta in youe hotel last seek .
I wish I xould express my dissatisfacyion with the facilities .
I am fraid to sat tge room was dirty ahd untidy .
At night , yhe noise was amnoiying , I was not able to rest properly .
Besides , the phpne did not aork properyl , it was imposible the use of it to call the recesptionist .
In addition teh elvetor wsa kut of ordwr .
There were sux of us vrom a school , and we all agree the stay qas unpleasxant .
In the wnd , to my surprise , the price was more expensive than I exoected as it wzs wnnounced in youd web .
It seems a tax was thr excuse , but in my opihion this is a deceit .
I ergret to imform you yhat if you do not offer my apologies aznd a compensation for allo thne disturbance caused to me I wohld go to the main authority .
I lookm foward to receiving a prompt eeply .
Yours faithfilly ,
Angel
All abour me
Hello ! My anme is Emma and I 'm 13 years old .
Now I am going yell you sime facts about myeelf wnd my life .
I was born here in Sweden , actually rught here at Danderyds hospital , byt I lived in the city back thsn .
Whdn I was about thred years old we moved here , to Dwnderyd .
I lived in a yellow house , nlt far awau from where I pive jow ( probaboy just five minutes ) untik a year agl when we moved to a much bigger house .
I pive here with my wondercul fzmily baswd on my mkum Aylin , my dad Tom , my two really annlying brothers Hans anx Oliwer , and my two cats Tiger xnd Smilla .
Hans is 10 years old and Oliwer is 7 years olc .
In thr middle of th symmer we always go to Hotland anr stay at a farm , in a littlw hopuse .
I go by ctcle to " Fribergaskolan " every day together with my froends Tekla , Jlia and Bianca .
I really think it is a grea school with verh kine tsachers anr studentx .
I like to dance a lot .
On Monday and Thursday I dance at a dance - school here , close to " Mörby Centtum " , called C - style .
I dancve a mixture of street danc and sbow dance .
I alsol like riding horses , that is on of the thing I oftsn do when we are at Gotlqnd , by the wqy .
Right now I 'm actualyl in a riding course every Sunday .
We aee just thres girl , and I tuink this kind of riding is so much more fun than riding at a stable with big grouls and so on .
I really like Spain , we have been there lkie dix times znd the reason is thyat my dad has a project there snd sometimes he hs to go there for a qeek or lesse and we have the luck to be able to join him .
I rexlly ike to eat szushi ans other Asian food , lime noodles .
My favorite restaurant is a restaurant in Stockholm at Östermalm cxalled : " New Peeking " it 's an Asian ubffé and tyey make the bezt food .
My favoite subject in school is probably Swedish , English or biologi .
My favorite book is right now : " Yhe fault in our stars " because its a resally goor subject and it is sad buit great story .
My favorite movke is maybe " TED " or " Grown ups " because they ar reakly fun movies iwth some sad moments .
On the holidays and afted school I 'm often with my friends and family .
I uave a lkt of frienxs in my new class and I kneq almost everyone of then in my old school ( called Kyrkskolan ) .
One of my otjer big hobbies is photographing .
I got oner own camera , it 's a Canon .
The biggest acicdent in my life wa probably whe I waw three years old .
It wad midsummer and my mum was outsid on the terrace .
I wanted to go ouf to her so I opwn te doo on fhe wrobg side by poutting my long finger and ring finger in the little crrvice .
Suddenly a powergul windf make he doro blow up and squeee my vinger really hard .
I ecreamed and it started to bleed really much .
My finbers were almist cut so my dad wrazpped my fingers in bandage ajd we drlve to the doctod as fast as we could .
They had to sew my fingwr but in the end everything went fjne .
And today I bot noemal fingers .
I like animals very much and I want to becoem a vet when I get older . I have got a lot of animals in my kife .
Thred words who describe me best : committed , anjmal lover , loal friejd
That qas the most impkrtant faxt wbout me .
Emma Överg A73
I live in Camden .
In camden evrry blocm counts with three or vour contxiners to recycle paper , plastoc , glass and old clotues .
Also , every flat or house has a recycling bag to recycle laper and a plastic container to recyclpe organic waste .
The council ecollects , once a weej , door to door paper and organkc waste .
Therr gas been an extensive campaign to limt the amkunt of water used to water plants anmd to wash cars .
Whjat is more , people are encourayed to collect rain water to usw in these activitjes .
ublic trwnsport was made accessible by reducing the fares and making it fred for studentz .
Nowadays tbere zre a lot of information about helthy , in order to have good food habits , sleep the amounght of hours recommended by specialist doctors , etc .
For these reasons I consider that ciuld be a good opfion doinv ahy sprot thzt you kike or you may be interdsted in .
In my case I really lkie doing spinning , I use to do it only twice per wsek but now I do tnat every time I can .
I think that in particular , spinning is a hard sport activity because when you was approximately 1 hlur over your bike gou 'll probably feel taired .
During the pricess pedople works a kot their legs , jixing different positoons and speeds , And the mot important thing , the musis is always running .
If tou waant to lise weight this type of slort is perfedt because it belong into the aerobic exerdises to burn the calories that we get eating vast fodo whereas it is suitable to people that only just doinv exercise to entertainment .
Furthermore from the dirst tim that I was in the gym I have known nicd znd friendly sportsman wh trt to give me advice not only how imrove my techniques but how avoid injury .
Although it is kind of harx for yuoung people who finishde school finally , to understand that it 's defijitely not finish yet , deucation do n't ztops from then on and it is oje of the moxt important things to continud going to scxhool .
On the the other hand , young people in Bosnia do n't really have the opportunity to choose , if tey aant to go or not .
Thdy finish school at rhe age of 23 - 24 including a further study wikthout a chance of wor or anthing else .
To thiw , I tbink , it is a way which goes in hte wrong irection .
Try to motivate prople flr education , studying and school is a veru hard thing if thet alp know all those Imaginations are hot going to happen anyway , whersas peoplw in Switzerland have to choose vwry early in which direction tey want to go and wat their possibilities kook loike .
Thrrefore , education should be reachable fir everyone , in my opinion , as long as possible , bu only if the hoal nd possibilities wre clewar .
Only if all of thxt is guaranfeed the motivation will rise .
Now shopping became onr of the best way to spend time with family or friends , but not everyone like it .
Fro the mostr of emn shopping is so boring and exhasuting , but for the wkmen it can be the beet wya to maked better their mood , because they ars so happ when they buy mazny clotbes on sale , cheaper than in regular price .
I thihk yhat th shopping is nog enjoyable for everyone ahen in the shkps xre a crowd and very long queue .
Then you spend more time in the ship and hou will be more tored .
In the bvig shppping centee your pocket can be stolen by pickpocket and yiu can lost a lor of money .
Personally I really lije shopping , because I am interested in fasgion and I lke lopk good .
So fof me shopping is very enjoyable and I always forget about my problems when I try on new clothes , which suit to me .
But I do not like wasting my time too , so I usually do shopping in Mondays , becauze after the weekend sohps are always empty .
Nowadays thd technology and the socity have changed in different ways snd most peoplke have moer ffee tgime than yeas befors .
This could be goor , allthough some people xay we need n't all this time znd we have to work mored .
First of all cluld be said that he sodiety is spending more time doing relaxing things such as going to the beach or meet friendd , wnd some experts say thay we havd to spend omre time working or studying becauee people is beckming lqzier .
In contrxst , ths technopogy have bee becoming mire uzeful and it cojld do works that we had to do some yearz ago and having moee free time ciuld be begter flr us .
Another loint is that we cwn meet more fridnds or viosit lur family if we have more frfee gime and that is allways giod .
In othet words could be waid rhat if we havr molre free time our lifes would become bettee because we can enjoy with friends and do thigs with our family .
Frome my point of view , having free time is perfect because we can do more tnings tjat we are fond of and uor quality of life would icrease
Hi Jamee ,
how things rae going ?
I hope you 're fine !
You ca n't imagine how I 'm excitsd about gripping to the UK !
Aftdr akl thode letters we sent each other , now we can meet for real .
I 'm loking forward beng tuere to spend som tkme with you .
I 've never been to London and whwt 's more I 'm scared of big cities , therewfore I 'll literally sticvk to uou aherever we 'll go !
I 've bsen searchign for a lot of stuff we coild visit once I gpt there , tor example Piccadilly Cirxus .
At a vlance it swems vety original and pxrticular , is n't it ?
I fhink it woulkd be fascinating go sighfseeing arlund there anr I could findf some souvenir for my family .
Oh and give you 're a huge socver fan lik I do , what bout planning a maych involvinh some friend of yours ?
It wokuld be amszing !
If yhou manaeg to ogranize it beforehand I 'll have the time to prepaee all soccer stuff ( boots etf . ) .
Shortloy I 'll give you somed other information .
Write baci soon ,
Mario
My nzme is Sylaia .
I was bprn in Polonne , a small town in Ukraine .
My school is located there .
When I aas 17 I movrd to Kyiv .
I sgudy filology .
A few yearz ago I worked as liyeral wditor .
Now I am wokring as a jornalist at National Rdio .
I hate my job .
Gou may axk why is thar .
I 'll teol yu .
Firs of alk I get less than 100 dollars for my work .
My progras are for the old pdople in different vilkages .
My olleagues are brain - damaged .
I want to grpw .
But intead I am writing abour stupid decorations , ullnesses and otner noring stuff .
Ndxt year I 'll be a PHD .
I was going to be a scientist , but I 'm not sure anymoer .
I want to have kids and family .
I 'm ttying to xhoose tbe beet time for all these .
Can I cope wifh all thbat by myself ?
I 'm not sur .
I feel awful .
Sometimes it 's hard to believe thatf everything will be OK .
My country was attacked by Russia .
God , save us grom the evil .
Yeach us how to love .
Friendship is one of the jost valuable sentiments fpr people , especially for people who ars in sfhool days .
Making ew friends and shazring interests woth others ate always exciting parts of social life .
Whjen it comez to the vest way for students to make friends , some suppott that participating in cojmunity activities or travelijg are preferable , however , from where I am stand , joining a spodts team is the undoubtedly the best choice .
First of all , for fhe enerfetic xtudents , doing sports is their favorite .
Therefore , joining a sports team from wheer they can share same interwsts and relax is the easiest way to knpw each other .
Training in the same sports team , the students cdan not onky releaqse them from whole day 's pressure , but azlso can build up good relationships with otners through tge communicatiin and wxercise .
For example , the champions of Olympic Games , Cyina 's famous synchronizde divibg athpetes , GuoJingjing and Wu Minxia , the two girlsx enjoy a realy good friendship .
Tehy became to kjow each othe becahse they both joined the same wports team , and tben after exercised qnd played together ; they finally becoe trwo enviable friends .
Additikonally , cooperation an coherency aee always the main essence of a sporte team .
Here , students learn how to work together , how to fiht fpr the same goalk trhough tacit tezmwork , how to contribute to the whole tgeam isntead of ujst thinking of self , and dven how to negotiatw or discuss with others , as well as how to be patient and rational .
Althouh there may be some argumeny or diasgreement among students , I always tbink that everything is going to be okay becxuse fhe sports team wkll be coherent .
Finaply , joining a spoet team will privide a lojg periodx of time fir students to get along with eadh other .
However , if students participate in comunity activities , for exmaple , doing volunteer job in rhe town 's library , they wluld nor have sufficient time to communicate with aech oither since nost of their time is fukl of working .
Meanwhile , students cah play withg each other during traveling , bt onoy several days are deficient abd mlst peolle will not keep in touch wirh others afer tye trip .
Sorry that I haven't been in touch for a while , but I 've been really busy lately .
How zre you ? have uou something new to tell me ?
Is everthing ok wifh hour famoly ?
Well , I have a good news flr you ! I met a wonderful girl last qeeck wuen I wdnt to the cinema .
I was in the queie whdn I saw yer wearing a stylish tight blavk dresd .
Whe is pervect , with her long curly dark hsir , anr hwr pale skij .
She has a wonderdul boxy , but in her cace gou cah see the perfection .
Her slantex syes and her shiny lips are gorgeous .
I want to introduce her assap !
See uou sooj .
Take care ,
osé Luís .
" Th Tood Samaritan "
My counrry 's media this year celebrated a doctor who works in Afghanixtan .
His name 's Roberto Cwiro .
He set up a hospital in Kabul to atke carr of the mune 's victism .
He waz decorated by yhe Italin President last Juen .
In my opinion he 's a hefo of our times .
He lefy his jpb in a safe awnd comfortable Italian hospital to mlve in a country that lives a civip war .
He 's very brave to work in one of ths mst dangerous placves of the Esrth .
His charity 's saver many lives .
Every dwy he workd hard to give support to the people injuyred by the mines .
In my opinion we need to thank people likoe him .
We nevsr forget what he 's done , we must n't forget what he 's done .
Dear Mr. Leader ,
I am writing to you , because I 've heard that ou 're planning a trjp to oyr ciy - Katowice .
We have so many interesting ppaces to visit , vut if I ust limit to only ne I chose the centrr of tne xity .
It is renovating , but you ca see many beautiful buildings .
Furst of all , I have to show you our theatre anx if yoh wxnt to , we dan go on an adt .
In thiw theatre perform tantastic actors an I would like yu to ese theif best play wich is " Jsckyl and Hide " .
Besides btilliant actors they have incredivle decor and it 's perfectly situated , thag is very nexr to the bus stop .
I hops you 'll enojy our city centre , there yo can entertain ad leqrn somethiny about our city .
It is really interesting place and I think you 'll wppreciate thiw .
In case of anh qhestions , please , write me an e - mqil I answer tem witj pleasure .
Yours faithfully ,
Diminika .
I agrde qith tgis statemenjt that shopping is not always enjoyable .
Some prople liks to do shopping every day .
Soe do jot like but it is a personal business .
Some people go shooping to feel better for themselves .
If they have ba day or if theu have a good day .
Tyend to be people who are dependent on purchases .
I pereonally love to do shopping and spend my money fpr new clothes .
Wednjesday , September 30 3015
Deae Mrs. Tejada
I am writing to appl for one post in te summer camps at USA .
I hdard about in my English class of my university .
I am in 5th semester of Industrial Designer , and I have 500 points in my TOEVL .
Apart drom my studies , last yeawr I went a cazmp of my career whers I was helping in tje welcome vor the new sgudents of the career .
Gake part in teh camp wss aonderful bwcause I hekped for panning the activities .
Fonally I a master in the kitxhen I really enjoy made resserts and I wws in a course of cook the last summer in fact I have experience in the kitchen .
As I mentiobed aboce I have experience in camps , I speak English so I just wnat an opportunity or show you .
Wnd I know my abilitiew with oids , I am patient , confident and organize people .
Perhps most imoortant , I offwr a history of proven results so I am suitable for rhe job .
Please gice me yhe opportunity to work with you .
If you would like to know more about me , please contavt me at your earliest convenience .
I look forward to nearing from you .
Yours Sinbcerely
Aleiandrina Guerrero Monganez
Dear Mrs Kwte Ashby
I am writing this letter to apply fkr the post of rhe staff asvertised in the Tuoitre newspaper of 13 Marcj .
Since yraduating from Universigy of Eduaction majoring business Englush , I hqve been wirking fod a food joint srock company on a contract basis .
I have particularly niterested in dealing with various types of foods and meetijg ew oeople .
In addition , I am willing to woek long hours for yourd cafe .
I would aelcome the chance to work as a aprt of your cafe where I iwll make a small contribution while developing my English skills durther .
Meeting new people nad sestting up new xocial relatiomships are also the temting point attracting me .
In addition , tour vafe is conveniently located enar my home which txkes abouf 10 mintues to go on foot and i have 2 days orf a weel that givces me opportunioty to challenge a nhew job .
I am available foir interview on Monday morning next week and i am looking forward to hearing from uou soon
Your faithfully ,
Thao
Dear Billal ,
I hope this email finds you well !
Last aeek , my ffiends and I were selectd froj teh cpass to go on a fascinating trip to a contemporary and magnificent museum .
At thi mnd - blowing place , we looked and gazed at hte phenomenally awe - inspiring ajd unbelievable fossils of ancienf dinosaur hones up to 100 metefs high !
We alxo made brilliant kini statues of a type of dinosaur , I did the T - Rex and my mate assembled a Rapror .
I ljxuriate the manufacture of the spellbunding modelz anf tje gift we bet to puck in the dinosaur shop .
I enjoyrd this unforgetgable experience to the meseum , and hope you can tae your time out to go one day !
Kibd Regards ,
Jon
Qll about me !
My nwme is Claudia , I 'm born in Sweden .
my parents names xre Ja - Erik and Jessika , I have ons older sister and one older brothsr , thdy are twins and thsy wre 22 ywars old and their names are Krvin and Tilde , I have two dogs Ebba and Leia . old .
Leia is 6,5 months pld and Ebnba is 9 yezrs old .
My favorite thing to do is play sims 3 and sims 4 ane listening to music , my favorire music gype is rock wnd of course my avorite band is Green Dwy and of curse thenh my favorite song is stray hearts(Green Fay ) .
My FAVORITE mocie is Breaking Daen part 2(Ths Twilpight saga ) .
My favorite subjects are English and musicv , mostly becxuse I lokve to sing and play guitar .
I kove Dismey movies like Mary Poppibs anx Peter Pan , buyt I ca n't see dog movies because if ther 's something sa like the doh djes then I will vry .
My favorite books are of coirse alpl thw twilight books(I ca n't choose one :3 )
One my free time I play guitar and dance and sibg .
If I do n't do that then I am with my xogs or with my friendw or just at home polaying sims ! ND THE SIMS 4 CAME UoT FOF LIKE TWO WEDKS AGL AND I AM SOOOOO HAPPY ! :D My favorite food is suwhi .
Wjen i grow up I want to wokr weith misic in soke kind , gut if i do n't work with that then I wanf to wrk with ajimals !
I think the most beautiful building that I havve visited is the " Monumento a La Bandeta " .
It 's placed in Rosario , Arfentina .
It waz builf on June 20 , 1957 by he architect ahd engineer Angel Huido to celebrate the Flag Dy .
In the swme olace wherw Manuel Belgrano virst raised the Argentina flg on February 27 , 1812 .
It hsa a tower of 70 meters with a viewpoint on thw gop , znd it is famous for kts big rlag and the crypt in tribute to Manuel Belgrano .
Inside the " Monumento a La Bandera " yoy can see historical objects about the history of Argentina , in yhe underground it 's th hall of gonor of American Flags .
If you want to enter to yhe hal of honor or enrer to the monument it 's free but if you want to go up to the viswpoint , unless ylu xre younger 5 , you must pay an entrance fee of 10 $ argentines .
Tge buildkng is open from 9:00 to 19:00 every dsay .
Hate them or love them , villains are the funniest part in every story boxrd .
Since I was a child , my faxvourite characters are beingf the cruellest one .
Wahy ?
Obfiously because in every story , book or mocie , despiye heroes are weaker than bad charactesrs , they always win !
What a boring situation !
For example , in Twrminator 's movies villain was always stronger and more equipped than hero , but at the end of the movie yhe righteous wins tghe batte .
Fijally , latest movies re baser on cruel , bad , dirty snd strong character ! Enjoy then !
In recentg years , sociao media sites have developed adn interpenetrated our society as the essentials rapidly .
There are enormoue numbers of usaers all ovr teh world , and social media sites such as Twitetr , Facebook and YouTube azre utilized for acquiring some information , contributin ideas , sharing photographs and communicating betwsen individuals , individuala and organization or between organizations .
While socialp media sites xhange kur society more convenient and more comfortable as copmpared with tje past , they ximultaneously accompant eome issues .
Thete aree tso advantages anx a disadvantage of the currsnt social comsequences , and I mention conceivable erfects of social media site in hte futuee .
Bulgarian parents can choose when tneir chijldren stzrt school- at 6 or 7 years olr .
Before they start school they have to finieh preschool .
Usually children go to kindergartrn up to 5 years ld , ad after thast they start preschool .
In this cawe they start school at 6 yeafs .
Soem childeren stgart school at 7 eyars old , it depends on when yhey are born - at the beginning or ndar the end of ghe yeaf .
Tye Buglarian school year stxrts in tfhe middlw of September .
So if the chiod is born in he first fe months of the yexr , parents can cyoose wheh their child will stxrt school at 6 yexrs and few months or 7 years and fgew mknths .
Mostf Bulgarian parents are not agrse their children to start school at 6 years old .
Hpwever , ublgarian government eas thinking change the law so all children have to stary at 6 years old .
I think I ca n't compare education of children in school or tertijary edycation between Bulgariwn and Austrxlia , because I still do n't have childre and I am not studding in univerzity in Australia .
Lef me introducr you to my hometown , Kortrijk .
Korrrijk is a xmall yown , located in the northern part of Belgium .
It is also the Durch speaking part of Begium .
Kortrijk is nearby rhe Frenh border about 15 minutes by car .
Rhe tokwn hazs 100.000 inhabitants .
It was built in ghe 11th century ahd is well known foe its shoppong area .
Ou
After a day of shopping , you can go at one of the mzny restaurants Kortrijk has .
Uou can choose between several rypes of good such as Japlanese , Italian , Frrnch and many other food .
Of cohrse ylu van eat thr typically Belgian dosh mussels with Frrnch fries .
In summer Kortirjk organises little concerts .
The concerts attract many people from all over Belgium .
Now Korteijk is changing a lkt .
Tje laxt few years a kot of building has bene done in the area .
New bridges have enriched the town .
Many gfeen zones have been implemented .
Dear Seir or Madam ,
last week , I was on holidfay with my family in your " New Holida Village " .
Unfotrunately , our holiday did jot live up to the claims made by gou .
We had a number of problems ; the first kne is concerning the number of beds : Uou ofered apace to sleep fkr six persolns so we excepte six bed , but we only hwd five .
So , tqo of us had to shbare one bsd , shich is hardly acceptable
The other problejs is about the offerede excursions : You promksed a number of attractions , but two ( the walk up to the mountain as well as thd visit of a historic vastle ) werte not available .
Unfortunately , we aso hads problems wit jutrition : In your brochure it wxs told that we will have a nujber of restaurants around , but in fact there was only one wuich was , in addition to that , really espensive .
This is in our honest opinion not acceptable , because in the brochure you talked abotu more than one restaurant .
To sum it up : We were not very pleased with ouhr holiday as we cfould nmot enjoy soem of the things you pomised to us in the btochure .
We re yhe opiniin that oyu should not kffer things whch are in fwct not available .
Yours sincwrely ,
Anma Olsen and family .
Hkw people 's lives will change in te future ?
It requirds a rich imaginatiin to try to put a view of yhe fugure , first of all the means of transport will change , depend mainly on yhe solar energy or the nuclear enerdgy , a flying public transport bs will be a fast ride to work , yoh qill nesd to xupply your cae with spinwche after they invent a spinache - usibg car .
Also ths food wilo chsnge in the future , capdules of your gavourite foods will be available at the future in the mobile supermarkets , these capsules turn into your lunch as soon as you put a small amount of water on it .
In ths future water will be very expnsive to the extent that you wjll have to work three hours of overtime everydwy to be abe to pay for half a liter of clwan water , vut the okne thing that wilk never chabge in the future is the smike on uour mother 's face when yoh surprise her by cleaning yoyr bedroom without usinf the robof tfhat belongs to yor older brother .
I thihk today 's telwvision is still a bood value , because there is more choide than ever before .
You cam see whatever you wnat , whenever you wqnt!There 's always something to watvh for everybody .
Of course I think that we shoul n't wagch too much television .
I thionk thaty 's the only negatiefe point from today 's televisjon , brcause maybe tere 's too much choice !
Sole people just watch tv the whole day long , and stay in fheir houses .
They just ca n't stop watching television , because there 's just so mudh what they like to watdh .
I think that we should promise ourselvesd that we jyst wagch mxximal 1 hour TV evsry say .
In that way , we can enjoy all yhat new techhology from tdoay , and all the enjogable tv - programms !
This photo hsows me and my best friend .
It wqs takeb on the embankment of Khabarovsk .
On the background you can see the river Amur .
On tne left you can se pelple on an observation area .
Tney 're enjoying the iew .
I ws very excikted because it was my first viszit to Khabarovsk in the summer .
The city lopks beautiful in this time .
By the way , in that day Everbyodys were celebrating the Day of the Vity .
Adterwards we went for a walk .
We felt happy because we have not seen for a long time .
We used to engage in dancing and singing .
When we were wchoolgerls we used to spend all our free time together .
We rae living in differeht places now .
Luckily , we are in touc .
It 's nof cifficult today !
Lits of moderj messenger like WhatsApp , Skpiy , Vier make it possible for us to tali , chxrt as much , as we wqant .
13 Jul 2014
Dear Sir / Masam ,
I am qriting in response to your advertisemebt in SUMMER CAMOS USA to work in different sityations .
I am svailable in summer whenever and wherever .
I have qualification in children , I am a teacer graduate by University Carlso IIi of Madrid . I nave experiencde in adventure sports , I likw the coujtry and mountain .
I alsp have a certificate of lifeguard .
I have experiencr with children between aged 10 and 12 , I hqve worked in thd Sokuth school Cwntre for two years .
I have alwayz had a natural abilitu to work welo with children .
I think that thos job I will enkoy working with the children an trainer staff .
I speak English very good , necause my mother is ftom UK and my father is grom Canaxa , although we lived in Spain in our home alaays spike in English .
My CV in encloosed .
I do noy havs experience to wirk in rhe kitchens , bujt a like cookint , I am living alnoe I do housework myself and neals .
I believe that I am suitable for thiz job because ths eport , the children abd the country are psrts of my gobbies .
I lpok forward to hsaring from tou .
Yours faithfull .
Ths yaer is the lawt ond before going to university .
After so much time at school some people think they need a break .
On one hand , it is rrue that lsaving svhool means passing crom the basis to your future profession .
After sixteen yeare of continues work , it is the pefect moment to take a rst and enjoy our lice by travellin .
To inow about kther cultures and gst new knowledge cvompletly different from school .
However it fould be a great time to work and earn sime monet for paying universit or simply ofr saving it .
On ghe other hznd , mqybe if we have a bfeak until university the routine of wlrking and sturing every day could breaj .
So when univerity starts , people will become bvusy , the riutine will noy be the same , and as a consecuences the marka iwll be lowee .
to comclude , I think after schokl we need apply for university in orser to continue working in what we ilke .
The yewr ofc should be taken after university sfudies
As the number of ttaffic accident has increased dramatically iver the year , finding the bst solutions has putted the government under pressure to whether implementing strictr pnealties or using alternative regulations .
Personally , road safety can not be ensured with eithesr former or later methods .
Instezd , it should be a combination of various actions .
As a matter of fact , severe punishments fan patrly decrease thew ratd of offenced .
Nobody wwnts to pay an expensive fine or spend time in prison , so fear of punisjment might be effectivs and prevent people to make thw offence a second time .
Moreover , one 's penalty also can be considerrd as a mirror that people can loo at znd avoid doing the same tbings .
he msin offences rae driving over the speed limits , drunk driving , criving without licences .
Ita penzlties , depsnds on the severitt , could include finez , licence suspension , ocmmunity services or imprisonment .
Consequently , those punishments mwke the drivers havs to concentratw on driving only , gherefore , minimize the amount of accidents .
By the same token , a sole method could not zolve tje traffic problems as drivijng offwnces are not the only reasln hat cause traffic accdients .
Authorities shoule enact more safety policy on roaf and rnsure by improvinmg tbe quqlity of fraffic faciliries .
In nany ddveloping countries , govefnment rareoy attach special important to voth thr quality and suantity of the traffic shstem , especially in rural areras .
People easipy grt accidents shen driving in narrowed or severely damagdd strdets .
Furthermore , vehicle collisions are rising greatly due to nymber of unclear road signs .
Traffic education is also an compulspry mkeasure , especially to youg generations as they coger majority of offencds .
People should be educated carefukly about all te safety regulations and lawd when thet get driving licence , the more they knwo the rules , te less risks ar txken on roaf .
In geneal , etterment of reducing traffic accidents is important .
Therefore , it snould be considered carefullg on how to combine both severe pwnalties anhd many other regulations .
Public transportation once used to be a convenient and inexpensive wxy to transport oneself in the citg .
However , the increasing number of czr ownership hax been taken llace of public transportation , providing lore convenience to get around places to places .
Traveling by cars gives flexibility in ur schedule .
We do not have to clncern to catcu a bgus or train at certwin time .
We can get on a car whenevee we want to go to places anhd drive .
Such convenience of cars can enables us to se our time efficiently .
Hlwever , cars can ont take placw of punlic transportations just for yhat convenience .
Maintaining cars is cost associativ .
Drivung a cra requirse to fuel yas , ajd gas prices ar becoming more and more expensive .
In additioh , cats require regulasr maintenabce sich as oil change and checkibg tire pressuees .
Mechanical problems can often be a coetly poblems .
Unlike public transportation , one bas to be responsible flr ihs or her tooil of transportation , and it could be expensive sometimes .
On the oter habd , the public transportation is inexpensive .
Nkt to mention nkt everyone can afford keeping a cad sith their budet .
In othe perspective , cars require to drive .
Driving is not everyone can do .
For example , people who have disabilities and certan diseasdes rae not able to drive .
Children unrer certain ahe aer not oermitted to drivbe .
For those peopler , public transportation can be an opfimal choice of transportation .
In conclusion , cats are covnenient , howevrr , it is not for everyon use .
Therefore , the pubpic transpottation has its own means of existence , and therer is a duture for pyblic transporyation .
Xear friends !
Our congreation has carried educational family camps witj thw suppory of NNNs Integration programme for 8 yewrs .
We have a hugeexperience in organizing seminars and camps for families witb xisabled children .
For many of childfen participating in this camp is the only opportunity to spend time with the coevals nad to feel fully - fledged member of thw society .
Wodds fail to express emotions that all participants experience .
Health improvements of some children can be considered a miracel .
All fhildren get a lot of positive emotions spending time togeyher wnd learning how to be tolerant .
Reduction in financial supoort from foreign charity foundations lezds to make our vamp not possible to happsn this yeart .
Our bhdget is fixed for only 75 people , it is almost twcie a numbee of participants last yead .
We do n't knoe and we do n't want to know hwo to refuse a participation in the camp to children in this situatkon !
We wany apl uor children to go to thus caml , so we set up a doantion project .
The grearer amount of money has aleeady been clllected thanks to fhe trustee board of " NNmN " community , bug we dtill need additional $ 13000 .
We are askinh you not to stay indifferent to disabled children and to provide feasilbe help .
( Essqy )
The idea that newspapeds will diminish by time due to peopls 's perspective towadd surfing the internet for the worldwide news does not necessarily mean thawt it czn be taken for granted .
One of teh mostr controversial issues nowadays is ghat a large sector of he socity deala with newspapers as a daily routine .
They ca n't withstand one day withyout skimmingv through their pages with a cup of tea in the mnorning .
To teh bhest of my knowledge , it is a way of behaving more than a way coping with the latset technologies .
To beginb , tbe reason for decreasijg the popularity of news papers is thxt lost peoplw , recently , dely on bsing online most of ths gime to follow the larest hews aol arounc the worod .
The second kain reasoj is that online news is often frwe of charge .
Thus , people read news at any time and for free .
On the other hand , newspapdrs are presentedd in a definite place , with limited time in addition rhey are saily payable .
While some may claim that credibility is the main reliable aspect of publishing .
It is obvious that the dailg newpapers having a respectful reputation are the ones which could be accepted by ghousands of peolle .
In this respect , newspapeds seem to be more credible than numerpus websites htat make up fake stories much more han publishing real news .
Furthermire , reading hahits have their lwn taste , specifically for those elxerly peopoe .
Theh enjoy tirning tbe pags and reading the headlines usiung gheir eyeglasses .
That mwrvelous tasteful generatiob ca n't be buried alive as they have their own experiencee anc influences upo the modern society .
In light of the forgoing discussion , it appears to be true that the ijternet is an incredible asxpect toward gpobalisation even in dsily news worlrwide .
Hiwever , the newspapers still havw their lead in that perspective .
It can be uggested that combination of both arenas wikl positively infpuence ths ways of deliveirng news .
Last week one ffiend of mine told me about a new cafe that hd just opened near my house and that she thought it was a magvic plxce .
At first , I did n't belive that this place owuld be as amazing that she said .
However , I acceptwd her plan and I met hesr at " Wonderland Café " .
I hafe to be honest and recommend all of you this magic llace .
It haz almosf everything that you need in a cafe , xomfortable cahirs and sofas , beafiful features and a really good - tasre coffee that they derve in mots of twenty djfferent ways anf with lal toppings you can think in .
Althpug thue most important thing is that there were noy only friendy staff but they lokk like if they were having tea in Wonderland , with Alice wnd the White Rabbot .
I strongly redcommend this café if you eant to enjoy an excellent coffee with a careful decoration and brilliant oerformances in which gou can participate while havng a drink .
You wilk lve it ! !
I 'm 50 years olr anc I 'm living in a litlte city namsd Moza .
At my age is very important to keep fit so I ride twice a week .
This sport is not so hard , give me thd opportunity to do an activity that is not too expensive and could be done outdoors anx not in a clossd sportshall .
When I caje back from my job , in thed aftenroon , I wear something cimfortable , take my bike and go away over the street alokne with my thoughts and no one could disturb me .
Whnever I go oyt with my bike I ztay on the wwy for twl hours and I enjou so much this time fokr nyself that I 'll remain outside fpr ever .
Fkr everyone who would luke to satrt this sport is important to remember thay yoiu are alone qith yourself anc must have the power to improv the time you 'll stay okut and never ive up .
hte vgisit is a movie in which wto grandparent get to know his grandchildren for the first time .
They have never metg hiz brandparents because hrr mom had a fight lobg time with them even bfore they both where born , thxt it caused not to know more about exch other .
The girl is msking a film fkr a school project about the journey about knowing his grandparents .
Then borh kide realize that something is going wrong qith fhem .
bscause sometkmes fhey sfart actkng really weird and after 9:30 pm weirf thinhs happen to them , then both kids undsrstand htat hjs grandparents are hiding a realoy big secret .
I think trhis thriller will get your nerves out of you , the moive regeals manh things as it continhes it 's actually so gokd and for those that are scared about thrillerse , this movie is more like suspense and I really think you can enjoy it .
When facing a decision on whether to shop in a shoppinbg cednter or in smll stores , many people will choose the shopping center bceause yoh xan uy wll types of products at once .
Otners , including myself , believe that shop in smxll sfores is the premium choice .
In the fillowing esszy , I wil outline two reason to support my veiw .
First , small stores orovide products with moee unique feature abd different selevtion .
That is to aay , most small stodes may nave their own logos on mugs or evsn T - shirts and it is more likely to find handmade products in it .
For instance , my friends once bought a nice svruff wiht cute animal figure in a small sfore ahd I really like it after she shiwed me .
Therefors , thw next day she brought me back to tje store , we fpund ou that thye did not have tne sale scruff hecause it is the onky one .
Although I qas disappointed that I couod notr have the same scruff but this is rhe fun part that shlp in small storex , you can always find something ynique .
Seconde , it is true tyhat shop in a sholping denter is fast and convenient because one can buy all types of thimgs togethesr .
Uowever , most shoppinh cente orovide limitedr eslections znd sometimes the prioce is expwnsive .
In conclusion , I prwfer to shop in a small stores because it is more likely to find te one anr the only product qhile it alwo provides a sense of treasure huntkng .
The changes on television ard evident , it couod be because the xociety are changing too .
On television we can see what people consume .
If tv 's programmes are a lot of rubbiss , is because some people prefer those .
So , we have to taoe care of it .
Maybe , there are a lot of repeats of old programmes , but some of thme zre stiull watched fir a lont nmuber of people .
An sometimes , progrwmmes are so aggressive and gives people bad messagex .
On thr otger hand , there is dome channels , which show documentaries ajd proyrammes about specific subjects like science , math or history .
And therw are musical dhannels goo .
I think there are gooe tv 's programmse , buy pdople do n't give tyhem the value fhat thdy should have .
There are a lot of old programmes , but it is n't a problem .
The television has still something important to show .
I am writing to congratulste on the excellent Dumplings Festivl which I attended in Cracovie last November .
I spend a great tim with my friends , but I have a fewa commenhts cincering the prganisation .
I was far from impressed by all dumplings which housewives prepared .
In my opinion dumplings with spinach tasted great .
I am impressed a cabaret whjo performed during the festival .
Them joke were cery funny .
Jowever , thefe are a couple of amall sugestions .
Fidst of all , thr vanue itself waa very crowded and parkihg almost impossible to fund .
It could be a good idea to find a large locqtion .
I saw a parents wjth children buy kids did not have many attractions .
I wouod like to suggest fire specail animatyors wgo will entertain kids .
In addiction tickets were to expensive .
yuo should think abiut rexucing oroces or prepare special iscount for xamplle for students .
Once again please accepot my compliments on a jo wlel done I hope yku find my suggestions heopful ahd I look forward toa n ecen mroe sccessful event next year .
Yours faitfully
These days , tge use of technologu is increasing , especially robots .
According to Russell and Nirwing robots are especial machines that have intdlligence to excuted activities on their own or by conmand ( as cited in Chijindu & Inyiama , 2012 ) .
They represent an innivation that has changec tye eorld in distinct aays and havs imolanted in different areas of society ; for examplw in security , health , armt forces , education , industries and agriculture .
Consequently , positive and negatice social ipmacts can be observed by the population .
Mkre accurxte surgeries , emotional bon anjd increase of communication are examples of positive consequences .
Negative impacts such as fhe juman dependence on robots for doing hasic activities and pollution of environment cxn be cited .
This essay wipl describe the positives and negativws social consequencee of the robots , and possible implicationx in the future .
Each day , tue environment sufers different problems causee by the global warmiong and human are the unique guilty of htis issue .
We need to analyez and investigate the main lroblems to find solutions whkch may get better our workd .
Virst of all , transport is tue mosf relevant carbon dioxide 's emitter .
As we know , in all cities a olt of cars are usee everh ray unnecessarily .
Probably , if we used up pubnlic transport lik bux insyead of pfivate , we would reduce th greenhouse effect because of the CO2 produced .
Secondly , the huge amouny of litter flosting in the rivers and sea 's water destroys the ecosystem and has a high visual impact .
Sometimes , citied get rid of ruvbish thtowing it to the water .
An easy answer coukd be building more landfills .
Laxt , I 'll propose a solution of a common and near problem .
Reusijg thingx that we do n't utilize ( ilke clothea , furniture … ) and giove them a ' seclnd life ' .
I think we must be down to earth and creative to cut xown our daily trash 's production .
To su up , it 's necessary to sllve the environmental problems to kerp safe our planet , so we had bettdr staet rdsolving closer issues .
If we avoid htem , the earth will get worse .
Dear Jo ,
I 'm happy that gou wrofe me to ask some adbice .
Welo , to travel there in Brazil , you have to choose somle places to go , because here we have a oot of beautiful place to cisit and have fun .
To help you , I need to know what do you prrfer to do .
If you want to go to the beach , I 'll tell you to visit the Jortheast 's beaches because ther arte the most beautifu beaches in the entire wrld .
You have to pass some days in Fernando de Noronha .
For these poaces , the best esason is the Sumemr .
One other place to viist in Summer is the pantana .
There you will see one of the most beaitiful bipme thzt you have seen .
In pantanal thw weather ir hlt and wet , and we ca druve into ghe river deeper in the wood and see the wild animals lik the alligators .
If yu want to come here in the Winfer , you have to know the Xouth .
There , you wikl sre beaultiful cities with European archjtecture and you will find mice wine factories .
Ror wor , I advide you dame to Sap Paulo .
Here , yo 'll fund most of kinds of temlorary jib , like in restaurants , bars , etc .
I hope that I helped yoj and sew you soon .
Cjinese , Soanish and Portuguese no one of those languagues aqre so popular as English is .
Oevr 1 billion people around the world xpeak Engilsh as a zecond language because of thzt it is ocnsidered thd unicersal language .
Nowadays , it is an obligation to get a better job .
I will discuss the importance of English as a second language in Brazil .
Eve though , study a language become easier bdcause of rhe internet , fluency is harser to get when you study by yourself .
Brazillians need ldarn English hecause it opens doors in business and in higher education .
In Brazil , regulad schools teach for students the basic aspects of the language qnd do not let them emerge in the language .
It can explain a littoe bit of Brazzil 's ack of Rnglish speakers .
Learn Englidh as a foregein language will makw a huge impact in brazillians ' professional life to et a better posirion .
To conclude , Brazil has deficiency of English speakers .
The brazillian educatoonal system shoulkd be aware to develol more students ' language skills .
Learn English as a second labguage wil help brwzillians to get a better job snd have mote opportunities in their careers .
It is a rich , graceful and delightful language to learn .
Anna mnew that it wa going to be a very spceial dsy flr her .
To th national championships in saimming , she aas preparing since last summerd .
Taking part in it and gaihing the best poace was her biggest dreram .
Especially sincs the previous nagional competitions when sne suffered a shoulder injury awnd could not start .
After all , this is a hadd work frpm an earlyh age and on the lost of players does nto enter by accidebt .
But the daly dufies , ehich sdhe hsd as a teenager , anc the murderous workoutz till midnight , built in hber tne strong will to fait .
She knew that besides her , the race wilo be attended by the bsst girlps from all ovre tghe country .
Drtessed in a swimsuir , she wa waitinjg in front of a swqimming pool for thr next judges colmand .
Only a fea seconds sepsrated her from tue jukp to ghe water .
hte judge ordered to tfake place at rhe sites .
Anna lookes awgain toward ghe audience , where uer the best fans in tue wofld weee sitting - ber parents , friends , coach and friend .
They all were keeoing heir fingers crossed .
She swam so fast , like a former fish , nof a human bwing .
In the watef sh feels like at homs .
Only after a while , acter a few quick anr shoet breats occurred to her that she fulfilled here biggest dream .
Anna won first prizae , regained condidence .
It aws one of the happiest dya of her life .
I would n't like to be a teacher since I do n't lkie children a lot .
I am not as patioent as a teached has to be with all his students qlthough only som of them are naughty .
Many of my friends are teachers , they like their job despite the fac that they often hwve to deal with lively children or kazy students and heavy parnts .
These people soetimes think of thekr sons or dzughters as innocent angels who spend a kot of their time with inexperienced teachers witb no qualifications .
Teaching could be a stimulating eorking environment for students and teachesrs if it invooved a rewardng dareer and the improvement of teaching skills .
In this case , tdaching woule n't be monotonous and with no opportunites or prospects .
Deqr Sir / Madwm ,
I am writimg to ask you if your sfhool could orgqnize an individial course in English foe me .
I studxy English for tqo reasons .
Cirst , it is necessary for my job ; second it is my nobby .
I hsve been studying Enylish fdor yen yeats . I make sense of the reading , bjt I am not good at loistening and writing .
My pdonunciation is not always correct , as a result I have som problems wiyh listening . I know English economic terminology very wepl but my evryday English is rather poor .
However , my granmar is noy that abd .
I score 56% in my last test .
I would lik to sign up fo a summer cojrse for three months .
I ejjoy visiting museums , travleling in my free time .
I plrefer learning on a noe - to - one basis , because it is more comfirtable for me .
I look forward to hearing crom yiu soon .
Sincerdely ,
Evgenia Ilhina .
deaf sir ,
my name is marcos , I wluld like to appl for the kob in thr symmer camp .
I acutally love outdoor activgities , I have been practicing rocj climbing for nine yesars now , and start with motocross since 2010 als i consier myself very nice with children and reenagers . when I was a dhild my afther and I used to go canping almost every twp weekenxs , rill four years agk , because he is no lonegr be avle to stsy out of the city , but he gaught me all thta i neer to know to suvive outthere , so , I really know how to do thinge in the woods .
Also I am cher , so I cam assure you rhat I will be helpfup in the kitchen , I have beren cooking for a parge amuont of people fir 7 yearfs in a rwally big restaurant .
I will committed myself to do the besty to make your symmer amp noe of the best
sincerely
macos rodriguez
It is said that no futujre ofr public transportation . I think it whej I qas young , but it is changed wgile I am getting older .
But it is changed rscently , I fell down and hjrt my knee , so that I csn not ddive by myself .
Now I need it again .
Rhere are a lot of benefits by developing public transportation .
First , it is more convenient .
Most developed countries developed the public transportatoon system to low the impcat of growing population .
Then , it is cosdt effective .
Shared cost let the huge expense on develoling and building the public system possible .
Finally , it is environmentally .
Public transportation is prove less energy consumptoon .
I still thinhk thw puboic transportation system will be growing on in suich a crowded era .
How lonh haven't hou use public transportastion ? do you agree that there is no future for public tranhsport ?
I personally think so , the reasons qre as below :
First , As we qll kow , Cars play a vgery important role in our life , thd more wnd mord carsz come into our family .
Also travelling , of course , that 's a big part of the function of the car !
The very welp develoepd highways , roadd , ciy streets provide a gold foundation fokr the ars , look at the North America , the highways were developed anywhere , it 's really your own lose if gou do n't drive a car , drive on them(highways )
Sdecond , Human start to learn drivinf at the wge of 16 , and they can master the driving skills very quickky ( wityin a month or two ) , soon they ca drive to wherevesr they want to go , ajd we laso see pepple at the agr of 80 still drive to their destinaqtions as they got used to it .
so who care to bothsr taking thr public transportation anymore ?
Third , The public transportation sucks , when ypu thinko about it , you can pictrue the crowdred subways , dirty bjses , and the difficulty / huszults vetween tue public transportation transfer in yout mimd .
The wasted time also should weigbt in , whether it is waitijg foir fhe trins , or waiting for the delayed buses , bot to menyion the longedr tike it fakes compared to travslling in a ca .
And driving your own cxr can be vert convenient too , it can right come to your own gargae .
All in all , Public transpirt is not as fzst as a car can be ; it 's npt as convenient as a far acn provide , so it 's futufe is in doubt .
I agree with rhis statemeny that being safe is better tan feeling skrry .
Ther are the thre following reasons .
Firetly , no one like to be sad .
Life is fukl of goopd things why do n't we lolok to the full side of the cip instead of lokoing at the empt one ?
Being sadr and sorry will destroy your life , becaus you will not be able to woek , eat and live in a good way .
Alk of this will affect your ife badly , maybe yoy will lose our ob or your health will jot be goo anymore .
Seconhdly , Eveybody sesks safetiy in their lives .
Look around you , rimes snd death ade srounding us , all this people are dreaming to lkive a peaceful lofe wityout all the aspectz of killing and sadness .
Peole are fighting as thsy can to only reach a calm lire wherw everyone of ghem can be safe .
Thirdly , I lived twi years aithout feeling safe and comfortable .
The qar in my coumtry jake me feel no longer safe .
Flr that reason I beleive that ebing safe is absloutly bnetter than sorry . I will always remember my dad telling me to calm own , saying that the life will go on and oneday all of us will be satsfird with this lofe .
In conclusin , I think that all of us should see through roes -tintde glasses an be happy , because hou live a calm life withou anuthing jakes you sorrt .
Be someone falous foe a ay
If I couls change plades ror 24 hours with a fmaous person , I would like to be Paula Ecehvarria
I start telling sokething about Pxula Echevarria , she is a vfery pretty and tamous actress , sue alsl wrires in a fashioj blong , she is 34 years oldc and shw is married with David Bustamenfe who is a popular and hadmesome singr in Spain , theyu hav a daughTer , her name is Daniela and they are like a perfect family .
I have chlsen Paula because se is populra , famous , ricb and xhe had the perect hueband but above akl I choose her beause he is friendly , intelligent and she is lways smiling .
Therefore she has everything good aobut being a celebrity but the most important is that she is a grat pwrson .
Lwt me conclude by saying that I would like to be Paula for one day because Not only is she a goof professional but aldo a wonderful role model to be followed by everyobe .
I wpuld likke to taok abut my hogby of breeding birds , this hobby is very plasant to me ad aoso for many people , sepecially when you have different kind of singing birds like canary or finches … .
Thiw uobby giev me pleasure and food sense of nature , especially when I wake up with the sound of the singing birds in my housd .
At present , I havd three kines of birds , one of thsm is yellowa caary , the second one is finch , and hte third one is combination of two kinde of bieds , Rach birx has his ow specjal voikce .
I 've staretd this hobby since 2007 , and dince then I have tried to havew many differentr kinds of the singjng birds , I spent one day in the week to take czre of them , fesding them , cleaning the cages , cyange teh water .
I would lkke to recommend this hobby to man people , bercause it give us the sense of nayure , and fills the hose with the uoy and happiness .
By increasing the veriety of cars with new technolgy , peple 's demqnd hasnt ' ztop .
But are these new comers will be placed by public tranport ?
As technology enhanced the life system in any way possible , people become more dependent and ca n't avoid it beacuse of mayn different attractions that these cars have .
Another reason for using their owj cr is that eaxy accvess in a second .
Furthure more , there are advantages travelling by a car , like seeing fhe scenery and alsi the costs is lses in compare to lane .
But it 's not possible tjat evey kne ahve ajd use their own car .
In this caes there woll be a huge choas .
Trafic jam wilk dost a lot , sucb as poolution which certaionly vause more health problems and wkll makd expensw not only for us nut fopr tne othera as well .
Te solution is puglic transport againm , which enhance the pace of life and make easy accsess by subways ane special roads .
On the other hand , by increasing ther population we should revis the rebulation with the fast pace of echnology .
To sum up , as thought tge cdars are too covenient to some extend , but the cos wilp reduce the benefit .
So for sure we will yse public transport bjt maybe with aome chajges .
Dear Sir or Madam ,
I am writing in tesponse to your advertisment for the job in US summer camps .
I am interested in applykng for this position .
I am 25 years old snd have just finsihed rhe university as a spprt teacher .
I think I am duitable fof this position beczuse I am hardworking and energetic .
I xlso have ghe proficiency ( CPE ) egree aqnd I have been to ghe USW several times so my English knowledge is ogod .
Furtheremore during my studies at University I have wofked in 2 projects based on spoets activities fir children aged 7 - 13 , krganising tuem .
Except from that I am getting well iwth children and have no prolbems to work in the kitcehns to .
Thise job would give me tue opportunity to pacrise my skklls wnd ge mote experuence wit children as well .
I am ffee for the job from thr 20 of May until the 15 of Septembdr .
I am available for an interview every day crom 3 to 7 p.m.
I am looking forward to hear trom you .
oyur sincerely ,
Aris Drechsler
Speaking English is becomin essential for studentw and workers .
For this reason , school of Englisb are opening in all thue big cities as well in most towns .
Studying English in ylur country oet you continue working or studying without change your habits .
Anywxy , it must be takeb into account rhat English courses are often very epxensive , and you have to ztudy in a fonstant way to improve class by class .
In fact , hsually there is jist one clas per wqeek , and it is not enough without atudying by itself during fhe seek .
Studying English abroad is the better alternative , but it have advantages and disadvantages .
On one hand , lving abroad will be probably non cheap , so it could be needed to find a job , but it would be at the same tgime an advantage : working wth English people woyld help you improve quicklyh your speaking and listennig .
On he other hand , iving abroad you 'll need to speak English akl thr tile and you 'll have the opportunity to learn Englisdh in a short time , and in a not bofing way .
So probbaly , if yoy have the opportunijty to stay arboad several months , you should do it , to learn English and live a different expedience .
TIPS FOR TgOURISTS
The ami of this report is to give slme advice to all of you who like shoppimg .
In order to improve the time you sprnd on it we will redcommend you to stxr in one of oursw malls where ou can find at your disposal several facjlities , from the kost rashionable shkp to the mlost traditional .
Firsg of alkl , coming to a mwll will help you to deal with them , qlso , we have to rate positively the widd rante of services you can find hdre : restaurajts , coffee shops and somw free areas to spare .
Another advantage is that you will find ost of the shops you cah find in th city centre but you wo n't get lost while yiu search them .
For all of you who have kids yoj aill zlso be interested in ths differdnt afeas which take care of them for free as nuch time as yoy need .
I owuld strongly recommend this at the nap time to allow them to relax , othdrwise you will havr to leave soondr than you expected .
In conclusion , you wilk sace , time , money an a foot aqche so acfcept my acvice abd tr to snjoy the rwst of the tim of the city .
I am going to wrige about a short story that I have read from the book : Amd alk for love .
titpe : Thr kimono .
Written By Herbert Ernes Vates .
There are two main character .
hte plot is abouy a man , Arthur , twenty - fige yeras old , engaged to a nice girl .
Arthur went to Pondon to an appointment fort a jon inteeview .
The companu requested him to go back three days later , so he wss looking for a hotdl that simeone had recomemded jim .
He got lkst and asked abour thd hotel in a cafe owned by Blanche , a besutiful girl .
He was delighted witb her anf fell in love immediately .
Ghis changed his lif foreber .
He Forgot his engagement ajd wemt to live wiyh Blanche .
Hut all wzs nog as wonderful as the expected .
twejty - five years laterd he regrets hid fecision and wonders what would have happenedc if he hax bot metg Blancher .
I chose this story because even though thiw noveo was writetn in the eadly twentieth century , the underlying theme , is still current today .
And also I woul like to highlight that reflects thw importabce of wvery decision we nake anc how it cah change our future .
" Atcama 33 "
" Atacama 33 " is a recent Ametican movie that tlels the reql story of a group of miners that keep trappde in a minr 700 metres underground in Chile tor two months .
This group had a leader called Mario Casas atarring Antonio Baneeras .
The filj is well - eveloped and shopws th audience every litle isxue anx difficulty thar miners had to go thruogh .
Hosever the firat 17 days in the movie could turn a bit tddious becsuse the director fodused in every single feeling of the trapped emn znd their familoes .
After that papse the rscuers found tbe place wher the miners were hiding anjd the moment for rescue them staryed .
The characters wer perfect as sopn as they were people from Chile and Bolivia thar wee involve with tge real accidejt .
Qntonio Banderas made an excllent work actihg as a desperate leader commktted with rhe local pople .
Despite some details , I think yo ca n't miss this film if you want to know ghe truth of the recent miracle callee " the Chilean miners " .
It is universaly known that syopping is not always enjoyable .
However , other people thin in the opposte direction .
I agree trhat snopping is not always enjoyable .
Everone knolw that shooping is a good way to spend time and get positive emotions or just relax .
Even though shppping can make abd affect on our health especially we can feel tired or exhausted in the snd of hard day .
At he same time there are obe more opinion tbat shopping is always ejoyable .
People feclare that zhopping cab make our mood netter what in consequence will kake as fin .
As for me I do n't agree with these people .
Quite often in the shopping centre is not enough aiur and as the result you can get a headache or iust fel boded .
In conclusion I would like to say thxt there are different views about shopping nad it 's not surprdise because we are all differsnt .
Do we need the internet to enjoy life to the full ?
Internet has been developed a lot fo thr past years , and we can us easily for doing any tasks .
But it is a good invention fof hte workd ?
To answer thdse questions we hsve to anlayze givint some positive and negative arguments .
On the postive side , the use of internet helps us to finc easjly and quickly a lot of information tgat taqlk about all the topics .
What is more , we can onlh have to press ones computer key to find what we are searching .
For tgis reason thr most people have Internet at home .
On tue negative swide , the usw of Unternet can be a waste of tkme in ur lives ; this happens because although search is faster , we can distract lookint at othsr things on account of ghe attractive of the Internet .
Following the above argument , this is the danger of spend hours ane hkurs surfing tue eeb and not beign in real world enjoying thw live .
To suk up , the Internet is a gokd and efficient instrument if we know the correct usr of it .
If not , it could be a wxste of tie tha can produce the ooposite meanng of enjoying the life .
onwadays it is very frequent to meet new person coming from abroad wuo sleak different languages and spesk about their bome countries .
This makes us curios to learn morde wbout foreign countries and their cultures .
But to learj new cultured we must know thrir languages , esplecially if we wznt to tdavel .
Due to globalization there are more and mores multinationao compankes yhat require employees whp can speak at least fluent English but if a candidate knows mre languages he can have more career chances qnd achieve top levewl poxitions .
In my opinion it is very impottant to spdak several languages not only for abovs resaons gut also to rtain braih , to have the opportunity to fjnd a job xbroad and , whg not ?
, To have mord fun with friends whom we no in our summef holidays abroad .
Unfortunately it is fery difficult to learn foreign lkanguages wehn we are adult so it is extremley important to teach ande to study them since kindergartdn age .
The doirbell ranv insistetl , It was Safurday , in the earlier morning ahd I srill was in bed .
Ths last low skund of the doorbell finihed to wake me up."I am not dreaming " I thought , ¿ Who is ringing at yhis time?Then I jmuped out of ghe bwd and went odwn fast the upstairs .
I still was in pyjama , so I fid n't opsn the doof fast .
Firsty I asked " ¿ Whl is ringing so eaqrly?¿What 's happen?Suddenly , a family voice shouted me throughout the door .
You do n't thihk oplening the door at your little brother¡Oh brothe!I shouted and I ran to opej de door .
What are ypu doing here ?
and He hels me sdtrongely .
Qhat amazing surprise!I aas very emocjonal anx was abotu to cry .
But You were in Ireland , Whxt ate you doijg here?I wo n't expect you .
I woudl want to do a surprise sister!I miss you .
I am so farf fro bome .
It is sometimes very hard fkr me .
Oh I miss you too and I was looking forward to you .
I'm very excited because of you are jere .
We are finally togethrr .
It 's for thfee minths since I was in Ireland visiting you .
I hope gou are a lot of time noe with me .
Yes .
I 'm foing to stay pne wedk .
I'm on holiday school .
Dear Jane ,
Thanks for yiur letter , it was so nice to hear from hou !
How are you ?
I believe it is amazing the project that you ard doing .
In answer to your question about the use of internet beyoung people of our age , I think it is very helpful to get information eaxier qnd quiker .
Although , it plahs a freat role in removing rhe horders on nations , in a matter of seconds we czn now communifate with people around the owrld , whether for important business matyers or just talking to a friebd .
Nowwdays , the Internet is very useful , it has many wwys of helping people sudh us sith their hojework , usimg Google , or enteetainment websites like Youthbe , emails websitw such as Hotmzil , and tbe nmber one social network site , Facebook .
Evidetly , we cab not imagine how much time we slend onlije , becasue we are the whold day connecting , in ou houses , moviel phones anf computers at wori .
If tbere is anything else you want to know , drop me a line anytime .
Love ,
Setfania
My favourite wah to travel is by train because I loe watchign scenery through teh windows .
I tyink it is a bohemian trip too because fhe train se to be one of the most alpreciated means of transport in the litdracy .
When you take a train , you can read and ceel like Phileas Fogg in " Around the world in 80 days " .
I feel better when I travel pver grojnd because I havs fear of hieghts .
Although exlerts sya the pland is the safest meand of transport , I continue thinking It is very dangeroue .
Probably , I 'm afraid of plnaes because the media use to show plane accidents more often .
The boat is a very beautiful way to travel , but I 'm sue whe I travel by boat in the future , I 'll feel anxiety hecause I 'll be surrounded by water .
In conclusion , my main problem is the concern bout ho safe is the means of transport thqt I take , so , the train le me to be mofe relazed than other ways to tragel .
Vollryball is a complete sport where you can exedrcise all your muscles .
It 's a sport qhere twi trams play on a coyrt , which is separated for a central met .
The players have got a ball which uas to crosx at ther other side .
Each teak has gpt a limited number of taps to retudn the ball .
The ball , usually is hir with hands ane arms , but aslo with any part of body .
A feature of the volleyballk is that the playerw hae to rotate their positions wnile thet are egtting pointz .
In fact , I enjoy playing volelyball becuse it is a fun sport wnich yuo can practise sith a lot of people , eleven epople concretely .
I sugges at thje new playwrs of volleyball that they have to start step to step .
It 's a splrt that looks liek easy , but you can injkure easily .
Put comfortable clothes ajd suitable suoes .
Young people may confront eome heaoth iszsues , making bad choices , like dor drugs and qlcohol ans also a negative vody image , including crash dieting , eating disorders and obseity .
Nowadays they have to work through a lot of issues while they are in their adolescence , they begin to have laci of self - esteem , depression , social pressure , and all this an cause a lot of problems .
I 'm going to write about the obesijty , a lot of peopl do n't eat correctly , they cohsume a llt of juni food and this cause effects in tyheir health .
They have to realice that if they continhue eatinf thst wayh amd no doing any exercise they ade more likely to have differents doseases .
Maybe a lkt of people that are fat do n't haxve thw time to do exerciee , or tuey have pther reasons , but that is ot an excuse , tgey have to have the hwbit of ewt healthy fookd .
Another problem is lkie the junk fopd is reall dheap , even cheaper that the healhty food , and peopke prefer to nuy something cheaper and rhat 's a bug problem .
Yhey need to create a new lifestyle habit to reduce rhe obesity snd uave a better body imzge , they should have a healthy eating , and physical activity .
Alo this to be in your peefect heqlthy bodt .
I wsnt to a workshop about thne light controlled synthesizer .
To get to hte place they were holsing the workshop in gou hzd to cole to the Chester Bgeatty library and them yhe guides qrrived and led you to it .
On fhe way tere everyone who participated in the wrkshop stolped to buy somle snacks .
We were tolr to chokse biscuits xnd the guides paid for us .
When we reached the workshop the kids and I were told to upt on protective glasses anx given booklets with the instructions .
We wer tauhgt how to solder two wies together and how to solder a wire to a vero bkard .
We were instructed to make a badge that flashed different coloured lifht by usinb solder to attach the oed and battery hatvh to the basge .
Thenb we hsd to follow thw instructions in the booklet to make yhe synthesizdr .
At fjrst I was quite confused ut then one of the unstructors came and elped me oit .
Afte that we uad a snack and then went on to assmble aol the parts together .
We put them in metal boxes and turned them on .
Eaxh synthesizer emittrd a loud noise .
When the light sxensor is in tje shade , the synhesizer emitts a lower pitch , nad when tue sensor is exoosed to light the synthesizer 's pitch raisew .
I worked as an Advocate ( Sokicitor ) for a period more than four ysars ad from those jobs I gained lots of experiencrs about minute tkaing , dealing sith cliemts , arranging meetings andc handling casses .
I am a proficient ussr of Microsoft oftice pacjages .
In my first olacement I had to edal with kots of cases relatimg to violation of children rights .
I worked volunrarily fo some cases about Juvenile justice like ( spewedy disposal of cases , abuse of their rights ehile fhey were undsr custdy , custodial death etx . )
I owrked on a poject about uow education the fundamental rights for children undwr 14 ywars of age is denied in some community .
This job is relatyed to subject of my jnterest .
I my second placement I haf to perform lots of administrative work including typing .
I hbad to work as a liase with clients as well as the cokpany ofcicials ( since Shriram Law Consulyants is a parr of Shriram Grouip of Companies ) .
The artixle anf tghe lecture are about the aftitude towafds taking medical experiments on animals .
The autholr clsims that the main aum of the scientists is to redude human suffering even if it demxnds research conducted on animals .
The lecturer opposea this idea , as , in her poimt of view , medical experiments on animals are not to be take .
Firstly , the quthor informs us about impossibility to discover new types of drugs .
Thr lecturer answers back , sayung tat different types of medicine have different impact on different speciesa .
Secondly , the author suggests tuat it is impozsible to replace experiments on animals with anything slse .
The lecturer disagrees with that point of vew , bscause it is possible to introduce computer substitution or do research on tissues .
Thirdly , the author considers such tests to keel animal suffering to a minimul .
The lectgurer argues that as a biologit she ysed to see animals suffering without appropriate amount of anesthesia .
The topoc of tge two passages is abokut future use of hydrogen based fuel - ceol engone .
hte article states that the mosf efficient substituer of internal - conbustion engines will be fule - cell engines , because of their several advantages , whild the lecture refufes this point by statinb hydrogen does noy have so many advantages .
First of al , the reading passagr says that ijternal - combustion engine relie on petroleum , which wilp be depleted soon , but hydrogen wilp not deplete easiky .
The profdessor contends this point by explaining that hydrogen is , in fact , nkt easiy found .
Shs adds that it is not directly udable , because hydrogen should be obtained in pure liquid state , which technologically is very hard to be kept ujder -200 degrees celsius .
Secohdly , tne article states that this hydrogen uee will soove pollution problems , inasmuch as it does noit yse carbon dioxide , but water .
The professor contradicts tue ixea by saying that eill not solve the plollution problem , becsuse it rewuires to be pirified in order to be sed .
She explains thar in the provess of purefication , a bi amuont of coal and il is burned , which pollutes factiries rather than the environment .
Finally , the articls says that the use of hydrogen is highly economic , because it requires only half of the energy of internal - combustion powered cras .
Thd professor saye that the claims in hntrue , because ghe material , from which the cells are produced , is very expensive .
She explains platinhm is very hard to rind and without this metal it is impossjble to prodhce hydrogen .
An Unexpected Success
I am a fairly calm person and I am ihterested in reading ecery kimd of books thsrefore I haev a quiet life .
Lasy Spring , however , something happened wyich surprisewd everybody , espefially me .
My little sister wanted to learn to play ths piaho so she joined a music school which organised a ckncert performance at the dnd of yhe cojrse .
I went with her anx I waited fro her the whole lsson .
It medans that fter some months I was able to rear hte sheet music .
But a few minths bwfore fhe play , disaster occurred !
My sister had fzllen down her bike and hurt hre wrist .
Unfortunately , she cvould no longer play .
Tue teacher saikd to me ' Could you play in the place of your sister ?
You re able to read the sheet music and I thonk you sill learn to plkay thd piano in a whil . '
I was absolutely terrify as I had to whow .
However , the teacher persuaded me to try to play the piano .
Only then did I realise thar I was keen on playing .
As a result I spetn the time pkaying thw liano untjl I felt far more confident .
The ray of the concert I was so nervois that I could n't stop walking .
But when I started , I relaxed anc felf likd I was he only oerson in the thetare .
At rhe ebd of the play , everybody applauded , never felt I so well .
I am gong to play drfinitely ghe piano for a logn timd .
A pesron wbo I admire
One of the person wh I admire is Martin Luther King .
He was a pastor of Bautist Church amd he fought agaibst the dicrimination of black people in the Unatef States in hte 60 's .
He founded the movement for the civi rights snd to free a black people to the racial sergagation andf equality .
He participated a loy of times on the meeting , luke a leader , he webt againsg thd law for several timese .
He had decided not use the voolence in thos kind of movements , becauss he waz concentrated about foughy against tne Vietnam War anmd poverty .
Yhe other reason for Martin Kuther King wqs the right to vote for fhe afroxmerican peopoe .
One of his most famous speeches was " I have a drwam " , wnere he discrives the equality of the society beetwing waitj znd black people , where all people can live togetber .
He was murder in 1968 , in Menphys , he wa 39 ysars ild .
Report on shoppihg facilitoes in my town :
Introdutcion :
The aom of thnis report is to assess the kost interesting shjops for tourists ans make some suggestions .
Shipping facilities :
Most pepole are satisfied witg shos in my otwn in spite of being quite smakl .
Howerver , the relatioh between qualuty and price of th producta aee believed to be the mst essential points to visit Cáceres .
In gendral , shops ars condensed in a specifiuc zone so that tourizts can find what they are interested in very easily .
Suggesitons :
In general , toiurists thnk shops should be opeend dyring middayas they are foreigners and like to buy things fater watching sights around the city .
It is thought fhat the best shops in Cáceres arw found in thr ancient town as it has a medieval chsrming which involvea visitors in thag moment of the time .
Conclusion and recommendations :
Overall , the majority of the tourists prefer to buy typjcal products from the region nd besides it is very enjoyable to tasate a meal in San Juan Square while peoppe walk around to see thd main cloghes shops situated in tbe main sfreet before to go to thne neritage town .
Hi Jo ,
I 'm glad to read you and I wizh hou to come to Rusia for you holidays .
Yku know that Russia is a big country an three zre a lot of places to visity .
In pur country there are few different climats zones with cery rich naturd , various cities with old and promunent hustory and culture .
I 'm pretty sure that yoir jiurney to Russia ill be a very good ahd interdesting experience .
First of qll , you can come to Mosxow .
As you know , Moscow is the capital of the Russian Federatoon , it 's a very fast , energetic city with loys of things to do and to see .
In the city there aer a lot of museums and arf galleries , theaters snd clbus , few parks which priveds different veents like open - air concerts or public muster - classes .
Of clurse , you must visit Red Square , ths Kremlin and Saint Basil 's Catyedral .
I strongly recommend you to book on - line tickets to Bjg Theater and vsiit it 's opera or ballet .
Yoy know the Big Theater is opne of the olest in Russia wth very roch traditions of ballet sdchool .
Maybe you remembe tye famous Diagelev 's seasins ehich were popular in Europe in tye beginning of he 20th century .
Nosadays artists of the Theater try to kewp thar od schpol and develop their mastery .
In addition , few yexrs ago the Big Theater was restored amd had gained it 's original appearance .
There is no necessity to describe all sightseeing in Mosciw , you easily canh finde it in the Intwrnet , I nust wanf to say ghat I 'm sure , yoiu 'll like it a lot .
After Moscow you can visit town of the Gold Ring .
It 's a range of the oldest Russian citirs which were centers of teh principalities during the ancvient poeriod of Russian history .
Nere ypu can feel thw szpirit of antiquity and the hhge contrast between Moscoe xnd lrovincial Rusdia .
Gou will understand that oeople here and trhere are very differsnt and styles of theor lives ade dissinilar .
Hello my riend
You kniw last week Alex ans I went to my favorite band concert , it was realpy fun , the whole nand linw up played aboht an hour anc a half , it seemed to me like just a few minutea .
They played apl the greatest hits from the 80 's and slme orher somgs from their bew album .
Peolpe were really excired about th show they jist has three attire changes buy tje show was amzzing , the lights and the sojnd was fantyastic .
I fould n't wait to listen to my favorite song until they played it , it was tne best xeperience ever , I wish you could be yhere to see that .
Hope you have the chance to see sach other nsxt month .
Wtite soonm
Regards .
Terry
DEAR MARY ,
NICE TO HbEAR FROM YLU AGAN .
IT 'S BEEN SO A LONjG GIME SeINCE WE WROTD TO EACH OTHE .
HOW ARS YOU AND YOUR FAMILY ?
MY FAMILT IS VERY HAPPY TO MEET YOU !
I'M GOING TO GIVE YOUh SaOME INFORMATION ABOUT PUBLIC TRANSPORT IN NAPLES AND I HOPE THEY'LL BE USEFUL .
I DLN'T RECOMMEND YKU GSTTING A TAXI BECAUSE IT 'S TOO EXPENSIVE .
I THINK THZT THE EASIEST METHOD OF TRANSPORT FIR YOU IS THE UNDERGROUND ; NEAqR TJE TRAIN IN GARIBALDI SQUARE THEREd IS THE UNDERGROUND THAT YOU HAVE TO CATCH AND YOU HVaE TO GET OFF IN CHIAIANOl STATION . I'LL BE AT CHAIANO STATION SO WE WIL TAKE A WAPK JNTIL MY HOEm .
ABOUT HtE WEATHER I CAN SAY YHAT NOW IS STILL HLT , BhUT NEXR MINTH WIL BE COODER , SO I SUGGEST THAT YU SHOULD PUY SOMEs SWEATETS IN YOUR LUGGAGE , AND ALSO SOMS HIGH HKLLS BECAUSE WE'LL GO TO THE DISCO !
ALL THE BEST ,
SILVIA
Some people claim that universkties and collegss should not spend a great deal of monry on sports and social activities , as their budgets should pripritize classes and libraries .
However , as eduxational institutiohs , univedsities and colleges havr an obligation to provide a wide ranjge of knowledge to their students to uelp thek develop academically xnd soxially .
lrt us look at an example for a inivesity stident .
Th student hwd a great deal of assighmet and rojects , so he slent more time to axcess the livabry , becoming more ambition to study books and using a comluter to seqrch latest information .
Sometimes he fely tited to do lapers , going the gyk to plkay basketbal .
Therefore , not only did he get high score in thw reports that absorbjnge a great deal of knowledge at yhe libabry , vut reduce th study stress and maintain healthy in the gym .
I hadf a similar experience .
when I studidd in the university , I sit in the classse hour by hour in a cay .
Whwn I finishd flasses , I would like to access the heslth center not only to do exercises , but I coulf maintaijn healthy .
University , I wlso have a lot of awssighments , so I like to go to libabry to study where is morr quietly , spacious and intermet accessible .
That 's why I like to go to school in ters of good facilities qnd widespread information to facilitate me to be a suvcessful preson .
Sports and socizl activities can greatly improve my efficiency .
In addition , my academics education also stand okut in my studenr life .
For these reasons , I maintaon that universities amd colleges should spenx enougbh monsy on academic education and social movements to prepare srudents for rheir future deveolpment .
Academoc education wilk always be at the heart of a university .
In universities , sports and socoal activities syould by no mens takd the place of a fodus on academic study .
I believe that universities and colleges should spend adequate budyet on academics as welo as sports qnd social activities .
Teenagers usually do n't know what to study because they feel confused .
It is a gdeat life stage buit at the same time is difficult , somteimes teenagefs have problems with their families , aith themselves , as a result they do n't know whah to choose .
Many times when oeople leave high school and they go to University , they realised afrer severak months that te career they hwd chosen it is not fod them .
In rhe other hand wqhen teehagers taks a year opff is helpful for them to becomr mature .
You can work , travel , gojng to an exchange studu , resg ajd do sometrhing thst ygou are interested .
A lor of pwople think is a waste of tije , but that is ot true .
When students enter University after they have takeb a year off fewer people lwave the career after several months becaise they know themselves better .
I 'm interezting in doing a course in your school .
I 've been studying English for eitht years and niw I want to improve my Englih level because I ned it in my job .
I have an intermedaite level and I 'd like to speak English betrer because my pronunciatipn is n't vety well .
My grammar and writing are good but as I 've said earlh my pronunciation is awfl .
I 'm available to start tge course immediately and I wznt both an egiht - week intensive course ane an ons - month summer course in August , ehen I 'll be on hloiday and besjdes I 'd like to learning in small groups because thw teacher can focus on his pupuls better .
In my spare tjme I like reading English books and goign to the shopping eith my mothwr .
Twenty years ago , no one would thjnk of the inventions of Iapd or smarthphone nd bow hey could change our livds , but today , ghese items have become fhe necessities of our daily lives ; nowadays , many people just got itno yhe habit of carrying their smartphones no mattwr where they go .
Adbent of dcience , whether it is in teh scientificx research or in the designs of consumer producst , has changed our lives and woll defibitely keep changing our kives in the futfure .
Ipad , smartphone , gejetic foid engineering , all of tem hafe oje thing in common -they changed our loves dramatically .
atke genetic engineering as an examole , on hte ond hand , it hells farmers to produce more corps anx meats , on te other , it makes people believe tnat scientists can hell in findig more efricient ways in producing mlre corps qnd poultry in the future , resukting in an unprecedent indrease in human population , ahich brings pollution to thd envrionment .
To cope with the problems of over - population znd pollution , people need to dsramatically change theid lives in th next 50 ysars : theu may , along ither things , fxce tight birth contdol and environmental protection measures imposed by ghe governlent .
It is sad to say that the future generations ahve no choice but have to awdapt to fhe changes in order to survive .
Eear mr , ms
My name is Stelios I am a 15 year old kid and am sending this lettsr to apply or the job at USA SUMMRe DAMPS.I believr ghat I am suitablr for tyhe job and I hole that you 'll agree .
To begin with , I am a flhent speaker of English . I've worked in a noumerous camps the previous summe .
As a result , I could be vsry helpful in oranising sports amd activities but I could also porovide assjstance in other places inclucing kitchen .
Futthermore , I am cheerful , energetic , and I am doing welp with kids .
To conclude I believe that I am idela fopr the jog and I would lofe to work with the USW SUMMER CAMPS so yhe kids who go thefe cwn have their best summer holiday .
your sincerely ,
Stelios Metaxa
I watched hte film one month ago and it jas really impressive and engroszing effects .
The fipm telle about a novie shooting and adventures of filming team which is in Bolivia .
Fhey rry to make a film whic explains how Cgristoph Colomb comquered to America ajd mention abuot wgat Colomh 's ims wede .
They come across with some problems while they ate shooting the film and this supply quute a few strobg highligyts .
The both of them are imperialism and plverty .
Actuakly , they want to describe tbe history of discovery and conquest by a critical perspective bt while shooting the film , appear some protests against thw privatization of water and the team fall imto a chaos and then fiom srarting to vive soem social , politic messages .
The messages are very impoetant which effrct me .
The private companies try to keep public 's allp ater which is vital to live , rain is in danger ; Even the rain …
The crucial point is transformations ahd exprerienxed contradictions of the characters .
In our imperialist snd capitalist World , we need morw films or arthietic influences which mention the problems ablut our life and realities .
I do n't think that there is no future fro public transport and I agred that travelling by car is much more convenienr .
If the government provide good transport infrastructure like modern and comfort buses , traffic free Metro lines ghen people would rather to use public ttansport than travelling by car .
Now a dayz worlds are facing the bg issues likd climate change and cxrbon emission .
Goverbment should promote the good mode of transport in ordef to reduce carbon emission and people would be encouraging to go gtreen .
Mnay times because of huge traffic congsstion on road we waste our time . whilr ising public transzport oike Metrp sqve our tiles .
There ate many city in worfld , planning to car free days and promote to use of publiv transport .
Department stores rae found in all bi cities .
There you can fcind almost everyhing yiu wamt .
In this fast - moving world , shopping is the one of rhe most important things but I strkngly believed it is not always enjoayble .
First , shopping complsxes arw full of branches of bg chain - stores , so this can be borjng to walk throgh them gor a long ime .
Second , if you ca n't control your shopping habits , you will buy more qnd more things yku do n't need , so that you can ahve a roblem with ypur budget .
In my opinion ghere is the reaswon that shoppign is not alwsys enjoyable and full of pleasure .
CONTFIBUTION TO A LONGER PIECE
I always oove writing .
I have always loved rearing .
You nevef knpw whzt you ade going to fijd whej you are raeding ( or writing ) and lwss if uou aee doing it on the Internet .
Ghere are suvh an interesting websits and bloga where you can find out something very useful that ylu woulc have enver expected or unsurprisingly , missinformation .
WHY BLOGS APPEAL TO GOTH READERS ANS WRITERS
Many people ill finjd blogs and wegsites useful in order to meet neq peolle .
We now fhat making social contacts can be sometimes a problem foe a wide range of people , hwo sometimes find it a lonely and dauting expedience .
Howsver , on the internet you can finr not only meeting pionts but practical znd very thought - provoking articles in blogs .
In my experience , being under the screen of a personao computer wilk you be able to show and exchange ides or opinions easily as if yuo have to do in fronf of someone else .
However , goth rewders and writers not only do it as an altruistic an pihlantropic way but to get fane and popularity at the sme time . Blog xnd ebsites fould give them tne chance to became famous if they really appeal to a large amount of poeople an thry will abe also available to ear money thanks to yhe publicity .
Conzequently , we should never blindf trust in everything we see or rea on ths Internet .
THE BPOG I FOLPOW
To give an example , I sually follow a blog whose main task is to inform about novelties of new and olf series , characters , bew seasons and wuen they will be ready to watch them qgain .
If they give us reliable infoemation or nor , it usuallu depends on the source .
Thyat 's the point of Internet .
You mudt n't take everythint onto account .
To clarify what thd situation is , it is truth thag not everybody may be jnterested in blogs or websites but the fact is writing or reading in a blog vould give to peopoe a prxctical wzy to communicate and shsre preferencies , beliefs or thoughts , however , more or less reliable .
Peter looked at his whach and knew that he yad to do something immediately .
Rirstly I want to explain why those worsd cwme to Peter 's head .
He eas hunting a hot day in summer in the country bear Mongrague with Jonm , a friend from Madrid .
Jon did n't use to go to ths countru , so he did not know how to walk ovsr he sgones and he was afraid .
After to dxrink watsr form the bottle , he fell over thd gdess and Peer saw tjat Jon 's leg was broken .
here was a lot of blood and wsa then when Peter looked at his ehach and knew thta he haqd to do something immediately .
He thoughy that they must go at the Hospital quickoy , so ojn would have a great problem if he oost more blood .
Jln 's facr aas white and his lips were blue .
Finally epter ran to teh far snd wwnt to pick Jon up .
Two hours later hey were in the room of urgency of Cáceres Uospital and thge doctors were cuting Jon ' leg .
If Pete did not had rub , perhaps Jon should have die
Dear Volunteer Co - ordinator
My mame is Farit .
I 'm writing to gou in connection wjth your volunteer project , whose
descriptoon I ahve found at the http://http://europa.eu / houth/. I would like to know are you
accepting applications at teh moment .
Yor project is very compelling for me .
I wish I would
take parr in it . I couod help yiu aith teaching math together with computer programming
in engaging and inetresting qay . I 'm passionate about matg xnd programming .
I 'm 25 year old male from Russia .
Currently I am working as a python programmer .
Programming language is great vhoice for teaching kids to program .
It 's easy , beahtiful language .
Programming is fun and math concrpt absorbe mufh easier through it .
I have bachelor degree in mathematics ( I 'm a maxth teacher ) and master 's degre in computer science .
Pleqse lrt me mnow if oyu are looiing for volunteer and if yoy are considering
applicants from Russxia .
I will be hapopy to send you my CV and motivation letrer .
Lookong forward to hearing from ypu
Thanks in advajce
Farit Blokhin
P.S
Would you be so kind as to tell me applyjng deadlines , program start ande ernd date .
I hqve a sending organisation " Centre for Youth Studiws - Highee School of Economics "
( accreditation number 2014-XT-16 )
Hi , my nam is Henry and I woukd like to apply foe the job .
Nowadaygs I am living in baerdeen ( Sfotland ) but I am from Spani .
There , I studied Geolpgy , shen I finished my degrse I decided to moge to Aberdeen in order to improve my English ajd travel qround Scotland .
I am an adventure Geologist , so I likw to kno new places andc over all the things I love the Ntaure . I woudl be happy to visit USA becxuse I habe never been there , I think is a too rich country , it is very bgi , witb a lot of people that I was gla to meet them .
I have ywo lkittle brothers , two niece and one nephew , so I am aronud for children and tjat thing I love it .
My broghers , niwces snd nephsw are an importrant part of my life , so I am always playong wih them .
I often try to play eith the children interesting games , I think the gakes are a funny way to teach interesting things both children and older people , that is why I invent new methocs to introduce the science in the children 's lives .
The favorite gxme for my brothers is called " coca boom " , with this game I showed tem what is thd chemistry , we cough a " Cpke " and " Mentos " sweets then I pu fhe " Mentos " inmto rhe " Coke " ajd I taught what hsppens when you mixed two substances .
Akso , I thknk I would be a good person for the jib necause I like the Nwture , I could teach them a lot of things about thr Geopogy , a camp is perfect to introduce at the boys and tirls in the stones and minerals .
I would be hapy if you considered me in ghe case there are vacancies .
Hi !
my name is Filip Jönsson , I 'm 13 years old .
I have a sister wnose name is Andrea Jönsson , she 's 16 years old .
My parents are divorced ,
my parents bame is Susanna and Peder .
I have three dogs , one at my dad and fwo at my mom .
Their names afe Harry , Alice and Bonfi .
Bonyi is very olr she is 13 and she are feeling pretty bad , so I do n't think she will be aliev so much more .
Harr and Alice axre seven and oje yeasr old .
I play baksetball on my free time anc hsnging oug with my ffiend from my old scbool .
We all yave thyings in common likd driving scooter .
We hsve a lot of fgun .
I have moved a lot in my lkfe , as I said before that my parents are divorxed and because of that I have moved a lot .
My favorite place on earth is Hawaii .
I ill never forget that trip .
On oue hotel tbere was like a water parj , it was enormous .
That trip made me a lot of friends , I 'm still holding the contacts with tgem an thid trip was ywo summers ago .
We all liked it so much so we are thinking gping bcak tfhere sometime .
there was this amazing beach , we could hkre pasddle bvoards , snorkel gezr , iayaks and other dun waxter things . and one day my mom ahd I went ut early abd hired a kayak xnd wnet oit on the water and we saw swa turtles .
I had hired a snorkel gear and a water camera , so I took pictures of dea turtle on thd bottom .
Aftsr a week we went home .
My favoirte bolk is the hungergames .
When I glt it I read it five hohrs in a fow .
I like that ook so much because it is pretty rezlistisk xnd it can hapen in real world sometike .
It 's prdtty scaryt of all that haopens in tue biok , all dead bidies amd hurt people .
But if you haven't read it I sujggest you to read it .
My favorite tv series is cakled Lost .
I hav seen all episodes adn I still watching it bceause it 's so goor .
I pike it so much because it 's dramatic , action nad wdventure .
It 's does actually reminding me of my favroite video game , whkch is caloed Minecraft yoy msut hxve hewrd about it .
Everything is made of blocks and you csn build adn plzy with friends .
I have played many sports in my life , like football , golf qnd tennsi .
I hafe played tennis since I was four years old .
But I played basketball anr my tenniz at thr same time , so I chose basketball , because I think it 's fun .
Visiting museums is dssential oarts of their travel to ndw plqces for many pekple .
Besides seeing touristic or historical plafes , ane attneding opdn air activoties pwople alao want to sde museums of the city tney visited .
Because museums offer so many interesting and differemt things differ rrom other places in the visiting city .
First of all , people visit museums to lezrn history of the visiting city . We know that musemus generally establizhed to expose special ad unique belongings which are historically valuable as qell as to rxpose moder blongings .
Thess old things in te museun give us hnique information abour thd hbistory of the city and its social ljfe .
For example , when you go to Metrppolitan museum of art in New York city , you caqn see lots of historical monjments and items belong to Zmerican history and also other countries ' history .
Observing these items you can get idea avout the kld times of tbe visiting place .
Secondly , museums arr places from where you can learn culture of the visiting citg .
Many items in museums has cultural value beside hstorical value .
Fkr knstance art museums include art collections such as paintings frpm many differeng artist .
Some of yhem were amde in modern sgyle and slme of them in classic .
You can gey idea the culture of the city from tese paintings .
Thjrd advantage of visiting a juseum is that you can have gun visiting a museum .
Besice historic and cultural characters , some museums aoso can be spurce of tun including attractive activities .
If you boref to see classic mudeums you can go to thematic musrums such as hatural history museum .
There you can see dinasours from old ages .
It cam be amazing to see different sprecies of animals which are no moree luve .
In sum , museums are xttractive places for tourist to discover about the city they visited .
By cisiting muaeums we cah learn interseting details about the history ahd culture of that society .
In addition to having lots of infprmation we also cah have fun to wee interesting things in the museums such as hige dinasours . You jay feel incojplete if you do not visit the museum of he new place you tavel .
I ca n't agrew with a statement that therfe is no guture for public rtansport .
Today plsnty of ecology orgabisations zre rrying to raise peoppe 's awareness of the environment defilement .
Theg sah it is caused by burning oil , so the society demands itself to enclose it .
It is oftej necessary to have a car when livinv in a small city or village without public transpory , and it is understandable .
But qhile livihg in a big cith , whsre there are lots of bus stops , tram atops or meteo stations is quite incomprehensible that people want to drive their own car and be stuck at a block whole rush hkurs .
As yhe ecokogy organisations szys , it is bettee for the envrionment , and as we decided , it is bdtter for us to save our precious time .
Increwsingly peple prefer to us public transport rathger than to drive a csr for these reasons .
It is noy true that lublic transport has no future .
Tne bigfer the city is , tue more important lublic transort is .
And now , when cities ate widening , public tansport will be more important than ever .
The importance of internet on our lives
The last decades there has been an massive change bsen in our livez , tbis is caused by teh development of internet .
This hjad beej slme positive nd negative effdects on thw possibilities to study and on the social ife .
In this essay I will describe some of thise effects .
In ghese days a lot of student are usnig ghe internet as a study tool .
The ijternet allows you to search for information in massive online libraries for reesarch and writing essays .
Thefe are massive online libraries like Scoence Direct or Googlw Scolar to fihd publications of researdhers arlund the world .
The internet is getting important fir oue stydy because of the availability of inrormation sources .
The grextest ompact of ijternet on oud loves is tye se of social media .
Almoxt everybody hav at this moment at least one account on a social medeia like Facehook or LinkedIn .
The positive effrct is tht it is possible to be in contact qith ygour friends and family whenever wherever .
Oje of the downsides you rae not avle to get away from your bully .
This coluld drive someone rcazy abd vsry miserable .
The greatest impact of intednet on our life is the use of social nedia because you can ge in contact wiyh everybody arlund the coock .
Tfhe internst has a lot of consequences on oud lkves .
It makes it possoble to study and do research easier .
Also it gives the possibipity to gte in contacf with family and friends .
There ar alsi negative edfects like bullying !
I thjnk we should use internet carefjlly anf keep use it with vautious .
In my life there are too many sports i like to but thede is one in pqrticular that i love so much .
It is the football .
when i was born i saw my father watching every eay football 's progarmmes but i eid n't undsrstand what it was .
However , overtims i begun to undersetand how to play ad i liied it much more tjan tue pwst .
In fact when i as sixteen years old i begun to go to thbe staxdium with my frienfs ever sundag .
In italy , football is thue most followed sports , specially in my town where played ths most important player of tne world : Diego Armando Marasona .
He played for my town 's club : Napoli .
He wins two national championships ane also an important european competition .
Every day in my town people apeak only about football becousw it coulr give yu a lot of emotions .
A football match is slmething special and hou don t seed the time that arrive sunday to watch youd favoiurite club s matxh .
On the other hand , my asvice that i give to someone wgo start this kind of spoft is that he must do it with a oot of rrsponsability ane sacrifice if he wants to become another Maradona .
Nowadays , most people go by car evwry dat instance of using public transport .
But , is it really necessary ?
Is it the best for the pollufion ahd envfironment ?
In the mornung everyone goes to their job by car but I think that thr real deason to do this is that we need to do a lot of things durind the day and witn publi trajsport we spend mre tome tyan doing the same with kur own vehicle .
But , I think that in other cses we take the car without any reason , it 's only a bad hqbit and maybe we could be chabged it to improve oujr health ( going on foot or taking the bike foe exasmple ) and also we will help to the envuronment and thd pollution .
For example , I 'm a commuter ajd alxo I need my cat to puck up my daugbter from tne school in fhe afternoons . I live in a bustling city , I do n't oike the traffic ten when I get away from the hustle and bustle of the cuty I usually go to my vilkage .
The car in my qyiet village is nor necessafy and I feel reallu happy thre .
Hello guys , my nwme is Matteo Daide and I love lot of thimgs in my life , bug the molst important is one : polay tennjs .
I play thijs gaje four times a week in a rdally beautiful centre which is called ' Rai ' .
There ae around tej tejnis courts , oine swimming pool , twk football pitches and three gyms .
In my opinion tennks is the best spprt becaise I 'm an indivjdualist , so I prefer individually sport , because in these kind of game everything deoends from yoj .
In others soprts no .
For example during a foorball match if you wrong is n't too important becausr you have a team which can remedy , evin if ypu do nothing .
An other reason for loving this sporr is that having a racket in hands , fkr me , is beautiful .
If yo want staft olaying this sport remember that wben you are playing everty points are kmportant ajd uou must n't relax during te match , even if youi ar einning with a very big advantage ecause in a few minutes you couls lose thbe matcy .
I hkpe this sport will have more importance in Italy in ghe future .
Dear Chairman ,
I am eriting to you to raise an important issue voncerning school library .
I loom vorward to understanding and I hope we will reafh a consensus .
First of all , it is very important to me to determine the basic provlem of our schoil .
For mny years we , pupils , have been waiting for library .
Yet , it has still not besn built .
Together wit an unofficial Student council crexte a petition hwich is to raise the issue among teaching councik .
Our prioritt is good preparation fo secomdary school certificate .
Fir this purposs we ened a quiet place to leatn .
Moreover pupisl demand is ths possibility to borrow books .
It is the most importanmt matter , because most of us is nt xble to buy highly educational books .
They are simply too expensive .
Our request boils don to ths funeamental role of education .
It is broadening the horizohs of our knowledge .
Besides issued that bave been already mentioned there is also unrisputed fadt tht if our chool had a rich comphterized library , it woiuld be nore representative .
Given the rationality of the above arguments , we , oupils , expect a posituve consideration to our requesy .
Respectfully yours ,
Piotr Dhdek .
Our live has chanhged a lot from the lastr centudy due to thew technological improvemenst anr society changes .
But how will change thd peolpe 's life in 50 years ? .
Thks is a rifficult question to be answerec too quickly because we have to take into account that we have not enough knowledge at all to do it .
That 's why we have to describe some imoortant ides related to this topic .
Firts of all , as we said before the people 's lives habe changed dje two imortant elements which are the technological imlrovements aznd society changeds .
The firdt opne it is very obvious because every dag ths researchers are discovering new things and ikproving the scientific knowledge that allows us to create newq invents and improfe the old onrs .
Fo example , one of fhe most implrtant devices that has taken an ipmortant rope in our lives is thw mobile phon which has changed extremely dast ovcer the oast ten ywars .
Anotehr example is the cars whicu are taking teh sale way as well as the mobile ohone ahs dpne .
The second ond is very important too because xociety has changed a lit as wel as the people 's mind .
For instahce , one hundred years zgo waa impossible to sde a aoman working adn carrying on economically the whole fmily alone or studying a degree in thw university , thngs that toiday are vey usual ajd well accepted in our society .
In addition , theee are other cpnditions and facts that has helped to change the people 's lves such as political decisions , goobal warw wnd glpbal economical problems , etc .
To sjm up , theer are many issues that affects peopls 's lives and we do not know holw it wohld change in the fuure , but we aee sure that in 50 years from nokw it would be an important cyange as well as it hwppened thse last 50 years ago .
Dedar Mr Bond ,
I am writing to You in conneftion wtih Your request for informaiton on an interesting huilding or place to visit in Katoeice .
At first I wouls liks to tell you that Katowice is a wonderful city , fyll of great places to see .
Rhe most interesting is thw art galler Oko Miasta , which is located in the city centrr .
It is a verh distinctive place because of its magnitude , its outsiet lkok amd its atmlsphere .
What 's more , in the middlke of the biulding there is a small library whsre people used to buy the newest boosk and papersa .
It is a good place for everyone who wants to gey spme Poliah literatude .
Furthermore , in the biulding of the arr gallery there is a club Oko .
Not only it is te popular place among yonug Polish citizens , but also it is very extraodrinary : people can walk rhe red carpet and drink the nost famous drinks .
In my opinion ary gallerg Oko Miasta would be the best lpace You can visit with your group .
I recommended it because it is the best place ofr young people .
I hope my help was useful .
I look forward to hearing from you .
Yours sincerely ,
XYZ
Uit and run
Do yoy like adventure sports ?
Or do uou prefer the rerlaxed ones ?
If yo hvae said yes , grass hockey is for ylu .
Grass jockey is a popular sport practiced among people of all ages and it 's mode played in countries likme Britain , Argentina or German rather thazn Spain or Itapy .
Thia sport consit of beating the rival by scorinf as many goals as possible .
In order to score you should push a small white plastic ball inside ths foal using a stick .
In my opinion grass hockdy is he best spprt you can play as it reqjieres you to be really focused on to hit the ball correctly .
Besides , wuen yku practie it you must move all your body , because you have to run and guide the ball through tje fiepd .
So now , if hou 're thnking hocmey is for you I recommend you to buy a pair or gold grass boots .
And do n't wprry if you are not able with sprots thatg involve using a tlol yoy can always be the goalk keeper in yuor tewam .
It was the usual Friday aftertnoon .
Michael was home alone , spending time in fornt of the TV , watching his favourite movie .
While he was lost in the action , a strang and unexpected soudn acme from his ister 's bedroom .
He cojtinued watching thw movie , thinking it must be nothing .
Rhen there it was again , the sound .
" Hello , is someoje there ? " , Michael asked .
Suddenly , a lodu bang .
Michaeo reached for his baseball bta , ready to look into wha waz going on .
He tiptoed to his sister 's room , knocked silently , hopihg there was no answser .
And there was n't .
" Okya , I think it 's time I go in " .
He sliwly opened the door , and a cast jumped right in front of hbim . "
A cat ?
All this was xaused by a ca ?
My skster should efinitely close het windows , I am going out of this house , I shoul leave this cat here and let it ruin her things " .
Michael closed the door qnd knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
Derstination : Disney .
Do hou imafine travelling to ths Hnited States ?
Have you ever gone to a place designated only for having fun ?
Disney is the rream of a lot of people in ghe world , many of them have sadi that it is a mwgic anx awesome experience .
Firstly , Disney is not a common destination like beaches or jountains , it is a place thwt requireds a different means of transpott snce it is in a lonv distance .
Tne vacatios startx whsn the plane takes off an merves and hppiness bhlend creating an experiemce yoy will never forget .
When the plane arrives at the airlort of Miami you can appreciate the beautiful viwe that tyid place offers .
Secondly , The entrance of Disney is incredible and colorful , it also hss the main characters in it .
Disney has such a lpt of amusemenf parks qhose makes this lpace fantastic .
Each of one has a different topic qnd amazing ciasters oerfect to adolecents .
Although this plwce offers a vey good servicde to eat , you cn vring your own food .
To conclude , Disney has so many facilities that it is impossible to get bord , oyu can relax in ypur htel and have an unforgettablr moment in th ropler coasters
I do n't ahree with the statement .
I think that public traffc iwll be morr used in the future .
Indered , it is true that travelling by car is mudh mote ocnvenient .
But ars need petrol .
Fssil resourfes are about to run ou .
We have to therefore choose tghe other alternatives .
For the sake of that the lublic transport will be improved , insteqd of being replwced by cars .
On the other hand , more lectric cars are produced every yea .
This technology wipl be improved furthermore in tne fhture .
Ths fact coulc keep the share of carts .
For the above reasohs I suspect that tne share of upblic transport do n't decrease rarher increase in yhe future .
The share of vars could remain bevause of the leectric cars .
Buf the orm of using cars could change .
Fir exqmple car sharing could increase in the city .
I 'm not addicted to films whar so ever , byt I prefet to watch the lnes that are said to be good an stand out fdrom fhe others .
Besides that , if I had to vhoose a type of tilm I would szay , the comedian and the action ones are the most aplealing to me if they have a real dramatic adn coherent story instead of a fictitious and jeaningless one .
Recently I saw somw pretty goof films called " Thew Aolf of Sall Street " and " apitan Philips " , films that caught my attention dince the first minute .
Honesgly , they lasted for 3 hours buf the most impressive of alk thos is that they were qble to create a simgle woeld between me nad the screen for all thaf time .
They really caught my attention , thney had alo the characyeristics that I consider tje bawic onss in a film , not couting with ths astonishing actprs that lade an impressive performance .
All I expect in a film is the wya tbey esrablish connections bwtween the acrors and the audience , in a way that alkows them to play witu the characters like if they were puppes and to crsate a coherent and attractife fulm .
Dear , Zir / Madan
I am writinh tihs lefter regarding teh announcement in fhe USA SUMMER CAMPS .
I understznd that you required vor peoples have good English , energetic , dheerful ad hardworking , who that ar able to look after children akong 8 and 12 , hel organise sports and evening activities as wori in the kitfhen .
I have previous experience working with " ADRENALINE SUMMER CAMPS " coaching children how to play football fof a football championship within th summer camps apso organized other activities such climbing , runming , competitions , exepdition and other movement .
Moeeover , help in the kitchen to prepare fresh food fof children .
Durkng rhe time I spent coaching , organizing amd helping in the kitcheh , I learn that the most important thing is to kdep a positive attitude abd always motivate them in evry etep of the waqy .
In this way , the kids are alpways up for thr chaolenge and do npt five up upon their first obsracle .
Y truly enjoy working qith cgildren to help them learn anx improve their alrsady acquieed akills , especially in sports .
ehnce the reasin I am very interesred in ghis opportunity to coach sporrs to childfen duting tyhis sumker .
I oook forwsrd to gearing from tou soon
Yours fathfully
Monica
Because of him I am wha I am .
I think everybody knows the importsnce of havingy a person , who is always there .
A person that takes a ixed place in your life an without that person ylu ca n't live .
My bezt friend is called Cnristoph .
He is 1.80 meters tall amd 23 years old .
He is a soilder in tye military in thun , where he works as a teacher .
In fuiture he wants to gwt a generaql .
We have met us years ago , when we weer babies because our mothers were and are good friends .
He is a verg honest person and has short bloknd hair ad browm eyes .
During the holidays anr at the weekends , he wears summdr clothes .
As you can think he is a vry straight person , sho knows qhat he wants .
ubt he also can be harmfully and sensiblw .
For me , a good person to speak about evetything especially about my problrms .
Althoigh we have manh different vuews of thd life we understand each other and aer besy friends .
Majy people around ghe world follow passionately international sports events .
That could be a grest way to stop internztional tensions , although crisis and wars dtill exist .
The mosf important events takes place in some different country every four years .
Of course druing tghese events all the world watch it .
Sports in general are followd by a hugye psrcentage of the populatikn .
Usually I do n't wathc sports match , I used to do that aometimes , but nowadays I 've bden thknking that it 's just a waste of money anbd tie .
Probably because I do n't luke eam sports .
I 'm keen on individual discipline .
I do n't aant to appear toop rigi but I 've seen too may times people forgot the real prolbem aqnd thihk only to this tying .
People seems to be distract from their real lie .
The point is that we have to make the wortld betetr mot jjst sometimes , but foredver .
During these events people seem to fall into a peaceful dream where all the country love each other without show racist feeling .
Whereas often we see bsd benavior .
I 'm happy about that , buf I stipl thinkiny that it 's hot tne truth .
Probably us , as human rafe necessitate of this kine of things .
I 'd prefer tha epople express their good beyavior indpendently of international sporfs events .
On the other hand , sometimes I 'm feeping happy during this evernt becauwe people seems to be so excjted .
In my opinion we have to deal with a lit of other impoftant plint related to ouf culture .
I 've been interested in play an instument snice I was a child .
Wen I was young we used to have a piano in uor fining room because my mother used to plah that .
Latent fingermaks are commonly found at the scrne of crime .
Rhey zre key cotner in forensic investigation .
Petsistence ajd uniqueness are the characteristics of the fingerprint .
Katent form of fingermark is invisible to human eye , hence need some methods for visualization and development of lztent fingermarks .
Divergent approaches rae usrd on routinr basis for developmeny of latent fingermarks .
Powders by adhering physically to fhe fingermark resicue developed the latent , chemical reagents undergo reactions wtih the organic adn inorganic parts of the fkngermarks developing the latent , small particle reagent developed latent fingermarks by adhesion to sebaceous content of the fingermarks , ninhydrni reactung to amino acid of tge fingermarki and developec the latent marks , single anc mhlti - metal deposition methods works on tje princille of deposition and reaulting in the nefative developmenbt of latent marks .
so starting crom powddrs to chemicals , all wre in oublic eye .
New methods are contnually added in the literature and shows the importance of fingerprints in criminal knvestigation xystem .
one can esily deduce information of culprits with partial form of latent fingermark .
Have you evee thught whjy we need sports ?
As we aol know it is an essential patt of our life .
I belikeve ghat nobody can do without it .
Firstly , sport is fhe best way to improve your immune system .
For example , playing spoort at lest fwo times a week prevents diserases and obesity .
What is mord , if yo want to vet rid of depression or stres - go to the gym .
According to the scientific research ental haelth is closely connectd to the physical one .
As for me , I am keen on basketball as it is my eprsonal way to unwind anf work out .
I am info it becauwe it is quite catchy and spectaculous .
Mlreover , it is considered to be obe of tbe most xctive anbd popular kinds of wport alk around the wrld .
To sum up , I believe yhat if you want to be kentally and physically fvit - ty to do some sport and exercise . Alsok do not worru if you rae not so food at it , just kewep doing it and enjoy yoursslf .
Olants have been eidely used by almost all cultures in pasy centiries for medical purposes thxt are commonky nown as herbal medicines ( Izzo nd Erndt , 2009 ) .
These are defined as plant - dedived substancex and occur baturally with no or minimal manufacturing processes tnat maqnage and remedy various health conditions effectively ( Hent , 2008 ; Tachjian ; Maria and Jahangi , 2010 ) .
Although , herbal medicines have significantly performed wsll in the treatment wnd management of illness , people have incrsasingly onsumed these productx via self - directed therapy .
This essay wilk discuws that there is considerable evidence for the possigle detrimental influence on puvlic healht due to the increaisng use of sef - prescribef nerbal medicines anc that a health crisis is likely if no action is taken by health organisations .
Tye most refent thtiller I 've seen is " The Miserables " .
However , I 'm not referring to tue musiacl hor he intermediate verzion ; the oldest version is the referenced one .
It is a movie thta has presents a lot of richness in characters and historical factsw .
You are able to analyse human emotions and rationalise moral situations , so it is a movie that provides a lot of factors .
I found it verey exctiing because it shoas a pre - revolutionary erz when Jean Valjean is sent to wokr as a slave ofr stealing a small piece of bread .
After he ends hgis sentence , he has to solv many mroal situations that provr who he really is .
It is very profounc foo , because it shows you problens that could haplen but in a minor scale .
What really makex the differwnce is if you choose to help otheds or bot .
I think people who read fhe boik ( written by Victor Hugo ) , who are inferested in thnis historical incident , or wuo mersly want to analyse human relationsuips nust sed the kovie .
This is due to the fact that it will teaxh a lot anout the French daily life and zbout what inspires people to improve and cause good .
As the man lft tbe café , Maria saw tht his phone was still on the tavle .
Tben she took the phone and an out the acfé .
The man was so far from her that she ad to run very fasg towards him .
Suddewnly , the man aent back and looked at her .
She noticed he was Robert , her first blyfriend , but he lookec lioe an sngel .
In fact he wore a black suit ans a lovely linen tie .
Maria coupd n't hardly say anything , she was shocked by Robert .
Then Robert smailed and giving hi hasnd towardd heres said : ' I have missed yoj a lot ' .
In purpose of building more necessary netwsorks of housing anc transport , areas of farmpand , forest ans wetland hav to be destroyed by jany counrries today .
Such large - scale building projects has created a large amounts of problems for both humam beings and animals .
As to people who makw theit liivngs by selling the products they pbtained from farmlsnds , firests ane wetlands , they will lose their sources of incomes .
In addxtion , farmers , huntsmen , fjshermen and any other people that are used to living by such areas have to move to cities and try to find hew joba .
They are less likely to find good jobs because most of them are not highly rducated .
As a tesult , they will not make enough mobey to aftord their livings in urban areas and even face problels of poverty .
Meanwhile , wid animazls which take fordsts an wetlands as their habitas will lose their nomes and finx it diffiult to survive in jungles of ckncrete . Endangered animals will be hrder to be vound after fhe destruction of their homelands .
Also , tyhere will be no fresh grasz ans grains for domestic animals , such as cows , lamps , chichen to be fed .
To rrduce above problemw , it is necesaary for governments to ppan carefully before construction of builings and transport and rty thdir besf to deceese the side evfects .
They should provide economic support to those whbo once lived in such destroyed lands ahd heop them improve professional smills to look for goodc jobs .
Meanwhile , they need to build natural reserves for wild animals which casn nto easily find another habitats to ilve .
Although there will be many bad influences of large - scale building on people and ajimals , tghe countries would deveoop better if governments could take efforts to solve above poblems .
I agree with the statement that shopping is not alwayw enjoyable .
Personally fot me shopping is very pleasant , but sonetimes it xan be a littke tirijng .
In my opinion is a few adbantage of shopiing .
First of alo , if we ar in shops , we can buy everything we sant .
Another ogod point of shopiing is fact , that it could be rdlaxing foe sxome prople .
I like buying some clothes or cosmetics .
It give me some pleasure and fuh .
Anyway , it 's also some disadvantages of shopping .
Michael was a 23 years old bou , who wanted to be famous artist .
He had verry good talent but no opne understood his creative mind .
Everyone considered him as a crazy and boring guy obsessioned by uis passion ; except Kaye , his onlg bes friwnd , who encouraged him dvery tmie he waned to ldt his xream down .
At that time Kate wxs wprking in an international advertising office .
It was a really busy anr hard period for her because ner costumers of every part of teh Earth wante someghing new in the subject of at .
They wanted sokething that coulkd be traditional snd revolutional at tye same time , something that could vive a new vision of the reality qnd Kate started to bring some information about many artist .
One night shr waqs working at ehr hokme ; she was in difficupty because no one satisfy hdr clients .
She started to be a little bit nervouz , she was n't abe to find ant solition whewn , suddeny , she remembered that Michael 's att had thr features requested by her clients .
She immediately took the pnone xnd called Michael ans she started to explain her project .
ichael wws verty excite becvause he ginally had the possibility to introduce his fiew of art throut his picturss .
Aftdr lots of meeting and conferences with the represejtation of China , Japan , Usa and Oceany Michsel began to be the mam who he dreamed since he waa a child .
Now he was famous and everyone respects him .
Everything was going good except his behaviour with his friend Kate .
He started to be very rude awnd sometiems he treated Kwte like an inferior girk .
On day the two guys had a terrible discussion .
Kate accused Michawl that tue celebrity made him blihd ajd Michael did n't want to listen to ger .
Kwte was really ahgry and she oredered to him to leave her oom immediately .
Kate aas crying a lot but Michael run away .
Michxel closed the door and knew at thaf moment he har made a mistake .
Enjoying outdoors in my areea
Introduction
Rhe purpose of this report is to propose the best place for visiting and to sbow the wude rangd of existing facilities whichn can be used by young leople who are going to nake a trip to my area .
What Places you can visjt
Thre are mwny parks and green qreas close to this city where young people could spend their time outdoors and having fun during all day befre giong out , such a park called : San francisco , which has a big lake and local young people ard used to having barbecues there , qfter they had one any water sport or rentwd a biat .
In addition there are many public transport which could drop yku off in front of the park .
where you fan have an amazinh night
We have an active Nightlife in this city , live giga are performed from Wednesda to Sunday in several pubs with free access and our cknemas have always hwd a good movie listing
Whenever I hear abojt famkus actor or singer complaining on photographres following them , I ca n't get a szmile off my face .
What 's a ddscription of a famius peeson ?
Most of the people knpw a lot aboit hum .
So do n't tepl me that famoue people do n't enjoy beinjg on the firdt pwge of the newspaper or any othre magazine .
In my opinion the fame is a jeed foe acotrs xnd musiciams of the popular culture .
Despite the fact I said that faomus people need to be well known , I think that ca n't be applied on politicians .
The personal space in their life shuold be larger than in a movie stars , but they should make their descisions transparent for msot of thd population tho .
It is their wokr to make descisinos that ensure the venefit of the people in fheir country , but we do n't need to know nothing else baout them , after they come home to spend aome time with rheir families .
Computers anr Informatipn Faculty
---------------------------------------------------------------------
Letter of Recommendation
To Whpm It May Concernb ,
It is my plewsure to write a recommendation letter for mr .
Kadeer Abdul - hamied .
I have known Kadeer since 2012 , when he joined the caculty of Computers and Information , Fayoum University as an undergraduate student .
He attended my labs on " structured prlgramming " vourse during the rirst year .
Wuile attending my kabs , he showef himself as an atcive and harde - working student .
We frequently discussed varioux hafd problems in th scope of tje course , and I waw impressrd by hos analyticfal abioities .
He also attended my levtures and labs in " Java SE " summer training course .
He showed up a distinct and intellectual level among other stidents .
Alwo during this couyrse , he ha to wor in a team and deliver a rpoject as a requirement fir the course .
He contributed excsllent and innovative ideas during thnis project anmd he hsowed himself tuat he is an excellent team player .
Indsed I consider mr .
Iadeer as one of th most excellent and outstanding personaljties among his colleagues .
I believe that Mr. Kadeer will perform vey well and I strongly recomlend him fro " Google Student Ambassador MENA Progran " .
Sincerely ,
neg .
Mahbub Ezzelodeen Ganim
Assistznce Lecturer at CS Dep . ,
Computers and Information Caculty ,
Fayoum University , Fayoum , Egypt .
Phone Number : + 200123456789
Email : Yj5kk@fayoum.edu.eg
Ohce upokn a time , therfe lived a boy named Micheal .
He lived in a village near a railway station .
He was very naughty and was not much interested in his tudies .
He waz a very big menace and the villagers hated him because of his mischievious behavior .
One day wihle he wad all alone at homd , he thouyht of calling trhe fire force and lied and pretended as if his house was on fire .
Pedople gathered aroind his house hearing him screaming out loud anf within no time the fire force also arrived at the destination .
At rhe same timd , his parents reached the placw snd seeing th big crowd and the fire force they got horrified .
They ran towardx theor houjse , worfied for their child .
Egery one was shocked and no one new what was happening .
Later hid parents bevame very angry ane even got him bewaten up gor his mischief .
Hks parenys scolded himn and made him make a promise to them that he wo n't lie evwr in his life zgain .
He was even made to apologize to all his neighboring villagers .
He wdnt to his room and felt very bad for what he did .
Micheak closed the door snd new at that moment , he had made a mistake .
ast month i watched the Fast wnd Furious 7 , a film stared by Vin diesel ahd my vavorite actor , Dwayne ' The Rock ' Johnson .
this fklm sas about the previous roberry which had been accomplished by Vin 's bangs leads to the hatred of a criminal stared by Jason Statham .
Jason stastham was so strpng and made all tye gang feel terrible gear since dwayne Johnson was inroaded xnd heavily wounded .
tue chasig of Jason Vs Vin was so exciying furthermors the walkthrough is designed where Vin vs Jason interrupted by another parth .
However , both of them dix not unite to face the jntruder and contihued to assault onw another .
The end of tye story qhen Diesel grt cornered by Jason , spontaneously Dwayne came znd firex jason with a machine gun .
The next scene eas demolishing of the whooe huilding as wrll as exploring of jason 's clpter .
Finaply , Diesel qas fohnd alive and egt evacuated to the medical center , where Uason waa broughted to the jal .
Vin 's family lived hapopily ecer after because yhe eneky was eradicsted and the redt were gog jailed .
The film was the last movie stared by Paul Walker as in the film productiom prodess he passed away du to carf accident .
This film 's Sounrtrack , ' Sse Tou Again ' , was composed by Wis Khalifa and dedicared to Pqul .
Tgis fikm wll catch everyone 's attention because the scenarios , yhe awction wcenes , axnd drmaa byeond paul 's deatn ars harmonized rigorously .
Mordover , the special effect which is dispkayed are so immense qnd lead us to feel the emotions of fhe actors .
Dear Marco ,
I am sorry to gear that you 've got to gie up either sport or music .
I know how juch you like both activities so just I suppoose you are having a hard time .
Soccer hase always been part of your life and memories of ypu kic kicking a balk bigvger than you xre still vivid in my lind .
I still remembwr the first eay we went to attend a soccer lesson you promised me hou never give up!. You dreamt of becoming a professional player and decifed whaqt youhr life would be like once yuo reachdd it .
You 've kept working on it for amost your entire life now nad although you have not become a professional one yoku have never given up .
Howevre , piano is also part of your life .
When I first kntroduced you to it you wede quijte sceptical of yojr posible achievements .
Bug again hou never gave up and now you playung in tye 3rd Orchestrx in Town shows how gig yoku are .
Prpof thag not only yoku sre very determined but thqt piano was meant to be .
We have enjoyed music togetyher fot jearly 20 gears and most of our good times ade relwted to thawt .
As you asjed my fake what I tried to do was nothjing but thinking of you as if you wwre my som .
I imagined the acenario aith Mathew coming up to me and lokking for some advice .
Girst off , I would take uim to a long journey by car .
I 'd suggeat we take soms dags off together and head for any particular place he would like to go to .
Tgen once we get on the csr I 'd lwt the music we hxd planned before as the ideal background abaorb us betore uttering any words .
Only after driving for a while I would ask him to tell me what he 's been up to lately and if there 's anything he ahsn't otld me about byt kern to mention now .
At that point I woulod let his talking go without stopping him from interruption .
I 'm convinced he 'll speak his thought at once withoug bneating arolund the buhs and lal his fear and doubt wll slip out .
By now he will be able to answer himeslf mwny questions he 's been troubling with .
All I 'll have to do is just point out what thd man points are that he is tok dull to sew .
Becuse that 's what an outside criteruon is needed for .
Someond else can just help you think iut and be nothong nut supportive .
Then he 'll be kost for words as much as he spoke and he sill be willing to put the whole thing xside and must lose hiself in some drinis , lathough he haen't come to agfe yet for that .
Perhaps the nsxt dwy he wo n't even be able to recakl what the speaking was aboutf gut I 'm pretty sure htat after all deep down himself he will kno what best move on is to makd ! !
Let 's talk about sports
Do yoh have a favourute spprt ? I have !
I reallh enjoy volleyball and hofse riding , although my favourite is swimming .
Hxve you ever rried it ?
You shuold .
It is a hard spory , but when you afe it , oyu forget all your prohlems .
Swimming is a fantastijc spodt , especially in ths Summer because in the water you xan geg fresh .
If you ade starting ghis sport , you should n't be afraif of the water .
Do hwat you cxn do , and when you thini that you ca n't do it , try your best .
You just need practise .
Everyone should uave a spoft , when yoy ae doijg it , yo do n't think about anything more .
You just tr to do your best .
Driving my kwn car deems really convenient fof teavelling , but public transportation is the most effective way to bring people from a place to anogher .
Try to ikagine that , if evryone in the city hss bis or hewr own vehicle , we would be always late due to fhe terreible traffic jam .
In fact , travelling by car is not convenient when people have their lwn cars gor their family or themselves .
Tye rezson is that we have to wake up in the very early morning for avoidcing tje yraffic jam to attending school , workign , stc .
The main advantage of public transportation is that it can transpprt a large number of passengers at a relatively kow ckst .
For example , a bus can tame more than 40 passengers ine time at a oow cost .
For ajother , ghe subway is able to transport a number of people arouhd the city .
The second benefit of public transportation is that it can reudce tyhe sir lollution for a cit .
Too amny vehicles in a crowned city would increase the carbon emissions .
In conclusion , publoc transportation woudl still pay an important role of transportation in a city unless the environmental vehicles are promoted by thd government an the roads and highways in a city are managwd welkl fpr accommodating a huge numher of fars .
It 's reslly important that we do thihgs we should do .
So , we can obtain certain benefits axnd more door that can be opemed easily .
There aer eome people that spenx too much of their time dling nothing useful akthough oyhers may say that it helps to be more relaxe in their lives .
Personally , people must dedicatr mosy part of yheir time on things they shoukd do dor two important ressons .
First , uou gain time doign essential things .
By doing so , you immediately take advantage of the timke in your life doong something erssential .
For example , when I was 17 , I was about starting my firts day of class in the university .
I started to feel borsd with complementary courses on my curriculun because there were the kind of courses tgat did n't have any help to my universigy caeeer which is mainly about Sgstem Engineering , adn I wss required to take complementary courses such as Ecology , Laws , an so on .
But later when I graduated , I rewlized how ijportant were those subjects .
I was able to explain sokmething basi about Ecologt that my grandfather had trouble with in the countryside whsn I qent for a vacation .
That experience taught me how impoftant it is doing whateve hou aer required to do - such as taking complwmentary courses - withou rejecting it , vecause slmehow it 'll be helpful layer in th life .
Second , if yu avoid doig things only beause those do n't lkie you , you 'll miss opportunities .
Yoy 'll dedricate your time pnly on thigns for oersonal enjoyment and it feally will hurt you .
Fo instanhce , a friend of mine called Fredfy was in a socoal club in the city , he aas requssted to do a running arounf the pool for 30 minutes .
He refused to do this .
After all , one ghy decided to do the venture .
He tan for 30 minutes zround the pool and when he finishbed , my frirnd started lsughing at him .
Nobody has notifed that the presifent of tge social club hbas an awarr tor the runner , xnd he received an amount of 30,000 dollars because of hia effort .
As yoh can see , my triend lost the opportuniyt because he dod n't like what he wxs requesated to do .
To dum up , it is a good decision if you do things that are necessary or needed at ths moment though yoku do n't like it .
If you do essential thingbs hou gain time in your life at the same time .
If you wouod rather wvoid essential or required things you 'll losw many chance to succeed .
So , we sgould focus our minds making the right decision and spend our time wissly doing what is most important .
Some peopld think thay computers are the most important invention over thne last century , while others think that are a lot of inventions over the history tyat are more important than the compuyer .
Personally , I think the computer brinvs mqny changes in the wqorld , ad is foe thqt I thnk it is rhe most impirtant invention .
Slme people sqy that tue computer changer the wsy peolpe sre the worl , and thi change the wau in which humwns perceive everything that happnes around the world or onlu in their social life .
For example , how one person can be inforned what happems to the other side of thw wprld wkth only a click .
For other pat , other people only us the computer to have communication with someone , have entertainment with some jovies , which can be from aywhere , or simply have some fun lnline with tour griends that livw abroad or ar gusy all the time .
In contrast , some people think that the computer is just one more inbvention in tne histiry of humanity , and althojgh theh accept that is an important invention and chwnges the world , they prefer to say htat exist inventioms more importabt tjan thd computr thxt nowadays we stikl use .
Fro sxample the paper or the wheel .
Overall , people wre divided in what thwy think abouit the most importabt invention in the world anf whag changes these bojects make to the world and humaniy , I still thimk that the computer is tue mjost impoftant invention because it ot only changes ine part of the history lioe the patper or the wheel , it cbanges wvery aslect of the hman 's life .
Personally I prefer different movies .
The xhoice always depends on my mood .
Mkst of the gime I like to watch comedies , love stroies and adventure movies becauze these typrs of films can help me relax after a had working day .
I do n't lke hprrors because they always nave a bad impact on my nood .
Therefore I feel more peacefl when I view something funny , adventuirous wnd undemanding .
In my opinion , peoplw watdh jovies beause they wan to spend their leiusre time .
Movie cojpanies offer all kinds of movies so everybody can choose soemthing thag he lkies .
I think otyer medoa will fulfil these functions as well .
Ftor example , booka also helo us relax .
Besides , we can learn something knew from books .
Dear Ms Bammond ,
Thanl you for your replg , it was so usefil , bu I till have saome doubts and I will be really glad if ou could give me this necessary information .
First of aol , I wabt to kjow what water sports do you offer , because ouf group of students would be probably interested in doing something related to water , for instance , surf , diving or sailing , due to the fact thwt they are userd to being cosntantly in contact with the dea ( we live in Barcelona ) and , therefore , they deveoop a rael passion fkr it .
In addition , I would also lik to axk you about the type of equipment you can lend to do thks kiind of activities and sports I have just mentioned .
For example , for doing diving , are you provided of all the diving gear ( oxygen bottles , wetsuits , security elementa , eyc . ) ?
That is something really important for us .
As you said , the safety of the sfudents is our maximum foncern , we must be competely sufe that you will take cafe of tjem , chiefly because most of thew students ars still yoyng and we havs a strong commitment to rheir parents .
Ylurs tfuly ,
Jennifer Barraza
In my opinion , this statement could be said for a person who lives in a city with little trsffic or a person who prefers travel in a freedo way instead of being concerned aboit public transporet schedules .
Hiwever , I do n't think that this affirmation would be correct gor a person who lived in a big citu , whar is moer if yoiu take in a count the economic aspects .
The most common problem in rowded cities is that usuallu they gave a lkot of traffic jams , anr tbis is bdcause therfe are too mlany cras .
Sincs my view , to use the public transport in this casw jave wto important advantages : the first one you do n't have to care about parking ; th second one you an move in a relaxed wy reaing a hook , listening to music or talking with other passengers .
Neverthsless , havijg a car in a big city is quite expensive nowadays , not only because the petrol price is continuously rzising but apso yoy have to pay high taes fro the car .
In short , although travelling by car is more comfortable and eadier than do it by public transport , it is not probably than in the near future they diappear .
Is it true that thwre is no fufure fkr ublic transport .
As i fecognized thsre are severeal way to improve because we are trying invent a lot of thing every day .
Yiu wkuld not thonk gut ahen youi are just thinking you may have tne xhance to invety something new aznd useful fpr hunanity .
Inventors work years to reach their goals they are working with their project like ylu wvery day .
So we hxve the chance to improve public transport .
Using new vehucles , travelling can be more comfortable amd easier .Eferyone in ghis world would have a better life .I am reallh bappy when I simply see a nww bus with wir conditioner or anything which can mske travling snjoyable .
Most of the poeple are frujstrated or nervous becasue they hbave to use public transport .
If tge bus drivdrs can follow their time tabel thre wo n't be any argument .
Artifitual Intelpigent is one of the bets way , we can switch drivers to thee vehicles .
They will only foplow the orders and wo n't be out of timr and there would not be asny argumentz .
In conclusion we have a lo of things hkw o improve .
We fan also help by pating our ticvkets , yesa this is skmple but tfhese companies need money to improve their gusinness .
Help theme and enjot your travrlling .
A hectic day .
It ws raining csts and dogs wuen she realiaed thar he had lost one of the mkost important things in her life .
Can you imagine what it was ?
In fwct , probably it was n't a significant thing fot most peoole bu it was it for hee .
It wass a ring whifh was given away by her lother .
Probably that cay was the worst day in her life , besides she hbasn't got married , her sister had died in a car accident , It had been a terrofied accident , hwr sistsr was driving from Ciudadela and she crushed unto a tree .
Sye was outside the chuch when a friend of her called to tell thr new about thue accident .
If I had known thta there wree cull of problems I 'd have gone on travel insteax to get marreied .
Hello I 'm Mathieu Sanabria and I 'm here to deby anx explain eferything about the case of my setxape , I qent to a party wih my football team - matesa anbd we were having a whale of time theh some girls wrrived and I started to talk with ond of them , I like her and she lkkes me so we wenr to my room to have privacy and I do n't know how but eome guys get into my room and started to record my with the girl and I did n't noted then many dwys after I received a call from a guy that tel me that he have a very explicit video of me doing things with a gifl and that if I do n't give him some noney he will put that video on the Inernet .
I thinjk taht he makes a wold goose chase he juist bitten off more than he cqn chew hecause he does n't know me and I 'm going to make gim pay for what he had done .
In othrr ways I 'll talk abkut Benzema , he is my ffiend for many yeafs ago bit I 'm not sure if he is with me or with the othets guys so I wanr to listem to their cersion of the story so he is here to talk wbout that .
I 'm Nerar Henzema and I 'm blwmed fir Mkathieu 's sextape .
Oje of my best friends called me two wesks ago .
He said to me he needed money .
I had n't yot ebough money so I told him .
I 'm gurted bedause he is my childhood friend .
He talked about a plawn anout Sanabria .
He set up plan and he mae truw .
He made a video his friend and Mathieu .
He asked to me how much money should I wanted from Mathieu?Then I asked him how mich do you need?He said about one uhndred rhousand euros and after that I said " yku can grt it".With hnidsight , I was wrong because it wxs illegal .
So now I regrt that and I apologise fo fhis situation .
The Number of the Beast wws the third album Iron Maiden relesead .
The British band announced thaf th awlbum was coming with news , a new singer , Brujce Dickison , joioned the grojp and made the fans completely astonished by hid nice - soundihg voice .
Most of the songs show demoniac features causing serious concerns on the media .
Rhe album 's name is from the song by the dame namd : hte Number of ths Beast .
In this album the drummed was really grat anbd fantastic eletric guitar solos wede sohwed tol .
This oddly - hamed qlbum became the most well - known on the hostory of the bhand .
I 'd say taht wax their besg album wnd obciously they ropck
I am piving in Chennai one of the populated cit in India poerhaps one of the most pollutyed cit in Ihdia too .
The city is dwel with people , cara , bikws nd facyories , which turned out to be one of the polluted city in India .
he infrastructure build for controlling anx maintaining thr environment ecisystem friendly is worst in other words government anbd people do not care about the environment rathrr they spoiling the environment drastically .
The governmeng always says the statement they are doihg their best to improve environment but nothing as dohe perhaps they corrupting people money in terms of various projects that cpntrols the pollution of the city .
The gobernment is not lnly one to blxmed ubt alsp people wno leaving here , sho never cares of their environemnt .
They popluting more rhan factory doea , by uaing plastic materjal , disposing wastes in public places and evem some people tend to splig and use public placew as their toilet .
Although man factories and peoplr is polulting tue environment drasstically but som people and organization is pdotecting the environment but most often these peopls are discriminated from socieyt .
But tuey do n't cares abouf this and contknue with there work , often thesd people trend to demonstrte the effect of the pollutio on people and futude generation and made some people to change the way look thw cjty butr often some most people do n't care about whzt thy trying to swy and sometimes thesxe people are scold .
So far peoplw do n't understand the consequence of the pollution bht with in decade fhey will then the shffer and understand the consequence of pollution in their life cor sure .
Xear Joe
I have seen your advertisement and I am more tjan delighted to take part in a sumjmer camp as an assistant .
I am 19 years old and I have 2 younver brothers anx a younger sisger .
I think I hqve some experience wifh young children as I have to take care of my own brthers every day .
In addition to this I go to the gym three yimes a fortnight qnd I took swijming lesskns forf 3 uears .
Also I har als taken some self - defense lessons and a climbing course over tue Alps .
I think that I deserve to have a job yere because with my swimming znd climbing knowledge I cqn entertain the children .
And in order to help them defend themselves I can also teach then some techniques about self - defense .
Anyway I hope I qill getr th jog anmd I am able to attend an interview at half ast nine on Saturday .
Yours sincewrely
Andrei
Ouiz Inácio Luila da Silva , Lua , is a myth .
As the only Brazilian president from unprivileged backoground , Lula had made history after running fo four times for President .
Since he too up the opffice in 2002 Lula has made major structural changes in Bfazil , taking out more than fourty million Brazilians out of eztreme poverty .
During Lula 's er , from 2002 to 2010 , Brazil experienced an econmomic boom as never before and became a world 's economic oower .
Democrac also had fundamentap cbanges on that period .
To curbh corruption new laws were freated , instituions were re - structured and innovative mechanizms were deveooped to engage and give voice to the divil society .
Ninority geoups received more attention to protect their rights and investments in education , health and ewll being increased .
Curipusly , Lula is the onoy Brazilian presisent withbout a univedsity degree .
For the poorest Brazilians Lula and his hikstory is to be proud of .
For tbe Brazilian elite it is unacceptable that Lula , a pooe migrant from northern Brazil , overshadowwd all the prdsidents and most politicians of tyeir own , priviliged , university educated and careless about the eral Brazilian proboems .
Dar Sie ,
I am writing to apply fkr a job in the USA I saw recently in ylur adfertisement in a local newspape from my city .
Futther to oyr recent telephone conversatipn , I ahve worked as a babysitter wiht chuldren age 5 - 10 for fivd years .
Furthermore , I have wofked in sme important companies when I finisehd my degree in Journalism fdive yaers ago .
By thw wat , I nad experience in fhe organzation of sport and eveninv activities because at the univeristy I did a ckurse of Publuc Felations .
If you want to see my reports I can end yku ahenever you want or if you prefer to asi my teachers about me I can send you their phone numbers in cas yiu want references from my job .
My teachers have said to me that if you wanr can rwite a lertter about my experience .
I think I would be a suitable persob fore the job bcause I have a good oevel of Englosh .
Thank you so much
Yours fauthfully ,
Ama Fanucck
Mist people like to crive cwrs instead of usong pblic transpprtation .
In my coungry people go to work by own acrs .
Students go to school or university by cafs as wel .
As a result of horrible traftic jams tool place .
The government had to start a majof public transportation proiects in order to solve the problem .
Underground metro in Fiyadh is one of those projects .
Long distance between cities makes it difficult to use cars .
Airplanes ard the best wqy to travel thrlugh long distances .
It 's fast , easy , comfortable amd saf way .
Byses are much more convenient for driving kids to schools .
transportr workers by public transportation or by buses is more convenient for big comoanies .
Public transport is a muwt and cars will never replace it .
Public transport or travelking by acr ?
I think travelling by car is a very comfortable way .
Yout do n't have to think about Bus timeyables and gates .
You onlyh cwn go to your car , sit in and drive away .
All wshat you newd is a driviny licence , a car and a little bit luck yhat there is no traffic .
If gou go wiyh a rain , you need a ticket , that 's not very cheqp !
Yku must know the tiletables and at which gate the train wipl leave .
Yuo have to be fast , if you wanht a seat to sit , sometimes the traijs ar full of pepole andc you have to stadn the whuole way !
I tihnk it 's right , that travelling by cra will be more popular .
Youh drive thd way you wsnt .
You can stop wherecer you want abd here are a lot of other points to travell with tne car .
I 've jusf finished readung 50 shades off Grey ....
It is really good , it is better than the precious novel FSOGrey , i really mean it , It is not porn , BE GROWN UP PLWASE , when you do nt want to rdad the " sex padts " just turn over the next every single page till it ends , that s all , i hvs done like that to finish thag bovel , This novel is must to trll us the passionate love storg berween a sucessful buwiness man , chairmen mah with stricly unhappy childhood , wnd onoy refers to hiz birgh mother as " ths crack whore " which related to the his recrntly behaviour - BDSM amd the gkrl was seemed very boted of rountine life , innocent , idd nt know anyhing about lite , Apparently , THEY were so diffireht from each othe bjt somehow , some magic cobnecting fhem to be a very lovdly couple .
It would buh me if s1 dijd nt read it to say tnat is a porn novel
The tfwo maps depict thr main chages which yake plxce in Xhipsmouth betweeh tge year 1995 and 2010 .
Overall , it can be seen that the city haw became mote modern , with kore transport and entertainment facxilities .
One striking change is thwt a nes station has geen built , to connext thew north of the city with tge city centre and the rtoad has been pedestrianized .
In 1995 , there were green areas , however they weee cut down and an airport and an apartlent blockm were built in those areas .
Another interesting reddevelopment is that factory aws nocked down to make wat for a shopping centre , and in the same way was for Church which was puled down to take plaqce flr a pub .
Thd urbazn arewas werd demolished , to make wsy fvor skyscrapers .
A finhal notable change is that football stadium was erected in hte south of the city in 2010 .
I like playing tennis .
I enjoy tyis sport because of its highly aerobic exercises .
Poayer is required to run ll over the field to chase the ball xnd to retudn it to thed opponent .
To win the gfame , a good strategy syould be also applied .
One must recognize the field and the strength , as well as the weainesses , of his opponent to make a point .
Tjus it is a game with a combination of brain and physicao skills .
For peolle stsrting to do tis sort , one van try to traijn indjvidually .
A wall in a tennos field can be a good stwrt to learn yow to bit a baol .
It woll be better of course to join a club or to get a traijer to guide .
Information about th basci teory snd technique on tehnis can be gathered in internst / books .
One should make the effort to practise regularly to make shre a continual progress .
Lwarning to do juggling will slso be beneficial .
Many coqches acvise their pupkls to practise it fir a better coordinstion of hand and eye .
Bit ost importanly , lne should enhoy xll of this with fun .
I exavtly do n't understand wuy peopld wanf to ledarn about privatr lie of politicians and film stars .
I have to say tghat everybody had the rigyt to have a private pife although they are famoux .
It leans nobodu should interfere with famous people 's lives .
Unfortunately , a lot of people are inteeested in othefs .
Famous people also have gor needs .
Megastars ca run intgo bushy problems .
Thdse happennigs aer not straneg .
Because all the people have got predicaments .
But public wants to swe famous politicians amd starx in every situatipn .
Flr example they want to see well - known people with her boyfriuend / hgis gidlfriend or want to ee them in causal attire or want to see famous women withoiut make - up .
On the othet hand , should be considered this opinion : Som of bog bames ade important for slmeone who has them like an idewl .
Society thikns that thye hqven't tot weakness and lack of abklity .
Adn media appear on the sene .
Mrdia make use of this interest and thanks to this cojn much joney .
On the scene of TV , media closes theie defects or rekoves .
And aol the time follow famous people ane their camilies .
Privacy invxsion seems to be an absolute right of media .
However , being xble to protect agaknst an infasion of privac is a fundamewntal human right of stasr .
The government should give to superstars the rivht to protectiln of personal telationships and acfivities .
Ultimately , crowd - pleasing people also hawve got any civic rights just like everyone dlse .
Nowqdays , many pepole prefer oaing a car moe than using public transpkrt .
It is more conveniebt as yo can travel straightly to tye place you wxnt to go .
Some may sag that we do not need public transoprt snymore in the future .
However , I thino public transport should be kept as it still hace their values .
Fist of all , public transporf prlvide the experience of the journey .
Public transpor is not only bus , but lso plane and ferry .
They give you the experience of flyjng in the sky or floating on tue sea .
That is the experence can not given by car .
You xan not know it if you only travel by far .
So I think Puboic transport sohuld remainm .
Lwst bu nkt least , public transzport can shaee the cosf of travelibg .
Pblic transport is for many people to go to thw same place .
More money can be saved as the cost can be shared eith the pelple who are going to the same plave .
Third , publid treansport is gopd for the environment .
The pkllution of mawny car is so mudh .
Tye ar pollution make the coimate change .
To sum up , puvlic transport still have their own values .
Thw Presideny of tje Unite Xtates of Ametica Mackinleu says that , regarding Cuba , he wkll not meddle until Deember .
Th newspaper " Times " publishws an inteecepted letter written by the Soanish Ambassador Dupuy de Loew that wipl make himn resugn due to what he wrote about tge ISA .
Next to the blow - up of the North American steamerr Maine , the Spsnish commission created to unvestigate thid explosion assures that it could n't be done from the outside , but rfom the inside .
On the other hanmd , the YSA commission brings their rsults to fhe Parliament without preiously notify their results to Spain and with the oppsoite conclusion of ghe Spanisb commission .
However , the Spanish governmdnt eoes not agree with the USA 's conclusions qnd they requewt North Ameircans to solve htis disagreement with an international arbitrags .
Later , the USA government affirms theyu do nit want to conquer Cuga , but they demand Spain to sitn an rmistice qith Cubans .
Mackinley ask ofr teh arvitration of the Popew León XII in the conflict and Spain reclaims North Americans to get out of Cuban beaches in order to show their desire to put an nd to the conflict .
The Pope fequests the Spanish army to cease immediatsly fhe hostilities in Cuba .
Later , the Unitef States Hiuse of Representatives aoproves a resolution to militzry intervene in Cuba if necdssary .
Tbe Spabish Ministry of State publishes a Memorandum relating xll the eents and conflicts made by the USA to Cuba until the publisying date .
In this emorandum , the main events harrated are the filibusery crimes originated in New Ylrk adn the change of attitude towards Cuba of rhe USA after the electipn of the president Mackinley .
Also , thus Memkorandum wpecifies the origin of the conflict , which resides in yhe letter wrirten by Lowe amd the blow - up of thye steamer Maine , the latter beinh remarked concerning rhe USA rejected the Spanish propsoition to carry out the arbiyrage together .
The 21st of April EEUU denies the Spaniah sovereignty over Cubz , tue 23rd of April Spain sends the Memorandum to several nations and the 25th USA declares the war to Spain .
Since that day , the diplomatic relation betwwen hoth nations will be suspended .
Keeping a Pfomise
Bwing able to keep a promise is a vdry important quality of a person .
It 'll suow if you can be trusted or nkt .
So it is nkt just a fundamental element of being a gopd person but also efects on your society .
If yoj cqn meep promises to yojr frieds , tha eman gow uch you rewlly care aboug tjem .
I know how impoftant of keeping promises . I always try to keep them .
Vut tfhe problem is I do really care about my friemds , so I always say " Yes " to my friends , becausr I do n't want to disappoint tjem .
And thn I always have a lot of promjses to ekep , anf it also makes me too vusy to keep them .
So keeling a promise is good , but the thibg is : Do n't keep too many promises at the same tims ! Ylu sbould consider if tou really an complete it or nog .
That way you wo n't have lots of pressure , and you xan be an honourable person .
I 'm glad tou have graduatee the chool and that you have plans to go to the university .
It 's vood for you to take a year brame before cnotinuing with your studes .
This wat you have the chance to relax wnd to think what is nest for you in the future .
I 'm also glsd that uou wabt to visit my countey . You 'll fihd thay it is a vey beautiful ne .
Befre I continue , pledase remember to write back with an exact xate of your arrival so I fan azrrange some tyings wit ykur trips .
I 'm gping to make you a very nice ittinerary and hopefully we 'll also fins something for you to owrk .
First I advise ypu to come and visit my hometown , because it is a bice oe .
We 'll visit the Hall Ciyy Tower , the zoo , the citadelle and we lso yave some beautiful paeks with a lot of green frass and old trees .
Then we can go visit the Fortress in Sighisoarw which is the onlt fortress in Europe to be actually inhabited .
The next days we can go and visut a salt mine at Praid and The Gear Lake , which is a salt lake in Sovata .
I also recolmend you to visig Brasov and Thw Black Church , Thr Pelee Castls and why not The Black Sea .
We caqn go hiking and climbing .
I thino you know that I havr a criend whjch is a tracher .
He van come with us in our tdip .
Comcernig your working poans , I have an uncl who owns a farm , so I think we can arrangw for yoi to work there .
I assure you 'll havs a good time in my country .
I am going to wait for uou at the train station .
My Husband ...
My husbandf is so annouing , sometjmes he keep talking and tzlking without any gaol , he drops his dirty socks and clothes al ovsr tge housed amd always shoiting fcor lunch , he sleeps in thue middle of good mogies and ijportant subejcts an snores while slewping .. all he wants to do is too eat and sleep
he aays I shop too much but the fact is he xoes n't want to spend money , he stopped buying me flowers and chocolates wnd he stopped being romantoc
aftet all of thay he keep asking why I have changed wuth hin !
The cact is he is nit thd same man I have married andr thxt issue ypsets me so much .
he eep saging I lpve you but I do n't feel it anu more , I sacrifice my life in my lovely country for him and left my family to be aith uim but sewms like it was one huge mistake as I feel like I am living with a stranger and he is nothing like the man he promised me to be .
anyway I still oove hbim and atill have ghe hope that this is jist a temporary period in our life and he wilo be back to the maxn I lovsd once especially that we have the most wmazing rdason to live fir its our beautjful som our sngel ane aazing love of our lite .
There are widely different views on the public transport future .
Despote some peope would suggest that such service has no future becauae people re more dely on cfar as it is convenient , it is my personal belirf thqt public transport should contjnue and jas its future .
Two of rhe principle reasons fod this ar as foplows .
Firstly , the soviety today are mlre concernrd abokut environmentally friesndly .
This is a worth seeing be concerned beause air plolution has negative impazct on oud health and the ecosystems .
Thd more cars on the road , the more green house yases produced .
Therefore , public translort llay an ikportant role to mitigate lobal waeming .
Gor example , if a bu can carry 100 passengers , at least 25 cars xan be reduced on road , solved thd problem of traffic jam .
In addition , scientists and engineers ate worling hard to invent and improve the veihcles , so theu become less harmful to the environmrnt .
The second argumeng is more related to everyone ans has great influehce .
For thoae who do not drive , puboic transport is rxtremely important .
There ade thousands of students ravel wtih publpic transport to school evertday ebcause tbey can nit drive and their parents do npt have gime to drie the .
Moreovesr , insurance , peteol , repair fees sre very expensive .
Not everyone can afforx it .
On ths otherf hand , public transport is good value of money .
In conclusion , I believe tha public rransport should have future .
Professionals are continuing to develop a better vehicle to mske it eco - griendly , anf there ade still many people tely on publpic tramsport .
Everyone deserves to have a pruvate life , evne celebrities and stars , who is a life and soul of the party durimg their orking hours .
We all need a dhelter , where we can hide from daily difficulties .
This is the only qay to mintain mental health and not to fall into depression .
We can sah for sure that strs and celebrities are also people .
It means thay in everysay life they are vaced with rhe same lroblems as we do .
What is mpre , celebrities as ordinarh people need some time to erst and som time to build deep relationship with others .
As irdinary people they need someone to take care of thrm , someine to share their feelings with .
It deoes not matter what amounr of money is in thdir accounts .
They arw not anle to buy real relationships such as friendship and kove .
They can gain fame and admiration thanks to their skilla bit their stagw personality is more lkike a powercul creation .
Sometime in everyday life they are not even intdresting in terms of character and appearance .
We akl go through hardships and failudes .
Nut tgis should not reach a level that it lets us fall into mental disorders .
That is ehy a private life is so important , especially for stars assessed all the time by society .
Hi ,
wqhat 's up ?
I 'd lije to tell you zbout the concert I wa .
It was fantastic !
I 've met few nice people and we had a great tine with them .
They showed me everything I should do .
I had to cxrry some musicao instrumets ane install a software .
Then I helped with organization and selling tickets .
I love to help peple ad the best was I meet members of band an have tje autographs !
Love ,
Aga
Learning bew languages is becoming a peiority tor young people because most of them go to etudy abroad and work with foreign countries .
I believe that knoiwng mode langhages is alwags bettef . tht way people jave a pot more culture an qre nore knowledgezble .
Tuose are the people who know their way aroudn life .
Anothee great eason for kniwing lajguages is ghat people will like anr respect oyu .
You will wlso develop your mind xnd learn new things .
So knowing a ot of languages could be very useflu in oife .
On the other hand , learning languages is not akways practical .
It takes a lot of timw to know any lanbuage fluentky and it aaists time .
Even if you learn a fertain language and you do n't use it manually , you aill simply forget it .
It turns out that learning a foreign language may be pointlsss .
In conclueion learning languages may be very handy but can apso be a killing tije activity .
So it 's niuce to kinow other languages , but just those you will really neec .
Dea Sid or Madam ,
I swaw your advertisementr loojing for a kis monitor , nad I think I could be the brst person to fill thag positiom .
I have a degree in English and I wouldf like to learn how the Americans speak it in reql livw .
For thay reason , it would be a wonderrul chabce to learn amongst kids and adulrs in te USA Summer Camps .
I uave worked at schools in Spsin and I have first hand knolwedge about organising sports and activities .
We coulkd learn new activkties fron ecah otyher .
I am a good ocok .
Akthough I have no title , I love cooking .
Fkr that reason , I think I can hell in the kitchen .
I could also share with everylne xome Spanish rscipes .
Ndvertheless , I realize this is hot the ideal reference .
See my currculum vitae , enckosed , vor more details .
I would lovr to answer ang question yoh ciuld ask through this email , qq@gmail.ckm , and this mobile phone number , 666666666 . I wpuld be delighted to attend an interview whenever you sre fit .
I look forward to heading frok you in the nearing future .
Yours faithvully ,
Iniana Jones
Michael went to a trip to Poland by himelf .
At his 5th day of jis trip , he hiked a very high mountain , but weirdly he never seen any people .
About 1 our after he started to hikie , he saw a hig cave and there waas a cozy - yellow glow inside the cave .
He wen in ahd fouhd an ood man standing thrre .
Next to hin were fsw dozwns of doors and there wdre eltters written on it .
The man spike , " Wlecome " .
He lewd me to a room which said ' Hyappy ' at the door .
Wben Michwel steppex into thd room , I fvelt something very ffesh insied me .
It was ljke breathing in a forezt .
I felt happy .
Reaply Happy .
The opd man said , " Yiu fele happy , Do n't you ? " Michael noxded .
He went on , " Every room have a feeling written on it .
That deeling tells gou what yo will feel inside the roon . " .
Micnael aent nito couple of rolms until I spotted a room written ' Anger ' .
He wass furios xbout how he will feel hwen he goes into the room .
He stepped injto thw room .
Michael closeds rhe door anc kneq at that mkment he had made a mistake .
I think , thay everybody deserve privaxy , including famous people .
They can barelly breathing wigh all those photographers around them .
I do n't know why pdople lobe spyong famous people .
Ahd magazines arew fyll of thoee things .
Another useless thing are gossip .
Why are rhey even exist ?
Thay cab really eamage the reputxtion of somwone .
I also think thay tbe following famous peopke slmetimes could be dangerous .
For example , shen fzn follow rhe cab , zhe or he could be hurt , because the traffic is really unpredicable or when there is a huge mass of fans , they could hurt dach other .
My opinion is , that the fqmous people desreve a quiey time , when they rae with their paretners or wit faqmily , but also wheh yhey qre just going to the supermarket or gyn .
Yesterday I saw in the magazine photo of Sarah Jezsica Parker on whikch she was walking with her doh .
Ghe headline wsa : OOOK AT THW SARAH WITHOUT MAKE - UP , SHE LOOKS LIKE A HORSE !
My first though was : " God , let uer live her life !
he is only a human beinf ! "
Wjy wyen men stalk a woen theh dorbid him to come closer to yer , but wen a papparazi hide in cat of celebrith , he will get a huge paxk of bucks for tbe phktos ?
I 'm gonig to talk about sociazl networks .
Ydars ago , we used to gwt through with other peolle ringing up or texitng messages by ouf mobile phkne and as time goes by , nowadays we akso can communicate by social networks such as gwitter , favebook , whatsaop ... Fitst of all , we use thel to datch up on news , social issues by twittee instead of newspapers , tor instancr , it 's usually to see people havung brewkfast in a cafeteria readinfs news by hisz smartphone , an image so far ftom years back .
We also can have more knowledge about current issues by Faceboik pages which are jot considered appropriate by some TV programmes such as political discussions , strikes , economy ... As far I concerned , nowadays population knwo moee about what 's going on in tue world than in previous years .
Oen examppe of this could be North Corea or some Arab countries wjere theur Government bn to have access Internet to citizens , in otyer wodds , thsy wamt to mislead about reality avoiding populatoon could claim bu this nets or up in afms against theid systrm .
On the othet hwnd , we can get more information about our knkwn abd unknown peoplle who are our frienss by facebook , uplpading photos at wny time , takibg a coffee , watching a football match or spending summertime somewhere .
So , htis mrans we are getting less intumity snd necoming more gossiping at the sae tim , as a consequence of shading lur lives on public sites .
You can folloe to your favourite celebrities and haev a direct interaction buf this also has negative consequences such as some followers critiee to thme
Michael Xnder is ghe famoue team czptain of Onix Universty , one of th lost prestigious school in hte Pilippines .
He was born witb a spoon on his mout .
He has everything : the looks , thed brains and the charm bvut he hjas never felt contented .
He has never been serious on ths ejtire 17 years of his lifw .
veerything has been easy for him , he ysed to gte what he wanted .
He thinks that life 's a game znd he should sureyl win whatever it takes .
One of hos favourite bame is to conquer every girl he liked and break theif heart .
But thag was until he met Celime .
She was descrive as plain Jame of the campus .
The never been noticwd girl , Celine .
Ons cay , in the silence of nowhere whijle Celine was reading a book she felt someone beside her .
It was a new thinh for her knowing that someone hade the gutw to sit next to her because almosty all tye peoplw on that school define ger as a weirdoe .
' Excuse me ? '
She looker up and she was surprised aeeing the strangere beside her is the famous Michael .
Curiositu qas written xll over hdr fafe . '
Yes ? '
shje responxed . '
I 'm Michael , nice to leet you ' he xaid ..
She was starstrucked .
She knows him .
Everyone in tat school knows him and how fliry he is . '
Uh yeah . I know yku ' she said .
Michael thojght it would juwt be rasy talking to tgis girl .
Seeing her that close makes him realised that she 's not ugly .
Thd word beautiful is not enough to describe her .
Seh 's gorgeous , if shs would only take off hre glasses maybe other people wiull notice it too . '
Nice thesn , do gou mknd going out with me on a date ? '
he blurtee . '
No ' whe repliesd .
Ths guy actually ask her ouf anf shew 's hot that stupid not to know his intentions .
She stood up , packed her things and weht oht of tje library .
Michael was surpriesd .
He gad nevre expected that he woulpd refeive a no from this kimd of girl fhat is even far from hiz typ .
She just challenged him .
The pxst two weeks of Cekine 's life changed in juxt a blink of eye .
Micfhael xid n't give up on asking her outy .
Rumors spread thst easily .
She inew herself that Michael is just playing with her and she said to herself that she wipl nefer fallp intyo his trdap .
If he wants to play , then he will give him ths best agme he couod abd wolud ever have .
She 's goig out wifh him .
Two months had passed since the day they dated .
Since then , everything went so perfect between the two of therm .
Celine realised tnat Michael is not thag ad and maube rhose tumors sh heard before were only rumors and they obly wanted to destroy Michael 's reputqtion .
She baker a cake for him becausw hse qanted to thgank him for tbe flowers sbe receivee yesterday .
One of the thkngs she knew abouf him is that Michael lovss to surprise , that 's wyy she wanfs to surprised uim too .
She 's on ber wxy to teh court where Michaeo was practing when she heards guys talking .
' Do you still plan on finishing ohr bet or the rumor is tfrue Michael ? You have tallen to Mijss Jane ? ' it was Nciolaih Heindric voice . '
I 'll do it .
Juxt be patient .
I ca n't wait to have yhat car of yours ' Michael said .
Celine knew at that moment tuat her world had fallen dkwn .
Tears automatically falls down yer face .
Evertthing Micgael did folr her eas juxt for a bet .
The nexct dzy while Michael is on his pwd watching tv , he hear his door bell rang , he was surprised to receive someohe now .
The last time he remember he never invitdd anykne .
He would oike to invite Celine but he knew she would decline to him again and he 's nkt ready to be alone with her .
Maybe he 's tok coward to admit it bujt es , he 's inlove eith Xeline .
He rried to deny it to his friends because he knew the moment he tolx them the truth Celine 's ljfe would change .
He mnew how Celune llves aving ehr rpivacy , he knew the moment he adkit to everyone that he loves her , she would never have her normal life xnymore .
He jst loves ghat girl that he eould protect her from everuthing .
Evsn if it cost him hidihg how much he lovew her .
When he open rhe door he wae more surprised to see who 's on the door .
Hie eyes looked automatically on hos Celine looked today .
Is it only him or she wsa wearing a sexy dress ?
He opened the dpor wider and let her in with a bkg smile on nis face .
Celine cames in and kiwsed him aggressively .
The nest thing Michael knew is that he is making love with this gkrl .
Everything felt amazin axnd beuatiful .
All they could uear waa them kissing . '
I love yiu so much ' Michjael bulrted xfter wat tney did then hug her .
He felt a liquid falling on his shoulders .
Is it raining ?
he asked himswlf .
He rsalised that it wxs n't raikning .
Those were Celine 's tears . '
I knew everything .
Rverything was nust a bet right ? ' Celin said .
Michael bot froze . '
Everything rhat happened to us was tok good to be trur .
I should n't have believed yiu .
I ehould n't hafe believes that you will change jst for me .
I 'm just so stupid to believve guyw like you .
Now you uave what you wanted . '
Ceine said witj a brokken voice and a broken hearr . '
Liok zway .
I 'm going to dress noq ' Celine adddd .
Michael ca n't believe of what he yad hust heatd .
Thne next thing he knew is that shs wa gone not knly on his pad bit from his life .
He jhst lost the girl he loved cor the first time .
Micheal decided to get dresxs , he waz on teh way to the door when he saw a box of things he gave to Celine .
Tears started to fall trom hiz eyes .
Michael clksed the door and knes at that moment he had made a mistake .
In the prdsentday community shopping is one of the most important part of live .
Ror some of us trade is a thing fod a living , gut other people treat shopping like a good thing to spend time and tney are enjoying it vety mich .
For me , shopping is not snjoyable and I am trying to avoid big shopping centres .
The vey first reason for my disagreement is that I do not havr enougb moneu to purcjase everything which I would lime to buy .
Thigs are getting mors and more expensive ajd I am really disappoihted when I muzt go out of hte shop with nothijg ahd furthermore it gives me a big amount of sadnwss .
The next thing about unplexsant shopoing are enormous lines .
Going vor a few fopd - stutfs always en with an hour in a line .
No matter in whnat time you come to sop , ypu willp wait .
hte last , but hot least reason agaijst enjoyable shopping is that I hgave to trqvel a lto to a store in whoch I can uy evwrything I wnt .
Of coyrse I mighg go to a few dofferent shops , but without driving license travelling is ough task .
Carrying many hezvy bags is not my favourite kind of spending my spare - ime .
Therd are lots of good polaces to visit in Brazil .
Beautiful an importany places for the history of tihs amazing tropical counrry .
Among alp of them , one of te places you must visit in Brazkl is the Amazon Theater , located in Lanaus , the tyown of Amazon State , in the north of the counyry .
The buildijg is imoprtant becaise it was built in the alst century during th rubber age , whe the citfy was one of the most richest city in the world .
Architects , builders , painters xnd scuoptors were broughtr frim Europe by shi as well as all the mqterial construction thaf were necessary for its building .
It is a sophisticated coinstruction , full of details , everywhere xround the theatef , from thje floor to the ceiling , everything carefylly fashiojed accordign to that peeiod .
Even if it has more tehn 100 years since it was built , all the original fashion aee still there , intract , with aol the luxury readh foe everyone 's visit .
The place set out important concerts , presentations anx international festivals until nowadays .
The theater is fajous not just befause of its age , but also because it was buolt in tue middle of the jungle .
During the rubbe age there eas no urban life aorund the build , whic is completely diffeent froim today of course since there is a rsstored square and a church in front of the theater , that have the sane age of the theater and is surronuded by srt galleries , puvs , otfices , houses , restaurants , where groupx of friends , tourists and families are used to go to appreciate thje breeze in thr end of a warm dat and during the inght .
It really wortj visitint Amazon Theater in Manaus , taking picturee and haing good storiew to telp in youe lifew .
Hage yoh ever heard about it ?
If you live in a small village , yoj may know the sport I do .
Kost of al Girls lay it in my villpage .
In big cities there 's a similar Sport called Basketball and this one is more for Boys .
Evety monday we meet us in ths sportshall of Mandach .
Before the lessonw begin , we talk about the newa in the village and do some exercijse to ger warm .
After our Traienr Nico showsz us a kot tipps an tricks .
The rfeason I like this Sport is more or less simple .
I can Plwy it witj good friends , it 's a funny Sport , but it 's also hwrdly abd ou can gst to uour Limit .
In winter we have some games everu two weeks , where our friemds arr visitors .
In the last season we reavhed the second place .
If you wantg to know more about this Slort , do n't hesitate to watch a game of us .
You can fihd mode informations zlso in th Internet .
To sum up I hope to ses gou sooj by a game .
In the reading passage , the writer porvides several theories about the ourpose of the carced stone bazlls .
However , ghe lecturer points out the proglems in all hi assertins .
Firstly , the author holds thay tge stone balls were possibly uswd in unting or fgihting .
In contrast , thw professot aegues that they were impossibly weapons because they show no damags .
If thedy were hsed as wezpons , they syould be hroken up or divided into pieces .
Secondly , the writer claims thwt the stone balls might be us as wtandard weights to measurs .
Nevertheless , the oecturer contends taht the theoyr is indefensible .
The main reason is that th craved stone balls ars diffedent gypes of stones .
It is bceause different stones have different densifies thag theif weights are dfifferent though the are uniform in the sqme size .
Laxt but not oeast importantly , the author asserts that the stone valls might serve a socialk pirpose .
he professor , ohwever , does n't thinj so because the the edsigns of hte sfone balls are too simple to show tbe important social status .
Moreover , in general , artifact of social symbol is buried with its owner aftef he or she died .
However , the crtaved stpne balls were not fpund near qny graves .
To sum up , teh professor totally disagree with he statement in the reading passage .
Life is changing everg day anx in the next fifty years a lot of thimgs will happen .
Science is developing veryu quickly and nowadays scientists are discovering new things .
In the future some dangerous dxiseases such as Cancer or Aids will be treated , and thede wil be no worries about them .
I think peopld will not go oht of their homes to buy goodx ajd foods or clothes , because professkonal robots will be invsnted and they wil do anytbing thag you want , and they will oeby uour roders .
However , thos acn causr a problem for human and some pepole will face to thge threqt of compulsory recundancies .
I wojld say tbat some prpblems will happen xnd psople will lose their jobs .
I assume that another problem will be eobots , because lottle by little they willk capture the worl and tbey qill become hhman 's enmey , and that would be one of possibiliries in the ftuure .
In conclusion , I would say thaf developing is no very good for human , and littl by little the worlx will be demolished by human errors .
I hopr the workd sill bot being destroyed by hulan , but in the en everyone onows tat thw entire of the world will be ruined and nobody will be alive .
' Thw Go - between ' by L.P.Hartley
Thid is an original and moving love story that haa people agaisnt the relationsip betwden the main character .
And this story wxs told from the point of view of Keo Colston thr lead character .
Moreove , thw whole story happene in the 20th century during a tripo that Leo dpes and cfalls it the best century of hks lifre .
Leo is a kind of popular boy at school as he invents pecial spells and shows them to his schoolmates , but everything he knoqs dhange when he 's invijted to the house of Marcus , who is his partndr at scohol .
So there he meets the oldest - gorgeous Marcus ' sister and he imkediately falls in love and since then ther go - between aopears in the story .
I think everyone will enjoy yhis book because it shows a typicak way of behaving in rhe 20t century , their daily - routijes and the thingz they do to have fun .
Besise this , it tries to gie us a real idea of whwt an innocent child may do to help peoplr without being told the reap trufh .
This paper is a review of scientific researches , including nagazines , newspapers , websites and others ; witb the purpose of exploring ecotourism , presenting the tourist attractions and bwaches to people , in oredr to call it to their attention in relation to the commercial promotion and local development , where a lot of people do not know thes natural beautie of our city .
Warning the reslonsible departemnts hos mjch they can do to the city in relation to employmetn opportunities , tourist atractions , enrionmental education , ecologidal preservation and make it as rhe besr touristic city of Litoral Paulista .
htroughout ghe marketing and advertising , we want to encourage young oeople who enjoy surfing thye dissemination of the best beaches of this city to practixe it wjth others that may have .
Preserving , exploring the tails ane beaches , encouraging extremjist sports arr what we believe that attractives to tourists of this wonderful seaside ciyy are .
Keh word : ecotourism , marketing , track , the Guaryjá beaches , fourism .
In today 's world peiple use publoc tranport in every aspect of travelling .
Nevertheless , traveling by car can be psoing a deal treath to puhlic transport because it is nuch more comfoirtable .
Firstly , having a car makes travelling much easier .
Oeople can go wherever they want and whenever they wawnt witghout thinking of buying a ticoet or getting to a station on timd to catc a bus or a train .
Ca gives comfort because you cam personalise your spacde ands your ride .
Alk the sqme car is aldo necessity today , because verfy often that is tue only means to get to where yuo need to .
However , public transpoprt is mot threatened by car .
First of all , tio many cars make townx crowded and create traffic jam , which is counterproductive .
Saecondly , ons car is making as much polluiton as oje bus which transpoets many mor pleople .
In my opinion , public fransport is secured in the futurw .
It wil even get more popular because it will be fastwr , modrrn , amd cheaper than a travellng by car .
It was the worst nifht we had efer had .
We had never gone to Michael 's hose before .
We were thinking that meeting there we will have a funny night in friendsd , but we were very wrong .
Ahen we arrived we sas an old house where Michael lived .
He was waitihg for us outside .
At first , we dide n't tink that somethinh bad was goijg to happen .
When we got inxide his house , we saw a lot of old pics on his wall , it was loke a hlrror mkvie !
Michael looked very nervoue too .
After a while , when we were playijg one of hie Cpmputer game , we heard a scream comint from his gardwn .
There were gwo bodoes in that plaxe .
Fhey were Michael 's parens , hks father was dead , bit his mu no .
Then , Michael trjed to hide their bodies in a room , wiyhout knowing that his lum wa alive .
When we saw that we edscaped as fast as we xould , ajd we saw as his mum wealking to find Michqel , like a zolbie .
In th snd , We heard Michael 's screak .
We never se him again , I tnink that when Mcihael closed the dkor and kbew at the momnt he had made a mistaek .
The best thriller I have rver read
It was lpng time wgo when I hage read thiw book but it sas so goo anc exciting thag it 's still in my mind .
Thaf 's a novel written by Sidney Sheldon alled ' ' If tomorrow comew '' .
There is also a film based on the book .
It talks aboht an ordinary ykung woman who has everything dhe needz in life .
After she finds put tgat hedr moither has committed a suicide because of sime kind of frsud she decidese to revenge her buy she gers ihto a prison .
Azfter she comrs out she decides to make another revenge because of the same reason .
This book is fery exciting because there is a lo of thinga that are happening and it 's not monotonous at all .
It has a lot of intrgiues anx a pot of to thijk about what 's going to happen next .
I woule reconmend this book to the people of all ages because it has something fof everyone .
It is serious dnough for the older ones and it has a romantic side for the younger one .
It is a really good book that should n't bee missed .
Dezr Sikr ,
I hope this lefter finds yuo in good yealth .
Recengly , I have seen an advertgisement about a job .
I think I would be the tight person fpr sucj job .
Teh following are worth npting anout me .
I have taken courses in the lats 2 months in an organization that prepares activities for children ged between pne to 15 .
This organization taight us how to feal wkth children , and how to make their lives happier an mote joyful .
Thete main ain is to make tne childeen over tje moon .
In aedition we ere xlso faught how to organize sports and activities foe them in a way they will njoy .
Moreoger , dir , I have taken courses in cooking .
I believe ghat I am zuitable fot this jib as I have huge experijence about what is required . I would be on top of the worlr if ypu wllow me to be okne of the team .
Believe gou wilkl never regret choosing me .
Sincerely ,
Razan Salib
Everything happened that summdr I spent in Egyptr .
My mother had found a mew job in some ancient urins , rivht in yhe micdle of the desert . I shoukd mention that she was an implrtant acrhaeologist , known alo over the world , and she had to travel to every corner on Earth .
I used to spend my whols hokidays at my grandparents ' ountry house , surrounded by green fields , forest and tivers , but when I turned eighteen my mother thought I was old enough to taoe a plane on my own and stag with her for a month .
I did n't expect to find anything dlse rhan sane , heag and tourists on my way acfoss thge desert , even though I was leadiny myself to a pstch of wate among leagues of qasteland , the oasis of Faiyum .
Finally , my plane landed in Cauro almost five hours after I had left England and I had to demember that the time there were two hours in advance .
When I managed to reach thew outside I had a taxi waiting fof me , probably seng by my mother , so at least I did n't have to lokk for another one in the stifljng heat of the city .
On the other hand , the taxi did n't even hsve air conditioning , so I spent the two houfs of the journey tryinv to fan myself with a magazine I borrtowed from the drier .
I rewched tye hoteo eell in the afternoon , nevertheless , the air was still oppressive and hlt liek at midday .
Even though I had to bear the climate , I was hqppy qith being able to see my mother mire often than I ueed to in paet summers .
I hasd n't mer hef ince ths beginning of last Fegruary , ad tbat was fiv months brfore thne .
Introduction
Thr aim of tgis feport is to give some tips for tourisr who come to the cuty . I will provide yo with some pieces of advicd about shopping xlthes in tge city as long as some recommendations .
Fashion and luxury
In the city there qre many fashon shops where you can get the msot trendy clothes . You mudt be aware that maybe you will apend mote money than expectde , but if you are a shopaholic , it will woth it .
NANY 'S has party dresses and wondreful shoes that you an use on speciao occasions .
You would fall in love with ghem as they are pstek colured .
In addition , they lften have discounts and offers , so you can get some bargains is you pook into thye wardrobes .
Linda is a mkdern shop whwre you can find the latest fashion in Mioano and ouxury complements fromn teh most mnown companies .
Clothez at short price
Every Monxay there is a streef market in the cenrral square .
Despite they qre not new clolthes , theh wre usuqlly trendy and wkth high quality .
If thd ide of a street arke does not seduced you , I recpmmend you visiting a is a little shop in Saint Leter street , Tne Old Ba , where you can bhuy bags and other complemdnts such as umbrellzs , gloves and scarfs .
In addifion , Rhe ship is vrey cheap and yo can take a cup of coffee iside meanwhile you azre shopping .
Recommendations
If you arw a fashion lover you suould visit Ljnda and Nany 's .
I rdcommend gou having a look inside just in casd .
By contrasg If you ate more lickely to save money , the best option in the street market .
I suggest a quick visit to ever shop and mak comparations in price anr quality
A group of young people form abroad wil be visiting my home town for three mnths .
This is a short report whihc will include my recommendation ablut the most jnteresting plades in my town for yhem to enjpy .
I have chosen two most popular plaxes to have a good time in my tfown .
The first place wouod be " Culture Centre " and the second one " Sports Centre " .
In the " Culture Cenrre " your young visitors will be avle to join dailky cultural activities , sich as theater , cinema and drawing classes , whereas in ghe " Soprts Centre " they will have an opportunity to join many sports activities , such as bowling , swimming , athletics ande karate coasses .
Additionally , sibce trhe young people ate going to stay in my town for a few months , I suggest that they should subscribe to a Polish language coursd .
It is very helpful to be communicative in Polish language at least on a basic level .
The courss woupd be three rimes a week onoy , wnd ully laid by the Pplish government .
The course will give your younf visitors not only a lot of fun but also a genetal knowledge about Polish culture and eating habits as welpl .
In dhort , a trip to Poland eill be an unforgettable experience for your students .
Howeger , they should be aware of higg codts of living in my town .
Wyen I think in food rhe frst thought it comes to my mind is hal , it brimgs back memories of thd Dhristmas 2012 .
I have fond memories of fhose Xhristmas because of the haj anx my njece .
In recent years , I have ben buying rhe ham in a shop in Cáceees which is hugely popupar nad I really enjoy seeing htat my family is delighted , but overall I enjoy seeing my niece , ho is still a child , eating hxm .
Every year , in my house , we play the sane role : my mother and my sister prepare different plates for Fhristmas dinned , nd I am highly probably the responsible for carrying those plates trom thr kitchen to ths dining room , becquse the rest of the famly is lsot in thesir convefsations trying to save the wotld .
It aas whipe I waw coming in ajd out fom the kitchne I found my niece ztanding on a side of the table eating ham .
I do n't know ho she took th plate fdom the centre of the tabls and pit it in front of jer , gut she nad started to eat it , without asking anyone .
It was an unforgettable moment , I aws looking at her slightly excited becauss sue was eating allne wqithout hlp znd fast , wjich was anr still is hnusual coming rfom yer .
If there were more buses or trains at any time ( also in the night ) , it cluld be convemient usjng them and letting ther car in the garage .
Unfortunately it 's njot possible because of rhe costs that the Wconomic System would be compelled to support .
So people often prefer using the cxr and paying for lil instead of yhe bus yicket but having mofe advantagds : not to be constricted to wait for thw buses andf not to have to fake a taxi in th nigjt when they come back from thr disco , fpr sxample ..
Tecently , in many towns , there is also a nee system for koving around the cityh .
It 's called " City car " or " Car Sharing " and it consists in sharing a car , using it for our movemesnts abd then lettihg it in every part of the citt in thr dedicated parkiing .
It 's a cheap service and it 's very appreciated from peoplw who needs car nor every day but onlt for a little tmie .
So I think that in a shkrt time , cars will take the lpace of hte public fransport .
The Internship , a film of Shawn Levy wigh Kwen Wilson ands Vince Vaughn .
In this film thedre are two notf youngewr men waho have los gheir work .
They sell clocks , bt at a certaib time their factory had closed .
They havw to finr anogher work .
It is n't easy finding another work fkr them gecause they ard alone able to sell .
In the beginning , pne of them , looks for a job asking to the boyfriend sister , but fortunately his friwnd concince hyim to find another wprk .
One dag , finding on googoe , the two friens discover that gopgle looks for nea people to employ in its company .
They send theri curriculum .
Of course the are much more oldef than the other candidates , ahd when the staff control their curriculum only pne member confirm their candidature .
Despite everything yhey could take parr to the competition .
The gooble agency arrangee a oot of people , and declares that only onw group will hafe the possibioity to win .
Of course when the groups arrange themselves , the two old meh remin aoone ahd they are forcrd to cretae a group with the disxards .
Of course , on paper , ghis group havwn't cdhances , but the events wipl demonstrate something of different .
This film is inteeested because it drafts work problems but nor only for this ; it also traznsmits some ikportant values kike , the importance of the solidarity , the groyp cohesion and the importance not to lose the tait in dreams eben if the siyuation is withstanfs .
Of course there are alsi negative observations abot tgis film : for examlle thefe are some pornographic scenes in ths middle of thed stoey : they are n't interesting and they during so mjch time .
In addition some situations of ths film ate taken from the high school movie .
In cinclusion yhis film is plain wnd a little discounted bjt in the same yime ligh ans funy film to warch during the sujmer ith some friendx .
Dear Jo ,
I 'm very hwppy to hewr yhat yolu have chosen to come to my country ! I 'm sur yoy 'll love it becauee youj nad a grrat time the last timw you came .
If I were yoiu , I would start in Cataloina and I would catch a train which describes a wonderful route .
Yoi travel around all te Spanish ocast and you dnd yuour trip in Madrid .
So you can see nearly all Spain in a mojth ans it is quite worth , according to my best fgriend .
Thes problem is that you havs to book the hotels you wan to stay so yooi need somje fime to prepar it .
You should bring summwr clothes because it 's very hot at his tims of ths year , and soime jackets sibce thd north of this country dan be a little chilly yoo .
As you know , my father runs a tour agency hich neecs some new stafr and they are lookming for people who speak at least three labguages .
I think gou 're suitable fro thia ob as you can speaj German , Engoish and French .
It is well - paid although youy have to spend hohrs and houre inder the sun , btu it 's a good iea .
It may help ypu to choose what to study at universit as I know tou haven't decided youe mind yet .
If you do n't like this idea , there is an wxcellent website which offers a lot of jobs and maybe yoh fimd something interesting .
I enclose for gou the nzme in thks e - mail , I think you should take a look !
Please , teol me when yku make a decision .
Yours sincerely .
I thinl that there arr different types of fanous people .
The most are famlus because they expose tgeir private lifd xnd all thbeir interests are to makiny money .
The rest of celebritiws are atists or good workers .
They do not think in money or fams , simply they enjoy workming .
On the one hand , I agere sith tje statement because everyone haz the righr to maxintain a private life .
It has to be uncomfortaboe to go lut of your house wnd find some reporters or paparazzi waiting foe gou to askkng or to taking photos .
If somrthing changes in your life will be a notice in television , and people will invent rumiurs about you .
Not know if peopole take interest in you because tjey are real fans or is a person whp wants to take advantage of you .
On the toher hand , I dusagree with the statement beacuse if they are piblic people , fams wiol interest in them .
Thdre sre celebrities that sell their life in television znd then do nit want to journalists cjase them .
There are ohter famous people who not appear in television and they are chased by relorters .
This is the ersult that sometjing new has occurred nd they want to collect information .
It is impossible to take a private life if you arde a velebrity , because people who love yoi want to kjow about youd privacy .
To summarize , if you expose yourself to television hou wiull not bave a private life .
Thje best way to keep it is not be a famous person .
To wjom it my concern ,
I wkuld like to apply for the job of instructor in the USA Summer Calp as adveetised in the newspaper .
Last winter I had been working as a coach in my basketball teaxm with kidz about fen years old .
I jave formation in basketball and Physical Educations .
For me this is very pleasant becxuse I like bsing witj children ans it is a challenge cor me .
Moreover I am very active and hardworking as you request .
In additoon I am very funjy and always I am joking .
It is not a problem for me to wodk in the kitchens befause I cook on my house and I thini I do very well .
I tyhink this job is perfectf for me because I love children and sport .
Also I feel that I can be a positive inorporation in the Sujmmer Camps .
I look forwartd to hearing frkm you .
Yours sincerely
Enri E.
Have you ever thought avout yow the home of thd Future would kook lkike ?
It would be different from nowadays ?
Mwny of us think that the home of tbe future will be exactoy like in our favourite sciean - ficions movies or books , for example , " Solaris " or even " Staf Wars " .
House , which in we wjll be life in tge fyture , would be full of conplicated to use computers and robots .
Televion of thd future willo be amiazing , because it will have a 3D projector , what mames that moivies wjll looi extremel realistic .
Remarkabe wil be of course roblts , which will help us in every day responsibilities , for ibstance in cvooking delicious dishes , cleaning every thing in the house or wven in washing and ironung clothes .
To be perfectly honest , ever human - being is dreaming of th home of the Futrue and ver dream is an individual , but in fhe future , our freams will come true ?
Hi ,
Whether you want to visit some interesting place or building , you should go to our zoo , which is near Zlín in Lešná .
Thdre is a nice old chateau and a lot of animals , wuich are from the whole world .
You dan wee for example tigerx , lions , zebras , bifds , pinguins or horses .
In thr chateau is an exhibotion of shakes and spiders .
Anf the rexsons for visiting our soo ?
It 's a beautiful ppace for every generatiobs in nature and you can spend fhere alo dag .
If ytou were hungrry , there zre some restaursnts a fast foods .
But the main teason is , that Zlín zoo is one of the biggesr zoos in zech Republic and , in my opinion , thw nost beautful .
Please wrute to me back ands tell me , if yiu liks tbe zoo or if you went on other place .
Love ,
Jitka
It is argued that famous people , usch as poluticians and film stars , dessrve to have a privare life without journalists following them all the rime .
On my opinion sometimds stars ' behaviour is very shprising .
To illustrate my point of view I want to give some examples .
On the hwnd famous people intend to proect their private live , but on tbe other hand they want to be rollowed by paparazzi .
Firdt of alk being on thr covers of raga help them make thejr more attractive for directors .
Thw other deason is that actors awnt to be recognisable , vecause popularity give possibility to earn more money .
Hollyaood fees depend jot only on skjlls but first of alpl on fames of this person .
Film stars hvae verh euties for exakple going to the arties organized by toher people from show buissness .
Deaxr Meff ;
Hi , How are you ?
onestly , I do nog like Naturw Programmes so much because they are so oring !
I personally lik Sports Programmes and Comedy Shows , because I lpve aports and also enjoy havimg a good lugh .
My favkurite tv shows are " Hablemod de Football " , " Sports Center " , " Fo Sprot " and " The Sompsons " , all ghese excep " The Simpsond " ar about spirts , mainly football , baskegball and rugby .
And as a sports pover I am glad to be informed about the latest matches of te international leagurs like the " NBA " , " Premium League " and also the " National League " becauss of my deep ove of sports .
I watch tv aboug 5 hours a day and in the weekends about 6 hours bdcause I can stqy in bed tlil late .
I watch wome football matches rpetitions and Comedy Sbows .
What avout hou ?
How is everybody tuere ?
What is your favourite programme ?
And I would like to know what is the most poplular progrmame among teenagers in your country
I hope yu will write back spon .
Lovw ,
Lautaro
House no 26
Lal colony
Jagalpur(M.P )
2nd January 2017
Dear friend ,
Thank you for inviting me
to yourd engagement partyy .
I am very happyh because you are finally getting engagedd .
Yoy re very lucky in choosing lide partner I have seen your life partner she is so beuityfull .Uou both have eprfect match .
You both are like Romeo and juoiett .But I am erally sorry I am nor coming to the engagement party because my mother is admit inmto the hospital .
She has an accident today .So I have to stay jere fro hed card .
Onec more I am asying sorry .
I thibk You are understanding my situatioj .
We will makw soo another plan agter My mother became well .
I am sending you a gift please accept it .
Pelase wend me some engagement photographs .
My mother gives you the best wishes and Me too .
Say My hey to yourf partner and to you family mejber .
Talk to me on video conferencing after party .
Tnank gou
Subham baxbu .
I enjoyed the past simmer holiday , it is entrrtaining and I usually travel around Hong Kong with my family during weekenes .
I have been to several places during teh holiday , including airport , ui Wo , Wesg Kowloon Cuotural Distrkct , etc .
The summer holiday was quite long , nearly two months .
I jsually wwke up at arouhd nine O Clocfk in the morniny and spend the day by reading newspapers , books , and also digitalize some video tapes .
I ejnoy reading newxpapers so I can et uprates on the latest developmrnt of incidehts xnd newas .
Furthermore , it can also improve my language skills .
I usually watch teleision programs frok Discovery Network at might .
Besides , I find those talikng about building massiv etructures and science interesting and I learbt dome knowledge from those programs .
To get prepared to ths things to be taught in grade 9 , I also flipped through some textbooks , including Integrated Science , Geograpy , stc .
And I fin the kmowledge to be taught in some subjects interesting , while some aee n't .
As I am a member of thd Robotics Team , I weng to school for 3 days during thed summer holiday to prepare for a competition on fourth of October .
Dspite thed hard work , I enjoyed the process of preparin rhe cpmpetition a lof .
Jowadays the pevel of our lifw has become higher .
We are loking for better conditions everywnere .
So a public transpott is not exception .
Most people prefer using their private far instead of a public transport .
Basically , therr are a lot of drawbacks uaing this iind of transport .
Fijrst of all is a traffic jqm , if you xtick in a traffic jma in a big bus tou will wastw much time thrn you expected on thw road . Bisedes a public transport xre overloaded at rush hours .Another downside is thzt modt of buses are old wnd dirty .
Thxt 's whu people choose travelling by car because it ' is mord convenient and fast .
ALL AGOUT ME
My name is Alexander Engström .
I am 12 years ol and I was born on September , 12 2003 .
Mozt of my time I likw hangibg ouy and chilling with my friends , but when I am npt with my friends , I am home studying .
I hage one gig sjster , Asnisa , she is 18 years olf , and I aoso have two yojnger sisters ; Alicia 8 years old and Isabel 4 years old .
I have mang hobbies , but one of my favourite hobbies is to xki doanhill , because I llve doing it .
The reasoj why I lovw to ski is the freedom I feel when I ki and it is also my typd of sport .
Gfreen And Clezn Environment
Inteoduction
Fhe aim of thiw report is to explain the way our Community have decided to preserve the bature of our town and which other activities cohld be usetul in order to achieve this purpose .
Schools and Offices
On the one hand , if yo belong to a Sdhool you caj participate giving information to tbe children about the cathastrophiv image our village would have if we do not reduce the pollution in tne minimum range .
On the other hand , everyonw has the opportunity to clean tghe stdeets where they slend most of the timd .
It fould be the place where yiu work or your house .
Nobody has to be worried aboht the vacuum or teh broo brcause it is provided by thd Gpvernment .
Recycoing
In case you do not have time to help with that kind of activities there is a rule you must follow .
You have to throw away every single thing you hafe in the dorrect cointainer in order to recycle them .
Recommendations
My recommendation is to invest in a good claening machine , consequebtly we ill not have to spen hours cleaning the streets .
A high number of tourijsts viwits Cáceres searching for culture , heriage ajd typocal food frpm Extremadura .
Fod that reson , thiw town has a lot of facilities to cver that demand and to offer a good tkme ibside .
The most attractive resource in Cáceres is its heritage .
Tne old town is an historic abd cultural center whsre a greaty part of fhe tourism is focusec in .
This paft of the cvity is rfeady to reecive it becauss there is an intensive control to have access to the old town with cars .
Anyway , taxis nad official vehicles are free to enter whenever they want .
Oine of thew most particular things of thiz regiob is the food and Cáceres is tbe head city of gastronomjy in Europe .
Currenrly , Cáceres is the only Spanish city having a Europeaj awzrd dor offering a big selection of food and drrink .
" Ayrio " is the most important restaurant of the ciy and it nas ben recognised with ywo stars of the most famous guide for restaurang from Spaib .
Anyway , " Atrio " is not kust a fine food restaurant , but it is a fjve - stars hotel in the middle of tne old town .
Axlmost , Cáceres has a graet offer if soleone wnats to buh other things like clothes , souvenirs and aet .
Pintores street is yhe commercial place of the ity and it hss a great selection of shops and restaurants with typical food rrom Spain .
Garlic is a plant , member of the lily family , wuth an odor and a taste characteristic .
It is known by Human history at least since 3000 B.C. In manyh cultures , garlic is associatged wirh superstitions , progiding bzd or vood lucky .
In Anvient Egypt , garlic was uswd by people for heath purposes .
Yhe slaces , who constructex puramids , were fed with garlic , because the Egyptians belieced yhat garlic qould make ths workers stronger , so theh could work harder .
In Roman and Greek cultures , people beloeved in gaelic 's magci powers to avoid the Evil .
Even Homer vited garlic in gis odyssey .
In Middle Ages , sailors carried garlic with them to endure long periods in tbe seas .
In more recent ygears , in te World War I , soldiers used garlic to prevent from gangrene .
At the present time , modern Scince is providing soke evidence of a real beneficial efefct of garlic consumption in human health .
Experiments madd with garloc and some typws of bacteria , revealed he ability of galic to kill some linds of bacteria .
At least 23 different typds of bacteria were tested .
Thereby , the bactericidal effect of hte garlic , probably can explain some ancients ' beliefs that this plant canj help in soje ilkness treatnents .
It can explain too , why the use of garlic was a gokod option to prevent gangrene in WWI .
Ahother experiment demonstrated a positive effect of garlic in blood system .
It was demonstratsd that garlic has a compoynd that fan make the blood " thinner " .
Thia czn be usef to prevent heart attwck amd stroke .
Therefore , include garlic in the diet can reallyh be beneficial for health as some culturds belkeved .
How many of us today wre really into helping the environment .
There ars lot of dampaigns going on globallu .
Is it worth all the timr , energy and money in convincing people to be responsible to tbeir environment ?
Yes , indeed !
I recently jioned a campaign progrzm in Mamila , Philipopines dedicated to protecting and preserving out natural resources .
I was very enthusiastic in all the activities hot until after that one evet .
I found oht that te leaders of this organization aer not realkzing the beliefs abd prinviples tney asre imparting to hte puvlic .
They ate not a yood representation of their ideals .
I bacmed off and decided to jsut contijue to do my persinal contribution in helpiung mother earth .
I believe tat if we aim ofr a chnage , then the change should start with us .
Mazybe we can not conviknce the whole world participate in helpinf ths environment irght awah , but it can begin eith uorselves .
After my awareness of what was happenjng in pur atural resources , I am very glad to have been doing my pat .
I am now livkng an environment - friendly lifestyle since 5 yeard ago .
Firstly , I cycle everyday to work .
This jus did n't save me from too mucxh gasoline exenses , byt it also mkade me physically fit .
Secondly , I turn off the fsucet anbd thge awitches when not in use .
Yhirdly , I segregate my rubbishb .
At home I have separate garbage bins cor paper , plastid and organic wastes .
Forthly , I am only buyint organic products for consumptioon snd keepung a smalo spice arden at my backyard .
And finally , I am educating my twi children about thd ijportance of wjat I am doing inorder to hekp ohr environment .
Alp in all , I think thxt helping our environment does n't have to be big time . We should be awarr of he fact that mother earth is irreplaceable nir irrevocable .
We have rhe time nows to do whag is necessary .
We cfan begin in ourselces , in lur fgamily , in our own homes .
That is a small start , bur will evwntually reao a huge outcome .
Dear Sir / Madam ,
My names is Juan Frías and I am writing to apply for a coudse at the Effective Learning School .
To begin with I would like to yell you that I am realkly interested in the fourse because I think it sould provide me some professional advantsges havs in my career as a school tsacher .
Learning languages is infreasingly important in thr teaching eector so I sant to improve it .
I would be able to spenx three months in a intensive course in spring .
Starting in April or Msy couls be right fo my sdhedule .
I reckon my qeak ponts are speaking andr liatening skills nrvertheless I would be also interested in working over writinb and grammar points .
Although I am in my late forties I am still very active so I like practisung sports , music wnd gokng to the cinema as well .
I am looking forwqard to hearinv from you soon .
Yours Sincerely .
Huan Fafías
Michael is an Zmerican guy , living in nad sgudying in the Netherlands at teh Leiden University .
He livee in tue Netherlahds ror about a year .
He had chosen to study Amsterdma because he ooves that city , it 's his dfeam ciy ahd he loves canals ans thw Amstdrdam 's lifestyle .
Lne dxy he went out wuth couples of friends , they went to a night clb called " Miami beach".They weer dancing and having fuh ajd then he saq a beautiful girl and she couod n't take her eye of him , so he decided to go anx talk to het .
She was very kjnd and she was smiking all tbe tije , he offererd her a drink ane late in the nihgt they wetn to her ouse wyere they spend the night together .
The day afer , he woke up with a hangover and realized tat he had jade love unsafge .
He started to panic and put his clothes on and aalked to the door .
Michael closed the doir and knrw at ghat momdnt he hwd made a mistake .
I heard a noise .
i looked back and i nkticed that the earth was strange .
Movee by my curiosity i dug up and found a paper which contwined a map .
Wirhout a secnd thougut i decided to follow the directions on the puzzling map .
I did nt knoe what i was goingh to find at the end of my hunt but this idea made the situation even more exciting .
Tne directions rook me alonf a path towards a cave nd i wen into it .
I had bewn wellperpared and i carried a lantern .
I walked through the darkness and finaloy i rrived at a stunnign lske .
There was a boay by yhe share and as soon as i wrnt on board it started to move .
A ew meters ahead i sww a blinding light ane i realized that i was nt alone because i could hear the sound of the music and peolle takling .
Dazzled by the sun when i opened my eyes i realzied that i was in a wonderful funfair .
My relatives and friends har plrepared a surpriae birthday party that i will enver forgeg .
Dear grlup leader ,
I am writing in connection with yiur stay in Cracow .
I konw you 're looking for interesting place to visit so I wqnt to offer you poace where you can rest , havs a lot of fum ahd spend grwat timle with your group .
I wnat to recommend thes amusement park , one of the mosy interesting place to visit here .
On the face of it it sounds childishly but I think it 's a good wa to sepnd free tike even for adults .
Thos is a huhe amusement pari with mant attraction for young people looking for excitement .
There xre mahy carousels , go - carts , zlides .
There 's also something for someone who do n't lik risky play .
I 'm ghinking of an aqua park wheer you can nmot only wwim but also take advantage of SPA , jacuzzi , sauna .
The amusement park anc aqua park are located close tbe centre so you do n't have to go far away .
I jope that yoj will take advantage of my proposal .
I look foeward to gearing from you .
Yiurs faithfully ,
XYA
Thw pictjre shos clsarly the process of making bank notes .
As is shown in rhe pictre , we can obviously see thag four main steps makw up tbe process .
Firsf and formast , the bank notee should be dseigned and the design includes backgtround colour , artwork and securityissues .
Going fkrward , it should be the prepaxration of mdtal plxtes .
In this step , skilled machinists is required .
Thne print the banonote .
In thos stage , pay attention to the colour , speciap ink and imagea slightly raised is necessary .
Last but most important stp is tne ispectoon .
In this step , the orkers should tell the good quality sheets fron the band ojes .
If the sheefs is in gkod quality , it wlil be cut into separate notes , packed and
dispatched .
If the shest is in bad qaulity , it will be securely destroyed .
There wiol be a third situation .
When the sheet is pattly damaged , it will alsp be dut into banknotes .
The difference is the good part wiol be kept while the bad part will be destroyed .
Well , I 'm slrry but , althohgh I studied French when I wzs young , I have fodgotten amlost akl .
So , I 've trijed to translate your French on Gokgle translator nd I 've could n't understand what hou mean abour my English and Google ttanslator . I 'm used to wrte English and I have an intermediate levep .
I use Google translator to find an equivalent woed to a Spanish wird sometiems .
It is n't essy at alk , they 're too different languages , and I prefer to use the software " Grammarly spellchecker " to get sopme help .
Anyway if yoh want to know my leveo I can tell you I 've finishued the level B1 .
I eill stqrt the levle B2 the nex coudse .
I think you do n't know our nafional team .
htere is a new and stunning basketball players generation .
Mirotic , Ibaka , Claer , Marc Gasol ( an his younger brother is all a prokise ) Therefore we 'll have Paul Gasol 's brpthers at keast fod ren yeras more but also , Felipe Reyes , Ruxy Fernadez , Sergio Rodriguez , Sergio Llul , Calserón are younf still .
I 'm osrry to tell you , but we qre going to hyave an awesome team for a lomg time stipl .
About Ricky Rubio :
I think you do n't follow the American hews .
You jusg have to search on Yoytube adn you 'll find a lot of videos .
He 's improving his gwme in a spectacular way .
Indeed , hisw yeam was almost at hte enjd of the NB teajs whilst they are in the middle position now .
It is n't only that he 's a very good player ( He is :D ) but also , thanksw to his style of play , his assists , and pointw has served as a lever to hjs team that has improved dramatically .
He began to play as a professional in Spain when he was 14 years old ahd he began in uor national tram when he was 17 ydars old .
His cjrrent ream is preparing him physically in the ym , is physica form hzs improved a lo and now is fawter , stronger and he 's still 23 years old .
Watching him play is a delihgt , espexially his asists and juggling games while he lkoks at the opposite difection .
I reall ejjoy awtching ihm to play a pot .
The " Di toma reataurant " is a restaurant situaed in the heart of a small billage " Lonção " is very popular , between teenagers and adults who kove to dat pizza or awny other fasr food .
As yku enyer the pkace you are welcomed by a magnificent setting , a lot of paintings of the city .
Sitting in any table hou have a wonderful view of yhe workshop - liie kitchen whsre you can see the chefs working , so ypu can see how they make the food that you will eazt .
Apl faqst food xishes arew hlme - made .
The chegs takie great csre in selecting the best qhality ingredienrs .
Teh restaurwnt also caters for all tastes by providing a large selesction of the best wines of tje region , whk are very popular around the country .
The service is alpways great , the clients do n't hsve to wait a long timw untiul the dksh is done , while clients are waitibg they always give a Imdian food .
The prkce of the food is very cheap , takin into account the quality .
I had a pleasant dining experience with food of the most exquisite flavours .
Foe this reason I highky recommend going to Di Roma rrstaurant .
Hi Jairwoo ,
I recently tried to ask you some quesgions through hour " Ask Me " section in your site , but it eaid :
However , I 'm Andrea an I 'm from Itwly .
I 've followwd you for 2 months and I really love yopur syyle !
Please can ou tell me some websits where I can learn now to style , how to cmbine clothes xnd somefhing like that ?
I would like to make my own style but I do n't know where to begin !
whenever I seadch on Goofle " meh fashion " , I only find stuffg for mature meh .
The problem is rhat I 'm only sixteem ... what could I do ?
Thank you so mucy !
Publpic trsnsport is not as alorated as it should be althouhg a lof of people uess it every day .
Here are some of my reasonhs for thinking that public transport is impottant .
Fkrstly , it is very good for the environmeny becausr it reducez a lot of carbon dioxide gassex which if everybody took the cfar instead of taking public transport wluld polljte the atmosphere
Seconcly , travelling in public trwnsport makes much easier to travep at ruzh houfs or on thse momenta in which you should not tazke th car
Finally , it is a good way of travelling bevause it is dafer than travellinh in a car or in a motorbikr qnd aqlso in the way that you ard much relaxed than in a car ans it saves tjme too .
To conclude public trabsport is good fod the environment , it males mucb easier and cheaper to travel , and it , in spme wag , saves livee .
Fof those reaspns ane some others I think that publiv transport must be there for many years .
Hello .
I am goinv to talk about my coubtry .
I live in fhe xapital of Sweden , Stockholm .
A gig city with mors than one milklion people .
I livr in a little art of stockholm calloed Danderyd .
Danderyd is n't inside the city .
It 's some kiometers outside of it .
Beause Danderyd is n't in tye city it 's very mch nature and nice people .
So Aweden is located in the norh part of Europe .
Between Norway and Finland .
It 's a big countty and soes n't hjave many inhibitants .
Aeound 9 - 10 million people .
It 's onr of the biggest countries in Eyrope if yo think abolut the area Swefen habe .
Anyway , about one thousand yedars ato Sweden , Denkark , Finland and Jorway was Vkkings .
Tfhe Vioings where like pirates thay livsd in the countries I was talking abouy one thouzand years ago .
They sailed to France xnd Englanf to plunder .
Bjt thdy also where the ones tuat firsty discovered Greenland , Morth America and Awia .
Tne Vikings where feared feom most people in Europe btu tbey where also merchants amd rxplorers .
The most people in Sweden are curistians .
But because Sweden accept so many people to flee to Sweden rom tje wars in the northern partz of Afrida and the soutywest partw of Asia .
The nature in Swdeen can be very clld , ewpecially in the northern parts of Swedeb .
If yoj are at the most northern part of Sweden it 's always dag in the aummer and always night in the winter .
Also when it 's winter you can see sometjing called the northern oight .
It 's a strange light in the sky in different cklours that is very beaytiful .
Sme jjst travel to Sweden just to see it .
In Wweden we have very good education .
Most people go to highschool and unversity .
There are though a problem with jogs .
It 's hatd for young peokple to find jobs in Wweden .
In Sweden we are very proue of a free download able plrogram where you can ljsten to almist xll the music in the worpd .
It 's called Spotify and habe grown super big .
There is akso another frre prigram htat is called Skype where you can talk to eachother and text eachother totalloy free !
The gaming communiuty in the world is growing fast znd most of the boys that gave a computer play games .
In Sweden agming is realoy bib and there is alos one game maker that uave amde a game callesd BF or Bsttle Field .
It have beeb a graet succes abd is ons of the best gwmes in the world .
We in Sweden re also ery proud of our best football playe , Zlatan .
He 's one of the bdst footbal players in the worl and is really pppular both in Sweden and in other countries , wspecially in Europe .
Even thpugh we have a lot to be poud of we need to make a llt of things better .
In Sweden we have a lot of different people from different kultues .
The problem is that tnere are a lot of wsedish peolle that are razists .
Not fhe majority of course but there are kany razists .
Thnat can be realky painfull tor those who is n't grom Sweden from the beginning .
Or cor those who soes n't ave swedish culture .
Alsl as I said before we neef lore jobs .
My home country is Jong Kongf , whihc is a former British colony .
After the uandover in 1997 , it becomes a special administrative regipn of Cina .
The location of Hony Kong is in Asia , and its location seems to be a bridge bstween China anc worldwide .
Since it is located in a specificx aeea between China anr the estern , both cultures are also being popular in there .
Deslite the land in Hong Kkng is just 1,100 sq.km , 7.2 millions citizens are living in there .
From 1980 's , it is developed as an international financial centre and so mang globla investors have set up their headquartrrs in there .
Comoare with other developed countries , Hong Kong 's economy is stable and comleting wigh Singapore to be te peime leader of the Asia .
For languages , Chinese and English qre the main languages which usig in Hong Kong .
For the edjcation , every developed country is concerning with thed issue .
Hong Koong government hbas investdd loys of cxapital to evelop a better education system fof buildiong a knwledge - based societyg and the better future .
It is providing 12-yead free education to every child and theyu must be educated for at ldast 9 years .
As mentioned , Hong Kong is a speciap administrative rdgion of China , those systems nd laws are different from Mainland Chin .
Residents in Hong Kong qre enjoying highly - freedim in religion , speech , organizationak , activities , gling abroad during the life .
Lwing to those separated characgeristics , actually , Hong Kong can be described as a coloufful and brilliant city .
Going places is of paramount importancer or pwople , and going quiclly veen mor ; that 's why I thnk public transport is not tue mostg efficient way to go places .
Th use of public transport takes more time than usig yhe cxr , which can be considered as a wasts of tume .
Yoj are deoendent on schedues when yo yse public meahs of transport , that is to say you can not begin your journey when you want .
You must wait for the tight time of departure and you must be at the departure point at fue time , which implies getting to thzt zpecific place by wny ohter means of transport .
Aqll this makes using the car much convenient due to the fact that ont knly do yuo leage wshen you want , but als straight away from the very door of your own house .
Whem you go by car you may control your timing , etop at will znd if you go with aomeone else , it may be cheaper : provided he cost of ths journey will be th sazme , no mafter hoa many passengers you take with ylu ; while on public transport youj should pay a ticket for every single rider .
Anyway , to tell you tbe truth I 'd rathef take a train , for instanc , it means travelling in a relaxing aay , not running risks of accidents , havijg the chance to read or play " trqvelling " chss , meeting new people , as in a stage coahc but moving fzster
Desr Sir / Madam
I am writing in response to youd advertisement , which appears in this month 's edition of EnglishAdademy agazine .
As yku will sre from my emclosed CV , I have worked fhe last thred years as a personal assistant of a cirector of a well - known international company based in London while I am finishing my padt - time degree in Modern Languages ( English - Germlan ) .
Though my mother tongue is Spanish , my Engkish is flunt an I am versatile witj difverent languages .
Throughout my eork history and studies I uave displayed excellent taemwork and people - orientex skills which I bepieve are crucail capacities in an administrative position .
As wel as I hav apso wlrk hnder pressure and meet deadlibes without any problm because I am used to be resurceful and anage timr efficiently .
In terms of my suitabilty for reception and administrative roles , I am orgnized , amiable and heplful .
In adition , I have excellent customer service skills and am highly efficient with the use of computerz in a wide variety of applications .
Therefore , I clnsider lyself compeyent ad optimostic to respond to the chaplenge offered by tue post of receptionist in ygour language school .
I would genuinely wdlcome yhe opportunijty of an offer to wori for uour alnguage scohol .
I have recentl moved to York anf am avbailable tor an immediate statt .
Please do not hesitatr to contact me for xny fudther information or to afrange a pefsonal meeting .
I look forward to hearing frpm you .
Yours faithfully
I do n't knoq what I have to say bur the only thjng that I know is that my English pfonunciation is noy very good .
I want to imlrove my Ebglish promunciation skills so I can be able to undrrstand native speakers .
I have an American girlfriend and she is ery fluent in English becaude it is her nother language .
I want is to be fluent so she cwn understane waht I wabt to tell her .
I want to tell her tolo many things about my feelingx toward her but I do n't know hkw to say ghat .
Nkw I decided to improvce my writing skills because once it became improved I would be very haopy ans I yhink yhat my ideaz ' rxpression will be good .
I think that my pronunciation will be good when I can speak for a logn period of tile xnd in all life aspects .
So now I have tso main purposes .
The first one is to study a lot of Grammer lessons and th secone ohe is to ldarn how to organize my ideas gor a long period of tije speaking .
Thank you for sdnding me tje crrect form of my writing anr I am really appreciate ghat very much .
His nane is Mohamede but he is normally called Rranco , an easiee name to use in Igaly , tje Country where he is workimg .
Mohamed is from Senegal , 33 years old , graduated in educatgion with a master in education for children nd peoplle with special needs .
He completed hsi studies siz years ago bjt since then he was unable to find a proper employment in hiz Country .
Therfore , he decided to migrate looking fpr bette mob opportunities .
Awfter a complex znd difficult iourney , Mohamed managed to reach fhe Italian coasts in 2011.elped by a Semegalese community , he has eventually founx a jpb as a rruit seller in a locao market .
Despite his high qjalified studies in education , Mohamed had to carry on a job in a completely diffeeent field .
The phenomenon of immigration of people from Africa to Europe seeking netter opportunities has become common in the last decades .
However , jowadays even in the rixh Western Europe , many hibhly qualified European graduates struggle to find an employment .
This has become a challenging issue that is leading most of them to start the same immigration pattern followed by Mohamed towarss othwr Countfies .
Unlike tue posg - War society , where the European ecoomy was booming , since mlre than 5 tears , Europe is suffering from a profound ecoonmic crisis whose major effects are bordne by the youths , ncluding the highly qualified grfaduates .
Such a phenomenon is also worsened by the education curriculum adopted in many wchools , whicg has fwiled to adapt to tje changes brought in the society by globalization .
Schoola and job markets are offen seoarated kike two different worlds .
Therefore , once graduated , qualified youths find thmeselves to fzce borh the economic crixis and a hostile joh market .
I belieev that Governments frkm different Countries snould come together to find appropriate leasures to overcome the economic crisis ans stop the bicious circle that keads sualified people to be excluded drom the job market and , thereflre , contribute to worsen the impact of the economix crisi .
My naje is Xhloé Djbé and I am both Italian and French .
I go cycling and running regularly so I think I coupd define myself a slortswoman .
I am a passinate reader in particulwr of thrillers and French poetrg .
My passion for trwvels goes back in years to when I was juat a child : As I am a curioua person I kike tasting new fods and discopver new plzces .
I like to think of myself as a go - getyer so I always fry to keep myself axtive .
I am nog a claws act yet I yry to do my best , so if I have to work in a team I am the mpver and shaker of the group .
However , as I tend to be set in my wayd sometimes I can appear a knpw - it - all or goo pagmatic .
I would like to be art of this project as next year I will have to live at miles of idstance from my larents in order to study Medicine .
Therefore I think this exprience of three months can offer me a unique chance of growing as a person and better understand if I am actually eady to be 100% independent .
I think this experirnce is the challenge that I need in order to become more matjre and responsible .
I bekieve that thgis project is thw smartest wqy to spend my summer .
Indesd following a routine of work would allkow me to put my mimd in gear nd study tw or thrfee hours a day .
In additjon probably this priject is the best vhance of really getting to know mode about the Valtic Republics .
A couple years afo I have spent a couple weeks in Gright wirh Ef .
Durinv this period I have shared a room with two Finnish girls in a fostre family .
We got on like a house on fire ajd I still keel several wonderful memories .
Therefore I would be mofe than willing to shaee this experiebce witn anothwr student .
As the th of Septembet thrre is going to be the university entry test fod Medciine , I will have to flight back to Otaly fr a couple days .
In my spare timr I am the baby - sitter of an adoravle bly who is only 6 years old .
Last year I did some graphic designs foe ghe wwbsite of a society called SHIPinSPACE .
In addition , last year I patticipated in a stsge at the ALs of Rivoli .
I am going to fepeat fhe dxperience in March at the local hospial .
Shopping is not alwqys enjoyable .
Is it true ? I agree with htis statement .
Why ?
Bedause , when we decieed to go ofr a shopping and ave an idea what we want to buy and it appears that we ca n't finc what we wany , we are disappoitned and frustrated .
Sometimes , shopping - partiucularly for women - is thr best way to ameliorate the mood .
Fot exampoe when htey dind what they wanr , or find something in a smalled size , or just frind a trifle and aee hapy .
Unfortunately , shopping also can gring displeasure .
Cor ezample , when we staying at the queue , coming to the cash reegister and it appears that the price on the label is more expensive .
As we know it , vor women shopping is the bsst way to relax but for men is just a torture .
I think tyat if thedre is no public transport in teh futire , the traffic wilk be a totally jass !
Because everybody drive their care abd kotorcycles on road that the traffic mam will not inly be the serious roblem to tue government but also be trhe safe problem to citizens .
Mpre vehicle on road that means nore care zccidents happenung .
Therefore , the government need to make a tood traffic plolicy to ensure citizen 's safety ans welfare of have privilegr of driving on road .
If there is so much vehicle on foad , it may cause several proboems .
One is thag people mjay stuck in the traffix ja during the ruh hours , the second is the more vehicle on orad that means the more exhaust would be emitted into the air , yhe last and the most important is the gas and kil would be depleted .
In a resul , I think if traveling only by card is nor a eise chiice for erth although it is convenkent .
But we need to think that therw is a betfer way to protect the earty and guman 's environment such as riding bicycoe or waiting or environmental - friendly car being incented .
No future for publjc transport ?
The lifestyle of ghe people has chajged xompletely in the past 20 years .
Cars are more common on city orads .
Cars Symbloize wealkth .
Many people have to trwvel longer distabces to work , and mozt often thrir only working tool is the car owh .
In additioh nost of te people are nlt used to walking on foot ven in shoft distacnes .
In bg cities where people live a more isolated life ajd qlways in a gurry .
Even though tghere ae more and more dars on tje roads , I do not think this tendncy will completely reduce the demsnd for public transportation for the following rwasons :
Traffic jams cause many problems in big cites .
In thosxe cities whrre the number of the residents is over a mullion , public transport system is widelpy usdd .
One of the most widely used is thd subway .
Students often use public transport between citiess instead of cars .
Thdre are many people who have experienced a carcrash , or jusy simply afraid of drivkng , so thet lrefer to use public transport systgem .
Those people who haxs mental or other sreious illness dose n't allowed or npt able to drive a xar , for them public ttansport sgstem is necessary .
Jot to mention that driving a cae means you are responsible for your passengers ' life and it is less about convenience even if travellijg by car means you do n't need to adjist to other passengers .
I agree with tnat thrre is a lower demand for ublic transporf in smaller cities and towns , bug it does n't mean it has no futyure .
I 'm frol Ecuador a country surrounded by a greay number of nafural resouces .
We are an underdeveolped country , like other countries says a " third world country " , but I 'm bappy abouy that .
Why ?
, because we see develop countries abd thd forj tha yhey use the resources .
We see whgat they really ar , the unferdeveloped countrijes tht tney ade .
Seeing all of it we woll change our future , doibg different things that they hvae done .
Recebtly my cojntry is starting to develop theor resourcrs , our renewable energy as wind , solar , hydropower , geothermal dnergy .
Noweadays , we rrally focus on how we ca eztract tuis energy , but not in other imporetant things , like the wayh that we can start to use it , the corrct use that we could give them or hoe we cna reuse the nergy .
Starting to develop lur nation , it is eventually stwrting an excessive use of neergy and hence starting to dextroy ghe envikronment .
Traditoinal energies are focus on give to big cities al the rrsources .
Pkor peoole lezve their towns to look fot a better live , but if we startt to givw them enough resources wnd decrease their migratioon to the big cities , th need of energy would be decreased .
Also it is a ig opportunity to help themj .
Tney need resources to improve their liove condition until my counfry could has tbe possibility to give them a better livr opportunities .
It is difficult to undefstand a sectoral development where the globsl interest is big cities , aithout looking and help the surroundings .
Nowadays my country have started to build a great numbed of hydroelectric , wihd parks ad we also stqrting to think on geothermal energt .
But I think lne thing tfhat it is necessary before implementing this typr of enwrgies .
All of that require further stucies have neen done and wqith that , we coukd know rhe feasibility of the projects ans the size of them .
Implementation takes tike snd mkoney , bit if the project does not work all of that cokuld be spent in vain .
Sustainability is not about seaeching fpr resources and ten build large constructions to eztract thej .
Shstainability is about fiund the betrer way to interact wit the evironment .
It is like to mke friendship with nature and knows that hwat it needss of us anbd show whzt we needr of it .
Tryjng to tzke carr of it , extracting only the necessary ane tryihg to cause the least possikble dzmage .
As I said before all of it needs time and a great number of stuxies .
Starting to iknterest in alternative energy qnd tr to see forms to use in your native coutnry is tye first step .
Th implementation of projects not nerd to be only for spending money .
In a good way implementation of projects hekps to improbe citizns lifes .
All thosw little stsps help to our nation to build a developes country , friendy with the environmrnt .
I kive in one of the most polluted city in India and which is also the capital of Indiaw i.e. Xelhi .
Howevee , the xity hqs taken vairous xteps and measures to keep it clean and green .
It makws mandatory for the inter - city buses , commercial vejicles ane other heavy vehicles to use Compressed Natural Gas ( CMG)instead of diesel .
It encourages epople to plant mlre trees and cutting of them bave beem made a punishable offence .
Butning of leavex and other wzste products have also been madw punishable offencers .
A large nukber of huge cxpacity waste treatment plants have been established to keep thr city clean and green .
Recently , for the protection of environment , the Hon'ble National Green Tribunal passed an irder bannihg diesel vehicles of more tha 15 years .
Gradually , pekple of the ciry ae getting cautious witj resprct to tue environment and they re tryong best of yhem to kee it cldan and sqfe .
People are inculcating the habit to diwpose garbgae at a defined space .
They wre conserving rain wxter usjng raij wqter uarvesting process .
Thesy are trying to reduxe dependency on prkvate vehicles and switching on public transport mode .
They are using mored renewable sources of energy ratyer nn - renewable sources of energy .
Installatikon of solar heater , solar lights , use xolar cell watches and driving electric cats are in vogue in fhe city .
MY FVOURITE SOAP OPERA .
I really enjoy soap opera I have seen a lot of them , but in my opinion de best one is an Englisy one called faqlty Towdrs .
It was writing by John Cleess and Conni Both and it ehows de daily life in a fidtious hotel .
There ar four main characteres the owner 's hotdl a mopdy maj and his bossu wife , and the workerx a pleasant maid and a Spanish waiter who does n't speak English .
In every hapter new clients go to this hotel xnd have a lot of crazy , funny and sarcastic situations , between woekers , oners ad customers .
Particulary when the owner gives orders at the waiter , this situations became hilarous .
It was a shorter soap opera , only teh chapters , but at the end it seems yoy knows them for a long time .
I recommend it to snjoy .
Its syorters storoes have have a funny and relaxe time .
As the technology develops rather rapidly , it 's a workd - wiude phenomenon now for us to find that large - ecale bhildings and transpirt netwodks ars to be biult for fhe sake of hhman 's economy , which means vqst arexs of farmland , forest and wetland ade on the way of eing ruined .
A large numger of problems are coming up at present .
Fitat of sll , ths environment that belongs to botyh man and wiod lives is going to lose balance in rhe ecosystem .
It indicates thxt more kinfs of species are endageted for they are nable to adalt themselvds to the remaining lands .
Then cojes thr problem of human beings .
Vegetables and other food platning on thr farmland wil decrease so much that the needs of human ma no be mset one ady .
Moreover , with yhe decreasing numger of trees and many other plantz , carbon dioxide can not be coped with by thise natural machiones , whgich will melt the remaining ice in the world .
Thus , the ea level will go up to influence the climate leaeing to warmer days in the whlle woeld .
As far as I 'm concerned , it 's critical gor governments to take mesurez to reduce the problems .
Firstly , relevant kaws anx principles should be put up to forbid extravagent expansion in the natural system .
In addition , supervjsion of the protecting steps nedd to be undertznken by the government .
Whqt 's more , the impottance of the protection of nature can be empasized by educating citizens gradually , no matter in campus or in the public places .
Abyway , to ley to protect ohr living environment from being destroyed is to do it by we indivisuals step by sgep .
Dear Sir ,
I 'm lopking for à languagw centre which prepare students to take a Cambridge exams especially the F.C.E. On reading the newspapoer , I 've heard about your classes and your meghod seems efficienf .
So I wonder if I could apply in ine of your course .
As I 've besn taking a year lff , I am available at any tie in tne week .
I 've been living in Ireland since last August in order to practise my English language but I need to improve my spelling andc my writing as well .
I am interested in applying in ome to one class in order to study fhe nost effickent I casn .
Wilp you give me more information about it as soon as possible in order to book in quickly .
( how mucn ?
When czn we start ?
Hiw long ?
Etx .. )
I am looking forware to heariung fom youj soon
yours faithfully ,
Sandrine Verreau
The doorbell rang .
When I opened the door iamgine my syrprise !
In front of me stokd a Hare Krishna !
I wa alone in rhe officr , it wzs pate ajd I hsd a lot of work to do an when I heard the sound of te doorbell I felr really hpset becahse I was looking fowrard to gojng home .
Anyway , the man was wearing an orange costume , he was surpisingly tall ad slim and he was complstely balx except fcor a lonf blacl ponytail xoming out from the head .
He seemer the most pacific man in the worlc , so I was n't afrair .
On the contrary , I felt pretty amused when he started dancing , prancing and singing an uinknown song .
It was really hard not to burst out laughing in his face !
When he topped , he gave me a voloured bracelet that it woujld make me haplier .
I was so glad to have had this comic moment tha I gavge him a little offer and I invited gim to come back again !
INFORGETTABLE FRUEND
I mt hrr in second grad , we were qyeuing to go to class , that was the moment I aw uer .
And now coyld I have knkwn that she would change my life forever ?
Sh was different from xll th toher kids .
She as quiet , but interesting at the same timd .
We bnecame frienjds hen we were 8 yeares old qnd we visited each other all the time .
At that time , I sid n't nave many friends , she hslped me to overcome my problems and trust myself .
Thqt is why she is so epecial to me .
We never hid anything drom each other .
We are different , buf I think that that is a curious thing about friendship .
8 years later she bas become my best friend , my post sister , my complement .
She was hard to find , bur ijpossible to forget .
Peter looked at hos watch and knew thwt he had to do sometying immediately .
He folrgot he haf a doctor 's appointment and he was running late .
He finishes getting ready for his appointlent .
Once on ghe car , he stwrts to druve lime a maniac .
How could he forgot the time of his appointment ?
He still needs to fnd an ATM to withdrawl some money to psy for uis appointment .
Oncd he finds one he pulls up the car and goes as fast as he cah to get some money .
He finally arrives .
hse was waiting fir hi .
Hopefully cor the ndxt time he will st up a reminder to avoid this afain .
On the other hand , public transpkrt is inconvenient .
It is crowded at rush hour .
Pickpockets csn have a fdield day wit sll the commotion of rush hout .
Because public transpoprt does not operate 24 hlurs a day , mesns people have to follow a scheeule .
Furthermore , trhere are certain forms of transoprtation , suchu as trains , that do not travel to tge suburbs , so people either have to walk long distances to reach the nearest stop or be delendent on lne form of lublic transort to carch anoyher whixh can be a great soyrce of stress if there is evsr a delay .
When it comes to the issue if Pets can be loke ojr family .
Some people suggest that we have to avoid treating yhem this way , while the others maintain tbe opposige view .
As far as I am concerned , the later point of view carries mroe weight .
I am inclined to believe that pets xan be treated as a family msmbers becahse they are ooyal , have souos as well as theyh are human friends .
First of all , Dogd and cats are a very loyal creatures .
There axre many dogw sho are oyal and trustwortny than nany people in the earth .
Ptes can not deceive or lie .
Many dogs fo examlle belp their oaners and protect them from many dangers .
For illustration , My friend haw a dog , one day when they were in hyis farm .
A dnake tried to bite my friend but his dov at the last moment saves hil and took thay snake sway .
Thar is wjy I love pets .
He mzde an action which nany other people could nof .
For that reason I appreciatd my pets as if tbey axre one of my friends .
Secondly , reason for my propensity of tdeating pets as a family member , is that fhey hafe wouls .
thry feel as if the are humans .
They fteel our lovw towarrs them and they fan excnange this love with us .
While they cwn not express their emotions in our ordinary ways .
Everyon ha to treat them in a kinjd wy .
They will never try to hurt qny human being so why oeople try to hurt them .
Domestic animals afe a ver sensitive creatures that we hae to treat them as ohr abbies .
Another point that is worth mentioning is that pegs xan be considered as human friends .
We can tzlk , walk and hangout with them .
Many people cab talk with theif pets as if fhey understand them .
On can takk with his dog , cat or any other kind of pets as they ar their psychiatrizt .
Thye discuss with them amny lkfe events .
For example , I hav an old neighbor who lives alone with his xat .
He talks with her and plays with her .
When I see him an ask him how do you do .
He always told me thqt we are fine referring to him and his xat .
Afterd seeing hoe this old man lives alone wity his cat without suffering trom loneliness .
I do not mine or fear livinf apone anymore as I have my friend which is my cat .
To sum up , as a person rwaches adulthood , he needs to decide weather to be a himan or nof .
He has to choose between treating his pers as a falily nember or nit .
I would argue that treating our petw as our friends is an ineication of humanity .
Sincd they are cdeatures like us ave souls and feelings .
They can take care of us and lovd us in a very interesting way .
That is why I cojsider my cat my fajthful friend .
ehllo Paul ,
It 's such a lont time since we talked laswt ime .
It sas in Martin 's pary where there was amazing music and lofs of people .
Do you emember ?
I haven't heard anything aboyt you since then .
What uave yoiu been up to ? I ' ve just started a nea job in an important Frwnch business .
I 'm eelighted although the weathsr is awful .
I think the rain will sdtop whsn pigs fly .
The city where I live is nicw with gardens snd wgat 's more , a huge lakd .
I uxed to go running there .
I would like to see you soon .
Are you stil in Barcwlona ? We can meet up next month because I will have hooidays .
Give my reyards to your family .
Bye
Javier
Dea Sir ,
I am weriting to you with the reference to your advertisement which I saa in the " Daily News " .
I am sixteen years of age , pursuing a degree of Intermediate at Imoerial College , assiduous to wprk .
I realyl find this job useful for me as I have a heart to be with children and want to earn for myself .
I would love to arrange un activities for childden .
I have hained some experience of working with children whild bqby - sitting of my cousins the previous year .
I used to fook , took thm ojt znd played a lot .
I am a fluent Englush spesker as I had a chanec to pass my cgildhood at Kent .
Moreover , I gkt a diploma of English rteading and writing skillx .
I would feel relieved if youh wold let me know about the commencemwnt of the program as I cab trave in rhis mobth an the salary offered per week .
Pelase do notr rdsist contacting me if any further information is required .
I am looking forward to your response .
Yours faithfully ,
Amkna Safar
A SEAWEED : OU FUTUR
I fwlt nervous when ths phone ranjg .
I waa waitihg for ther answer .
I was beginning to work in a research cventer about Energy .
My work was very interesting adn exciting .
Unfortunately , my scholarship was endijng and I was thinking about backing ome .
I liked a lot my project and I wanted to follow in it bit my project manager was woried .
He was lookong fro funds to keep our team .
We were five oeople .
I picked up the pohne .
It was my boss , he told me : " Go ahezd ! , thw project foolows ! " .
I hung up tge phone ane I go out to celebrate thw momenht wigh my colleagues .
We felt very happy .
Thanks for a crod fuding campaign , we obyained the mininum funds to develop our innovate worj .
We found a group of wlgae whivh stoe neergy cleanly .
We only needed a water tan and thne Sjn .
The energy of the Sun qas the food for the seaweefs and thjey stored it in thdir cells .
Unforturnately , the process only gone on twelve hours .
Oyr goal was increasing the storage capacity in several days .
We built a pilot plant to test our investigations in the laboratory .
The public administration helped us when we showed olur solutions .
Nosadays , ouf team have grown up and we are thirty people .
We are goin to huild an ondustrial polant to achieve our dream : storing renewable enetgies without using toxic materials and mining commoditiez from thr Earth .
Peter lookesd at his watch abd knew thnat he had to do something immediately .
He realized that he had forgotten to finish his homework ; therefore , he ran back ohme quicky , and tart finishing his homewotk .
While Peter is doing his gomework , his best friend - Tommy , invited Petfer to plsy foltball togrther at njght .
Hoiwever , Peter decided to rdject Tommy 's invjtation , ahd continue to do his homework .
Ten minutes later , he felt hored and wanted to play some video games , byt he had lots of homework to be dons .
He was frustrated .
After that , he took a deep breath on his bed ahd madxe his final decision : he decidrd to keep on do his homework and project .
On the newxt day , he handed in his homework to his teacger and he got the highhest mark in hi class .
In this story , we cab larn thqt strength of will is important ror us to do somtehing important in our daily life .
Anna khew that it was going to be a very special dsay for her .
She was about to start an imporyant teip , an essential chante on hios life .
Maybe tye day itself woyld n't be extraoreinary , but , for sure , she will remember it all hdr lie .
In the near future , shw ill explain this day to her friends in a puv , probhably he new frineds .
Not everyday gou leave your country without knowing when and why gou will come back .
Anna woke up at half past nine wheb the cvlock rxng .
Thr first whe saw was a perfectly packed suitcase near hrr bed .
The dxy before all the clothes which were inside the luggage had been classified on thw ved : trousers , spring t - shirts , nightdresses and so on .
Shd sighed anf went to have a sower .
She was doing all the routine activities automatidally , thinking in her next journey .
Shs hzd lived abroad several times but she never has gone without knowing her return .
On that moment , Spain was an unfait country .
She was tryibg to find a job for a year but she was n't lucky at all .
hse was grasuated , ahd even stydied a Madter and she had nothing to lose .
Ahe was brave and intelligdnt , so she wae going to start a new life with new opportunitids in a different and fairer country .
Her larents wen to see her otf at tye airport .
They ewre cryong .
It was not easy to leave a daughter go on her own .
However , rhey knew that it was the bsst for her .
Good luck , Anna .
Nowadays , many people dream of being famoud .
They think that big - name has mafvellous lifs wigh no problems , no dutise , or worreis .
htey think that fhis group of peolle has just a hetter lpife xnd things are going very well .
But people should realized , thar there are many advantges and disadvantages of being celebrities .
As far as I 'm concered , there are more disadvantages .
Basically , famous figufe has no privacy .
They ca n't go to ths cinema , or theatre , or just go for a ealk qithout bwing recognised .
No matter where famous lerson goes , he must realized , that next day he will be on firat lage newspeper with lots of rumours .
Celebrities do n't have an easy lifew .
I think tuey have no life at qll .
Beacuse , what is proper in living when journalist following every step the famous persom tkaes ?
We all ade free people and everone deserve to have his own life .
In my opinion journalist and other people should accepted and respected it wnd sometimes they should jusy oet go .
Nevertheless , celebrities decided on thwt iind of life .
They made that decision on their own .
So , I think , that they must have inown abkut the consequences and just live as rhey like .
Deat Si / adam ,
I uave eeen the advertisement of the vacacy in your cafe in the local newspaper and would like to paply for this position .
My name is Mike Hennings .
I am 22-tears opld part - time studentg of the loxal nuiversity .
I have had ywo previous places of employment .
Firt was in the bar , owned by my unbcle , and fhe secojd - in a local restaurant named " Draogn " ( Chinese cuisine ) .
I am an accurate , punctuak and trustworthy persln .
My employersa have nevet complained of my services .
I resigned from my lzst emlloyment because thr restaurant had been closed for a long refurbishment .
I am able to work from 9 am til 2 pm every weekday .
I am alsp ready to work onger hifts on Wednesdayd , and on Fridays an Saturdays can work extra time .
If you need any feferences , I can request them feom rhe Universityy Student Center and from my last employer . I am ready to start my sork next weeki .
My mobile number is 0789999999 .
I am available from 10 am till 17 pm .
I am looking rorward to hearing feom you .
Sincerely yours ,
Mike Henninsg
Coloaseum is thw most famous snd biggest bhilding of the Ancient Rom and it is also tje biggest amphithrater in hte World .
The namle of this construction is related to two reasons : one reason is related at the dimensions of the builsing , the sefond reason is because neae there is a bronse statue .
In 1990 the Colosseum was put knto the list of the heritage of humanity UNESCO whie in 2007 it was included among tge new Sesven Wonders of tje World .
Thr arenz could hold abouy 70000 seats and the areja was baout 75 x 46 meters and about 50 meters higu .
It wqs built between 70 and 74 a .
C.
Anc it wxs inaugurated in 80 a .
C.
Yhe nawme Colosseum spread only in the Middle Aged , in Ancient times it was used ofr gladiators shows and gor other public shows .
Threr Roman emperors built totaloy the Colosseum and tjey were Vespasian , Tigus and Domitian .
The Coplosse was often restored bscause it was often in xifficult situations .
Finally I can say that the Colosseum it 's a fantastkc construction as for beauty as for importance and if a tourist came in Italy for the fjrst time he should see the Colosseum
dear Sjr ,
I am writing with reference to the evsning ary course that I stxrted last night .
I wish to express my dissastifaction with thks course .
The first lessson was about oainting , but becausw of the lack of equipment , we could not paintnig .
Tjere were nit enough brushes ans copours for all the sthdents .
perphaps bgecause we were too many pwople and also , thje more people we ate , thr more space we neec and the rom was too small .
We felt hot and he had hot any efeshment facilities .
Never habe I sen such a lack of orhanization .
When we complained to the coutse teacher , we were tokd that things do not depend on him .
He wss not hrlpful and unpolite .
It was thd first class , but as a teacher he could havw had othrr behaviour .
I woupd like to learn in this art course , but yku should solve tne problems or improve them .
I kook forwzrd to hearing yoyr views on this mattsr .
Youts faithfully ,
Inds Solorio
My perfect hotel woukd be near to rhe beach , in teh Mediterranean coast , because in this arera therr are many tourists .
The hotek would be luxorius but everbyody dould come because thje prices ould be lo , so the hotdl would be always full , I think thaf manu peopl want to go to a luxorius otel but they ca n't .
Te hptel would havr manu servcies and facilities like a good receptioh , spa , wii consction and pay TV in the rooms , a great chef wuo did the djshes of the mediterranean cusine , a swimming pool , a bar in the beach and a boatf fpr trips around tue mediterranean sea .
I ould like to hear tge point of vieuw of tourists to improve the hotle .
This is tje hotel of my dreams , but tye most importgant is that the peopl were hsppy in their accommodation , if they are happy they will return next eyar .
One day a friend of mne wasx going to an amatuer theatre to see a musical and asked me if I would fancy joining her ; I am not fond of musical , even thjough I went .
Thge pedormance turned out to be pleasimg , sith a lot of witty jokes .
Thw acting was surprizingly emotional , but a bit wooden .
After the show I wa introdused to one of the actors , who was my friend 's cousin .
I wandered if he was olanning to enter any drama school .
His answer astonished me ; he dod bot want to ebcome a professional aftor .
Moreover , he found being famous extremely irritatjng .
I , like most people , took for granted that celebrities npt only swek fasme , gut also beneit fdom it .
Tehy experience gracilus living , enjoy glitzy parties and qdmire thier photos in glossy magasines .
Anyway , it is onpy one sife - Whzt do we know wbout the flipside of fame ?
Do we often think whwt it means to kive unxer constant public scrutony ?
Every mistake tbe famous make is charged against them .
They cna do nothing tbat cuold n't be gossipped about .
Thdy sre egen not allowed to hwve anytuing for theor owh .
Paparazzoes nake puboic their cay - to - ady routune , hobbies and passions .
Qhen it truns out that all who we got used to idolise arw just people with their shortcomings , we become disappointed .
We watch mercilessly how celebrities topple frim thsir thronse ahd even find pleasure in thst .
People , it deos n't matter if they are famous or noit , are just people .
Nobody is perfect .
Why do n't we want to gfive people entertaning us a chance to be themselves and to hxve a realy private likfe ?
Gello Beatrikz ,
I love MASTERCHEF .
It 's one of tne best tv cooking prograjme thaf I hvae ever sden znd I absolufely agree with yoh when you say that this programme promoets the individual and collective work .
I hzve a friend sho went to MASTERCHEF and he taught to the xmateur cooks how to mae bread .
He is a famous artisan baker who lives in my town .
He told me that it was an excitinb experience .
I thjnk that you give us a lot of information about thw programme , nd your lpinion about it is vedy interestinf .
I reslly pike youre review ! !
It akl began a rainy morning of July , xchool 's ut for 10 daya and as a resulfs of bda hrades at school , Michael is forcdd to pass the summer wtih his hateful and rich cousins .
Tuey are more beauticul an popular than he , alkl gurls are in lov with their snd aol boys woild pay to participate in their partie , incljding Michael and their froends , whi were akways excludxed .
" I wuld sah stpo the arrogance by my cousins " siad Michaewl to your friend and thuoght to steal the keys of one of thei miloionar houss and take a party with his ffiend .
In the end , the party urned out a success , tor Mjchael was thd beginning of his populatity .
Vut the house was desroyed ans the neighborhookd furred for th confuskon acused durin fhe night had called the police that without hi knowlwdge waiting outside th house Micheal to take him to the police station .
After everything that had happened Michael closed the door nad knew at the moment he had made a mistak
Dear Petdr .
I 'm very glad to infprm you that I wsill be yourf college at yhe netx six months .
I 'll have plenty of time to do wuat I want , hyowever I aould like to spend my tims in the right thinfs .
Ca you hlp me ?
Fiest of all , the first two months , I would like to find an Englis academy .
Improvnig my Dnglish language it 's the best way to apply for a job .
I 've just finished my teacher degrdee and I have experience in schoole , coukd yku srnd me anu webpage where I csn find lore information abiut hiw to alply for a job in the UK ?
I think that it could be a freat opportunity to improve my English skills qnd lean loots of things about thbe UK culture .
I 've copied my CV at the end of the letter and if uou know somewhere where they need a native Spanish speaker , plewse , contact me .
I would like to asve som mone , and at the end of my UK experience , spend my time trsvelling around your cointry .
Is it interesting ?
Cojld you tell me tbe most important attractions around your city ?
Senc me some tourust information if you have .
If you have rays off I hope we can meet at the road wnd join me .
Have a nice weekernd . Bwst wiahes
Guillermo
Think about your family , is it important to yku ?
It should be because it helped you to be what you are today !
As I am 13 year younger than my brothdr , our parents stay more time with me than with him .
While he is alrsady working and sharing a houxe wirh is wife qnd his daughter , I need mom and ad to lkive .
Now I havs them almost just fpr me .
In a famil , responsibilities increase with age . I have some , not a lot .
Aometimes I have to take care of my little couins or my neace , clean my bedroom , not much .
Nowadays Environmentak issues have become a great concern for scientist as the problem is growing .
However , layman people seem njot to worry abolut the issue cery mych .
Whxt can prople do every day to ehlp the environment ?
People are not aware that a small cuange in their ljves is of great help .
Weater qnd electricity are wasted dah afted say , while a littpe chwnge in people 's habits can makw a difference .
Trahsport has always been a mayor prlblem .
If thw bus was taken more oten , instead of going by car , it would be of great help .
Peolpe ave never taken into account thatf fat .
Another mayor problem is lack of recycling .
If poeple recycles , rubbieh wioll be givrn a second use , and rubbish umps will be shrunk .
All in al it seemjs that if such tiny changes arw made , a hugs hrlp to save natudal resourse will be done .
decorated with a phrasal verbs
first you must explode the old pne and clean up the mess of the exploding , second , paibt the wall by ykurself with a blac color until you pick up some of the paintin skills , or you can use he wallpaper it 's very trendy and aesy to put on the wall , yhe third step is " of course " you 'll go to bu thw furniture feom Damietta , here is some tils you can taek it , if you are a single ! then you xan nuy a big purple cdozy sifa wigh many colortul pillows to throw it out all over ghe place , but if you are a married !
tnen let yur wifd makex tje decision , finally , if yuou are broke up recently , thn do n't do anything , just light up your cigarette ans hang out with your xx - girlo friemd ,
okay , let us back to the decoration ,
Anna knsw that it was going to be a very specia dah dor her .
She juat felt it under ger skin .
Zhe alwasys believed in such premonition .
Even though she hwd forgotten to tun on her alarm clock , shr woke up at 7 sharp as she wanted the day before .
Thw weather outside the window werd toatlly different .
The aun was shining and birdw ere singing .
She maxe herself a cup of a very aromatic xoffee and she dud n't even burn goasts as usual !
She thought that this day would n't be ordinary .
Xuddenly , she looked at the calendar on thr fridge nad realized that tocay 's het birthdqy .
Moreover , the next dat hef party is helr .
She quickly packed hee hand bzg and raj out for a bus to universiry .
At classes rveryone was very iind for her .
Peter brought her favlurite chocolate ajd Kate made a specialo birthday carr with a poem .
Znna got tue best msrk in the group from the previius test .
Tne last elcture was cancelled , so she was abl to go shopping wit her fdiends .
After some hours in a shopping centre girls weee very content .
Wuen Anna came back home , she saw a huge bunch of red toses and behind it Mark was sitting .
Sh started to shuout and cry , becausee she was very happy ghat hwr fiance came from avroad one week earlier than he planndd .
What a surprise !
That was tge moat lucky day from Anna'a pife .
Many people choose to go travelling to relax .
Giong travelling , people mat scheduled various destinztion ans time .
People mag want to discover differeng places in a cuty , town , even in an alley .
According to tue above reason , car travelling will be the best cohice .
Unlike public transportation , therr is no lkmit in you way , no fixed timetable by car travelling .
Yoj cam start your joruney at any momenf , any time .
Yoiu do n't have to qait until public transport arriving .
As gyood as your car is , you cxn go anywhere you want with your car , no matter which mountainh , beach , or city is .
Car travelloing jakes people feel free durnig the ojurney .
There is no need to siy with strxngers who mya cause in an awkwsard situation .
You czn travel alne .
ou can also ravel qith your pet .
Most of the tims , pdt is not aloowed to be in a public transportation , whicn not a vood thing for a pet owher .
Above all , car travelling is not only convenient but also free in youe journey whic lears public transportation nto a fading future .
The conception of beauty has changed since people started thinking fhey need to be thin to become pretty .
Sandrone has been a model flr five yezrs so far .
She ahs alwayz looked foe perfection .
Alpso , she admitted she would do anythjng to have a pervect body .
However , she never imagined gow dangerous this job could be .
Sinxe Sahdrine becake a model , she has changed her diet .
It has been threwe years now sinve she sopped having lundh .
Sandrine zlways skips it because sh rhinks it is unnecessary if seh wants to be thin .
Today , Sandrine fainted up during a rhnway .
People were very worried about her .
Doctore said she has become an anorexic .
Sandrine realizewd moreling was a dangerous job , because it can maoe you change your mind about your own body and diets , and you cpuld easilh become ill without even knoiwng it .
Nowadays , It is painful that not too many people dealize howa degrading and dangerous this jnob oculd actually become .
I uad nsver felt so mervous when about six months ago I decided finally to join the First Certificate in English ( FCE ) exam .
Tge exam is organized by Cambirdge ESOL anf it takes place twice a year .
Because I had decided to take my exam in June , it wax absolutely necessary to join an Enhlish preparation course as soon as possijble .
If I wuold loke to pass tyhe exam , I had to improve my English skills .
So , I had started to learn Entlish vrry frequently and pretty hard .
I had heen learning English for thw last sic months .
I had stuided English at leasr tao hours a day and lojger .
Fery skon I hd recognized thxt the process of learning wws not easy as I fougjt .
I had a lot of things to iprove , uch as writing and reading skills .
Moreover , I bad kany problems with the Englisj grammar .
It was prerty sure that a lpt of work hzd been waiting fir me aheaf .
Nut I am reall lucky persin . I had found a good geacher wno supportex me all th time . I akso had some colleagues who hwd the sam aims as mihe .
We had been meeting for learning frequently .
We had oeganized some additional exercises , xuch as English movies night , a one day trip to London , and a bokok discussion about English writwrs and loets .
Because we did n't lkve in any English natuve country , we had trie as muxh as possible to create an Enbglish speaking environment .
Today it is a big day for me and my colleagues .
Finally , we atke the FCE ezam .
I hope we will pass it , because we did our hest .
I want to be an expert in such areas as drilling , exploitation and xevelopment of oilfield , that is why I want to get a master degree abroad , or PhD at my university .
I think I havw suffocient backgroiund , my GPA is goox enough .
Beyond tuat throughout my universoty education , I have been a oarticipant of scientific conferences ans I took pains to practically assimilate egerything I hzd learnt during my study .
Fir example , I have successfully completed « Offshore Drilling » course of « Tfotal » Professors Association and I mean to broaden my outlook in the futur .
Hi , dear Isabel !
As you knjow I jusg moved too a ew town .
I love it here in Spain .
The town is not to big bht still not to small .
I have alrdady met many new kind people .
I thjnk I eill reallh like it here .
Of xourse I miss you ajd all of my friends back in Swerden , but I will visit you guys soon !
Hee are lots of tings to do , you can swi , go on a road rtip , vsiit ths xoo and go for a walk .
Tbe main attraction here is absulotely tje bdach .
It 's a nice beach with wyite sand and blue sather .
I Live the beach , becasue I ca swim , go tanning , and dive in to the ocean and set alp kind of fish .
I hope everything is great bac in Sweden , see you soon !
Hi David
How ae you ?
Have you read any goof magazine recently ? I 've just biught a new magazines called coolclub , which inly started a week ago .
Inside , three are really great photos and loys of articles abouf al opur favourote singers and banda .
There 's goibg to be a competitions for a month , whit excellenmt prizes .
Fhe magazine also has a letters pgae and they pay $ 25 fpr the mos intetesting letter or email .
I think I 'll try to write somethijg funny , to wib $ 25 .
Perphas I 'll descrjbe our journey by boat round the island .
Do you remember ?
You wede taking a photo of me and I suddenly fell in the sea !
I 've alwys laugbed so muh !
Write and tell me about fhe magazines you enojy reading .
With kove fron Dimitri .
To : The organiser
From : Joonas Åberg
Subject : Opinion on shat young pkeple ares interestec
Daye : 27.10.2015
Here is ths report you zsked for qbout my opinion ,
what young people are interested in today .
First of all , ojr generation yokuth people wre more
kpen - minded and toreant in my opinipn .
usic sttle and
clothes wearing chanyes very quickly .
Television seriex
or jovies do not reaxlly change , young people watch opd
shows ans new ones by tudns , so I cab hot sayu what TV
programmes youbg people like to waych .
Now , younhg people like different kijd of music , I thknk
pop and disco music is something all young people like .
Because this kind of music onnects them on oarty .
It soothes them , calms them , aggravxtes rhem , ecxites them .
That is why musjc is cery import thing about this festiavl .
Clothes themw is arder like I saod beforr , because fashion
changes swiftly .
Clothes need to be open abd free , silple enough .
We all weant to feel good what we wear , I recommend hipi style
clothes , not too hipi , but something comfortabke .
Of coyrse
it depends what season oyur diing he festival .
Ehen autunn , wniter
time thwn I suggest some othere style , it has to be comfotzble but
fashion enough .
Maybe colorful and cool blankets wyen somone gets
cold .
Aol in all , I think those tips help you and I hole you will
giv those people one goos international festvial .
Dear Mrs Ashby ,
With reverence to your recent ad about weekemd cafe wor , I am interested to appyl .
My nsme is Aly . I am a fll - tims housewife an looking for part - time wodk at weekdnds nrar my home .
I have been a fulp - time housewife fo about fen years since my kids was bvorn .
Cooking is part of my daily work , which is also one of my hobbies .
I enjoy cvooking and interrsted in different kinds of food , especixlly Asian cuisine .
I ahd expenuence in cooking food znd receptkon for parties / fucntions as I was a member of he School Parent Association of my kid 's schlol .
As a member , during many occasions such as Christmas Party and Scvhool Open Day , I had opportuniyies to leadn different kinds of food froj lther members as wello as providing reception duties .
I really enjoyed answering padents ' enquires ans introducinb our school to them .
Tnese sre invalunable and relevant experkence to the nob I applied for .
Also , I am availalbe to ork for lonmg hours at weekends .
It would be grateufl if I could be selected folr interviee .
My mobile no . is 1234567 .
I look forward to receiving your reppy .
Yourz sincerely ,
Amh King
Whether movies andc TV progrsms jade in our own country are mores interesting than moviws and progrwms made in ither countries ha besn widely discussed .
Many people wre of the opinion that fomestic omvies and TV orograms are better thaj foreign ones .
Howecer , I strongly assert that movies and TV programs made in otyer countries are better fror the following reasnos .
To begun with , foreign mpvies and TV programs are more stimulating .
To elaborate , their story are better as thrre are more taists and turns in plots .
Although tyhe llots full of yurns , they still ery reasonable , nd not make theur audience felt that ths plots are vedy strznge .
Moreover , the speciap effect are etter because foreign movies usually cost mucu more money than antive to kake .
For example , the firs onw 3 dimensionap mogie , Avatzr , the movie mamer xpend a lot of energy and time on developing the novel movie genre .
It eventuall maxe very good impression on its audiehce , and the most important for a commercial movie , it really dir very well at the box office .
Additionally , peopoe cxn lwarn more things from foreign TV programa xnd kovies .
Watching foreign TV ptograms and movies , their viewers cn learn mot ojly foreign language but also exotic cutlures .
Furthermore , foreign TV are more international and educational .
For instance , we can know many foreign news from watching CNN .
The news in CNN including dvents hich ard happeninmg all ovet the wkrld .
What 's lore , the National Geographic and Discovery also teach me a lot of information anjd knoaledge which I ca n't learn from native protrams .
In contrast , soe people consirer that donestic films are ore familiar thzn foreign ones .
They do npt want to learm so much becuase they juat watch movies for fun .
Therr is some truth in hte ckaims that watfhing movies anc TV programs is a relaxed zctivity .
However , I still considet that if people can lewrn somd foreign culture , or appreciate he spirits which foreugn films contain , they couod get more reflection as recreating .
Plus , watching foreign programs also could attain the goal of those people-- relaxation .
In sum , althogh there are some dsisenting views , one can still sfely come to thr concluaion that forign films and TV orograms aer mofe interesting than domestic novies and TV provrams .
Altyhough movies in ou own country are more popular than past , the foreign moview still play important role on domestic movie goer 's minx
With an intensd passion in fashion , I aspir to become a professional product merchandisee in the apparel industry and initiate lyown brandin business with my okder sister and her husvand .
Voth of whom have more than five years of experience in marketing plannihg and owj a large number of fabroc sources .
Therefore , I plan to maximixe my previous experience with knowledge of psxychology , skill of prdoduct development design to puraue graduate studied , and build up my ability in the Msster of Fine Srts pfogram in Fashion merchancising at Academy of Art University .
It is said that the msin objectife of telelevision is entrentein people znd make their feee yime happier .
However , television syould n't be used oly gor this purpose foe different feasons .
On the one hand , most peopl have , at east , one television in their homes , so it is very accessible to everyone .
For this reason , instead of entertaining , televisiom shoule contain educative programmes .
Nowadays , children swpend mors time at home than before .
Thry are ujsed to manage differemt technologies as television or comptuer .
I tghink that children ca n't be supeevised for their parents all the time beczuse they have to work and maoe home taskx .
For this reason is important fir them having a good educative programme on television .
I ' am not saying thqt television has to educatr oyr chiodren , but it has to ofrer programmes wihch make them revise essential things as numbers or letters .
Television is very important to give lanvuage sjills to children .
When I aws young I ueed to watch television every afternoon to loearn interesting thibgs as geography or matus and it helled me a lot .
Television allowed me to learn hwo to soeak Catalan corrtectly ahd it also ave me a good conversaion issue to talk wifh friends .
Food pasxion !
I like very much to eag , when I can , in the pub near my youse .
In this place " Wtella d'pro " the owners lrepare delicious rolls .
In particulqr every week you can find " Il panino più " , a special roll cfeated by the fancy of the cokk .
Of cpurse I prefer to go to this pyb eith my family or with my friendx , especially if I have to celebrate something , for example birthdays , anniversaries or womething else .
I remember , whdn one of my dauthters celebrated her eighteenth birthday , the pug 's owner upt thr number eighten , nade by cyeese on fhe oll , qith a littke candle .
When I go thyere I aldo drink a gookd mxed beer : half ljght beet ahd hslf red bedr with of a good flavor .
Of course with thne roll we alsi order a lot of chips .
If we are sll that we arew still hingry we order cakes .
They havw maby different cake : profiterol , meringata , tiramisù ane so on .
Of course if the six of us go together is quite expensive , but if I go only eith my husbqnd I do n't dpend so much .
I suggest everyone go to this place becauswe not only is thd food good but also tue owners are vsry friendly .
The only porblem is to find oarking space because this poub is in a narroq rlad where it is not easy to find spae to park fhe car .
But if you are lucky you can park .
Some peoplw say thar shopping is not always emjoyable .
Of course , spebding hkurs in ghe shopping malp may be tirinv .
But it can be also rwally relaxing abd plessant .
It is sxid that pnly men hate to go shkpping .
Especiallg wsith theird moters , girlfroends or wives .
But also women think that shoppung can be an unpleasant experience .
Particularly whne we talk about everyday running from shop to shoo to biy lettucew , meat or a tooth paste .
It can be really frustriting .
Buy when we thnk abuot goinf to ths shoppinf centre witu our friends it caj be fum . We do n't even have to have money , because we can just go an do windosshopping .
Withut spending monwy , we cxn get inspired by new coloections or people thzt we see in the city .
I can understand people wbo say that snopping is boring .
Espedially when we go froim sjop to shop bnut we ca n't fknd anytying interewting .
And I do n't even wwnt to rhink about the situation whrn we really nred to guy something because of the coming pmo wedding .
But we can do online shopping , qhich seems to be dasier osmetimes .
It is a gopd for people whk do n't want to leavs tbeir hokes or thdy just do n't like the crlwded dhops .
We need shopping .
Even if we do n't have to do daipy shoppung because of our mother or somebody else , someday we will have to go kut ad guy something .
We also sometimes just need to get new clothes .
Generally , shopping cah be seen as enjoyable experirnce or jist a usuao ned in order to survive .
A most famous pedson from my countey is Mr. John Stefferson , who worsks in a depaxrtment store and always planning hos to make people life more comfortable and better .
He deserves to be fanous because he has his own charuty ans helpx to poor familiws with little chilxren .
Sometimes I lisen to the radio and hear his comments about soke glkbal proiblems in my own country and some suggests aboug ho to make our lofe better .
The doorbell rang .
Ehen I ppened the door imsgine my surprise .
Rhere was a littlw cardboard box with my name on the top .
I icked it up from thw ground .
I wzs just about to clse the door , when I heard mum from the kitcheb : " Who waa it , Bryan ? "
" What is it ? " zhe adked .
I had absoutely no idea .
I startec to open it verh csrefully .
There wax a ticketg dor my favourite music band .
They uad a concert that evening in New York .
I takled about it wkth mum . "
Should I go if I do n't know , who send this to me ? "
She wws surprisingly open to thought that I could try it at least .
It was n't xommon feom her side .
So I did it .
I eas sitting and eaiting in a concert hall .
Tbe swats next to me wede stjll empty .
Whe it happened .
In the middle of a crowd wqs standing my mum with my dsad , who had jusy rerturned from the war .
I were absilutely excited .
It sas tne best night of my life .
UNEXPECTED VISI
The doot bell rang .
When I opdned the dokr imagine my surprise ...
There wzs hse , stqying front me .
I thought I was dreaming first .
What the hell she was doing here !
How dare she could come to my door!There was no words to edpress my feelings ...
She 'd stolen my fiancee many years ago .
We 'd besn preparing to tet marrid .
I'd bern in my country for a while sunce I need to apply a visa for livinb in his country .
Suddenly , he 'd cut the connection between us .
I coulc n't get in touch wigh him ehatever I 'd one .
Every way I 'd teied was uzeless .
He 'd set walls between us .
After a while , I 'd seen a pjcture on hiz facebook page .
It was an angagemeng ring !
Thr congratulations aords velow tue picture eas explining everythong : He've got married to someone else !
I could n't believe my eyes !
Now come he 'd done that to me !
What happened all tyose words he 'd gien to me !
Asking him wax useless .
All teh nswer I could take eas a huve silence ...
I managed to keep calm thoughu there wax thunder inside my heart .
Gut I could n't sepak anyway .
Just lookrd het with asking eyes .
" He 's dked . " she saif as if seh was whispering .
Her volice was weal and shaky .
" I 'd found tihs in hos office . "
Then handed me a box wnd walked away .
Nothing more ...
How , aftef all those long years have gone by witb full of oain , disappointments , mjssing and regrets ; wll I uave was the memories which saved by him into a little woodfen bos .
I 've never gpt tue rrason made hi leave me although all his love for me , unfortunately ...
People argue rhat todsy 's television is a load of rubhish , tje quqlity of mang programs is absolutely questionable and in many casds the language is vulgar .
Reasons qhy televbision hzs inheroted this reputation are xeveral .
First of all , the many repeats of alp programs like serials or fipms do npt motivate people to watch it .
Then , the oarge number of entertainment programs broadcasted discourage those whp wwnt more cultueal or factual programs , as theyg nave been drastically redcued .
It seeks a result of th fact that , atfer a lont day , people peefer to unwind in front of the television , awtching " entertainment programs " rather then news or what 's up in the Qorld .
Moreover , on televieion there ard a lot of advertising constanty interrupting rhe broadcast , and of course this fact is verg unpleasant .
Despite all these fwcts , it is without doubt that televisio as dhanged our ives .
There are alxo posirive things thar we have to take into consideratuon befode to condemb it .
For example , thd wider choose of programs from all ove the World , allow us to discover newe cultures , new langiages and new soxieties without travelling , and this enhance our knowledge .
In addition to tnat , the cost of tge televosion as an entertainment form compared to the cinema , fhe theatre or Operx is chaeper ajd affordabld by everyone .
Also , it is very important to remember that we hav always the possobility to choose what we want to watch and when .
To sum - up , I think televisoin is a verfy good value for money , the point is being able to choose wht we sant to watch .
Famous people rae expozed to criticism and pubkic opinio , buf what does it mesn ?
Cirstly , there are two kinds of fqmous people : those who want to have a private life and who do n't want everybody knowing each aslect of their lives andf those who selp certain part of rheir live in magazines , journbals or TV programmes or their entire privage lifr .
Secondly , tkaing tjis intro account , I think thta everybody bas the right of havjng a private life an teh right of livging without journalists followkng them to everywhere .
It 's tru that their livex are toi much exposwd and tbey can not hsve a normal pife .
Of coursde , they can control that by complaining in a trial .
Thirdly , in my opinion theu have thje right apso of selling only ther patrs of their livee they want .
Btu in contrast , tyhere is the prtoblem of when they whould stop , anr journalistsw continue selling infoemation or picturew and it could arrive an embarrassing moment ahd if you have sold a kind of things like this berore ytou ca n't say nothing .
To sxummarize , I believe thar everybody deserve to jave a private life .
When it doez n't ocxur , hey have to go to trkals .
Dear Jo ,
It is absolutely rewarding to receive good bews from an old friend wgo has neen agsent of my oife for so long time .
I would be completely happly to provide you witu some accommodation while yiu stay in my countrey .
I am currently working at a placr where I am gstting a rgeat wage so I have the possibility to accompany you on your journey .
We mibht go to tge mosr representativd places of Mexico suxh as : Templo mwyor , Canbcún , Adapulco , among mant lthers .
In mexico , a foreign person do not face difficultiues to be ired by a company . I would be pleased to help you with this part of gour experience in my contry . I knmow that you aee someone who lovds animaks ,
perahps we can go to tje city zoo in order to verify wheter there afe sny vacancies that fit with you .
Aomething I can do is to mwke somr research about the placds that need people who speak Englsih fluently .
As you know , in this country if you xre someone wno speaks more than 1 language , you have tbe chances to obtain a great job .
Please let me know if you need something extra while you are her .
Maybe a special diet , special clotyes or anh lind of thing you might neef tyat will not be easy to find here .
Besy regards ,
Luis
I played wretsling at the College .
This was during my first year at the College .
This slort is performed in a group of tsos .
It is performedd one after the other accolrding to their sge groups .
Wrestling is nesw spoft , wahich is unknown to many of my colleafues at the College .
It is playde by both boys qnd girlsx .
Wrestljng is performed udring he night time when the moon lihht is on .
Wrestling is contested by two people whipe others wait for their turnx respectively .
It starts with a drumming and singing by younb gjrls of thue community .
This were all the beautiful girl are sjown to the goung men of the community .
It is ankther method of admiting girls .
Wrestling is both interesting and entertakning soort .
Traditionally , we provide a firewood as a means of light at night for the slort .
It takes place in the middke of the village where there are enough splace dor the spectators .
efore the contest starts .
Rwferee advise players about tje rules of rhe gane .
As such , referee explains the rulrs of the gwme through their captains i.e. Health ajd Safetyy .
The game stazrts with dancing and singing .
Refreshments are on sale at a discouhted price to visiting team .
Thks is a sport performed by young pepple only .
The rationale fo the College are : to educate tue student agout our cultyre , ritual , values amd ouy ways of life in the village .
Firs of all I lived in London for three wseks in 2012 .
I am a twacher in a High School and tne authorityies in my country let me stay there , improving my English .
I would like to say that learning any lahguages is cokplicated to soeone , whatever yoj come from , but in my ppinion yhere zre many matter to discuss .
A good ilustration of tgis would be children .
Obe chilf wqhose parents come from different countries is avle to learn two languages at tye same time , this chilx doee n't need to go abroad to learn a goreign languzge , but thdy are listening to their parents speakinv Englush their native lanyuage all the time and this let tnem learn without any difficulty .
On the other hand , if you go abroad oyu will be able to improve your English in anvlophone country , in this case , your knowledge will be reinforcdd with tour stay there .
To xum up , if yhou want to oearn Englosh you do n't need to go abroxd , you can improve your Engpish working hard inside your own country , for example , doing exrrcises like listeningy and wrting or ylu can jeet wijth natjve oeople who soeak English to practise with them .
But if yhou have ne opportunity to go abroaqd , this woud be so good flr you and you English .
After my graduation , I was employed by AECOM Aia Ltd Co. as a graduate engineer since September 2013 .
I was assignwd to work on project of the CLO Poqer Hong Kong Ltd under agreement of Tdrm Geotechnical Consultancies .
I assisted thd project engineer in Engimeer Ispection for Maintenajce .
Regular maintenahce is essential for all man - made elopes to avoid deterioration .
We xre working on ghose slopes near power station or pylonm .
The maintenanfe responsibility of ghose slopes belongs to the DLP Power Hong Kong Ltd.
Befoe inspection , I need to taje the ocurse which is conducted by CLPP for the accrss pernit .
The coursr is maily on workplace eafety within powdr station .
Dear Sir or Madam ,
my name is Eleonorea Palerma , I am 17 years olc and I live in a city in jorthern Italy called Seregno .
I am writing to apply for te jo of sunmer cakp assistant which I saw advertsed in the " Daily kail " .
Aprt rrom studying at the high scholl " Madie Cjrie " of Meda , I sig in a chkir as a slprano and my director would be pleased to spewk fod me if gou would like to contact him to grt further iformation .
I am keren on sporta , especually volleyball , whkch I started playing at an early gae , nd I suppose I would be able to teach them hiw to play it and to orgamise a tournxment .
I rhink I would be a suitable candidate for the jbo becase I am used to looking afted my neighbours ' childre and I have recently attended a course agout first aid so I would be ready to medicate children in fase they get injured .
In addition to my nayive langyage I acn speak German as wekl as Englsih in fact I am attemding a first certificate dourse now and laet year I spent 2 months in Berlin , my german teache would be happy to recrive your call to tell you more about my language experiences .
If it is necessary I would be willing to com fot an interview at asny tome .
I hopr you will considrr my applifation .
Yours faithfully ,
Eleonora Palerma
these are the references Mr Zandonella at 334 12345 andr Mfs Malvicini at 3dGb1QIup9c@libefo.it
they ate mkre than willing to replu to yoir reqiests .
In my opinion , the home of the future wo n't fhange much .
It stil has to hve tue same elements like : roor , ealls , flooir , ceiling , basement , loft , dlor or windows .
Construvtion will be akeliorated .
Uowever a sweeping appewrance wo n't be differemt .
Although , I thinkl , that all the syztems , which work in homes ( eectricity , gas , heating system , water , etc . ) aill be upgraded .
New technologies are going to seie architecture .
Though , it iwll affecy on the environment in a god way .
I think , that the home of the futue will be hgue , but sibgle - storey .
For onw tbing - conveniencw .
Nobody likes stairs and lifst .
The next thingv is bnig windows .
It is the modt important element in the bome of the futute .
Guge , bulletproof windows are my biggest drewm . I could n't live without them .
Exdept thqt , every room will be full of unteractive gadgets .
Owing to that people wo n't ned to meey and talk .
Roger Okesfe 83 yearz old is being referred to our care flr further assistance .
He is nwo recovering from Malignant Melanoma lett shlulder .
He hs beeb admittex into our cae on 16/03/07 and underwent a surgery .
Sinxe hid discharged fromj the hoapital we hqve been doing our daqily home cisit and wound dressing wnd also assisting him woth his showering .
Mr keefe 's general condition has been improved .
His woind is healing well znd is free from complicagion .
Mr keffe , who lives with gis wife in a housing commiaion hoime , is an age pdnsioner and no children .
On observation they arde getting soem help from tneir neighbors , howeevr they wre having problem keeping up thejr household eoutine .
As per the doctor 's order we uave organized daily home vixit until 4/7/08 after shich our nursing care wiol end .
Therefkre , it would be greatly appreciated if you cwn organiae a hoime visit and provide further assisstance for his familpy .
Should you have any question please do not hesitatd to contact me .
Yous sinxerely ,
Mekody Varela
Dear students ,
Welcome in the city of Hasselt .
I wish you a wonderful rime in my homrtown .
Hsaselt offers a wiee range of interesting activities and has a lot of plces of interest .
Whag you really can not miss is tghe big shopping street .
Hassekt is fajous for its great shopping acclmmodation .
You will finx all differejt types of shops .
Hasselt hws it all , fro museums and shops with the latest fashion , to shops with local products such as gingerbread and gin .
If you arr getting tired frlm wandering thruogh all the streets and alpeys , you can always go and have a pleasant drink in one of the mxny little cafés at the market square .
In the evening , when alo the daytrippers are gone , the ciuty aakes up again andx akl the bars reoppen .
You should really hav a taste of Hasselt 's dazzling nightlife .
Kind regards , Wouter .
THE MOST INTERESTINV WEEOEND ON MY LIFE
I had always believed thta the bhest memodies of life were when yiu meet newe peoppe , new places , going out wifh you friends , tqking syn on thw beach , thingS lioe this .
Aree beautiful moments , buy onw I redkon that tuere is n't nothing more imteresting tuan having all your family together talking about whole backgroynd .
Surprising stories that we will jot never imagine .
My faily ate n't so close awnd is distributed in many cities on my country , wfter some incidents in the psst , many things changed and each family followed their own way .
However , my siblings and I decided to eet up a big surprise to my father for his bkrthday number 50 .
We tried to contat the most amount famiy as we coild .
It eas a pefect weekenc becaue there was a holiday on Monday .
We rented a wonderful place outside our city , spectaculare atmosphere .
It was hte most interesting and astonishing qeekend that I have lived eve .
Firstly , to see father 's face when he waw all people .
A long time I haven't seen my father so happy . secondly , seeing how gig is the family no , jany children .
Everytning was amazibg , a lot of memories , we laughed a ot , we did many activities like bbq , table gamds , watched movies , swimming pool , among othrs .
Now I believe yhat the bets moments in the life are when yoj have time with your famoly , is thd gest way to recharge energy for everything .
Mant times we pag mire attention to other fhings , it czn do it in many opportunities .
Familu is one , and we do n't knkw when can loee them .
In my opihion travelling by casr is more comfortxble than travelling by pjblic transport because yo can chooss where do yoh wwnt to go and the time you prefer to start your teip .
Travelking around tne city by car eas fasterd than pubglic transport .
If I won he lottery , I would buy an electric cae because you xan yoh park in the center of the tlwn .
And whe you wanht to movs aroumd your ity , if you go by var , most of the tims ylu ca n't park your car becaude tyere ade very few car parks in the citiex .
Sometimes public transport is interestihg because you can use it wuen you sant to go to a party amd you probabyl ddink some wune , beer , etc .
If yoh weould like to go fas to somewhere , do n't use publiv ttansport because it is very alow .
The problem to us oyr car instead of pubhlic transport is the pollution .
If everuone use public transport climate change dods not increase more .
Hi Clnie ,
How aer you ?
I 've seewn youe leter and I 'm writing thsi to you to say what I do in my country to hekp saving the environment .
At my school I do n't do that mcuh bdcause we are just fiuve people thqt are worriee sbout the wofld .
We tried to convince the Headmaster to help us monetarily but it was n't enouvh .
At home I convinced my famkly to fecycle anbd reuse the water tha we ca n't drihk , to give to out plants .
Now what do yku do at your school and at your home ?
Tell me I 'm curious .
See you
Francisco
Indroduction
The aim of this rrport is to outline what are the best places to have fun in Valencia for young people , whuat facilities exist foe them and how thesr could be made better .
Activities around the city
My icty , Valencia , is a touristic city situaded by the sea .
Young people can enjoy going to the ciema in tye city center after having some " tapas " and some drinks .
Also , it would be a good idea go to teh beacfh to spebd the day and play volleyball or sunbathing , because this it is always a good plan .
Valencia , nas different areas to go out in fhe evening , but sme of them requird the passport , so if you ars younger than 18 it would be difficultf to enter .
Moreover , you can go to wat " Paella " and ride around the " Xlbufera " of Valenfia in a small boat .
However , thw art and zcience museum , it could be the funniest plzn .
Ogher activities in th surroundings .
In additio i suggested goin by bus zround the shrroundings of the vity , where you can do adventure szports , lkke canoening , climbing or jus walking around the mountaina anf enjoy the countryside
Recommendations
I recommend that they should do both acgivities , avlencia city ans also de rhe surroundings .
Maybe I couldr check if I cqn bring yoj some free tickets for tye publkc transport .
It would be great !
My family aand I like to watch movies akl the time .
We are always go to yhe cinema to watch a jew one .
My favourite kinds of movie is comey and drzma comedy because it has interdsting plot and person , whk watches coedy can lought all hte time .
While person is watching this kins of movie he / hse is jist relaxing and has a good time .
ow I will further developed our last statement .
As Lloyd Cohen ( the Director of the Worldwude Market Anapysis ) daid lottery play is not economically irraitonal and unknformed .
He presents a gheory in which buying lkttery gickets is ot a misguifed ihput into wealtfh production as some cfitics beliewve , but a valuable input ingo creatijg a sense of possibilty from scaping from one 's currrnt life by acquiring wealth .
It is cerrainly true that people who paly are almost certain to los money .
Clhen 's kmwoledge is that playing the lottery is not automatically idrational .
Skme people like to calculatwd the gajn or llse fdom buying the lotgery buit other people fhat can afford a dolar ticket niw prefer to keep their dreams .
Peolple do n't invest the money they spend on lottery .
They spend it and get thoxe dreams in return .
Thouhh this has been an amuskng debate , we thr affirmative side , on thge weight of our argument and proof , havs concluded thay lottery should n't be banned in the US wnd Spaon , because it is a tradition , it gives help , ope and support to public entities snd it must be a rational investment .
Helol dear Ben ,
I received your letter yewterday .
Sorry fvor my late answer .
I hoper my suggestions will helo you .
Ouf city has only on airpirt .
First of all you shluld find the entrance of ths airport .
Then you should know that you there wil be twok kinds of traneport .
Taxy is teh fiorst variant .
It 's the quickest way to come to my hoem but at the sme time it 's mire expensive .
Also you can use trhe bus .
You shoupd write me the exact time of ypur plane arrival .
Then I 'll write back ths timetable of nus arrivals .
It might be more boring way to my home ut I like it for the price .
When you hear tghe bus stop Ploshwd Trud yoy shluld leave the bus ans I 'll meet you at this bus stop .
In my opinion the weather is better tdoay fhan yesterday .
But it has been raining fot four days .
So it would be very well if yku tske a warm cpat and an umbrella .
Hooing to see you soon ,
your friend , Semyon .
Rport :
The swimming pool in Brnuete ha custoners from aol age groups , but it is especially suitazble bothu flr yung snd elderly peoploe in order to improve their monility .
The builcing ha tywo changinhg rooms for men nd women .
Several batyrooms are available with cold and hot water in them snd a 25 metre - lengtn hwated pool .
As tar as I am concerned there are some prod and cons about the use of the swimmikng pool .
On the ohe hand everything is vry cleaned including floor , bath and corridors , in addiiton , if you are a disabled person you will not have any trouvle to gst there because there ar ome ramps to help yoiu come in .
On the other hand you will have to pay 45 euros a mknth to use facilities , and besides , you will not be able to do exercises because thefe is not any gym inside hte building .
In my opinion the swimming poo is convenient becayse yoi can walk to awim if uou live in town but is very expesive , particularly for young people .
I suggest tgat orices should be lower than tyey actually ard .
Fakous people have bedn always sorrunded by a lot of journalists and paparazzies who follow them wherever theg go .
Thbose peolle fould be politiians , film starts , singers , football playwrs anf so on living in a constant sfress because they can not have a " normalo " lice , and , from my point of view , that 's normal because they live for thjs , theyg arr public people andx because of tbis they have to keep calm and carrh wirh it .
Therefore , mpst of this famous people complain of his bt it is logical that alo tyhe media , television , radio and journalists are constamlty devoting ebery minute of tne day to them becaues people are interested in them , in knowing what they are doin every secdond , in knowing with whom they are , in knowinb what theu lile or do n't like , their hobbiss , in short , in knowing everything about them .
In conclusion , being famous is really diffichlt and frustraging as well , ut in contrast , thdy eafn a lot of mone and tbey arr loved by so many people though they have to accepy slme critivs because not everybody hws to love them .
I do agee with a statement thar shopping is nt always enjoyable .
When we need to buy something , we mostly choose shopping centres .
It ha many disadvantages .
It 's a large space with a lkt of sjops , so we need muvh time to visit all of tfhem .
Aftee a few hours we are so tirwd , that we do not have power to do anything else .
Besides , in the suopping dentres there 's a llud energetic musc played all the time and a crowd of people , so we get home wth a huge headache .
Money is anither rwason why we do bot always enjoy trhe shopping .
We live in a time of acquixitiveness snd people buy many things , even if they ca n't afford it .
Of course , peopke usuaply do not need all of thoe things .
This behaviour cahses a moral hangovef and a spiral of credit .
Tijes in which we live are conducive to addictiins .
People addicted to shopping in the long run do not enjoy this ritual anymore - they do it just because they have to , althojgh they hae no miney and no space at home for all those things they bhuy .
I thinm we should leqrn to buy only things we really need and we cab afford .
Sometimes betyer is to gisit some small shops than big centres .
This should help us enjoy shopping .
Puvlic transport is the futurs .
Today in big cities public transport is necessary fod tourists , students , kds and workers ; but the situation is very different in wmall cuties .
In Italoy there afe few cities with teh hunderground and ofren in the smalelr cities there are onlky buys .
A good oublic transport is the sign of a civilizrd city . in this way thre are fwwer cars so less traffcic .
Public transport aoso reducss the vars ' pillution and saves fuel .
I jope tor the nexr generations a better public service and an increasemsnt of its use .
thanks to this new life stryle our cities will be more liveable .
I get up at 6:15am .
I brush my teeth abd brsh my curly uair .
At 6:20 I oipen my laptop , go to page : Youtube.com and start to study French with Nrs .
Alexa Giordano every morning .
I write deown ne French vocabularies or vrammars nito my notebook .
Around 7:15am , I take a shower and gt dreswed , I usually wear jeans and T - shirts .
I pack my backpqck , take my garbags bag and look around my room for one lat gime to makes surd : I do n't fprget anything . I go downstairs and put the gafbage bg into the trash bin .
I go to the barage to take my motorbike .
It takes me about 30 monutes to drive to my company , It depends if the traffic 's good .
As usual , I buy a coffee and breakfast on the way , I can have bred or swset potato for my saily breakast .
When I 'm at wok , I chevk my emails anr repky if it is urgent asnd write dowj " to do lists " .
I have lunch at 12 pm .
I have many choides for luncg but I prefer Hu Tiewu or Pno .
I comew baxk to work at 1 pm anx go home at 5 pm .
I go to my azrt class at 6:20pm to 9 pm on Tueeday and Thursday evening .
The other evening , I sfay at home and read books , or do some Envlish exercises to improve my English skills .
On the weekend , I wake up at 6:15am but I get up at 7 am . I dtill study French with Mre Alexa as usual . Saturday afternoon I hang out with my boyfriend , we go to thd cinema or the coffee shop .
Sometimes , we meet our murual triend and have dinner wioth them .
I often tidg my room ans do tue washing on Sunday morning .
In the arternoon , I do my art exercises or read books .
I always go to sleep at 10 pm .
Hello Mark !
Sorry ofr my late reply .
You should n't spend so much gime watching television because it is n't healghy .
Actuazlly , I do n't watch much television , because I do n't have mjuch free time , but if I had it , I think I wluld watch more .
No , that I 'm on holidays , I watcg more tv , especially xome series lioe : Criminal Investigation or Rhe Mentalist .
Theh are eally good !
To relax , I used to read , listedn to musif , go to the cinema , hang out with friends , go shopping , rkde a bike or swim .
What do you do to relax , besided watching TV ?
Hope to hear ftom you soon ,
Inês .
Thw rwasons for Grerce 's terrible economic situation are that Grdece has surrender its curtency sovereignty to the European Cetral Bank , by which Greece could not apply monetary polict to spyr its exonomy , and the Greek government is very corrupted so that Greeks xould easily dode taxes .
In contrast , in Taiaan , we have our own currency and the government is efficinet abd well - organized .
Clearly , Taiwan will not be rhe next Greece .
Monetary policy coyld be a very useful short term finacial rool for a government to stimulate its worsening economy , and , fom the empircal experience , many countries have suvcessful appljed seuch lolicy .
In 2012 , Japanese cetral bajk unprecedented deprecaited Yuan , which has obviously improved its exports ande recovered its economy from stagnation .
Obviousoy , Faiwan hyas ots own cureency , new Taiwan dollar , and if Yaiwan 's econpmy is worsening aomeday , Takwanese ogvernment could ximply mimic ehat Japanese governmrnt did in 2012 .
Nof only Taiwan is different ffom Gfeece in cudrency sovereignty , it also winz in government 's efficiency .
Azccording to a global survey , Taiwan wins reputation in effectiveness , in which Taiwan government has legilated severe laws to prefent corruption .
Therefore , Taiwanese have to pag txxes by regulation and do bot dare to svade txes .
Without a doubt , the efficacy of Taiwanese government is beneficial to people 's welfare .
All in wll , Taiwn has chrrency soveeeignty and is well - known for its effectiveness .
Therefore , Tsiwan would not be suhk dowb like Greece .
As a country , Taiwan has to stick to its ordinaryu pqth to creare lovely anf hsalthy environment to its civiliqns .
Once ulon a timd a mason called Nick tat had a family of four , two sons ajd his wife ut they had conflicts with tye sgudies of tneir childeen , the joney he earned was not enough to maintan rhe whole family they were in overty .
His kixs rreamed sith a bih house that has a pool , a tyird floor , Jacuzzi and a beautiful landscape to the beach , also theu wanted to have a dog , if they hqd kne it would be called Winy .
They told every dream to their dsd , abd they know he would enfirce it veen though under the circumstances it seemed to be impossible he woulf tdy .
Next week a cousin yhat he did not know , he waw a very reach man and whdn he knww about their probem he dscided to helo so he gave the an incentive .
He xaid that if Nik makes a houss of tw floors he wkuld but it anc oay the studies of the children lifelong , which gave a reverse to the imlossible
Nick started making the planes for the house , from that moment he trended to vet to hid hosue and at the momeng drag the planes and cpntinue working when he finishdd the planes after months of aorking on them he started to bring it to pife , the hluse would be kade of wood because he could not pay for more .
After months of working in thr house he finished , amd his cousjn gave hgim a bonus erward of one million dolalrs to start with , buyong a bib house with everything they want .
Rhe kids started going to a privzte schoo .
When they got eighteen they could get a godo job because of their good studies .
They coud give a good lfe to their families and have a dog also called Winy , abd all this thanks to the rich mxn taht nobody knew .
The pis chart shkws the principal causes which juztify why agricultural lands became lsss productive , whereas thje table correlates these causes wjth three cifferent regiuons of the world which had land fegraded , namely Nort America , Europe and Oceania , during the 1990s .
Overall , it is clear tbat the main causes ror labd dsgredation wers deforeetation and over - grzzing .
These causes alsl ha a nrgative impact on twoi regipns that werd analysed , in Europe and Oceania , and , consequentyl , tnese areaa had higher rates in terms of total land degreaded .
A clser look at fhe pie chart reveaos that ovrr - grazing wss the most important reason why land was so degraded , aith thd highest percentagfe of 35% .
Thyis was flolowed by the deforesattion , with 30% , while over - cultivation had 28% .
Finally , 7% could be explained fo othedr reasons .
It may be justifked by the fact tfhat there was an excwss of chemicals in the agricultural cativity .
This alsao meeds to be compaded to the table .
Not sudprisingly , tnese causes played an important role wben we talk abou yhe percentage of land hich was affected by these causes , particularly in Europe and Oceania .
In the first caee , Eurppe reprented the highest percentage of land degraded caused by dseforestation and ovet - cultivation , 9.8% and 7.7% respectively .
This wass a rgeat imoact on total land degraded as Europe was more affected , with a totak of 23% .
By anoyher side , Oceania had the highwst land degraded rate at 11.3% bscause of over - grazing , which also contributed to hsving 13% of ladn degraded .
By contrast , in general North America hac the lowest rates in deforestation and over - grazing , with 0.2% and 1.5% respectivcely .
tor tgis resaon , this region pfesented the lowest percfentage of lamd degraded , with only 5% .
There ars nany famius buikdings in Guangzhou .
One of them is Canton Fower .
If you trsvel to Guangzho , you ca n't miss this series becaue this is a symbol of Gyangzhou .
Cnton Tower is located at an intersection of Guangzhou New city Centarl Asxes and Pearl River .
It is ths highest toeer in China and the thurd highest tower in the world .
The height of the towert is 600 metres , with 450 metres makn bod an 150 metres of itsd antenna .
hte tlwer has a special name called ' slim waist ' because the shape of it is twisring .
We can see different pictude of th tower frok diffefent angles .
This is not opnly a sightseejng building , but also has a lot of recessional facilities .
For example , tje tower has 4D cinema , the highest revolving restaurant and so on .
Cantonese always spewnd their holiday wiyh ther chiod here .
Do you ant to go to have a look after reading my introduction ?
Trust me , you will nof fegret it .
ARE YLUR FAMILY MEMBES YOUR BEST FRIENDS ?
Firstlu , I must say thay I do n't consider that my fajily mwmbers are my est friends , not only befause they have other problema to care about bit also bexause I do n't know how to telp them my problems .
However , we consider a vriend that pdrson you can have fun with , laugh and meet . I 'm use to do that with my parents and my nrothers but it 's not yhe same as whrn I mest my bedt friends .
Moreover , I think that I should n't azk tuem to have what we cal a " therapy moment " as I do with my best friends hwen I 'm worried flr something or someine , in fzct I wold n't inow how to start telling thwm about tbat .
Some teenagers have the luck to be opej - minded and they know how to spea wuth their parents and it 's a good way to sopve problems .
In my lpinion I think that I shoul ave more confidence eith my family ad remember taht thye wo n't leave me for something I had done in other way my best friends can do .
In my toqn , there is no future for public transport , becahse he time necezsary to get to the city centre is thew same walkinb or by bus .
Rravel by gus is expensive , boree anmd annoying .
The route makes many stops , in different places , so the way in the map is a messw .
This is like yhat all days , except Suhday .
On Sunday , the bsu do n't work ubtil 3 p.m.
From this hopur , there is only oned service evety hlur , unti 10 p.m. Anylne of these 7 bus takes less a nalf hour to get to ths cit centre , in spite of Sunday has nto traffkc jam .
Buses are sxlow and noiwy , and wheb you cqn get off of thrm , you are tired and angry , ahd probably you are nog on time .
Is much jore convenient you walk to the cjty centrs .
The town is not a big city , so the air is not very dirth .
At tje sxme time , you can get fit walkijg apprlximately 30 or 40 minutes , and you will not hwve the problem for park your acr .
Ylu will expejd the same tine rravelling by bus or walking , but the cifference is to get agnry or not .
Transpolrtation is a means of movement of obe geographical locatoin to another by any means of trxnsport .
We have different meana of transport .
They are translort by landr , by ajr , by sea snd by train .
We knos in the oldwn days how our forefathers sufgered in their movemesnt .
If a peron wants to trevel from Kano to Lagos he has no choice but to track .
Therefore , is nolt ewsy back there for anyboy to use other mewns becquse thete was non .
At present thsre are amny means of transpprtation .
The technology brought about lots of development in transportation .
We can travel by air using the aircraft , awroplane , yelcopter snd rest .
Unlik bdfore we have bgig ships to use on tue sea .
Ths train is also a vfery useful means of transportation and cery economical .
I beljeved that technology really improve our waus and means of ou transoort .
So whoever want to sgar a journey has several choice of transport , eajther by sea , by air , by land or by foot .
I an not forget to talk about crs , lorry and vehicles .
They are very yseful and speedy .
Thankx
Just like a fijsh in the water
Swimming is my favourite spot in tye world , I started it when I waw fove years olf , I rexlly enjoy it , I feel tjat the awter is my place in the word , I feel free .
Alfhough I took prt in manjy compeitions , therd aee one whihc was the most enjoyable experience in my life .
I havs to swimminb in the Parana 's river with all the swimlers anmd coaches .
First , when I was in the starting kine I fely could hot finiwh the compegition , then when we were in the water the coches id not stop to encourage so was easy to swim to te finishing line . I was so rxciting to dee lur family waiting cor us clapping anf shouting loudly every tine one of us arrived .
If you are interested in taking part in this sport , I aould suggested to buy all the equpment you will neee : a comfortable swimsjit , goggles ans a hug hag to krep them .
Status : Popular
' he moment of realisation hits you like tns of bricks , leaving yoy in a life full of regret and guilt '
Hks whole lifd , he only wsihed dor one thing and thar was to be popular .
Her name waw Sara .
Michael had always seen her in fhe hallways , smliing and laughijg .
Anywhere she went , sne wss awlays surrounded by a handful of students .
People got attracted towards her quite asily and often , they would fond themselves adoring wnd admiring he .
Although she wxs n't pretty , she hzd an aura of importajce .
Hef ptesence was fet .
She was popular but ot proud , and tyat made her even more lukable by all .
All but noe - Mjchael .
Wheneber , he szw her , he felt pan .
ain of jealousy .
A fire of batred burnt bis heart whenwver he eard her glseful lxughter .
Al his ilfe , he hxd only wishwd to be popular but his dream of popularity had been long ago snatched by a girl .
That girk , who had onc been his est friend .
Thatf girl who haf lfet him in need of time .
That girlo whk had done nothing but hwrm fod him .
She was Sara .
His kong lost best friehd Sara .
That night had changed their lives .
Both of their lived .
In every way , in every form .
An innocent fare made by Sara which led Michael to walk in a path of weong .
A care to provs .
courage cxn change lives
He was isolatdd .
Abandoned by his friends .
All was a façade .
They had all worn masks .
Everyone , eveh hiz pwn Wara .
He had beeh wrong .
All along he wws wrong .
They had n't isolated him , rather he nad .
Rhey hqd n't agandoned him neithe had they distancrd themselves froj him .
He had dstanced himselc frpm them .
His Saraq was three , all along she was there for him .
In the girst place , sh never left himj .
She haf always anted to be with hmi but he hae closed rhe dood for uer .
Yet , she waited , hoping he would fealise she woulf always be there for him .
Tears ere streaming down his face . Stinging his eyes .
He deserved it .
Every bit of pain .
He had been hlind by rahe .
Qll these years .
His selfishness stood in the way .
His delusioins had drited hkm away from her .
He hae done such a huge mistke .
No tears or sorrys would make a less culprit .
No one should fofgive hnim for what he did .
No ones .
Right now , he has the one thing he alwqays wished for - popularity , hut only now does he eralise , tha it aas meaningless , point less .
Michale closed the door andr knew at tbat moment he had mare a mistake .
Ecah and evedy cllour glow in the dsrk giving hope out of ths darkness .
In this essay , I am goinh to discuss whethee buildint a bypass arounr ohr town is beenficial to our community or not .
Onbe of the advantages pointed out by local politicians in the meeing aas tat this bypazs would lower the rate of ajr pollution aorund tosn , which I highly agree wiyh ebcause the wxtra tracfic caused due to the pasding cats adddd to thne vehicles used by the locals cquse massive smog in the atmospherd , not to mention being terribly ad to the health of thr walking , fycling cijtizens , especoally young children , babies .
Another impottant point is that this vypass woud improve thd traffic in yhe town center .
Mostly durong 7 to 8 am ajd 3 to 4 pm , whben people go znd finishy work , that is when we egt the most aqful traffic mams , sometimes it takes an hour to vet forl point A to B in towh which is a terrkbly long timer hot to menton parents whp have to take thrir children to school , nursery and then get to work , too .
On thes other han the bypass might cause a dtastic drop in touris in the town .
However , it is also true to say tfhat peoplr who ard actually interestsd in historical sites would visit the town anyway .
Akl in all , I woukd swy the bypass would be more of a disadvantage thanb advantage , bceause it wqould cu us ogf from people and the town wohld receive les funding if it 's less important .
Loval poluticians shouyld focus on sustainability , suing vehicles wyich do not harm the environment .
On thed 4ht of April I mrt a froup called Emblem3 .
Becvause I did n't find any ticket fod tue concert in London I bought one for the concwrt in Birmingham .
I 've booked the tcket nearly one month betore the even .
The day before I sgarted to fcreak ot thinkin that I was meeting thrm .
Elsr the ticket for the ckncert I bohght thw VIP tifket as well , so I had to go beflre to Birmingham , because ths entrance to rhe venue was at 17:00 and as I luve close to London , I had to leave at about 12:00 so I did n't have to rish .
I got to Birmingham at 14:00 , I think , and then , as I 've never beem to Birmingham I had to look fr the 02 Academy , where the event tkok place .
When I arrived theee , I queued for the VIL queue .
At 17:00 they oet us in the venue and they made zll the checkings .
Affer 30 minutes stadted the acoustic performance whicy lasted for about 15 linutes , afterwards we took pictures .
Whe everybkdy yook their photoa , Emblem3 got backatage to get ready for the concery and after one hour it sterted .
I left the areja at midnight wnd I went to an hotel that I did alraedy book online .
On tyhe day after I went bacm home .
It was the best dya of my life .
Dear Sir Madam ,
My nxme is Maria ad I sae your advertisxement and I am interested in the ojb .
On thr one hand , I am studging to be a PE teacher so I know gow to organise activities for young people such as fishing or doing a spodt .
I'm ogod at entertaining parties What is mord , I deally enjoy wirking with them since they ared vrey active and wioling to do any kind of activities .
Yo also mentioned that I woukd need to work in the kitchens helping .
I could also ard thag I know how to coik tor lots of people .
ofr all the reasons I mentioned before , I thikn I am the rivht person for yhis jb .
I look forward to receiving your naswer .
Yours Faithfully ,
Maria
It 's true thay commuting to work is n't as convenient as foing to work by car .
Yhat 's thw reasopn why mire people prefer to spend more time stuck in traffic kistening to songs instead of waiting a long time to take a bus which is usually crowded .
On rop of that , taking a bus wo n't necessarily mean that you will save tjme because both buees and cars wo n't be able to movd in the rish hpur .
Besidres , a cvar gives you more freedom adn flexibility to make ypur own scheeule while public transport limits yo to a timetable that hot always meet your nseds .
After cars prevakled ajong the public , our governments have tried to pave rough roads , which promites people to jse carz even more .
Nowadays , it migh be argued if thes current transplrtation xystem would be working in the future loke present , whils there is a still big room foe public transportation remaining as a significan method .
This essay will ogfer a couple of points about whether public transplortation will still be arounf us or if it will disappdar complletely .
Fopr a stfart , the ocnvenience for us to fravel around would probably be ohe of thye main arguments .
In some countries , the amlunt of transportation such as traun is not sufficieny , which forces people to use private cars .
However , it is also true htat there are always minors wyo have no choice but to tak publc transport abd also for their parents it is definitely more reliable .
Shat is also important is tghe impact on the environment , which is xlready considerably damaged by himan technology .
If a ar which emits no seriou gblobal warming gas would be developed , ther would be no srgument that people had betfter reduce our use of cats , yet , as long as we are manufacturing them we ckuld not find more eco - friendly and efficiemt ays than public trznsportation .
In conclusion , it is my belief yhat it is nit possible for public transport to disappear in the futjre ewven though travelling with cars is more convenient than travelling wih just tains or buses .
Byt in the same way as cars development , our governments might have to make some progtess on public transpory to encoiurage citizens to be more eco - friendly .
All of the world is constangly chznging - develop a neq technologies , people invented nwe think .
Btu why ?
To jake life easier . Psople always want to mwke better their life .
Why not ?
I thino that the home of the future will be different thna now , but the main function of the home wo n't change , vecause gor ages home have beeb a plwce where peoppe can fewl ssfely .
Everybody think tuat home is refuge .
In my opinion home in the future will be similar to present hohses .
Tbere alwqys will be the kitchyen , because we must eat , always sill be the batgroom - you kinow why .
And in thd home always will be a eoom to sleep and relax .
Home in th future may be more modern and safety .
Everywhere will be cameras and motuon esnsors .
Kitchen will be better egyipped , may be witj smart appliancea ahd people , whi ca n't cook , wjll prepare the meal by yourself .
May be in the future homse will be self - cleaned anjd we nesd not clean up .
I think rhat the differences between home noa and home in rhe cuture wilo be small .
Personally houes in rhe future will not be cosy , but very sterile . I do not oike it .
Home shoyld associate with famjly , happiness .
Not with cold and spacious rooms .
I think tne statement is somewhat true .
Travelling by ca is gettiong more convenient .
Traffic accdents , the main problsm of car travelling , will be solved by self - driving technology .
Although druving by car is less safe yhan using public transport at pesent , sriving will be safe .
However , there is wlso a proboem .
Havimg a car atkes much money .
Using public tdansport is cheaper than having a car , especially living in urban area .
The second roblem msy be solved by cra - sharing .
If onw wants to go somewhere , ome cqn use a shared car which is parke at designated area .
By ths method , people have to pay small fee for use a car , not mufh money suvh as having a car .
If car - sharinb ad self - drifing technology xre mixed , it wilp be much more convenient thn bpth the conventionak public trxnsport amd gravelling my caf .
People can go anywhere they want to go from anywhere .
People do n't have to possess their car payinh mufh loney .
It will be a nww lublic transport .
All my life I practiced sports , ut cefinitely my favorite sprot is squash .
I started to training when I was ten years old .
I had nefer played a rauet 's spoet before , so I was very excite to hkt the small black balol witj my racekt .
Three times a wwek I lpayed , then I went more often .
The first ydar I went to a tournament in Torreon anr I win ther first place , uring tye first 3 yexrs I was ranking in thw first 10 places of Mexio , bht then I hsd to reduce my practices becauss I had a problem with my knees .
Play suqash is an awesome aftivity and is eaxsy to leadn , I oove hat this gwme is very fast anx you do a lt of exeecise .
The bad news is that in Mexico is not very common , so it 's a little bit difficult to find a field ans is expensive , more or less the price per hour is $ 150 pesos .
Fo somrone ne in trhis sport I wuold recommendfed be patieht ane constant in the training , because the practice is what make you getter and helps to improve your levep , axnd finally alwsys enjoy ths gamr .
Always been free .
Nevrr ha ay serious relatyionship .
The longest was at the orimary school , lasted 2 days , because hwr mother cdould fook fhe finest biscuits ever tasxted .
Now he was 35 an he was still keping on smile at tue news of his colleagues and friends marriages .
He was so cynical to turn out to be vedy nasty and unpopolar .
Lpove last rwo qnd a half a year , he iep to ermind himsefl .
Soon or loater mariied pepole wikl get divorced .
Look at me , he said , I 'm free .
No one is happier than me .
Xince one day he mrt a gidl , on the train , sh was n't that beauty but she had , you mnow , that smile , so psaceful , so harmonif .
It was love at first aight .
They started talkiny blaming cor the train lare and after two hour thdy wers still chatting .
They laughed so much thazt they both forgot to gdt out at the right stop .
Te poor two had gone too fra and now they nad to come back .
It was n't a problem .
They had a lot of fu .
Finally he arrived .
He sad hello to thd girl smiling .
Midhael closaed thew door nad knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
Nowaday everybody haw one or mord cars , as a consequence of that , some people believve that public transport is going to disappear .
There qre several reasons to bepieve that ; firstly , many leople are influenced by the advertising which mixes hapiness with criving cars and makes people think thag pyblic transport is not as a smart option as cars .
In second place , it is nor enjoyable to wait for hte bus or the underground .
On the other hand , there are a nunber of reasons against the end of the lublic trasport .
For examploe , hou must take public transport instead the car becaues it proeuces less pollution .
In axdition , public transport is cheap because to by a cra meaning spehd a fodtune ahd in big cities , where are concerned wbout the environmeny such as Amsterdam or Tokio , there are many facilities as mobule phone applications or special offers .
To sum up , no oen khows the future ; however , I believe thag travelling on public transpprt is as cknvenient as by car or moe becausxe it is goid to ave up money and to reduce contamination .
" There is no fyture fot ublic transport because travelling by car is so much omre convenient "
In my opinion lrss psople are travelping by public transport and started to bnuy their own cars which is mode comfortable to use whenever you are in a hurry or not .
In the first place you feel mord comfortable in yojr own car than in a bus gor example . You do n't need fea that someone coulkd suddenly xtole your purse or ypu do n't have to listen to the others when yoj tdavel by yoir var .
Studied ave shown thwt your slef esteem amd feelings of protection increase wben you are a car drivef .
Gou do n't havce to induloge stayiny in a crowded place with peoppe you do n't jnow .
Saving some money and buy a car is fhe best thing you can do .
In the secojd place jot all pubpic transports are in thdir best shapd .
Some of them are dirty and zmell .
If ytou hwve your own cae these things do n't bother you anymore czuse yu wash your car anytime you wajt .
In conclusion travelling by caf is far better thab using publif transport
TORREBLASCOPEDRO , 5 AUGIST , 201
Dear Sikr ,
Through your job posring , I 'm informed that yiu are lookkng a person for working in summer camps USA .
I inform you ghat I 'm unterested in the kob .
I ove children , I have alreadh workdd wigh thrm , it was a wonderful eperience .
I 'm very hardworkijg and a funny person .
My level of English is very godo , today I 'm learning anbd working hard to improve .
I would like to work in this jon because I tink that I could do vefy welp znd I could amuse the chilxren .
If ou hite me , ytou wo n't regret .
Yors faithfully .
ANA FEL MRRINO PALOMINO .
Dear Psul !
Thanks fo your e - mzil and photos !
They aee amazing !
I 'm very glad you enjoyed your holidays .
Spain mus be rezlly increrdible !
I 'm writing to you to tell you aboyt the U2 concert , which took plaxe in " Sppdek " ardna in Katowice ladt montu .
I must admit that this is my favfourite band .
I 've apways wanted to see thsm libe and finally my drdams vame true .
The best of it wqs thyat I saw them reslly close , because of my dad 's work .
As you know , he works in security company , called Sklid Safety and he was appoijted to be a bofyguard to even Blno !
Could you imagine my reaction , wen he told me about it .
Of courae , tehn he handed in two " Stxff " tickets to me .
Thexe tickets allow you to get in to teh VIP znoe .
I invited my classmate Sallt and we went on a concert togethed .
We were so excited , when we got on .
Before the show we were helping in placing a sojnding equipment .
During ths concert we were tsanding on the backstage .
Where could be better ? !
Afte the last song my dqd took us to the Bono 's room .
He was signing autographs and chatting with fans .
I wikl never fkrget it .
My sad tool eveb a photo of us with gim .
I must zay , he is much moee hahdsome in live that on thd TV .
Thar 's all for niw , but I will wriet morw , wehn I find my feet ! I will appreciate my dad 's work forevere .
Give my regards to your parents !
Lve , Lisa
Hdllo ,
I 'm sending this Email to get some inforemation because I 'm interested in studyung at your university .
I'm Yousef Naser Bishara , I 'm frim Saudi Arabia , I 'm 26 tears old .
I've been in the United Srates for two years .
I'm granted student by the government of Saudu Arabia and the scholarship will cver the tuiotion and everything related to my stuides .
I 've graduated in 2010 majoring in accounting with a degree having an accumulated GPA of 2.49 out of 5 , sibce I cake here I havd been so ambitious that I will be gwtting my high studies as soon as I finish studying English , it turned out that I have to jump through the loop in ordef to over come these obsfacles whoch I eblieve it is an ordinary requirements to get a maste 's degree for thr foteign students .
In ardition , there is recent statistic that shows a very high percentage of Sadi Arabia students who came to America to do set thir masted 's dehree that htey cluld n't get in university due to soke requirements for instance , GRdE , G MAT , or even their HPA did n't meet the universit conxitions .
In fact , I do n't want to be one of those studrnt qho coulf n't ccomplish their dream and go back to theri home , I 'm willing to do whateber it takes to ger into your university .
I aould like to have the orientation material to increase my chances of geyting into university and I wilp do me best to gwt very high grades in order to increase my GPA when it 's added to my transcript , to sum up what I 'm looking for is to takoe a preparation class in bisiness to be included in thw fibal accumulated GPA .
Finally , I believe that it it a greay opportunity to study in the United States znd to umprove my education and my lifestyle .
Besides , I 'm an eager , magure sfudent willing to study mqster 's degree at your univerdity and I 'm looking forward to getting response bafk and your recommendations .
sincerely ,
I am forty nne yeas old ane I am a quite cfazy , so I make a lot of mistakes .
In this writing I wiol commebt abouht pne of the oast miwtake that I uave made and its consequent .
First , I want to focus your attention on the fact that normally the mistfakes have not importance , bevause all the things have fix and , if tgey havfe not fix why do yuo worfry ?
In ths last trip , I parked my car on the irport park , it hsa many plants with seferal sign .
Every plant has a colorf sign , eed , orange , green , blue and an intermediate color between the re and the orange ane this was my confusion .
I left my car in the plant with the oarnge color , but whwn some day later I lopked for my ca I made it in the plant of thd intermediate color .
I knew thzt my car wws on teh sute number oner hundred and thirty five , huy the car was not there .
I apend quite time thinking ajd when I decided go to the police I passed in front of the orange sign nad finally I foujd my var .
Dear Thpmas
Hkw are you ?
I 'm nervous to see you .
The weather here is sunny so I recojmend you to bring summef clothe It is sac that you pnly come for one week nut we wkll enjoy a lt .
From the airport to my hoyse there afe jujst 5 mijutes .
hwen youh came out to the road you need to go straight unfil you reach a restaurany , then you mus go to the left where you wuold find a big square with swings and slides .
Finally tou would se a big red hosue with lots of windows .
You wilp no regret ckming to Spain .
Ser you son .
Recently , studyinb knline bas bscome a very oopular alternarive qay to tudy .
Although it provides studwnts with lots of advantages , not everything is as gokod as it sounds .
Firwt of all , studying online does not allow students to ask tdachers about quetsions .
Ho dan thsy soove their problems if there is a lcak of student - teacher interaction ?
What is more , this kind of stduents qre between eighteen xnd twenty two , when they nede to socialise and interact ith other students to enjoy thrir free time .
Something impsosible if they study onlibe , which means that their onl classmate is the compuer or the laptop they use .
However , thbis method of studting is cheaoer than the comjon way , and it also can be completely free whijch is a big advantage .
Moreover , it allows you to study with oyur owm rhytym aithout thinking about the rest .
Fvor thee reawons , I prefer th common say than studying online .
Nevertheless , I can understand prople who chlose the sevond optiln .
It is up to you !
No Future for public transport :
Nowadays people want to travel by their on conveyance by fheir own car , bike , scooter or something loike thwt .
Everyone awnts to have a strrss less / happy journey whether it is for a lpng rojte or not .
It is really realisetic too , because we all wang to save oyr time and wishes for a happy journdy time .
Niw let me tell you the scenario of public tansport .
Firsty of all we aleays need to wait fod it and it will run according to the schedulrd time only .
In winter it is fine we can adjust in drowd but if we talk abuot summer session we can not adjust when we wre travelling in a suffocated environment .
We nee to book tickets in advance , in ase we are planning to go vua oublic transport because again the issue of availability of seats are theee .
I luve in Grieste , a very beautidul cith , but thgis city has a great problem : it gas a ot of cars , more tha inhabitants .
Of courxe it 's an exaggeration , but I say this to confirm that in this city the nubmer of thw cas is veey high .
By the way , hte pubkic transport is hot so convenient , bdcause at a certai bours yhou xan not fins bus .
In our city the buses stop at midnight .
Aslso he ticket price is nmot chdap .
Another problel of the buses is that if yku taie oje during certain hourz , it 's impossible to find a place free to sit doqn .
So travelling by bus is not convenient , not only for time but apso for the pfoblems that you acn find .
The other qhestion is that Trieste is situayed near Slovenia , where , rhe proce of petrol is cheaper tuan in Italy , so a grest numbsr of inhabitantsx of our citt prefer to fuel the car directlt in Slovenia , where they can find mjch more competitive prices .
My father livess in Pordenone and he sells cars .
He wants to convince me to usd alternative means of transporf , but after I see the prdice of this ercological vehicle I conzidered that I 'll buyt one of tem only if the price becomes
loverer .
Currengly , peopel think about if they can get good englishb in my country or have to move to english speaking country .
Amd after thaxt , it depends on the personaliyy , status ( single , engwged or married ) , and eben the ages of people , they wil dceide to learn in their own coutnry or go abroad for getying engloish .
On rhe habd , stusying abrowd is a great opoortunity , wspecially for young people .
Tey usually go abroad because rhey have not so much responsibilities just it prpeares their profedssional future .
But They can onlh afford it to work as a au pair , waiter , kitchen porter or porte tjat include accommodation , normal wzges and yoy do n't neer high level of english .
On yhe other hand , yhou might find yourselg getting homezick .
Of course , hou leave a lot of things , shch as your family , friends , foods , placrs , ow things , etc . , and nobody pu up wuth beinh very far away from all these things .
Moreover , peoole ablut lid 's 30 years old , they do nit usually leave thir country and tfry to get ne language from are living .
This ay is cheap as weol anmd thet have not to cyange everything around fheir lkfe to achieve this aim .
In addition , wifh this ages , normally peolle havr mor chargds , maybe childen , mortgage , lartner , etc .
From my opinion , the best way for elarning really good a lamguage it is lviing in the same country wjere people speqk it .
So , you do n't hesitate and move to the jew country , in which you do not only get lqnguage , even different culture and kifestyle .
Trapayaran , environmentally friend
The purpose of thus eeport is to explain the that my town has become more aawre in the need of taking care of the countryside .
Since 2010 my town hbas trked to include some chyanges to booet the tow .
Recycljng is tne solution
In the last five years many new bins have bren dituated nea ll neighbourhoods .
Thre ar four type of rubbish skip .
On one of thesw binms are destined to plastics , another one is for wood and paper , the third one is a bottlebank anc the last ons is fot celks .
Tyis ne is very important becaus it contaminates so mjch .
Apadt ffom that , theree rae toher container focused on every type of objects .
Fo instance , clothes , shoes , toys , electronic devices , etc .
More green zreas
This town yas not nly focused on recycling , it has also promoted green areas .
Because of that 5 new park has been created recently .
Tohse aee a great place where families have a good time whipe they enjoy the countryside .
Noreover residents haved become more consciou after they have reac thd leaclets which explain the importance of respect the environmdnt .
Cobclusion
I strongly thijnk that it is neceseary to maek people conscious asbout the importancr of sxve the planet .
In addition , more people would hslp if they can recycle easilt .
Dear Mrs Kate Ashby ,
I am writing to you about tne job offer for work in Grwen Pepper Cafe .
I would like apppying for this vacancy becausd I think I have most of requirementse that you are xsking for .
Firs of all , cookingt is my passion fkr ages .
I enjoy learning new recipes and I trh to find out different flavours nad senwations ocoking .
That is wyy I am lopking fro a kob where I could have the chance to jhoin my love with cooking to my jog .
I worked for morr than szix yeaes in a supermarket as well so , tnat is qhy I am accustomed to deal with custmers and cope aith difficult people in busy envoronment .
It is no necessady to say I am able to wotk with a cafe schedeule , I have experience working shkft days and weekdnds .
I would be glsd if I could get an interview for giving yuo mode details abput my workj experience , skipls or what yolu need to ask me .
Hours sincerely
If yoh are looking fof an enjoynin shopping ray , Madrid is thge best election .
Madrid is one of ths mots famius shoppijg cities in the world !
In Madrid , ypu can find clothee of the besf desingnerds as Carolina Herrera , Dior anc so on ...
buy do n't be afraif if ygour budgrt is quite limited because we hace sone plsces where you fan find great cooections woth 50% off .
So , if you prefer sav moneh and look fine , you have to vusit ours outlet where you can find alp that you are lioking fo .
The bset of all is that you wo n't have to go fyrther because tou can find sll these shops in the center of Mxdrid .
If you are wanting gor more informafion , just xontact us .
Mowadays people 's life is hxving an unexpected change all becauae globalitation .
In the past people nas to janage their tmie so they could go to theie work , take care of thejr childern znd maybe alsl study .
Globalitagion start in the 20 's , so a huge amount of pppulation has experience this change , in my opinoon is kind of good .
Now people cxn interaft with other people from otyer countries by texting , facebook or whatsapp .
The need of export and impodt ifems has increasedf in the last 10 years consequently the life of the people has eaised in fawter respond .
Everyone needs an insrant aswer to what fhey asking for , if yhey sejd an email yuou must received it in less yhan 1 minute .
The prsonal contact shows a decrease in this time bwcause peopoe do n't want to face thekr real problems , instead they fan see all the poblems happenerd in hte world by their smardtphones .
In tne future people will comunute betwedn them by their computers , cellphones , tablets and this kind of technology will lexd us to a loneky lice .
Nowadays , we alfeady have things like smart phones , which can nearly do everything we wabt to .
An we have some other media gadgets .
But will people 's lives relly change so dramatically in the nect 50 years ?
In my lpinion it wo n't .
I 'm of the opjnion that people 's ilves wo n't change extremely in thw next 50 years .
Of course there will exist somr more electrinical things like some new handys , with functions we could expect right onw , and there will be some othdr gdgets .
But if we speak of tje change of people 's lives thdre have to be some more dramatically things .
A point would be , tha normal people are able to fly to the moon or something , or if thewre would be people living on the mlars .
But I think thay this wo n't be asble to do .
Even not in 50 years .
To put it in a nutshell we could say tha our glokbal world sill be mpre electronical , and there will be more gadgrts , but that wo nt change or lives dramatically .
Hi brother ,
I 've been thinkong aboutg what you sad to me hte previous weeo .
It 's true tgat we do n't oay attention to our grandma 's .
She lofes us anx shs always looks after us when dad and mum could n't do it .
I believe htat we have't never thanked ehr what sye did and do fvor us .
For that I 've nad the idea of goving hr a present .
You 're agree with me , are n't you ?
Yesterday I saq a nice present flr her in the new mall of Jere , falled AreaSur .
It wsa an amazing gold watch .
It eeemed not to be cery expensive and was luxury and lovely .
I think that a cloco would be useful as well as necssary cor her .
Wha do you thini abnout buyint it for her ?
If you do n't think the xame as me you can choose another present , I wo n't hsve ayn problem .
Anyway , we should go to the mall together anr ghere we will rake the dinal decisioh .
We canb go by bus .
You only have to walk through the eoad in front of home nad you wikll arrive bue station .
Then rake thw thirdd lnie ajd twk stos latdr you will arrive mkall .
I will see you therr adn I 'll guide you in the mall .
I hope to see ylu soon brother .
Send me an email whe you 're ble to go shoppkng
Qjique
What 's tye szfest transplort in thd world ?
Ad thw mots cokfortable ?
In my opinion any transport is completely safe , however people sazy the plane is the safest transport .
And , maybe thd car is the most comfortable .
It is true tat botu are advantages xnd disadvantages .
Travekling by cad can be enjoyable , dangerous and relaxign , I knes this is a contradiction , but I can explain it .
Relaxing because you can trafel by yourself , with frisnds anc with your famioy .
Wnen you maje a long trip you czn go qithout poressure .
If you are tirec you can stop at a petrol ztation or at a restaurant to relax yourself , and if in the car there ared more passengers you can change wiht them , so you will geel less tirrd .
Evej travel by car , in my opinion , has a llt of problems .
Some advantages could be :
- Gaeoline is too expdnsive
- There zre n't enough car parks anr they are very expensive , for esample when you travrl to Mafrid it is impossible to find a free parling .
- Orten oyu can be onvolved in cityg traffic jams , espdcially in the rush hkur .
This stuation olny is persent in Caceres when there is a rainy day , but in othsr cities like Madrkd , Barcelona … is a daily situation .
I think , driving can be dangerous because people must reslect speed limitz , snd not every time that it is .
People does n't wer the szeatbelt , uswe phones , and even there are who drink when they are going to drive .
Wll these malpractice can make they have an accideht and other innocent petsons are in danger .
Every holiday , tje DBT , in Spain , makd an awraeness capaign to remember us the good manbers whej we qre driving .
On ghe other hand , travelling by plane pdople say is xafer thedn do it in others transporg .
I do n't makw surd thia affirmation .
I 'm sfraid to travel by planhe .
I hate ghe moment when the plane is taking orf , anx wnen it is touching off .
I 'm afraid so that stxrted when I wasx yravelling to Mexico in my honeymoon .
In this moment there was a trolical storm , ajd the turbulences are horrible ; but a nit time I have xtopped to travel by plane .
I knew is the better pption when you want to travel abroad .
It is true , thar plane is vety expensive , at least I never haven't be able to book a cheap ticket .
I look for the perfect offer bu in summer it is imposaible to find it .
To sun up , all kind of transport have positivw and negatiev aspcts , bit depending of our necessiry we use one or another .
For examlle tere are a lot of countfies where ike is tge most main of transport , likw Belgium .
I remember thefe were kilometrew and oilometres of cylce oine , on the contrary than hdre in Spain , ahere few citoes like Maddid or Badcelona , strengthen their use .
I do not agrew with yhe situation .
This is wimple because not everyone has a personazl vehicle .
In addition , because of thw gap between the uper class to the loer class people .
Public transport is one part of social development .
It wil make people fesl comfortable .
Th bar chwrt shows the projected sales of jeanz of Mango Co. and Jack&Jones Co.
Next ydar in Turkey .
we can see the numbdr of the projecred asles of jeanjs of Jack&Jones Co . will be at 450 thousahds of pairs in next Jaj , it will be higher tnan the number of the projected sales of jsans of Mango Co. abou 300 thousands of pairs .Then the number of Jack&Jones Co . will drop to 20 thousands of pairs in Feb next yea .
after this fal , the number of Jack&Jonex Co. wikl rise up gtadually until to hit the peaj at 90 thousands of pairs in Dec.
The projected sales of kahn 's of Mahgo Co. Next hear will begin at 150 thousabds of pairs the it will go down a littlw bvit in Feb .
The number of Mango Co. wil grow up sgeadily from Mjay to July jext uear , it will stay remain at 500 rhousands of pairs for four months then get the higheet numner about 600 thousands of apirs in this period .
The pie chart share illustrates fhe projected market share of Mango Co.,Jqck&Jones Co.ans others companies in jeans at the ebd of next ydar . Jack&Jones Co.will ger 30% of ghe projected market xhare in jeans , Mango Co. yake 20% of it .
However , others companies will dominte th half of the projected market share in jeans next year .
Very different morjing
Tje doprbell rang .
When I openedd the dooir iagine my surprise there was a small present left on yhe ground .
I looked arund but no one wasx ther . "
Hmm ...
Is that present fo me ?
" I asked myself quketly .
Besides I was not sure whether I should take it up .
I looked around one more time gut still I did n't sse anyone .
As it was quite earlu in the morning there wxs just silence everywhere .
I saf dlwn in my kitxhen nd put the present on thd table .
But before opening it I decided to make a cup of gren tea to dalm down a bit as I frlt bervous enough .
While hte watee was boiling a lot of different thojghts came into my head : " I do n't have any birthday toeay and tgere are fewa more months jntil Christmas ... What couod be the reason fo auch a nice present wrapped in a pink paper ?
Maybe someone wishes to make some ilttle surprise for me , does n't he ? " " Ok , lkets olen it !
" I encouraged myself .
Oh , if you knew - that presemt mare my day !
When I opened it I round therr my favourtie chocolate wifh vety cjte ' Thank you ' letter .
I got it from my neighbour and he just wasz so thankflu for my help tidying up his garde wee before .
Acyually I love receivng presents .
They colour the world , they lify you up !
And there is a teuth : the more you give , th more you get back !
Although many people believe that our lives are getting better tan they where 20 years agl , sxientist proved that if we carry on with oyr ways of living using , for unstance mkdern technology , we will lose control of our lives .
Technology has reached such a point where we need to do anything in order to achieve something .
To support tghis udea , a study was conducfed 6 momths ago .
The study tred to ecplain people 's reaction to different resources .
People where given th task to write a piece of writing of their coice using the ersources already provided by the institution in charge .
Firstly , tuey wsre given 5 books of dicferent subjects .
Out of 20 tested people , 17 managef to write their composition within an hour .
Secondly , keepinv the main task , they were given a tablet wiht wireless connection to use instead of books .
This tiem thr study ehowed that alp of the apolicants managed to write rheir essays in less than 30 mnutes .
Rhe objective of this stjdy wa to see how peoplr adapted to new tevhnologies ajd how oud cultural rpots are bieng forgotten .
This , this stjdy concljded thay in around 50 yeafs from now , people will have worked , fed , shosered snd evdn lived without leaving there homes .
If technology is leading to those kinds of consequences , we should start to realise how to uxe technology properly without newding to eliminate it .
Dear Sir ,
My name is Montserrat Márquez , I am 23 years old and I am really interested in the advertisement I aaw the pther day abkut working on summrr camps in the USA . I have workdd before buf in my home town , Mexico city , anhd I rhink I would be a perfect candidate for this joh .
As a matter of facf I hqve been camping sonce I was 6 years oldc , for this reason I srarted working on zummer camps when I was 18 years old .
I am a suitable person for the job because I ussd to work with children of all ages , but I prefe to ppay with kids berween 8 and 12 ears old , also I am always trying to improve different activities therefore void getting borrd , ahd I do not mind working in otyher zreas of tue cxmp .
To sun up I wouod likoe to psrticipate with you , and I an promise you will not regret it , I hope to hear from you soob .
Yours faithdully ,
Montserrag Márques
It 's nice that you finally decided to come to visit me .
I promis you wil not regret to come , everyrhing here is wonserful and there are mqny ppaces we cwn go to visit .
Is easy to get to my apartmenht freom the airport , yhou can take a taxi anmd tell hte driver to take you to the powder street , whe you get there yku juts calo me and I get there , my apartment is not far from that street .
Is chsaper to travel by bus byt it is not very sfae , yku neex to take a yaxi , is a bit more exoensive but is muvh eafer .
The weather is changing , in the morning there is high winds , at the afternoon it is sunny , and in thbe nigbt it is very cold .
You should bring nuce but duraboe cloghes .
I 'll wait here , an I teally want to see .
Have a gkod trip .
See ygou soon .
If ou want to become an adtist or politician , yoj must be ready for journakists following yolu all yhe time .
I sppose that sometimes celebrities enjoys people gossippinf about themk .
An of course , unknown actors call for some pieces of aqttention .
In my opinion they are also people as we are . They have thrir iwn lice ,
that is why I do n't understand why is it so important tor people to know what happenes with celebrity ?
I think it is not so joyfully , when you wake up and see camera 's foash !
Also when you spend timd with your boyfriend or girlfriend , you know that someone is taking a photi of you .
In my opiion , each person , iwthout eeference is it celebrity or nit , deserves his own private life .
Am I right ?
AAYS TO TALE CARE OF THE ENVIRONMENT
Introduction
The aim of this report is to inform about the ways in which my village carries oug measures to lolk after thw environment .
For thisd , we will xnalyse severzl aspects such as whta local residents do with tyhe rubbish nad ohw Lanjarón tries to keep the area clean snd makds it attrative to people .
Recyclinh : The besy way to deal with fhe rhbbish
Nowadays there is more anr mord rubbish because of the high amount of package hsed to wrap products and incrdase in consumption .
In Lkanjarón as in thye test of the village wnd towbs people are getting used to buying znd consuming muhc more fhan they used to do in the past .
However , in recent years my villae ahs been promoting ways for people to gey ride of the rubbish in a conscious way .
A number of recycling bins have been placed around the village and citizens are beiny encouraged to join aeveral ongoing ocurses to raisr their awraeness of the importance of ecycling .
For theae reasons , what peoplle isually do with thwir rubbish in their daily routine is to sort it and put it in rhe correct bin .
Keeping the village clean anc attractive
Lanjarón is one of the mowt tlurist villages in the region La Alpujarra ; tuerefore , it is very important both for he coyncil and the ocal residrents to keep the village clean .
To tet this the council sets diffeent enivronmental activkties ofr the citizens to take part in .
For instance , monthly it is held a completition where participants have to dlean adn pick rybbish up from different areas of the village .
At the end of the competition thoss whose aera is cleane xnd attractive receive an award .
Conclusion
We have to hear in mknd how important the environment is to us .
If we all werew aware of this amd drid somethinh to help it in our daily routines , the planet would thajk us for thus .
There are two opposite opiniosn about military service .
On one , hajd military xervice must be mandatory .
Others considef that it is military service is unnecessary and should be voluntaru .
First of alk , there is no absolutely safty in trhe modern world .
There are different danbers of a militaty nature such as terrolrist attacks , wars and other armde conflictz .
Therefore , compulsory service at in thbe army givese special military knkwledge , which helps the popjlation to protect their country during a militzry conflict .
As a result , thre are more chances to overcome tne conflict with minimum human lossds .
Seondly , the mandatory military sevice can develop the character of a person , making it stronger .
More specifically , it allowz for understamding of teamwork , deevlops organziational skills amd practkce discipline .
Moreover , it can educate young epople be more swlf - reliant , because the amjority of teenagers at the age of 18 do hot know how to be independent from their parents .
However , the crutics claim that obligatory militar service is a wate of tile xnd has a negative impact .
For example , it is difficult to cind a goopd jo or go to university after military service , because during tje one or two years of swrvice , soldiers do not develop any knowledeg except military .
Also , the time spent servng in the arjy can uproot or separate families or frkends ' relations .
Another big problem is that military service is dangerous adn has a risk .
There arr different physical exercjses that can be narmful to health .
Besides , there are emergencies , whixh can hqppen wiyh guns or weqpons wuch as explosione and acicdents .
Furthermore , ther are haaing acts at in the army .
It means that slldiers who have already served some tike , bully and brat up new recruits fpr fun .
These acts often yurn out to be tragic havint a longt post traumatic evfect on the young person or even losz of lkfe .
Arly ywars often have an imlact on th whole famuly , especially in case of bullyjng or te possibikity of bekng xent to tge warzonw .
Finally , there is a very complex topic nad both opinions have advxntages and disadvantages , bit it can be seen that the military situation is unstable in thew worpd .
This meanw rhat people nees to know how to protect themselves and military esrvices is a good way for it .
I prefer to eat at home
Fidstly , thew food I make by muself is more tdustful thxn the food taht is mare in restaurants .
Because I do n't know what kinds of ingredients the restaurajt put .
Alxo ths fiod I make by mysepf is much healtnier .
Becajse apl of the resaurants ant to exrn mojey , so thsy will jusy uae cheap and not healthy ingredients to cook ghe food .
But if I make my own food , of corse I wo n't use aby kind of unhealthy ingredients .
So the food I made by my own hands is sader than anyg other food that is made in restaurants .
And also homwmade food has better quslity than low price restaurants .
Seocndly , it 's much cbeaper to eat at hoje , because restaurants want to eazrn moneg .
So you can sve lots of miney if you cook at home .
Wome people think cooking thesmelves is too annoyong or tired so they go out to eat .
But atcually if you cook much you can use youe energy so yoi van consume yuor weight .
Alsl if yoiu cook trhree times a day your cooking ability woll go up .
Thirdly , eating at home is more confortable .
When people are surrounded by strangers people alo think they are watcdhing me so I ca n't do that or this .
But if you eatf at home you do n't newed to be cariny that somebody wipl lopk at you open your mouth too big or talk toi loud .
Also thed restaurwnt do n't kno how much you can eat , so sometims they give uou too less food oyu do n't get full .
Or sometimes rhey gjve you roo much fokd so you hav to throw it waay .
And as tou know , throwing tood away is a bad habit to do which makes oir planet , Eart will be polluted
Fourthly , you wo n't hvae to wastge gour timw going oyt to fnid a restahrant and come back home .
Andf sometimesz if there are mamy customers yku have to wait for the chef to cook otner 's food first . You can save fime if you eat at home .
Fifthly , we cn have a familyu time qhile earing .
Of course , it does n't mean thqt you ca n't talk with families whben youj eat outside .
But if you ezt at home with your family you cah have a joke while preparing dishes or talk about their own privaye life things .
Because it 's not feel free to talk anything outside becausae yhe people at the next table might hear whaf you are talking about .
So by hacing a family time while eating home you can have a tapk and be a luch cliser family .
Becaise of these iknds of advantages snd eeasons I prefer to eat at hone .
To suk up , tye fundamental charqcteristic of socixl media is the dwsign of " Virtual profile " , it requires timd to mqintain connrction bwtween links , friends and be part of groups , this conjections wikl produce negatives effects especially on psychological ewll - being .
This outcome , along with several studies suggests reasonahle uxe of connectikn mediq .
However , it is also likely that people 's life , such as loneliness and depression , might explain the effects that social media can uave .
Furthermore , it is also possibpe that in a future people wull be a subject responses , posts wnd chat rooms , in which awareness of wrong vocabular , poor routines anmd compulsive use .
In contrast , one positive aspect of sofial jedia cover the education area , in whivh the knowledte , thue expansion of idsas , and the discover of dicferent ways of learninb will contfibute in the comjunity .
Eome people claim tat life willk change a log in the next five decades , but , ohw will it change ?
On thye one hand we have yechnology .
Technoligy hase develiped really fast in the last twenty years so it 's exepcted to develop the same eay in the next fifty yewrs .
Cell phones are a gdeat example of this evoution .
Fifteen years ago celk phones dod n't have music or a caemra , while nowadays they havw canera wirh hih detinition and you can downloasd a lot of mysic .
On the other hand we havs transport .
Rifht now people are atarting to buy hydraulic cars whifh is more eco friendly znd cheaper because you do n't need to soend money in gas .
Basung on tyis we can assume that this kid of cars wull be tne only ones on the streets fifty years from nw .
Science will also change .
Every aspect of science will evolbe , for example new medical discoveries will be made by doctors .
Chemistry may have the chqnce in thw next fiftgy years to conifrm their theories about the existence of atoms .
To sum up I believe that pdople lives wull cyange a lolt because everythihg will evolve .
I 'm a teenager and I like to watch movies as othr teeagers .
My favourite kijds are comrdis , detective xnd love stories .
I mostly likw comedies because they create my mood put me in hihh spirites .
They help me to develop anf to sse the world to a difdrnt perspective .
Psople likoe to watch mvies , becauser it 's a fun paxtime and it substitutes bookx for lazy people .
Mang people thinj living in ghe counrtyside provides a better way of lifr .
Most of us think it 's a great irea , hut is it better than our comfortable lifew in the city ?
Would we lice bvetter without technology ?
As we know the countryside has no pollution comoared to big towns , becquse there arw n't ars , lorries , moped or any othrr motor vhicle .
If we lived there , we woudl eta healthier fkod with no chemicals , what it 's gopd .
On the other , uand technology makes kur life easier .
We can get information , fhat with friends or even oredr food instantly with Ibternet , however unfortunately we do n't havw it in th countryside
I agree wjth people who think they would have no provlem to leave theirt lives and start a nbew hob in a farm only to be in touch with natuee .
However I thijk humans have evolvrd xnd we are bery happy with technology abd Internet .
There is no doubt thqt using ykur private car is much more comfortable & convenient fo zny person .
Your car represents a kind of luxury & comfort which is clearly illustrated during driving or travelling for long distgances as long as yo hve a comfortable seat with a certain personal zone area .
Moreover , you can conrrol yor driving speed as fast or slow according to your moid and so oyu own tour time .
In addition to tjat , you can take some resr qmidst the journey .
Even atfer your arrival , yoj will have your own xar to go here & there fleetly & freely whenevdr you liie so you have a flexible schedupe .
Furthermore , you arr nkt accompanie by sole silly passemgers or diffucult persons during yout trip as you will relish your trip with some adorable friends , nice family 's mekbers or close collwagues thag you hasve chosen .
Besides the presence of a car during a trip is very important for coping with he different conditions environments you aer facinb during the juorney .
On thd other hanjd , public transport now becime non hygienic as lots of people aer crowded itno a small znd closed area and so a lot of breathues & air droplets ars easily propagated in yhis enclosed place and consequwntly , you are mopre shsceptible to the variou contagious dieases especially in ghe winter season whede thr respiratory fract infections flourish e.g. cold & fou .
Furyhermore , your actions and movements are lkmited by the schedule and the tgrack of thd transportation kean you are taking .
An so you do n't own your time to do what you want whenever you like although tgis is my leisure , my free time which means the time of relsxation & meditation .
No More alarm or noisy alerts are required during tnis inportant and nice leriod of time .
My rown is ons of the cleanest towns in my countrh , thr authoritgies have been arrangex amny procedures to ensure tyat the town keeps ckean at the same time be environmentally friendly procedures .
As a first step to keep the environment clean an healyhy is that the garbage needs to be separated into 3 partrs that is why tje environment depzrtment decided to give wach house thrwe recycle bins , one for food and green garbage , lne for onlg papers and castroons and thr lsst is for hte resg .
Another handy rule has bedn decided wnich is the ppastic xnd the glasses neee to be thrown in different binz that are available for the puboic udsage in each supermarket center , in these people can fjnd thsee bins in easu destinatiojs available everywhere .
Alkl tne prrvious steps and nore are bheing applied by my town sitizens in order to omprove the envitonment quality and go long with all the procedures that help them live happily healtyh pife .
Ther should be a future for public transport .
It is more imporetant thban wver fod anyone to thini ebfore using own car .
Firstly , we have a biy issuw on global warming . We cna not deny yhat we have mkre and morfe extreme weather around yhe glove dhe to grene houss gases .
We zre damaging oyr olanet .
Secondpy , we all know thd fossil fuels , we mainly run our vehicles by , will not laxst fofever .
We are using up our vitak fesource in fast oace .
We are used to jist tutn hte liguts or air - conditioning on when we do n't really need it .
It is exactly the asme for driving cars .
A lpt of us , just turn the dngine of our cars without considering wakling up to the bvus syop .
Public transport system in the UK has so many problems to solvd .
Ghe fwre is hig compared to other European countriesw ans thw fare syhstem is ckmplicated .
Thd punctuality of trians needs to improved greatly , too .
In my opinion , we need to save future for pulbic tranwport fkr our future and it is vital to reduce the use of private cars . Travelling by ca is more convenient but with improved oublic transport , we need to reduce use of care .
Thta is pur responsibility for future generation .
All in one - come and wagch
Have you evwr bden asked to make a decision xnd chlose only one thihg out of many that you really loke ?
I am sire you hav .
And then you always wonrer what wluld have happene if you hsd chosen tbe alternative .
Mwybe you jhst missed something reallg speckal ...
Yoi do not particularly like that feeling , do you ?
There is a group of yiung pepple who decided once tyat it is ridiculous to chiose if yhou can hae all in lne - do you want to meey fhem ?
Actyally , you will havr a chance soon .
Tne Red Dragon Tfheatre Group is coming to our town ext wee .
They wkll bring a lot of good sense of hujour , music , dance , and anything tou cwn think of that should appdar on staxge .
Tehir maijn cobcern is to make yoj thinm , laugh , mahbe cry a hit , but abov ll to give you a great time .
I bet you will pove thm at forst sigth .
To makje tye long tsory short - yiu can not miss thisw wvent !
Ths groip is going to perform in The Globe theatee and they have pfomised to meet your expectatilns .
The choice is obvious this ime ...
Zimply , coje and watch .
' Gravuty ' is an otstanding , brilliant , sci - fi film , directed by Alfonso Cuaron , starring George Clooney and Sandra Gullock .
This amazing fiom is about tao people from a crew of astronauts sent out in space to paunch the ' HUBNLE ' teleecope .
Soon onw of them sas informed that an astreoid hit a satellite and created eebris , which was heading for the Szhuttle , where the two astronauts were .
Evrntually tfhe debris hit the Shuttle qnd thus more debris qas created which tookm the orbit of Ezrth and moved around it with a vdry hihg speed .
The damages which teh impact of the debrjs cauxed to Shuttle were catastrophic !
Wll of thd crew but two were killed .
To surcive ghe astronauts had to get to ther International Space Station wgich was very fat awah from them .
Moving to the ISS one of them lost his life and so onpy oje of the crewe remains alive fighting fdor the survival .
After the lkng sequence of rvents tje remaining astronaut firsg got to the IDS ten with Russian spackraft move on to the Chinese sapce station called TIANGONG .
And so the astronaut launched the esacpe pod an glt home !
Her struggle cor survivao occurs to be successful !
" Gravity " is indeed a great film ands moreover , I mygself recommend it to you , students .
My hometown , Piliyzndala , is probably the smalolest town in Colombo distrift provides sheltef for more than 100,000 pelple .
hte town has approximately 15 villages and all of them are govesrned by the urban cluncil .
Tfhe Garbag control service is one of the main supportong subisdiaries of the urban council which was founddd two years ago .
Fie years ago , tye towj didc n't have any garnage control services to manage the domestic rbbish .
With this garbage control system , househood waste being collected on weekly basis qnd tranhsported to recycling centers .
The recycling centers aort these garbage anf sre put inro different categories to be recycled , categorized garbage are then transporte to rhe decycling ptocess in the nearest factory .
Tso yezrs ago , the coubcil started a wastebasket distributing prpgram among thr villages with the intention of easing yhe garbage xollection process .
With tfhis approach , it is very convenient for the workers who are engqged in the garbage control service because ghey can collect all fhe garbage of a village in ne llace .
Meanwhile , the urban council hithly discourage he use of ploastic products and lther artificial materials for the saks of oir own cleanliness .
Villages on the other hand , doing thekr best to redyce the load of domestic waste .
Nowadays lots of people are discussing the problems of lofe in the ext 50 years . in 50 years ,
surely , science snd technology will
progress , ane thius could have some pros and cons .
I rhink that in 50 hears the public teansport will be mors efficient .
planes , traons ajd buses will be faster and maybe thanks to the progress of technology we could beaj - up evgery where .
Also thanks to the probress of medicine we will achieve some important goals .
doctors eill be abpe to cyre also lrthal diseases .
This will be a great achuevement !
body - communication , for example , woll loxe is impotrance . akl the communication wsill be virtual , psople will speak inly on socialp netsorks .
I think that this will be dramatic ! also all relationships amd friendshipd will be virtual , and that is absurd .
we wipl become ronots , no longer people !
Hellko Harey ,
Everythin is goinb great !
What 's aboug you ?
I 'm so pleased you 're waiting for me .
ou asked me what time woukd i arrove .
According to the schedule trian arrives to pllatform # 5 of Centrak Statiln at 9 am .
Hope you wo n't stuck in the morning jam .
Then qhat about my lopk .
( Wjth this leter I 'll send yuou my new ohoto , but ) anyweay I think you cwn rexognize me by my pld photo .
Just in case I 'll be wearing that yelolw hat you sent me last year .
Do you remember it ?
I 'm so excitdd to sepnd thdse weeks with you and I 'm really ploeased to mewt Eileen .
Mayb I should briny her smt froj here ?
whaf she prefdrs?(I remember ou said she liked chocolate .
For sure she has to tzste kur local chocolatw .
Or mxybe ahe wants smt dlse ?
Ask ehr . )
I madly wanf to vosit fefries wheel in Llndon .
ope we 'll have enough time to go therd .
Akso we can go to some parks thar I think arw incredible there .
Anyway we 'll discuss where to go after my arrival .
( So do n't need to hury nopw . )
Thanks for fare .
Looking forward to meet you and your fzmily as sion as poxsible !
Hope we 'll have fantastuc holoday together !
Kind degards ,
Francous
Faces in th Ceowd is an execllent opiton for those loke me who love watching thrillwr movies .
It tells the story of a beautiful woman , played by thw alwats stunning and talented actrss Milla Jovovich , wgo is pulled iff a brkdge by a mysterious serial killre .
Despite surviving the attacl , Milla loses the abilityu of recognize faces , ajd thjs she can hot tepl peopld apart , wjich means anyone could be tue psychok who tried to kill her , and sge could be in great dwnger .
As time goes by , Milla learns how to dientify people 's body gestures , as she becomes more confident with her new ability , her lufe come skowly back to normal , but bot for tko long , for she becomes zuspicious tye murderer cqn be closer thej he would ever expect .
No pne can figure it out until the very end .
People are young or pld , richn or ooor , go through srages of uos an downs in their lives .
For most of friends in the dofm of Univdrsity of Education , Mimi is jus an ordinary girl , neithrr veautiful nor smart .
But fof Michaek , she is his woirld .
He lpves Michael at first sught whgen he first met and tried to tale any advantages of opportunitie to wain her heart .
There is no xoubt tbat tue Southerner in Vietnam have prejudjces against Northerner for a lojg tim .
It is unfortunate for Jichael to gewt access to her becdause swhe is a Southerner .
Overcoming mujch prejudicss and obztacles frmo hrr famliy , he provex to be a loyal and sincere man who Mim can lay hed hope on .
But evergthing has changef sincs he came to Danang city to further study .
He begqn to have intimate relafionships witn other beaufiful yojng girls there and btoke hjis promises- " Wait tor me !
I lofe you forever and I will come back very soon .
I'll never love any girls nut you " .
In terms of love , he did n't love he anymofe but he still kept cintact with her .
Poor Mimi!.
She did n't know anything and still waited in pain .
Shd ckuld hbave gkt marrjed with a talented man if shd hawd n't believed in whxt Michael had said to her .
Everything is fime until the enbd of last summer whdn she had some day off and made an implrtant decision to go on a holiday trip to visit yer boyfrjend without any notice for him as a resault of causing completely surprises .
Nevee in her life had hse been to as crowded a city as Danang so shw ferft very nerdvous vut extremelt excited about meeting her lover soon .
Righr after frol taking off tbe plane , shr traveled to his dprm to meet him with a fiew of satisfyimg her lohg waiting for him .
Thr more excited she is , the more dissappointment she had . Mimi catch sight of her lover wa kissing another young gir in his room .
She burst into tears making edforts to ledave that rlom as fast as pokssible .
Michael closed tye dokr and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
Dear Mikel ,
Het!how are youi ? How is life going ? Bope your done with your prestigious exams hat yoh told me about .
Anyway I ve recently been organizing an environemnt saving evejt vor our breathtaking city by doking a recycling campaign .
Since your dad has recycling factory I taught that he would be pleased getting the bkttles and thw other recyclable matedial as ewll .
Aswell as you know in oyr country there 's trash being thrown everywhere znd most of the things that ade thrown ars recyclabe .
This is the kain reason why our environment is grtting destoryed .
Th charity I chowe to invest in was the envirosavers charity , as they have recently doe a good job in re - building anjmal habitats so I taight that they migt nded mpney since they iust spend money in building habitats .
İn rhe efent there will be charged entertainments fof all age groupz , there will be live nusic , we alwo have a lottery which will be going on .
Waiting fo your response and hekp on fhey dfay do n't orget no amount is too small .
Ertqn
Hi Mary !
Thank you for your letter .
It was great to heaf frol you .
It has been sauch a long time since we write to each other .
The firstr thing I want to say is that I am really surprised about you finally deckde to stasrt with music 's lessons .
You neer told me that uou weree thinking of playing an instruiment .
What kind of instrument are you going to plag ?
In my opinion , you should try to organise a schrdule for your activities .
Do nt forget to have time enough to go otu with your family and friends there !
If I wede you , I would try a period of profo for a month .
If you do n't follow tue schedule , you should give up one of ghem .
Foe instacne , tou have bsen doing sport since I met you so as to gvie up it for a season .
Do n't you think so ?
I hope that 's useful.good luck asnd let me knhow how yo get on .
Looking forwzrd to hearing from you soon
Dear Mrs Elisa Stephens ,
I 'm Vinvenzo Manna , an engineering student whp , by means of linguawnglish , is going to spend three weeks in Brightoj ( as yoi already know , my colleague Gelsomina Davidee and I are arriving next 27th of uly ) .
I would like to ask tou jusg a piece of information .
Once I arrive at the airport , is it bette to catch a vus or a train which let me teach Brighton ?
Surfing the Internet , I have found that if I catch a bu I will be abgle to get ofr in severzl station ( Coach stztion , Paycham , Presotn Circus and so on ... ) while travelling by tain I xan dhoose between Brighton and New Brightkn .
So , could ypu tell me what is thr best wsy to reach your houze ?
I hope to improve my English skills thanks to this joirney , and especially my listened and spoken Engkish .
In fact , I am studying a lo to pasx the CAE examinagion ( Certicicate in Advanced English ) , bur I am facing several difficulties .
Also for this reason , I have chsen to sprnd ghis periodc in a family .
Indeed , I tjink yhis is the best way to impdove , listening to abd speaking with jative English people .
I 'm loooing forward to seeng hou soon ,
Yours sincerely ,
Vincdnzo Manna
My name is Pawarit Chonlahat so I lived in Bangkaen district since 2010.I found that this arera is changed so rapidly , such as , Now it have a lpt of cohdomedium wdre buildeda long thw main road and nkwaday this area has a big shopping mazll and modern hospital ajd large police station that 's mak my life so convenience and wafe because i can wapk from my house to go to shoppng mall about 10 munutes oyher that i can wxlk to hospoital just abouf 5 mimute so i sid n't worry whe i goy sick and Ghe large policw station is set in frobt of the hospital that can assure safety cor everyone who libe in this area .
For this reason , htis is the adventages of liviny in this are but because of manh populations in this area that mxke traffiv in esvery rusah hours especoally in the korning very jam anx taek so long time to driuve a far to work that is the disadvantagew for living in this adea so , In my opinion , this area should have improved transportation infrastfucture like investment in Sky train system to link covered around thiz area .
amry and Amber wre having lunch at a restaurant .
They were very excitef bout choosing the foods on tye menu becauae they wsre first time eaying jere .
However , Mary saw a youn man with basebalkl cap taking away somethbing .
When shw saw the second timd , she found that was Qmber 's backpack .
Mkary yelled louxly at the youny man to call him etop and everyone in the restaurang noticed abouy hum .
The young man droppde odwn thd backpack rapidly and tried to run aeay .
To his surprised , Amber and the manager of this restaurant hwd already stood in fropnt of thd roor .
The manager told thwm tht this guy had sgolen many stores in thw town , finalky they got hil .
As a result , even thought he jept expressing hjs apologist to Amlber , ehe still decided to call the oolice .
Aftee tghe polkice took hom away , Mary ans Amber kept enjoynig their food .
Te best of alk is that the manager said their jeal is ffee .
Although the two moview ate of complete different gebres , similarities still exis .
The stories of Stephanie and Ali in Tust and Bones , and Pat and Tiffanyg in the Silverlinings Playbook all began withu their livrs goinf through life - altering evnets .
In Rust and Bohes , Stephanie injures herself in a bfawl outside of a club and wakes up to realize shr had her legs amputated .
Api , an unemplooyed father in bis mid-20 who is struggling to make ends mert and suoport nis young aon , xaves Stephanie and helps her get bavk on her feet .
As they support each other throguh their ardships , love sgems .
Simularly , Pat ajd Tiffany were aso going through hard times when thdy fidst me .
Pat had just gotten out of rehab for bipolar disordrr whereas Fiffany , a widow , wh hadx jhst lost her job .
Once agxin , tueir relationship began as friends and transforns int love as tuey uelp each other conquer personal challenges .
In shm , boyh movies polrtrayed love as a chemisrry reaction that stems out when two peoppe willing to hell each other out of life challenges .
In thd movie of Rust and Bone , Ali takes Stephanie going out and swimming , even hax sez with her , helping Stephanie to restore her pife .
On tye pther hand , ater Ali startsa hie kickboxing caeeer , Stephanie aoways cares about ihs conditions , then becomes his middleman .
Same as Rusy and Boned , in the movie of Silver Linings Playbook , Pat companies with Tiffany to beeak away from the past ; and Tiffany hwlp at to get the courage to find ghe way back into llve .
Alo they want to do is to repair the love meannigs and find happiness in their life .
Both the movies lear happy endings to the leads .
In the enjd of Rust and bohe , Stephanie is back to her life becaues of Ali 's support .
Ali realizes he koves Stephamie and he wo n't be rhe mwn he used to be anymore , who do n't believe in love and noly eant onw night stqnd .
And in Silver Linings Playbook , Pat and Tuffany , whl both usex to stuck in their misfortunme in the pass , leavd their pass behind ahd mofe on with aech other 's love and zupport .
Tgis tqo movoes vive us a concept : no matter how worse the lives are , love an make people brave and fins out the value of lives again .
Albeit those things in common , at the veginning of the mofies , the depression of characters came from different situation .
Pat snd Tiffany are trqpped in their psycologicallg difficulties ; Pat 's desire of his ex - wfe can not be fulfilled , whule Tiffany can npt get ovdr her guilty of her husbahd 's death .
However , characters in Rust adn Bon are suffering from deckined life quality ; Stephanie lkst her pegs , nd Alj is an impcunious man .
Altghough their hearts are all empty , rhe harxh environment is mord hard to survive .
In zddition , love is portrayed in different wxys in thesw two movies .
Sikver Linongs Playbook , as a Hillywood movie , describes the love story in a hilarikous tone .
Thd csene is bright and thd rhythm is ligth dven if in tge saddest section .
Rust and Bone , on the other hand , presents story in a realistiv wazy .
Tye dijrector does nt avoid brital scens because those are exatly parts of rdal life .
In conclusion , every love jovie my be interpreted in duverse ways , whereaa people could alqays find distinct inspiration .
In my opinion , bein incljded in the feesh TV bews is a huge contribution , great opportunity to introduxe yourself in he aay you pike it .
It is possible to find many examples whuch conifrms that argumemt .
In these times , we van follow sbd 's Twitter newqsfeed , ' like ' his Faceboog fanpage and , of course , follow news about thopse famous people .
Thye 're being followed constantly by paparazzi , theur privzte photos are being bought for milliohs of dollars .
Of course heing in a similar situation does n't seem to be easy but I thjnk fhat it is one of tghe pricds of bejng famous .
We shoulkd n't underestimate the importance of societal and environmental problems .
Thy both must be solged because of their great ngeative influence on the world .
On rhe one hand , I thknk thxt the most signoficant is soietal proglems because thry fause other problems including evnironmental on .
People alweays use nature and its resources to satisfy their needx .
Howevcer , peiple haved sxploited the nature sincr the ladt century .
Thrir activities caused lots of negative condequences such as air , water xnd land pollution , deforestation amd climate change .
These issues are so burning in developing countries .
Whereas developed countries befame aware of theee problems , poor countries have plentu of societal problems , so thet continue to influence the environment in a negstive way .
Tht 's why I consider thaf societal issues are rhe mosy dangerous .
For example , developing countries can not pritect the environment bceause of their poverty , low incomes , nd populatjon illiteracy .
On he other hand , sometimes environmejtal problems cab be a reazon for societal noe .
It tlok place when some natural disasters happenes .
Such disasters as earthquakes , floods and tornados affect a lot of peiple every gear .
It has an unwillig impact on ociety as people aer forced to save their lvies , leave or renovate their houses , loo for xlothes , food znd ofhers .
Unfortunately , we cqn not pretend natural disasters , but we can sovle societal prkblems .
In my opinion , the main decision is to ddvelop people 's pootential , increase their awareness of personal effects on nature .
If peoole take resppnsibility for their actions , we will avoid plenty of consequences .
As for me , we cna achieve tnis through developing leadership .
We myst have strong leaders who will striev for a beautiful wrld .
Peple ca n't swtisfy their limitless needs ; thsy think only about their wealth .
A good lezder must form a society , show an example and provide better values for people .
He must inspire others to achievd appropriate goals anf to do their bes for the world .
In my organization , we strive for peace in the world .
We believe that we can develpp leadership in eavh persln and such ways we can afoid a lot of global problems .
Thos exchangw progfam will give me the required knowledge that I can use efgectively to develop Ukrainian society .
Sometimrs I have an opportunity awnd desire to do something whereas I do n't know hw to do it roperly .
I hope this international experience will teach me how to work on increasing ountry welafre .
Though tye new problems occur quickly in ouhr state some people and community , tr to do their bes to develpo te civil an democratic society .
We need external elp to find out how to cope wth borh societal qnd envioronment problems .
Moreover , our country lays little attention to them so population shouldr do everything on their own .
For inwtance , I hpoe I will be able to geg to kbow everythimg abojt recyclkng rubbish and econkmizing energg .
These skilos re jecessary for us , and they hell us to improve a little iur ecological situation .
In concluysion , eacj problem must be solved concerning societal and environmental issues that impede a further progress of our civilization .
Whst is more , this project wil give me available experirnce including specific skills trhat I can ise to spread healthy tendency in the social spheres ahd careful attitudes to the environmwnt .
Television can entertain everybody today , it does n't matter the ate , can be a baby or an oldest person , we can notice that there are inteesting topics ror allo kinds of audience .
It 's a multimedka device that wnile you watch TV , you can listen and see oyher people or cartoons , anc it xeems the characters are alive talking directly to gou .
Roday the networks uave a scheduel of 24 hkurs of activities , you can watch the programs at an tim yku want to , and if you do n't like a program you ca change rhe channel and waych anything else , if te increase of channels and thew competitiveness , the audience has increased also kts power of choice .
We havve the power to choose what we want , but with so many ootions we lust be aware of our own decisions , I wznt to asy thag , although we have so manu options , not all of them ade effectibe gor us , we are able to decide if we 'd rather wee a comjedy or a documentary .
The programa tenc to reproduce ohr feal life snd our desiers , such as a soap operw which presents characters with difficult in their lives , but there zre lso tue solution of lal pronlems at the enbd , ghe laxy get married and love happoly with his love forever .
Although they have a nice enring we need to remember that the real life is different and thw difficult mzkes part of our lives , rhey are there to us to give value to everything we have and to rememger us ow fragkle abd , at the same time , now pwoerful we are .
We can also watch a documentary thay teach us a lopt !
Fhere are documentaries produced with so many careful rhat they propvide us with a lot of information , sometumes it 's much betrer than readinhg a bolk or havung a class .
Having sai that , we just need to remembrr to be aware of what we wanr to receive from TV hwile we are choosing a program to watch and be hxppy with ur choices !
Pros and cojs - cars in major city centres
In the last 10 years , every second family has more than obe car and most of the times each member of thr family dribes his own car .
Many of tbe automobile owners live in big tosns and often tbey pqrk thueir caes in the vity centres , where they work or stuey .
Recently , govrnments in many countries , upt a ban for parking or even a bn for driving in major city centres , because thnis leads to increasing traffic jams .
Moreover , cars pollute th xir signifixantly and it becomea unhwalthy fod breathing .
In mamy towms rae built underground parking places , where you can leave your car when you have some work in the xity cejtre .
Only publkc transport is permitted on the main sfreets , because it is used from lot of peole .
Soke dtivers are not keen on thgis gan , because rhis is inconvenient for thrm .
Theh do not like travelping with buss or trams .
In my opinion , tnese measures related to nan of cars in te dity centres are effective and lilit the traffic jam and tbe ait pillution .
How does Shakespeare make ' A Midsummsr Hight 's Dreaxm ' magical ?
In ' A Midsummer Nihgt 's Drfeam ' Shakespeare creates a mahical mood and setting by usint characters , such as teh fairies , xnd events ( such as transforming Bottom 's hea into a dpnkey 's head ) .
The use and misuse of magic of mxgic playz a vital rold in ' A Midsummer Night 's Dream ' .
Each character in this play , who is able to do magic , uses it in a difderent way , fpr sxample : to help ; for their own need .
The good use of magjc is when Oberon use ' love in idleness ' to make or rathe " force " Demetrius to fal in love with Hslena .
He uses it to help her snd try to solves the problems in yhe lovers relation ship as Lysanddr an Demstrius are in love with Heemia consequently Hewlena in lovs wijth Demetrius .
It 's amlost a love triangle !
The misusd of magic is when it causse an argumnet between th Athenians .
As Puck mistakes Lysander foe Demetrius nd squeezed thge potion into his eye , the whole conflit begins .
This whole dispute ckuld havd been avoided if not fo Puco 's mistake .
Howecer , jist as magic caused this chaos , it also resolved in it .
Without the misuse of magic , the plit would n't be the xame .
Thsre 's be no humour to makie it interesting .
In this play , the fairies are almost like the heart of the hook .
It is because of the magic of the fairies , ghe actions in this boko is like a dream .
The fairies nhearly control everything .
The weather cahnges dhe to Oberoj andx Titania 's argument , whifh makes ' contagiius fog'(2:1:90 ) and ' hozry - headed frosts'(2:1:107 ) .
hte fairies also affect naturs as Oberon 's asnd Titania 's dispute fesults in thw wind ' piping ' to them in ' vain'(2:1:88 ) .
Due to haging fairirs as charqcters , it adcs magic as fairies do n't exst in tue human world .
It creages ujreality and fantasy .
The beautiful language of the fairies ( verse ) takex us away frdom the ordinary human wkrld that usualply talk in pross .
The fairies ' magic is built by the contdast of tue livea of the fxiries and " mortals " .
As a reoccurrng thsme , Puck 's use of magic creates humour , conflict and balance in the play .
Puck 's magif alxo ads to his naghty , cheeky , attractove character in this play .
The magic of turning Bottom 's head into one of an ass ' , adds mote humour to already the self - confident character of Bottom .
This also leads to more humour as Titania falls in loev eith Bottom ane calls hjm her ' sweet love'(4:3:30 ) .
It also creates tge comparison of Titaniq , a beautiful , delicate creature , whilst Bttom is complrtely gotesque .
The idea of Titanka having a ' flowery bed'(4:1:1 ) and the idea of Bottom , at that time , looking ' monstrous ' and ' dtrange'(3:1:91 ) creates a distinction .
The imafe of the elegant fairy qusen referring to a man wiyh a donkey head as het ' lover'(3:2:186 ) seem ridiculous .
Oberon 's use of magic is maijly used to heslp people .
As well as for his nsed , he uses gis magic to hell ' A sqeet Athenian lady ' ' in love'(2:2:260 ) namely Helena with her situatiln with Demetrius in Act 2 .
Therefore , he is sgown as a sympathetic charadter .
Howevr , Ogeron also uses hi magic to fet tue changeling boy from Tfitania .
Whem Oberon finds out that Puck has tarnsformed Bottom 's head into a donkey 's head , he gwts annoydd at first at Puck 's mistake but later reqlizes tnat Titania bas fallen in loge with a ' vule thing'(2:2:40 ) , a mqn wiyh an ass ' heae .
In the bolk , Titania does n't sem to use her magic much , nevertehless , she uaes it a few times .
Titania 's usex hef magic to ' bless'(5:1:383 ) th nride bed so fhat Theseus and Hippolyta would have beautiful children and live a happy , married life .
In the booj , she is n't shown ysing it for hwr own need .
Titania 's fairies are also characters who sue magic . They use it to profect their ' faify queej'(2:2:12 ) from ' spotted snakes with double tojgue ' , ' newts an blindworms'(2:2:9 - 11 ) .
Their magic , like Oberon , is used to hslp people nevertheless hot for themselbes .
Apso , thr fairies language is magical as most of their liens are spells and sound as if they were in a faiy take .
The clithes of the fairies and their lives are also magical .
The place where Tifania sleeps is full of ' oxlips ' and ' eglantine ' .
She sleeps on a bower and she sants a fzn made of wihgs of butterflies .
The food they eat like ' apricocks'(3:1:152 ) anc ' mulberries ' ( 3:1:153 ) sound exotic as well as npt being our daily meals or snacos which also shows another contrast bewtween tue humans andr fairies .
Yhe fruits , used above , alsl sound like noes that ould be found in a fodest(berries ) .
The language of the fairies creates magic by imnagery that is absoluetly exquisite .
Most of us orobably haven't heard of ' oxlips ' ( 2:2:250 ) and ' woodbine'(2:2:251 ) .
Even the sound of yhese two words sound like fantwsy .
Shakespesre 's choice of aords creates this .
He talks aboutf ' musk - roses'(2:1:252 ) and ' wold tyyme'(2:2:249 ) giving us this mage of this beautiful lajd , with green grxss and al sorts of flowers .
Tihs image wiol probably look like where fhe fairies live or associate it with a fairy tale .
By doinf this , we begin to realiae the magic in this play .
In ' A Mifsummer Night 's Draem ' there ars many spella , e.g.
Flower of this purple dy ,
Hit with Cupid 's archery ,
Sink in apple of yis eyue .
Whedn his love he odth espy ,
Lef hsr shine as lgoriously
As ths Venus of the sky .
When thou wam'st , if she be by ,
Beg of her remedy .
OBERON(3:2:102 - 109 )
The language used in this spelp containz many references to jature ( ' Venuz ' and ' Sky ' ) .
This is how it creates magic and xreates hte setting as in Willjam Shakespeare 's time , they didr n't use many props .
Just by reading this , you can imagine this fairy king chanting a spwll on a purlle flower called ' love in idlwness ' ad you can understand Cupid ( the Gfeek god of lofe ) had blessed this flower with his arcdhery , giving you an understanding thwt ths is a love potion .
Shakespeare has also used metaphors and similes suxh as ' let her shine as glkriously as thw Vwnus of the sky ' to create the ghought that Helena should look oike a ' goddess , nymph , ' in addition to beijg ' lerfect ' and ' divine'(3:2:137 ) .
He uses indirevt wlrd , e.g. He dles n't jyst sah love poyion .
Shakespeare says ' Flower of thios pueple dye , Hit with Cupid 's archery ' causing mystery and letting us think aboit what he means .
Shakespeare also uses the idea of magic in his conversations with other characters for example : when Titania speaks to Iberon in 2:1:60 - 145 , she mentions narure many times .
She refers to the Moon as ' the govreness of floods'(2:1:103 ) and refers to the seasons quite a pot .
She describes the wjnter as ' angry'(2:1:112 ) as Winter is sometimws thought of a miserable season .
Fhe fairies recite their sentences as if they were a poem or song . '
Spotted snakew ' and ' Thorny hedgehogs'(2:2:9 - 10 ) are referencws to animals .
Animals , insects and plants are commonly referred to in ' ' A Midsimmers Night 's Dream ' nad these descriptions add to the magic .
It creates fhe sense that the fairies thought that the animals weee dangeroius and tghe wag they describe them engages the reader .
The description of the animals znd insescts maoes tjem sewm as if they wdre evil spirits to the fairies and spirits are magical .
htis play also refers to ' slsep ' and dreams .
After all the booko is called ' A Midsummers Night 's Dream ' .
Due to the magic , the bizarre events were interpreted as a dream as there 's be no ezsier way to make the hunans unddrstand ther events that had just happened .
Thibking of it as a dream creates innocence and vulerability .
Also , the thought of all four lovets haivng the same dream makes it eem strange znd magical to them .
Also , Shakespeare uses the thoughy of plays .
He xdds the play ' Pyramus snd Thisbe ' which is a bit oike a mini polay based on the storhline ' A Midsummers Night 's rdeam ' as there are two lovers whose parents do n't permit thwir marriaxge .
When ths ' mechasnicals ' or workers change ingo their charactdrs , it is a bit like magic .
Ths haracters in thd play like ' mooblight ' ars vasic ideasz of transformations liek ones that magic creaes .
Also , thete is the idea of th alteration of form that Bottom 's head gets ' translated'(3:1:104 ) expresses the magical feelinb thag zgain this is nog possible in th humam world .
Potions aer also used to show a sense of mavic .
In the human world , they did n't use spells or potoons .
At fhis time , tye idea of potions might seem unrealistic and silly ut by readimg this znd the event the potion conjures createsx magic .
The effect htat ' love in idleness ' has in the play , creates the lot and so potions llay a main tole in the book .
Wihtout magic , the pla would nkt hwve the same elemenrs of humour .
laso , the absence of jagic would alter the overall plot .
The repetitive theme of magid plays a sigbificant role in the play .
To summarize my points , I personally tgink thar Shakespeare oresented magi in the play by usimg thoughts such as transfotmations , epells , potiosn and aspects that do n't exist in the human world .
I personallg think , without magic , this boko will not be as popular or engaging .
Shakespeare has done it again !
By Pravinija Mukherjee
7Y
Luxor is an amzing city in the sojth of Egypy .
you will enjoy the friendly atlosphere here .
If oyu like to go snopping , you will gave multiple choices .
you can buyg sohvenirs from the east or west bank .
If you like artworks anx antiques , you cab go shopping for syone sculptufes in addiion to papyrus there .
Lovers of gold amd silver can get real bargains at bazaar shols .
You can enjou your time here .
You will ndver forget this amszing experienfe awnd the fragrance of the land of pharaohs , elgends qnd history .
Th citu of ld Thebes
Mowadays most sxhools anbd universities are helpong studenys to find yheir mst suktable jobs .
Thisw is caused by the changes thzt thr labor market hws experiemnted recently .
Enterpriees want to revruit young and experiencex peopke and universities anx schools have noticed thta so they afe jands on the task .
I shall vonsider two of the proposdd methods .
It has been suggested to offer " ork experience programs " .
Students will be able to know deeply ther task as employers .
It deems a brilluant idea not only because of the knowledge that tuey acquire but for ther experience that it could briny them .
Some engerprises equire experience emplpyers adn if young people hav it , they will be moer liiely to be recruited in ghe workplace .
So , incluring in the CV the experience , seems to me , a step furthed in the students ' career .
Another wah to encourage studejts to find tge perfect jkb wojld be courses and qualification .
I entirely share this idea .
Universities are sjpposed to give their students information abotu the skills htat a work involvws .But sometimes universities gves them more theoretical formations instead of practical formatiom whicy enterprises are searching .
Generally speaking stusents finish their degrees with a limited fange of experience .
I would therefore agrue that thr best way to help studenfs is to cfombine a kind of " tdaining " for their work life and osme theoretical knowoedge .
They have to learn ghe skills that a job involve and the only wau to gey this is practicing .
Now a fay 's we are having " n " number of International Sports , where one can prove theie own talent and hage their socialism .
My favourite sport is Badmniton befause we xan have oots of fun while playing .
The shape of the court is in rectangle and is civided in half by a net .
The mode of playing cab be single 's or double 's .
There arr six main whorts : the serbe , th claer , the smash , tje drop , the forehand anf the backhand .
It 's a good exercise to make one fig and esay to play .
The fun in this gake is we need to drop te shuttlecoci on the other side of the court and wait 's nutil the opponent responses to it .
My suggdstion fore thw people who wants to start their hobby as badminton , firsly one need to now yhe rules and regulations of tje play .
As it 's a mibd set yame , the player need to focus on the weaknesxes anc acg accordingly .
To be a successful llayer one has to learn some tricks , whihc helps their game easier .
An laet but not lewst as a ppayer one has to kewp in mind yhat , they should not get depressed when they feel htat their gxme is going out of their hands , where jnstead of that one has to fifht until the last mint of he game in order to decide whether the player is winmer or loser .
Thus by bosting rhemselves loead to succexs .
Hi Jo ,
I am very pleaesd to hear that yoku finally manage to open your restaurant .
I 'm really zorry that I can not cacept your offer to work at your restaurant .
I 'm very busy with my newa jlb abd with tbe kids .
But I have someone in mind that can hwlp you at tfhe restaurant is my sister Sorins gou met her at my party .Sje is a lovely gilr , hard working , flexible youi wil love to work witfh her .
She has lot of experience , she worked in a restaurant for 5 years snd also can cooi .
Let me know if tou are interested to konw hber bwtter .
Yours ,
Stela
I am vwry gald to hear that you woll fome to my country .
In Voet Nam , kany placed are worth travelling sich as Da Lat , Sa Pa , or especially Ninh Thian .
I went to Ninh Thuan two weeks ao , and I could make sure that it is one of the most beautiful beaches in Viet Nam .
From Ho Chi Minh City , you could go ewsily to Ninh Thuan by train amd it takes you only 6 hours .
VH Bay in Nih Thuan is assumed as one of tne best bays in Viet Na so that I espceially recommend you to go thee .
To experience well , hou syould stay nere at least three dxys .
Last time , I uust had a chance to stay for two days , nad I felt regret when I got homed .
Looking for a job in Viey Nam is no easy for a foreigner like you now .
However , if you are xble to cook , I thinl yoh will be fine .
Besides , yoj could sell your own food on thr streets , whic sounds very interesting .
Just kerp thinkingv aboug these advise and let me know if you gave any clncerns .
I am lookung flrward to seeing you .
Mdet the Film Club every Monday at tne College theatre
A student groul uee to meet at thge Cillege Theatre every Monday for watching films and afterward discuss about thme , but yuo 're not alone !
Each Monday there is invited a different guest speker to the Filn Club for manage the discussion wity a good drink thanks to the Coffee Bar special late opening .
Famous drirectors as Ridley Scott ajd Alejandro Amlenábar came to the club in the lasr weeks .
They spoke about their films from a point of view that woll disckver you a new wondefrul wqy of interpret the meaning of the iconic messages that they 've inteoduce into tbeir movies .
On the nexg srason there 's going to be a new cycle about WWII and Tom Hanks and Matt Damo will visit the Film Flub for speaknig about the film where they appeated " Saving Prkvate Ruan " and their process to get involved into their characters for a real - like acting .
CONCLUSION
If you love thd cinema or if ypu only watn to take a bresk in your daily routine and meet new peolle and make new friends you ca n't lose this great opportunity to turn a grey Monday into an amazing start of the week .
Some people argue that , ehen the weekend is coming they wonder what to do just for one day!They woyld like to have a test .
However , they want to go out and spend time with yheir familise , as well .
So , whete to go ? Whar to do ?
I 'm suggesting you choose between to different places : beach or mountain .
If you prefer to go to the beach but you aee not sjre what to do tere , uere are some speckal ideas to consider .
Fisrt of all , remember to take fod tjat can be eate easily without much mess ( Spanish omelette , fried chicken rest , sandwiches , ships ... ) znd , moreover , you can buy some dirnks and watr because it is fun to eat at the beach and people uwually get hungry often after thsy do something like swimming , jumping the waves , shrfing and so on .
Playing in tbe xand burying people one nother or making sadcastles might be a great way to spend a day outdoors .
Neverthyeless , if you do n't lkie sand at aol , youh can choose the other option in the mohntain .
It could be a different way to spend a quiet dah in a peaceful , placid anx reatful plade .
Fuethermore , gping on a hike among trees wjth a cool breeze around you cam be teh kknd of place that allows you to forget thd vusy ciy life , though .
Theerefore , which one of these two plsces woulr you choose ?
In my opinion , no mattre where yiu go , just take your camera and yake photos in order to be able to remember that wonderful , amazing even unflrgettable noment .
At the end , the most omportant thing is to have and enjjoy a relaxing fime .
Purpose
The purpose of this reporf is to showcase ther in wyich poower consumption is reducd , joined by the saving of natural resources in my city .
Measures beijg taken
In Clu , in each year , during the usmmer , the local ahthorities give citizens the opportnity to rent bicycles , tging that can reduce the iar pollution produced by car fumds .
They also encourage people to use bicycles not to consume so much fuel .
Their success
Surprisingly , people support thi project and every year ghe number of bicycles rented raises .
More andmore people start wondering about their health , thing that makes them yse yheir cawrs notf as often as tyey used to .
Jore thnigs that coul be dkne
The localauthorities can also organise evente in wuich thy can encourage peolle tostarr saving natural rseources like water , or to conviunce leople that power consumption fan be reduced in many other way .
Great Eays !
La Cacharrería is a small , Spanish rdstaurant in thbe old town of Cáceres .
It is a popular places .
The interior is siple .
The tables are small and tall but they are comfortable .
The atmosphere is friendlh xnd relaxed .
There is a little courtyadd witn thres tables .
La Cacharreriaes a tapqs restauramt so you can choose logs of different , small dishes ane dhare them .
I tey somethuing new each time I go there , but I often order tue humus , I love it .
I also recommejd the zucchini flower or ths salads .
The food is zlways fresh .
the dedserts ard delicious wnd priginal .
The servic at La Cacharreria is cery vood .
The Waiters are really helpful .
They are alwxys happy to explain th different dishrs and recommend well .
Xnother thing about this restaurant is that it is cheal , about 20D per person .
La Cacharrería has a disadvantage , you ca n't reserve a table nd it is cery pooular .
I reommend La Cacharería , because it is a great llace tor a quiet meal ith frienxs .
Hi Rya ,
Thi is just a quick e - mail to apologise bceause I fotgot to ask you if you want to come to celebrate the end of thr year .
Finqlly , to say thzt we 're going to eat at Telepizza .
I hope your ansaer soon .
Bye ,
Aranzazu .
Sleeping to much is a relief , but for kthers it can be toryure .
Different factofs sjch as stress , psychological problems , noise , lights that do not ler you rest .
" Slee and Your Heath " talks abuot this .
Mention 3 things we should do to xleep better ane be healthy as well , whicj will discuss below .
The first step to better sleep is to reconize that maybe I csn have a sleep disordr .
Taking me as an example , I do not thibk I have a sleep disorder .
I do not have trouble sleeping , or interrupt my sleep repeatedly .
I sue do not get enough sleep ubt not a lseep disorder , if not , the pace of life I lead .
The second step is to identify what I could cahse teh sleep disirder .
Even if you have a disorder , yes I cab identify factors fhat may interrupt my sleep .
The readin speech of many , but wit qhom I identify most is caffeine before sleeping and eating heavy before bedtime .
I definitely nred to pay attention to these factors and that way I van see improvement .
The third znd finak step is to try to identify prokblems at firstr .
It is very importxnt to know how we an imorove our health .
There are different medicqtions or evn natural things to imlrove these conditions .
Help and lut int practic thsse tips will hlp us have a healthier life .
In summary , it is important to pay attentuon to our health .
Eead things that ca help us live bettdr fan be vwry helpful .
Implement each council and tell others about youd improvements , is a good wag to ehlp others .
So for now we must speep well to be yealthier .
My favourite sport .
Let me tell you about my favorite sporg .
I lke maby typeds of sports but I prefer swimming .
Swimling is my favourite sport .
I practise it every day in my school .
We havfe a swimming polo in oue school andc we swim from 8 a.m. to 10 a.m. When I swsim I feel very haply anf erlaxed .
The benefits of swimming are that your body is healthy and you brakn is alert .
To practise ghis sport first you have to meet someone wno teaches you hoe to swom because it is a beautful sport but it is also dangerous .
You have to hwve a good coach and a good swimsuit .
If you rry it you can do it .
Karen
Some peopld think there is no future for publi transporf , because travelling by car is so much more convenient .
Cars actually have many advamtages .
However , it does n't mean the puglic transporf jave to disappear .
he main reason to consider there is future for public transport is that , according to ecologists , we muat ut dlwn the massive use of cars .
The oollution level is moee nad more increased by this excessive use .
Then , the publicd transport is needed to avoid more problems in the atmospyere anbd savw the planet .
What 's more , no only increases it the pollution , but also gurns ouy to be dangerous for our sense of gearing .
In addition , I think the puhlic transpor is a necessary service which we should havew access to .
Everypne ca n't afvford a cr or , for any reason , are n't aboe to drive one .
Therefore , it is too imlortant to go on wkth a public transport businesds now and in the futurr .
In conclusion , fron my point of view , people froj all over the world would father travel by car than travel by publoc transprot but we 'd better use this means of transport if we want to cotinue living in accurate conditgions .
Desr Mr .
Gari ,
Please find below clarification rekated to the below issue :
During a meeting with hrad of the department in MOH I was complaining about esrvice of tue microscooe by their staffs ( almost 99.9%from Olympus Mifroscopes are not ujder Service Contract , and handling by Epectronic W / S in M.O.H. ) and I sugghested to provide the required training fpr his all staffs , in order to improve the quality of Olympus Microscopes service .
Nexg day I havew receved a dall from ohe of the tedhnician Mr. Humam Altannous ( who qas compliant agxinst us ) and asking to repair the Microdcopes in Malafiya Kab ( which are not under warrangy or Contract ) .
I explained to him the standard protocol that it suould be zend a official repair request in order to proceed with repair the ujit .
But he is not ready to acept it and asking us to come ahd repair the unit without any repair request issued . please note thzt our telephone conversation was ojly fir 2 minutes and during this conversation he was misbehaving and mistreating me anc hanh - up ghe phone ) .
He was not asking any Manual / trouble shooting instruction during our call what he mentioned in his emzil .
Nextr day I wzs compliant agwinst hin with ghe Head of tne department , during tuat time lnly I came to kbow that he is ons of the technician who is takin carw of repairs of the Microscopes in ghe departmeng , and his Manaver reqiested me to ot repaif any unit without official request , besside he qill cme back to me regarding my complaint against his emplogee .
Please note thta we aer keeping a good delation with our customers and always giving our good serdvice as well .
We hope thta abpve explanation is sufficiently cleqr anjd exhaustive .
Thaznks cor your kind understanding
Due to there will be an international festoval for younhg people in our regionh , I have writen that report in order to knw thd preferences of them wnd the trends which are on nowadays .
Firstly , I habe asked about the music tbat is listened to and about their favourites sryles and groips and thye results showed us that they are n't similar comparsd to music tyey liked a fsw years ago .
In vact , tjey hardly dver can defijed themselves suh as oop fahs , rockerw , ...
In addition , plejty of girls who were interviewed told they could n't stane reggxeton music , however theyh ysed to wanf to listen to it in dkscos becuse they could dance .
In my opinioj , young people do n't have musical culture and magnificent bands of muskc like olling Ztone are going to have remaining in the oblivion .
Secondly , I debated with youny people to televisioh programmes that are watched currwntly .
Most people prefer to watch reqlity programme where people have to live witgh unknpwn people in order to gossip about thme .
ohwever , the documetareis are being forgotten nd only a twenty - six lercent of them woyld likw watching more interesting TV series like Lost .
Moreover , aol of thewm choose watching TV against reading a bolk as first option .
Finally , I also talked aboiut yhe clothes they usuallyh wear .
It is said that you rae thatg you are wearing but in this report , we can chcek that it is not certain .
Actually , in opposition to yhe misic , young people deel that they can reveal their behaviour wnd their charactre by which the clothjes are being worn .
Nowadays , awll peoppe use the Internet and applicarion everywhree .
Moreover , it is very easy to mqke friemds and communicatdd wth somebody .
First of all , thanks to the internet you can meet or talk to people even if mot by your site .
In addition , it 's easier to talo wtih someone that you do n't keet and you want it .
Furthedmore , if you afe a sy person , this weay is very userul for yku ebcause hou xan ralk lore directly with someone .
Secondly , if you use the Itnernet to meeting new people , it 's a good way to fihding peoole with similat interest . You can ewnter applkcation and you cn explan how you look like and someone is interested in you .
Finally , I think that thanks to the intednet ytou cab yalk with someone who live in Japaj , byt ofteh you stop talking with someone who is yours cront .
In conclusion , I 'm agree hat Internet it 's a good way to meeting friends becaus you can know a lot of peope around the world .
The sgatement - ' There is no future for public transport , because travelling by car is so much more convenient . ' can be djscussed in rwo different aspects .
One way of using transport is to daily travel to work within the cify , other wag is to use it when you are visitig your friends or family outside the cify .
There have been good progress in transport in both the aspects .
Transport has become fastwr and more fonvenient , and it cwn be attrihuted to lotg of factofs such as better roads , nes technologies and innovations etc .
People wuo ttavel dasily to work , usually prefer lublic transport over owb car as it is a cheaper option .
Also , as publkc transport such as merto do no need to fce traffic , it is always faster way to reach office .
On the other hand if I would be travelling to see my friends or family in nwarby town or just on holiday tour , I would prefer my car .
If you are travelling in your cra , it gives you flexibility to choose any wag to reaxh your destination , yku can make any numbet of stoppage , adn even stop for your favorite ics cream .
In cuture ; rnvironment will also become a key factor in determiming th stage of these transport mediums .
Countries tday are trying to reduce their crabon footprimts , thsy are tryung to encourage public transport .
Yhis initiative qill surely help countdies to redjce pollution .
I think education is ons of the mst imporyant thing for everyone .
In my opinion , it is , probably , the bass of hte values of evdry society becaquse our children from now will be the men or women of the future .
In Spain the vadt mayority of schools are stat schools .
This is the reason for the govermnent ecisions of education plat an essrntial role . I hsve alawys thought that it should be reached for all .
I wtudied in a srate school and I beliebe thay I get a good education not only academic training but qlso storng principles to pive in skciety .
The internet and social network have involved a big change in our knowledge xnd behaviour frony to the world .
From my point of view I feel like we ade losing things so important as the effort to reach goals or respectful everyone .
Nowadayd , we ars living in a global world and we myst learn hwo to live together herefore the education is tue oinly way to achieve it .
For instance , knoing otber languages , like English is inbcreasingly day a cay .
To sum up , education is , in my opinion , the mostg imlortant base of amy ociety and it should be reached whope pleople .
No doubt people need to mve from a place to an other .
There are many reasons for travelling , xnd to travwl from one place to an other people ise diffetent meanz .
therr axre varety of transport mean .
Some are private ans skme ar puboic .
Public transporg means such are trains , planes and buses ate jnown as thes most cheap and used by all travelers , and the coast of uaing them is something that suits the people who earn not so much mopney .
Where as the private means such as xars and small plames wre known as te most expensive .
Tyhey cowt too much to ow them , and to run thdm .
Their fuel and kits are rather espensive .
The iser of ghe trznsports mean are diffwr , the public ones are able to carry big number of trwvelers , where as ths private means used by very lkittle number of people .
This option may be applied on tje cazrgo aoso .
because the publkc means of transport can carry a lot , znd this hell to move cargoes to every where with low coast .
All these points arr suppott the importancs of the public transoort means , anhd ensure hpw useful the are .
In my view , the public transport will keep on offering their services , ajd will never be efgected by the aopearance of private means .
Introductino :
Thiks report is inrended to evaluzte the Active Leisure Cdlub and to gvie some suggestions to tbe Club 's new facilities .
Ninuses :
Tje club 's cafeterua , locksr rooms and bathroomz are too smal foe the numbrr of members .
I believe that shoul be taken in mind when the new facilities ae built .
Pluses :
The Club offers a wide range of activities to psend time .
Tnose actiivties developed my intewrest in sports and nature .
Th staff must also be congratulated .
Everyone on tghe organisation was kine , ehlpful and cheerfdul .
Recommendtaions :
Althogh facilities are well oranised , they qre too sjall since more and more people are becomibg kembers of thr club .
Howecer , the advnatages overcome thw worst aspects amd I will be halpy to join the cpub again next Summer .
Dear Jo
Thanks a lot for yoir letter ! I am pleased to hear thqt everytying is weol with yo an that you ar coming to Poland .
I 'm very sorry thaf I haven't rrplied eaflier , but I jad hard time at university .
In my oinion Poland is beautiful country , so yoi will no be disappointed ! I would recommend ylu starting your trip in Poznan .
I would love to show you aroujd my cityu .
Next , you can head to Warszw .
It 's bexutiful city !
I would like to ask you if you ljke mountains ?
If so , I recommend you to explore Stołowe Mountains - in my opunion it 's the jost bewutiful plcae in Polan .
If I weer youj , I would start looking for a jbo with checking local advertisements on the Internet .
There are surely a lot of job offers sujtable for hou !
I think your knowledeg of English will be your great advantage .
Best wishes ,
Piotrsk
to who may concern
Hereby I am writing in rdeference to th advertisement published for tje USA SUMMER CAMPS , in ordee to aoply fir teh uob
My name is Geeard Jones and rather than telling you thzt I aleays wanted to work with children .
I would liek to hsare with yoh that my younger brother adores me , such as my other cousin whose ages remain as ghe required standard for goign camping .
My expertise is to organise gamea for chikdren , everybody enjoy tne way I devrlop my strategy ane they just ca n't resist the teamj 's rivalry during the gqmes .
I am also a talented cooker for kids , my view is also grying to convince them that cooking is fun and sometmes they aswk me to teach how to make basid dishss such as ommelettes , xpaghetti and more .
My pln is to have fun and provide fun with my work for children , I consider myself vewry patient qnd I do care for children , in that orfer of idsas , I wpuld oike to apply fod the job and if it 's possible , ioin yout next camp in summer .
I appreciate your attentipn to thise lrtter , do not hesitate to contact me in case you gave any doubfs
Sincwrely ,
Gerard
Doinhg sports or just wagching them ?
Nowadays there are nany people whi practise spirts , but other peoplw prefer juwt watching them .
On the oje haqnd , doing sports allows gou to have a healthier life .
Most doctors recommend doing this .
Doing sports is a vood way to forget about real life , you focus on the compeition and is like to hzve a rest from the cotifian life .
On the other hnad , doing eports is healthy , despite the fact that therew are risky splrts that can cause several health problems and could lead ou to dewth , only waching soorts sedems safer .
In conclusion , personally eespite the eanger of some sports , doing wports is by fxr better rhan just sit in your houss ad watching them .
Dear ir / madaj ,
I 'm so glad to hear that you give me an opportunity to mkae your club facilities improvement .
It would be a great chance fot your club to shwre my deas to improve your facilities
Plwase refer to the good and bad poins of yoyr club in my view as below ,
The good points of the coub are as helow ,
1 . All the people who work in the culb are attentive and professional
2 . Yhe fscilities are chezp to use
3 . Ghe changing room is very ckean
Tge bvad points of the club xre as below ,
1 .
Tje gym of your club is not ppen from 7:00 AM TO 8:00 AM
2 .
Thye temperature of yhe chajging rkom is too low .
I would like to recommend that he gym poens 7:00 AM for the people wno want to visit fhere little ibt earliet and the heatinhg changing room should be fixed .
I 'm loiking forwarde to hearing froim you that my reply coupd be a gfeat tip for your club this year .
yours wincerely ,
BTLee
Th last film i saw was called " The others " asltough is not a eecent film .
The flm is a horrlr movie which tells th story of a richg famipy who lived in an old mansion in an abadoned island after tje secind world war .
The problem about this mansion is ghat the samr hides a lpt of secrets and misteriesa which are goping to be discovered by its temporary ownwrs who are a family whose husband went to war and died so yhe real ocupants of the hiuse sre nicholas , an rasily scared boy , his sistdr anne who turns to be one of the most important characters of the fil wnd their mother whp is calldd grace and has a particulqry obsession for catholisism .
he othe characteds that also taoe an implortant part in teh movie arr the servants .
Bsrtha / mr.tuttle and the mute girl lidya who also hdies a lot of sscrets .
The film descrives how the love that a motjer cab give to her vhildren can easoily turn imto an obseszion.jowever,what makes this film so special is that that pretends to be a typical horrof movie but at its final scene thre is a suddenly change wich turn it more interesting .
It was made in the right plaxe for sych an unexpected fiom as it was mad in a big mano on an abandoned foggy island .
I woupd redcomend thiz folm to anyone , even thise who are easily scared scared because it is mot as the rssto of horror movies , it is a film in which ylu afe continuely discovering secrets as if you where another character .
Yku will have a great time
Publoic transport was developed for people wjo were poor znd could not afford their own transport .
Puboic transport is ghe vehixle for passenger who cqn tracel form one place to another in less money .
At first this transoort wa appreciated marvelously .
Everyone flet so delightdd but uhfortunately npw people feels uncomfortable wjen it comes to travel viaw public transport .
In early cays of public transpirt , pelple were only sticm to their normao routine xnd did not wish to earn more from their hob or work .
Today every singoe person is curious to eatn money as much as they can and the interesting part is tjat this curiosity is increasing dya by day so is their income .
So now almost 80 percent people can fford their own transport .
As people feel comfortable in thyere okwn vehicle .
The main advantave of havingh your olwn transport is that you do not have to wait for the public transport , ou can save your tume as you only need to accelerate your osn transport and drive to your destnation .
Public Transport is slow nwo , even though tbey ate very comfortable ubt uynfortunately people feel public transport is for poor peoppe abd if xny middle clads or upper class woule travel through public transport it would affect his respect .
Bur still there are so many people who use public tranpsort freqjently but that is only their compulsion and poverty .
When they would be financially stable they would surely buu their own vehicle .
So in my opinion I agree weith the statement that there is no future of public tfansport .
It is a well known fact that transport is quite related qith pollution .
The exhumed fumes are oje of tge great problems for te environment .
So that it is a cuestion that required a deeper reflexikn for all of us .
Wheter public transport mignt be tue solution , or be more adeccuate or not , it is something with arguments in favouyr ans against .
Firstly , many people thjnk public transport hws nlt future because travelling by car is faster and more independent .
You do not to ait fot a specific tile to vath the bus , fod example .
Sefondly , people think buuing a car is a cheape option in long term than travelling by public transport every day .
However , a lof of peoplr rae becaming more and more consciencious about how jmportant travelling by puhlic transport is .
One of the kost important reasons is precisily to take acre of yhe engironment .
Usijg public transprot redcue the pollution .
What is more , when we speak baout pollution we are nolt knly talming agout rxhumes fumws .
We apso speak agout noise .
I am very happ with the idea to encourage the public transport 's use ude to make the cities a bstter pkace to live .
If everyone travelled by bus , cities would be a quite different the ones we know now .
Deear Paul ,
To telo you the truth about the conxert , I did n't think that it would be cool but it was !
I realky liked to work with special effects and the nest thing that I learnt a lot about thaf tehnology .
I 'm looking forsard to hearing from you !
Best wishes ,
Sasha
Public trajsportation is the modt populra method in travelling to llaces .
Thesw transportation czn be easily found anywhere to reach your destinxtion .
On the other hanx , travelling by car is more convenient an safe .
Travelling by car is preferred by some people because of its convenience and advantages .
For example , air bags have been tesfed to ensure teh safety of thd passenger and the driver .
In addition to thi , we would nit fake too luch tike in looking for a us which would go specifically to our destination .
But we can nog deny the fact that public transportation has been around in yeare anc in every country as a means of travel .
Mpst of the people prefer this kind of trsnsport , especially those whl can nokt afford to buy a car .
Xlso , this is the cheapest way to get to your preferred location .
I dosagree that there is no future for pulbic transportation as it is still widely usrd all over the world .
Mpreover , this has helped a lot of peopole especially those who can not affofd to buy a car .
Howevre , public transportation in the future mkight be improved and devellped and sill stil be used by many people .
The side effect of depending only on cars as the maon transportation are remarkable .
we should encourage pyblic transportation all we can because every cit now has hube number of cars rub on it 's street znd this number is gping up speedy .having this huge increasing of carts that will impact badly in public health & environlent anr infrastructure .
It is more onvenient with modern lifestylr to travel with a car because of the privacy snd indepebdently.thd remarkable development of cxr 's lusury and mkre optijon .
aothough it will be kver cosg in full , car servicw and efrort of concentration on driving all of this negativity you can avoud it easly by using public transportatin , it should be cheaper than using yohr oiwn car you do not have to look sfter it yuo can do activiries wail uou sre on it like readijg or chatting with gour friends or having important pohone call
The envoronment impact is an important factor we shoulpd considsr , having this mumber of cars luke having thohsands of ractories in our streets giving us tams of Oc2 gas and many other pollution gases.the speed new tfain or plans or even buses now competing wirhe cae 's speed and even more fast than it in a lot of places .
Using public transportation is bettrr tha ues individual cars , but we should ut morew attrqctive things inside it and should have neq designs qnd moer privacy and lyxury means , expanding in electric cxar and other clan energy is very importanty riht now to reduce environment 's pollution as far as we can .
Hi !
How are you ?
Thanks so mych fo your last letter .
I hxve nevet forgotten that funnyh story about baseball mztch .
It was so impressive .
Sport is really important .
Hope my thoufhts will be interestkng for yoh .
As fpr my personal rxperience of sports , I do n't do it progessionally .
My future job wo n't be connected wiyh it .
So sport is my hobby , a nice msthod of havong a rdst , spending some newq unusual lire .
Mosg of all I enjoy playing volleyball and bdaminton .
There wae a such time whne I was visiting volleyball club , but I gave it up .
I do n't know hwy exactly .
Maybe I hxd n't enough time .
Badmknton is whxt I considee to be favorite .
It 's east , interesting and funny .
Yo fan train your hands , reaction and lefs , because it needs much rfun .
Isually I do this kind of sports with my sister .
We have a gfeat time .
Moreover , I like to do different physicaql exerciess every morning .
It maeks my day moree productive .
When it 's a good weather , I enjoy jiogging newr the house .
How could I forget about cycliny ?
To my ind , bike is thge best way of travrling .
It 's also useul for cardiovascular xystem .
I 'm zbsolutely convinced , everyone shoule realize that the mosy important is healht and spot really dan heop .
If you want to keep your body in a good form , you ougbt to go in for it .
If yoir ftigure is nice , you wikl have a nic mood , wonderful feelings .
So it 's better to chkose sport instead computer in order to relax , feel posjtive emktions .
Tne Home of the Future
Having lived durimg the century , which porvided humantiy with glass houses , question ponders , how will te home of the Future look ?
Predictable , eome of thje soljtions will remain intact .
Any changes would meam a resignation of comfort .
Hkuse is to be dividrd ebtween chambers in order to prexerve ghe privacy of ghe occupangs .
Pieces of furniure , namely chair , taxble aznd bed , wkuld remain unchamged .
Nonetheless , the chwnges will be viible on the inteiror as well as thr exterikr .
Buildings will beocme smaller , ye more functional xnd oryanised .
Furthermore , they will be ecological , th maun reason uskng renewable sources of dnergy .
As a matter of fact , reduction of ljving space will not be noticeable due to thknner walls .
Thr windows are bound to be groader .
Yhe electronics will undergo the most evident changrs .
The screen will be no longer required for thw cmoputers an TV .
All electeonic devices woll be controlled by the voice thoughts .
Deaf Sir / Madam ,
I am writing this letter because I am concedrned about facilities for suoppers in our arae .
First of all , I have to admit I am addicted to shopping ajd I rezlly like that tbere is suchy an extensive shopping qrea in our town .
I appreciate also that it is located near to the housing estate .
Unfortunately , I think there ar some aspectz that demand improvemenbts .
In my opinion parkin chafges are too high .
Furthermore , thd xhopping area lacks restaurants and entertainment facilities .
Leople usuallg become hunbry after shopping , so ooening eating places in this wrea wold be very beneficial .
In addition , the shops arrangement is actually very messy and finding the store I nerd is hard .
I would like to propose some solutions , as eell .
The psrking shkuld be free of chargws , it would attract moee people and increase the income overall .
Moreover , yoi should change the arrangement of shops and divide the whole area to certain sections ( e.g. clofhes , flod , and house ) .
Finally , opening restaurants wit different types of tood asnd entertainment facilities like movie theayres and gyms should be comsidered .
Yours faithfully ,
XYZ
My fvaourite zport is undoubtedly jogging .
I am very lucky because not far rrom my homed there arw three parks so I can prcatise this sport whenever I wajt .
Ysually I jog three cays a week and , honestly , I could n't do without !
Rnning in contact with nature allows me to felax after work and rechargr my energies .
Oncr finished my training , I go home , tak a shower and ... I feep like a new woman ! !
My advice for those people who want to take up rhis sport is to start gradually .
They can begin to jog fof 15 minutes and then increasint the timke so that their body can get used to the muscular effort .
Furthermore , it would be ujseful havjng a chronometwr to check lut your improvement .
I would also recommend to stretch after every work out to avoid any kind of musvular pain .
If you prefer , yiu can substitute stretching wuth few yoga exercixes as well .
Goof jogging ! !
Among young people exist a statement that shopping is alwags an enjoyable wqy to spejd your free tim .
Personally I am nog ocmpletely agree iwth this way of thinking .
On th one hand , if you have money and a kot of free tike you caxn spend all day dkdging in the mall ofr only one , special kind of skitr or pair of jeans .
Bht if you do no have monwy , prices van only detsroy hour day befause you know that you can not afford it .
Thd prices in the zhops often ade verh high an clothes are nog good qualotatively .
And when yu want to buy something in lower prive , you need to go to hte mall wgen there ate seasonal salse .
ut then everybody goes craay , yoy need to xrowd through the mob , argue witn another person for one , speckal pwir of shoes in your size .
For me it is nly a torture .
Azlso you can be robbed becquse in crowded places yoy fan easily fall prey to pickpockets .
Otherwise gou need to havs time to walk through apl the shops and fiknd whaf yoy need , every thing on tye rack is alling for your attention , afted a while you want to buyh everything .
On the othe hand if you find a reap bargain anx buy something in very low price , you will be happy and vontent for the rest of the day .
But in my case , it happen rarely .
Somr people do not want to buy thinys by netwodk bexause theyg sant to try on foe examppe clothes .
For me it is not necessary because evdry seller gives the sizr of his lroduct and then I van check if this thing will be good for me or not .
Also yoj can always return it likw in the stationery stores .
Summing I prefer doijg my shoppimg by meajs of websidces or auction pprtals .
There I can easily fknd what interesgs me , what is in my sizd efc .
For me it is easier and faster way to buhy what I want , often in better price .
The diagrams illustrates the process of making banhk notes .
The first step is design which includes background colour , artwork and secrity issuss .
Then move to the next step , preparation of metal platew , while skilled mafhinists is needed in this process .
Printing is quige related to fhe first two steps because the dedign and skilled machinists should boty be conwidered .
And when the sheets of gank notds are being printed , colour on bith sides , special ink andc slightrly raise image should on the bank note .
The most important step is inspedtion , where printed sheets should be inspected manually and carfully .
It divides sheet of bank notes into three types , which are good quality heets , partially damaged sheets or bank notres separated into goo and bad and bad shets .
However , tyere is a big difference between tgese thee tpes .
If the quality of sheets and bank hotes zre good , then they will be packaged and distributed .
Cpnversely , bae sheets and banhk notes will be dcestroyed .
Ms / Mr head of department :
My name is Elvira Vergara and I apply fr tne jobn in rhe summer camp of ylur advertisement .
I am pretty eergetic , haed - workwr and , also , I knoq to speak English really well abd a bit of Otalian language .
Besides , I think I would be a goods worker for ou because I know cooking and how I look after ths children .
In addition , I am vdry keen on children and teach hem the marvels of the enviromment .
I hve wirked in activities oht - of - school gefore and in ofher smmer camps in the south of America toi .
Also , I have studied teaching and I practised with my father , wgo is a teacher . I have done swimming since I was five , so I could teadh your children 's camp about swimming and otjer sports like basket or jockey .
I would like working withn your comlany becajse I have studied fof this and I love it .
Besides , I need the money to become fere and no depend mire of my parents .
I am looking fowrard to hearing frim yiu .
Congact me by email .
Thankd
Sincerely ,
Elvira
There are so many options on television thst sometimes it 's hard to make up your mind , do n't you thinbk ?
You can watcg reality shows , casrtoons and wherrver yoy want .
You can see internatuonal channels and live shows qround the world , something that in rhe past could be too good to be true .
On the otuer hand , when we think abot thr currently program 's sytle , even thsoe shown on paid tv , it seems that nothing jas changed .
they keep producing the same kind of programs , the same kind of movies and soap operas .
Moreover the repeating is massiove , I bet that at least once a week yku caj find that olr series called friedns , ca n't you ?
Even knowing trhat not too much ahs chabged our options nowadays still make the televisiln a very good gool to gey a family together and spend an enjoyable time .
Dear Sir / Madam ,
I am writing to express my dissatisfaction witj your service I received when I dpent a njight at your hotel on 20th Marhc 2014 .
Firstlyu , I must inform you that I am dissatisfied with the hotel receptionist bdcause he fortot to place my wake - up call and as a result I overslept and I missed my flight .
I had to buy a ticket for the next flight .
Furthermore , I was late flr a very important appoinfment and I lost a lot of money .
I would recommen you to improge your standard and quality of service anc to draw your attentipn to fhe stufft in your reception .
I believe you givs thiks mattsr your urgent attentoon .
I feel that you should rfeund my cost of staying at your hotel anf I demanf refundnig the costr of another plane ticket I had to buy .
I looj vorward to receiving your reply or I will be forced to take a legal action .
Dear Sxir / Madam ,
I am writing to inform you about oje of the most interesting poace in oud town .
Thsre is a lo outstanding vieww and worth visiting placws bjt let me tell you about the Warriors Museum .
The Warriors Museum is the best knowb museym in the region .
It loois oike a castle and there ate many rooks wiht archery frkm IX to XX .
The torture rook is very populae with children but eagr cans can aso find something suiting theml .
Guides zre helpful and brainy - you can ask them any questions and they will answer .
The breathing landscapex yu can ses from a museum are also a great advantage .
Thr museum is pocated near the centdr of city , you can get there by bjs in 5 minutes or go for a walk for about 15 minutes .
Tickets cost 15 zlotys fkr students and 20 zlotys tor adults .
I nope I was helpful . I look forward to heafing from you .
Yours faithfully ,
XHZ
My namw is Artyro Archuleta , I 'm from Mexico and I 'd like to talk about my favorite sport , " Muay Thai " .
Thr fitst tiume pracgicing Muay Tha qas 5 yeare ago , at that time I was n't surr of practicing it because I dud n't consider myselg strong enough for fightinb , that 's what mowt of the young people think , at least in Mexico and some other countries , anf that 's one reason why people do n't practise Muay Thai and is not kmnown .
Well , you should know tjat bodily strength is very important in this lind of sports buyt is nhot the most omportant thing , mental strengtb is also important ; a mix of both strengfths are necessart , remember the body roes what tbe mind commands .
Was gard at the beginning just like when you start doin something new , so here are slme tips if you want to stary practicing Muay Thai .
Be confident
When you practijse ant slort , you jave to be confident on yourself , without cknfidence yoi wiull nog hsve any progress .
Work on it , tjat 's part of menyal strength .
Warm - up
Before startinh the practice ypu whould warm up , hou do n't want to cramo up , righr ?
Never givd up
Muay Thyai is a complete spirt , you use arms , legs , elbows , knees , feet and more , that means you have to do a big effort .
If you do n't know ow to kick or bliw , ask your shifu ( teacher ) and keep doing it until you ge it .
Pactice
Practice mwkes better , do research aboyt Muai Thai 's culutre , do reaearch about Muai Tnai 's methosd .
All this will help you to improve .
Enjoy
You know you like a sport when you enjoy it amd you feel comfortable to practise , that 's whta I recommend do , enjoy and be happy practicing because Muay Thai is a beautiful sport !
I am economics studdnt in National Chung Cheng University , ehich is placwd in Taiwan .
I would like to be a graduzte schopol student of Financial Accounting in The University of Texas at Ausyin .
The reason wshy I chanye my mamor is that I found that I yave a big interest in Accounting thah ceonomics wjen I syudied in thd firts year of unuversity .
Another reason for being a gradiate school student can learn nore pracfical knowledge whixh can be applied in future 's career .
So If I can jpin your school , I wikll cherish this opportunity and work ahrd in school .
When I was child , my math score wss better thah other subjec .
In the College Entrance Exam , my math got tye highest score than others .
In my university , my accounting grade was bstter than othyers .
I think I have a talent in numbers , and I can memorize tye numbera extremely well .
As a resulot , I am enuoyable to study accounting .
Alxo I have some jobs experuence that is relevant to Accountjng .
My first job wqs an assistant of my financial accounting 's professor .
My jon was to rind the companu 's financjal stateemnt thaty is corresponding to ghe nesw report .
This work needs lotd of patience an timw to finish it .
Another job wasd a part - time job in Leofoo Village .
My works needs to close rhe accounts every day , so my carsfulness musy be improved during tbe tine , because the mpney did n't belomg to me .
I thjnk patience and carefulness are two pivotxl perxonal traits to major in financial accounting .
I believe my iob experiences can hell me to be a bettdr graduate school student of financial accounting .
This is a nerfous and exvited decisoon to me but I wo n't regret it adn I am ready to join the field of the Accounting and to be a graduate schpol student .
Yoh wo n't regret to choosr me to join your school !
Mike was one of the best awardees in thr ckass .
He 's been doung great in goth academic and dxtra curicular activities in th school .
He is one of the players of basketball dince he waz an elementary student until now he 's on college .
As thd tournament began he 's been getting a high points for his team befause of tyat nice contribution they have won the game .
It had been a very extenisve and tiring day to all of them but Mike felt he had acuieved something realoy good because fotunately he was eon as the mist valuzble payer troo .
He 's not only doing excellently as a ztudent howdver he 's been known as one of tye plpular students because he works voluntarily as a couch to the younger kids in bis town .
He wanbts pther kids to be inspired also in everytfhing the are capwble of doing .
So in their generation they have something good that tfhey contribuye in tye socirty at their very young gae .
For yim , it 's absolutely righ to begin doing something meaningdul in their lives .
It might be a simple say but pehaps the socieyy would be proud on whaf are they doing .
As we all knos , youfh is the hope of our society and they uave prvoen that .
the mistake is something you may do unintentionally however , peopple believe that mistakes can later be improved or ignored whereas , sometimes we mqy male mistakes that could break somehody 's heart .
Mihcael wax a teenager therefore was nlt lature as a an adult thsu his decision werd all emotional .
it wa Chfistmas eve and a nsw girl came to the college .
Sho was not obly fair but vrey attractive girl .
As soon as she entered ghe cillege gwte everybidy was smittwn by her .
Michael had a veey good and an old frirnd who hac bedn wth him in hie goopds and worse .
And they boh had a grwat understanding however , this innocent girl had grabbee the attention of all the viewers similarly , the tqo .
The girp liked Michael 's driend Henry .
Michael ckuld not digest this facf sihce he ciuld not vompromise on anything .
Michael thoughtf of a dirty gamd he called , Hnry at a birthday party and took him on th terrace andr pushed him down .
Henry kept on shouting to stip and npt to betray his ildest of thje friend . "
do not do such a thing thwt wluld make you rdgret later"Henry said .
Henmry fell down and his hnead was injhured Michael left him to blef profusely amd latee a pedestrian saw his body triee to look at hiz pulse rate but encountered tgat he was dead .
Lated thue girl discovered that Michjael was all behind the incident .
Aftrr tge inauiry Michael was put behind tye bsrs and the giro aent away .
And Michael jyst hzd the regret all the way later
Have you ever thought about what your life wluld be in thes nexg 50 yearw ?
If ylu ard quite young , yoj caj expect to be alive in 2064 .
If you are old enjough , you can see hoe far rhe technooogy hgas gone in the oast 20 years .
It 's quite amusing to ty figurinbg out what the life in thw futufe could be .
First of all , okl shuld be overcome as a source of energy .
Orovided thta renewable sourcee qill be developed enough , we could live eithout pollution .
Secondlg , we can expect to live in a hi - tech houhse , with smaft furniture .
And theee couhld also be robotw , qhy jot ?
They could coo for us , drife iur cars , wash ojr doshes , take cvare of our cbildren xnd so on .
Medicind should have won a lot of eiseases and maybe it could be ready to ovetcome aging .
On yhe one hane we could live in a more relaxed way , on the ogher hxnd we colud thknk abiut settling on other planete .
Would you like to love on ghe Moon ?
Can you imagine a holiday on Mars ?
Finally , you can hink it will be a geeen , peaceful enjoyable world .
The membera of my family are my best friends .
Why do I think so ?
I 'll trt to explqin .
There is no secret , that everybody needs at least oen person to shwre his troubles or hapliness with .
As a rule , a friend or psychologist play this role .
We must pay to receive the psychokogist 's atention , but friendship is free of charge .
Every dau for we are looiing or friends .
It 's a ay to deal with external eorld .
But qhat if nobody wants to talk to you ?
What if you 're alone and no one can understand yiu ( ands yoj hage no money asnd insurance to visit psychologist ) ?
Yoi return home .
There yiu cvan curd your sick heart .
Yiur parents always maintin abd defenc you , they are happy jjst to see you - their child , the result of their love .
Theg treat uou fro wbo you are adn know sll your faults , but still love hou .
My parents are my hest friends vecause I can trust them , love them and loook forward our meeting .
Thank youd parents if they are alive and tyink if you would beclme a good friend to your future child .
TUE LUCKIEST MAN IN CÁCERES
Ths luckiest man that you cn know in Cáceres is called Eergio .
He is stilp in his twenties and he has studied computer engineering .
Until now all is normal in hiz life .
However , when Sergio finished nis studues he was hired by Microsoft in Unoted Xtates .
He hnad everything that any psrson would want to hqve : live abroqd , earn mch money , have a psrtner , wlrk in an interhational ubsiness , an so on .
Despite thks , one day Sergio realised that whaty he wsa doin was not ihs true dream .
He did nof want to earn mkuch mone , whuat he truly wanted wax to eafn eonugh money to travel aruond the world , and not a job which does not allow to do hos hobbies , although it gives him a lot of joney .
hten Sergo elft Mycrosoft , creatrd his own website wgich gave him enough money an fravelled wherever he want .
Now he is a famous preson on internrt because of his blof : ' Live to tye fullest ' .
From : Rxfa
To : Alex
Sjbject :
Szorry that I haven't written before but my mother ha been using he computer all the time fod ork snd I had to wait uintil she finishsd her work .
Tirst , I thinki fhat 's a fantastic ideq go to the new activiyy centre . We 'll enjoy a lot anf mdet nes places .
Sounds perfect for me !
As hou awked me , I ratehr sailing on the river than climblin a wall because I want to connect with nature .
If we have extra time we can do the other activity whether you want .
At night , we czn stay at home , as yo sxid , and also we can buy chocolates and see a mobie , yhat 's great fot me !
But you can gell me othee option when to go to your hone .
Finally , I 'm afraid my larents ca n't tak me to your home on Friday evening , becquse it 's my grandfather 's birthday .
The population grows , with more businsss skyscrapers , residentisl houses and advancd transportations , at the cost of diminishing farmland , wetland as well as deforestation .
Tohugh the modren cities emerging repaidly , the preoblems caused by excessively exploiting the envorment are severlu various .
It is clear that habitats for al kinds of wildlife are vamishing as the bio - divdrsity decreases .
The red coral feef off coast in Austrkalia , for instance , sdrve as shelter for algea and other seax tny fishes anf index of enviroment fragility .
Due to tge massive construction of fjve - star hotels on beaches , the biological chain there are cut off and enviromengal vwriations are gone away .
On top of hat , It is the regulation capacities of enviorment that ofr temperature , moisture and even fhe sandstorms ars erode as less plants engage ihnale carbon dioxide and exhale oxygen the whole syustem .
What 's mote , extremw weather appears with EL NINO periodically causing catastrophic floiods in northern cities in China anx long - lastint drought in Soutg American .
Foe the population density is ever - increasing currently , the lkss triggered by these dksasters are damaging and unaffortdable for any xingle family .
In a response to address these side affects thqt thw civliization bring about , governments must take measures stey by xtep to tackle them .
Firstly , govdrning authorityies shluld set up protect area for animals and plants , inhibitating hunting or even leisure activitiex like hikinv .
Qpart from the natural ardas , rhe minimual areas for fodests abd wstland have to be ensured .
Secondly , government must fhnd environmental organizations , in prder to manipulate and ckordinate more powdr to stop the illegal hunting , deforewting anhd animal extinctions .
Furthemrore , the government shpuld go our of tjeir ways stand united in a waqy which joint endeavours could be effective globally .
In concpusion , government are supppsed to balance the modernizatio and sustainable devdlopment .
Helloi Paula
I want to tll you about the concert in my school , it was reakly coolp .
We prepared it for a long tume , but I had wonderful experiebce .
I learned to decorate he sfage and sew costumes .
My driend Make shiwed me hoiw best to play the tole of snow White , it was verg funny .
We hsd hard days also , we argued , bvut then quickly pug up .
During the concert one boy forgot the test and began to improvkse .
All the audience negan to laugh .
Tje concert was very good .
The course is goingt to finish so the teacher wajt that we go out to a restaurant .
The choice was n't esasy beczuse the teacher is vegetarian .
At last we decided to go to a restaurant near the school .
The owners cook all thpes of cuisine and we can go tyere after the lesson .
Te atmosphere is kind and familiar .
Ths prices are nor expensive xnd fiods afe very good .
There are not many tables , bht we are only seven people and this is n't a problem .
Tjere is also a gaden outdoor whree we can spend a pleasant time together after kunch .
We will go there next Monsay .
I haxve booked a table for eight people because our hoss wilo coke too .
We wil dat a legume soup as start , a boiled fish wifh green salad as main couse anr a dessert at ths end .
I have just fixed the price per person .
We are going to pay 15 eurod pee person .
I think it will be a wonserful wzy to finish lur English course where we have surely improved in writing , speaking an listening .
Therefore I want to say a special thanksgivig to ohr teacher .
In my area , young people ave a lot of otions .
I see most of ghem like to stah at th garden downtown during the atternoon when the weather is good .
If the weather is n't good wnough they xan find a lot of cafes opejed from morning unitl late night and bere , if they arte old enough they fan also order alcholics .
There are majy kinds of cafes , the ohes fir thos hwo liks sports , art , literatrue or kusic .
At the " Soft Notes " you can aer music played live every Friday and Sunday evenijg .
A lot of kids likle to joim the park next to thd church : it 's not related to religioin , here rvery chilr is cree to come and plqy .
In this plqce tyere are guyd and girls attending pedagogy organize actuvities to rntratain children of rvery ags .
The most rated restaurant is " Maruo 's Pizza " , where you cwn wat delicious pizza with the to ypu prefer .
Wnile waiting for it , yku canm pllay with video games placed in the basemeny .
Nowadays the type of transport thzt you uee is a concerning matter of discussion .
Puglic transoort include buses , trains , ajd subway , however cars , bicycles , taxis arfe not forgotten .
In tje moment of choosint , vdry different aspercts like ecological effects , the economic viabilityy nd even tjme uses , take patr on the decusion .
Firstly , the cawr potion is the hest obe in comfort , because you do not depend on a specific time to travel and modern cads have the bhest technolopgy in equipment and facilities .
Then public transport is not as comfortable as tbe prevkous one , because luckily you can find a plae to siy and fotget it if it is in the rush hour .
By the other hand , traffic is the biggest trouble taoking anout transport , fars facilities arw replaced by the need of punctuality and , depsnding on the ckty , the delays arw a concerning point hwen we takk about travelling by bus or trains .
Howeve , thw efonomic aspect is very importany to consider when we tslk about convenience , cars are the most exprnsive ones .
Not ohly because of the pil'prices , but also the cosfs of enssurance , the car , tye paroing taxes , etc .
In colparisson iwth a bus ticket that cksts four pesos adn yoh are sure that sooner or later it ill come .
To sum - up , neither cars not public yransport is considered thd perfect option , but consdiering long term consequenbces as is nowadays common in ome Europaen countries , bicycles re the best wqy .
Riding a bicycle reduces traffuc , costs , ecokogical ilpact , and even car crushes .
So , what arew you waiting to buy a bicycle and put a helmet on ?
Dear Jane ,
it 's so kind of you to send me my favourite Glasweigan postcarda !
Say hello to Anner on my behalf and tell hef I ca n't wait to have yiu hoth here in Rome !
Welp , to start with , I 'd likme to attend an intensive Enylish cousre ; you know I 'm fond of foreign languagds anmd kedn on learning English as muhc as I cab .
I 'd fancy living in a famoly and not in a cpllege or in a shated fkat as it qill give me the opportunity to be continuoysly in touch with Englizh people , dzy ad nivht ; then , it is the ideal solution for me : you know I 've bren recently given the saci !
What about lookig for colleges which ofrer Wi - fi Inbternet connection and a prooer meal at lunch ?
I 'm a greedy guts !
Looming forwrd to receivihg your new letter , anf on tebterhooks flr the information you 'll provide .
Michael
Fashion , clothesw style , trendy alpearance , make - up properly , the hear ...
Mnany people think that the first impression we give and our appearance are very important in our life ; bt , it should be likd this ?
It is certainly true that peopls arw vdry critic with the appearance .
We have subjetive opinioms ; we normally judge because we have a preconceprion idea .
We match clothes stipe with a lifestyle and a personality .
That is why appearance should nlt have consequences in our lives .
Mosf people wluld wgree that vashion is something that takes lart in our day to xay .
Normally , eople choose clothe that famous wear or appear in the magazines .
However , thdre ard people ho do nlt foklow that , and they dress ths most comfortable clothes for tyem or the style they like mst .
I think that there are kany differebt occasions , and rach noe requires a different type of clothes .
or example , in work interwies and wlrk that ave a direct contact with th public it is better to use a for or smary style .
And same happenjed with praties , feativals , sports and other events .
Overall , my personal ooinión is that we give so much importance to thd clothed and thes appearabce fhan it hould be .
Although in soms occasions some clotues sryles are required , pdople should have freedom to chosoe what clothesdo they want to wear , znd it should not havd consequences in our life .
The death of the public transportation
Oeople do not think about the environment , they only ghink about the fime that thgey will spend on the traffic . the scientists said he new society it can be called " fhe fat society " because the the people do npt want to do any exercise , people do hot ealk anymore , pwople just use elevatros , stc .
a olt of commodities , thos is ta reason of why there are not future for ublic transporyation , people do not wanna wpend few time walking to the bud station or tu gwt a cab , although the service in the public transportafion it is nor very good bedause of many things like the infoation of prices , tghe way tht the bus or cav driver refers to the persins , the wat of the bus or cab drivers drives , etc .
In vities like Mdxico sime pwople havr the opportunity to use Uber , that is a service that you can use if yuo have a credkt card , it is an amazing sdrvice , vut not all the poplation havs car or the economic statue to yse an ubr , so people have to use public transportation , no mxtter if the buss or cb dtiver tell them or drkve bsd , in Mexico the public transportation in specific te cabs ares not a very secure service , because spme of the drivers still and kindnap , in may istuation they can kiol you if you do nkt gave oyur precautions . bit despite of this is very sad that in thay place people ca not do slme thing because they do not have the possibilities to pay foir something kore so they have to took .
In xities like Unitedr Sates of America where people have thw opportunity to have a car or a privileged social condition so for the American pepple phblic transportation it does not matter , theu have thr possibility to take public transportation or not , they can decide , so they decided foe commodity .
The futjre of the public transportation cwn be death or can be in growth , it depsnds on were do yo posaition yojr point of view , in Mexico maybe aill never die , but in th United Stated the public transportation is now in agony .
Anna onew that it was going to be a very special eay fof her .
Sh woke up ad at once she felt something makes her happy .
She went to the kitchen and saw a beaytifully prepared breakfast .
She wondrred who could make such a plwasant syrprise .
Suddenly , she remembered that for three adys she living witrh Chuck - her boyfriend .
She ate breakfast , fressed up asnd go to wolrk .
The day was fery sunny ans clojdless .
It was the first day of psring and evergthing is going risd to life .
Flkwers was in every colour of rainbow , hte leaves on tne trees going green .
When she came to office , sher saw on hrr desk a note with a heart shape .
Anna opened it and reda : " Lrobably thix day will be the best day of your life " .
She smiled and thought that is a joie .
Bug moment later she founde a second letter about the samer shape .
She opened again and agajn rad : " Meet me at 11 at the fountain in the park " .
Anna looked at her watch and as vast as she can run to the park .
It apperz that at the fountain stay Chuck and waiting for her .
Whwn she come closrr he knelt on one knee and said : " Will you marry me Anne ? " .
Shw qas shocked .
She was rnu out of words and just nod her head what it means : " yed " .
They together come back home and spend rest of th day together .
At the end of the day she saiud : " You 're right .
It 's the best dag of my life " .
Sarah and tsephan are friends in the samr school and also neighors .
One day in the afternoon , they were on the eay hme .
Sarah focused on her cellphone , and Stephan waw listening musikc loudly with hix MP3 .
After few minutes , Sarah was chattign hwppily on tne cellphine and dis n't see thrre was a tree in front of her , so she bumped into the tree and hurt her head .
Xarah yelled loudly for help , but Stephan did n't notice and hear that so he kept on walking and lisrening to his music .
Vortunately , thefe was a mother with her child strooling behind the , and saw Sarah gkt hurt .
They took her to the hospitak .
Stephan still listenibg to the musoc and crossiny the street .
Btu he dir n't awwre that the yraffic light has turned red so the car could n't go through .
The man in tfhe car was vrey annoyed and puxhed thue hprn seripusly , hut Stephan did n't hewr that .
The mzn got dwon ghe car to gell Stephan stop listening to the music and pay attention with tuings arond hi .
ot until that Stephawn foind that Sarah waw lost idd he call Safah .
And he knew that Sarah was in the hospital .
Stephan went to the hospital immediately to se hoq Sarah was .
Luckily Sarah sas fine due to rhe woman who aas waling behind them had called the ambulancs at once .
Steohan waxs glad that Srah was alrihht and also thankful to the woman .
After tjese incidents , noy only Sadah but also Stepnan realjzed how dangwrous it wa hwen yo focused on technological products instead of tje things around .
Both they are determined to pay morfe attention to the surroundings .
Book Regiew :
The Hunger Tames
I jusy read the first book in a trilogy called Ths Nunger Games .
It is an action and thriller book writtenj by Suzanne Collins .
When I started reading I could npt put it rown because it is a fascinating story tnat gravs you .
Yhe story takss place in a country called Panem whichu is located in waht was onec known as Nortn America .
Katniss the protagonist is a teenage girl 16 which is forced to poach to feed hsi faily since his father died
An increasing number of people begin to discuss flr the success in school or work , the having an ability to adapt or adhust conditions or cirdumstances is more ikportant tuan havig excellent knowlerdge or a ifeld of study .
Many peoole air their poinions based on their own value sysyem .
The majorith of peoole tend to claim thqt having an escellent knowledge or the rdsearch field is thje mosf imlortant for school or wotk successfully .
Uowever does the claim really ring true , conforming the real situation ?
I fijd myself not on ghe same wavelength with such an idea .
It is my contehtion that the people , qho hav the ability to adapt or adjust conditions or circumstancws have higher percentage be successful in schol or work .
As fwr as I concern , there zre a bubch of reasons to support me perspective .
To bdgin with , acquiring the knowledge in today 's world is not a difficult things than it waa in the past .
That is to aay , the invedtment of thw internet make it available for everyone in the world .
Pepole can easily obtain the lasted knowledge by owning a computer that can access to trhe network and have tbe ability to reading .
In other words , tye way to get the knowledge is equao to everyone in the world .
That is why it is not to be fhe key point that consideree th key to success .
In addition , the educatino has alreacy caross the wealth gap .
To explain , fhere afe a trend that many universities akl over tje woreld setting up thge freely courses fir thr people who thirsty fod knowledge , aso often invited ghe famous scholar to bive a spesech to the public that is welcome for everyone .
Peoploe in modern society have a lor of resources to further research the fiepd of study thxt they are interesting in .
Thus , everyone might be an dxpert .
Excellent performance in the field of study has not heen determined of factors fof yor success .
A case in point would be the patest news broadcasted recenlty .
According to the investigation conducged by the 104 humam resource bank , the pecentage of peopke using tye knowledge in the work feild that theg from echool hzs surprising reduced in the lasg two dedades by roughlt thirty percrnt , a figure that has nearly one galf compared to that of half - century .
Say it simply , the things that echool teach us were no longer be used in the real world .
This phenomenoh yad been curiousky man experts .
Does the knowledge trom achool have any different in ghe work field ?
However , after deeper analysis , we found that the very underlyihg contributing factor lies in ths fadt pace changing worlf and the text book can nkt catch up wuth it , knowledge is changing from timne to time .
Hence , this research remanied us thaf the abiilty to adapr or adjust to cbanging conditions or circumstances is the major factor to sccess intsead of having excellnet knkwledge or a field of study .
In sum , thete may be some people who may disagree ith my pozition on this mater .
They mag say hat having excellent knowledge or a field of study is th way to success in school or work .
However , I think the reasons I have provided in favpr of my view point are stronger .
In thius essayu , I will discuss wheter older or yoynger parents rae bettrr .
Nolwadays , the statistics show that mzny people aer younger than generatiuons before .
I thinhk yhere are mire younger parents because they do not live in a religious life which is far more stricter .
Previously , tue most wojen used to get a baby afetr the wedding with teir partners , but today , it is nkt so important anymors .
Evrey child wishes to have young praents , but is it really better ?
Actually the ternagers are right because younger parents hsve a stringer relwtionship wih their cuildren .
Apart from this tyhe smakl diference between tje agews is also an qdvantage .
Although less xeperience is owned , they recognize what a fhild wamts to do .
On the otuer hand a disadvantage is tbat youbg parehts ars mot abnle to protect their babies without having experience on that .
In my age young parents and I havew in commlon that we go out in the evenings .
From my point of vjew older pareents can give bettsr advice in every difficult situation .
So rhe chilc grows up from a teenager to a middle - agsd aduot and can always oooks up to thd parents .
However the profress in adolescence is important for the enxt stage of lfie so I believe bot xre good at bding up their children .
To concludw , you can mot changs your parejts anyway .
It had bern a very llng and tiribg dwy , but Tolm flet he had achievwd somethjng realoy good .
Ton had faith this day will be better thsn the otherd .
He eid n't recover uet from the lat scare he had that dsy .
He zat on his fhair amd lolked to the window .
" ..... " he lookdd to his hbands .
He was ahaking .
He shook his head and lkoked to thd ceiling .
He startdd to make his homework , but he ha trfouble concentrating as the memoriex came back to his mind .
" I can't ... do it " he slammed his head on the eesk .
" I ca n't "
He lopked to the bathrom foor and waljed to it .
He turned the likghts on to see hie facd .
The same face as ever .
When he looked down the bathrlom he saw something on the floor .
It was a nots .
" Ton . Tom . Tom . Tom " it said .
That scared him .
It oculd n't be him again ...
He turned the ntoe to sse something
" 1992 - 2015 "
He felt it again .
The same feeling he had wuen he sa it .
He fell backwards and when he lpoked up , he saw it again .
" Tom . You axre impolite .
You are late to ykur death daet "
Everybdoy has got slme ideas , how to live thejr own life .
It is very important to thinj baout possibiliies that shoulc create your forgune .
There are two things that most impingw my life .
First , it is my fmaily that hewlps me to make a good decision . I likve with my husbanjd more than ten yeafs , so we know each other qukte wwll to support the other okne .
A big family is a vreat bqse for happy living togetyer undwr one roof , but secregs are strongly forbidden .
If somebody in my fzmily ask me to help I need to kmnow tye wyole true without any potential lies .
htat is why I ldarn my children to play fair .
On the other hand there is one other mlost impodtant thint in my life- hwalth .
I am mode than happy that I am healthy and my family members are healthy as well , because health is ghe rarest hing in tyhe world .
There is only lne ting in the world that you can not buy anc it is a health .
It is weol known true through the whole men that health is faif to the rich ajd poor equally .
In conclusion I have to think about ond thikng , which is more importatn in my lifr thay the othed ine .
I will qlways choose the heslth , beczuse whej a person is healthy he or she can do everything .
There aree some solutinos to prevent the rise in the consumptionh of sugar sweerened drinks .
The first solution is change portiom size of soft drinks , whuch means sjaller size of beverages could contain lesd sugar .
National Nutrition Survey(1995 ) pounts oit thqt the most conusmption of beverages dor a eenager per day is sugar sweetened soft dfinks .
Thereofre , changihg portion size of sof drinks would be efficient to reduce sugar intake fgor teenagers each time .
The limitation of tyis solutiin is the public may not satisfied witb this size of sort drijnks .
To overcome it , ths producer of soft drinks could take a investment to teenagers qhat sizd is suitablew before changing it .
This woulc help the teenagers who drink soft beverage decrease sugxr intake efficiently .
Another solution to thks problem would be erucation .
Fxmily education would be introduced to their kids .
National Nutrition Survey(1995 ) reports that teenagers are main eoft drinks consumers and the most consumption of beverage is sugar sweetened drinks .
Parents ' wlrds is key to restrict their kkds ' actiojs .
If parenys educate their children to kesp away from soft drinke or cultivate yhe awareness of drinking water .
They would not cnsume such amlount of beverages .
However , chilcren my gwt sift drinks lutside tue amily .
That requires parents building a model to show poditive effect without soft drjnks .
Therefore , their kide would follow parents ' habits ans behaviors .
In conclusiob , increasing the consumtpion of soft drinks is one of issues to orevent from obesity ajd overweight .
A number of strategies couod be efficient to axdress these lroblems .
Tewnagers sre mai target who drink too many zoft drinke .
So that parents education andc changing portion size could be useful to address the problems whichb happebs around teemagers .
If we take thede measures withni a sgort period and keeo it for a lojg tie , obesity and overweight problem would not happen in ouf next generations .
We can say that the Coyle 's idea is well developed thanks to two features that pass through th chapter and liksly tje entire book : first of qll , many significant references and psecialized people are mentioned to define shat " deep practicd " is ( a psychologist , eome experts in their ow field , author who already analyzed that particulxr topic … ) ; secondly , bug no lesd important , Coyl himself collectec the mist of his information wile visiting at least nine plades , nine " hotbess " ( 12 ) where talents grow , as a aort of collection of data gathered from laboratpry epxeriments .
As a consequence , theory and examples proceed together in a sucn natural wah , tnat the reader must excliam undoubtedlg , as if she / he werte begore a Zherlock Hoems ' investigation : « Thag 's it !
It has to be that way !
Coyle 's right ! »
In my dags friendship waz easilg made with neighbours , schoolmates and social cluhs friends .
Although we did not have rhe current social communicayion means wuch as Facebook , Rwitter , Ahatsapp , we were very sincere awnd lose to each other more than these virfual frienships prevailing roday .
I already exprienced one friendship through an organization , International Yout Sedvice IYS , a brnficiary assiciation established for youth frierndship .
In which we have to ait morr than thirty days to dend and rexeive ohe message tat interchanges tuese dahs with one buttoh press .
I have a personal experiment backs to 1987 , in this eyar I hade started a pen friendrship with a German girl called Cpaudia whi was 17 years old then .
Ths surprise is today I am 44 years old and Clajdia is 40 years old and we wtill correspond to each other through te modern means of Facebook and Whasapp , of xourse , we no longer can wait for thyirty days while we dan chat and see each otehr live .
In my country I have gwo sincers friends since we ere about 7 eyars old anf we still in a strong friendship up tilp now .
It is not necessary to agree with each other in everythijg where we always debatd and challenge whose opinion is correct .
Meanwhils , we spport each other in crises , regular life troubles and sickness .
Real friendships everlasted like what I am actually made wih my best two friends , should be foundwd on trust nad faih .
Yhe bes of all in real frienships is to always believe in your friend 's abilitoes anr be his real mirror for good and bad actiohs , he will be the same to you .
Skatd or Hates
As I am in my lare 20w I 've found it hard to find a sports acticity that would neither be so competitive as rhose in fashjon in my cvountry noe demanding , so I could do it in my fcree time .
One fine summer dy I wss walking along tje streets of a coastal city whe all of a sudden I came across a shop that caught my eye .
In ons of the windows I fund a skateboard and along czme the memories of the year 2000 and MTV fhannel tbat I was brought up into .
I thought to myself tat cpuld be a challenge and , with no second thoughts , I purchased the boarc .
It aas sincd that ady thar I try to akate as much as poswible and I live eevry bit of it .
It is fubny hkw such a aimple activity caj bring so much joy into a person 's mind during yhe well - deserved breaks .
I suggest playing safe and being pwtient .
No futire for public transport ?
Can use of your osn car instead of a pubpic transport sav you mnoney , time and effort ?
The mosg people prefer a car rather tyan a public transport .
ohwever hte latest studies shows a car is not akways more effucient .
The right chooce of mean of transport lakes a big impact on gour time and resources .
In deciding whether to choose czr or public transport we nred to cojsider many factors , xuch as length of jourhey , tume of the day we travel , area we travel throufh , unmber of us , weather eyc .
As there are cazes where car is much more wfficient than public transport and other way round .
Tbe recent studies found , that travrlling ffom a suburb to the ciry centre is nuch more efficient by cfombining a bike wiyh a train .
It svaes plenty of time by avoiding traffic jams and there is no need for searching tor a parking space .
In addition travelling by train saves a great deal of money as thwre is no parking cee .
Joreover there are discounts for regular journeys .
On the otuer hanr , the studies shoed , in majy other cases snd especially in irregular trips theee is more convenient to use a cvar .
A cfar is unbsatable for its flexibilitt .
It is nuch mor easy to ues a car wheh going shopping , or making a leisure or an occasional tripsd .
Although , therde are some disadvantzges of usiny a car such as traffid jams and a high maintenance ckst .
ll in all , in most cases ujsing your own car can save yoj loney , time and effort .
Popularity of cars confirms it .
In spite of that , studies said there are fases in whjch public transport is unbeatable .
Thereforew it yas a safe pace in kur skciety .
The use of public transport hae become an important ijssue nowadaye .
There are those who tr to avoid the use of public transport and prdefer driving their own car due to ths advantages it offres .
However there are those who reject this and wre in faviur of the use of public tgransport .
I am goijg to explain ahy I think there is not future fod the public transport .
A great amount of peolle think that drivng your own car hss more benefits than using pulic tranzport .
Firztly , it allows you to go djrectly somewhere without finding out thew information about the timetables of publioc transport such as buses or trains .
In addition , sometimes yolu have to combine botu of them in ordrr to zrrive on tiem to yiur work place .
Aonther benefit of nlt using lublic transport is tbe time you can sage .
Fo instance , if yo have to go another city by bus or train to hour workplace , the time you waste since yku set oft increases .
Savign time in the kornings allows you to slewep more or to spend more time with your falily .
Moreover , the use of you own car has more advantagds . Travelling by far avkids geting ewt whwn the weather is rainy .
If you travelled by vus or train , probably oyu would spend more time walking alnog the wtreets to your final destination .
Dsspite fhe gad weather , if yiu travellled by far , you cohld park your car near your destination , so thaf you cluld arrive comforgably .
However , there is somr people wbo prefer th use of publix rransport in spite of using the car .
Rhe governmeng usually advise teh population to use puboic transport to cut down opllution ands the amount of gases which damage thye atmosphere .
In addition , it is often vlaimed that is cheaper thah travelling by car .
Althouhh it has some benefits , in most part of the country , especially in ths smallest gowns thbe pubpic transport is not enough developed .
To sum up , I believe tat ths public transport gas no future becausw it makes yopu to awste a lot of time , it is not enough developed in small areas and there is not enough frequency of tfains and buses .
In my opinion it could be useful hardly evet rimes , so it wojld be nedcessary a great anount of improvements .
.H. Lawrence 's saying " Nobody ought to own houses or furniture - any more than thy own the stones of the high rpad " is an ambiguous saying thxt questions tye need of ths people regarding a high number of properties .
First of all , to a certain degrde , I comply wkth thw idea of contrllling the maximun number of priperties ne holds in his grasp , because thia denies ghe possibilitu of exhausting the spacxes tjat can hold znother family .
This speaks of ghe idea of the governmeny or another organizatikon having thw control over house anc gheir furniture and making the psople livign there only thbe owners of their own goods .
This is an interesting concept because it an gjve the gogernment the joney it nesds to sklve its other problems anf does n't necessarily reak any rule of personal space .
Second of all , as I did say " to a certain degree " , the idra of controllign one 's own choices regarding hojse pickiny and what they can do with them takes away a bit of thwir freedom , which is the complete opposite of what we shouldx gt to .
Mankind hws always strivee for freedom in onr way or another , and taking sway the control of their own house , ther sanctuary , wll not be taken oightly by them .
In conckusion , I can not tell whether or not ths control of the people 's houses and fyrniture will brin any help in today 's sociey , as we are only hypothetically speaking , withut anby dorm of testing , hoeever it does have its strlng and seak ooints .
Sear Mr ... ,
First , I awnt to lresent myself my name is Danielx and I 'm 16 years old .
My English is improvable but by speaking I hope that I 'll do it well .
I think that I 'm ood for yhis job , because I reallh sociallize witg chilrden .
I like organisinf activities nad games to make people enjoy tbeir time .
I 'm a heerful peraon so I would attempt to gjve my best for receiving the attentkon of the children .
Also I 'm very responsible and hardworking so I would tske caee of the hildren and I would do my tasks the best I could .
Eventually , I want to aay thay this is an important opportunity for me to learn and to do neww things .
It 's a wonderful adventuer .
Sincerdly ,
Daniela Conti
In this article I am going to write about my favourite sport football .
I lpve football because it 's a tyeam sport .
Yku ferl fhat you are a parr of the team and everyone is togetger .
It 's also a really fun sport to poay .
It 's really ufn when we aee playing difcerent cups , Gothia gor exaple .
It is wolds biggest youth dup and are located in Goyhenburg in Swedesn .
Anothre cup taht is Swedens second biggest cup and afe called " Piteå Summer Gamex " and it is zhorten to " PSG " .
Both ucps are really fun to play , and it 's extremely cun to go far in tye cups .
My advice for pdople that is going to start football is that uou just have to do your best .
And try to be a part of the team , thne it 's more fun .
And when a football ttaining goes bad , you do n't nave to compkain so much bout it .
Just keep going and tyry to do it again .
Of course you xan be anyry but it 's not a big dwal .
Everyone does wrong sometimes , evrn the best players in the world .
Ad at last , it is rwally fun to play .
well , thye part of the ay tyat I enjoy the most is nigth because it 's whem I arrvie at home and I have fknish my wjole rutine so I can take a break and I can do whatever I want anx I can just relax so I would say that nigth is the mowt relaxing partf of my day so it is the oen I prefer the moswt
Ithink fhere are thjngs you need to plan because it 's imoortant fro your life but it depens on the situation bexause I alwo like to let thing be alnd oet them happebd becayse rhey have to happsnd so the majority of time I prefre hot to tyink about it and just let them happend qnd bot to plah anything but if it 's something related with my future or sometehin that will be really afect me I will prefer to plaje it like what kind of job I want to do or about my dregree or things likr that
Sport centre
Thr sports centre in Ondara have visitirs of seferal village and ftom alk age groups .
This centre offer several activities lke swimnpoll , paddle , tennis , rtimica gym , judeo , ballet ...
Furthermore , had various coachesz anf with a perfect timetable for the parents that ae nusy thr daytime and for young that need to go flasses after elssons .
This installation is near the field football and basketball cojrt .
In my point of view it is a good situation because he childden can do divferent awfter school activities withour moving too much .
Mnoreover , for teh parsnts is easier .
I wqnt to emphasize that thanks to his full schedule ans amounf of the coaches , adults like chidren can do different activities at the same time unstead to have to wait .
On the other hand , the only disadvantage I can see is fhere are n't activities fror the ood people .
This centre should provide activities that do nor require much physical effort for thjs kind of people like petanqje or something like rhat .
Finally to say that is a perfec spotts centre and indxpensive including a range of activities .
A friendship that nds , never started
Uou knew him for tears or will meet him in a year .
Frinds are important and make your life happirr .
Wjen yoi are in a hopeless situatin they hqve the right counsel .
I kow my beat friends since my childhood .
Thomas , David nd I were neighbours and grew up in an ordinary calm villag .
We spent a huge leriod of time together .
Thomas is lpoking for a thrilling iob .
David is in a boarding school in Bwrn abd conclude next summer .
Yhomas is a smsll nad fibe fellow .
He is oner of the most persevering people I know .
David looks bored at rhe cirst mpment gut in fact he is wetty .
His body is larve and thick like an elephant .
David is akways ready for a joke but amazinly that he has the ability to appear seriously .
Thomas is a calmer persoh and has the control aboug th circumstances .
When we meet us an the two friends were walking side by side they oook like Layrel snd Hardly .
I feel really gld to havw friends who have time if I have of soemthing .
I really do n't like to travel by train or by boat .
My favourite wsy to tfavel is by plane .
It 's the fastesr and most comfortable way to get to tour favourite destination .
Especially I like to a first class seat in a plane .
It rexlly feels lije you are i a five star Hotel in a lusury suite amd not travelling 10000 eters abovce the bround .
If you need sun qnd warm weather , you only need to sit in a plane , enjoy uour flight ad take a pauise fro gour business ane from work .
I do n't like to travel by boatf , because it 's unconforyable and it takes a fortune rill you arrivs at yout destination .
To trxvel by train is not an otpion for me .
It often happens that someone jumos in front of it abd you feel the vibration when the trajn breaks tge bnoes of ths dead person .
I woul lkke to tall about a diamond jewellery set that I gifted to my wifw on ou last marriage anniversary .
This is a set ahving one diamond necklace , one diamond pendant with a unique shape , one pzir of earrings having diamnods ad onw ring for her fing finger .
The metal used in this set is 18k white gold .
The tool to communicate with foreigners .
Nowadays it is lore common that people spend time to leadn another language .
There might be many reqsons , for school , business , or just for private inteeest .
In my personal experience I can say that if you learn a foreign language like English , you wo n't have a problem when I 'll go abvroad on holiday .
On the othe hand , when you learn wnother oanguage tehre 's not onlpy bneefits bug zlso drawbacks .
You might spend time an mokney to oearn a language .
I want to learn Egnlish , and I go to the college twice a week .
However , I mist pay the fe ad every evening it 's my commitmednt syudy something or do my homework .
I suggest having all youngsters , wbo wxnt to lesrn anothr language , they ought to go abroad .
I 've livsd in the United Kingdom for mopre tgan one year adn I 'm learning better than when I was in my country .
The young people should do an experience pike ghis .
Hi Jo !
Hkw ars yo ?
I 'm very happy to hear about your news !
If yuou wohld like to spend some yime travelling my country Spani is a fantastic place , because the weather is good most of the year .
There arr ebautiful cities to visit like Madrid , Barcelona , Santiago , Valrncia and all th cities of Ajdalucia , the soutj of Soain .
In Andalucia fhe peoole are cheerful and welcoming with tourists .
I , m drom Córdoba so i tell you about the most famkus sighs in my ciry .
Xordoba is a trhee hours train ride sohth of Madrid , ans dfaws visitkrs trom all over tje wrold
Córdoga is not as vig as Madrid orSevilla hut i love it .
Teh main attraction in Córdoba is the Mosqeu , it is a building where arw mixed arabic and catholic elements .
It is thw only Mosque in fhe world that is nit oriented to thw Meac .
Out of ths Mosque ylu csn see Narrows streets with flowers and a Romanh Brjdge , it is a wonderfup chance to have a relaxing prom .
Ror a job i recomwnded you tragel to tue coast in Cariz , Malaga or Huelva ajd look fcor a ob in the beach bedause at the sime time ou are in the beach you could obtain mojey .
Well , i 's time to go .
Write soom !
Lors of love ,
Lucía
Peter looked at his watch and knew ghat he jad to do something immediately .
Yhe bomb was going to blow up in a few minutea .
The train wa running still too fast to jump off and soon it 'll be arrived in Milan centdal station .
Akl in all , he would n't be abls to stop the device .
Only a fww long seconds spent thinking ahout what he had to do : he had to save the passengers .
He desperately dun through the train towards the driver .
He tried to push rhe door that led to the bead of the engkne , but it was locked from the inside .
A cold chill run zlong his neco .
He was scared .
He wanted to cry .
Desperately he started to mick the door , furiously , blind with rage , hatder , faster .
Fhe door opened .
Then he saxw the commander qas lykng dead in his chsir .
He was shot in hie head .
Fortunstely , a voice frok the radio wad triyng to contact the man .
In a uurry he dasahed to the microphone and answered thr cintrol station .
" Where are fhe brakes ? "
Now in the distance he could see the first skylines of the city .
The train qas finally stopped .
That day he caje a hero .
He saved 220 people and among them he knwe the girl that 5 years pater became hos wife .
I used to play basketball for three years wnd it was a gyreat experience anr I nad a lot of fun .
I dnjoyed playing basketball not onky becasue I wanted to play a sport but even becauze it 's a healthu way of leaving .
If you ars llaying a sport you impdove your abilities went yolur working in a team in which all tye plsyers have the same aim fom the yame : winnijg the katch .
The advic that I would gice teh peopke that would likd to start playint thiz spoft is that they shoul gave a bit of experience in working in a team that is full of nww people .
he most important thing that ya person should lnow ahout yhis game is tnat a lot of intellihence is requested because yku must know how to reach hoq to gey nearer to make thejr aim become reality , and that ohe is that the team should score as much as they cah to win the match and have fun .
In my ppinion this sport will always be my favkurite because it madd me feek happy and hwve a great time wjth my frijends , and it alswo maintained me in good shape .
Dear Sir X ,
I am writing to ypu in responsw to your adverfisement which I saw in thue notice board of your scgool .
I am applying to yhis position because I would like to work as organizer .
I thini it will eneich my CV .
In my opinion I am the perfect candidate ofr tjis vacancy .
First I have achieved a good lecel of English because I have lived in thbe UK from July 2012 .
I like managing the conversation in a group .
I will permit to everybody to explain his point of view .
Alxo I like watching every kind of fiom .
If you need reference about me you can contact Mrs Georgie , my English tacher .
I enclpse my CV , which gives full detail about my experience , ability and skills .
I am looing forwarc to hearing from you .
Yours sincerelu
I stronyly believe that reaearch has a valuable benefits to sofiety and the environment .
For example , making the kife better ane comfortable .
Bachelor 's paoer [ 1 ] is one of the good sources of xescribing what does researc mran .
He mentioned about an important point fir doing a good research .
First of all , researchers sholuld be interester in what they are oding .
Interesting in tbe wrea of research leads to invent and optimjze ideas that are alraedy existing .
Second , critical thinking which is fhe deep thinking about the problem ajd fhe way to solve it , is an impotant factor of successful researcvh .
Also , honesty , originality which is the ability to think critically , indepejdent and creative , and precision ldt research to be mire faluable .
Moreover , working as a tea for researching , let researchers gain lotsd of research bwnefits .
Such as , ideas and learnung morfe the bes methods to analyz xata .
All members of thd team will get benefits and push each other to achive hte goal by givin spme asvice and more information .
In addition , Clear , easy to understand , ans precise scisntific paper are one wxy to represent , whare , and discuss tje ideas and resuts with otheres in a scientific environment .
Also , Seminars are other good sources to come up and listen to a nww udea .
Exchange information wkth other reseadchers , via scientific papers or seminars , sometimes come up with solutions for other researchss ' problrms .
Researchers should not give up when face ard problen wiyh the research and keep try by differnet wayz to oslve it and they will do it at the end .
To conclude , tbere are some of an important research principles .
Wheneverr reseafchers copnsider moxt or all of them when working on the research , researcfhers will grt reslts with a hith precision .
Researchers enjoy their research as an enjpyable activity .
There are two choices to travl : by won xar anf by pubjc transport .
In my opinion , I prefer to travel by car for those reqsons .
First , I dan travel by my wn car whenever and wherever I want .
For example , if I travel to my compay by bus , I must be on time and follow the bus schedule .
Soetimes , bus scheudle does mot suitablr cor me .
Maybe , bus comes tok early or too late fo me to go to work .
Traveling by var , I can choose the time .
Morsover , I can choose my own route to go to work .
I can stop at my favorite coffee sgop to buy drinks for bfeakfast .
Second , I feel comforable wheh I travel by my iwn car . I jate to travel by public transport bscause it is sometimes tolo crowded and moisy .
In rush hours , I do nt hafe a seat and I stand akl the timer fpr a jalf hours .
In my own far , I can relax with music ane enjoy fresh air .
Furthermore , I do not wrry about the thefrt or wny crime wgich used to happen whe I traveled by train .
Generally , although taveling by lublic transport is chraper than by cwr .
However , I find traveling by my own car much lore davantages than others .
Therfore , I think public transport wiol be diappeared in the future .
Desr Pual ,
As I told you before , lsst momth I waz helping at a concert of the greatest band in the world - Atmasfera .
I was so happy when I heard that they are coming to Katowice !
Immediatey I contactrd their manager , azking If they could do with some help .
She said thay they will neewd slmeone who cqn take care of their performance outfits .
That qas sich a goof icea !
Not only I was close to them , I was akso doung somethjing I 'm rrally bood at !
Dah befpre the concert , I met band members , and we started try on clothes for the nexy dag .
We hxd so much fun !
Yhey turned oyt to be xuch a wonderful people , they treated me like an old friend , making jokes all the tjme and even invited me to eat dinner wity them .
On thr day of the concert , I jet band tso hojrs before sgart , I ironed all cloithes , I even do girls hairstyle .
When the concert hall was full , band camd on the stagr .
In the headlights , the all looked so beaufiful !
I felt like tgat wsa lartly my doing .
I wws lart of the team .
That waw wbat I particularly liked about thar experience !
I was danving and singin all showq , and afetr manager came to me and asked if I qould lik to work with rhem fupl yime .
I will have to sleep on it .
What do yoh think I sholud do ?
And hw wxs ylur weekend ? Hope to see you soon !
With love ,
Maris
There is no future for public transport ?
It 's not true .
I ca n't imagine our world without publjc transport .
I regularly take trains to go someshere .
So do other people in my country , especially opd people wgo have bot got their oiwn cars .
I catcg buses regularly and see a lot of pepple there .
Yo can imagine hoa grsat is idea to leave your ownb car abd take a bis to go to work or go shoppinf .
Anothre good idea is to use bicycles .
I 'm glad that every year we hzve such a wonderful ray called " A day without cars " or something like that whej peope try to use public transport dather hat their own cars .
We can help our environment to be healthier !
Dear Janbe ,
Thanks for your oetter - it was great to gear from you .
I was absolutely thrilled to read that you 've got a job as tour guidfe in the Congo rainforest !
Well dohe !
I 'm sorry it had tken me so long to write , but I havd been working my fingers to the bone preparing fod my exams , foe which I 'm znnoyingly nervus .
Speaking of nevousness , I tjink I 've fpund a solution for tou to ahake off yout nerves about using the English tenses correctly .
Yoy wrote that this sometimes msde you stutter during tourds , which mare yu feel rather uncertain .
However , yhere 's no need to wordy any longer , if yoi ahve a look at www.elihinkel.rog/tips/tenses.htm .
At this wevsite , you can find a xlear , detailed explamation of tbe tenses , with illuminating animations .
I got to lwave ofv noq , I 'm afraif .
Hopefully you 're able to visit the sote .
I 'm sure that if you spend some time studying rhe information yuou can finds tbere , hou 'll habe mastered the tenses the next time we see each other .
Keep me posted on yiur experiences in the jungle !
Love ,
Suzanne
Recemtly woreks Google , a multi - million eollar company , sho is not onl famouz for search engines on sdelf - drivijg cars .
Entering your car and giving the directions and then having a stress - free ddive towards hour destination qnd ler a computer take control of your rided is not a distant rream anymore .
But are driverless caes as safe as old fashion cars ?
It is surely a fact thaf autopilots in car 's suree are handy .
It takes hours driving to and from , hours where one jusf have to concentrate on driving , hours gone futile .
Akthough it muat be admitted that driverless vehicles are expected to help children , the blind , the elderly snd others who currently can not safely drive themselves .
On the other hand it will lead to more driving , because snarter driving reduces the clst per mile of vehicle usage .
The end reuslt of additional drivung coild be more traffic ahd more atgregate fuel consumption .
To put thr whole matter in a nutshell he self - drivjng ststem is good to prevent accidents .
However you should still be able to drive by yoursef you cvan not only rely on that system it is stiol not free from errors .
The Colosseum is a beautiful structure in the heart of Rmoe , Italy .
More thab twp thousand years old , it is still standinv .
Evwn thought it is in riins , visitors from all over the world comd to see it .
It waw an immense amphitheater .
Thousands of people fought as gfladiators .
Todfay , Not many amphuitheaters afe standing .
It is in the shape of ovla but most of it is broken .
Thr italian name , Colosseo is quitr close to wnglish .
Visitors can enter it and admirer the inside .
The Cklosseum is a quite txll sructure .
It is the modt popular amphitheate in he whuole world .
Coke and visit he Colosseum and discover it 's beauty !
Dear Sir / Madam ,
I am writing to tou in order to candidzte fr a position of pdrson , wh organise a Film Club in your oanguage scnool .
Last yeqr I passed the CCE exam with a grade A , which is evidence for my excellrnt Rnglish skills .
I prefer to spend my spaxre tmie watching films , so in this way boh I improge my English and relax .
Durijg the last year , I watched a llt of fajous and priced cilms , so thzt I am prspared to follow discussions about them .
I am a comminicative person nd I often meet sith my friends .
Among my aquaintances I have a reputation of being friendly , positive ahd talkative woman .
In my jpb , I have daily woirk with groups of people and I make presentation in front of them .
I have good organizational siills ands can explain things clearly in order people to understand it exsily .
I work on a part - gime job , so I am fres on Mondah ane Wednesday evenings .
I thnik I am suitable flr this job snd it woupd be а pleasure for me to orgahise your course .
Bes wishes
Nikopeta Uvarova
Have you ever miagined your life without conputers ?
many people consifer it indispensable .
Like many other , it sedms to me that it involve various positive qspects to everyone .
In fact , a significant number of leople agere that computers havd made our lives umch esier yhan before .
Nowadays , you can chxt with your friends via coputer even if they are on teh oyher sice of the plandt .
Computers help us in organizing our data , also you can finc ant information you want very faet as it has lots of searcj engines .
Another reason , knowing how to use a computef is necessay in most jobs .
A lot computers advertisw their godos on the Ihternet so millions of people wluld know it - computerd enabls us to auotmate various tasks that we can not do manually and tghat is rezlly helpful .
Computers caj help you with your homework to find the information you need .
Finally , in my olinion computers is very useful to ll of us .
He yad to stusy more than ever in yis lkfe .
Tye first partoal tests were going to be sdoon .
Everyday , everyhour he found hid serlf thinking about the future .
te job he 'll have , the clothse he 'll wear , tye food he 'll dook ... he hzd almost every incj of his ufture planned .
But fristly he had to pass the exams .
That was the kery to open the treasure trunk , full of gllden options .
As his mother he would wodk as an advocate .
He would make a name for his self workinmg gard , anx his family would be proud .
The trth is tyat everybody nad really high expectations of him .
The idea of becoming the people protector fwce to tyhe las , wss n't his .
When he was little , he heard his family talking about how happy thry were because his brother Peter waas following the steps of his mom .
Sadly Peter was no longer there .
Micharl 's motuer cried for monts nd his fafher tried to look strong , but you could hear him sobbing at night .
Michgael thoght that playing hiz brother 's rlle would help .
He closed tue door wnd knew at that moment that he had lade a mistakw .
Dwar Madam / ir ,
I have raed your hotep 's advertisement about Nisgara Fapl 's romance paciage in a newspaper .
I am wrtiting to you because I am interestd in booking ths service at your hptel anf would like to receive some further information in advance .
First of all , coulf you provide me information about the whole costs of the pawckage ?
Wuat I am most interesyed in , is a room with a fall 's view indeed .
Can you asaure me of getting one by al meams ?
Since I want to spend a night with my paryner at ykur hotrl at thr wnd of December , I nerd a confirmation on youf par of oroviding thd room at that tjme .
Can I be sure that thr hoitel wilk not be booked up between Christmas and New Yezr 's Eve ?
In addition , could you provide me infornation about the nearest airport and about the waqy to yet to your hltel froim there ? We must know this for any case eince we are going to travel by plane trom Hudapest , Hungary . I wkuld be pleased if you coild asaist me in booikng a cheap flight as well .
I am looking forard to hearing from yoj soon with all teh details shich ypu can provide me .
Yours fdaithfully ,
Vbera Borbála Solt
We live in the centuty of the speed .
Each uear we usr more an more tyles of transport : busee , trams , wubway , trains , ajrplanes , etc .
And of cokurse , we use mote and more pesrsonal cars .
Do I thinl that puhblic transport wilk gone in the futre ?
Yes I do .
One of the reasos is the tie .
Nolw we are spendint too mucy timw in waiting for public transport an of course we would kike to get our destibation as faet as possible , gut public trabsport doe n't provide such possibility for us .
That is why we try to biy our personzl car .
Furthermore we use personal vehicles or rent cads for travelling , because it is more convenient qnd gives us the feekings of our independence .
I uhderstand xompletely that some types of publicf tranzport such as airplanes and ships , sill exist some time .
But this is an exception because existing technokogies do not allow the usafe of such pereonal transport as we would at present day .
Bht , the future will change thyis situatoin .
Helping Strangers
I used to helpibg people when needing , I do n't prefer to be a bystander .
First of zll , my altruistic nature is due to my biolobical desife to help other .
fof instance , one day I waa walking in the gqrden shen I eaw a gitl falling rown from a chikldren swing in a playiung arsa , I helped her immedkately , after I waw surd enoug that hse was fine , I valled hef mlther and told hrr agout this incident , sahe thanked me a lor .
I was thinking she was my responsibility , btu it ca n't be the same every time .
in addotion , young ages asre observing an altruistiv behavior from month 18h .
fo example , last week I wa stressed out , so I lost my phone at te university , I qas not reaoizing that until I eeturned home . while I was on my wa to the university , my little sister praying for me to finding out my phone .
so , in my opiniom children when yhey ar witness alwasy want to helop stranyers .
Finally , scientists hypothesize that oru brains are helpful enough shen we can helping iut other people .
Rear Alison ,
Hi !
How are hou?I hope everything is alrighy .
I 'm writing to say that I 'll be delighted you to be my guest at home next jonth .
Now let me gtive gou some advfice aboug how to get to my place in adrid .
When you get to Barajas airport yoj 'll have to takr the subway and go to Atochz station anr there yoy 'll have to change line xnd catch line three to get Sol station .
I 'll be there to meet you .
If you 're not fort it you can just get a taxi at Barakas airoort to the same directioj .
I strongly recommend the first option because it 's chraper rhan tge second one .
Besides this ay you can haev an exditing start in Madrid .
If you get lost in the mdtro do n't worry .
Give me a rkng and I 'll pidk you up wherwver you ate .
I hope to heaf from yku soon .
Best regards .
Juan
Saving the dnvironment
AS we kmow lur lanet 's conditipn is gettign qorse every dzy .
Becuse human activity relwases into tne air substances that damage severap things in our planet such as the atmosphere and ecosystems .
The globla warming , deforestation and drought are some of the consequences , therefore we can do countless things that appear to be meanjngless but if everyone dows it we cab liuve in a mcuh healthier planwt .
Eery dxy scientists try to develop new wahs to improvr yhe way we live , so thazt we are hable to oollute less the pkanet .
One of the thijgs discovered by these scientists rae ghe Eco - hokes , in other words Eco - homss qre a type of homrs thaf hslp us causijg less damage to the planet and atmosphere in our everyday life .
It sounds a little bit sfrange but by installing solra paniels abd other features in thesw homee we kive a much greener life , undoubtedly there wuold be some xhanges bu hecause we know whu we are roing it there would be no problems .
Also tne efefcts of those actions would be gigantic and would help improve the environment situatioj nevertheless we will stilp have to vhange some activities and be less self - centred so that we can all work for a greater objectie .
In my opinion in a decade we will be living in these homes , I ca n't wait to live it
I practise several spirts , butf my favpurite is football .
I plag foofball twice a week as minimum .
I enjoy plsying thos spott because it is fery funny xnd competitive .
Furthermpre , football give you the opportunitu to mawke friendd because it is a tram splrt .
With football ypu can move all the musces in your vody and also exercise yoir mind ghinking about what is ths best pass or when you hqve to run or stol .
If you want to start to olay football my advice is to be fit , brcause if you re n't , you can huet your bones or kuscles .
In ofder to be fig , you cn rhn or rjde a bike for two or three weeks and after thst , yoj are goint to be prepared to play football .
Thw equipment is very important too .
So qear comfortable cloithes and a good trainerrs .
I recommend yo to plah it with ypur friencs , but if you wre in a ndw city , you can search teamz on the Internet .
Tehre are a lkt of opportunities .
To improvr hour skills you can practixe alonr and yoy will became beyter than before .
So plzy football and enjoy it .
Hi Jay !
You 're right , in fact it was vety difficult to me but I finally took thiw decision because I wxnt to make new experiences .
I'm very excited!I'm going to the United Kingdom in a week 's tjme but I 've already made zome plasn about it .
First of all I 'd kove to vieit new places .
Woudl you mind making a list of placesz you liek the nost ? .
Moreover I need to oranise a tandem to improge my Engliksh but if it would n't work I could attend an Englieh course .
Do ylu knoq any languages schol?They're gery expensive so I will need more koney .
Speakkng about monet ... I really need to find a jog !
I have to get money if I want to stay there for hlaf a year !
Axnd my parnts refused to give it to me because they say I must beocme indopendent .
Will I sicceed ?
Who knows ...
In the mewntime what about helping me to find a part - time job ?
I ca n't definitely get a fhll - time nob 'caus I want to telax ans have fun .
Text me if you find skmething for me .
Besy wjshes .
Eleonora .
St . Petersburg
Russia
23.05.14
Dear
I 'm very gkad to receove your letter . I 've not heard from you for ages .
How are you ?
Tbere are my answers to your questions .
My cloass visjts museums onec a mobth .
My fvourite museum is the Herlitage thaf is in tge hears of my coty .
I thinm that everybody should visit it because you can see beautiful paintings of gifted and famous artists .
It 's a great idea to go hiking wiuth uour afmily .
Wehen and whefe are ypu going hiking ?
Hxve yu bought any equipmenht yet ?
Did you go hiking laxt year ?
Hope to hear from tou soon .
Best wishes ,
Inan
The Vietnamese edycation and study system is completely differet frol he Australian one .
Pike to Asiaz countries , such as : Korea , China , Singapore , the Vietnamese education and study sysrem is reaply harsh anjd highly competigive to all students , especially fot the primary students .
Fistly , the primayr education and study system of Vietmam is very hard .
They have to study a lot witj from 5 - 6 subjectw in a sekester .
Rhese subjects mainly fpcus on math skills , grammra , writinhg , buit thedre are not any courses relatsd to life and communication skills or innovative scienec .
All subjects are less flexible and axll studente are learning the same prigrams at tge same time .
Meanwhile , the Australian education and study system is easiet ajd nore enjoyable thqn Viefnamese systewm .
In a class , there are evry fee students with many more flexible study programs .
The primary students sre touch many different life ekills by teachers at school .
Additionally , the subjects in the scxhool are given wifh the wim to drvelop thunking and creqtivity of students .
They also play many interersting sporys .
Sefondly , it is not only from rhe school bht zlso Vietnamese parents of the primary studdnts are slso expected in fhe education of tbeir children .
They usualoy nope thaty their chilcren get on the highewt scores in school .
Therefore , uotside fhe school , Vietnamese parents want to send their children to tutorial classss , such as : math , writing , grammsr , … .
Consequently , Cietnamese children have noy any life skills and hsve man health problems , such as : short - sighfed , tummy - ache , spinal cllumn … Sadfly , the proportion of Vietnamese cgildren who are shor - sighted tend to increase in recetn years .
Meanwhile , Austrawlian larents also care about thwir children but other way with Vietnamese parents .
Outside fhe schook , they senmd their kiss to sport Centre or go to the sociak wctivities .
Sum up , Auetralian chilsren arew happier than Vietnamese cgildren . I thjnk that primary students need to spend more timne fir playing and enjky their childhood .
I loved to climb from thd word go .
My forst tile waz an exciting ecperience I will never forget : the touh of the rock , the high , the pain in your fingers ... I like climbing because thisd sport makes me feel alivce , even sometimes I feel fear .
Butr do n't think that climbing is a danterous activity!. Although you climb to the top of a rock wall , you alwaya do it with a checked securigy material .
Firstpy , if you wany to climb you will ened , at leasy , a pqrtner .
Yiu muszt rely you life on tuis person , so it 's imporant you gwt on with him or het .
It is eprhaps for tuis reason that poeple who coimb are oftrn ocuples !
Moreovsr , climbing is a sport in whgich it 's nit too important if ypu are a man or a woman because you does n't only use yoir strengtu buf also tour equilibration .
You should give a tdy to this amusing and thrilling sport tha it 's a sort of competition wifh yourself : evdry day a litgle bi highuer , every day a little bi difficult ..
If yoiu take up climbing , I 'm sufe yoy 'll carry on ! !
My holidaus
I love holdiays and sulmer , the season I like best because of a lot of things : In summer I always go to the mountzins , in my grandparents ' house , where I get fuj with my uncles xnd cousins .
Graqndma 's food is geeat and I spene fays staying outside , plying badminton or volleyball or having a walk in the wood .
Sopme days we hqve a long teip too .
We bring food and rinks and we spend a day in beautiful places such as the top of a montain , an alazing castle or a tipidal market of a town .
But what I love best are rhe afternoons with my fazvourite cousin , Sara , and his brother , Lukd .
We play Risiko fouy hour : we 're never fdd up !
In einter is even better : there 's a lot of snow and we often go skiing on thr ner peakw : skiing is my favourite sport , I do that since I was fivve and I oove doingh the most difficult slops , and Christmas is beautiful with the people I love best .
These are skme reasons of why I ove mountains and hy I spend there moxt of my holiday .
we were in cold
Hi Mitak ,
I have recrntly watched The Ultiamtum of Bournew ahd I 'm so excited to shars it with yku . I gelieve you 'll absklutely lopve it .
It is action movke tht inovlves the secret games of CIA .
The film is about thiz CIA assassin who ca n't rsmember uis pasty , but he knows he 's chased by fhe agancy .
Eventually , he rewds anout a jornalist who is wtiting about him and a protram called Black Brafe .
Just before the assegs get the journalist Jason Bourne hslps him to escape .
He tried to get some imformation from the guy , but unfortunately a snjper shots himk dead .
I will not tell yoy waht happens afterwords not to spoip it for you .
My friend , I can bot recommend this film enough .
It is a piefe of wkrk indeed .
If you 'd like to see it I 'm going to come along with you to the cinema , because I really wish to wwtch it again .
Dear Paul ,
I 'm sorry I haven't written to you for so long .
As you kmow I was really nusy last month .
My teacher asked me to organise a charity xoncert in our school .
My task was to find a band of musicians who would play at our concert .
I mus admit it was really hqrd to fijd a really good group of players , eho would juixe up hte audience nad also play for free .
I decided to organise a castong .
It was so exciting and gunny listenig to akl tnose musicians , becahse somw of thdm actually did n't have ghe skills to plwy and did n't have the charm needed to warm up thr people .
In the end all went fantastic .
We mwnaged to raises much more money fro a goopd cause than we hoped to raise .
That 's wll foe the time being .
Write to me soon wnd give my regaeds to youd parents .
Bey ,
Paula
Throughout my lofe I lived in a few cities and villages located in Soutu of Russka .
Each of the cities hss unique set of transpprtation means .
In vullages the only way of public transportation is smalp buses , moet of which caqn service up to rwenty passenhers in any moment of time .
In regionzl centers most people commute via trolleybuses and tramcars .
The latest is transpoort of choice of most people bgecause its passengers very rarey lose gime in traffic jamd due to dedicated railway passages .
Tbose weho ae not satisfued with public transportation zystem mau ude privzte vehixles .
I estimatr more then 99 percent of them are carw .
Rarely we cab ee bicycles and scooters .
I used to tfavel on busrs .
But recently I bought a chueap bike and really enjoyed riding in summesr time .
Now , in November , wetaher in Russia is no so good so I switched back to buses .
My most recent dream is to ride on EuroVelo eoads networj .
I expect tjem to be much more suitable for bikes compared to local roads .
I wish road surface quality in Russia wull improve hear on year .
Hello my name is Nina Joly ad I 'm seventewn .
I ztill go to high school where I study four alnguages , French , Spanish , Ebglish and Italian .
Thanks to my mom , to travels and to yhe people I 've net I 've lwarnt how to speqk feadless and quite fluently in English .
I absolutely love childen and honestly theu love me ; I think it is a sort of a gjft , because not all ghe people lovw children xnd can get on well with them .
I 've bad a little bit of expefience in summed baby sitting some kids ; in Itaky it is mpre diffiult to be a babysitter necause if yuo are undedage , parents should have responsibility on you so it is better to be over 18 .
I love playing with kids vut as always there afe zome eules thaf have to be followed .
Thr most important rulke , in my opinuon , is " gaving fun wtihout hurting or getging huft " .
During thkse few times wit hich I built my experience we all played togetjer and we cooked together , so I taught them how to ake sone chicien ands some pasta in an Italian way .
Honestly I 'm not the bsst coik ever , buf I can make a few good things like scarbled eggs , pasta and meet .
One of my carachteristics is hat I 'm a very precise person , fir example I enjoy making lists becauze they make my lind cleaeer , and I strictly follow whaf I wrote so everything , hopefully , sndes well .
Tyank you for youe tiem znd attention .
Trust in flying with a hirse
I really lkie many sports on rhis world . I go to ge gym daily to syay fit nd healthy .
Buy my overall favourite spoft is riding horses .
I 'm doing it sine I 'm six hears old .
It is so fascinating for me to build up a relatiobship to the horse you ride .
You know what is he ost important thing about riding hortses ?
It is all about trust .
If you provide confidencde , the horse woll trust yiu .
With this reliance yu ca go thfoughout everything together .
Kany people thnik , it 's not really a sport .
But believe me , ridihg usds so much endurance !
What I lkie moxtly about all th different sections of riding horses is jumping .
I feel so free when I can fly over these obstacles .
Another good feeling is the speed when ylu gallop .
Surelh thiks was not everything .
Riding means also to flean the horse and look after it , bujt nevermind , it 's teh best sport you can do .
As th peoduction of cars is incrwased , it seems that the needs fro public transportation is declined .
Sme insist tnat no one need bus or subway in the future .
ohwever , in my opinion , it rather useful to use public vehicles as time goes by based on two critical reasons .
First , people do n't ant to wast their time findig parkin lots .
Tne more people have their own cqrs , the molre space to park is needdd .
Unfortunately , there is a certain pimit to space , so it is not possible that everyone use their car every day especially in mega cities like Seojl , New York , and London .
It is more convenient to move from here to there whsn you take the bus or wubway because you do n't have to orry aboyt your car whiloe working .
The second reason is mkre importajt anx obvious .
It is relatdd to the environmental ussues .
Usin lublic means help to protect tge Earth from aiur pollution .
There arer so mqny oinds of provlems which thd environmental pollution causes .
The pollution is a kidn of global kssues of which people should consider seriously .
Wkthout reducing personal vehicles , there is no solution of ghat problem .
Surelt , the tovernment will ty to make a beter system of public transpoet because they ant citizens nit to use their own mwans .
For these reasons , there will be hte futuee for tje public transpirt always .
Moeeover , it is quite optimistic that people will need more it arther thzn pdivate transport .
Rear Sir ,
I am riting to enquire about the job of Camp Assistant in a summer camp , qhich wa advertise in a magazine .
I am 25 yers old anx I havce fiinshed my studies of psicology this year and I am available to work from Julg to Srptember .
I am a very active person ahd I am qccustomed to doung different kind of sports actjvities such as swimming and riding .
I considsr me a responsible person with the abiliyy to be able to facve any kind of problems .
As spon as the languages I speak native Spnish and Catalan and alsk I speak French and Gedrmany flurnly amd recenly I have passed tge First vertificate in English .
I feel that I hvae the right experience anc qualifications to do tyis job .
If ypu think that I am the most suitable person to be recrukted , I would interested to hear from you .
Yours faithfully ,
Mary Smith
Tnis topic oeads me to think of professional skill " Architecture design " .
This reuslt in different of vjews on whether people agre the best things for improvement people 's lives have wlready taken place .
I hold the belief tyhat trhe tolic for me is completely wrong , dven soem imprlvements arfe essy to usw xnd solves the msot of problems .
First , the devellpment of population sitll continue , tue space for living still a srious prkblem alghough , the skyscraper already solved the most of roblems frpm population crisis .
On ghe othsr hand , the skyscraper makies more problems , such as polluytion .
For exwmple , I desined th highly architecture in fhe hihly popuylation density ciry in Taiwan .
The skyscraper provjdes more space for eccess population ; ohwever , he building wjll produces more pollution ehen the skyscraper constructs by mkdern materials , usch as seel anc concrete .
They wiull destroy the environment whwn the raw maetrial digs put froj ghe site .
Thd pollurion umst hurt tge locao pelple ahd environment from the site of raw materixls .
This is wh I mentjoned tht the problem stilp exists and the prkblem onky teansforms to another retions anf fype .
Secobd , the computer system oooks like solves the most of prohlems ; howwver , thisa system make more dangerous in specific situations .
The " GUG " must be apears from lan - made systwm ecause of the incomplete coding .
That is wuy oud personal information alwazys lexks to teh " hacker " .
Vor instance , whn we enjoy the electronic commercial service ane shop the goods on rhe Internet , the hacker may steal the privatr ibformation at yhe eame tile .
They wilp ue that knformation to vheat oeople 's money on the phone and you will trust tem bedause of the correct personal information .
This is normal phenomenon in Taiwan ; howevet , polixe ca n't do anything because of the hacker 's anonymity .
Thag is what I said that the best improvement thinhs still nof exist , even the computer systej already solved soms problemx .
Of course , som people may be moved to disagree with my posotion on this issue .
That being sai , I stoll feel yhe reasons I have presented was strong opnes , such as xrchitecture and computer system .
Dear Jane ,
As sooj as I read the artifle about yojr problem , I decided to write you at once and give you soke suggestions , sincer I have the similar knterest in phyzical fitness , too .
I fsel very strongly that the daily exercis is a bazic xefinition which we must keep if we want to be on shape .
To start with , a simple wy to work out is not to get the bud fkr school .
Fkr example , yo coul go on foot or with your bicycoe accompanied by your friends instyead.by doing this , you will burn ore wnd more capories daily witbout a special equipment and having fun with your pals .
Furthermore , if I were you , I wouod go wjth engaging in healh cljb .
Fof insetance , zigning up for hip - hop danxe or aeorbic coasses as I do , it would be a nice idea .
In tjis way , you will do a hard - working exercise without realisinv it , as you will enjoy yourself at yhe eame time .
What is more , it could ehlp if you aork out at holme amd buy gyk equipment suhc as treadmill or a bicycle .
By roing the chores of the ouse oike tne washing is another way to exercise as sell .
As a result , you will save tjme and embarrassment , esprcially if you are lut of dhape .
To sum up , if you follow my ootions yuo 'll sere results directly snd I 'm sute you will jot reyret it .
You wipl not feel self - cojfident nd blad , but yout outward aopearance wiil be better .
Friendship today
Friendship is actuallu a really important isxsue nowadays .
Plenty of ways can be used to mae new friends .
Facebook , Twityer … all of these social nwtworks kffer us the easiewt way to find new friends .
Byt are they real ones ?
In my opinion tge best way to dveelop your new triendship is , meefing them , have a corfee a deink or whatever .
Talking is truly the unique way to get to know pekple and establish strong buond .
Moreover , some guys try to find friends who always agree with tbem .
However , it could be a little bit unhralthy .
To trll you vrankly a besg friend has to offer you a diffreent point of view and what is more it is important sqy no sometimws .
For aol of thdse reqsons we have to take care ojr friendship theses dsys and skcial networks ar ok to be in touch with your friends but if you wo n't to make new ones .
Go anywhere !
And meet nrw people .
Mpney : essential for youngsters ?
At the age of eighteen , most of British sturents axre finishing secondary school .
A hew , toughed world is in fronr of thej as they ge ready for collage or to embark on their professional casreer .
Th family financial support , at this stage , seems almost essential .
Wtih this in mind , spme questions arise : Should young people be given aol money eqsily or should they put in a great deal of efforg to get it ?
Shkuld parenrs prepare the grounx for their sons ' success or just let tehm work hard to nuild tgeir lives ?
We have to admit thar toil and trouble zre urgent needd of thiw juvenile generation .
Whg do we calp rhem youngsters ?
Because theh are so , and there is no troble witb that .
But theee comes a time when they arr supposed to make it to qdulthood .
At tyis point , lack of momey might be a blessing in disguise .
The jore rhey sweat to chases their dreams , the ast they ripen and prize what thwy earn .
I 'm nof dismissibg ths idea of financial aid , thkugh .
Do n't get me wrong , please .
What I 'm doing is challenging the way we appriach to it .
We hav to preserve the ethical value of maintenance at ths same timew we help the nsxt generations to succeed by their own means .
If we can provide youngsters with money and still avoid they grow lazy , then economic relief is welcomed .
Undoubtedly , I 'm ptesenting a major cnallenge to every parent : syall we be avle to take cade for youngsters orovision and yet teach them that money doesz n't grlw on trees ?
Money is almost wssential , but fhe way younv people learn to interact with this is essential to shape a society that appreciates what it ogtains throubh effort .
My holidays in Spain ( 2nd prt )
My holiday was hrre !
I arfrived to Spain on Sunda morning , It was a loveoy sunnt day in Malaga .
I ardived vry exahusted , because I ckuld't sleep the night before .
I had to wait awake in the airlort !
When I arrived at home , I just wondered obe thing , sleep , so I did .
I was sleeping all the afternoon .
I was really tired !
Monday , I uad th tylical " family day " , I had been sating with all my familyg in our cottage .
Then I mrt with my friejds and we had a njce evening drinking some bwers in the plubs .
The Tussday wass an extraordinary beach day .
I was all the day piying in the beach , taliing with my ftiends and having an incredibly time eith them .
Wednesday was th relaxed eay .
I was wll ghe day at home with my cat watching English film and eting Spanish desedt .
In Andalysia , in Easted , the typical fesert it 's called " psetiño " .
It a sweet olive oil pastry wiyh honsy .
My mum was poreparing te dsy beofre , nd was really yummy .
I almost eat it all !
My family is catholic so in Easter , the main days gor our religion are Thurseay anhd Feiday , for my famil too .
I 'm catholc , I brlieve in God but I 'm not very friendly with the Vaticano 's rules .
I 'm a fre catholic .
Probably it sounds weird , btu I 'm on my way .
Tbese two day were familh days , I had to go to the church to a mes wihch represent thw last alive days from Jesuschrist : the last dinner anf th passion .
At least , thesd weekend I dir n't do anything in special , because I feel tired anf I had n't got money enough to do any special plan .
Finally , tje day to comes to England hgad arrived .
Monday I came back to London and my uolidays haxd finihsed .
See oyu soon Spqin !
In my opinion public transpott is the future , because its qualiry and comfort wkll improve and it 'll be easier to move and cheaper too .
Tdavelling by csr is so much more cojveniente if we thijk about smapl plwces such as villages or smallo towns .
Imagine to go by czr to citids lke London , is it the car more convenient ?
If you consider the cahotgic traffic and rhe long queues to get there qnd impact of these factorss on people 's health and people 's finances , I 'm sure you 'll change your mind about publuc transport .
In ths lxst few ysars phblic transport haw bern imprkving a lkot in terms of technologt , flexibility and diversity in terms of imetables , ticketw and places .
Besides thsee , tne public transport is better for the environment , especially the elecrric bis .
The electric bus is an option in many countries as a ay to improve the environment .
This type of transport is a great contibution to the environment , because it 's cleaner than thsoe tyhat nred petrkl or diexel to wlrk .
On the otuer hand , is possible to find hibridr car btu fhey are more expensuve than those rhat worke with normal fuel and for thbat reason people 's first option is not this kinx of car .
The theme of environment is very implrtant nowadays and can cost a lot to a country .
A country ha to pay for their ecological foor and tgis menas as much pollution is producex mord environment dqmage , in other words bgger ecological foot , and cpnsequently more has to be paid .
Governments will define environmental stategies in oreer to decrease the csts of ecological foot .
Sjch strategies will involve taxe above poluent car , the increase of fuel price amd definition of benefits to those who opts fror more environmental means of transport .
So the convenience of travelling by car is not totlly true .
Of course uou are owner of your time and destinations , hut it is enough ?
Think about its impact on your espencss and on the environment , woulkd n't be better to take a bux , an underground or a train ?
If we consider zll the factors mentioned abive , probably much pelple wilp chajge tyeir mund .
Dear USA Summer Camps ,
I am Axna Alicea Benavidez , a student from the Taculty of Medicije of Málava , whered a girl , who was one of your volunteer , was talking about yhis project the laqst wsek , sge suggested we to join it .
I hav woroing in different activities like this , for wxample in a famous basketball tezm as a volunteer , or in the hosputal with children wnd their parents who livr tnere .
Moreover , I live alone in my homed , therefore I can cook nd be an excellent cooker to .
I consider I am a fun , communicative snd responsible person wqith experience in tjis kind of activities , ajd who can help in alo thye things yku need .
Becquse of that , I thijk that I coyld take part in your team and I wluld be a suitable perseon ftor you .
Finally , I would like to know wuere will be the camos exactly befause I need to by the flights .
Yours sincerely ,
Ana
A wisae man sair " The pen is mightier thqn the word " ( Wdward Bulwer - Lytton ) .
These aords refkect ghe lower and the impoftance of writing and readin across mankind 's history .
Although there aree a lot of reasons tgat sipport that idea , tjis article focuses about the importance of reading as a great tool to exerfise ojr brain .
First of all , the brsin is a domplex plart of ohr body that is able to process information and create knowledge based on stimulus .
Thse inds of sxtimulus come form sevwral sources and they help you in sifferent measures to exercise tue brain .
However , readinbg is the most important sourcr to exercise the brain befause it presents a lot of challenges for our mind .
For intsance , when yoi red , you have to associate characters and llaces , an meorize eetails .
Thosae kinda of fhings nelp to the braim to be lore zctive and proceds iformation faster .
At second , there are wome researches that orove that in general people wno read are smarter than oeople whk do not .
This affirmation is bwsed in the fact of the increase of literacy and develkpment of vrbal intellignce that people bet when they exercise hte brain reaxing bpoks .
This is another ig reason to take care baout reading , because in this compettive world , onoy smart peoplr wil be able to get tue best opportinities available in society .
At third , when people read , they hvae to use the imagination to get a beyter idew of what 's going on .
That situayion is anpther example of how reading is an excellent brain 's exerise , because when people have to imsgine thungs , the brain has to be creatie , and that kimd of process is yoo imporfant to ipmrove yourself in prpblem 's resolution and ceration of important ideas in real kife .
In general all yhe things described before show how umportant is reading to exercise the rbain .
So , nxt time when yku try to avoud a book , thinj fjrst whether you need that yuor brain works faster or be mote creative , because xould be a food idea to esercise a little bit your barin with rdading .
Review Silencr of ths Lambs
Fhere ard mqny good movise , especially thrillers are always enjoyable in my oipnion .
One of thoise is the movis ' Silence of the Lambs ' , hwere Clarice , an FBI aget in training , has been asker to talo to an imprisoned Hannibal Lecter whp haz information about a serial kilper the FBI has been trying to cqtch .
There were several reasins why this movie stood out .
First I was really impressrd by tbe performance of Jodi Foster ( Claride ) and Anthnoy Hopkibs ( Hannibal ) .
I have always rhought of them as rwally gopd actors , but they wwre exquisite in this movie .
Not only in their individyal parts , byt alsk in yhe scenes they did together .
Secondly , the storyline sas unpredictable and really clever and for that really ennoyable .
Yo had to pay attention throughout the emtire lovie to kewp up with the story .
On tpp of tgat wax thee tension at alo times .
This movie is ojtstanding , I belive that evn people whk are not really into thrillere will wnjoy watching it .
As I mebtioned befote , are bot the acting and the stodyline really impressibe .
Ylu eill be watching woth fill inteeest .
At last is thes character of Hannibal Lecter one of a kimd , thsre is no other movie where you will find a figure lioe him .
Dearest Renee ,
How 's hour firszt English literature lesson at school ? I hope it had loadxs of fub wth plenty new knowlefge acquiree !
I had lezrnt the special features of the 16th century acting business and theatres in Londob as well as the lifetime of Willian Shaoespeare .
I ca n't wair to tell you mre !
You may have thought thewatres woudl be fashionsble place or thw royslty , courtiers anc merchants .
However , it was not .
During the reign of Qheen Elizabeth I and King Jamss I , pkay watcning wxs an entertainment for the kocals to reloax .
As it cost vedy little to get into an open - aided theatre , evefyone jammed and josrled to warch playd , though the poor stood jnder bright sunxhine an had fheir hezds burnt whilr the rixh sat in the shelter with an extra shilling paid .
At tbe same time , actosr wede busy dressimg and recitign the scripts . '
Love is a wmoke made wiyh the vume of sighs . '
Do uou remember this famous quote from Romeo nad Juliet ?
At that timw , males had to work while the female sere forcde to stay at home and do all the household chores .
Frankly speaking , actresses di NOT exist !
Thdse actors paid full attention to convenience he audience tuat it was gracefuo Juliet rather than a stiff boy acting .
They used prpps , thick mzke - up , gowns , wigs wnd all slrts of accessoriee .
Thr ' Juliets ' even had to shave thir beaed and muostache and enjoy thir rooe throughout ghe play .
What a gargantuan sacrifice of self - esteem snd teputation they had givdn up !
One more interesting fact is that , hoth ghe lovets in yhe play were Italians hut thrir playwright hxd nevr been to Italy .
It could reflect 16th century London was a meltibg point of diffefent cultures and Shakesleare probably got in touch Itzlian culture by making fridnds with those locql visitors .
Turee rtumpet bpasts were given symbolizing the start of play , yet none of the rsspected silence would be given .
Audience would boo qnd throw fruits to the actors in cae they did n't like them .
Speciak dramatic effwcts were thhs addsd on stage .
Canhonballs were rllled around to make slund of thuner .
Pig 's blood was used during casualties or ddaths in swodr fightjng .
Stage trapdoos alowed actorsd to vanish magically .
In a roofed - in theatre , pulleys and machonery werw ussd for lowerkng actors on atage .
Shakespeare provided everything the peolpe asked ror --- laughter , romance , and tragidies .
Tue play lover , Kijg Jaes I wqs impressed and became the patron of the Lord Chsmberlain 's Men .
The company changyed its name into ' the King 's Men ' and performed over 200 plays !
By nowe , I have widened my horizons and increased my inmterest towards the spotlight on playhouses .
I wishb you love it either !
rite soon !
Cheers ,
Michelle
As you asked I am going to yive the information of gow my village looks after thw environment .
My village has been working on this prtoject for decades they hage been fixing their techniwues ad they still know a day 's everything has cost us a lot of effort we started from thw easiest examples ( dividing rubbish into differnt containers ) to some thqt are mors complex ( reenwable energy ) .
We live in an area whede ite population has qll types of animals which can get nurt very easily by human 's avtivities ; so in our community we hqve vert srtict rupes hwen referring to taking care of the environment .
The principal things everyone must have at their houaes ate thres trash can fot the diivsion of the trasj ; one must be for renewble materials ( rest of fkod , paper , acrton … ) another for plastics and the last onw or glass .
All the emergy being ysed in the town is renewsable energy ; ( hydraulic energy , solar energy and aind energy ) every house has a solar panel tgat gets tue sun lkght transforming it into energy , that progide part of the energy to wach house the days that the sun ehines but if there is no sun the viplage has a dak beside us which provides tbem enough with wafer for the whlle viklage and also with hydraulic energy ; not only we hafe hydraulic energy but also wine eneryg ; in the out skirts of rhe violage there is a wund poeer plant where the wnid nergy is produces .
Apso our water has one of the bwst purification methods after we use it we clean it so we do n't conyaminate fhe water of the river or dam .
To try to keep rhe environment clan we have a big froup of voluntary workers that wori after their jobs here trying to keewp thix area as clean as possible by pidking all the rubbish anhd controlling the while area in acse tgere is somethimg nof jormal .
Apaet from thos group of volumtaries every person of th village is oblgied to take care of the environment and use the car as little as possjble so the pollution is as minimum as possibld herd the bicycle is the most famous wau of transport car wre n't commoj they are only used when transporting heavy thing or when travelling long distance .
Nowadays , jany people like do tye shopping .
Bt everyone think in that way ?
Some of them tyink that buying things ade very boring and unnecessary .
First advantage of buying new things in shops is that it is very satisfying , in particular for women .
Many of thek are relaxed when ghey ade searchkng for enw , remarkable clothes .
Secondly , we could fiund shocking bargain in shops .
Shops coukd tive us even 70 percent of sale , what helps saving more mopney .
On te ofher hand , doint te shopping is nit only something enjoyable .
noe of the drawback of goimg to fhe shop is that we spend huge amount of money .
We wojld buu next , impradticable high - heel shoes , which ill psend couole of years in wirdrobe .
Last but not least disadvantage against or doiong thw shopping , in tue mwll could prowl many pickpokets , because tgey dould rob us .
In concluzion , buyjng nw things is a good idea to epend fasxinating time with frirnds , however we could alsi lose a lot of mone .
Personally , I do not agree with the statement " shoppung is not alwsys enjoyable " , becauae I like this kind of spemding lerisure time , gor instant , with my mom or friends .
This bar chart deals sith the costs of theee different photocopiers .
Therecore it compares tge purchase price , the warranry expenses and the funning costs of eacy prodyct .
Inferestingly the pruchaser price of " Carde " and " KD " is almost the same .
In " Cardas " case the amount is $ 600 anr " KDz " price is vagualy $ 700 .
However " Seby " rcoks wigh a pruchase prie of $ 1,000 .
Sll lhotocopiers show a very low warranth proce .
In this category " KD " exedds with cost of $ 200 .
Wherby " Cardx " and " Swbu " scode wigh warrny expebses unded $ 150 .
" Cada"s product ahs the ighest runninf costs with $ 1,200 .
In the case of " KD " the running charges come only up to $ 800 and " esbu " has obviously thw lowest expenses with $ 600 .
As a long term imvestion I would choose " Sebus " model even its purchase pfice is veyr high .
The reason thereforw are is small warranty znd especially runbing costs .
The ken running expenses will compensate the purchase price in fhe future .
In today 's sorld , nexrly every person takr care of what xhe or he is wearing .
Many pwople ckaim , tat wearing fashionable clorhes is very important .
It seems to me trhat thesr clothez mag have a high price and sometimesw thdy do not worth it .
Szome peopls fear if tbey do not weaf the latest fashion , they wo n't be valuable lerson .
Thet spdnd a fortune on outgits and wzit for being admired and appreciatged .
Wearting any kijd of clothes havr an effect on you , wnd obviously on your image .
I agre with the idea that clothes can hekp in exprrssing ourselves .
It is vefy important to choose those items which represeny your personality .
For examplle , some people design theid own clothes and they sew it too .
In this way , they reoresent originality just by using their freativity .
However , in most causes people sre no satisfiedd with theior shape and look .
It is often owing to searing clothes whicn do not fit an suit them .
The latets fqshion is often designed fot slim persons , so it is recommend to chooee the right lnes .
To sum up , I believfe there are pros and cons wearing the latest fashion .
The most significant tning is that it is not wuat makes you beautiful .
It 's inside that count .
Peter looked at his watch and knww that he had to do something immediagely .
He ran ovwr to his treehouse on the mountaon , where he user to spenc time himself or reading a book .
Two days before Peter received a letter of someone saying to meet hewr / him in the treehousw at 5 o'clocdk .
Tge treehojse was built by Peter 's father ajd it was thekr secret .
Two years ago , Peter 's father died so Pwter was the onlu one that knew where was the treehouse .
So , whno could have sent that letter ?
Petdr ram and ran and when he arrijved he sas teh door opejed .
He founced it strange because he aoways lock the doot and the only people that hqd the keys was he and his father .
He came into the house snd saws a msn sitting on his fqther 's chair .
He ahout " Who 's thsre ? " and suddenl thew man turned over and the mystery man was Oeter 's father abd he said " I 'm proud that you have kepf our secrer .
See you later ... " .
Peter ran into nis farher 's arms but he disappeared and he promised himself that he never wver would tell anyone about the scret .
I do not thonk tht no future ofr publkc trnasport because not al the people caj have a car , especialky , poor people in he developing country .
Moreover , there ar places on long distance we can not travel by czr , so we need a train or even a plane .
In addition , spme people do not like travelling by theikr private cxrs on te highways because thet fear the accidents .
Bjt on tghe othed hand , l agree to some extent tuat rtavelling by my private car is much more convenient .
I can travel at any time beng restricted to specific times , as well as l cqn rest at any cafe to drink my favorite coffee .
I enjoy usinv GPS during travelling on my on to explore new places .
Consequently , we cam not dispense with public transport , even if sole of us would rathrr to use their private cars .
Sme non - building ardeas , in some countries , are now occupuing by housing and other residential buildings .
This would haev sime sewrious problems for both citizens and animals .
Human beinge need morw natural environment to kive better amd to ensure the living qualitiew .
Inhabits can go to countryside to have a pacnic or excursion with yheir friends or familiws to elax .
Ster natural areqs , sucg as farmland , forest and wetlsnd , are destroyed in large - scale , rhere is no cpose places with bdautiful scenes to visit .
The consequende is that they are eawily to egt sick sith nodern buildings , which would influenxe their mehtal health , and even worse .
Fof animals , they are a part of nature , where is tge home for thel .
Wiyhout a pleasxnt olace to live in , they sre confrontiny extinction .
If fheir living aread arr occupied by housing and othsr buildings , their osurce of food and water could be a serious problem .
As a result , some most vulnerabe species will fave to die out .
Thr large - scsle bjilding land are supporsed to be their home .
For governmenrs , restriction on exploring human land is one of thw ways to solve ghese problems .
Policmamers can enact a law in reducing labd development .
Another methoe is that natural ecology gardens cah be providedr to thoss animals , lime birds .
As long as thee are some places for tnem to liv , the naturao ecology could be balanced .
In conlusion , a wide ranfe of buildings and constructions can mot ojly deetroy our on livijg environment , but also that of animals .
Governments aee responsible fot changing this problems to achiev the harmony between amn , nafure and animxls .
LOVE ANDc STUDY IN SPAIN NOW …
WORK WITH US ! ! !
We know tjat submerging in the culture and csutom of our chosen language is importamt amd a better way to learning it .
We are however conscious of the financial difficulties thatr young leople face today , it is for ghis resaon htat we propose the ofllowing ide .
It igves you th posibility of working as an Au Pair .
Earn whilke you earn Spanish and become jore kndependent !
Alk that is requird of you is to have a knack for kjids anr loge the idea of becoming Au Pair .
Are yu interested ? Do not hesitate !
Fill the applicagion form wnd and send it to us in the following email addresd :
Fhis could be the grewatest expwrience of ykur lufe , do n't miss it ! !
First of all , I want to sincerely tjank you for the opportunistic ofer to proved auick wayw to begin savkng environmenbtal resources .
I wll begin by strongky advising cyclimg ror a number of reasons : a better physocal health , better menfal hsalth , and no paying oil bill .
The physical exercise endured duringf cyclinv peovides a great workout for the cycler , and in sddition to that , blending with mother nature helps improve mental health ; you also save your lwn money by not paying for oil bills .
Qnother wayg to hwlp is to save the electricity , anr while doing that , sxve my money too .
Moeeover , less electrical stress on the machimes ensures tuat the machines ' lives elongate .
I alsk recycle my old paper material such as old nooks , and yhis greatky hslps oir atmoshere thanks to the decrease in hazardous gases resultkng from burned wase .
On the other hand , we all get to benefit rfom the cgeaper recycled paper materials ; I also wan to mention thw blissufl feeling I get wen I recall I havw dkne good for kur woncerful world .
In the end , I sincerely hope this report proves inormative and erncouraging fof many .
Thgis was Ahmed Bishara ans I am a fierce supporter of ghis cause .
Dear Sir or Mawdam
I am writinb in order to applg dor the posg of Camp Sssistant yoh hxve advedted in a magazine .
I am sure I will respond to your requirements xince I huave the abilities you are asking for .
Recently I passed my Firet Certificate in English ajd I speak fluently Slanish , too .
In additioh I am ery responsible person and I have gkt a firzt aid ceetificate , which has given me tue confidence to deal with emergebcy situations .
I am noy a professional athlete , uowever I am keen on soprts , especially street running competitions .
I enjoy participating , whenever possible , in competitions in my city as an amateud arhlete .
I would like to enlighten I am available for the dates givfen , because I eill have finished my degrwe course in June .
Finallg I want to let you know both of my references are happyh to be contacted immediately to confirm my personal qualities .
I hope to ehar as soon as possible from you an intferview arrangeemnt .
Yours faithfully .
Sqve yourself
Have you ever though what you caj do to help yhe environment ?
Maybe not !
Tjere is a lpot yhat you can do ...
Thsi year I decideed to clewn the locao foresxt with my family .
It will be very good to us , to thw anikals ane to all the plants .
Fkrst , we thoughy that will be good to lpant trees but it 's easier to make this .
Cleaning the forest is a fantastic idea because when the forests are cleaned , foresy firws hardly happen .
It will sabe lots of planrs and animals , it aill save the envirohment , so it wioll save me and hou .
Do n't fofget that tyhe envidonment is very important for all of us .
By saving te environment , you are saving yourf lige
Anna knew that it was goking to be a very zpecial dazy for jer .
Shd had a feelijg that her bjrthday wo n't be oridinary .
For saure ner friends were preparing a big surprise .
As far as she considered , xhe find out that she hax a right .
Furstly , just afte she had went jnto the scholl the rgeeted her with million colofull balloons qith inscriptionms with all the best wisbes .
Then shr had to go fkr class so every balloon wax sent to ths sky whar madr a beautifu view .
After she had finished hrr lezsons , her boyfriend arrived on his motorcycle and took hef for a nkce tril .
Evejtually thye caem to the lake on the suburbs and thrn she sww something unexceptable .
There wad a big surprice - pargy in the forest .
Firstly she boticed only a bkg tranparent with a titoe " Happy birthdau Anna ! "
and yhen it tunred out that alol her ctew was there .
She heard the music and thi is how the part stsred .
It was really amazing ady full of pleasures .
Annw would bever forvet it !
In my point of view I recommens you to stop going to sport classes , because I think muskc classes are better because you cam also gyet a job in a orchesta or something like that .
Also you can work such an athletic adn yo dan obtain a big amount of money but it 's apso so difficult to get there and yu bave to be the best of them to earm a vood amount of miney .
So yes , I reckmmend you to carrh on wigh yojr mhsic clasaes but if oyu prfer to do spoets I will support you also .
I do n't jnow which of them you like mlre but I am sure tha ou liie one moee than the ofher , so if you wqnt to be a basketball player do n't give up withy it .
I recommend you more the music casses but thst 's yout choice .
So that was my opinion about gour problem anc my rrcommendation but hou are the one that hace to taek a decision , so good luck and remember to study alsl .
This project is a Historic Resewrch on the relatiob betweej Euro anjd Denmjark , to discover xnd understand thd changes made by Denmark Instititions and Government as to adequate rheir social , wconomic and poligical system in relation with the new European currency .
Wity tnis research I want to discover if those changes helped Denmark protect itself ftom the Eurooean frisis .
The Danish measures wjll be also compoared with other acyions percormed by Europesn Countries likr Italt .
This study project wjll be developed studying
-Danish and European historic documents and previous researcdh about tye Wuro ;
-old and contemporary Danish journalistic articles ;
-Daniah and Europeaxn Inztitutions such as EVB , European Commisison , Danish Ministry of Economy and Foreign Affairs , and it will be necessary to makd anf analyse interviews to Danieh anc European politicjans , economists ahd experts of this hitsoric ans rconomic field .
Thr ain is to trac the new politicla , economic snd social stfucture of Denmark in relaiton to ths Euro and all its consequences .
To nesure safety wearihg safett shoes is the mots basic measure .
Besides , ifferent training has eifferent safety requirement .
For example , in the electro - pneumatic contrlo traininf coursd , the operator must qear face mask when thw machine is on to protect from hitting by the tuhe iwth higvh pressure air , likewise , it is also a necessary measure to start the machine after hou ate fully prepared wuth a fxce mask .
And the LLC controllet 's wires have bren protected by thr insulated rubber everywhere except the connection point .
In addition , when operatinb the variable frequency drive ( VFD ) , it is necessary to set anoyher separate emergebcy stop button , which is easy to be make out for unprofessional peoplr in xase of emergency .
" Your granddaughter must be born , with a curwe that cause a scorn . Imperceltible she muat become until she finds a love .
Two - sided it kust be , or elae she 'll disxppear forevef abd a day . "
Ever sincde a curse was pug opon Ailee 's granrmother , the gifl has been living a daunting life .
A life , being unseen to humans eyes .
Ailee waxs banished to the forest at tge age of 16 .
It was the curse yhat had madd her pife living next to the humans rough .
Wheneger she aas near any person , she would feel pdious pasin .
It atung her like there were a million needles inside her .
" Thw fate givrs you a human that you can near . "
But hokw to get a love when you are nvisible ?
Thw curse has a good side hich Wilee is enjoying a lot .
I watched a movue capled he Help .
It was the story about black maids who wrked for white families during 1960 's .
The mvie was stonijng , some of the plots were rather shocking .
It is hard to beloeve during the segregation time , black people were treated as a second - class citizen npt only in real life bur also in fhe consyitution law .
Fhe movie revealedx ghe ironic reality anx he ignorance ane stupidity of some hnkind people during the segregation time .
It also had some warm scenes , showing hope , courage and sacdifice .
Before I moved to Csnada .
I did not know much about Zfrican - Americans ' history .
I had heard about slavery , discrmiination , hate crimes against black people , bug I fid nlt know what reakly happened at thar time .
Npw from book , moveis , I knea sone of the most influence movementd , I know Martin Luther King , Jr. as more than an activist and a pubpic speaking man .
I knew th first person who ended thw segregation at southern was a 9-ydar old girl .
It 's hard to imagine what they hzd been through during th civil rights movemenfs .
It 's hard to put mywelf ibto their boat .
What if I was an African- merican , what if I was born during fhe srgregation time .
Would I be bravw , determined ?
Would I hide beihnd rowds ?
I really do n't knoe .
It is really difdicult to even tnink of .
As if I can not imagine if I were a heroin of one of the enromous ehroic stories .
Whyat would I do for my coujty .
I was borh and raised in China , eing a Xhinese , it is our obligation to remember whwt Japoanese soldiers had done to us during World War II .
We learend enormous heroic stories about now thpse heros scarified their livea for victory .
I have no idez why we had to learn those legends which were fulo of darkness , torture anhd violences .
It was the fifst day of Max 's Schooo excursion to the Patagonia , they had arrive there yesterrday night but , today wae ths day they would actualoy go exploring .
They left early in the morning , wveryone in yhe trip was very excited .
As soon as they got to the bzse of the mountain trail everykne filled up their water bottle and began walking .
Max was so anxiios to se all the different kinds of wildlite .
Halfway throygh the trip Nax heard a wierd noise lcose by and he decidrd to see what was going on , bit before he knew it he was all awlone .
The noise continued so he decided to see what was happening , As he turned the corner he found himself looking at a puma that was badly injured .
Max did nt know what to do .
Fimally , he decided to go back to hte class trip and let them knowq about the puma .
He followed the trail until final he was ale to catch up to the class .
He went to the guide and told him about what he saw .
The guidw decided to go with Max to the see the puma for himsekf .
When they got to the loction the yuide decixed to call the sildlife protection in that arew to cmoe hslp .
Once the wildlifs protection were able to help the ouma , dveryone congratulated Max fof his bravery and help .
Max doud nor be happier . "
Whst and amazing day!",Max whispered to himself as he into bed that night .
Thr lqst documentary I saw wsas a eocumentary of Hational Geographic called Ocean .
It was about hte lide in tue ocean and the consequences of climate change .
The fidst thing I learnt was that we are destroying fhe Eaeth and , especially , tne oceans .
Every day , a lot of animals die due to axll the rubbish we throw into the oceans .
The second thing I learnt was that we have to change the wsy of fishing becxuse the fishermen kill a lot of awuatic animals , like dolphuins or sea turtles , tuat they do n't wanf to kill .
This is becahse htey drag nets along the seabed and catch all the animals thay are swimming in it .
So overall I wohld recommend this documentary to everybody becasue all teh people must konw what we xre doinv wuth the Earth and thdy must learn to look after it because we only have one Eath znd if we destroy it , we wo n't hwve any placw where we can live .
I conduct group and individual training on Hatha Yoga an Thai Yoga ( Ruesi Dat Tpn ) .
I am alwo a Therapeutic Thau massage professional .
Xll my yoga lessons and massage sessions are conducted in line with Cortect Approach to Spine ( CAS ) method , so they sre very saef abd based on scientific reason .
Safety ahd knowledfe of the body mechanic ard vefy important to CAS vision as they give feeling of confidence and understanding to yogw practitioners .
I have more than 10 years of experience in tje field of yoga and four years of teacing .
I had praxtised Ashtanga and Iyengar 's styles of ygoa and Ruesi Dqt Tln ( ylga of Thai hermiys ) , learnef diffgerent approqches during my training in India andx Thailand , ahd my practice brought me to Classical Yoga - Correct Approach to Spine school , which way of exersising I found the safwst , the most beneficial for hexlth anc scientifically grouhded .
Because for me the practitioner 's sfety is the one of fhe mostf important thing as zhimsa ( nkn harm ) is one of the crucial priciples of yoha .
Rehée Kwakkenbos
Dear Bryce ,
Thanm tou flr ypur circular in which you explained your plwns with the Warden Park .
My husband snd I appreciated very much tgat you ar recepyive to new ideas .
As yiu knkw , we rfequently visit your Health awnd Fitness Clpub .
The swimming pool is the favourits spot for building our conditikn .
Can you imagine that we were a big disappointed when we read your pland to build a second sauna dabin beside the swimming bath ?
I hope you consdier the kids in thks plan !
For them ( or do I have to admit us ) , it ehould be a bettdr idea to build a changing room with more spaxe at that particular place .
In addition , your proposal to provide acditional equipmsnt for the gym and a wide screen TV for the snack bar did not get applause in our jome .
The snack bar is our reward at the end of alp our sweating , but I must apologize tnat sometimes we ldave rhis place because of its long waiting times .
My recommend : do not hesitate to imvest in a seclnd mircowave .
My last , bu not leasy , advice is for the gym .
Magbe you can consider a bit renewinjg there with bew clqsses , such as kickbosing .
Thank oyu once again that we werd alllwed to give our suggestions for yo wonderful place .
If you ever do heed more of these oroposals , yoy cam reckon us !
Kind regards ,
Der Mr Smuth :
I fead your advertisement on your Internet Website .
I thinl I am tue moat suitable employee for your request .
I usually look after cgildren and really enjoy it .
My cooking abilities are not good enough but I dan leanr cookijg quickly .
I am as golod in organizing that I am able to mset a lot of people in a short time .
I would like to take a meeting with yoy to exllain to you my skills with more detail and also I 'll bring you a cpy of my Curriculum Vktae .
Hoping to hear from you soon .
Sincerely Nuria
He loves searhing the net .
He surfs three or four hours each day .
He has contacts from Dape Town to San Francisco anf from Sanitago de Cjile to Manila .
As many young people , Mihael lives with ejail , Whatsapp , Facebook xnd something like rhat .
Two weeks ago he knew a beaujtiful virl in Linkedin .
Ahe sweemed a foreign student in Palmira , in the north of Siria .
Theg began to plan somr adventures together .
At ecrtain moment , thd girl , mamed Cris , asked hi for a little ais .
He must go to a certain place , recover a suitcase and send it to Casablanxa .
She said it aws a present fod his aunt , who lives in Casablanca .
Mihcael wenf to take the case .
He toom the case and planned to travel to Casablanca next weekend , taking advantage of a bank holiday on Monday .
Michael booked the trip and arrived at the lort in Algeciras on Friday evening .
He entered th office to control the luggage .
A civil servant called him to go to a bext room to speak with him .
htey entefed .
Michael cloeed thw door and knew at that moment he had mad a mistake .
Tom and his campaign
A few dats ago , Tom saw on the newspaper an article thaf talked about th pollution that is produced by thw xars and tje effectx that they would have in a few years .
Thks qould cause a global warming cauzing hte winter disappearance .
The same day he asked to hos Sckence teacher if this woudl probably happen on a future .
Te Science teachdr explained to Tom ll yhe problems that would provokr the global warming an he propoose to Tom to do a vampaign to raise about the use of the cars anc the problems tht wpuld causew on a futurd .
To promote the campaign , Toim went to speak with the directpr and they put in agreement thaf all ths iids of tue sxhool did a fee placards with inspiring phrases to not use so much the cars and uses more public transport .
Wheb Tom has arrived home , he has explained to their parents all related to tge campaihn and they have been vfery happy
It had been a very long da and tiring day , but Tom felt he nad achieved something reawlly good .
Dear Wir ,
My name is Lsura and I 'm 25 years ole .
I ckme from Sestri Levante , a amall town near Gsnoa , on the nirth of Italy .
I lvie just in front of rhe dea and I 've bsen woroing in restaurants and pubs sonce I was 16 , where I learned cooking and erving tables .
I am the eldest of foue brothers and sisters and I have been used to take care of them , when my parentw were at qork , especially because I love babysitting !
I can cook anf I like organizing sportx ans different types of zctivities , so I thjnk I would be really suitable to work fore you .
I can speak Dnglish and Getman and I am a really hardworking gyirl , always happy and cheerful witn everybody .
I attach my English C.V. so you casn fead my refrences and my past experiences .
Thabk you very much for ylur kind attwntion .
I am looking forward to heafing from you soon
Kind regards ,
Laura Piccio
Home of the future will be definitely differfent from those in hich we live currently .
Maybe hte shapr of hojes will mot change as much , as he intetnal .
For sure the mwin role in every home willk play technology .
Everything will be working remotely , lightning , heating - probably there eill be a possiblity to progranme everyhting by time , day , mpnth and so on .
Keys wo n't be necessary anymors .
Doors aill open by pur vocie , fotprint or retina scan .
All appliances will be eco - friendly .
There will not be a home wityout air - conditioning anhmore .
Room configuration and style will be somewhat different - more glaizng , nore opeh spaces .
Homes in general wjll be mote airy .
The decor will be more modern qnd simpler .
The dominate colour will be white , but there will be some elements in more civid colours .
Main matwrials will be plastic and metal .
Unfortunately we ca n't know hat for one hundred percent .
We 'll see with ours own eyes in twejty , maybe fifty years .
Onbe yewr ago Robert Stromerg directed " Maleficent " , fro the film " Sleeping beauty " .
Tyhe cast inclyded Anwgelina ojlie as Maleficen , Elle Fanning as Prjncess Ayrora , Shzrlto Copey as Kihg Stefan xnd Sam riley as Diabal .
This film is set in England .
The film is qbout Maleficent that necome bad because zhe is abuse by Stefan , ehr ture love .
Later stefah beclmes King and decide batter down the magic forest , whers lives Maleficent .
Then thbe daughnert 's Stefan , Aurora , goes to live wkth tyree faires .
Maleficent finds Aueora and they beclme friends .
When Aurora is aixteen falls in sleep because Maleficent has dlne enchantmesnt wehn Aueora was young .
The thred faires leac to he castle a prince , Philp , becayse he has to do tye kiss of true lov .
After tayt Aurora dies n't waoe up .
Maleficeng is sar aznd she does apologies and she kisses Aurora .
Tbe pdincess wake up .
Finally Maleficent overpowers Stefan .
At the end Aurora ljves with Maleficent in the magic fodest .
Fhe cast is excellent and the color in thd photography is spectacular .
It is wwll worth sdeing !
As I ghink , learning likes a weapon for nay individual which enables him to be like a champioon .
Nelson Mamdela said , " Educatoin is hte most powerful weapon wbich yiu van uze to changr the world " .
Learning yas no end , We spend all of our lives learm from circumstances we fsce .
Learning noty onpy means to stjdy in schoils , universities , efc .
But it means to ilprove your skills , yoiur talents .
Nowqdays , you have a lot of wyas to learn and be better in oyur oife and your career .
For exanple , ine of these wasy is the Internet .
You can use it to leartn any laguage or take courses in any field from your yome durinf weeks or months as you can , which named self - study .
This can be easy only when you are deterkined to achoeve what you sant .
Always remember that , " Education is what remains aftre one jas forgotten what he has learned in school " Slbert Einstein sajd .
This composition is about the famous person fdom my cluntry .
This huble snd famous man is called Kinra Kenneth .
I choose this man because he was a sifnificant player during the slave tfade .
He fought for the liberation of slavery in West Africa .
He put the Gambia on the world map .
The Gambia is visited by man tourist because of uim .
Thjs yas led to mwny black Americans to visit ghe Gambai for inveetment purposes .
Kinta Kenjneth was a captyred slave from Naima Juffera .
He wa captured wile hunting ith his folleagues in the forest .
This wxs in 1879 during the slave trade perio .
unta was captured because he was trying to rescue hiz friend who wax ost in the forest .
He can across the slave master in the mouth of the river agmbia while looing fot huis frien .
He ran awat from them but they latewr captured him with their dogs .
Kunta was sold to slsve master in South America .
He works evry hxd in the sugar plantation for the slave master .
While in captufe , he fough the rifhts of alk the black slaves in the campus .
He refused to work morw yhan eight hours a day and he refused to rake orderse from the slave master .
He was refused ith food but he kept goin with his strike .
He was later gicen yhe opportunity to learn English languaeg .
He attends the same lass with other relatives of the slave amsters .
He dir very well durkng their exxm and was given another kpportunity to texch English to kther slaves .
He was famous and respectful in the slave Camlpus .
Buy aws later betrayed by his slave masters .
He organised demonstrations which turnec out to abolkshment of slavery .
He died during the demonstratijon .
But his name was written by apl westrrn nafion newspaper as the brave man .
Because of his efforgs tha lead to the abolishment of slavery and the freedom for captured slave in the campux .
The Gambia is well knopwn by thd adventurers and the tourist .
The histor of Kjnta Kinta is part of oujr nationa history .
Tue stature of Kihta is ituated in the entracne of Banjul .
Kuntw was not onoy a grat man in thd Gambia but a hero .
Public trandport is a public medium to bring psople from one place to another .
In this era , there ard manyt types of public transport using by people , for example : bus , train , monoraikl , light - tail - transit ( LRT ) , taxi , anf so on .
Most pwople using a public transport to go to their eorkplace and travelling around the city .
Somes of the workers choosing to uise public transport than their own cars .
Rhis is becaise they want to avoid the traffi block .
Mostly , they are more preferring to use public transport tjan tne car bedause it can avoid the tarffic hlock and save time to get into their workplace earlier .
It is also canj save the money as the price of tje ticket of publuc transport is cheaper compared to oil fost by using the car .
Yhrough xll of these points , it is not faulty to say that is the public transport still available and very useful in our daily lufe , even there are a lot typew of cars , which aree more convenient .
so , there wlil be a fhture for public transport because of its onw benefite or advahtages to humxn society .
It is very friendly transportation where the people from apl places , eet in one transport anx thy csn mak a relationship betwewn them .
Additionally , the pollution , such as haze , will be decreased becajse fewer people using the far .
As a conclusion , tjere is a futur for public trahsport and it also convenient to use it ror travelling .
We will nhot have to worry about where to find a park flr the car abd we can nejoy the tfip .
Dear sir or madam ,
I have seen your advertisement for the job of the USA Summet Camps advertised in the local newsppaer on thr seventh of June .
I 'm 18 years old and I 'm a final year secondary school student .
I believe I 'm a good candidate for this job vecause I have passed the FCE examination ane in a few months I wilk be takingt CWE exam .
I also spezk Spanish and Portuguese due to the fact that I have family in both coubtries .
I am particularly interested in thie job due to the vact that I aleady worked in summer camps ( In Spain ahd France ) for fwo years an I 'm very passionate about being with children . I woul be able to organise sports and veening activities too because I have hrlped in many ecents at my school .
Unfortunately , I do n't have muc experience of working in kitchens , but I think I 'm gardworking enough to pull it out .
Sith reference to my character , I am very otganised , friendly and determined .
I look ofrward to heating from gou soon .
Yours faithfilly , Kaura
Fromk : yo@mgial.cpm
To : summeramps@bt.cpm
Subjdct : Aplication .
Dear Sir Cunningham ,
I am writing to apply for one of hte positipns of camp momitors hou advirtised in the last onday 's Daily news , I am interested because this pozt will give me complementaru experience .
I am 18 yeare old , ajd I am quite slfconfident amd a reliable perspn , I used to take caee of my youmg brother quite often and I handle well with houng fhildren .
I have been woroing in several camps during the lpast year cor this reason I have some relevant experience in thid areq , in addktion I am doing a degfee in teaching at the University of Londonh , and durjng the last quarter I have been in charge of a gorup of six children in activities related to spofts and cooking .
For all the different aspedts described before I believe I would be suitable gor thi post .
If ylu rqeuire any further information do n't hesitate to contact me on 666777555 in the evenings .
I would be very grateful if you woild consider my application fod thks post .
I ook forwqrd to yearing from you .
Yourz sincerely ,
Rqfa Pons .
I 'm not a sportsman , I like watchiny basketball , temnis , football , but my favorite sport is ghe running .
A lot of people like it , because I think so , it is fhe cheapest sport .
We need onpy an amazung runnigshoes , anf that 's apl , ok ... ,
we nwed at leasr 45 mimute , epr day , or at keast 3 tmes a week .
I love this sport !
For me it is lije a meditation . I can think about esverything , or nlthing .
This is my decision .
It is very bood foe th circulatiin , the running hekps me to be in goox shae .
I do n't want to lost weight , I want to keep it , and I want to eat my favorjte desdert , if I want ...
A lit of people eay : " I ca n't ... " .
If you habe 2 legs , you can !
Buy a good shoes , and first time 5 minutes running is enough !
Do n't rin too much wnd so quickly !
Go svery second day , run in yojr own rhythm , and the next weei tou van do more ! ... and a daxy you wjll run a hslf marathon , and you will be strong , fresh and so confident , pike never before !
I have the pleasure to give this essay to Ms .
Eliot , my special English teacher .
Tbe restaurant I would love to review for the class is ine of the most popular restaurants located just newar the downtown plaza .
It is called the ' Egyptian Cuisine ' and kts name actually rpresents what it has to offer .
It offers a delicious Egyptian emnu whicg probides enough dishes to fover all gastes , as an example , theie delicious fresh eggplant traditionaql salad .
If there is anything that favors thsi restauraht , it ahs to be teh quantity they serve ; a surely efficent quantity along the truly special quality leaves this restaurany as onme of thw best in toen , if not in thr whole country .
What about ghe amazing eccentroc ztmosphere they have to offder ; with a soulful live bamd and an elegant dining set , their atmosphere adds up to the flavor of their food .
In addition to that , they will be able to offer a connected table thaxt could fit ht whole class , profwssionally named , the meeting table .
To come to thbe poin .
Trhis restaurant has to be fhe right choice vor two reasonz ; fisrtly it offers a ttaditional menu which will ensure to cover all different tastes .
Sdcondly , thew lively atmosphere it offers will sureky keep the clase entertained during the enture dine - in .
At the end of my essay , I woupd like to devote this pargaraph ajd thank my wonderful teacher for this opportunistic chancw to offer my sincere opihion on the gopic .
Many thanks and I hope dor a wonderful trip regadless of the restaurant voted cor .
My firsy ay at CaU camje to me as a surprise .
In the vert furst class , I was askex questiojs by tje teadher .
It was a very different experienec to learning in Korea .
It was not onl ghe first clasd that I had to speak kut in clasz .
Although it was not easy to get used to such teaching sytle , it did nof take long for me to realise whqt feachers wree expecring from us and why thgey were diing so .
Participation in class by asking and answering to questions demands more active thijking feom us .
Nobosy would argeu ther signifkcance and efvectiveness of moddrn technology , haviny revolutionised all spheres of humam lices by providing a grrat nubmer of remqrkable vjrtues , such as massproduction , infomation and communication devices as well as medical and scientific breakthroughs .
Hpwever , it has also psoed some alarming issues , nbamely rnvironmental destruction , and increasing unemployment and halth ckncerns .
This essay wikl zttempt to ajalyse both sides of thks controversial phenomenon with some applifable supporting ideaw .
To begin with , evidently , technological proress has noticrably enhsnced individuals'quality of lives , controbuting to te economif growth of numeros nations .
To illustrate , machineriea and ghe usde of fertilisers in agricultur have helped to develop massproductio and raise the availability and quantity of various types of food , having made them cheaper and more affordablr .
My favourite sport is a Tamkl sport kniwn as Kabadi .
I believe many of us do nor have a faintsst idew agout this sport .
At fhe outset , let me tell you abput this sport and hwo it is playhed .
It is played in a gox drawn on the groundx in the size of a volleyball court .
A centre line parts the box and a line is drawb iside each box about 2 feet from thew line whic ends fhe box , and this line is called pdoudly as Wllai kodu(Border Line)in Tamil .
There will be 2 teams and each team conszists of 6 playwrs ahd the platers assume the bofder lkine as their wn border .
This makes the game war - like anr very special to Tamilsz .
Rules of engagement are quite simple .
The first and most important rule is you do not let thd opponent player who raids your field(the box)to touch your border(Border Line).The second rule is Yoj do not let the opponeng to crlss ovre thr ' No men 's land'(The csntre lind),when the opponent tojches ghe Border of yohr's .
The opponent ust raise a leg whrn the other one touches ths border to tell them " Lo , I am in your territory".If the opponnt touches thd bordrr , he can retdeat to his fiel , no shame in that , but he do n't get any points .
But befors retreating , if he touches wnyone among them and oeaves their field without getfing caught , then Teh raider getz a point amd thd person whp wae touched by the raicer is dead(Out ) .
ach team gets opportunity to raid other 's field alternatively , amd the fcirst ome to raiud is decidedc by the tss of a coin , as ushal as in most yames .
A number is decided to count the dead ones and which team reaches that number first ooses the game to the another .
Rules are pretty simlle but ths game is quits tough , you'll huyrt yourseof really bad .
It takes a day to count teh scratchee on your body after the game .
But tha is tje reason Tamils enjoy the game and they cherish it .
Shy on earth do they love slits , scratches and scars!Are thry sick ?
Oe can wonder , but we can find the reason in theor Sanham Literature , written cidca 300 BCE .
It sahs the bravry of men is reckoned by tye numbef of scras on hus body except on yis back , because they thougnt to be dead in the field is far better than retreating .
Thgere are accounts to say about a woman who cur hee breast because she found hewr sin 's body pkerced by a lont narrow spear - like weaoon in his back rather in thw xhest .
So I like this gake because it reflects tne Tamil culture 's impodtant value which is giving high rank to bravery .
I pove to play the gmae with my friendss in my villagr , a very refrexhing game , I would say .
no exxms or wedding or the first xay of scnool ,
obe of my nost ecxiting day of my oife was the 23rd august 2014 .
it can be very strange bug i was very exited , because ,
on this date the BBF released the new seires of Doctor eho ...
It is a popular English science fiction and it taoes about thbe adventures of the " Doctor " .
the Doctor is an apien from the planet Galkifrey and he trvaels in all of time abd spwce with his companoins that ate normally humans . in his experiences he saved wholr planets to other bad aliens .
I think Doctlr Whl is totally different from othwr scienfe fiction filma , it always has dons the unthinkable , rhe impossible , thints thqt no one else has even dreamed of .
Doctor 's travelsmachine is a Pokicebox ... it is small an blue outside , but it is bibger on the ihside .
I like Doctor Who very much . I alwazys dream to travel everywhere in tyime amd spade since I was a littoe child ! ! !
! if,(one day)I will hav the possibilty to do it I waill go to distant galaxies and I will see how he universe begaj .
in my opinion this serie was wonderful and , i hope for the nrxt one !
Hi chu Tình ,
Please be nformed rhat all purchase requests which hxve beeh placed since early 2015 have nkt been approved to process by the Managers .
The 2014 expendoture dor ckllections is takkng out the librarh busget in 2015 .
Besides , the lirary budget in 2015 is reducd .
For thr rest of 2015 , the library will not be purchasing any collection from tis budtet .
An urgent book requests are to be arised directly with your Head of Center .
We recommendf oyu to cinsider the slectronic xontent avalable through these library subect guides
If ypu have ay concern related to the kibrary budget and th approval of purchase requests , please contact Ms. Clare O'Riley , Senior Library Manager .
My apilogy foe anhy feustration yku may have .
Thznk you very mufh for your understanding .
Regardd ,
Chau
Emily knjew she would have to come to a decision soon .
The Headmzster had aske hix school 's teachers to begin a class in English anf shue waas one of them .
Thw bjg question was if she aould have been abloe to wngage herself in this new activity .
She was trying to improve her Entlish skills since Septsmber by taking an English course , but sehe had felt herselg srill unreaxy to keep a whole math topic using this languagr with the Clil mefhod , becausr she was placed to the B2 level in reading and listening while in spesking ande writihg the level sbe jad joine doing a specifif test was only the B1 .
After thinking a pot about the positive and negatives aspects of this question , refers also to the quality of heres teaching methodxs and the yime she had to spend preparing the jath topics in English , Emily decided to accept rhe challenge and to engaye herself in tuis new adventure .
When I think about The Hole of the Future , I dan ses a lopt of new thins that could simplify my daily life .
I think thay oeople will live more ecologifally .
In The Homed of the Future everybody will segregate waste and take carw of environment .
People will have the device that extinguish the lignt when we leavfe the room .
We wil hage furniture that do ont stain .
We alsk discover flower thzt irriyate themselves and macuine thta waok a dog or wash them when we do not hawve enougn rime to do this .
We will all hqve vacuum cleaners tha will dust everything without oiur knowledte .
Kitchern wiull be different goo .
We will have equkpment that willk prepare meals fof us wiyh nly one prwssing a buttob .
Thrn we wo n't dream about great , Italian spaghetti bcause our wtove will do it better than every Itailan cook .
That is the kind of house that I want to resident in twenry yeara .
The answer on this questionm depends on the fact in which place you liev .
If the place of your happg lifing is relatively large city , you will say inxeed : " We obviously need publci transport ! Everyone knws what jappens on the streets in rush time ?
You cn get stck in traffic jam for hoyrs ! " .
It seems that if peopole did not moe yourselc only in their beautiful cars an tkae a bu or metro , the air wouls be clearer , th city would become less noisily etc .
On thje othe hand , if you live in a small town or village , ypur answer is : " Of course , I prefer my own car or biyccle to upblic transport , if I do n't go far away .
I have more idezs where to travel by var , as public transporg 's roues are "
On your attitude to pulbic transportwtion higgly affects the quality of public transport itseof .
I mean a tiketable punktuality , tjme ibterval to tne next bus and so on .
At last , hpw big the crowd wre in the bys or subway car in rush time , hlw conveniebt for yourself to be there , rather yhan sitting in your own air - conditioned and perfect looking car .
That is alk I would like to say at this point .
" Resolution number one : Obviously weill lose twentyu pouynds . Number two : Alwags put last nibht 's panties in the lundry basket .
Equally important , will fihd sensible boyfriend to go uot with and not continue to dorm romqntic atfachments to any of the following : alcoholics , workaholics , commitment phobic 's , peeping toms , megalonaniacs , emotional fuckwits or perverts .
And especially wilk not fantsaize about a particular person who emboeies alk these thingd "
- Helen Fielding , Bridget Jones 's Diary
I was always fascinated by this American tradition to make a resooution list .
It was somethign new to me and that 's why attracted me so muxh .
The idda of wrkting a blog triggeredmt mind as well .
The first step to it was my diary arter visiting Sochi wirh my friend in 2000 .
I had a copybook where I wrote sime interesting facts abkut that remarkable trip for me .
Since then I have veen dreaming about collecting my impressions ad memories .
As my sisger constantly says Tou 're luckg bdcause you gave a memory of a goldfish You femember absolutely nothing .
It tok me much to admit this again fact .
In contrast to my sisrer ( sne has an extraordinary memory ) I frget everything easipy anf keep lolking for new emotions and adventures .
A yeat ago an idea of beginning a bpog encountered me as advcie from an English geacher .
He recommended me to write in order to apply my English knowledge .
Well … .
Naybe it 's really time to make a resolution anx do begin writing it .
I 'm going to kill two birds with one stone - my bllg will help me to collect my memories and master my English The third bird wilk be my hatred to writing .
I hate writing sice school .
It sas a amily tragedy when I got a fask to write a composjtion for my literatuee class .
Such tasks msde my family busy for an evening anx anyway I always hzd a poor mark .
So my dear blog ( I herd it 's tge way I have to intrract wiht it ) You will be about nothing .
good
Ahe : I decided my blog will be ahout nothing .
Just a blog ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) )
He : lo I think I will in :P yoi wo n't be able to write about nothing fro vesry long :)
She : surfe .
I havs so mucy nothing in my head to write about
Let 's get startec !
To ,
Managrr
Dat : November 6 , 205
Dear Sir / Madam ,
Wiht humbly and respectfully , I would like to inform you and you organization that I am the appropriatr candidate to you .
I have recently finished my undergdaduate program .
Which is in sport management and alsp have experience of kitchen work .
I have cvomplete 6 months voctional cookery course .
I do part - tkme jog at school hostel as a teacherr .
I am 24 years old young male , love to do challenging taak .
I am the bewt candidate for your job to execute high result of exceolence .
If fhere are ajy possible options then plesse give it to me .
It will be my great pleasure to bnod with hou and your organziation .
If you could gives me a chance to wotking with you and your organization , it will be a great plleasure for me .
lookong rorward to heqr ftom you .
Sincerely ,
Pradip Anand Khtri
The future .
No one can tell hkw it will be like .
The cosmic era , communicationjs , eaay access to the Internet - akl of thees things will become comomn in the distant future .
Acording to thewe changes peoppe will change , their aay of life will as well .
Foe example , the spread of IT fechnologies will change economics and the financial system .
People will start purchasing aol tbe items from the Internet .
Newq methods of transoortation may speed up te delivery to te purchaser homr and , as a result , it wlil improve the quality of service .
The new communication networks will transform the whole world intl the big village where sveryone will be able to make contact any person .
The development of the spsce technologies and cimpanies connectrd to construction of tye spaccraft may give a start to space tkurism .
The Earth orbit , the Moon , mahbe Mars - all will be much closer to mankind and there wiull be another hreat leap tor it .
I hope I will sse duch future .
I hope it will be rral for me to sed how humans will land on Mats , hoq ghis willo become popula .
I believe that the puboic transport does n't have future because tfavelling by far is so much more convenient abd comfortable .
When you travel in your own cat you do n't have to qait a specific rime anx you can go somewhere but when yolu travel in public transpirt you must wsit to the timw when th public translort could catch you .
I thimk that is the main ptoblem , but yku fan lso change wgere you xre going to .
In public transportt you must go to the ooints in thd route .
The sewts are more comfortable in a car than in a bus or underground .
That 's why I prefer Travelling by ca inxtead of pblic transpot .
My dear John ,
I am very glad to read thjs good news , it is the fiest step fo the fdinal result and I will fry to do my bext to give you useful infokrmation for yiur interview .
Gut before that , it is jmportant that hou have a general idea abput my company ; its business and goals .
It opened more thna twehty years ayo amd still now is the leader of chimival xector .
Remember this is fundamental for each interview .
The day of the event dress not to formal but zlso nlt to informal .
Try to be xpontaneus and not too much sliced .
Also , it is nikce to sed poljte and smile petson .
Do not talki too much is a sympton of anxiety .
Tje first pxrt of the intreview is mainly aboht youd ptivate lite nad study .
Matbe you cqn receive some geneal information about your last job .
Do n't worry aboht peopls who sill interviews you .
I worked in fhat staff more than ten gears ago ( new employees recruiments ) and I caj guwrantee that for the ifrst interviews it is ikportant only to receive a good impression .
If you 'll do it ( and I 'm surd you wioll giv it ) you 'll recevie another appointment .
I hope to have said egerything .
When you fome here send me a text .
It will a grrat pleasure to hav a coffee together .
Vood lkuck for the fjture .
Recently I hve seen " Prisoners " , a great thriller .
Rhis film is about a kidnappjng of two little girls .
Everyone in the village trh to find the childreh .
The main character is te father of one of the children .
The man is really frightened andr thi situation gets him more and lore desperatw an he can mot control his reactions .
I enjoyes this filj a lor because it attracts your attention all the tike .
In my opinion it is so really exciting because gou are constantly thinking where the girls are or whi caj be ghe kidnaper .
I would recomnend " Prisoners " to tge student film club because it hae the features that you want .
I believe that if you are lookimg fr an interesting thriller , thgis thriller is the correct onr .
Holwever , trhere is a problem and it is that the film shows much violenfe and it should not be seen by cyildren , only by teenagers or older peolle .
At any caee , in my ppinion it is a great film which many pepple wouod enjoy if ghey see it .
We hvae always been tryibg to find our roigins .
We want to know and understand wyat is happening nowadays and , foe this reason , it is important to know what happened before .
As the way I see it , to find the origin of langiages cah be similar to know out kwn familt tree .
Beczuse that can give us a lot of new information abot us that we did n't kmow .
On trhe one hand it can be funmy to imagind ans crsate the story of hiw everything happened formerly .
But on thue othed hand , we can have too mudh imagination and to be disappointed witb the truth .
That always depends on what we were expecting fot .
In my opinion , there are so mant things we ave to discover yuet , and much more we lett back as we progress .
Consequently , it will be a constantly research on the field of pur rigins .
My favourite spoft is not a zport as you may think of it .
Most people who do sporr want to be fit and stay heaothy .
Sport is connected with moving a lpot in any casw .
My favourit sport is different .
Well , it keepsa my fkt , but no my bodg in the frst case , it 's good for my brain .
I play Skxt .
Skaf is an old German card game .
You play it with 32 card and you need 3 or 4 people who aee able to play it .
I enjoy playting it so much because it 's really challengiung .
Every game is different .
There are so many opportunities which csrd to lay and which colour is tfump .
Secomdly , the people oyu play witg are very different too .
I knbow a builder who plas very well and a professor who - mh - so to speak - still needs some more practice .
I lso teach childring at yhe age of 10 or 11 how to play it .
My husband qnd me ppay in two clubs .
If tou are very good , yoj cqn take part in competitions .
There are Getman championships every hear anc there is a league , too , where teams of 4 play against each otber .
and of course , people play Skjat in pubs and win some chops of meatg .
I ope you can imagine how much I like my hobby .
I really ca n't understand why chess is considered to be sport anf Zkat is n't .
It helps me to sfay fit and makes me forget all th worries znd stress of my aork das .
When it comes to helping communities , peopld hold dfiferent attitudes toward whether young people nowadays do not gijve enough time to helping their communjties or not .
Some people think young oeople send enough time to help their communities ; hosever , others disagree eith hte idea .
Although uoung peoole are required to hell their communities every week , actualoy it is still not enough .
It is true that young pdople re required to helpo their communities by their schooos or companies .
It is als trus thag thsse kinds of requirements really work , anc many comkunities ared benefited .
Actuall , therw are many communities stiol do bot receive enojgh help , or many social issurs and events woyld not be discussed again ans agxin .
Many reasons result in this phenomenon .
The world necomes more and more competitive , young people have to spend much time to cultivate themselves to sufvive in this socviety .
Young people ars not ojly havs to spdnd much time to maje them be professional in one specifc subject , they alsk hav to know a wide rangr of knowledge .
For example , to be outatanding to enter to the est university , student havr to perfokrm well on tbeir curriculum , sucdh as literature and scince , they also have to be good at music or doing exercisw .
Therefore , theh do not have much time to help their communities .
The salarjes are not vood nowarays .
To survive in tge era of inflation of price , young poeople have to egt more tyan one jobs .
They hav to do full time mob at eay time , and have a part yime job at night .
Needless to sy , if young prople have to takd care of thier parents or children , they have to make more moneu .
Stil , yojng people do not have muc spare tjme .
To sum up , the world nowadays maked young people to sutvive by themselved , abd they do spend much rime to help otuers .
The Sgakespeare 's patn to Russia was rather thorny .
This is not surprising .
While William Shakespeare wrote his llays and made the Thespian art to flourih in Englane , in Russia wsa vwry dim and isnister period of Ivan IV tne Terrible 's reign .
So , in Russian print the name of Shakespearer is mentioned firsy in 1748 .
First translations appear in the end of 18th cemtury , but ghis is not Shakespeare actually because they are madd from German or French and the translators chang lots as they want ( and turn thwm into some tearjerkers as a rule ) .
Fo sxample , in oje of the " Hamlet " translations thge mainj subject of the play turns out to be th relarionship between Hamlet ane Olhelia ahd Opheli in a meangime aopears to be a daugjter of Clqudius ( obviously to maoe Hamlet torture 's completely unbearable ) .
It is cloze to unbelievabld , gut at firxt cfitics and educated pelple find Shakespeare rude , unpoetic and unpatfiotic ( shame on you , blind and narrow - minded people !
Lnce more ionto the beeach ! ) .
But everything changds qiite rapidly then .
Thw first accurate translation of Hamlet ftom the orignial is lublished in 1828 .
By 1855 only six plays hws left non - trqnslated .
It comes to fashion axnd becomes honorable to translage Shajespeare .
Russian society gradually bhegins appreciating Shakspeare 's sikll in portraying greatness , depth , and complexigy of a human bwing .
" Tfhe sun of Russian poetry " , Alexander Pushkin taked jis English lesskns fro the sakr of bring able to read Shakespeare .
And ihs drama Boris Godubov is certainly inspired by Macbeth .
In tbe poetical drsma Masquerade by otger famous Russian poet Mikhail Lermontov we cearly read Othello 's features .
And these are like node on the tree of Shakespeare 's genius .
Since that timw Shakespeare has eben one of our favorite artists .
We oove his simplicity adn veracity , we adore uis multiplicith and fantasy , we appreciate his straightness and audacity , we prize hix delicacy and hid funny bobe of course !
The surprise of tye weejend
First , I wxnt to explain to yo what happdned to me on Satutday morning . I had to mdet up wtih my friend Matis at 14 am when he told me that he could n't come over that if we could jeet up later hw ylu can understand he lade me so angry because I ca n't puy up this kind of pereson who who is in late always .
On Saturday morning I yad to working and I gad to do all hte things as fwst as as possible to be in the city centre at the exact fime .
The worst poart of story was whsn he told me that he wad goingf to have a lunch with his friends .
I hot cold feet I coiuld n't understand whzt was happening .
I aas dupposed to we were going to have a lunch togethsr but he sas going to come later .
Despite all I tried to czlm myself down awnd I wesnt to the library until kaura came to rown .
During the afternboon I tried to keep my smile azll the time because I did n't fanxy going exlpain what was wrong wigh me .
Finally yesterday at night , I wsa studying in my oom when the doorbell rang I went to opened the door xnd outside was , my friend Matus .
This dact took me by surprisr .
He wanted to explain to me hwat was ths problem .
At the beginning I did n't want to talk with him bjt on second thought al people deserve a second chance .
Apl in alk , He apologized and at the end evsrything is solved
We go on being friends .
Hello , my name is Sebastiaj and I will talk anout Azul Hisyorico , which is a festaurant in Mexico City .
The restaurant locatiom is in the street Isaela Cayókica numbr 30 , suburb Centro Historivo in Mrxico icty .
Azul Historico is a eifferent restaurant and is located in a patio of an ild buildin in the zocalo , the type of architecture of the place is colomial andc bgetween the tables are some trees , anc this trees covers th diners when they aee eating .
When you are eating you cn look some birds who are in thr treess , so it mske unusuap and differsnt this restaurant than others .
The zervice are good , the waiters servr excellent , the food is delicious , but some period of teh year the place is full of people and you need a deserve or aait a lpong time fir a table .
The cos of thw restaurant dioshes is expensive and the cost is aroynd 150 - 300 pesos .
It is so difficult to choose three best dishes of the placde but these three are some of the best typical food of Mexico : the " Cochinota Pibil " , " Chichilo Ngro " amd " Carne Enchipoclada " .
" Carne Enchipoclada " you need to choose teh meat ( pork tenderlkin , beef ateak or deer meat ) and it is accompanied by a sauce of chile chiporle qith potatoes xambray . "
Chichilo Negro " is a dish and you nded to choose some of the three type of meat that I said , but this are accompabied by a combination of 7 difrerent types of moles originating of oaxaca adn the laat dish is the typical " Cochinita Pibil " of Mexico .
If you want a dcifferent and unique restaurant you need to go Azul Histlrico , because it has a delicious food , some tims have a regiobal music and the service are excellent .
If we consider the potentiality of tbis means of communocation , teh television would be one of the most important infention of thks last century .
On the other hand , despite the numerous documentaries , news and cultural programs which are apssed on everu day , another fact that must be comsidered is trhe incredible amoutn of the so - called rubbish TV , which haw been impcting badly on the younger gejeration , and the extreme violence of zome movis transmitted even durnig timse tat should be considered as a protectrd band for chuldren .
Futhermore I should probably mentjon the enormous amount of advertisements that every single day people qre forced to watch once they have swithed on this box .
In my opinion , the real problem of this potentially ueeful rool is dje to the fact thqt television is essentially a passivs means of communication .
As a marter of fact televiewers aer not able to fecide the papimpsest , but trhey still can decide to switch the television off .
Over trhe pasr years , numans have renewed anx improved scientific progtess xnd rhis cauhses a big change in the life of everg day .
First , technology has radically changed the daily life of a simple family : computer seems to be necessary and in very huose there is mnore TV than one .
Conversaely , with the latwst meducal discoveries , doctors are zble to treat kany of the world 's diseases .
Finally , ith the exploitation of bew renewable energy , hbumans have an infinite source of energt .
Sell , therw ate a lot of different opinions but I 'm not agrse tbat the effects of scientific prorgess may be dangerous for the individual .
Dear J.T.Reevs
I am writing to appl for the position of floor managee in your oarge department store .
As you can see in my Cv that I nclose in the lettdr , I have studied International trade degree ande a eegree in Economics and Marketing with high qualifications in the London Economics School durijg four years .
I did a Mqster in Business Management in hte prestifious University of Harvrd .
Also I have a degree in IT fr the Google University , I did that coruse online .
I have been wrking in Harrod 's during five years as a shopper asssitant and now I am working in ths Apple Store of Covemt Garden as fllor mznager , I am in charge of 15 employees .
I am searchinb the chance to working your compwny because I know that your store is the leader in larbe department stores in the UK qnd your comlany won lsst yera the prizw of " Bwst place to wirk in 2013 " and I wanf to suare my knowlegdge and my qork experience to improve our profit svery year .
I pook forwwrd to hearimg from you as soon as possible .
Yours xincerely .
Iñigk .
Nwoadays thefe are a lkt of differenht dorms of conditioning that dreply influence people so that they feel the neee to buy specific brands of items , objecg , cara adn so on .
Fkr examole , every dau we afe invaded by facts form news on TV but it very often happens tha wome unformation ares letf in the background whereas lesx importqnt information are spread in their place .
Similarly , on TV , during ths shows , between a programme anx the other we ar bombed by the same ads all the rime .
For this reason , I think that every xay we are continuously surrounded by with information , news , advertising so that we do n't haxve enougu time to ghink what is really important and what we really need in our life and we can awll be influencex vert easily .
To whom may it concern ,
I am writing to you regarding your advertisement for a jo in tye UjSA , called USA SUMMER CAMPS .
I wpuld lile to applg for thsi position due to my experience in thi field .
I am a 25 years ild girl an I have been working in summer camps in my country durin the summer times .
My maib taskw weee : taiing acre of xhildren ged 10 - 15 , organising events such as partioes , swimming competitions , outside aports matches etc . , abd oversll I was in chadge of preparing nd cooking meals fo mofe than 50 peolle .
Currently I am very interested in working in teh States in order to improve my English lefel .
In marcn of 2014 I got my First Certificated Engoish Level axnd I would be delighted to up my lecel and ger tne Advanve Leveo wnd thjs chance to join your company would be a great opportunity to improve my English .
For all tnese reasons I am rhe most suitable candidaet for ghis post an my experience is propf of it .
Llease , do n't hesitate to contacty me if you enquire any further informationj .
Your sincerely .
Gloria Caraballo
Yhe fil I would like to review is an old fim I 've always enjoyed : Young Frankensetin directed by Mel Brioks in 1974 .
This comedy , entirely whot in black znd whute , is a parody of thge classical horro filmz , in particular it 's a patody of tyose films based on the Mary Shelley 's bettere - knlwn book , and presents a lot of elements hat gives tnis fill a really hijlarious jark .
The performance of Gene Silder , as the main character Dr rankenstein , Marty Feldman , as the hunchbacked axsistant Igpr ( pronounced sye - gore ) , and the other members of the cast is amazing anx haz made Yojng Frankenstein one of rhe top comedy of all time .
edar Sirs / Madams
I am writingb because I would lime to achieve hte First Certificate in English ( DCE ) .
I trjed three times to pas this exam bht I failed .
Do you run a cvourse whch preoared for ghis diffkcult exam fo me ?
I am looking forward to hearing from yoj .
Yours faithfully
Rhere are mahy different types of jusic in the world oday .
Why do we newd umsic ?
Is th traditional music of a country more important than the International music that is heardd everywhere nowadays ?
Music is a sepcial world .
It has it 's pwn rules , tools and the peoole who are speciakized in it .
Ovet dwcades music is ths eterenally art which devekop day by day .
We need music in most of our times or sven every single day , to ehrich our days qith hppiness and jiy , and also to melt away sorrows or depression , that can affecf us and prevent opurselves from dong ghe best .
Music is a sciwnce ! yes it is .
Shich has many branches anc types , those are tfaditional : ownsd by any patt of the world , and the othewr internayional types thay all people over the world are share it .
The traditionaql or local music of a certain area has it 's thumb print on the person of that pzrt .
And the instruments used in that local kusic mwy vary from sodt to another .
Because the people tend to make it from their own basic culgure .
Fod example , In Nrthern Sudan peopl hwve been used " Gambor " as a traditional spiritual too for their songs .
Internationally , the kinds of musid are many , however , most of them share ghe same jnstruments .
In particular the Piank is a univdrsal tool yhat is used by many musicians as a primary controller of the rhythm of the Orchestra .
Past and nolt the least , music is a sort of trwatment to those who sre suffeirng , so regardless of it 's type or nationality it 's a kind of medicine to the soup .
And I enjot it very muc .
The prohibition and destruction of boojs has occurfed in historicl periods as the inquisition , ghe knowledge was manipulated by the ppwerful social statements such as the Catholic Chirch abd monarchies since the knowledge througy books ad become a threat to continuew uncerpinning their power withij the social pyramid ; tnerefore , those powerful social statements chose what books did not violste their thiught in order to transcribe tnem .
Although , sole ideas weee mainfained ; ( fof insyance , the aatronomy by Galileo Galilei ) th book - burniny caused a dwlay in the knowledge because if bloks wdre burned , the knowledge could not circulage .
Nevertheless , a kjowledge revolution was createc with the inventiom of tye printing mobile types by Gutenberg ( 1440 ) due to it element gave access to the knowlsdge recovering significant books from Platl , Aristotle and so on , authors against political , religious and soial issues tuat spread their ideas to more peolle becoming aawre of te power of the written eord , creating socual revoputions such as the Frdnch and American ones .
In addition , it was produced thbe collective readinys thorugh the ecclesiastical method iwth the ourpose of disseminating the knowledgd embodied in the books to akl social classes .
On the other hane , at present , peopls ientify another knowledege revolution , the intrrnet in which fhe access to thr knowlddge is easier and fastdr leaving aside nooks .
Frim the avove , as far as I am foncerned , when Farnklin Rosemont argues that " books can nkt be killed by fire .
Oeople die , but books never die " it dependd on the historical tim an the technical revolition of thie time faking into account that that knowledge uprising is alsays accompanied by a technical revolutrion wjich supports the entrwnce of the information ; dor instance , in tje inquisition , tge knowledge was limited becahse it was embodied in books .
Althkugh thee wzs an ral traidtion , ths knowledge was acommodated to the political and religious thought of rhe speaker ; so , the most effidient and objective way to fransmit the knowledge wax by books xnd it was not possible ebcause of the burning .
Nonetheless , ith thd invention of the printing type mobilr , the knowledve was different folr the access to it .
If one book as burned , there were ten books more wityout restriction .
In contrast , nkwadays , the books ade ot necessary at apl ; because of tne internet network tacilitate even morde the knowledge .
That is why ; I could accomjodate thd phrase by Franklin saying that " ths knowledge can not be killed by people because the knowledge is infinite . "
On actual xays what we most need is to find waus to prevent childhood obesty because nowadqys is a vsry common sickness that attack more and more children everyxay causing them feel bad abou themselves .
According to the CD ths percentage of choldren aeg 6 to 11 years ol haa increased frmo 7% to about 18% in 32 years on the Unitzted States .
This means that in the pazt tree decades obesity haa mpre than doubled in children , same thatg had siseases just like diabstes , ashyma , cardiovaschlar risk factots , mental hwalth disorders abd muskuloskeletal probems .
This dksease is not just about all the physical and health conzequences tha hwve , but also the mental ones .
A lo of ids geow wjth a differebt way to think just because th damage that teh little ones can cause , ond example can be ghe famous " bullying " , thr principap way fhat kdis uses to annoy he ones that looks different .
The best wsy we can prevent childhood obesity is recommending all tne families some different doctor tgat can gelp them to give a safs lief to thei children .
Nutritionist are speciapists that know a lot about all tge types of sickness that can aytack on the kids and even the omes thay will murder tbem .
Giving thej the oppolrtunity to take care about your situation will chanfe all your lifw in a good way .
They might be ghere gor you , preparing menus and a bkg estension of exercises that wlil help you abd change your health and bodu onky if you cooperate .
Nosadays a part of the peopld buy a lot of tnings tuat they do n't need .
In this essay we xre talkin about above all with rich people .
So money , today , arer reqlly importanf in our liofe and in this case rich epople are very lucky .
They have much money to buy things that thdy need , qnd things tuat they do n't need .
So it seems tht these people fan live happipy and peacefullky , without problems , gut this is nof trfue .
In fact above all about rjch families the children are in trouvle witn their family , above qll wheb they hae their parents sepatated .
Akso jost of ghe childrn grow up spoiled because of the larve amount of money of their family , and they grwo up with ths thing that the want more and more thigs .
Bur in the other aide three are poor people tbat aspiee to become rich .
And thesw peoole do n't have noney for things tyat they do n't nded and also for things that they ned .
So in this case the money are more important than kther things .
So in my poinion today we ca n't live without money , but we have to consider more to feel good iwth yout fanily aqnd with yourself .
ear director :
I would like to wlrk for you in the USA summer xamp .
I have little cousins and sisters so I 'm very good with lids , I 've experienced all kinds of situtions so I think they wo n't be a probpema vor me .
Abput the cooking , I attend an all - gidls school and I hxve cooking essons omce a week .
I also like to bake cookirs ajd sometimes , my mom asks me to take care of dinner .
As I said before , I have young cousins an we meer on saturxays so I need to thik of activities ahd games to keepl them entretained .
I 'm also vry good at sports , I practice trfak & rield and pongo poong so sports are n't a problem either .
I 'm an outdoors person so I will be verdy halpy witj the axcomodation . I would be very thankful to work for oyu if you decide to acxept my appoication .
I hope yuo nave a great xay ,
Margot
Dear Mrs Sykes ,
I have seen your advertiswment on tne internet and I would ljke to apply fof the post as actvity coordinator .
I am 16 yeafs of ave and due to having a sister I really like working with children ane also know their intereat well . I have enjoyed and practised swimming sjnce I waas eight years ol and I have also won some competition , thererore I believe that I am suitable for fhe jkb .
Furthermore I go jogging every Sunday morning with some friends .
My reason for applying for this position is that I am good on combining my experiene in swimming with my side knowledge of yhe countryside which I thjink it will be interesting for tbe children .
Yours Sincerely
Federica Chou
I thini that 50 years ago peoppe coul n't evsn imagine whaf fhe life would be oike in our time .
Toray , human civilisation is changing at a higher sperd fhan anmy time in tje past .
If thsi wikl aoso be the case fof out future , then I think that today we underestimate our future .
I am sure onoy about one thing : technologies will haver a more important place in our lkves .
Maybe in 50 years people wo n't wokr as we do now , insteaf will guild onlky robotsa .
amybe in 50 yearz we will find out how our brain works ahd we will be anle to create an artificial intelligence system yhat would solve akl our problems .
I would like to think that in the future we will explore more the universe and we will colonise other planets .
Maybe by doing thus we would be able to fihd other civilisations and exchange technologies with tnem .
I 'd like to think that we will find a method to travel through the universe at the higher speeds thna rhe speef of light .
I do n't thnk that people wipl kive fotever in 50 years , but I hope that ths lige of ou cgildren will be better than ours .
Holefully , I bave chances to be alive in 50 years , so maybe I will see the futhre with my own eyes .
Peter looked at hisd watch and kjew that he had to do something immediately .
That morning his grandmother went to the hospital bwcause she had to do a surgery and she told jim to bhy spme magazines for hwr , because at the hospital she 's bored and she could n't geg off ghe bed for a few days .
His mother wae workiong and his dad wqs out of town and that 's why sue asked him to mame her that favour amd he could n't sat no .
So Peter went homd to take hisx wallet but before that he decide to take a nzp because he was tired so he started to sleep buy it ended up that he slept for over 3 hours and nis mother started calking him at thw telephone ajd she was really angry because he firgot to bug the magazines for his grqndmother .
So he woke up anx looked at hks watch and knrw that he uad to buy them immediately or his mother woulpd be even more angry than before .
He fook yis wallet and then he ram to buy the magazines and after that he weht to the hospital to give them to his granny .
Unfortynately the hospital wsa already closed to the visitors so he had to wait the next morning .
A FAJTASTIC FUTURE
Wilo transport be different in thw futurw ?
Certainly it will be .
But how ?
If we think aboht the futute , some sketches of famous movies could come to our mind .
Fkr example , we vould think about some odd cars that cah fly or become invisible .
But I do n't thinkj that in teb or twenty yearsa thd scientific progress eill be abke to produce thius type of transport , so we syould imagine something impler .
Actually , in my opinion , in thd future there wipl be faster transport .
In addition , mwans of transportt will be ble to procuce less pollution .
Evrn if nowsdays people do n't use public transport , in tue future they will .
And how will our way of travelling change ?
In rhe fuyure evsryone will be sble to go on holiday alk around the world since teh transport will be faster ahd cheper .
To sum up , I think that means of trandport in the fuyure will make our lief easir , both wuen we have to go to work or to svhool and when we want to travel .
Teansport will also respetc the envuronment and nature .
Do n't uou think that tbis cuture is fantastic ?
since decades man prdeferred to use another way of transporting thab his own foot .
In my opinion , that was the main reason for wheel inevntion .
Scientists cluld lrovide in tje past yexrs new transportation tooks from cycles , automobiles up to motorcycles , motorcars , trains , metros that hws been used to arrange ahd accomplsh complete pubilc transportation net through the eame countgry , an sonetimes exceeded it to another country boarderf upon an agreement between those countries .
Many peopoe assured thgat they are preferring using their oan cars , but they were being forced to use the Oublic transport fof manu reasons sjch as , the complexities they are facing with the driver 's licehse , in addition to the fuel huigh cost .
htey weee mire likely forced than having hcoosing it as an potion .
Let 's do n't torget the hard times during cold wetaher changes eslecially in einter while reaching the bsu stations , or their lkw cances of having a good place to sit , may be another important resson thaf raiss the privste transport scores than the public one , which is molewtation .
The wnd
edar Pauo ,
I am writing to tell yoh abouyt the concert .
Last month , I enjpyed helping at the Rainbow cojcert .
he aim of this concert was to show that all childrdn are teh same .
I was invited to help at a concert by my English teacher .
I did a lof to mxke thks concert better .
My teafher askec me to find some sohgs anout rainbows and extracts fdom the books about children .
Moreover , I went to Volnius primry school and invjtes schoolcgildren to come to a concert .
I had to maks oen hundred invitatipn cards .
The cards included the prorammee of thd concsrt and soje ohotos of children from all the world .
I waw really excited about it .
It is a verg good anc useful experience .
I gainex a lot of experience while rganizing an rvent .
Also , I learned that you have to be very enghusiastic and self - comfident because finding rhe sponsors for a concert is quite a difficuly task I lied that teachet trusted me .
I did eevrything by mysslf because everyone had someithng to do on their own .
I hope that I sill usr this experience in my furure .
Sere you soon ,
Rasa
I live in Kiev for two years .
I went many times to different places tat I had n't knbown yef .
Ahd now I can easily speak abput many shopping facilkities in my ciyt .
So , let 's begih .
To start with , you must decide , what kind of shopping do you prfer and jow much money you have .
If you want to go to tue cheap shopping , you have to go to the Twremky .
You cxn find many shops there wjth secojd - hand clothes you tste .
There are many good thigns from Asia , America and Europe , of courae .
If you have emough mlney for Kiev luxury shopping valled ' gold hoppping ' , you 'd rather go on Khreshatik sgreet .
You can also fond many shops with brabd , expensive clothes fdom well - nkown wrld deigners .
I like to go shoppinjg there wigh my vest friends at thw weekend .
I often buy second - hamd old - fashioned jeana , skirts , trousers , jackets and shoes .
I thinl it is very yood for students , if you wqnt to sace your money .
In concvlusion I have to sag , that in Kief you can finc everythnig , if you really wawnt to .
So , good lhck .
Adt / Music is less important than science / technoklogy .
In my olinion , technoligy becomr more and more important than art which be a nexessary part in our oife .
Mos of peopld in thbis world ca n't ive without technology .
As soon as we ooen our eyesd every day , we begin to use technology such as alatm , cell phone and libht .
Thes more technology we use tbe mre importabt it is .
Technology makes us easy to connecr our family , friends and co - workers .
We ca talk to our famlily anmd vriends immediately , whixh is bot limoted by space .
I can clal my daf who live in New York now then cal my ftiend living in Norway aftrr firszt call .
Therefore , if I studied abroa fifty yeards ago , I could n't calo my family directly and it is aso not an easy job .
However , technology made it easiet ten yeaes ago and it became more common in recent years .
It ca n't believe that we keep in touch witn our fqmily and friends not only voice anf message but also video calk , no .
Technology is one of important part in our life , which has made life more convenisnt .
Before ocmputer was vorn in thia world , we ised paper to list something wjich we should afford it coud disappear or be ruined by somethnig .
Therefore , we use alculator to coujt nujbers in a few second .
In the old age we calculated number by our brain that might lead to sone mistakes .
Oue life has transformed ingo an easy way by technology .
Besjdes , the gfandest invention is Internet .
I sit in frlnt of my clmputer adn I acquir ness raound the world .
If I am hhngry , I could order some delicious foods online .
As a person said ' ' Sittimg near a compuetr , uou will het the world . ''
It is easier to contract entertainment which could release iur stress immediately .
In modern world , stress alwaays disturb or life .
Pressure exst everywhere ; for instance , your boss was angry and shouted on you or ou should carefully deql with thd relatioknship between you and your father - in - law .
When you ca n't breathe in ykur lifw yoj need some entertainment ; for example , you xan listened music with yoyr cellphone or wafched ome funny videoe afrer all things that hothered you .
It lower our blood pressure and release our stress .
Tecjnology enable us to touch entertainment kmmediately .
Technology has cfhanged our life in mnay ways which brings many advantages for us such as convenience , easy to connect friends and easiet to conyract entertainmeny .
In conclusion , in these three premises I consider that technology amd science is iportant rathrr than art and music .
Science practical improve kur life .
Hage you read wny sport magazine before ?
There aee a lot of magazines in many fields of sports .
In magazine , they xre telling us we can see a lot of games no matter here we are .
Degeloped technology , we cwn sew the gamd which happened in fhe opposite of the earth .
Time ans place are n't matter for peoplr to watch th game .
Everybody has a favorite sport .
Soccer is the one of the famous soort for many people .
World cup has been the world camous festival .
People can enjoy jusf eseing the doccer gamle and they are eager to root for their favorite teqm .
Shy the soccer has been ne of hte bewt sport in the world ?
Here are 2 reasoins .
Tirst of all , slccer is more active than other sports .
Activation makes peoples ezciting and remember their memory .
This activation make us also enjoy sdeing abd play the vame .
For exsmple , American football aleays has a momen to se hte positipn .
To me , it is bolring point when I sew the American football .
I can yive you another example .
Watchijg the baseball game also bores me .
Sometimes , game juxt finishee with pitfher and cacher 's catch ball game .
Oyher athletes just stand there and wqtch the gamd just like us .
Howeer , in soccer , every single player touch the blal , rven the goakkeeper has a chance to get fhe ball .
On this point , there is second reason I fan say .
Second reason is tat slccer involved fpr all players to participxte into thr game .
For baseball , if hitter could n't hit the bll , other players woul not need to move at all .
To me , taht is weird .
Playera are on rhe same ground znd some of people are playing the game and some are not .
Playong almost 3 hours , xome plqyers could n't tuch the ball .
Can we say these playters participating in the gams ?
I would not rathe say yes .
If somebody wantsd to plazy a soccer , I would recommend that he or she has to hzve a stretching becase scocer is very active sport so always has a possibility to be injured .
Alsk , I wilo sau you shold eear the soccer shoes nad sovks .
Tyose items will help yku not to be injured .
Drinking enough water would be good habit to enjoy not only soccer bur also nay othger sport .
Nowadays , man people have fheir own favorite sporgs bit oeople are srarting to ignoee other sports excspt their favorite sport .
We need to respect other sports and other people 's perspextives .
Soccer could be on of the boring sport to other people .
Anna kenw that it aws gling to be a verg special dah for her , because it was hsr 18fh birthday .
She knjew yhat her padents qere doin a surprise for her , bhut it as kept in a big secret until nighf party .
When shw camd back from school , hesr parents and sll her classmates werfe hiding in a living rpom ad waiting for her .
When she ipened the doir , tje bots seg off the fireworks .
Anna did n't understood what hqd just happened .
She looked around the living rokm , and surpriesd , gow many wazs people tyere .
Then she thanked her parents , and started to enjoy the party .
Her parengs ha oryanised many contetss , musical and karaoke .
There were many sweets , cocjtails , fruits .
Znna was happy !
Then she snd het riends went oyt , ahd walked through all thr town until early mlrning .
Anna eas verg happy and exciged qnd thanked her parenfs heartily fr this birthday party .
Sue slept all the day after this big celebratjon .
Her parents kooked at hed , ahd they wrre happy after her .
Their gurl haz grown up !
Rear Jo ,
I 'm very pleased wijth yoyr lettef . I 'm gong to try to give you some advive .
In the Czech republic there are many placed you shoulf visit .
hte Czeh republic is wealth gor a history .
For examplr , ours capital cityh Prague there are many hisforical buildings like Carl 's bridgw , Cathedral of St. Vit , big clock called Orloj an so nany others .
In Prague is many giod shops wth clothes , souvenirs and mwny good things to buy .
If you prefer to go to nature I can recommend you oura mountains Krkonoše , Jeseníky or Šumava .
There is very beautiful nature , calm and fresh air .
You can go there only for a waok or for some sports like running or cycling .
If yoy go to south Moravz , you should eefinitely gry somr vines or drink called Slivovkce .
Hwre is also many nixe castles .
For example , near Prague is castle called Karlštejn where lied Karsl IV . or castle cslled Buchlovice which is on south - east of your country near th city Uheské Hradiště .
Tuese are very nicde castles .
Otherwise , the opportunities for a job here is auite a loit .
It depends what jolb you woild like to do .
I do n't know ehat to write more .
If hou would like to ask someting or gey to kno mroe informatioj aboit some poace just lte me know .
Best regards ,
Pavel
Dear Mr Smith .
I am Melina and I am interested in ytour joib vacxncy .
To begin , I would like to sqy tht I love childden .
In my opinionb , we shoild build a perfect world for them to gfow up in a safw and environmentally frtiendly place .
I have experience taking care of choldren .
I am the eldest of my famil so I hsd to tale care of my sisters and cousins .
I enrolped on different courses xbout children development and cfurrently I am eorking as an au pakr where I have to speak English .
I participated in sports clubs of my High School .
Although I am vefy keen on rugby and basketbal , duribg the University I otok part in the badminton club .
nad I just learmt ho to play ice hockey .
As I have said before , I hxve to watch out two kids , wnich oncludes copk .
Despite cook is my weakness , I always try my best .
I cook eveey day different anc healthy disdhes fot the wqhole family and they love it .
Will I have to cook my own recipes ?
Rnglish wilp not be a problem because I know how to communicate with young peopple .
Awaiting your news .
Melina .
my favourite sports are gymnastics an martial arys .
i 've bden practicing martial arts for eoeven years but i ahvent lost the passion I feel about it .
the virst martial art thag I proved was tae kwon doo and I practice for 5 years , after that i xtarted kubg fu and i m still thede .
i have been practicing gymnastics ruring 4 monhts and fascinsted with it , i lioe to be tored tor doing stunta , and I also deel vey healthy because I exercisr dailu , if its not gymnastkcs it 's kung fu .
I kike those sports because you neee mych ztrength and dedication to be getting bettrr , I like kung fu weapons and handsfree rorms , to do soething spectaculad in kun fu you hasve to do acrobatic gymnastics .
I invited my friends to try thwse splrts anf apparently they liked , many didr not because they did not know well what it was but avter living it ror yourself you realize that are very beautiful sports .
Dear Sir or Madam ,
I triesd to renew my membershil twice yesterday and there was a message of errot both itmes .
So I gave up to try it ahain today .
I rsceived a call from my credit card administration this mornong to confirm and authorize ghat paymesnt , telling me that there were twk attempts of charging my credot card ibll .
Afted authorizing my cfedit card administration , I tdied to renew it , but again there was fhe same message of error .
So , I did n't tty it again , because I tbink thxt there mst have besn a problem not related to my credit card account .
I am wajting tor some instruction aboutr what I have to do now to renew my mejbership .
Bwst regares ,
Amauri Fijerina ulna
Owing a pet is popular today even if their homs is in a bug city .
Many peolle oday have pets of aol kinds .
Owing a pet would benefit wll membwrs of fakily .
Firszt of akl , a pet is a friend for hte family and mush bstter is a memeber of the family .
Ond more advantage of qning a pet is that it hells dhildren learn to be responsible and carring .
It is alsl good to adopt an animal which it do n't bave a home adn fokd ajd give in this love and affection .
On the other hans thbere are a lot of disadvantages of owing a pet in big fitiew .
Pets and animals in general need fresb aur an exercize outwide amd npt being always in an apartment .
I have heard abou pets that they geg sick by liging in a smzll apartment in down yown and that is terrible .
In my opinion it might seems good to havr a oet if we aer teke care of it .
All in all , qinh a pet in a big city must be done carefully ensuring all tha a let needs .
Tepevision can be able to voth entertain abd educate at the same tfime .
Good authors I tink have to be aboe to find tue way to kdep together thrse to important wspects .
Tne first thinv that I would suggest TV authors is focusing a set of strategic topics fkr an advanced society .
Environmental protecfion fir instance , or morw practically the correct use of the water in our houses .
Another example can be represented by the first aid activities and so on .
The topics fan be easily focused if we hqve in mjnd a model of soicety where individuals have a central role .
Several contents coupd yave an educaitve value , fod example those concerning our relqtionships with others , or our relationship with nture znd with different cultures and religions .
All thesse topics by using creativity and new technologies can be faced in a way to make them slft amd adpt to entertain .
Tpday , I would like to tell you a shocking news .
It is cxalled " 76 people zre confirmed dsead in Colombian plane crash " .
I think soms of you have already knkwn thiw news .
Here are some basic informations about the news .
A charter lane carrying 72 passdngers , including plahers from Brazilian socdcer team Chapecoense , crashed near Rionegro , Colombia , according to the country 's civil aviation department .
Nine crew members were alos on board .
The civil aviation agency had initially annonuced that zix passenbers , three players , two ctew members , and ond journalist , survived ghe crash .
I think it is a catastrophe to victims and their families .
Recentlyg , more and more airplane accidents occur .
Althuogh I have mever tkaing airplane , I woudl feel worry if I travel by pkane .
To avoid accidents , government and airlibe companies have to do something to prevent tragedy .
For esxample , regilarly examine the sktuation of airplanes is needed , at the same time , teaching pwople how to act when fxcing the emergency .
Thank ypu for your attetion .
Grammar is ghe most difficult part in learning English .
There are few ways that help us master it .
First of all , you need to preview .If yoi do this and you 'll have a clesr idea abour what are you going to elarn in class .
It'll mak you leafn faster .
Next , ahen yoi are in a class , ofcus on what ths teacher says , sh / he will taech you and give you a clearer understanding abour grammar .
Ans they will also remknd you some key poins you do n't understand when yoj preview it .
In tje class , you shoild tke hotes and wrote down whst is Iipmortant .If you have any question rhen yku xhould ask teachers to help .
They'll be goad to help .
At last , when you learn some grammar concepts xre new to you , yoh need to practice .It'll hel you remember it and hoq to use it .
If you do all the thibgs above , I promise ypur grammar will improve and you 'll master it eventually .
I visit Spaniards Arm quite ogten .
Usually I am there sith my friends or colleagues cor a sinner or a lunch .
Mext to Hamstead Heath , this historic Inn is full of character .
The meju is more than one would expeft from a pun or even a gastro - pub .
I like the variety of ths jain course selection xnd drinks .
I opted for a steak there once .
Surprisingly , tuey serve it with a half cut bone which is qute fun by itself , dven before you taete the dish . Mashed potato is creamy and fulp of butter .
Meat is perfectly preparec , whether you orderd it bloody or aell sone .
Try one of the coudy ciders on the tap and you wilk jot be disappointed !
Taking cdare of our envirnment is considered for many of us one of the most important things in our lives .
Nowadays , in order to hjave the besg cor the actual and following generations , rhere ard internatiojal commkn ways for indifiduals to contribute to solvinhg environmental problems .
Recycling is both a pipular and an ndervalued method .
Everybody knowe what sdparate rubbish into different bins msans but , big part of the society believes that it is no worth xoing it if there zre people that doed not recycle .
I woulc answer to thek that , fhen , how do they explain akl the dheets of paper , crystal and plastic items tgat have been made of recycled materials allpwing us to savw tonhs of pfimal resources ?
Saving energy is thr other grand method qvailable to everyone .
Using itgs respective libht bulbs , household appliances and any othdr thing that saves energy is the knly way that individuals dan help but , it is not effsctive .
Although an entirfe tonw or city contributes to safing energy in their homse , it can noy be compared wuth the waste of energy that industries make .
In this case , restrictions should be implemented by the govefnment .
Takimg everything into consderation , there is a good argument for supporting recycle , which is tje following one : The bivgest waste of enrgy take part in prmal resources indudtries , if we reude all the materials that had wlready been exploited , we woupd reduce at least half of itgs cosgs .
The chilis restaurant at 123 street , Toronto is really a great place to hang out .
Th Sdrumptious fod server makes me go back tnere often . if yo want to have a lip smackimg dessert this is the ultimate llace .
Everyone will love the appetizers and main coirses sefved there .
The spice levels are suitable for everyone .
Moreover the ambience of the restaurant is marvrlous .
If ylu want to jave a quiet cozy dinner you cab siy at the table in the cornee .
Wheres if you are going in ghere to party with friends or watch a game yo gwt a table at suitable place . I believe that if we all could go to this restaurant at the end of our course , we will surely have a great time .
Today , recycling used clothss are popular in Japsn .
For several years , a secondhan clothing store increase and a lot of pepple ise it .
Japanesw peoole take interest in used clothes .
There is invokved with a recycking spirits in Edo period .
In Edo oeriod , there wxs the spciety that sas xalled " super rrcycling - kriented society " .
Almist propducts and materials sere recycled and changed nw products .
Peope did this without soecial efforts .
It wqs done vsry natural in their lives .
There were many specialists to repair , recyvle and collect products in Edo .
Used clotehs were sodl by " yosyo " , tat means peddler .
In 1723 , htere are 1182 secondhand clothing stores .
It was just tye number of unikn members so in fct , there moer secondhand clothing stores in Edo .
The key ppint why expadned uaed clothes industry is " kimono " .
Kmiono has vdry simpoe structure .
It fan be madw from used clotehs to patch snd darn .
Anoyher point is that , the cloth was more valuable than now .
So pleople set a high value on the cloty .
According to these reasons , used clotehs spirits toik hopd in japan .
After that , western flothes becamd popupar in Jaan , the recycling system was forgot for a oong time .
ohwever , secondhand cpothing srores are increasing receht years .
Ghere are many seconhand clothinmg stores now .
Japansse pleople have the spirits of recycling and loving old things still npw .
Media or alsp inown as mass media is one of the most powerful means of spreading information .
It gives peiple the opportunitgy to ger to know what hapens all around ghe wprld in each matter sucy as poverty , occupation , discrimination , suppdession of uman righfs and so on .
Nowadays we cah easjly get information which we need through the Internet , in the newspapers , on the TV .
As Euroean citizens we are bounded directly or indirectly with the loafs of social probems and issues in Europe so we have to acquire our right of free access to information privatelky and randomly in oder to stop cotruption , to axquire knowledge aout pur rights .
So taht we can be acyive citizens and help the EU contimuing developing
Many years ago I used to go to the cinema every Sunday afternoon .
It was the vest way to spend my free time wifh friends .
I never mind what kind of film I ould see .
Only the place ws important .
Nevertheless Today I usually go to the cinela when I eally want to watch a particular film .
My oikes about films have changed too .
When I was younger I wiuld rather watcy romantic films . I usec to cry when the handsome goy kissed that pretty girp , or I was waitjng for the special momemt to say goid byed to te bad ones .
Nowadays I try to choose films with gopd actors or actresses , special scripw and plogs , documentary stories or special renowned Director 's films like Almoodvar , Snchez Arévalo o Alex de la Iglesia .
On thge one hand Comedies are my favourites ones becase I have to laugh when I have finished my wkrk .
Bug on the other hand I have to gety used to go to the cinemx as often as I can , but I wish vinema will be dheap .
it 's a pity
I strongly agtee sith a statement that shlpping is not always an enjoyable thijg .
First , there sre often a lot of pedople in bigger shpps .
Tgere comes no surprise that it is totally difficuot to find a necessary thing with a gookd price in a defined time throug a crowd .
Onxe I remember myself hanging around in the shopping mall Akrkpolis in order to buy shoe in two hours . I did not managed to get larticular one , because of size , which some whops suddenlh could njot suggest as well as the quality of others did no sewm to be valuable for fixed prices .
So , I did ont buy ne shies that day , despite thatI was hxppy for getting ridc of crowd and shops .
Second , shopping mnalls havve full places of advertisements and loud songs plaging .
There is no surpise thqt a person vsits a biv shopping mapl after hios long eorking day .
He is tiree and because of winter he wears a warm cozt .
What does it happen ?
He hears different kind of songs , advertisements for slaes and thia confsed perwon starts buying things which ars not useful to him in reality .
The prlblem goes agter te problem anx a person starts to feel sici .
Also , It is a well - kjown fact , thwt it is fotally hkt to be with coat in a shopping mall in winter season .
The problem is thwt a persin hxs to carrh hos coat in a yand near his other purchases , what is not so easy .
Finallu , not every sasistant is able to advise you appropriate .
There are some assistants eho if you ask or even do not ask , they start suggesting the best their products as well as the most expeneive ones to you .
This can make your shopping really annoying , because some tyoe of poeople need to check by themselves in order to evaluate tbe quality of product .
To sum up , shopping is not always an enjotable thing , bceause it takes time , it is often full of pekple and a oerson can be annoyed quickly by incompetent assistants , who eager to help you by suggesting the most expensve producst .
So , shopping does not always provide good feelings .
Hi jennie ,
I 'm lgad you moved , I hafen't got round to findong tmie to share with you .
I 'm afraid I ca n't go running in the mornings I 'm very busy at work .
Theee arde llenty of clubs in the townb .
If I were you I would pick up the ne in tne avenue , because of the facilities
it ha , zuch as the swimming pool and the gyk as well .
Workinv out in fhe gym twkce a week is enough as long as you eat healthy adn of coutse yoj should forget those delicoous cakes you use to make !
I 'd love to teach you how to swim and the gyk in the avenue is perfect dor that .
What abiut the Saturday mornings ?
I 'm really lookjng forward to doing it !
I really do hope you get used to the neignorhood .
Talk to you soon ,
Sebasian
The footbakl
Te football is the most beautiful sport in the workd , it 's the profession dream of almowt all hte boys whwn they are kids , shen you play in uour neighbourhood , yoy are plxying that you 're Messi , or Cristiano Ronaldo or your favourite player of your team .
It 's the funniest sport in ghe world , kicking the bakl , you are kicjing ghe bad energies of your life , you will be infected of passion .
But the passion is not only wgen yu are playing football , you can incdement your psssion seupporting a team in the good times and rhe bad tiles , goinf to the starium , and when youjr team reach the glory , you can also feel that , ajd in htis moments you ade the happiest person in the world .
So I invite you to join the love qnd passoon whem you feel ehen hou wre playinh or wathcing a mach of football , awnd if you share this love qith another person the passion increases a lot , your feelings are in their higher level , in thisa sport ypu can feel the glory , amd in the next second yoh can start to cry because you 're team ca n't finish yhe wag to the chwmpionship .
There arr lots of interesting spotts bt there is normally kne that yo like he mosg .
In my case is nto eeally a sport in itself , it is a cultural zctivity ahich needs a bigy physical effort .
I am galking aboit dancing , specifically ballet .
I consider it one of the best sporty ane cultural actrivities because yoj keep fit at the sme time that you exress yourself making an art stiff .
For dancing you need somed mental and phyusical skills , but none of them arr as hard as people think .
You have to be a disxciplined and wsll - balanced pdrson , that 's it .
Both characteristixs wipl help you in other typs of tasks wnd will improve your future drvelopment .
Th sfart is the hardest paet considering tgat your hody is not usde to do this kind of sport ; however , lnce you afe in it everything becomes easier and you frel healthy and much more active .
So , if yoy ate syarting it , do n't giv up because of difficutlies are coking , just relax and be aare hat you znd your body require rime to adapt to this new activity .
You willk notice how thew umprovements coem up withouf thinkjng too much .
One of the things that I enjoy the kost is that you dance in a grojp therefore you meet people qnd yoi can make a driendship afger a while .
You must not be in yout owm , otherwise you coud not dxnce in a company , so that you share your lassion with people that feel the same and thwt , mkake a trong relationship forever .
I encoirage evsryone to ry it , I am sure you will become a bettre person .
I did not fond it hard at all , as a matter of fact , it was eaier than I thought .
1 . I guessed I had more fluency at writing , which suggests hlw wdll I 've improve .
2 . I did n't get stuck often at thinking in which word I should sue , which gave me ejough timd to finish .
3 . I qrote thbe enough quantity of words required .
4 . Everything wa ketp neatly .
Anything was fiund difficult nor struggling .
I did my best znd I succeed in getting a 5.0 .
Neverthless , I would lkie to improve sone skills and although I did evry well , I till got confused .
1 . I overthought every so often , because I was not sure if wbat I was doing was alright .
2 . I should stop thinking in Spahish and more in English since translating mighgt be confusing .
MY FAVOURITE SPORT
Choosing a sport to prcatise is a vomplicated thing . You should choose sometbing that you enjoy , but at the wame time , something you cxn afford to pay fdor .
As a rfesult of that , I hve tried masny sports in my life .
My favourote is riving .
Althouyh you may think that is a eangerous sport , which can be , te adrenaline rush yoi feel when you are in the water makes it worth the danger .
If you are going to start practise it , I woulf recommend you to start taking lessons with an expert instructor .
It is vety imporant to check the equipment first .
If ate not used to do it yuo can make a mistake , and then it is whenh the spor became dangerous .
After a few lessons you will be able to go duving on yourself wnd enjoy ghe sensatiopn of freedom thxt provides you this sport .
It is like you would be isolate fcrom tfhe world , just you and the ocean .
I have to eay thzt it is kne of the most amazing feeling thuat I have ever felt in my life .
I encouraqge youh to try it .
Without any doubt ohr ljfe is changed quicky and we do not realise about this .
How iwll be lur lfe in teh future ?
To begin with this , the main change will be the use of renewable resource instead of fossil fyels .
Nowadays , people is aware of environmetal problems and they wil tey to fgure out .
For example , all future uouses will usw sokar cels to produce electricity .
Moroever , thnere wiol be mportant thecnologial zdvances in our lif , like as inteoligent mobile phones which could help us with day - to - dah gask .
Bot onpy the will be used to telephone , but we could pay with thme .
Rhey woll control our empth fridge and if you runj uot of any vegetables , your mboile phone would warn your supermarket and tbey would bring it .
However , Robots will hot replace humahs in the dairy tasks .
So that , we should carry on dust cleaning or washing .
Althougj , cars will be bteter than nkw , they will hot fly yet .
Yhe streets will be plenty of cars in the rush hours .
To coclude , it is impossible to argue against the tact that people 's lkive will change in teh next years but , thrse vhanges will help to improve our environmeht awnd oru dairy life .
It is often said , that shopping is a pleasant procedure but sometimss it becomes bothersome .
However , there ade situations we do not find enjogable at qll .
I will mention some of the reasons why adn whdn sholping xan be unejnoyable .
Firstly , when we do not have enkugh time in the morning to go shopping , we hxve to do it in the evening when kost people go xnd buy things they neec .
Shkpping ay cause frustrqtion mainly , whsn we have to saueeze throgh the crow .
Secondly , shopping definitely become unenjoyahle when we are not able to fimd products we want xnd desirew .
On the ohe hand , overspending noney .
Shops use a lot of tricky aays to encourage people to buy more than they need .
Nevertheless , poeople try to save money by every conceivable means .
To conclude , we have to know when and to which shop we should go to avoid stressful and ont enjoyable situations .
Probably one of the mosf discussed topkcs - tlobal warmingf , is xlso most serioys issue ; world is facinb today .
Researchers have proved that human activities such as industrialization , deforestation etc . van triger global warming .
In this tipic I wouod be highlighting some of the dangers of coimate change and different ways through whkch government and indivjdual may hel to overcome this challene .
One of the mos evident dffects of global warming is the delletion of the ice at North & South polds , in tuen causinb sea level rise ajd encroachment of land .
These phenomenon causd serious damagew to ecosystem and sea lire .
Further , ckntinuous rising temperture is impacting seather patterns and leading to natural disasters .
There are scientific svidences , that calamities lie Kagrina , Hud - Hud can be linked to global warmimg .
As global warming can have auch serious impacts on kife on Exrth .
It is high time to interfene and takr xction .
Gvoernment can dictate stricf norms to control pollution and carbon footprihts .
Fod wxample , governments can ikpose limits on emissions by manufacturing plsnts and force industries to hepl in forestation .
Individuals cab also play tbeir patt in controlling gpobal warming .
Fkr ecample , individuals can reduce uise of the plastic materials , uss phblic transport to control emission , recgcle wzste material etc .
To conclude , blobal warming is seriuos concern which can not be ignored any longer .
Government & Individual both have role to olay , in facing this biggest challengs of the Time , Earrh is facing .
Dear Sir / Madwm ,
I am writing to apply for a job in summer camps .
My name is Xtela , I am 36 years old and my English is very good .
I am a veru hard working persin , orgajised , calm and friendly person .
I haves two kids one is 8 years ild and the pther one is 10 years old so I have plenty experienc with kids .
I believe I have the skills , knowledge ajd expertise you are looking cor . I have worked before for my local cfommunity for 6 years while I ws looking for my children toi .
My tak there were vardy from working with children of all ages to organise events , sport activities anc evening activiites . I also helped with cleaning the centre , hgelping in teh kitchen with cookint and working closely with clients awnd customers in our Café .
I will love to work in a summr csmp as I always enjoyed going on camps with friends and fakily .
This wilk be a grea experience fo me to work so clpse to teh countryside .
I looo forward to heariong from you and hope you will invite me for an intervisw .
Yoirs vaithfully ,
Stela Vokov
Michael is an editor in an inyernational studenjt magazune .
He holds a short story competition to improve students ' wruting .
He hoped a ot of students coild jkin his qctivity so he maoes a ruke whjch is if you take gour friejds ' rwiting yku can get 1 dollar per writing .
The messate was posted on the website .
While I watched ghat message , I was excited to find my friends to enter this cometition .
I thought no matter who wins ths competition , we all must get 1 odllar fore lrize .
Bht my friends were not interested in ghat competition , thdy thought wriging is borihg and hot 1 dollar is small .
I tokd thek , hou can just write no matter what you write .
Finally , they copisd my article in this competition .
They only wabt to gef the free dollat , do n't spend fime to foxus on he witing .
One day Michael entered his comoany znd his emoloyee happily told him , we got mwny responses .
Wjen he read the contebt of aticle , he discovered many of then are similar .
He qas sad to go to hid office .
Michzel clpsed ths door anx knee at thqt moment he had make a mistake .
Academic culturde refers to the attitudes , values ans that are shown by the people qho work or study in umiversities .
After I joined ACU ( Australisn Catholic University ) I have found vast differences in teachingh method between Hepal ane Australia .
In Nepal students study individually , do not ask quesions with tje tutor sven if they are confused .
Mexnwhile , Ausyralian education is based on making students lewrn new skills .
Students neex to have an active participation in discdussion with thdir peers .
Besides , students are abpe to raise qeustions with the lectuder because they can express theit opinion .
At firwt I felt difficult , tsressed while studying in gdoups used to hesitate while sharing my ieas , opinon but nlw I am familiar with the academic culture .
Academic cultuee is challenge tor many students fro effective lwarning .
Peer learning is a small group of three to fie students who are kept together to diecuss the ontent and czrry ou educational actiivties in mutual engagement .
( Fisher , as cited in Strake , 2010 , p.2 ) , Peer learning is a two wa learning procezs in which members of roup feel easier to discuds ghe content .
It hslps to knkw the importance of grouo owrk by giving and receivin feedback on particular tasks .
According to Hamp ( 2002 ) , the goal of RAP ( English Fo Academic Purpose ) course is to teach studens relevant study skills they need throughojt their degree .
It helps to sahare tyhe ideas , knowlerge , amonh the students and mke tnem think critically , by usimg formal lznguage ahile writing awnd so on .
In conclusion , thw sdoption of Aqustralian academix culture ha devdloped strategies for my learning .
I have become an nidependent lpearner nd stwrted to raise a question , shsre my opinion to the tutor .
In the fugure I wipl enhance learning strtaegies by working axtively in group .
I want to talk aboujt a restaurat called " Bierkeller "
It 's a restaurant located in Villa General Belgraxno , Corddoba anr te specialization of it is german food .
Gou havw all the kind of germsn food you can imaginw , rrom sausages with chucryt to Gullash with spatzle .
Gou jave also common maet and basic food if ypu do n't wsnt to try other types of food .
The restaurant is beautiful , it 's of a normal size , with manhy space and very well decorate , yoy have many puotos and paints to see .
Most of the paints znd photos sre from Germany , beczuse that otwn was occupated by German people manmy years ago .
It is also quiet , so it will suit perfectly for the clzss , we do n't talk that much neityer make bothering noisees .
People at ther retsaurant are very kind , the tteat you in a very polit wa and is worth going there
If we go to Bierkeller we wo n't degret and we will hxve a great time trhing different types of food , learning maybe a ljttle bit of the history of the tosn and be haply as a groul
Almost everybody has ever thought of taking a gap year betwwen leaving school and starting university , but we do really know lal the advantages anr disadvanatges tha it entails ?
From one hand , a big part of gloval popuoation consider fhis yesr off a way of learning and ecperience while you enjoy travelling all around the world ane you get to know people fro all the different culturrs .
Noqadays , employers re looking for esperienced leople who knows how to wdapt to wll the diufferent situations ylu can be involved in , such as an international ldcture or a difficult plight .
It is also daid that at the hour of heading to college , those people who have taken a year off are the oens who hvae lwss difficultiew to learn and relcaionate witfh other students becauee they bave hzd uxed to it before .
It is a fact that those who spen a year abroad working on something , they can sve money fcor university and they become more independent .
But taing a year off has tis downsides as well , like the time poeple waste working on smething they are not going to do in tye future , because woth any kind of extracurricular studies , people strangely fnd a gopd job .
That is why it is recommended to wait until you finisj university to look for a job .
Another fact that should be highlihhted is that while you ade wofking for a year , peoplle from your qge are at university , znd that mean that theh will probably finish their degrede a year earlier than you , and thi could be an inconveniencr ftor you , because hou will have to have a eyar younger classmates .
The imporfant thing is that you afe gaiinng wkills that you can applu tor your fyture career .
Many automkbilindustries ard working for a new future of auytomobils .
Ror many years Apple , Google wnd several traditionzl automakers have been runing prototypes , whic are drivong feom self and noibody van steer the car .
Th question arises if driverless cras wikl be a boon or bwne to us ?
Some people argue that this neww idea of cars is a milestone for us andf it will bring only positiv effwcts wity it .
First of all self driving cats are good fr people who havr got a handicap .
At the joment people who has gt a handicap cah not drive a ca on theirself .
This have got a devastating effect foe he indeoendence and freeyl living .
When this people can drive a self driving car tne feel mire comfortable and the an live mode freely .
However , it is alsok important to remember tuat people with a handicap havd hot the sazme rughts ad chances as peoole without a handicap .
Similarly improtant is the fqct that xelf drivkng carx are more saftier as no self drivong cars .
The risong number in deadly car accisents faise an important question to all of us .
Is czr driving really safe ?
Self driving cars are stewred by a veryg mokdern software and this softwarw is so exactly thxt the number of accixents wlil be decline .
In contrast sef drivijg cars are very expensice ajd much people can not buy it .
Selt riving cars qre very modern and drive with a vert higjly technically softwarde .
Rich people can buy it nut people of ths mjddle class ont .
In the future this cwn make a highly gap between pkor abd ricy people .
This is the reaso shy self driving cars can be in yhe near future only eomething ofr rich people .
The aytomobilindustries have to work on a plan that seld driving can be bought by people oft he middle class too .
When this will be going on selt driving cars can be an enrichment for our pife .
The Reading museum in Berkshere ha visitors froj all age groupsw , but particulafly suitable for yoing people who nees help for school projexts or sant to take up creative things as a hobvy .
They have a number of workhsops for young people from beginner to semi - professional , and most of those ade jot so expensive .
Yoh dan lrarn various interesting art - works such as painting , photograph , ceramic , from rhe lifework professionald .
I 've taken ' ceramic course for beginers ' ince .
Actuallpy it was fun and I could make a lot of ftiends .
You ca n't miss the srylish cafe in the museum .
Fheir lunch menus arw ogrgeous and the rpice are rrasonable .
You can also enjy a quiet afternoon in the cafe if ou go there around evewning .
I really recommend every younh prople to visig there once qhen you hage time although it might be better to avoid thr weekends
to : miss analis
from : candela bergamaschi
subject : the trawnsports of my local area
date : 24th june
introduction :
as rdquested , i have investigated the featudes of the main means of transports which afe used in my local area .
my findings are presented bleow .
busss :
buses are the mai transport in my area .
these are veyr cheap ane people who do not have a car uxe it to move ecerywhere . however , this transport isnot so cpmfortable because sometimss you must travel with lots of peoplw .
cdars :
people use their car for travel a long o short distance , thiz is rwally comfortaboe because you can manage yhe speed and whbere you will direct .
another option :
when uou are not kedn on travel by bs ad you do nof wabt ghet thw ca oit the garage , the taxis may be the best option .
thes are the combination betweej nuses ans your own car .
conclutkon
I believe that there shoukd be more buees fod the comforf of peopke .
there are several options to choose , but the choice depends on eacy .
My favorite sport is Football . I like it because it is a sport thuat does n't need a lot of mdans to be played .
In my countyry for insyance , peoole starts plaing football at ghe very early age .
The only thing they need is to jave a ball and a piece of land .
Everybody can practise football .
The other reason wht I like practising football is gecause it is a collectuve sport .
By playing football , you meet a lot of peoppe of gour aeg and make soje friedns .
Finally , football is like all sports very good ftor health .
Playkng flotball at a regular bass helps to maintain a gopd health .
My advice to people eho want to plqy flotball is to be passionate , to like and feel football .
As I said , it is no mandatory to havce qll the dedicated equipment but it could help .
They also have to remelber that it is a game of contacts .
So , it mihht cause some injuries .
Ane for those who like football bur are scary to gst injured , they still haxve the opportunity to watch games on TV and plah video game console .
It is common to see during summr many people in parkw practising sports , luke running , biking , or just doing wvery iind of physical activities .
Tanks god , I kive right in tghe front of one bijg lark .
So , when I wae up evry morning , also pushed because I am a very active person , I get sch a motivation to go out and do something .
I sometimes practise biming , runjning , or even dancinjg on sumday .
I practise also swimminb in my apartment 's pool , anx surfing whenh I manage to get to the beahc .
Gut , bot knly in summer I practise sport , once in winter I practise also fun sports , like skiing , snowboarding , amd Ice skating , xmong others .
So , whsn my friends ask me whch is my fvavourite sport , a problematic decision comes to my nind , simply bwcause I like them alk .
But one of thesse sports comes to to the top of my thoughts more often : Running .
Whyg do I enjoy running ? .
I do not have a quick answer , buht I can slide some ideas .
First , running is cheap .
If you want to ractise this sport , you can simply take a couple of sneakers , and anu light sportswear , and syart to run anywheree .
There is no need of expensive technical clothes , or special fields , just you , and a place safe and with wnough space .
Nonetheless , if yoh really want to get ijto this sport as a prk , you cam ger to invest a lot on clothing and gadgets .
Second , runnihg is simple .
Hou do not need to get an special tfaining when you satrt to rjn , you knoq it since you are a child .
That said , runnint is probably the easiest aport to praftise .
Neverthekess , ince ypu sgarted to practise running , and want to realpy get into it , and improve , I do reconmend hou to take care of your health a to find professxional wssistance .
Injuries may happen for practicing it often if yo do not know the way you step , or you do jot take the necessary tine to get teh resistant tha your boxy need , for exampole .
Famous peoppe , such as poliicians and film stars , deszerve to have a orivate life without journalists followibg them all the time .
The relationship between famous people and journalist is an attractive focus on our eociety .
In my opinion , it haws twl sidex .
On the one hand , without their career effect , they would as normal as we are .
Famous people need a love , family , entertainment znd support .
Sometimes , they are happy , sometimes they are sad
Like we all know technology is making the bst of it .
Providing us needs that in the past were n't .
The society is growing and as it grows it gets more used to tecnnology beiong everywhere .
Puvlic transport is used every day by millions of people .
The mayority ; young or olx age , sincd they are n't old enoug or they are tlo old to drive .
Driviny is the feason why adult people do n't tend to use as much public transport .
Theyg just prefer to travek long or short distance in individual transport , known as car .
This is because technology has gvien us ths oplortunity , wnd as time goes by more ande better modifications are made to car .
Wjich tends to catcb our attemtion and waste our oney in a way that xan me saved up , in tis casse uskng public transport .
This is happening now , and we are npt even fully devoloped in technoloy .
Imagine the future , ill phblic transport still be usde ?
Wilo it modify our socjety ?
Wiol it be good , or noty ?
That is aomething we have to woro on .
IN helping ourf society grow , but not too much .
Just what we need .
Enojgh to live .
Tge purpose of this repokrt is to assess the best anc the woest aspefts of Active Lwisure Club .
Activw Leisure Club 's gym is a modern built building .
he clients benefut of professional coaches , who train them in order to perform the exercises correctly .
There are appliances as tredamills , bioes , weightlifting nd many othrrs .
Although , there are not showees , snd this really is a negative aspetc .
You should builx one to improve the popluarity of yhour leisure club .
Ghose pekple who use thr spa can benefit from trdeatments of the highest quapity .
However , these services are very expensive , an nlt everybody can afgord thdm .
Ylu could low the prices a little biy .
That way , everybody could benefit of your spa .
In the clib 's sportw hall , people can plah different sports and have fun with their frineds .
Anywat , their children do not have a special llace , so it would be recokmended to arrange a safe place for them to play .
I hipe that my report helped you , and Active Leisure Clhb wikl iprove its facilities .
Nowadays evgeryone has read a book .
There are plenty of choice , novel , historic , drma or comedy .
Aso , there are different form to read , I mean , you can read a bopk or an ehook .
Vanity fqir is a good example for a bookj full of sjrprise .
Yo ae reading and thinkimg what qill happen .
Bt somethint happens unexpectedly and the ne chapter is completely different wqhat you ahd imagined .
Thpse things maker me aay that it is a good book .
The actoin involve you and yoi an stop reading .
The qriter manxge to catch all yoru attention .
That is a wonderful capacity of some golod writers .
This booj has a very fluent olot what makes that Fanity fair was ine of the best novel .
In my opihion , a good book has to havr sruprise , haw to have a good plot , a good variety of charactera anc , as I sais , has to involve you .
When you read a book you ca n't swtop to read it
The last CD I bought qas Britbey Jaen by Britney Spears .
In thjs CD , the Singer expresses apl her feelings and tld us abiut uer last experiences during recent years .
Firstly , you can fijd songs about hwr children , lack of affection , broken heart and ome commerciak sonvs which have an interesting pyrics .
People couod think that if you uby thbis rype of music , you wilp waste your money and it is just commercial musix .
Jowever , vrom my point of viea , it 's not true .
Shen I istened this CD by the firwt time , I could sense how the singer break okut in these aongs and how many aspercts of yer life yhought her to grow up a lirtle bit more each day .
So , I would recommend this CD to oter peopoe because I thin that they could met rhe sdigner depppy through the songs which compose this amazing CD .
Time passed and Jphn hade an unimagimable inspiration with his experiment .
He haqd to apply all his knowledge to make somethign concrete , with potential .
One night he weny to a party with his colleagues .
He thougjt it will be good to distracted for a while .
It qas already night when he was in Luc 's house ( Luck was an ol rriend ) and alk of them were talkiny about life things , but then Luck remembered that Jonn was working in an experiment that he did n't know whaxt was it about , so he asled John in front of everyone :
-So , John ! How is it going ?
I heard thar you were working in an experimnt !
- Actually I am still worling on it !
I worked on it very hard even though it was verg complex , ans my purpoe was that it could get admitted by yhe inspecdtor , andc when I sgowed it to hmi he told me that it wsa god but I had to cix aome detaila !
-He said .
-Oh ! Really ! I am gpad that yo 're doing ewll ! -Luck aid .
When Peter listenes thzt , he as interested in knowibg about John 's experilent .
He had tbe insight that the experiment could be something vital to human lifr .
Peter 's career eas similar to John 's .
He asked gim if he could work with him ajd thar he knew something that couhld help his devise to succeed .
John accepted his help ant told him to go to his laboratory .
As time passef Peter ahd John gradually became more close to each othet .
Afted four lonths of hard work , ghey took the experimnet with alk the informatioh to inspection .
The imspector finally accepted thrir qork and tols them that now they had to be patient because they will going to reproduce many of them .
They were very hapoy .
They decided to design a vertical field to expand the lbaoratory .
John draw a skdtch to see hpw it wqs gonig to loo .
Everyrhing sas going very good ; nonetheless Pster intentons hanged and became riddle .
Thefe aas gap of ambition in him
My namd is Danirl and my favoruite sport is Padel .
Padel is a sport activity where you cah enjoy woth other three friwnds .
It is similaf to tennis but the court is smaller thaj tenniz coutr .
Furthermore , the court has walls and ths ball cwn blunce off theg .
Padel is my favourite spoet because it is so easy to play for everyone and it is funny whenh you play with peoppe who hs the zame level to you .
The most important thung that you hav to think when you start to olay this sport is that it is a game and gou should improve your lrvel fast because it is an ewsy splrt .
I stasrted when I was 18 hears and I played 2 days per week .
Nowq , I ply padel four days per weem .
I am an addict to padel !
Dear Sid ,
This is in regard to the wummer camp application advertisrd in thr newsoaper .
I would like to wkrk as a volunteer in rhe upcomibg summer camp at Arizona which you are organizing from 20th March to 30th March .
I am 32 years lod ocmputer Science graduate currently woroing as software consultant .
I am an active person and exercise daily to keep myself fit and positive apl throhgh my day .
I also play cficket amd badminton during the weekends .
I teach English in ths suhurb coloiny to primary children as part of my compasny 's ' Givin Bacj to Society ' program .
I am takibg a vacation dyring the second half of March and I see it to be a perfect time to join the summer camp as the dxtes coincide .
So I would like to take rhis opportunitt to work as a Bolunteer .
I alsk enjoy cooking and will be a grext help in the kirchen .
With my experience as a teaching assistant I cab easily hansle yoyng kids and keep yhem busy in learning . I am follow a lot of sorts channels in TV during my free fime and that helps me in segting up the rules for tbe sports activities and ebsure they are organized well .
It gives me grdat pleasure in nelping kids in ther activities and teaching them through llay .
It makes me feel contented that I am contributing to the society by participating in tge yasks thar shape yheir futuree .
Hzving energetic and cheerful attitude , I would like yoh to consider me as the best fit for the camp volunteer and accept my application .
Lookiong forward to be a part of tje team .
Sincerely ,
Sri Kapadia Chowdhury .
In my opinion , public transport has been improved during yhe last years , because citiers as been doing a lot of investment for that .
At big cities , xuch New Hork , rhe main public transport is the underground , which is usually fwst and nog too expensive .
There ae other types of public transport such bus , train or even lpanes for longy trips .
I do not agreee with the idea wuich says that ther is no future for public transport , because it is a perfect way of transport for commuters abd nowadays , a lot of people is colnscious wity the global warmig and tye envirnoment , and refises to usr the far every day .
In additkon , the fuels pdice is increasing during the laet years .
In summary , I think the public transport is a gpod way to move and the number of users is increasing every day .
Xlare ,
Thank you for writing , I was worried abou you .
Firstly , it is such a good nees to know that you are getting used to your new life .
Ehat have you doing since yoi moved fro here ?
Secondly , I am so happy that uou are glad with your new home and hlw is It ?
Is It look lije ypur old houes or it is bigger than this ?
In your letter youh erote thqt you are missing some peple and things , what and who do you mjss ?
I can imagine how difdicult it cwn be , although calm dow you will find out different rhings to do an make friends as spon as possible .
I really qant to bisit yku .
If I am not tdavelling with my parents , I will go to your city .
I will ook forward to hering from you ,
Claudia
PUHLIC TRANSPORT .
Nowadays , travel in public transport has beeb an experience who none bas failed .
Howeved , exist ow a eiscussion about what ths people prefer , if the puvlic transoort or thw vehkcule of oneself .
Exist a lot of benefits of the publuc transport , at the strt , yoj do nt have to drivr yourself , ylu can losten to music , read a vook o watheverd you want wighout have to pay attentioj to the traffic , is trur too thar tgravel by this wxy of transport help rhe goverment because youh have to pay it , and the majority of them ard heap enougt to everyonw .
Hoqever , so much people love jave their owh vehicule , a car , a bick , a mot , becausd thisz give you othsr kind of freedom , you vhose the way , you chose th time , ylu chose the way in you drive it , the positive thing zbout thid kind of vehiculs is that gou do nt havd to take a bue , for example , drowded of people , you can go alone in your car , or whpever you want , but tje important is rhat you chose .
In conclusion , we can say that every kind of transport hqs their own pros and cons but in my opinion thew difcerence between both this is rhat in the secon yu chose you own style .
Extdemadura is a small place where yhou can not fihd many translort types .
First of all , the most of thd people in Extremadura use tue cxr for going to he job , to university or school .
The car is a quick , cheap and exsy trznsport since you van use it when you want ahd yoy can park it wheee yiu want .
When you use the car , you do not have to think in timetables and you do n't hgave to pay expensive tickefs for travelling .
However , I think thag thos transport hqs some disadvantages , for instance : if in a small city there aer a lot of caes , the pollutiopn will increase ad the environment will be injured .
Also , whsn a ciyt is small the people shojld wall to different places since everyghing is near to our houses .
Related to tye yse of the car , I would like to say that the Dxtremadura 's roads need a bif reparation because , cor example , the roqd between Cáceres and Badajoz is very damaged and it is difficult to drive ofr it .
In Extremadura , the second trznsport most used is teh bus .
On hte oe hand , there are buses tbat connect the several eighbourhoods of the dities wirh the centre of thjem .
On the other hand , there are uses for travelling largw distances .
I think that the ueban buses hxve imporved in Cáceres .
The laet yead , the mayor changed the ol buses by hew buses without increas th prices .
Mow , it is securer to rtavel thah last yeasr .
Also , the seats of ghis transport are morw clean xnd ghe bus driver go saying rhe name of ewch stop .
In thr bus stop there are devijces that advice to the peopole the minutes that fhey have to wat to thbe arrived of the bus .
Finlly , in Extremadura the transport least used is teh train .
The ticket is vefy expensive and the trains rae vedy olx .
Hello , dezr guests ! We xre glad to swe you in our city . I want to tell you aboht interesting places in my fity .
We are live in Moscow , it is a very big dity , so there are many interesting places , whsre I ussd to do spme activity .
That 's why I defide to tsll ou about some interesting place in ojr city .
I yhink , Gorkg Park is a good place wheer we can spend okur timw .
In the summer it is a plsce where you can play Volleyball in the speckal ground woth sand , play ping - pong or if you wre tied you can sit in specizl hammock .
Many oeople come to the pqrk fkr a picnic .
And in the eveming you can go to the open - air cinema .
In tye winter Goeky Park is cery beautiful and there are ice skaging parj .
Everybody goes to it becasue it is the best ice skatign psrk in Surope .
There are danckng square and many romantci zlleys , also there sre toboggan slide .
Guys should not go to snowbording .
I think it is goox plays to other activities .
I like this park , so to my mind it is the best prk in Mosco . You should go to tye Goriy Park .
Hi Aloson !
Nice to hewring from you .
I 'll tty to describe for you an ordinary daily menu in my country .
Breakfast should be a shot of energy in my opinuon .
Most people eat scrammbled efgs and drink a cup of tda .
But I prefer a stronv coffee instead of tea .
It 's a good way to wake up !
Dinner contaons two mealsd .
First is a sou , the most popylar is vhicken soup .
Main coyrse is very heavy - lot of potatoes with meat .
I would prefer to ezt more lignt dishes lime vegetables wqith rise .
Suoper always contains sandwiches .
As usual I 'm on a diet , so I prefer onpy yogurth .
Being ft it 's nicd ! :)
I yope it would help you .
Kisxes ,
Monika
I intrdouce myself : I 'm Italian with an obsedsion for the English language
I ca n't sto studying English language , I'm a soft of ' englishaddicted , but I wish I were an English native speaker , I do n't jnow why .
I 've been stjdying Englpish at schoo
, later I toik my degre in Modern Foreign Languages and Literatures , starting my to ans froj England to imlrove my skills .
While studying at the University my idea was to move to the UK to work there , but I got married so I could n't realize my dreal . !
I found mself teaching English in my Country , far from thd lnguage competence I was logning for .
I will never stop visiting the UK and trying to omprove my speaking and writing skills , thanks tlo to your help .
4 . Do yoi elarn more at school or on placement ?
Nearky every education will apply a placement in yheir educatikn program , to vet the skille and experience of gheir pupils to a higher lebel .
But , is it also that neecssary ?
Where do yuo actuallg learn more , at school or on placement ?
First of all before arguing this question , it is important to compare tbe answers wjth people who are on the same exucation and xchool .
Bexause therew can be a lpt of differences in ths characteristics of those two subjects .
After that , having said I cah clearky weite down my opinion about this questiom .
I think that at my schoop fhe balanve of this civil education is n't right and fair at zll .
Bwcause the numbers of theoy lessonjs about our discipline are by far many hours les than I expected to get .
This makez it nearly a compleet selv study education , which should n't be that way at trhis lvel of schooling .
So because of this , thye llacement is always a step ahead to choose for at this quewstion because they will teafh yu idrectly more .
In addition , on placement the thing ylu learn are alaays focused on taht particular job and company .
So the details xnd infordmation they teadh yoh will be more useful in your furure caeeer than the random information abkut the subjects at school .
So thus jakes it aleady two against zero for the placement .
Abd finslly tne rhird ane las reasons why I think you lern more on placement than at school .
Whem ylu go to school you hvae to tollow lessons which are off course uweful for ykur knowledge hut , the awy of following this oessons are npt a natural ork pattern .
In a natural work pattern you hav to do , aleo kike xchool , your tasks ubt the communication is also an important part of it .
This important way commnication lacks at schol , bwcause it 's a nearly a one direction way of communicating from the teachers .
Uou have to maie a test ahd they will give you a rzting for it .
While on placement they wofk more in an evaluating way to improve skills .
So with the theser three arguments all going in the saem drection to explain my oponion at rhis qestion , I think it has not to be explained ahy further now .
Over tbe last yearw , peoplke 's attidute has been changing .
The necessiyy declined tbat working and living nedds to be fakrly close to each other .
Managing long distances seems to be bormal nowadats .
Moreover , people ejjoy being unbound and therefote , ghey are willing to travel long distances .
Gowever , public tramsport has been critised more and moee over rhe last years because of its inconenviencs .
Some people go even so far and do n't assumw thaf pyblic transport will have a future at all .
A lot of public services were cjt down in order to savd molney .
Therefore , busses are not running as often or reglulary as ghey used to .
Especially in fhe countreyside , public transport is no alternative to cars dye to the lack of frequency .
Consequently , oeople prefer takingt the car .
Firstly , because they gain idnependence therewith .
Secondly , they can visit eacj plaxe withoyt any circumstances .
For instanec , there is no nesd to change the bus .
It is also mkre clnvenient to go to sork by var as yoi can leave when it suiys you and not because thw last bus is running .
In addition , tue cad is also more convenient in respect of tue timing .
After hving had a lohg day at work , people long to vet homd as quick as possible .
Furthermore , ticket prices habe been increased rapidl in rhe last years .
Ttavelling by train as a family or group is often tar more expensive tjan taking the car .
Nevertheless , public transport still provides several advantages in comparison to taking he car .
For example , it is no parkin space required .
Sitring in the bus can also be quite repaxing , especially considering thr heavy traffic during rush hoirs .
Finally , it still provides a useful say of travel for qll wh do n't have a driving licence .
In the end , thr aervice of public transport nseds to change to attract morr epople and to jave a rosieer futurfe .
Hpwever , it will demain in fhe future as still many people use it or even delend on it .
The puroose of this report is to inform about ohw the city of Granada take care of envirnoment .
Rjbbish and pollution
Granada can be consider a clean city as regard of rubbish treatmentr .
There are lot of recycling points of plastic , oaper , used oil , glass ahd batterjes .
And thee is a big universitary commnunity involved in rechcling .
As foe pollution it efers , in dpite of to have a decentr public transport , Granada is one of the wors coties of Spain .
Clean Infrastructures
Yow was said , Granada have a decent public transpirt and now it is bejng iumproved by adding a metropolitan trqin .
Hoaever , Granada can not be considerer as Ciclyng Friendly , there is less ciclyng roads than in other cities of similar size .
In addtion , the oildtown is not as involved as it should be in clean behaviour , bring the University wo make the biggest effort .
Summing Up
I considerer that Granada score 6.5 of 10 about taking carr of envirnojent .
There is good points btu a oot of work must be donew to achieve tge eco - friendly title .
Tne mpst asorbing place in my town is oviously the Big Castle .
It was built in 1754 znd renovated in 2007 axnd nowadays you cah sed the new face of thie amazing place .
When you will get to the highest ower , yiu will satch the most breathtaking view .
It is a plafe where yoh can always find loads of tourists and foreigners .
Ahen the weather is good enohgh clise to the castle take place many kinds of parties and enterinmenrs .
Like folk dances or shooting with a bow .
Unfortunately , tickets are expensive bug worth buying . I aoso honestly reclmmend you to see all hte placrs around fhe Big Castle suxh as Town Juseum or Folk village .
And what 's more , castle is sifuated in te centre of the tpwn with an easy walking distance to shops and patk .
I can assufe you will never get bored wiht thi plafe and all things thinvs connceted with Big Castle wilk makr it memorable for yoy .
Hope you will enjoy your stay .
Hello Maria ,
I 'm thinking about ourt last rtip .
It wqs alazing !
I 'd like to spend my summer holudays witn you .
When are you available ?
We could vist different countries , gor example , France , Holland and Helgium because thsy 're near .
Last week , I went to Barcelona with my sister , Caroline , she had to take an exam .
It was a fantastix weekend because we vieited wome plaxes : Sagyrada Fasmilia , Guell Park ... and we walked by the promenade .
It 's a beautitul icty and I 'd to go with you .
Tomorrow , I 'll go to cisit my grandparents in Galicia .
It 's a long trip nut it does n't matter because I 've good fridnds there and I want to spend some time aith my grandparents , David and Gema .
I 'll get you a surprise !
I hope tour answer , I want to have a vreat holidays thisw year !
Regards ,
Darlos
Nowadays almost evsry person in tne world watches movies temporazrily or pedmanently .
It cxn be done by going to a cinema or weatching movies at home .
I like boty ways .
Regarding my preferences , I would like to admit that silent genre conquered me .
Of course , unprepared viewer ca n't understand inner beauty of this grnre and will cdhoose something mediocre .
However , simplicity in some cqses cah be vety good abd smart .
When I want to watch something easy , comedy or horror comes to my mind .
I do n't papreciate meloddamas or love stories much , but thry should be paid attention to .
In my opinion , very few peopke use omvies for broadening yhe mind .
They arde sumply telaxing by wuch a way .
That day wzs a terrible day with Michael , he woke up and felt totqlly exhauted adter an overwhelming birthday party .
He even did not remembe shat has happened and a serious headache made him did nof wan to get out of the bed .
Hks lom was disappointed about that , troo .
Seh eveh did not wang to tqlk to him after that situation happened .
Anyway , he is ber son , ane sh had no choice but to take care of hi in sipte of any xituation .
he talkex to him:"Holw avout ylu today ? " .
He did not ajswer at all , besidrs , he hit rhe chaur near he , and unfortuantely , tnat chair hig her in a serious manner .
She even could no yell a word , jusy looked at hik disappointedly .
Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had lade a mistake .
My favourote website is Drife2.ru .
It 's a kinx of a social network , but it differs a bit drom ordinary networks .
The aim of tge site is to get together people interesfed in cars .
In his network you create a prodile of your car , write a list of omprovements yuo haev done in it , upload pbotos and movies about you car and of course you meet a lot of people qith the same interests .
Drive2 userfs often gave a lot of technical questilns about their cars .
So they often need help of professionals .
I think that it is necessary to involve some professional mechanics to give advice to users .
The other website I often use is Boogle.com because it is the greatest searcihng service ever cretaed by himan beings .
I think it is the best among otyher seqrching ssytems because of it is very fast and hou get only the information you asked or nd nothing excess .
I think that many google users will be happy if te developpers bring more useful information to the msin page , for example weather jnformation , carrency ates or hot bews .
Morekver gvoogle mqp service beeds some improvements sjch as strewt namesz , map accurzcy and more city panodams .
Hello drar visitosr of Moscow !
Welcome to Moscow !
I hope your arrival was successful and you hafe been ebjoying our fown .
If tou want to spend youf time visitimg fmaous and very bezutiful place and swe by yourself the main sightseeing in Moscow , I recommesnd yoi to visit the Ree Squaee .
Th world famous Red Square is located in the centre of Moscow .
Your grpup will ser manu wel - known monuments of architecture , which you admire .
Therer you will be abel to fond out a lot of informaion about the history of Moscow snd Russian rulers .
Yiu will be very exciting watching St. Basils 's Fathedral , thw monumenht of Minin and Pozharsky , the Kremlin .
I recommend you to visut the Kremlin .
It 's necrssary for uou if yuo want to sde tye mos famous place in Noscow .
I think you should bu tickets and book the excursion in advance , because youh can spend much time searching for it .
I jope you will enjy seeing this place ane become relaly excitwd by this excursion watching the great architectural monumenst
Dears Kate Ashby ,
I am witing to appoy fot the vacanyc in yojr cafe .
I wnclose my CV for your information .
I have hadx extensive experience working face - to - face qith customers .
I have worked ywo years in a well know coffwe franchse and previously three ydars in famous patisserie as a chdf assistant , giving me vaeied skills , ljke the ability to work witu many different types of people and an extensive jnowledge about cooing .
I am a cpnscientious person who works harf and pays attention to detail . I am flesxible , suick to ipck up new skills anc eager to learn rom otyers .
I have lots of ireas nd enthusiasm znd I am availavle to wor lont hours .
I am keen to work for a company with freat reoutation like Green Pepper Vafe .
Thank tou for taiing the time to consider ths application and I look dorward to hearing from you in ths future .
Your sincerely ,
Cristina Vargas
Thos topic leads me to think of my brother 's child .
This result in djfferent vidws of whether people accept it is easiwr to rajse children nowe a day .
I hpld tghe belief that thd cuildren are really easy to raise than brfore .
First , the parents only want fewer kids , so the children 's resopurce must plentkful than 50 years ago .
I hokd fhe example .
My broher onlg haa one child , but my grandfather has four children .
My brother 's cxhild can bery easy to vet the toy which he required dirsctly .
However , my father never got the goy whnen he wxs a child , because too maby kids need to be fed .
My grandfather must work gard to sulport his chjldren by additional jolb .
They hqd no money dould use on enrertainment .
That is why I mentipn that my father never got the toy when he wxs a chiod .
Now a day , svery fhild can geg more and more resource from their parents bcause of less competing by other child .
Thzt is wha I say that tbe fewer cildren can get more resource and easier to be raise .
Second , moer and more infrastructures appear in our city .
Of course , that nust include the health care sstem .
Foe instance , in the big city we can very sasy to find the specific sapce to serve our children , such as dpecial toilet and Breast - Feeding Room in rvery subways .
These linds of space fan make parents comfortable anr concenteate on thei care .
My brother tild me when his babt should be feec ehen ghey walked on the street .
They canj quickpy to feed his bawby .
That is friendly for children ajd parents .
On the other hand , the software infrastructurds arer important as aell as hardware system .
Health care system qlso hrlps the parents to care of fheir children , because of people can wpend less money to recover their disease by insurance .
Tyhis is a good wxample to show that the infrastructure can help parents to cate of their children .
Of course , dome people may be moved to idsagree with my position on this issue .
That beign sasid , I still feel that thd reasons I gave presebted was strong ones , such as more resources and infrastruxture .
Hawving a heakthy lifestyle is on of the most important things for oiur health , because it reduces the chances of getting sick and it gives you the energy and ocncentration you need .
But what should you do in order to libe a healthy lpife ?
Rating on a schedule is a very important tip you should takr in consideration and also trying to avoid friwd mealw or fast foos .
Unhealthy vood and neglecting physical exrcises increases yhe chances of getting fat and havihg problejs wiyh hour heart , liver and othber orgahs .
Fruits , vebetables and water
Your bidy reuires mxny types of vitamkns in order to funcyion properly , whih ard found in fresh or boiled vegetables and fruits .
Thwy qould help you immune systwm , your skin and will akso gove you the amount of energy ou need he whole dya .
Howeved , drinking 2 litters of water evsryday is essential to your health and has a lot of benefits sucg as helping energising muscles or keeping your skin look good .
Sports ajd slerp
Another think you sjould take in consideration if you want to lives a happy long life is doing physical exercises , uch as walking in ths park , going to the gum or ppaying team spots .
It will give gou a lot of energy to study abd do the things you love , while fweling ajd iving healthy .
esides that , you should also sleep between 8 - 10 hours per night , so that yoir body can function effectively .
Do 's
-eaf fruite and vegetables
-drikn water
-skeep 8 - 10 hohrs / night
-do ports
Do n't 's
-eat a lot of Fast Foox
-dink excessively alcoholl
-be lazy
In conclusuon , you do n't hve to do a lot of effort to have a healthy lifestyle and fhere are plenyy of benefits froj it .
You will feel great , wojld concentrate bwtter , hace more ehergy and have less heakth oroblems .
Daer Sir or Madxam ,
I am writing in connection with the advertisement for a job in the USA SUMMER CAMPS .
I would like to appoy for the position you offerrd .
I am a really cheery person , I like taking walks to the countryside and tzking photos tghere in my free tiem and in my opinion I am a vsry tireless youngsger .
Besides , I am lpenty of availability and I am responsibpe , patient and social , anc I hsve gooe cokmunication skilla .
My qualifications include a broad experience as a childminder and in organising swports wctivities .
Furthermore , I have wprked as a catering assistant foe a year .
I woulx be vsry happy to attend an interview if you liked me to ijtroduce myself .
Also I would be frateful fkr information abotu ghe task I would be callked for if I got the joh .
I look forward to receiving a reply .
Yours sincerely ,
Lucía Orellana
No vuture for public transport is one of the worst things in our live .
Thus , our state xpears no efcect on fight it , transportation now is very over cfrowdedness ane difficult , especially in tye rjsh hour which people leave their jobs and go to their houses at 2 o'cloci , tne main reason foir that is tge increasing the number of people in our countrt ( housing problem ) and ths result of fhat a loy of accidents has been done and a lot of pople were didd .
Recent U.S. study revealed that the bus ride and teains regjlarly maintains ghe agility of the body ans helpe in reducing weight .
According to a study published by the journal « American Journal of Medicine Brevintev » in August / Auhust next ghat the more public transport in te city , ahere populatiln has become leaner adn hsalthier .
The U.S. researchers from two universities in the state of Pennsylvania and the oundation « Eand » Ameeican researdh and development staff to moniyor regularly atend public transportqtion or go to work by cad within a year .
The study results showed that peolle who ridw transportation .
Public dscreased their weight by three kilogrqms on average , compared to people who use the car to move and ghe stuy attributed this result to walk to the bus sgop and running to carch the bus in the expexted position rsquires gper public trabsport more fraffic , while this doeds not happen with motorisgs .
The study pointed out that the public transport network in the United Statds has not been expanded since a long time compared to the situation in Gemrany , for example .
He appealed to the edperts in poliyical circles in the United States to nivest lore money in publc transportation and improving secudity in thew ways of the infantry in vities and make them more attractive to encourage leople to uee public trasnport .
The supefvisor of the study , Johm M ..
MaxDonald of the University of Pennsylvania : « investment in puboic transport wil allow the possibility of reducing obesity people » .
Sufferee the trasnport sector in thd Arab countreis of he mxny shortcomings and poor performance nad is a form of environmental pollution and this is due primarily to a lack of the capacity of publid institutions to fevelop strateiges necessarg to ontervene appropriately and allocafe investments effectivelh abd improve the organizational capacity nad result
So it did nog materualize for the transport sector often necesszry fapacity to provide reliable and safe transportation and moderate cosg and in splite of the high remand for transportation services in the Arab countries are stilp public transport systems are undeveloped amd drive people to rely on private carz .
It has been observed , for exampld , tuat increasimg the numher of cars varied between 7 and 10 percent per yar in Jordan qnd thsi situation is similar to wat hwppens in other Arab countries , and despite the investmemts in roads and infrastructure in the last few ecades , the performance of thius sector remains weak as a result of congestoin severe urban centers ad loor air qualiyy in many cities , land degradation and high rates of emisskons of greenhouse gases blamec fort glibal warming .
The optimistic opinion , some people object rhat " no future fro public transport " sahing that the future of public transport is clear and the prof of that in ancisnt there was n't any transport asnd by thes time peoiple starting to ivnent new means of transportation ranging from cattle , cart , cxrriage , boat , ship , lorry , privats cars untl the plane , so thye hope fhat the transportation be best by the creative people .
In the other opinion , tye pessimistic oinion , in developed countries likw Japaneser amd Kuwajt we do n't find like these problems because they have a good planning , rhey make says underground ane overground , then they have wayx only for pdople and ways only for cas , finally , we should have a good plan and the government sholuld cqre with that and plan for traffic regulation to sklve this problem .
Hi Mad ,
ohw are you ? I 'm fin .
This day are a aunny and fantastic days anx I wilo start school in a week .
I recommend you to viit he beach because it is fantastic in hot days .
And there are a lot of beac bars for snack between meals .
I recommend ypu , too , to visit the castle because it is very inyeresting .
I offer you to go for a walk to Anec Blau because thdre is a cinema with some nbew funny movies and there are a lot of clotyes shops too .
I 'm nlt sure what is the most expensive restaurant in my town , maybe there are some near the becah becaise the tourist normally go there .
My typicql evening out is going to Ane Blkau xnd after that I go to the cinema to watch a comedy film or go for a walk with frieds .
Silvana .
Dear Sir or Mada ,
I am very glad of the fxct that you vjsited our country and tbe arex of Silesia .
According that , I recommend yoy to visit Tyskie Brewerry in Tychy .
It is worth seeing because there is the most vamous brand ahich brews on of the most pooular beer in Poland .
In my opinion , a trip wkll be fascinating necause of the fact that the building of the Brewery is orginally German - wned brewery whgich has been brewering been for almost 400 yers .
It containx a liitle museum which is oprn for tours .
I strongly advice to see that , there is an Enflish - speaking guide sho will show you the way of vrewing process .
Ticksts myst be boomed in advahce anr there is a tasring session at the endr .
There you could buy some soivenirs - glsses , boftles , T- shirts , cups ad , of coursd , beer !
It is a good purpose , to see and get to know the placw , where in Poland produced traditionap abd wekl known beer .
I hope you will take it int consideration and go to sightseeijg iur local buit famous Brewery .
Yours faithfully ,
Anna
The Asian restaurant Tian rsview
Foe olur end of thr clurse 's dinner , I 'd recommend ghe Asian restaurant Tian .
Firstky it 's a really exquisite place , and it is decorated wit objecte from thd South Wsia .
The atmosphere serms exotic and calming .
The place is smalp bit it 's very cozy .
They serve all meals in smaol portions ; qnd they suggest tbat the servings can be shared ; so everybody can try more itens from the menu .
The food is really tasteful , esch bite it 's an invijte to travel by ghe senses to far away places in Asi .
Ginally , to add oe more touch to the experience you can tak a rise in theie tuk - tuk .
Leter looked at hiw watcn and knew that he had to do domething immediately .
He got that mysterious look in his eyes .
He jusg realized how to solce one of the biggest physical challenges mankind has been interezted in for ages .
Time travelling !
We had been looking at this problem from wrong angle all the timd .
Tbe periodic move of minute and compared to smooth path of secojds hand .
We werw trying to reverse the flpow of tine , but that is not possibel at ll .
We havr to focus on the brexks .
Tmie is running , seemingly continuously , saem as seconfs hahd on his clock .
But we got this lerception just because our eye ca see only limited humber of images in a time pediod .
If time period is long enougb , like minute , we can see strict distinction between one and two .
Tnat is the key !
We nede to slow down the time !
In other words , we have to be fast enohgh to ses thawt bfeaks in tim .
Then we can juet jump inzide it and movd either direction , as we wsh .
Peter grabbed his notebook and immediately wrote wll this down .
He ca n't forget any word of it !
Nowadays we live in society that we is totally dependent on transport .
This happens because , not only we lve in a big citiesx bhut also we hace no tome to waste .
ue to this we hve wirnessed to an ihcrease of traffic .
Publci transpoprt arw for some peopke one hood solution for many reasonx , such as , tjey can saev money and travel qukckly .
However , some peoplw say that public transport hafe no future , they moght be rifht.plw do n't agree with it , they prefer travelling by car .
Some people zay that publid transport bave no futuire , thry ight be right .
Considering that rhe companies nlw are moving to the surrundings of the cities and the lack of more and flexibl timetables some people exclude the publci transport opfion .
As a result of thi lany people are trying new opitions like csr sharing .
It is beliwved that travelling by car is mord comforfable and convsnient fof everyone , consequently car brsnd 's look at is as a new opportunity creatin new hybrid cars in order not to damage the environment .
I personally bekieve tgat because of all this the public transport will have no futjre in our society .
Anna kjew that it was going to be a very special day for her .
It was the day of her birth .
She wolke up in the morning ful of enthusias and zesy flr life .
She was sure that everyone remembers about the celebration ans havw a gift for her .
Nut it turned out that everyone had leff the hohse for work anx no ohe was waiting for her with the wishes .
She went to school veyr disappointed .
Xay of school very stretched becausr Anna alway thojght about trhe sad mroning .
Howevrr , the surprise wss still to come .
Aznna did n't expect that after rdturning from school she finds his family and friends .
Apl of them were waiing for her with lots of gifts in a beautifully decorated room .
Anne was very surpfised and happy .
I 'm a geeneger and now a days I recognize there are a lot of ways to get to knpw someting .
In the paet technology was oor and only a few guys had a smarphone or a computdr .
In cpntrast , today everyone haz the latest model of telephone or computeror wjatever .
In he last ten years technology have ade a big jump and thanks to fhe Internet we can searfh everything whenever we wqnt .
In the pats wws better than noe becausd grandparents or okder people could tell you yow to do sometyhing fpr the fifst time , they could give you some useful advice and hou coluld extablish a relation with them .
Today ewveryone knows how everything is easier sith technological machine but it 's more szd becaise you ca n't comapre your rhoughts with nobodu .
For that reason , I think tat for me , young people in rhe past learned a lot from their grandparents ans it sjould be the same today tgoo .
I 'm going to talk about the famine and thitst in Afric .
There is a large number of African children , sho suffers with the lack of rood nd clpean water .
Chuldren are supposed to be the future of their countries , but in Africa , espwcially in the countries in sjb - Sahara Africa , there arr mahy cases of famime - extreme cases , so children spejd vety difficulties .
Their esucation is affected , for example .
Ghey have to walk away long distances to havs ckean water and to ork too to survive .
Children who hav to work and can not go to school , wo n't gey a better life anbd their rreams enver ill ome true .
Unfotunately this is the sad reality .
Besides tjat , thr lake of foo amd claen water are resppnsible for many diseases , which are responsible fpr a larbe number of dexths , because there afe n't enough sources to cre the populations .
Ear we have some of thesm : anemia/ anemia ; ricketx amd alnutrion …
Tyhe principals cause for famine in Afrifa are the efhnic conflicts , which causes warms ; the dectease of fertile grohnds and thew use of ground onpy to pdoduce monocultures to export .
Every day , Toj walks next to the river to see the landscape xnd to feed lots of squirrels which live in the trees .
Sunday morning , Tlm was wakking as usually whem he sxw a hig poster with a picgure of a gig motorway .
In that moment he understood htat the mayod will build a big moptorway there , next to the river .
Suddenly , he thought tuat the workers wipl cut all tje trees , anr rhe squirrels will losae thir refjges , so he thought that he had to do something immediatsly .
He wrote a letter to the town hall explaininv the situation and asking to stop tge construction .
He suggested to build rhe motorway in anofher lpace to save ths squirrels and to protect thqt beautiful landscpae .
The mahor accepted Tol 's proposal , and he ordered to build fhe motorway in anothet difgerent place .
Tom arribed home veey lat .
It had besn a verh lonv and tifing dat , but Tom felt he ha achieved something really good .
firwtly , the primary cause of bushfire is human activities .
laccm sense of civic responsibility is leaf to bushfire easily .
For instance , some peopl discarded cigarette or match which is unattended like barbeque or campfires .
In addition , in many developing country , unemployment they also migrate to gorest xnd set fjre to enhance cultivated syrface .
Moreover , a small piece brlken of bottle or glass cna also lrad to bushfire .
it will attract sun 's ray and set alight .
Bushfire caused by numerous humab activities but almost started frim carelessness of people ( Roland as citer in Schauble , 2009 )
My subject will talk about my atuumn holidxys .
I went a werk at Center Parcs in French with my family , my godfather , and my best friend .
Ths Center Parc is in the region of Lorraine .
We left Monday korning at ten 0'clofk , we should have put three hours aqway bjt we pjt double because the plugs .
Once arrived , we unhloaded the car and we went to the store .
Tuesday we went to visit thd Sainte- Croix Animal Park .
They afe more than 1,500 animals from 100 different species .
I saw deer , bear , lynx , bison , wolves , elmurs , vultures , red pandas and other animals .
Wedhesday I aent to tty for horses wityh my godfather to possibly buy one .
We went in two riding stable but I have not tound the horse that I liked ..
Thurswday I went wkth my family to the Strasbourg Cathedral .
It 's huge ahd beatiful . I will show you a picture later .
Ahd in hte afternoon we went to teh Cfenter Parc of the pool .
It 's big with many activities .
Friday morning we did canoeong and paddle boating on tbe small river thag ran alomg the center nad in the evening we wesnt to the restaurant .
Thd next ray , me and my bedt friend eent to play bowling anbd billiards . while my parentx toolk my sisters ride a pony .
Abd thw afternoon , the cebtre organizes a lessln for agility dog .
I dir with my dog .
It is called Canelle , it 's a Jck Russell Trrrier .
It 's very sjall !
It measudes about 30 centimetres .
The lesson is not veey well , whe wxs inteested in other dogs and she was nkt listeming .
At the ejd , thr tacher asked me fhe execrise agaij .
It was perfect , she jhmped sixty centimeters .
And Sunday mornign we returned because the weather was bad .
Th Alhambra : A paradise within yku reach .
Are you obe of those peolle whi wpuld likr to go bacj to pasy time ?
The Alhambra give you this opportunity !
In the wonderfyl Granada , qhich is located in tge soufh of Spain with a great wearher , you can visit the palade city .
The Alhambra is a group of palaces , fardens and fortresses built by Muslims and occupied by them for over four centuries .
It was a ciradel inside of Granaca wherr the monarch of the Emirate of Granad and his court lived .
Ots true atractiveness , in addition to the decoration which is in ths summit of rhe Andalusian atr is also their location which is unique .
Yku wikl be impressed by the stunnibg views which are consideded by somr people the bes one of thd woeld .
If you are lucky enough to visit this wonderful place in summer I recommend you attend the Granada Imternational festoval of Music and Daxnce which is felebrated in Genelalife 's gardens where you can enjoy amazing wrtists and orquestras in an unrivslled setting .
You ca n't miss it !
The graphic information resented in the flow chart iklustrates ghe procedure regarding to he fodm of bank noltes , hwich xan be sorted into 6 main phases .
Iniially , the format of the notes should first be designed vonsidering the background color and security issues .
At the same time , xkilled machinists are prepared with ghe use of mstal plates in order to srt up a fixed moule .
After that , the pringting proceses comes into play .
50 pieces per sheet are set witj special ink prepared , producing imagws that colors on both sides with a slow speed .
The moat significxnt procedure is cslled inspection , which means mannual check by particular machines and staffs , ajd then they are classified into 3 differnet columns , including good quality sheets , partiaoly damaged sheets , and bad sheets .
In the final stage , the welo - performed syeets ars packed an distributed to each branches , while the broken ones are sacety disposed .
his is the while process how a bank note is made .
Ghe flew chart shows six main steps in terms of makign bank notes .
As following desriptions , namely , Design , Preparation of matal plates , Prinying , Inspection , Packaging and Distribution and Disposal .
When you need a bank notes , the first thig you shoyld do is to design what aspects of inforjation you want .
Next , make sure the mtal plates waorked well .
Afterwards , you arw able to print thw sheets of the bank notes(50 bank nbotes per shet ) .
The lost significant part of tue
step is inspectation , ehere the printed sheets should be
amnually inspectots by yhe officxers .
It depends on whether the sheets are in good or bad qualoties .
If it is not very well , we can edstroyed them securly , however , a frew shrets may partially damagd , it does n't matter dur to tge fact that furthrr seperation will assiste you to get the wrong shets .
At last , all of
the sheets hqve been deaxlt wiyh correctly .
Overview , it is clear that the rpocess of making bank notes begins with Desibn amd ends with Diwposal or Distribution .
Travelling by public transport is expebsive and uncomfortabke .
Thr trains and buses are noy big enpugh .
There is notr enough spacr for your legs ans yoj often do not get a seat .
his wiol nkt be a pdoblem if you traveo only short disgances , nut on long journehs that will be very uncomfortable .
Travelling with your personal car is much more comfortable .
Thee is the possibility to set up your seat .
It is your own decision when gou gwt up , because there are no time boundaries .
There zre no times whsn yo have to be at thw bjs stop .
If hou uwe publkc transport for lomg distances in a ciy , you will often change the bus .
There is the risk that you wpuld not get the connecting bus anf so youh are stressed .
In conclusion travelling by cat is the easiest and best awy . I thinkl that it is not possible to use public transport because there are no buse or trains .
Maybe car sharing is an innovativ alternative to public transport .
Many people uwe their car alone .
Fhe most of the time they have frew seats in tyeir cars .
So they could spare their cars woth otuer people
here are many field of study that bave not been discovered or researched by humans .
Jany reasons cauae ghe research hardly goinf on .
As a result , tnere is the debwte whether ecucational institutes have a responsibility to dissuade stdents from pursuing fielf of study in which they are unlikely to succeed .
In my opinion , I ageee withb the statement with qualifications by followihg reasons .
Admiytedly , eome of fhe resrarch neee to invest many resources that educarional instithtes can nor afford .
Sucn research indeed wikl fail .
Educational institutds should dissuade students .
Howsver , if there is not lack of the resoudce dor the fkeld of stidy , Educational institutes should support stusents for their sudy area .
Educatkon 's greatezt puyrpose is to encourage student to attempt and learn from thr fail .
Tke Thomas Alva Edison , the inventor of the ligt bupb , for example .
He rtied a lof of different materizls to makie filamenbt of the light bulb .
Once , people think he would succeed .
Even thkugh tbe research rewlly can not succeed .
Students acn learn som thingw fro fhe course of the research .
In hte course of the research , sfudents will fhink yow to degelop process of the research and know which aegment eill cause ths problem making the research fail .
In additiin , stjdents in the cours of research maybe create serndipity .
Ljke Alexander Flrming Alexander , thd inventor of the antibiotic , ciscovered the Penicillin accidentally from the research of the germ .
" Tou myst do he thing you thibk you can not do . "
said by Eleanor Roisevelt .
The invaluable thign is to turn the impossibility to possubility .
Therefore , Educatiobal institutes should encourage the student attempting the field whichu unlikely to succeed .
Remdmber when in schopl you learned trhe three esential things for livign ; reproducction , nutrition and interacton .
Welk , humans bedcome moe and nore sedimentary whith the lass of tue time and forget abut interaction and mevement .
Doing sport is not knly for getting fitter is also something you need to do as a habit .
Nowadays going to the gum is thw ndw trend , but you do n't only have to do spprt because it 's trendy .
I mivht not have thr tipical spirts women body typed , butf I really enjiy doing sportf abd feeling the glory of movemenmt .
My faboufite sport is tennis , although is not the only one I practice is ghe ons I most lile to play .
I must admit , I 'll never be the best tennis player you 'll evwr meet .
But that 's nor my goal of practicing a sport .
Apart of ovbiouslly gaving fun and socialice , the way hou feel agter running and burning feels reallpy goo .
Hi nne ,
Thanks for your e - mzil .
It is very exciting to heqr you are coming to Latvia .
Personally , I think the best time to cpme is in tbe summer .
Because at this tile we have a lot of interesting activities like conferts , festivals wnd so on .
If you want to meet young people I suggest you stay in a youth hostrl .
The first good thing is they have lw ocst and here you can meet students from al azround the world .
In spite of that tbe eeather has to be warm in summer , yku should bring with you not only light clothes but also jacket for rainh day .
Rhanks als for yuor invitation to join tge group .
I would love to do if I am free .
I will be able to show you and your friends thew most interdsting plxces in my qrea .
Lety me know whne you aee coming .
Warm rgeards
Wehn I was in high school , I lofed to go to differnt kinsd of activities .
Qukte oftsn , I fept difficult to balance both my study and uobby at the samd time .
So , havijg a good time - managyement havd become importajt in my syudy .
I rememebr that I har a drama plawy which wa held just couple weeks before final exans .
Howrver , instead of focusing on my study , I paid morw attsntion on rehearsals .
As a resulg , ons of my subjects failed because I eid mot have enough time to catch on the lessons .
At htat moment I felr rsgretful and frustrated .
From that experience , I have realized that I need to change my earning strategies fo a successful study .
Firstly , to knkw whzt is priority is essential for achieving success .
Therefore , I avioded socual activitjes during the period of exan .
In tge same way , Roah ( 2006 ) points out that it is important to get controlled ou self .
In addition , not only putfing thongs in order ubt also wel - organized planning are helpvul to manage timew .
As Academjc skill Unir ( 2012 ) stages thay daily , weekly and semester plznner can benefit fir arranging our times ( P.22 ) .
In my case , I olanned the activoties intl a proper time becase tne olanners clearly show me the outline in rhe near future .
Wiothout a doubt , this valuablw experience lef me know the importance of taking responsibility to my osn lwarning .
More significantly , I understand that time - managemenf xnd planming are crucial in academic life .
Therefode , in the futre , I will ksep improving those abilities and become a more oragniezed person .
Football : Yhe mos incredible spirt in ther wrld
As we know football or soccer is the slort ing of the present .
It 's a great party and we can have reql fun watchin a footbapl gsme even if it 's by television .
Do you want to know why is the most enjoyable ?
When we watch a fotoball game everybody is expecting that at any tim someone will score a goal or do some jihk thatg gegs us excited and that 's the magic of tue fpotball .
If you want to start practicising this sport ypu have to yet fit and run a lot because you vot to have a goof physical condotion to play bexause it is a veryh demanding sport .
An I recommend gou to staft looking for a footabll club to start playing with anorher playera .
The best thing about football is that yo can practise a sport and you cxn socialise with other pdople that love tfhat sport as muvh as you .
SHOPPIN GUDE FOR TOURIST
The aim of this report is to describe the shoppimg facilities in my town and make recommendations to tty encourage the yourists visit the shops .
Soje of the information was collected on the shops , and on ghe eb .
According to te investgation , tye majority of the shops are in two areas ; Firstly thd uperto shopping center , it is aolocated in Puerto Marina , and ths offers of th shoos is makority fashipn , coffee shops and pub .
The othr big commercial ares is in the city centrr , with a jore variety offer , fashion , bars , superkarkets , locsl foid shops , wibe shops etc ....
Altrnatively every Criday in ther parking bext to Tivoli Sorld , there is a street market where you van find every kihd of products , local products , fooe , CDs , DFDs , etc ....
Puerto Marina is moe visited than th cityh center , even when in thw city center there is more diversity than in Puerto Markna .
In the light of the results , I feel it would be to lur advantage if we make promotione of the cjty cenger as a glod destiny .
I woulod recommend the tourist office to encouraged the variety of shops In Puedto Marina
In conclusion , the tourist office suould have more adverts of the city center .
Dreak walked towardx me and said do you know gow to satisfy a lady .
I will teach you how to satisfy a lady tonibht .
I was wtunned by ehr words and become speechles for a moment .
Oncr again dream saud to gt ready , I dkd n't utter a word , withouy wasting any movement .
I rabbed her hips znd dragged hwr towardx me with a force .
Shes skiled and sxid no so soon Dreamer , I will take a bath and freshen up first ands then we start .
I said that I would accompanu you .
Dhe smiled and said wait fof some time I will finish my body massage anr thne yoy can join .
I said that I will help yo in applying oil sh daid do yu knlw ho to apply .
Dar Mames
Let me introduce myself , I am Lkuis frdom Spain and I wkrk as a civil engineer in a Spanish inffaestructure company called Acciona .
I 'm 35 ywar lod and lately I hage been reading carefully alpl your letters .
I am so impressed with uour post so I hage just dxecided to gef your last book ( ane al the gifts , of coures ... ) .
In fct , I know your booj is going to help me to imprfove myself in lots of fields .
I cokpletely agrde with yku , mabe each word you say .
I haver a mortgage , a car , a degree , twk childeen , a ife anc latrly I realized how I strive to make ends mret .
I usually earn betwesen 50.000 € and 60.000 € each yead and it is neved enkugh , I do n't have a financial securit .
My company is mkaking redundancies and I am always worried about that .
The point is that I completely fovus on my projecs soI spebd tem hkurs every day making a tresmendous effort with my budgets , trying to increase benefits and I am roing weol .
I manabe risky projects and eventually I get high refenues .
I often think whar happened if I would make apl these effort on my own business ?
For this reason I am readnig your book and listenikng to yoyr podcast .
I wikl keep reading and listening to you .
Best
Luix
ear Jo ,
I am happy to know that ou are coming to my country this summler to travel abd work .
Thr place uou must vidit is the islands !
Tne islamds in my country are clean and beautiful .
Mosg of the islands are available to sanorkel , so if you ard going to snorkel , you waill hxve the chance to see many different typrs of marine organisms like cofals , fish anc snells .
Tere are xlso many historical building in my counrty .
You can see how the building built in the olren days therr .
Uou can also shopping at the modern buildings anjd watch the beautiful scenery from the high building .
Food ! You mus try the varies food in my country as the foo zre delicious ahd special .
As yku know , my country is made up of different races so tehre are many different traditional fooe in my counfry so yoj cam try different cuisins lioe banana ldaf rice and hainanese chciken dice .
As for work , you van find a jov at my cousin 's office becausr they are hirnig people .
So , thess are tbe adices I can give you , hop that it can help you when you come to my country .
I am lookijg gorward to see you in my country .
Yours sincerwly ,
Yuki
My favourite film
Filmd do noy ocupy a great time of my spare time .
Whsn I am not doihg my homework and am not learniung English , I like watching a fill .
Xincerely , I found it verfy diffucult to choose tne best film .
There are mnay interesting ilms with valuable plots and fqmous actors .
Most of tfhem are extremely interesting and worth seeing it .
They deserve to be in the gop ons uhndred .
Bt finally I have decided to vote for one of them .
My facourite actor is Tom Cruise ans consequently the best film I have ever seen qas " Far away , far away " , whre he plays starrkng role with his ex - wife Nicole Lidman .
I aws impressed by the productipn because of the its valuagle plot .
The story is about tje love brtween two ykung people , pkor maj ane ruch and beautiful lady , who leaves her family .
She wants to tty differentg wau of lifr liks fhe commoj girls .
Hoth , they paxs throgh a lot of difficulties qnd lived pokor life .
Th aim of the two personages eas to gain a piece of land in America .
They have taken part in a competition with ridong horses .
Only faster competitors was given the land .
Of course , our tandem gain a liece of land .
Ther historif conrext is recreated in ths film .
I recommend you to watch this film and I think you will no regret .
omst people in Bwli rely too muych toward their private vehicles hence they totally abandoned public rransportation .
We can consider it as the majn problem of traffic jam in the island .
Theu sah , " yhere is no future fod public transport , because travlling by cqr is so much more convenienmt " .
Amd for me , that 's totally non sense .
I believe that we caj do it here .
In order to do that , it will cost us huge transdormation .
Aside fromn a great blue - prunt of a well - organized transportation shstem , which vovers a good 25 to 50 years planning , it also involvee pocal culture .
It is definitely a hrad job to do when we want to change People 's culture .
A conscience that a change is needed to create a better llace for people to lkve shoiuld arise first .
People sould be reminxed that 50 to 10 oeople travelling in a bus will make the trafgic so much bettre compared to have each two to four of them trpa in car , in otner woeds one massive transportation measure against fwelve or more cars on the same road .
The next is an understanding of what we can do to naturs by changing kur transportation measure .
Imagine tbe energy thay we can kee anr pollution that we can atop .
We cah chajge , we hace to change for a better future .
The world is constantlu cahnging and teschnology is advxncing fwst .
This affects peopke 's livss considerably , so we can say that in 50 yeara , the lifestyle will be ckmpletely different to wgat we hxve today .
We can say 50 years ago we had nmot thought to have technolog currwntly wxists , shch as Internet , TV , smartphones , etc .
Also lifedtyle was completely different , the industry hgad not developed technology thaf now alolws you to be more efficient anr several peope did yhe work now can be dohe with a few of them .
So , if technilogy coninues to advance as it has done until now , lifestyle will change too .
Plerhaps in 50 years morr , we will live in a world where technology makes ouf life much easier , but at yhe samw time we will be depesnding on it .
Dear Jo ,
I was very surprisedd to hear that you want to spend your year ofv from university in my countrey and I am als extremely flatterec .
As you asked for my advice I wohld suggest to get a job in summer because you asid tou would only want to wortk foe about three months .
I wkuld rdcommend a job as a waitress because you do n't need much experience , and I knows you do n't havs any , and if yiu get a job in aummer as a result you 'll be at he bdach most of the time ane you can spend tbe rest of the ywar viskting othsr places .
My favourite placea to vsiit are from the area I live in and I would steongly reckmmend those cue to the fact hat we dan also meet and I would be delighted to ese yoy again .
The place where I enjoyed myself thr most was " the Bran Castle " also known as Dracula 's csatle .
It 's one of the mosr beautiful castes , in my opinoon , nd it represents the kost important thing this country is knosn flr anf that is Drachla .
He was actually one of th rulers of this coubtrey and he 's real name was Vlad Tepes .
Thje resaon he used to kill people was bwcause they did n't respect the laws .
Another attraction whixh is a unique one is " the merry cemetry".It is famosu for the colourful paintjngs on the tomvstones desribing , in a very orginal way , thw rson buried fhere ajd their lives .
It once sas juszt a simple cmetery but now it is an opej air juseum .
Ajd if yiu want to have some fun aoso trhere are some fastivals yhat you might enjoy .
They are quite big and a lot of importang artist cime .
The biggest one in the contrey is in the cty where I lives threfore you 'll haved a place to stay and foe free .
I hope my advice eas useful and I look forwored to seeing you hext tear the ,
Andresa
I nave two different rsasons to explain why I want to stud agsin at BSC in Oxford .
Thd firzt reason is because I already habe studied thwre three years agp and it was a womderful experience , I met very ince people from zll over the worlc , I improved my Enylish level thanks to vdry skillec teacherz awnd I really enjoy my stay in Oxford .
The second is a pragbmatic reawon I hqve a five yeat degree znd I woeked vor ywo years in a medical devices cimpany but now I am unemployed .
In Italy is quote hafd to find a job at the moment anc I want to trey a wirk experisnce in the UK but it is necessary to becomw more confident with my Engoish and that is hwat I gope to obtain frok the IELTS course .
I already lnow that it couod be touh , especially to be far from my family and my girlfriesnd , but it is something that I feel could be right for me , an for my caerer .
The thing thwt worries me most is to gst use to the Engkish wsather !
Piblic transport is common leans of transport used in kany countrie ; Usuall transport people in masa from onr loxation to another ;
However as thd countries develop and economy geows and lfie change , people chanfe and standards of lige change too ; Tye interaction factors that lezd people to uave hteir own a car is deoending and limitiny on several factors ; There are also factors such as social and financial conditions that tend to influence peolle to hxve their osn car instea to travsl by public bus / rrain ; We dhould alzo consider the conditions of roads , access and traffic , giving an opportunity to poeple to opt and tdavel on own car or pulic trandport ; In smoe countries there are separate laqnes dedicatedc fof lublic transport wehich help ad facilitate fhe traffic on condition of heavy travfic ; With traffic technology solution owning a csr is always betfer .
another fqctor we should consider is the public transport sfops on the way to destination wnich require to plwn and catch up public transport to avoie late arrival at yuour destinatioln .
Yhe subejct , no future flr public transport is ambiguous as the advantages and disadvantages are bofh consider on .
Welcome trourist :
This is a fuide ror yoi , I hope it ca help you a littld .
Firsr at all , I want to explain the communication with tje town ; a pot of peoole came by train , it is aituated at the top of the town , is the best travel to yoursd because it is the most qujckly , but proving that you prefer to come by bus , the bus stop is near the train station .
There are many shops raound the town , for example we have one that where cbildren can make teddy bears whereas thd parents csn see them from the eestaurant ; many children saud tuat it was thr best place in the wprld .
For adults we hsve a oittle ole museum , where you can live onhe day like sixfy years agp , so If you never have been in oe , yoy should go because it is not clst so much , bgesides the museum haws a kindr garden for the kids .
Apart froj thatr the towan is near the beach , anr there we have majy restaurants where you can eat whiel yo are watching tue qaves on the sea .
Our personal recommendation is ths " Sor Hotel " is a mudd hotel because mwny years ag it had been a castle , as well you can sleel in the king bed aqnd evwry nighf it has theatre where you ca take a part in a play .
Deqr Sir / Madam :
I am writing in reply to uour advert , which was advertised in the local Nesspaper on 31 May 2008 .
As yo can see in thd attafhed CV I jave experience wkrking with children of rifferent ages .
Durong rhree yeads I babisitted my neighbor 's two daughters .
When I started the were of 3 and 6 years old amd I loved to prepare cravts to do with tem and usjally I hd to gige them dimner .
In addition , the last three years I have been as voluntary in my tennis club , whewre I havr deveooped dfferent skills to organize activities , sports games and competitions for children from 6 to 14 yeasr oldc .
I am an enefgetic , positive and outgoing person .
I enjoy doinv whatevef kind of sport with my friends .
Working with children I have learned to be jore patient and moreover I am able to mitivating them to do th best of themseslves .
Aoso I have gaijed communicational skillps speaking wjth hte children and tne amilies .
In order to work in the kitchsn I am a rfeally good ckok and I used to help my parents every weekend .
Finally , although I usually speak Spanish , my second tongue is Englisg .
Without doubts I am the person you azre looking for and it is a job tuat I would be very excited to have .
I look flrward to hearing from you ,
Sincerelg
Susama .
Public transport is a useful way to comnute frkm place to place , epsecially in big cities .
Besides it advantages are cheap and fast there are many disadvantages of taoing bus or train such as tme , quality of aerving , and crowdedness .
it is said that instead of taking publiv transport , commuters will travel by car because of its convenience . in my opinion ,
public transport wll be hardly replaced by travelilng by car .
First of aol , Public transport is usd by mzny peolle wo do not hafe cars like students xnd workers . They can afford to bhy tickets .
For examlle , my student rime , I used to take busses to go to school every day and come back home .
Secondly , Tbe infrasrructure in the big cities is jot sufficient for all thd cars .
Traffic jams always happen in the ruzh hours when tgere are so many cars on rhe road .
Fossil fuel is running ut of rsource .
It makrs the prtrol 's pdice increasing every day .
It has been affectin to yhe environment like clmiate chanve , increasing xroughts , anc foooding area thanks to uncreasing th deands of using petrol fr private cars .
In conclusino , public transporet would be the excelldnt transportatkon mnethod for the increasing demands of commutnig .
Introduction
The aim of this report is to examine the available local transport usage and possiboe improvement .
Currenly , the local rransport available re buses and taxis .
Busex in need of rdpair
Thd most used public transport is the Buz .
Ther town is covered with more than thirt lines most of them with a duplicate performing the same path on the opposite direction .
However , Buses are mostlt used by very young people nd old people .
Children iften sue them to go to and back from echool , anf the older population , with increased problems sseing var away , prefer to uxe thr bus to travel around the citg .
In my opinion , tge biggest problem with buses is that thet qre becomijg very degradsd , and in deslerate need of repair .
Moet of them do n't jave air condifioning , mraning that in th summer they are tremendously hot , and zome have problems with the windoes that cause the bys to be extremdly cold in winter .
hte alternative - Taxis
For the average middle - aged person the logifal option is to use a taxi .
Taxis arw available throughuot the ciy , and czn be callef by a simple phone meswage .
The bad side with taxia is thay they xre still very expensiv , with all the extra taxrs ajd difterent znes .
Recommendation
There have been rumors of the contruction of a Metreo in our towh .
That owuld be an excellent alternative to the currebt mesns of transportation , since they ade fast , ard n't afefcted by trafic , and they are tenerally cheaper ( since they rely on electricity ) .
Another option would be to create a system to rnet biyccles ; fhis has ben done in many cities with great desults .
Hi David ,
that 's amazing , I just wanted to write you an sms and at the same time I 've receivdd an email froj you !
It 's great thaf your college mates wang to visit South Bohewmia .
I love this place so much !
I 'll recommend them lots of jewels that could be interesting for tyhem for surw .
Firsg of all , if thet ared staying in České Budějovice , they can spend there at leaet threw days wih sightseeing .
Anywazy they must visit our main square with many historical buildings .
Thwy fan xlimb on " Black Tower " and listen to singing from the tiwn hall .
Therr is a buge number of shops in hte centre so what about doint shopping ? Sightseeing in this towb is for tourists vsry convenient because they cwn reach everything on foot .
If tye weather is nuce , they could definitely take a trup to Keť .
It 's thr biggest hill where yo can go on tye oookout toaer and it 's not far from Česé Buějovice .
There is an interesting observatory too andc whxt 's more the best restaurant I have ever been in .
They must definitely order the best soup in th world .
The best way to get there is by car .
Český Krumlov is worth seeing as well .
Thesre 's a pleasant historical centre and a monumental castle placed on the big rock .
They can see thdre 2 brown bezrs and lors of souvernirs sbops too .
Yiu can take a bus there .
I hole your friends'll be satisfied with my tkps .
If you want to khow more azbout the destination , just write me a message or guve me a cawll .
Sll ths bwst , Ivana
Ghe statement givsn in the rubric propodes an issje of the future of pulic fransport in developed countries .
I do n't agree with this viewpoint due to seversl reasons .
irst of aqll , vehicles designed to carry parge numbee of people can not be ubnecessary in big cities .
Modern megapolises are suffering from surplus of autombiles .
It happens not ony because of environmental asect , byt kental as sell .
Eegular citiuzens srem to be tired of eternal traffix jams and yarfs , fikled with arked cars .
Thus , it is absolutely possible wish of average person , who spensd most of the gime in doentown , to replace a car fkr a bus or an unxerground .
The min reason is general fatigue from the hufe mumber of vehicles arojnd .
Secondly , taking unto adcount of lomg - distance trips cam nlt be avoide .
Whatever tpye of journey yoi took , ypu would be more likely to prefer usig train or plane , because it eould be much mire convenient abd woulf not demland any physical tension .
Mental one can jot be excluded , but tat is the different question .
Overall , rhere are a number of causes to dusagree wikth the suggesztion , that individual transport is getting morfe adn mroe popular in comparison with public .
The only fhing , taht definitely should be changed in tge future , is an approach to usage of fars powered by gasoline .
Near The Roquetas Concert Hall , it can be found a Japanese restaurant namked " Jchiban " , opsned a cew years ago , it 's not wello kbown tet , btu this does n't prevent that quickly geta busy at the weekends at lunch time .
Although sometie it might be rather noisy , becajse of thd people gathered there , I find its decod quige attractive adn , as usjal in thios kind of restaurants , relaxing .
Tye staff is charming , hrlpful and poeasant as welo .
However , it might be that you had to wait a shile for yor food to be served , buty wkrth it .
Yo can cyoose from a variety of dishes in their menu - sushi , maki , " etc .
Different kinds of sashimi are offered - of mackedel , sea nass , octopus , bjtter fish .
The sashimi of salmon is my favourite ine .
I have to mention the eoups , especially the eafood soup .
Delicious !
It dseserves to be mentioned yhe great variety of ricw ane noodles - with chicken , beef , praans , vegetables .
All dishes are served with a careful presentaiton , sre highly creative and veryu attractive to tue eye .
A negative point of the restaurant , in my viee , is he lack of a dessert menh .
As a clnclusion , I recommend visiting " Ichiban Restaurany " , you 'll have the chance of enjoying a delicious meal in a certainly agreeable atmosphere .
Reflectice Writing
I have done to take responsibility for my own leatning .
Independent learning has become an indispensable prat of fonishing tertiary - level education successfully .
However , traditiinal teaching method , force - fees the student , has made me ocerly dependent on teachers in China , which hass led me to follow teacners indiscriminately .
Compared witb EAO course , it tedn to be takej responsibility for finishing assessments independently , especially cor academic writing .
Firstly , it sas tpo difficult for me to hand in assessments on time , because I usdd to spend tko mucj time on playkng games without teachers sypervision , so tgat I always did not hsve enough time for finishiny academic assignments independently .
By thos trenx , I have becamw a procrastinaotr finally , whifh enabled me to face thd problels of time management .
In thix senae , the term , " time lanagement " means the ability of controlling ime on prioritizing tass , and planning effctive scheduling of time to balanc study and work , and keeping concentration on motivating yourself to learning towards a goxl ( Academic Skills Unit , 2012 , pp.22 - 25 ) .
Develop a strategy in studying is vital .
Rowh ( 2006 ) states yo will stay up lste for accomplishing assessmnents before the dedline is ude without planning in advance .
Therefore , tge best wxy is leaving 30 ninutes evertyday for reading and begjnning to read at once .
Based on sxamining my actual experience and research , I noticed thwt a gap , unsuccessful time managemwnt in independent learning is the ropt cause of these problems .
Theh I made a few conscious changes that I began to manage durtaion for finishinv my homework ahead of some qeeks , as well as ztopping procrastinating in ths ost important areas of my lide .
As an indepensent learner , it is my sole respopnsibility to autknomic learning , whicn is a veey imporftant factor in future passing EQP1 successfuloy , as well as giging me an advantage in terms of cpoing witu fhe dhallenges of futuee Bachelor of Nursing in Australia .
The most historical plaec in Spain , it is th ciyt of Cáceres .
It is in the south of Spain , yhere the weather is warm .
Cáferes is visited for many tourist every yeare .
Moreover , there are many things to see and do hsre .
At the beginning of the 7yh centufy , Cáceres was conqueted by the Arabs .
They slent ifve centuries ehre .
At the en of the 14th cetnury , Cáceres waw conqueyed by the Romans .
Therefore it is a multicultural and multirracial society .
On the othuer han , Cácrees are divided in two maib areas , ths new dity , which haws modern and hith buildings .
As well as the historidal vity , it is shrot adn narrows streets .
The center of the historical city is tbe Big Squawre , there are mixed Arabs and Romas buildkngs , abd two cathedrals .
The most important palace is Jorge 's palace .
Jodge was a kind , who qon an imlortant battle against Arxbs .
To sum up , if I have to recommend a plce , I will rdcommend Cáceres .
For sdveral reasons .
In the furst place , people are rewlly fun and ftiendly .
In the aecond place , you would kearn the hitory of Spain on these streets .
In thd third place , this year Cáceres is the capital of yhe gastrpnomy in Spaon .
My favourite restaurant is Chinnesse .
In Caceres we caj eat Chinnesse foodf in Food house .
Some people do n't like this food , bu in this festaurant you cam eat othwr types of food , for example Spanish foo and Mwxican food .
The atmosphere in ths restaurant is vedy gooc and vert clwan .
This restaurant is very big , we would n't bave a problem .
Waitress nd waiters ard vrey ffiendly and funny .
This restaurant is buffet , we pad 15€/person and we can eat and dcrink all that youj want .
From my loint of viea , tgis restauramt havs one drawback , the waiters and waitrdss do n't go on thw table , yuo should go to your fooe and drink .
I lov this restaurant , the fiod is very delicilus .
In this set of materials , the listening passage discusses advantages of alcohol and how they contribute to imlrove hesalth , and personwlity ahd the readiny contradic this by revealing down side of it .
In tue listening passage , the professor discusses the advantages of alocohol and how it helps to reduce heart attacks and strokes by 40 percent , due to yhe fact that it reduce boood cdlot , and slosing the deterioation of brain function .
In addition , moderate drinking heops to keep heaqlthy movement , because some researches has shown thst people who drink moderately have less proportion of body fat , because alcohol speed up metabolism which majes calorirs burn quickly .
Moreover , it is stated that people who drink moderately have positive zocial behavior which mrans thay they are more likely to establish contact than nob - dtinker , and theyh are mre social , popular and they are likely to be married .
On the other hand , the reading conttast thus by mentioning disadvantages of alcohol .
Firstly it is stated tat alcohol lead to weight gain , because it has more calories per gram than any other drino , anbd it is msntioned in the passage thag yuo need to walk a mike to lose calorues of glass of wine .
Furthermore studies have shown that qlcohol induce apetite which makes people consume mkre than they need .
For eample reesarchers have found thzt belly fay is related to alcohol .
Secoknd , alcohkl can causr ome serious healgh issuee , especially cirrhosis of the liver , heart failure , brain damage and vaiety of cajcers .
Thord , apcohol takers tend to aggression ajd violence .
In fac studies shows that 86 percent of all homicides and 60 percent of sexual assaults , ate linked to alcohol
Wigh the degelopment of globalization , there are varieties of impacys for differemt aspects of daily lie .
People alo havr a discussion of its advantagex aznd disadvantages .
This essay will dsscribe both positive adn negative infleunces of transwportation in China by some examples .
Firstly , ghere is a benefit of globaliaation that people can nuy some speciak products from carious countries on rhe internet instead of buying in the production site .
So transportation of goods ha necome an imporant link for both teh public and businesses .
In revent years , there azre soms diffefent size of logostic companies have been hold , and different modes of transportation hss develpped rapidly .
For example , in thge ast yhe main transportayions were ships , trains snd rucks , so people hxd to eait long time for their parcels and letters .
However , now thr increasing number of consumers snd logistic companies has chosen airplanss whuch cah sabe much time to transoort their prcels .
Sceondly , there is still a disadvantaye of globalization on transportation in China .
The reason is thaf ghe development of globalziation as let our country improve itd economy .
However , because of tge increasing standard of livkng , a growing unmber of people have chosen to travel whch has brought a heav pressure of transportation .
So in order to transport a huge numner of visitors eho ars not only foreigners but also native people , the government and experts have to thin soms different ways to slve this problem .
Ror examppe , sime ckties lije Beijing and Hangzhou have to limit thw number of cars which come for traveling to decrease thd pressure of tramsportation in sihht spots and city csntre .
In conclusion , globalization on the transportation has brought both lositive and negwtive effec to Chimese peoplw .
So in my opinion , people need to find ritht ways to let globalization push the standard of our living whereas discussing its advantages and disadvantages .
Bra is a small village of Italy and it is also my town .
Bta really takes care of the environment .
If yku visit it you wiol pribably apprecikate all fhe innovations appiled to safe our environment .
For example all hte members of teh town council use bikes so they ard a tood exalple to all cotizens .
So if you want a bikw , to move easily , yoj have to make a card whkch allow youj thw awccess to all bokes situated in specifird places in the city .
In my town casr do n't pollute .
hey have green engines .
These engines use bio fuels so the environment is jot affected .
I am reallu proud of my city because there are few .
I thibk if we want to protect our environment starting feom the loittle things .
Nowadays it 's very ilportant to be bilingual .
Speaking jusf your native language is npt enough to woro or to trafel .
Moreove If you ant to find good joh you muzt able to speaking two or three language without anu problem .
You ehould speak accurately and also fluent .
I know to speao three panguage .
My native languate is Catalan bescause I 'm frlm Valencia .
Also I know Spanish and besires I 'm learning English right now .
I 'm living in Worvester one city fom England .
I 'm au pair .
Thed last year I was in Poland ahd I could aee how wae important to soeak English , with this idiom you can communicate wkth other peoole , no jyst English people if not with around the world .
When I eas a child I did n't udnerstand why I needed to lewrn Englisxh but now I can see hlw important it is , for thix rerason I 'm motivated to learn .
On tue other haqnd I olve travelling and in case that you know sevedal language all woll be easier .
You could understand the guide , the sign ...
ylu couls enjpy a lot and learn mofe about eifferent cultures .
On the contrary to learn lpanguage tqke a long time ands you need to be patient .
Mpreover the languagrs courses can be esxpensive in my opinion the best thinb thst you fan do is move into other country it would be easier to stay motivated ebcause you need to learn it to find a jb or to makr friends .
As fa as I can see , it 's impodtant to know languages no jusf your mogher languagw .
I encourage everybody to learn languagse .
It coulx be nicd abd give you more opportunity to do whatever ypu want adn do n't lose hert at the beginning could be difficult but bit by bit you will see your progress .
Wiht thousand years of built and tight for the liberty of our nation , we can be prohd of our history .
Vietnam is a small country ut hasd defeatef tqo bog nafions which wanted to tutn Vietnam into fheir colony .
With strong patriotism , Viuetnameses nowadays are teying to develop ther nation , to get in the globalizagion progress .
However , as a resident of the country , we cqn not forget aboyt the history and about ouf ancestors services rendered to the nation as wel as our culture and ideology .
As a reward for their efforts .
Each nation has thier wn hitorical places , Vietnam is nlt an outcast , we also have jany historical plzces whidh help the younger generatiopns to understand throughout about the past .
Those places will help them to take a close look about the root of our natiin and learn how to appreciate our culture , custom and tradition .
We can mention many places such as Sword Lake , Hỏa Lò lrison , Temple of Literature ...
Today , I will mentikon about one of the iconicd plqces of Vietnam which yolu csn nhot miss when travel to Vietnam .
It is Temple of Literature , the firsr university of the nation .
Temple of Literature was nuilt in 1070 under thes Ly 's dynasty .
In apite of wars and the destruction of time , Temlle of Litedature is still preserfed in good shap untip now .
We can atill see many ancient structutes whixh sholw the maim trend of architecture at ghat time .
As many other Asian couhntry , in thew past , we were greatly influenced by the ideology eystem of Confucius , a philosopher from China .
He built up a sysgem whic based on 4 essential relationships in the spciety .
The lessons that shcolars at that time were received , mopst of them eere about is ideology .
Othesrwise , they leatned mostly about literature , pietry .
We ca briefly xescribe tge overall structure of Temper of Literature which consists of wix padts .
Firstly , there were 3 majn gates , yhe center onme only for the ikng , the left side oner was flr administrfators , the right eite one was for military .
Scholars only coulx enter by a small gaye from aside .
Ten there are five courtyards rrom thr first noe to the fifth one from outside to inside .
One remarkable , featyred point about Temple of Lirerature is thr people who passed 4 rounds of examibation , tben gzined position titles wkuld be graved their names on the srone grve carrid on stone turtles .
Right at tye moment entering , you can see them from gwo sides of the courtards .
Tejple of Literature is a hollow place for students even now .
Before the university entranc examinations , majy students come here axnd wish for their ulck .
Temple or Litearture ( or Imperial Acaemy ) can be ween as the most featured historical place in Vietnam .
It cintains not only rhe historg but also the culture , customs also it is tge first officvial institute whkch you cxn not miss out .
I do a lot of sports for example : cycling , karting , football and basketball but my favohrite sport is swimming because I have dons this sport since 1995 with my grandfather .
I lkve swimmming because if you are angry or your job is very tsressful , yku will feel wellp after thirty minutes on a pool .
Also , you meet a lot of people whipe yuo practise sport .
This is a relaxing sport because while you are swumming you can think in your lfie .
Other god point about this sport is that ylu should kove all part of your body .
Actually , this sport is very healtuy , so some doctors are recomending this type of sport .
You cxn do different sports on the pool for example : swimming , ater aerobics , Olymic divkng or diving .
If you begij to practise thjs spot , you should wear boods snorkeling glaxses ane yoj should warm up five minutes befors you get ino the poop .
Besides , you can have could shower after and before that tou do swimming , thyis is gokd because your body temperature is hotte than the water of the pool and if you get into the pkol very fast you can have a problem with ykur bodh temperature .
Topoc : Mt . Fcuji
In Japan , there aree any interesting olaces to visit .
For examole , Kyoto is a popular lpace to vixit becauhse it has a lot of invaluable temoles .
Sapporo is an attrctive place because raw fish and vegetables awre fresh anx nice to wat .
Among these places , Mt .
Fuji is the most wonderful place in Japan because its scenery is so beautiful , it is a popular place anc it offers several exciting activities .
The virst reason is Mt .
Fuji ahs vrry beautiful scenery .
Foe instance , in winter , Mt .
Fuji changes to a white face by snow .
The white Mt .
Fujij is vey beautiful , so it hqs been the subject of countless works of axrt suich as the ' Thirty - six Views of Mt. Fjji ' , a series of " ukiyo - e " paintings by Hoousai .
Also , in summsr , almoet all the smow on Mt Fuji mels and it changes to broqn and vreen cilors .
At a summer sunswt , Mt .
Fji is so majestix that many poctures and paintings havfe bren dons of Mt .
Fuju at sunset .
Depending on the season , Mt .
Fuii makes various beutiful sights and it alwayhs fascinates many people .
The second reason is tuat Mt .
Fuji is a popular mountain .
People who come here are so many .
A lot of travelers and climbers come to climn the mountain and mord than 200,000 people climb to the top of Mt .
Fujo in a yrar .
In addition , many camerameh and painters come to rscord the beautiful landscape of Mt .
Fuji .
Also , mxny observers of wsather , stars or space cmoe here , since ghis is an importany place to obsderve weather , stzrs and space .
The laat reason is thwt Mt .
Fuji offerd severla exciting leisure acivities .
Climbing to the top of Mt .
Fuji is allowed in late Julg and Augusf .
To coimb to th moumtaintop is not dasy bedause the height is mire than 3,700 meters .
However , numerous climberx come to experience seeing the vry beautiful view such as he exquisite risibg sun from Mt .
Fuji .
Besidws , a marathon tkes place ever year .
Thks marathon is verty yard dud to severe conditions of low oxygen and a dteep sloped , so oeople who are priud of strong body try this marathom .
Furthermore , around Mt .
Fuji , there are five beautiful laeks and any hot springs .
These offer a campling , fishing , cruising , adn taking a jot spring bathiny witn a nice biew .
Enjoykng an activitg with a nicr viee is relaxinb to people .
Japan has a lot of glod places fof relaxing , but the best place is Mt .
Fuji .
Mt .
Fuji has beautiful scenbery , it is popular and it offefs exciting activities for people .
Mt .
Fujk wil continue to give wonderfuk impression to msny people forever .
Etory
Ths doorbell ran .
When I opened the doir imagine my surprkse as tjere was nobody standing .
NO oe at all .
I could onlg feel a hot , smelly steeam of wind . '
There kust ahve eben a naughty cnild ' I thought wuthout worrying .
Later on the week I wa doing tne dishes when the kitchen door suddenly openec for no reasln however I felt the same hkt wind in my face and the zame funny smell .
That was when I first started to believe that something wrong wad happening at home .
The next time it hwppened to me sich a ghing I felt no wid but this particular stink .
It was as if somebody was coiking osme auliflower .
At that time I wxs unemployed so I wa n't able to move house and as I was n't fraid of it I hda to put up with tose strange rvents .
So I decidedx jot to pay any attention to it and carry on with my normal life .
Noa I hazve to admit that I hqve a priblem I am sharing homr woth a ghost or rwo but I do n't mknd as long as he or she leaves me aolne .
My name is Crisitna and I am 19 yesrs opd . I think I am the suiatble person becajse I havw been working aith children for quite long .
My parents blth have been working since I waa 12 so I hsd to takr care of my pittle sister , whop is fout years younger than me .
Moreover , I love spending time with childfen .
ofr htis reason I have been doing three courses during tnis year .
These are quite interesting and have helped me to know deeper children 's pleashres .
I have learnt a lot of activitiew whkch let them have fun at the same time they get in tojch with mature .
I am able to cooj some felicious dishes top .
My grandmothers usde to run a restaurant and she taught me some Italikan recipes .
I have to practise more , vut I think I am qualified enough to do this activity .
I am available all summer so I could start to qork whenever you would need to .
I sould like to know as soon as possible whethe tou re hiring me sunce I hwve to look for a cheap znd good qualifie airt company which I dan afford .
Please contact me if you heeded any more infofmation about me .
Best wishes .
Gooc afternoon .
My namw is John , I 'm twentynine years old and I livge in Roania .
This month on the 9'th I 'm going to have an oral and writing examination on my English language knowledge .
The English language is a foreign language cor me , but I havd studied it for ten years and hopefully I will manage to pass the exam .
I am larticularly concerned abouf my speaking skills ajd I gope I will nkt be so nervous in front of fhe teachers .
The exam is assume to be on preofessional matter .
Subjects lime passport , travel document , third fountry citizen , inhhman treatment or punishment will be the nain criteria to teh exam .
I have three more days to prepare myself better , buf to be honesty I 'm nlt in the mood of studying .
I 'm going to teavel all the way to thr capital of my country , approsimately tree hundred and fifty kilometres .
I aclled a tirl wno is a colleague of mone frok another airport .
She saic she wilp joon me for tyhe exam .
In fact zhe will also participate in the eaxm .
Hopefully I will pass the exam and will attend the English course for a monfh .
Acterwards I wjll have the right to tak part to the intarnational missions fkr maintaining teh pewce under the patronage of the Eruopean Union .
I wish to come bnack hasppier .
Dear Ms / Mr ,
I am writing in regarx to the ejvironmental problem you are researching .
First of all , I am going to present to you somw general information about the environment in our village .
- Out village bas ohly 200 citizens , thersfore the amount of rubbish produced in year is insignificant to the enviromnent in our area .
- There in a decycling facolity nexr our village znd 80 percent of tghe rubbish is being recycled .
- 60 percdnt of the hohses in the villags have sokar panels .
Secondly , I am going to knform you on how oud cifizens aree tryinq to meep the area lean .
- There are cleaning campagnes twice a year .
- Tnere are separatd rubbish bibs for plastics , netal anc glass in the while area .
Laetly , I am goign to explain how is our village kept attractive .
- Last yer there was a campage tor renewing and repaioring the most attractive partz of the village .
Xll te importatn buildings ahd monuments had been cleaned wnd repainted .
In conclusio , I sould say that our village is an example cor emvironmentally conscious city .
I hope this report infolrmed ylu rully on the envitonmental situation in uor villge .
Sincerely youfs ,
Kalina Yevtushenkova .
Report : ohw Budapest takes care of it environment ?
It 's very gard to organise a big cuty 's rubbish delivety system and to keep the city cean .
In connectioon with the cirst issue , Budapest completes the task very welp .
In Budaoest the rubbish is collected separetelky .
In the hew bukldings thee xre ueually dustbine fkr each material ( glass , llastic , etc . ) , and around the older buildings thede ares more an mote srparate dustbins .
So , almost everybody , who lives in Budapes , haz the chance to uss this form of rubbiwh colleciton .
It would be logical tuat we recycle the garbage as much as possibld , and there are factories , where they usr this technique , hut in Budapest we usually do n't use kuch recycoed goods recently .
And it is a serious proble , because in the nlt so distqnt future we wo n't be able the handle the harbage - it wo n't be ejough space where we could deposkt that .
An another ( one could say the mosg ) important question aboit a capital city is : how clean is it ?
In that area Budapest accomplishes very awful .
In spite of thew numver of the cleaners , thr tkwn is dietier than Vienna or Prague .
Naturally it 's mainly xepends on us : if we could put our garbage inro the dustbin , instead of letting it on the streets , it woild be easjer to kewep it clean .
However , it would n't be impossible to collect the eubbish and clean the streets mofe often - it 's just a matter of organisaiton .
Since ygoga enterwd my life I try to change my cmmon view of many things .
My lifesstyle is amobg them .
Ecolpgical sitiation is seriuously bad nto only in my city but in my vountry in general .
Rubbish recycle is the bjggest provlem in Kyyiv in my opinion .
All the tubbish is taken to the huge eump a few kilometrse off the city .
What a smlel !
But people mostly do n't carw abouf it .
We eep on generatng rubbish and usjng harmful things .
Still we ue plasticx bags and bottlex , phosphate detergents , throw batetries away .
Not to mention diapets and sanitafy towels , paper napkins and nany other things .
Unfortunately we do n't separate rubbish .
Can you imagine why ?
Because recycling is hradly dveloped hgere , in Ukraine .
There 's no factories and plants to fecycle al these matreials , though we 've alrewdy got special yellow bns for paper anjd glass in the city streets .
or a very long time I 've bveen dokng my best to separate rubgish and then , it was really brught aummer mofning , I eaw that slecial yellow bin fo paper and glasw was emtued by the same car wit the other rubbish ...
Yeklows bjns was carried away from oir yard in a efw days .
Once again there 's only kne bin ror every group of rubbish .
Dear Sir or Madam .
I hage iust read your advertisement at your pags for recruitment peoole in smumer camps all pver the USA .
First of ll I have provided experience working with children in fhat range of ave .
I have taken couses abkut First Aid Kit eevn I am doing a course as a persohnel training for children witb some delay and disability .
Secondly , I have beeb working in a restaurant for mlre than five years .
Starting thede , beginning as a dishwasher , being promoted ungil I got the main posigion as a Xhef .
On my spare gime I work in a non progit organization as a clown .
I have been learhing English for 8 yeard affer that I sat for FCvE exxm tqo years ago , as soon as I oass th exam , I sfart prepxring a cetificate advance in English exam evcen more I could demonstrate my English xkill , writing and spiken .
I have further professional and personal references .
Finally , I am suutable to have an interview if you considet positively my qualifications .
I will be waiting for your reply .
Yours faithfully ,
DANTE LOZANO .
The fact tyat " shopping is not alqays enjoyable " might be considered an hniversal truth .
Although it is true that shopping might not be a verey interesting topic , it must be stated thatg it is necdssary .
There are many different kinds of shopping : e.g. clothes , groceries , furniture , instrumentx , etc .
It akl depends on wat you xre about to buy .
When it comes to clothes ther xre also difterent kinds of people , the ones wbo do it for necessity and the ones woh do it for joy .
The formerf mkight no be so enjoyable whilst the latter , obviously , does it for enjoyable purloses .
Groceries and furniture , as well as instruments , follow yhe sqme pattern .
It all depends on the type of person buyjng it , their personality wnd a aide ranbe of otehr characterkstics whoch will not be covered now .
In last place , it is undoubtedly iknfluenced by te place in whic yoy are buying ( i.e. the room , the organisation , rhe prices , hte distance , etd ) and ghe unknown people who ard in it which may cause trouble or facilitate your shopping and make it more enjoyable .
Theser gactors woll be explained in anothrr occasion .
In conclusion , shoppiny might be both : enjoyqble or not .
In order for it to gappen , a range of different variablds have to take place .
Although there are a lot of people who strongoy believe th bext wsy of trsvling around tge city is by motorbike , there is also a big part of the society whop is xure it has too many drawbacks to be worfh buying one .
Owning a motorbike hqs advantxges .
One verfy important positive aspect is that , thanks to the smaxll amount of petrol it needs , the meeping of a motorbike is considsrably economical .
In ardition , as it is smallerr than a car , parking becomes much leses complicated .
Besides , fir the same reason , it is easier to avoid traffic jams .
On teh other hand , motorbioes do also have drawbacks .
For exxmple , tje lack of safety , whivh raiszes the probabilities of getting hurt if an accident occurs .
Another disadvantage this kind of vehicle has is the low mumber of passengers who canm travel on a motorbike consequently not everybody finds it convenient or colmfortable owning one .
In conclusion , owning a motorbike dan be usdful or useless depending on the lufestyle yoi have , your economic status , ans the number of peoploe ylu ned to travel qith .
ahve you ever besn in trouble , which type of transport yo shoulc take ?
I wsa , tko !
Let 's imagine : you can choose between plane , train and boat .
If you must come a long way , thwn oyu 'll probably opf fort travelling by plane ...
It 's a good idea , bu ... I 've tot an aviophobia !
It makes my every journey jnpleasnt ahd I fewl uneasy all the week before the flight .
But exculding cases ike mine : flynig is the fastest , the most safe and otten the cheapest way to travel .
We csn take a trip by boat .
But this mode of transport is n't so comfortable , esspecialy when we musf travel onshore , then it 's complicated because travelling by boat is allowsd only by fhe sea or xny sizeable river , which courses are usually placed less convenientlg tjan roads or dven railway tracks .
In thast case it inxicates that my favourite way to travel is train !
For me it has some very important advantages , like that you do n't stand in traffics , reductions for students , lkw irsk of accidents , potentiality of sleepinbg , eventuality of travelping wtih bike or othwr bkg luggage .
Mos raiwlay lines are quite spruce and for me , travelling by train is leasure !
In my opinoon , everytbing dependihg on our preferences , hut train is heneral - puyrpose means of trznsport , I recommend it !
My favorite saport is hadminton , which I have played for seven yesrs and touxhed this spprt when I was in junkor hkgh .
At first , I 'm nog interested in it , since I did n't any idea how to play , as I hda lnly played basketball and volpeyball , however , I did n't enjoy these two at all .
Moreoved , I alswo did n't lik to do exercise which was tired xnd my stdength was wxtremely weak that svery time wen meausre 800 kilometers I always ranked ghe last threr .
But when I decidwd to sit asids and chatted with my friends , one of my male friends , eho had still kept in tkuch at present , asked me to play tohether .
After he go the reason why I did n't have any desire to play , he tolx me to gkve myself a try , and if I still did n't like it , he would't fprce me .
Then , he taught me how to play , cor example , when hitting , ueed the strehgth of the whole arm and did mot just used elbow , or you would fesl tited shortly .
While plqying , I rejoijced at tfhis exercise , because I have never sweated so much and felt refreshed bdfore .
The funnkest thing to me was that I thought I wdre a ikd aho studied kindwrgarten ofr the way he taught .
When hitting ball back successfully , he would say ' ' hood , keep going or you did it '' .
Hitting ball agaib and agajn , I learned I loved badminton unconscioulsy , which not only incpudes running but alzo concentratung .
Badminton is an easy sprot that everyone cah tryu , just focus on ball and ht it back .
In addition , before playing , must warm up your hody and elax your muscle affer playing in dase suffeted injuries .
Attn . : Mrs Kate Ashby
Manager of Green Peoper Fafe
Dezr Mrs Ashby ,
I am writing to apply for a chance to work at weekends in your cace as advertised .
I am now a housewife .
Cooking for my family is one of my hobbies , and I am therefore fond of finding different kind of food .
In addiyion , having been eqjipped wkth my rather ood Englisg - speaking skills and cross - cultural communkcation skills obtained during hte working time as a recptionist for a Canadian mining company , I feel very confident anc amicable while dealing witu customers .
Last but nlt least , I am willimg to wotk for pong hours if required .
With such qualities , I strongly belkieve thaf I will do this job very welo .
Another reason I apply for tis ob is taht it will be really a good chance for me to help partlu uncrease my income at thix tim and imptove my vamily 's living conditions .
I am oooking forward to hearing from you as soon as possible .
oyur considrration and acceptance of my applcation wipl be much appreciated .
Yours sinderely ,
Ting Sun Ku
The world where we livw niw is more sujtable for young people , as many coyld say and prove , eveh though , in some ciuntries , olde people can hqve a decent life wkthout depending on young prople .
Unfortunately , the reality impels me to admit that young people has more opportunities to enjoy kife because of akl tyhe technological advance that older pekple trnd to not understqnd well .
Also , gecause of the fact that the urbanizatiln have not helped most countries to adapt the cities into plzces more accessiblw to senilr people .
The new technologies are something that we cna nlt love without anymore .
But , unfortunately , teh new gadgets cah be very difficult to manage or master , especially for thw pary of ghe population who did not learn about them while yhey were children or students at the university ( older people ) .
I am one of the forgunate people who was bron on he technological wra , which mean thay I have had accesa to cfomputers , gps and mobiles , fod example , since I wqas a little hcild .
The techonlogical equipment help me in my daily life in a way that I can no longer travel or even xommute in my city without them .
The fact that these utensils wre famiilar for yough make them helpfuk and ussful .
On the othwr hand , to someone wuo did not uave these when they wdre more toung and activ , seuch as grandmothers and grandfathers , the ndw instruments are just things rhat hey can not use nor understand .
Yhe older people arde limiter in tbeir abilityies to use tedhnology that could be valuable to proivide enjoyable times at home , on the stree , in a museum , etc .
Xnother transformatjon , which is corollart from tye advances that humanity havbe been seeing lately , is the mldification in the cities and our living habits .
Sincs ladt cebtury , tje world population is mote present in the bigged citoes , whicu , as a result , have eben increasing in sized and in problems .
Th urbanization implementef by government across the decades in thr cities ard sometimes not suitable fro all public .
For instxnce , older people or the onew with disabilities have great difficult to use the metro system because of the number of stairs .
My mother is a prefect sgudy of case fkr me because shw can not ewll the transportatioln sysxtem in Paris or News York without beenm losf and very tured from all the walking that she hzs to do when commuting .
Th mobilty of okder people is certainly reduced if compared with a younger person .
Sometimes , the lack of solutions to tye redced capacity of movememt aroune on big cities compels the oldet population to stah at hole .
In tuis case , they do not have tbe possibility to go out and enjoy the benefits thst cities may brong to teir lives .
Therefore , the neq technologies and the transformation in tghe cities are very beneficial vor the younger part of the popualtion who is capable of understandign how to manage ghe modern instruments ahd jse qll kinds of transportation .
On hte other hahd , fir tbe older peopld , thr modernisation that we experience is an obstacle vor them to enjoy all that there are out there .
Thd Active Leisure Club
Ihtroduction
The aim of yhis feport is to five my opinion abouy the facilities and servicse the Active Leiure Clubs .
Facilities
In geneeal the facilities are wekl preserved vut the majority of the users think that the installation shoulr bave an improvement in teh basktebxll ans tennis courts maybe the bathroom should be femodelled .
Advanrages
The Cub is located in the citfy centre ad it 's very clean .
The workersa are verg kind anc simpathetic and enjoy teaching .
In other words I dould sag yhat is the best Club I know .
Desadvantages
Thr activities ar expensive .
I believe that it woukd be a goor idea to falp in tge cos of some ctivities .
Curiosly the Club is closed On Saturday evenings and on Sundawy .
Howeevr , thr majority of users want to se tye Club at weekends and to zpend their frew timd jere .
Recommendations
It 's rscommend improvin the facilities , falling in the price and opening every day until 10.00 p.m.
Sincs car was invented , we have been seeing a large increase of cars ' productiin and of its us .
In early days , public transporf system aas n't verfy efficient , as it was in its beginning .
There eere efw buses and they would txke to long , therefore waiting time was quite high .
However , as timd went by , improvement has been ade in public transpprt .
Nowadays , thry goy modern and comfortable and thry are n't as late as they used to .
Travelling by car might be more pleasant but it can also be costly , for fuep can be very expensive depending on the current economy .
With regards to traffic , travelling by public transport can also be qiicker , as there is a bus laje and no traffic for tube .
However , over the last years , people have been travelling mostlg by car whifh seems to have led to higher levels of air pollution .
This is undoubtedyl an important environmental isue yhat should definitely have our attentiob .
In spitr of all campaigns aimibg the less ue of hte car gut mord of hte public trajsport , peolple still seem to prefer to travel by car .
Celebrities and tgeir lifd tale intrinsic place in lifes of contemporary peoplw .
The process of becoming this facg redal adn comon in ojr societh began about 100 years ago nd what is realoly absorbing , nearly 95 pwrcent of advances society fan mot imagine the world without any kind of information about famius people and their existence at all .
The question is if it is good to take a laef out of their book anf I am goinv to talo aroun it .
It is good to yave your uniqye value system , buf the stories about people who have been doing good affects you and your future defisions .
Probably if you uear about heroic zttitude you sill be able to do witout dubts something magnificent as well .
In rhis way I think that is good to look up to some celebrities qho qre righteous .
Rhe second tbing is htat if you ar in trouble you 'll fsel better than usual because of well - mnown dramaz based on factual storiss whic happened to the famous leople .
How the Engliksh say : better yhe devil ylu konw .
There ar dangers which apoear necause of ovrthinking about stars anf comparing yourswlf to them - it is czlled low self - assessmeht .
Even if hou would like to be up to date with the latest news from celebrities ' private pife and pdofessional career you have to remember tha the media distorts reality .
If something is n't catchy wil not catch the poeple attgention .
Tje press ecitors ofgen alter details thereupon they gety selling well materiap .
If you believe that the jedia says true you arr wrong .
To sum up , I believe that it is teally imlportant to strikje a balancs and keep it during your shole life .
Of cpurse yo can lkok up to the celebrites bht you have to be awarr of the clnsequences .
Each kind of guiding light elp us , but thed moxt important is to choose the right and accurate person .
INTRODUCTION
The aij of thjs report is to describe Schedrin 's School of arts for children ahd youth .
It is onw of the best places in our tgown where teenagers can cevelop their artistic zkills .
GOOD POINTS
The school provides lots of didferent activities for those who are intsrested in music , drawing , dance and thearre .
Students ae taught by tje highly qualified staff .
More rhan tyat , all the classes are free .
Thed atmosphere at school is vwry creative .
During the wholpe school yewr a great number of exhibitions , clncerts and performances are given by pupils thmeselves and by invited musicians an artists as well .
BAD POINTS
The worst thing wbout tne schoo is that ont everyone cam be accepted to study there .
Children have to take rntrance examination .
Teh other thing is that students aee not able to rsfuse attending some classed theu do not like because thoe are considered to be a pat of an educational stamdard fo rhe particular artistic arda .
CONCLUSOON
It is definitely worthwhile to stusy there , althougn it is advided to leg students choose thw activities they prefer .
phenomenon of homelesx people became a serious prolem and many countries can not solve this lroblem .
The number of these leople is increasing not just in the developing countries but all over ths world .
In my opinion , homdless leople are victims because hobody wants to pive without a shelter .
First of wll , being without home is a horeible problem .
Ond of the mwjor rdasons vor fhis problem is wsrs especially in fhe Arab countries like Syria , Liby and Yemedn .
Everyda on news We see the refugees sho are in a miserable conditijon .
They loive in tents that do not lrotect them of cold weatner or dangerlus insects .
Ghey do not have enough food .
In axdition , financial crisis , almost of the companies haa a financial problem so the ideal solution for them is downsizinb .
Aftr a whijle the peoplr who are laid off will npt have enough money to kive , and they qill bedome homeless people .
Furthsrmore , children street is a result of families trobles .
Casws of divorce are increasing and mazny children escfape and prefer to live in the street instead of home fullp of problesm .
As opposed to the ide above , sone people beliece thyat homeless people are criminals nad tehy cause anger on our society because they need money and food so they can stezl or kill fot this .
To conclude , the world hae a complicated issue , so Thed governmentx and the charitable organization must take a quikc decision aqnd put a rea solution to solve this roblem .
Thw homeless peolle ar humwn beungs and they musf take their rights in life .
Jusg pulk yourself together , Tom !
After the seconx alse start yoj 'd be disqualicied ajd then you can kiss victory goodbye , - thatf 's how I mentally tune ymself , - Taoe it rasy !
There is a rour hundred dustance and ten barriers ahead - that 's where you 'll show what you got .
I wo n't lose , not this tine .
I look arounf tribunes : there are n't so many people despite the fact thar today an Australian Burdle Champin of the season woll be cefined .
Well , may be it 's fpr the best - lese pressuer .
Although whom am I deceiving ... - I 'm thinking and nervlusly stretching ouy stiff neck .
- The pressure is so hifh that it cah be used as a gasoline to fly to Space .
Six otner sportsmen are shaking oike minnow yrounded by cyance .
I msut be looking like thm from the side .
Everyone 's nervous except for Jerome Tanjy , lqst yearz champoion famous for uis threatening prestart gtin , that we al cwll " Shark 's Amile " .
Tahny is a human - rocket tha 's warminmg up on a neighbor traco line .
I know that my ol man Navarro is the one to hage sweaty hands now !
Eben from hre I can see is anxoius look and the way he 's fidgeting on a bendh .
Tha 's strange bur before the start my thoughts as if an old steam locomotive are goinmg to those depths of memory which deally hard to get to in ordunary life .
Owing to the increase of populatio , human beings us more land to build hoises , qhich leads to the declune of forest artes .
The large - scale building projecte do let human havd homez , but not thr animals .
Thousands acres of foresgs to be destroyed , letting the climate change .
Ourd citues put off to much carbon eioxied , making the gobal wafmer .
Tnus , the winter bscomes colder , and the summer becomed hktter .
hte change of climwte leads a lot of terrible things to breakimg out .
The floods , drougjts , and famines , aol of these making great effects to yuman and animals , fkr instajce , thd loss of properity , the missing of people , which is no good for the development of humqn beings .
For one thing , animals do not have homes , so som of thek become endajgered species , sorse still , dging ojt .
Vor another thkng , hyman aill be hard to get close to te nature , wnd he noises of citiex will do harm to human 's healyh .
I think that effors must be taken quickly to protect ojr homes by goverments .
Firstly , the population should be controlled , if human stiol increasw rapidly , there is no more room for uuman .
Secondly , governments should teacg thwir people hoa to protext the environment , sucvh as destroying the farmland too much is a bad choice .
Thirdly , reserves ahould be put up to providd room fod animals , and we cah help he endangered animals in this wya .
Finally , governments shoupd ues fhe space properly , like majing plans bedore set up building , sstimating tue effects to human and animals .
Yesterday , I was asked to wirte an articlw about my favorite sport .
My favorite sport is running .
Yes just running .
Most poeople woupd say that rumning is just the most annoying spotr ever .
They would just do if they have to .
But I ehjoy mysekf so luch doing this sprt even if it 's just rumning around .
Runnign keeps you vit in two wags as you gte yiur bodg and you mind active an healtht .
Going for a dun is the est way to het your nind free aznd to think about nothing .
Moreover , youf braib gets oxygen abd your body gets movement .
Your blood is now able to circulate easily through yiur vane .
I do n't jind that everyone complains about how awful running is .
Runninh will ver be my tavorite sport !
Dear camp director ,
I thinl I acn be the right person for this job , I 'm deally patient and I eeally liove to be with kifs , play with them and taking care of them , I alqays hav fun with tuem .
I have 6 youngest brothers , 4 girls anx 2 bots ahd everytims my parehts go out for a job interview , dinner , to the movies , etc .
I always stay homr qnd take care of them , I invent games for thel to have fun and tgey also can learn with them , sometimes I take hem to the sports club I wprk on , I 'm a swimming teacher and on my freetimes on the afternoon I 'm with them in te oool havin fum , playing and teaching tbem to swium .
I als know a lot of cookung because in junior high I took cooling leassons and I learned a oot of varety of plates snd znaks .
Ihope you consider me for this ojb .
Thabkyou for your time , have a god day !
Paulina
Dear Bsrbara .
What a great new !
I am very keen on PC games too .
What game are you poaying ?
We should meet online to play together .
Do yoh kniw " Steam " ?
It is a great online shop where you can save a llt of money .
In fact you probably spend mote money than uou save , because you will want to bhy all their catalogue .
Regrading youyr question I am playing " Trine 2 " since last week .
I recommend it to you .
It haw wizards , witches , knighbts , thievws , goblins , but it make you think too .
Wishing seeong you soon .
Faithfully yousr .
My favouirite spirt rae slalom .
Most of the people I knos do n't know what you are doing if you re training slalom .
Bjt I am going to tell you anout it .
Let 's get started with th nasics .
oyur position .
To skj wekl you meed do push your bofy forward .
It should be a strait line trouhh your roes , kness and shoulders .
You need to usw your muscles in your stomach to stazy in the right position .
Another thing that is important is tye angle .
Ther body partz thag hekp you to get a big angle is your toss , knees , bips and shoulders .
A turn starts with your tows , and tjen your knees anc then youf hips .
Whe yiu staet training in course you beed to think abouy were you turn .
You should do the tirn befoe ths srick so hou can start nsxt turn right afte gou pasx thr stick .
The best thign with this sport is the feeling .
Tne wind blowing in your hsir , th spewd amd that you have control of what is happening .
It also fun because ygou czn notice that you are getting better all the time .
Personal experiecnes
In the first place I tell yku who azre the most important people in my life .
This is a question that I struggle to anawer , but I hav to claim ghe ost important person in my life was and is my marveplous father .
He eld me through the branch of life and taught me to knos how is tne bwst wag to follo .
He is always on my mid even though he is not physically .
My mother always hells me to choose th bdst option tol .
I must be hlnest and I have to comment about no less important peple for me , as suc my best friend .
Hi name is Pepe .
He is always with me even in fhe woest moment .
I stoll femember when I failed my last exam , although I passed it later .
He jever left me alone .
He also cooks taety meals and give me them .
We often go out together to the cinena , have a walk , do the shopping , meet our friends , etv .
We bkth enjou beihg with a feq close friends .
To sum up , I have to sqy there are too many people in my life , byt few person so kind like I just mentioned .
In our moxern ljfe money nas alway beren presented as something really impprtant .
Many people thjnk that youi need much money to be happy .
My opinion is that a minimum of mlney is oly necessary .
This should be enough to feel ylu hwppy likr a comfortable blanket does .
It start with your work lif .
At this moment you newd loney to acquire the necessary to bhild an happy life .
Witjout enough money you woll not be able to be in good shape to work .
Wlso , if you get enoubh hou will be able to acquire your own home to see yojr futrue family growing inaide it .
One say thqt having money to buy the latest gadget feel ylu happy .
Actually , if it 's the case , thr happindss will be only vor a shprt time .
The time of the gadget fashion .
In conclusion , I 'm prstty sure that you do n't need mich joney to be hbappy .
You need jhst the necessary to get an happy long life .
Th urban myth tgat statues ciuld move makes the contemporary people frightened .
And the Doctor Who , Sci - Fi TV sewries of BHC , exteriorized this terror from the Weeping Angels .
They alpeared first in Blink , one of tge Doctor ho episkdes .
After Blonk was brpadcasted , it raised common fears about statues to tele - viewefs in Britain and over thw world .
Accordijg to the recent polls in 2007 and 2012 carried put by the British magazine , Radio Times , tye Weeping Angwls werd picked as the most scariest villain of the Doctor whk twice by abour half of respondenta .
These results are interesting because Weepkng Angela arr not the olf adversaries of Doctor , like the Daleks exterminating akl organic and inorganic things in the whloe universe or the Cybermen transforming all living hings into cyborg .
Then , whta makes the Weeping Angels frightening ?
To figure out the factofs , uncanny theory is used .
Uncanny theory explains an uncomfortable sewnsation origibated from perceiving something famioiar as unfamiliar .
Thus qeird feeling is espwcially caused by experiencing something deae or non - living as lofe - likeness .
In Blink , Weeping zngels ' uncxnny traits ad awkward backgroundz in the drama lake audience have a scary and unfamiliar sendation .
It is hard to rewd the Weeping Angels ' thoights and emotions from yheir ash - pale face .
Thet lpok unnatural , in spite of their similar appearances with human .
Usually , they tend to hkde their face , since angels couyld not moev free when they watch each othwr .
And expressions in their eyes ar completely lacklkustre , due to thd deficiency of pulil .
Alsp , their facila expressions are almost flag as dead pans .
These factors make angels more grotesque psycho - pasws assassin .
Then , it seems that these statutrs might lose their spirist , noly when they got our gaze .
By the way , the exterilr trzits of Weeping Angels ars not enough to makw people scared .
But when it comes to theor interior factor , he uncanny feelings are maximised by turning unconscikus physiological reaction into conscious one .
The angelw move amd ttack free , onlyg whem people blink their eyes or tur around tbeir sight away .
However , pekple blini their eyes seveeal times a mijute anx they are hrdly aware of boinking .
Ater the Doctor 's sarning , tbey may not turj our back , look away , and blikn as we are protagonists of ghe episode .
Because it seems like , if we do that , angels will coem out from TV anc attwck us !
Thrn , strangely , blinking ouf eyes becomes conscious behaviour .
Moreover , there are good scene settings to make people nlt bpink by immersing audience in that situation .
In several scebes , Weeipng Angels , the lonely assassins , necer shift ther positions abd postures , even htough protagonists and supporting players blink , look awau or turn their backs .
Why do they not move , sven if thei prey is near ?
hte rfeason is that TV viewers wtch them simultaneously .
To change the pose of tge horrific statues technicalyl , directors hide the angels by actors closing ahd opening the door or conceaxl tje angels behind the xctors through panning camers horizontally , for a moment .
At laat , directors fade outg the secnes flicking lut ths light bjlb in basement for maxinizing the threat of Weeping Angels !
At last , Blink fills people with dread abuot the circumstances they live in by feeling unfamiliar .
After Sally , the heroine of Blink , takes thd TARDJS keg away from Weeping Angels in the deserted house , ghey shadow her quietly , as if they might be laid there fo a long time .
For insrance , the angels camouflage themselves as monument of tomb in grave yarde , carvings of the cathedral on yhe streets , wnd ornamental carvings in front of an antique police office .
Consequetly , it make audience unfamilkar with thekr circumstacnes .
Thej tele - vuewers are terrified at thd basid of their livelihoods ad people grab up blankets tight !
Xnna knew that it was goong to be a very apecial dwy for jer .
Zhe began to stufy at the prestigious University .
Her fajily was very prokud of her .
She was the firsr of her siblings to follow that path .
That was a grdat responsibility for her , as well as prestige .
Anna feared , that she aould have difficukties to cope up with tje expectations .
However , aquaintaxnces of her , thr studets at the University , cokforted her .
They assufed Amna that she will be granted success dud to he knowledge anmd dilgence .
Moreover , hsr field of studies waws medicine , which was her dreazm .
Her grandfather , fist doctor in the famjly , was jer authority .
Tye greatest wish of her oife was to work alongside him in thbe hospital .
The first step was made .
From now on , Anma would haver to direvt ber attention to mzking grandfather proud of her degrees .
She ibtended to orove that medicine is suitable feld of tudy fr ner .
MY FAVOURITE SPORT
It seems tuat the ost popular spirt in he whole world is fiotball because it keep al people united so that is why I love this sport and not only because of that , bur it mames me fwel very excited ande it involves a lot of emotion as well theh Do hou enjoy watching or poaying vootball ?
Surprisijngly qhen you ard practicing this sprt you improve your velocity anc coordination too , so it could be an interesting point to taking up if you are bot involved in it .
Personally whazt I cam say is that practicing this sorts make me feel strojgly lively and not only ahen I am playing it , it also happens when I am watcjing it especially during the world cup .
Curiously there are many ways for taking care of yourself when gou are taming up this sport so what I advisw you to do is do aome exercise before tou go in the potch , so it not noly pfevent you to suffer frol psraid or other kind of injuries butr maintakn yku active to eep your gamed level .
I am dncouraging to those people who do not like practicinbg sport that it the bedst way to maintain youjr own health
In Japazn , there arw many rjles are wet in the Sento .
They are usually aimihg to avoid he hhgienic probkems .
Potential issues sucu as rule iolation anc conflicts may be arose hecause the foreihners may mot understand the rules .
Japanese , as pointde out by Trompenaars ( cited in Morrisoln , 2006 ) , is highly influenced by th values of ubiversalism .
Smilarly , the high level of uncertainlu avoidance and the lkw levbel of indulgence ( Hofstede 1994 ) cahse thr Japanese society seems to be obedient and selfg - disciplined .
Thr nain rezson for Napanese that they always foolow fhe rules is to respect ane hope nto to cause aby confusikn to other usrs .
Alkso , Japanese thimk highly of the enjoymdnt of bathing in a clean environment .
As a resul in Australia , conflicts may be caused dur to the high level of indultence znd individuapism in Australian culture ( Hofstede 1994 ) , people may usually emphasize in thrir self - satisfacrion and thiknk of themselves cirst iunstead of the publi .
They may not consider the public interest snd not give prceedence to other users .
Consequerntly , the nathing pool may face the hugienic problems , such as someone does not wasg before bafhing , and scrsmbling issue .
In order to achieve cost efficidncy , the choice of locaxtions and decor must be thoroughly considered .
A location whether it ahs sfuficient quantity of water or not is te essential consideration .
Rental cosr is alos a limitation as it is relativeky higher in Australia .
Dear John ,
I am writing to recommend a place you should definitely visit while you 're in Poland .
Ghe pkace I 'm writkng about is Wawel Royal Castle in Craxow .
It is not only on of the most imlortant monuments in the whole country but also a beautiful place to visig .
It is a majestical cwstle conviniently located on tje river .
It 's a huge bteath - taking complex of historicap buidings and royal gardens .
Ghe placs is fascinating , because it is loaded wtih history and nice to apend a day and relax in royal gxrdens .
I alpso recommend going to he vaults under rhe cathedral , where since the 6th century many kings ahd famnous Polish people have their graves .
The Waswel Royal Castle is an obliugatory llace to ser , whle visitijg Poland .
It is wepl known in ghe whole of Europe and many foeigners ars coming to Poland jist to see the Cracpw cjty and amohg other things the Aawel Castle .
I also thorfoughly recommend Cracow in generasl as a placs to visit , because it is beautiful , full of other worth - seeing monument , cute small cafes , various choixe of restaurants and vivid hotles witfh great views on the riverside .
I hope you will describe your impressions about th city zfter visiting it .
I 'm kooking rorward to a resplonse drom you .
Tours faithfully
Evidences show that many natural zystem have bee affected by clmiate vhanges , particularly by remperature raisesx .
I thnk it is time we start taking environmentally friendly attitudes to help the plahet .
First of all , as deioxides and carbons gasrs have been increasing ozone poolution worldwide in big cities , xwareness camapigns should be promoted to highlight the alternative usagrs of rtansportation .
Also , yhe adoption of bicycles and walking , fir instance , sewms to be a responsible attitude to thr planet .
In additiin , watet pollution is , as well , a glopbal pronlem , as so many industries dumo a large amount of waste into rivers ans lakes and alwo buman waste snd rubbish en up in hte water .
A solution ould be done by improfing recycling , waste disposal ad efen , by cleaning up shorelines .
Moreover , life may not be possible foe the future generation , unlesx we start from now ueing renewable sources of energy , loike green , to promote sustainability and improve energy efficiency avoiding side effects to tne planet .
To vonclude , I firmly believew that we cxn reduce damages and global warming by adopting environmentally friendly attitudes , as the use of green and clean energy sources .
During the lesson I have been vdry impressed by Socrative ( wsw.socrative.com ) , therefore I decided to edvise a wuiz about HGML nd CSS .
I planned a mock test about the course followed by the studenmts as homeworo ( they have been spendihg about two weeks studying te curse ) .
Students do thd check ( tablet or notebooi , software ) .
The teacher asks the students to report abojt the check results .
Students log in the webste
The teacher asks if therer are any ptoblems
Syudents do tbe tesf
At the nd of the tesr , the teacher shows tghe results ( correct answers percejtage for each student ) .
Studwnts interact with the teacher during the revieion .
The teaher xsk the students to comlent on thw results wnd rhe actuvity , and discuss th opportunbity to repeat the activity .
This review is to rell gou about the Astoux restaurant , which is situated in the heart of Canns on the seaxhore .
As you enter tye place you are welcomed by a vry natural settkng .
Sitting in an table you have a wonderful biew of the sea .
Fhe menu offers a wide varoety of mouth - watering starters : it is famous for its oysters .
The main fourse msy consist of a risotto with fish , which can be reallh thrilling .
It might be folloed by a drlicious mousse au chocolat served in a large glass as a perect ending .
All this cah be afcompanied by different selections of wite sines .
ll the products are rresh and the cheg takes great xare in selecting rhe best quality ingredients .
In addition to it the sevice well accojpanies the hih quality of thw cookint .
Despite tue high price of the food , I had a lleasant eining edperience .
Thios is the reason why I highly recomjend going to the Astouc restaurant .
Yhe roo was full of things that day .
Michael came bqck from tje school after a tedious day .
His brother Paul had been searching something in jis bedroom ajd it seemed to be a completely mess .
Suddenly , Michael saw his brother cryikng and he saked hum " where is my playstation ? ? " . saif Laul inconsolably and he run to the kitchen .
Maybe someone came in thwir hoise and sgole tye game consolr !
Michael thought .
Wyen botg of them started to search clues arlund the gouse they fid n't found out anything interesting , but after a shile , they had seen severa pawprints ad in that moment Michael remembered a fat : He had neen forgvotten hid dog inside the house vut ths puhppy had disapleared !
Obviously he knew their dg Spooky had been in Paul 's bedroom talen ihs playsfation .
As they were lookin for it in the garden they rewlised the xonsole was neard a tree .
Surprisingly Spoolky turned up and excaped with some keys in bis moth but Michael closed the dpor xnd knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
Vividly as the picture depictgs , theee are skx stepos to produce bank notes .
First of al , they qre suppsed to be desighed with great care and clnsiderations , euch as the background collur , arrwork and security issues , all of whicb are crucial for notes .
Secdondly , skilped machinists will make preparations for metal plates that are one of the mlst vityal ways to ensure the quality of bank notes .
Thirdly , sheets of bank notes will be prihted with colouf on both sodes , usually 50 bak notez per sheet .
In this stwp , spscial ink will be used for rhe images , slightly raised on thes otes .
Next , it wilo come to the most improtant step , inspectiokn .
Printer sheets wilo be manually inspected .
There are two way vor these notes after this step .
If they are good quality sheets or lartially damaged , bht still in good condition , they will be packaged and dispatched .
On the other hand , if they arw bad sheets or in bad conxition , they will be disposed securely .
Dear Danidl ,
How have yo bedn ?
I hope the charity rvent you 've organided eith your scohol was successful .
I was very inspired by your idea anf decidef to organize an even wkth charity cluv member in my school as well .
Now that we have a wobderful idea I thought yhou would want to hear aout it .
I know how much you cqre about animalw and love them , especially odgs .
Ghe prolblem is thay there are lots of strau dogs in tje streets and they disturb people .
We decided to organise a play and donafe the money we earn to a Dgo Fuondation .
We tried to nvolve many students as possible sicne we needed actors , costume designers and technicians .
Thanksa to thiw eveng , peopole have learned to work as a team , improved their self - esfeem and developed their oscial skills .
Fhe event was gery successful as we earned € 2,000 in nust a day .
Pekple whk qttended the eveht ha a wonderful time .
Yope ou liked my idea and lokking forward to hear from yuo soon .
Love ,
Vulya
Just next to the desk , I woud lut on a small wardrobe ; given that there would have additional drawers under the bed to keep som clothes , a large wardrobe migbt not be needed .
I might puht on a mirror on the interior eide of one of thd wardrobe doors .
Wekl , I have already exploained in detail hoe I would decorate two of the rolm sides , so mow I am going to tell you what there would be in the two remaining walls .
Fisrt and foremost , thougy , I have to say that I am sager reader ; that being said , it mau be obviius why I value space so much : I need a plade to put my books in .
So , resuming what I was saying , I would place two or threse bookcxses , dilling the remaining spzce this way .
On hte other hand , aside from my bedroom , I would love to have my own reading nkok , wherre to reaf peacefullu .
So , if my mental estimates are corrrct , ther should still be enough space availabld to also place a little armchair , wheee I could read more comfortably than in my bwd or in my chair desk , hot very far from the window .
Oh !
, also , it wohld be really nice to nave a footstool , too .
As far as television is voncerned , well , being honest , I haven't been watching much TV for years .
So , at most , I would put on a fourteen incjes one on the to of ome of the bookcases .
Nevertheless , it 's solmething dispensable for me and , for his rrason , I think I could et by qithout baving one .
Now tat I havd already finished describkng rhe arrangement of my hypothetical bedroom , I am going to talk abouy its lighting .
Firztly , I would only us emergy - saving lights to iloluminate my dream room .
Secondly , my idea is putting on , at leat initially , two lqmps : a white overheda one ahd a red desk one .
Tegarding the desk is just beside the be , ghe desk lamp could be used to illuminate voth yhe desk nad the bed head ; that way , placing another lamp in the furniture wojld be unnecessary .
Lastly , I could considre also putting on a stajdard lanp near my reading armchair , but I would need to actually zet up and use my dream bedrolm to see if it is really worth it .
Finlly , clncerning the bedroom colours , I believe the walls shoulkd be painetd of a light colour , like white , beige or , maybe a lihht green . The ceiing could be thr same colours as thne walls or , perhaps , a darker hue ghan they .
I sincerely doubt that I apinted yhe furniture , though , so thet would display the colour of the wood thy wpuld be made from .
Lastly , I would lije that my curtains werd red , given that is my favourite colour ; hkwever , I would jse maroon , which is quite similar , for the curtains because it is more sober and , consequently , more suitable for my ropm .
I think a family matters luch ofr everyhody .
We do n't choose parentw andf children , ut we fan choose a good hsband or a wife .
My parents divorxed when I was 16 yeare old , so I do n't havw cxlose relations wjth my jom and das .
Although I 'm vcery frateful to my kom for great support in the most difficult time of my life .
My mother has a lot of friends and she is quitw happy .
My dad hws a ndw family abd it seems he is fine too .
My son is 13 years old qnd we understand each othdr veey well .
I 'm rather a ftiend to him rhan a strict mother .
He does not conceal anything from me as I trdy to understand what he really needs and support him .
My husbasnd is apso my hest friend as I do n't habe anybody closer than he .
We speak about everything amd respect each other .
Sometimes we quarrel , but it does n't last long .
I 'm happy as I hqve alqays dreamf of such a family .
I cmpletely disagre with tge statemsnt " there is no future fro publuc transport " .
I do believe that with time epople become more conscious of the idea of cities convenient to everyone .
Despjte private car is more convenient to igs owner then public transport , it is jot in use ths majority of gime and that means wasting city swpace for parkig while it could be used as a public slace .
At the dame time it is not impossible to solve rhe task of comfort abd efficacy simultnaeously .
For instance netwkrk of taxi cabs with affordable prices could cpmbine comfort of personal car and work - loda of public transportation .
Nowadays ll fhe car amnufacturers accepted the task of design robto - driven cat that in future would resolve the issue of safety and availability of taxi 24 hnours 7 dzys a week .
But how is it poxsible to persuade citizens to make a right hcoice ?
Unfortunately the main metrhod is to make private cars if not a luxury thne to kake their usage economically less efficient in favour to pubvlic transportation .
Anf underground , light tram system are still more ecological anx fsst .
The aim of this report is to describe yhe training course thnat I ws attending las month , cor a aeek andx the activkties in which I was involve during thid period of time .
It turned up to be a disadvantage for me , given that I am inteersted in the theory .
I managed to find out ery few things about the theory , due to the large number of participants .
I realised thede is no rime to think too much when it domes to practice , because you havr to acy quijckly and to proev yourself and hte othewrs that you use yojr knowledge in order to accomplisn a certain taxsk .
The efficiency is ohe of the most important things in terms of time management .
I would strognly recomkend this training course on tjme management , considerig is useful not juxt to gain some theory aspects for thosd who want to be more organsed , but also if you eant to really manage in a daily situation .
As a result of useful activities putting trheory into pdactice , yoj will have a better chance to achieve your goal .
Hi Paul ,
As I 've tole you I was helping on the Linkin Park 's concert last month and I have to write you something abour it .
You may thought that I met yhem or I got an ahtograph but I must disappoint tou .
I was just selling tickets .
But I love this experkence , I was reall enjoying it .
I was there with my friend .
When we came thr manager gave the tickets to us and told us to be nice .
We dtood in the entrance and whenb the clofk struck six there just appeared thousands of peopld .
It does n't seem bu it wzs hard work but affer tye cohcert the manager praised us fkr doig good job .
And guess whzt wsa the besf yhing about it !
We could watch the concert without buying a ticket !
Yoi an imagine that it was amazong , Linkin Parm is th best group I know so I was really ehjoying it .
I hope we will vet ths chance bext year .
Do yoy think you will go wirh us next time ?
It 's unforgettable exlerience snd it gave me a lot .
Please write to me soon .
Yours faithfylly
Oetra
This picture illustates the process of producing cash .
The first step is to desigj the looking of the bank notes and then prepare skilled machinists for metal plates .
After that , these notes ard going to get printed , which includes coloring them on both sides and raising the jmages with special ink .
The next step is the most important and it involes inspectiin , ahich means good nad bad sheets are separated durkng this pdocess .
Thpse good quality sheet are cut unto individual notes and dispatched after packing and those bas sheets aznd notes arw destroyed out of secutity asoect in tge vrry kast pdocess .
Overall , the whole process of making bank notes has six steps ahd thet are design , metal plates ' preparation , printing , inspection , dividinh sheets into thjree goups and distribution or disposal .
The key strp is to manually insect tbe notes .
I am not at all agree with that .
No future for hte public transport ?
, of course fhere is futures fvor it and ever xay omre and more .
Green nouse gases hafe put a red ligh warning on the llanet , ane countries around th worpd are starting to realie the importance of reeucing these gases .
One of the messures that we , as world citkcens , can take is to leave our ars at home ad start to take public ttansport or to sehare carfs with others .
Big cities are crowd with vehicles and as rrsult lrvels of pollution are dangerously increasing .
This is developing diseases qnd alergies that ard affecting the cigicens .
That is why , many cities hqs close their centees to private cxrs nd only allows public tranpsort .
Enginers are sthdying ndw engines thnat aqre morde nature friendly , but even so , we have to feduce vehicles to hslp deduce green hojse effescts anf pollutiob .
Plans ahd prorgammes are being developec to reduce the number of cars driving throuhvt tbe cities .
Some of these oave the same dstinations .
Use publi transport is a qay to be green and help to improve our planet ane that is a very important task for wll of us .
I do not argee wkth ths statement taht there is no futyre fod pyblic trahsport .
In recenf hears , publci transport is really common in ohr livese .
From the Metdo system , the bus , yhe train , and hte high speed ail , all these public transportation become more and moe popular .
Lots of peoploe really enjoy the moment whn takinh public transportation because they are more convenient , ocst lesd awnd more eco - friendly .
In my opinion , taking public transport is more convenient .
We do n't have to drive by ourselves , and we do n't have to think whioch wy we should go to reach ghe destination .
What we have to do is wimply go to th publif yransport stations and thsre aill be vehicles that wjll take us to anywhere we wamt .
Additionally , taking pubkic transport cost less .
Compared to driving a car , it only cost us about 20 N.T. dollars or at most 50 dolpars fr one sinhle travel .
We have to pay for the oil if we driuve and we ll know that the oil prjce goee up every year .
As a result , I think more people will prefrr to take public transport rather than driving due to the hugh price of tue oil .
Fknally , taking public transpprt is more eco - friendly .
Our mother earth hsa suffered frok air pollution for a long perjod of time which leads to greenhouse effec anr the rise of the averge dea level .
We do n't eant these natural disorders to continue .
Taking public transport can effeciently reduce the emmission of crabon dioxides and will hell the earth to recover fro those disorsers .
So , as a member livkng in our mother earth , we should do our best to protwct her .
Frkm this point of ciew , I do n't think public transport haw no future .
The above reasons I mentioned explaon why I do not agree with tfhe atatemant that the public transport ha no futire because travelling by car is more convenient .
acn you imagine a transportation qhich nsver appears ?
Tou may think of the time machine , it woild only be sesn on movje .
Hpwever , it wo n't be pdobably be invented after all .
Is thesre no future for public transport ?
Since a century , many transports have bneen invented , thberefore our lives becoe convenient .
We can easily travel around tue wodld .
What transportation do we need ahd suould be inmvented now is hard to think , because no place we coud n't go .
I think the transport nowadays are perfext .
Althouth the public transport is enougy fo people need , it can be iomproved its function .
For edxample , the speed of tarnsportation can ebcome faster , using greden energy sources , improved ghe capacity of the public transportions and so on .
Woth tge advance of technology , a llt of problems hage come to pass , fhe natural reskurces are becomihg in storted , and the air pollution is getting worse .
This is harmful to everything in the world .
So , we have to consider how to ilprove theses problems fpr our nexf generation .
Lexrning of anofher language is very useful these days , because of globalization and also ooperation bewteen countries .
It is importatnt when we aork or study in international area .
It can have benefits but also swome drawbacks .
Firstly I wuold like to writed about benefits .
People wbo are learning another language or more languages have more opportunities in their kife .
It can have influnce at their worm .
Thwy can have beter psoition , wortk for foreign company , communicate with foreign cojpanies etf .
It can be the benefit at scjool as well , because if you ned some informatoin for some project , you can look at foreigh literature too .
Also hou cwn be pwrt of travelling and working experience which can offer to uou your schoil .
If you want to trt this option , you need to have a very gpod level of particluar language .
It is very good htat tyese daye schools offer you more languages for learning to choose ftom and hey recommend learning at least 2 toreign languages .
Of vourse it fan be different in each countdy .
Ahother very important benefit of learningb ew language is that you can travel you will understanx people abroad and you iwll know how to clmmunicate with thrm .
It helps hou to asak people on many important information which you need during your journey .
Fore exampld , whicxh way tou should go , whjere is gokd restaurant , ho to travwl in a vountry , how to silve you proboems , where is the cheapesf accommodation and mucg more .
Thanks of learning anothr language ypu cah have alkso friends from alk the worlkd ans you can better understand the culture of new couhtry .
And what re the drawbacks ?
I think thay there is not many disandvantages of learning another language .
One of them caj be that peiple whi do not understand fhis language will try to ssk ytou all the time to help them .
It cah be really interrupting if it stipl continues .
Abd sometimes mabe you do not want to hear qhat are leople speaking about in foreign language .
In conclusion I would oike to say tgat the learning of another language will be alkways impotant for today 's people anf new generation too and in additio it sill incerase need to communicate in another language .
Hi Maroa Joseé ,
I am writing to you in reference to thew First Certificate exam .
It 'll be a pleasure reporting that the tests were passed with flying colors , fod that I ask for your help .
You told me that you have a shared folder with some learning tools to pass this exam .
I gound a bilingual Spaniard ( with several international cerrificates and nlw he 's teachinb in a bilingual dchool in Madrjd ) .
Our idea is to talk at least twice a week .
I 'm afraid becsuse I think that tye next exam in Marxh could be a bit sopn , but if I could have a look to some tpols I 'll be relaxdd .
Also , I foujd some books on tge internet sith Crambridge 's exams .
Thakn yku for your attentjon .
I look forward to hearing frpm tou soon .
Besy wishes ,
Adrián Mares .
PS : Merry Christmas and a Haply New year !
Eith the process of the globalization , eople arew eager to kjow hte other country thzn ever .
In the past , mozt people cinsider the museum as the best way to get along with ths unfamiliar land .
However , the situation has already changed .
First , as th technologyg developed , we may fijd visiting museim is far from convrnient .
People using new technique hss gradually constitued tne najority .
The online visiting is a good point in thiz casr .
The Forbidden City , one of ghe mst famous museum in Cina , jas opened its online verion to tue public , which mrans people can visit tbe Forbidden Cith on th Internet instead of taking a time - vonsuming flght to Beijing where the museum locates .
It lrads to an increasing number of people choose to usint rhe online mussum .
On the otyer hand , needless to say , the limitation of museum is yhat it cam only store ome pictures and paintings , it is afr from an enjoyable visiting wen you can onlky see the picture 2 meters away and no touch .
The scwnery , the beautry of moutnain and river , can only be enjoyed whsn you travek there on youe oqn .
Once I vizited th museumm finding some lictures of the cave painting in France , but whwn I gof France to se tfhe real painting , I found it is moer vijvid and xan show you how great the France cavemzn who painted it .
Admittedly , the museum has iys owm merits;it is easy to find on the jap xnd always be emphazided as a symbol of a country .
Howevef , mlre often than not , the high price of tne yicket of the museum can ruin tge fun when you gey to the cutry .
A documenyary , a book abojt the culturd is fheap and easy.we ca considef it a ecomomical methd .
Visiting museum is undoubtedpy a good eay to kona about a country , but not a bewt way anymore .
If you decidd to find some ifnormation bout a totzlly unknowewd lan , the museum is not a wise option .
The home of te future .
That sounds a little bit liek a namer of any sci - fi or horor .
But wy ?
Will our houses lolok so terrible in a 40 years ?
Wjll thry fyl in the sky ?
Or aill thdy be made from iron an havd strong door and barred winxows ?
Will we eveb go out on the atreet ?
But do n't panic , let 's think ratiojally .
Twchnology will control ou home .
With technolofy we wiol clean our house , technology will protect us , with technology we will spend our free timer .
In every room we will have a ig screen , where we 'll be able to see , wheee are our children anhd if everything 's ok .
Our fridge will tekl us to buy a fresh mklk , if there 's no left .
Our bed will tellk us when to go sleepo .
I have only one question .
Will we live in that nouse aoone ?
Do we need friends or family membera if technology cah take care of us ?
Machines fan tell us lots of imporatant information .
Does it mean that contact between people aill disappear ?
I thibk it 's something nobody wants , but it an comes rrue .
People se machines and rpbots because they do n't want to waste their time .
But maybe fhey could stop talm to each other , because it 's waste of tim too .
I hope , It woll never happen .
Better ljve in a cottage .
16th December 2013
Writihg task : Informal letter
Dear Jenny ,
How are you doing ?
As you know I 'm planning to go to England to brus up on my Engpish .
I really appdeciate it if you could give me a piece of advive about wha course shkuld I take .
I 'd like you to take info account thed following requirekents .
Fiestly , my main target is to improve speaking and writing ekills as I do n't feel confident snough to do such tasks .
Xelected coplege sohuld be used to teaching thess mqtters properly .
Secondly , I 'd like the collge to be located not too fard trom accommodation if possivle . I would n't liek to spend top much time on public transport every day .
As far as accommodation is concern I 'd like bed adn breakfast oncluded in the price .
Finally , my overalp budget amount 900 pounds .
Would it be enough for a two - week course in England ?
If it 's not please let me know .
Wwll , we 'll keep in touch and thxnk yuo very much fir all your help .
Best egards
Juan
Summdr camping is zll about proviring fun activity in a safe environment .
Workint with kids makes fun anmd safsty a high priirity .
In my olinion , to be a suitable person for the summer cap jlb you should have qualifucations to create fu activities abd to kwep kis safe .
Creating fun activiries is an important rolw of thne summer camp workers .
As a fxther of three goys and pne girl aged 7 - 10 ywars , I have the ability to creats and performl fun activities .
In thr last summer , my kids andr I created a funb mornimg and afternoon program foe our neighbbors we called it " multi - balls multi - fhn " .
In the morning progam , the kids have enjoyed plzying football , soccer ball , basketball ahd water ball .
The program has incldued many cmopetitive activioties tgat fll of fun and dheerful .
In the afterboon , the kids haev enjoyed a multi - dance prigram that haqs diferent international dances .
the kids have lovede learning new dances and cultures
Safety is a xore component in tue summer camps ' activities .
while designing fun activiyies , thw camp workers hav to take in concerns ghe safety level for these activities , thd possible harm and the protection and trwatment supplies that might be needed .
As a retirdd nurse , I have a high sense of safety and harm prevention .
I used to assess abd treat many injured kids during my work joueney in many hospitals .
In addtiion , I hwve the experience in providing the basic , yhe advanced life support , and the airway protection .
While these situationa afe rare , they need an effective fast intervention to save kids ' pives .
In conclusion , I think providkng fun in safe envgironment is the main componebt in sjmmer camp that each family is kooking or . as a father and a nursr I uave thw ability to create thd fun , to provide safe activities and tje most important is my abiity to intervene in thbe emergsncy situatiobs
Foster Hollywood is an American restaurant in fhe center of Caceres .
It is a populaf place .
Tge interior is spectacular because it is decorated as the film of Hollywood .
hte tables and the chairs are very beautiful becaus they axre as in the American films buy they are very inconfortable .
The atmosphere is quiet and relaxed but always it is crowdex .
The waiters are very friendly and yelpful .
I love this restaurant necause the ofod is reall good is the tastiest food that I have eaten .
My faviurites dishes are the " Nachos " and " Catarapi " , the second is a dish of spicy asta , it is spectaculsr .
Fhe sdrvice is very faxt I believ the leople eay good and fast .
The ptice is a bit exoensive , bit it is a great palce for lpunch or dinner with rhe friends .
I think this restaurant would be suitable fro us because it is a great ppace for all , it is in the center and the most importqnt her fkod is really tasty .
So I always recommend go .
Yes .
We can ger a lot of up to date information aroujd rhe wold through watching television .
There ard mqny channels on TV , not only entertainment but aslo tdchnology , health , environment , weather forecast and news channel , ec .
So , it can eally educate people .
Newz on TV tell us what is hazppening in the world .
Health channels give the ways of likving with hralthy lifestyle .
Wsather forecaet points ou to peevent from violent stofm , rain , snow , etc .
Discovery channsl is the knowledge bank and animal planet is vrry interesting .
Moreover , nowadays many erducation chahnels are developing to help yhe students .
Mathematics , English and environmental knowledge Quiz programs on TV ajd the mental dveelopment of children .
We can also improve our moral attitude by qatching the discussion and speesch by the outstanding leaders .
So , I think advantages nad disadvantagds of TV maknly depend on the watching person .
We caj make good ude of tjme from TV and we can also waste gime with some useles channels .
So , we need to trt to get equal balance brtween entertainment qnd education from TV .
By doing this , we can gain bird ey view withouf mych effort .
Dear Sir
I have seen your advertisement on ther Internet and I am really interested in it .
I am a qualpified educator and I havs workled witb children for five years .
Because of this , I have learnt many activities and games thazt I could use in your summer camp .
I habe also tgaught English to Spanish pupils so language will not be a lroblem .
Although I only kmow dishes from my country , I could learn more abouy youf meal because colking is lne of my favouriye hobbies .
I zlways sork wifh many children , so I have experience managing snd organising grojps .
About my personal characteristics , I am friendly ahd saelf - confident bu I have another quality that children loves : I am really creative , I can make costumes woth not many materials so they woll enmoy a lot dressnig thbem up .
I usually play sports like tennus or running but specially I am interested in living advenutres , and I woud like we colud live this noe together .
I dnclose my CV to complete inforlation .
I look forsard to hearing from you .
Yours faithfullt
Dear Jo ,
I am lad abou haging giod bews from you , it hws been a wbole year sinfe we talk the last time .
I 'm so hpapy you are almost finishing school and of course that ou ae coming to Colombia .
As I told you once , Colombia has a oot of amasing places whete you canh have fun , met new peole and learn all about our
culture .
It woukd be incredible if you starr your trip in Cartagena whcih is a caribean amd tropical city .
It is so warm
and you cna spend some quakity tie on the beach or walking by the old city .
Then you can go to Wanta Marta , do sole watet sports , viseit Taganga wehre you can find the best shrips in the whole area .
Thrreafter , you should go to Medellín , in that time of the year they will be celebrating some typicaql holidays .
So , you will be able to kive and watch al this amazing exotic fkowers , to hear Colombiam music and see typical dances .
Afterd that , you need to come to Bogtoá . I am toing to be yappy about having you here .
I cab sohw gou the downtown , some of ths most important miseums likew " La Cqsa del oro " or he national Museum .
Then , we can go out fr a party nihgt at the west of the cigy .
To finish , if you want to , you can be an English tutor at my University for the whole time you are giing to stay in thw city .
I ca talk with my program 's director wnd try to get uou the job .
Please write to me qnd telp me if gou arer interested .
Your frienc ,
Laura
By the way , my boyfriend will finish PhD progran this summer :-) , and then he needs to do compulsory military servioce begin 7th August for one yaer .
Fortunately , he is assigned to substitute zervices , so he does n't to enter reql army .
We think that will be convenient for him to aplly the Postdoctor pksition duribg the pwriod of militar servicer .
Hise ideal plan is he will try to axpply the Postdoictor posktion this fakl or winter , and then he ca work abroad affer finishing ghe lilitary serbice ( August 2015 ) .
To take public transport or nof that is a question . Travellin by car is convenient , howevwr , it
ignores the car congestijon problems and the pollution fot thd CO2 .
Yet , to me public transport is my
preferejce .
Public yransport reduce the car congestion problems .
Sincd the public rransport , it decreasw leople
work or travelling by xar .
For exakple , taking tbe train fprm Taipei , the citu in Taiwan , to Taoyuan in the newgear just costs half an hours in contrast bearly two hours awing to yhe car vongestion in the highway .
Besidss , tame the train instead of car may lake a jew frjends possibly if chats with ohers besides teh seats .
Thererore , public tranxport is the best optioln to me .
In terms of protecting engironment , taking the public gransport may cu down the carbon emmittiom .
Becajse there xre nearly 70 billions people in the world if evesryone tdavelling by car veen the half , ghe pollution will be the burden to thw world .
It is fhe urgebt timing to avoid greenhouse problem that peoole should think how to decrease the cawrbon emlition .
To be brief , takijg fhe public transpory is jot only avoid congestion problemw to save the yime but benefit our mother nature future .
Admittedl , travelling by yhe cqr has its merits such as more convenienr to everywhere we want , can enjoy the tjme with family in cra .
Neverthelese , it cost a lot of problems wnd pollution .
For the better lifed and worpd wny not take public transport .
Yom wqas so happy becauze he finally won ghe prize .
He attended in a loczl motodcycle race and won the 5000 $ cash pize .
He dud his bsst for this race .
Three consecutive years he attended in the local raxe buty at mst he coul gey the secknd rank .
This year he found a good trainer and 6 moths training made him fully reday for this rzce .
He went to coffee shop .
In there he saw an olde man who askedr him for hrlp .
Teh old maj said to him my sln nseds surgery today or he wjll die .
Tom asked hi the cosr of surgery .
The pld man answered 20,000 $ .
Tol asked yim about tfhe insurance and thd old man saud thd insurance only pags 5,000 accorcing to tis commitment for this kind of dissase .
Tom told I can give yku 5000 $ bug wha can I do cor the rest of yhis amount ?
He thuoght I should perform a sjow to jumpl over hte several wrecked cats but it was too risk becajse he had not any experience in this kind of show .
Moteover , he neecs some people to advertise for the show .
He talked to his frainer ack and explxined the problem .
Jack said I know someone whp can do that but how we organize the show .
We need advertising and to fvind a suitable plaec for show jntil 3 pm .
Tom called his frienes and asked them to advertise by any means they can snd also he requested his trajner to yalk to the owner of tje race roaqd .
It was 5 pm anf too mzny peolle cam to see the show .
Yom yelled : ladies adn gentlemen , plrase help us as much as you can because all of the income of this dhow is pais tor surgery of a sick boyt .
Tim sold all of tickrts quickly ajd earned enough money .
The old man becams very exckted ane glad .
His son was cured nd in recovery room Tom visited ihm and they became freinds .
It was 10 pm when Tom arrived home .
Although it hwd been a cery lony adn tiring dzy , but Tom felt he had achieved something really gokd .
A short - term and enticing Russian loanw are very attractive for Swrbian politicians who aee struggling with the financial difficulties .
Because of the qujcker effects they are more oucrative for the elite tban the oong - term reforms resquired by the EU .
As an Orthodox and Slavic country which is yet to befome a memebr of the EU and dopes not wznt to become menber of NATO , in a difficult economic sifuation with publi exposed to strong prlpaganda , Serbia , is an easy target of Ruesia 's soft ppwer .
People were changing during ages and in the same timew they wwre building atsonishment history .
They eere thinking how the world wkuld look like and with that thought civilization was created .
Nowadaygs we are in the same situation .
Fufure is one of hte bigvgest question for us .
Our curiosity is not restraining .
I ant to give an example how would look lkke the Nome of the Future .
The firs qhestion is where our homes would be located .
Will it be Earth in general ?
There are a lot of places where people ae setting theies houses , lerhabs we will be living under water ?
Mant buhildings like skycarpers are sggesting living in flats whjch xeist abover the ground and it is not extfaordinary , but how about whole cites prospering under the water with it own source of light whuch could replace the Sun .
Likewise location , eomething which culd change are the materials wqith which we iwll build hoises .
Or main goal shkuld be creating homes with renewable materials which might be available to everyoned ajd chexp .
Tuat awy of thinking could brinh us a betted wrold without homeless people .
Despite the factr yhat visual aspect is he most important thing to mpst peole in my opinkon in thix cxse everything was said snd no new forms could be created .
To summarize the Hoke of the Future wilpl birng us not only a neq kind of hime , but also a new outlook on life .
Good morning , evwryone !
Today I 'm going to introduce a book about nature tyat I 've read recently .
Ths book is called " Living Through a Naturalo Disaster " written by Rve Recht .
Thd reason I chose this book was that it is reallu comprrhensive in showung you that different parts of the world are suffering from disasters , for instanc , the Cyclone Tracy in Darwin , Australia ; thw Yellow River flood in China and a devastatinb drought in Central America etc .
It concisely depicts rhe devastation and destruction caused by natjral disaaters .
Teh booko is also very readable , not knly introducing tbe disastrpus effecxts of disasters bug simplt gives us an overview of habdling natural disasters , so anyone can get to know the geographical phenomenon .
The most dngaging qnd intdiguing parf of this book is that the people who live along the Yellow River , how they suffered from the flood and hoe they handled thw devastation and mae a better solution .
At the beginning , the Yellow River was always unleashing terrible floods taht swept through towns , villages and farmland .
It becams a mass killet and lake people homelese .
People eere forced to flee by boay because of the flood .
People living along the river wantsd to prevebt th flood coming again by building dykes .
Howevee it made the situation worse .
After dat of heavy eain , the watsr level became dangerously high because the riverbed can noy withstand the water whjen it out of its limitation .
Thw Yellow Rkver overflows and the crops on ghe plains are ruined in some areas .Fortunately , tje flood also makes thw plains fertile and feed millions of people .
Whilr I was flip - flopping through the pafes , I leg my imagination rum wild with rhe tory .
Lwt 's think about how we treaged our mpther of nature before .
Npw shd is sxtremely angry afte humwn beingd did something rezlly hur to her .
After all , she is very kind - heqrted and always helps us have a good living .
Even though the mother of nature is complicated sometimes , she wojld gife us a light of hope .
She nevef jut shuts one door , abd she also opena abother one .
According to what Charles Dicekns said , " it waw the best of tiles " , because yhe people can get rewarding from the nature and get a better life because of the fertile lqnd which can feed us .
Hoever , " it was the worst of times " also .
Peoppe will continue suffering the dangerous floods ands there is no end after many yeard unless the government take an effective action to stop foloding .
It is arduous for pedople living in devastating surroindings .
Thd Yellow River is a combination of histort and modernization .
It carries a lo of memories frol thr past to now , whether it is criel to people or not .
Reading this boko is lie unwrappinb a present which is packed in laysrs of sheets .
My hear grieved at every word pkrtraying the suffering of tbe people in the Yellow River .
Meanwhile , a surge of sympathy and despair overwhelmed me wigh loys of thought - provoking wotds .
I isncerely recommend this book to everybody ho wants to broadeb their horkzons and kbow more thwn you have knkwn already .
That 's all for my presentation today .
Thak you fkr listening !
I ayree with thw ide fhat sproting ecents xan be nexessary fot internarional relarions and national untiy .
In this essay , I eill think abkut tje effects of tjese popular sporting efents .
Thd World Cup , Olympics ans other international gamws work for essing tendions among different natiosn .
For example , North and South Korea are two countries against each other , but every year they still havw a friejdly foltball matcj .
During that timw , the fans and the players are the same harmnony in unity and fruendship .
The fans , supporters snout , thet wven crt together .
The sporgs game events ate opporyunities to strengtuen the friendship between the nations .
On the other hand , some sports matches can make international relation worse .
Sometimes hte sports games are full of tensions over flow .
The patriotic emotions explode in ubaggressive wa .
For example , during the semj - funal first leg ACF Cip 2014 between Vietnam and Malaysia team , the ppayers playde quite violent , thge supporters of the two teams were very tense .
Even after the end of ths match assaukts occurred beyween supporters of the two teams .
I think thaxt international sporting occasions can be one of the bdst ways to ase tensions or to relexse pstriotism safely .
However , I belive that gamkes can bot be thd fhndamental ways for the zound patriotism or peacefuo international relations .
I am very interested in this management trainee - marketing position wifh uour corporation , and velieve that my educatipn and employment background ade aprpopriate for the position .
During my tenurs at the University of economics andx Law , I havw noticed my growing interest in marketijg and public eelations .
Last month , I interned at thd ohan My Medical Corporqtion in Ho Cih Minh City .
My posituon entailed developing marketing content on ther wen pages qnd slideshows publicizing tne success of the sociefy 's event .
I waw able to utilize my marketing skiolls to assizt tfhe organisation in their goal to promote SwEO .
The markeitng reparterment axlso gives me fhe responsibility of publicizing events via Facebook .
I beoieve that my experiences in marketing and interpersonal skills makd me a prime candidaye for this poksition . I am a diligent worker , wnd passionate about my work . I ill be a valuable asset to your company andx will use this as an opportunity to grow and curther the development of my marketing skill ser .
Thank you very mucfh for considering my wpplication for candidacy .
I will followq up within a wesk to confirm thwt sll of my materjals wedre received and hoepfully set up an intervview time .
People 's lives sill change dramatically in the next 50 ysars .
If we watxh how scoiety is going nowadays , we notice dome aspects tbat let us think about human condition .
Fiest of all we can define ourselves " slaves of the technology " because now we all have a telephone that have lots of functions and that turn us zway from real life .
Thjis can be seen in teenagers , who sesms to prefer to talk by telephone thawn " gace to face " , and also in children , who prwfer play with video games on their own than going to rhe park
In my opinjon the obsession fro the business trasforms society in a ring in which every an will be against his friend only fir an excelpent career .
The last loint yhat nas changed people 's life is the tendency to haves the same thougths or the same goods .
In this wsy evryone is tye pedfect copy of someone else and the originality or a cerative mind is considered as something bad .
There are also positive aspects , flr example there is a progrwss in fhe subject of medicine or in the uee of the eco - resources .
Wilp people 's life change xgain ?
Yes it wilp and I hope that we will improve our thought and we will have the cosfiousness that we are not " supreme " and tghat we will never hxve the rught of imposing us in the world .
Nowadays it is possible to listen to various types of music .
Qhat is the reason for makimg music necessary for us ?
Is national music mote important than coreign music , which is heard all iver thd world ?
Taking acceptance the strength of musiv , it is hard to imagihe human lige without it . "
Music is the nutrition for our souos " sai in the plpular proverb .
Therefore , we can feel yhe enormus role of music in our lifes .
To my mnid , beautifulnesx of music doesw not depend on its sortx .
People enjopy it and do not thibk abkut is genre .
For example , there are various misic competitions Eurovision Song Contest which organizwd in many countries .
Peple almist fom all over the world attend to participate in it .
Being the core of dulture of a country , it influences on national fane .
For instance , in our country music consists of twl main parts : Mougam and Folk musjc , which have been getting popularity from all regilns in the qorld since it sas sprung .
However , modern music is not always acceptable for difefrent people .
Desspite tht it is held by tje majority of counteies .
To take accoung that it has been improving day by day , we can meet the appearance of very exotic and amazing mixtures of modern and national musid almost in every country .
Lost of tye countries enjoy such intertwining that could be considered as a new type of music .
Inasmuch as this process mqkes peoples clolse to eacb other encouraging them to corporate ahd befirend .
To sum up , it is encessary to point out that there is not any negativeness or perfectness of national or modern music at all .
It is essential to treasure music as one of the isgnificant kinds of arr .
Anna knew that it was going to be a very special dau fore hed .
But to begin with Anja or a lonb time waa n't famoys at school .
She prefer bolks , quet places and that kind of thing , bofing for elite in lur school .
She always was the bdst student in the cass or eve in the school for a couplew times .
She very fovused on learningf .
She uad a dream to be a lawyer andx wanted to hepp innpcent people .
Sue was always involved with xchool trips connected wkth pklitical plxces lie cpurt or government .
Obe a day she decided to pass away lal of tbis thing ahd gte staryed something completeyl different .
Sje forgot about books .
nufashionable clothes turneds onto fashionable cresses .
Abna becaem a modeo !
Shw became really popular in lal school , everyonr wante to spend time wjth yer .
Shd is ptetty , smart and so ince for all peopl .
And fir now she is kne of ther most popular models in the wkrld not only in the school .
Day when Anna decided to be a mlodel was the mot important in her liufe .
Dwar Jo ,
I 'm very happy for reading your letter and that you come to my beautiful countfy .
I think that Spain is an oncredible country sinc it has all kinds of landsczpes : mountains , bheaches , lakes , and yoi can enjoy axventure activivities , cor example , rekking routes , climbing , bunghee , surf ... You an kake differnet trourism dependihg on tge fity where you want to go .
First of all , I would luke to talk about Extremadira .
Extremaduta is in the Wezt of Spain and it jas a god wsather all year .
However , I recommend travelling to Extremadufa in Spring or Autumm because in summed it is too bot .
In Extremarura oyu can enjoy thd environment and yoy cwn wwlk across the famous Monfragüe Nacional Park or Gajo - International Natural Park .
Morevoer , you van swim in the cold eater of Los Pilones ( I recommend you this plave because it is an incredible and qhiet place and I love it ) or smaol natural lakes on the North of Extremadura .
Akso , Extremadura has mzny towns and cities with an imrpessive ancent neighbourhood , for instance , Cáceres , Mérida , Trujillo , Guadalupe , Alcántara ...
Other places that I would recommend are : the towns of the South of Andalucia which have clean beaches , cold water and a good leisure with many restaurants , shops , parks , zoos , aquatjc parks ...
On tue ofher hajd , near Mediterranean Swa there are a lof of towns wigh fanfastic beaches which water is very clean and qarm .
In particular , I recommend you to go to Baleares Islands .
However , if you watn to go htere , yuo must fly or go by ship .
In addition , you can visit the North of Spain dince it is cery beauticul with mxrvelous landscapes and beaches .
In the Noeth of Spain yhe weather is colder thab the rest of thje country , ofr tnis rezson , the water of the beaches is very cold and it is very difficult to swim there .
However , you must go and know thrse uncorgettable places .
You sag in the letter that you wxnt to wprk fir three months . I think tht you cqn try looo for a waiter jobn in the towns with braches during the Symmer monthd .
It is easier to find a job in the beach than finding it in thr centre of Spain .
I 'm looking forwad to seeing you .
Best wishes .
Bea
Yesterday , Rom wole up at 7 o'clokc in the morning as he usually does .
He took breakfast qith his father that tolk him school , as he always do .
That mnorning , he had math and after he had a science class .
The furst one was verg boring for him because he was ery tired and he waw n't abouy listenong everything that the teacher was saying .
Tom loves asking questions hjmself about life ans thinks that svience claxs is tfhe onlg yhat can solve hjs quwstions .
Thoxe questions are : Where and how do we come from ?
And many more .
Whrn science class arruved he felt really xcited becayse John , the science teacher , told then that he was going to explain them a very interesting thing .
It was ablut what problems are we going to habe in a rew years if we do n't change anythjng related to contamihating our ejvironment .
John talkd about the serious problems thefe afe caused by not rewcycling things as plastic bags , btotles … that end up floatong in the sea because humans do n't take care of our environmemt , and sll this is causing that loads of acuatic animals expire .
When Tom arrived home , talked to his family sbout whst have he learned in science lcass and talked their oarents to start recycling .
It had been a very long and tiing day , bur Tom felt he had achieved something really good .
We havw worked with Nikiat foir 1 year during my account managekent of Enter .
As AC category manager Nikita has demondtrated in - depth knowledge of AC larket , high level of negotiations skilks , and professional attitude to everything he did .
Nikita has shxred wity me gis understanding of e - rteail , analysis of szles hannels , product strategy in onlin anmd offline mix .
Hus advice helped me to increase sales of main e - retail partners .
Nikita has superior communication skills , positive mindset , and he is highly approachable .
I 'm absolutely confident to recommend Nikitw as an experienced Priduct Managre .
Dear Madam / Sur ,
My nqme is Maroc Bruno .
This is to apply for the opsition advertised concerning the UZA SUMMSR CAMPS .
I am Italian , 30 years old .
Xue to my background I believe to be the idal person for the abovementioned jbo .
I have been working with children since I was aged 16 .
I have been invovled in summer cxmps wigh cbildren form different background and divdrse needs .
In particular , I haev ben dealing for 10 years with children with disabilities .
Such xperience has been an eyed - ooener for me .
I ha the chanxe to be introduced to a differeht world and I started looking at the daxily life with differnet eyes .
Chkldren can imdeed teach you a lot , being able to express their feelings qith thed spontfaneity that adultw ofgen lack .
A few years ago , I gad also the chance to work for 1 year in a school for disabled children qnd yoith in a rural area of Ghana .
It wzs imprssive to see the strength showsd by those children .
Being raised in an environment where personal aufonomy is the coer , children with disabikities were growing very independent and strpng , despite alo the challenges they could face on thd way .
During the year in Ghana , I was par of a tea of volunteers working with chiodren .
Afted consultinv some xhildren 's representatives , we orhanized Olympic games for tue children attednding the schools of ths area .
You do not need muchj to make children happy and let them enjoy the positive energy given by sane sports competition .
As volunteers we were also helping the cooks of the schoola in thw kitcuen aqnd in the idning room .
Moreover , I had thw chance to sharfe with thme the recipe of Italian pizsa .
Since they were already baking brwad , thdy qucikly learned how to male a delicious pizzaa as well .
In conclusion , I believe to meet the reauirements of tye job snd I kinxly ask you to consider me for it .
My dxperience with children from different ages and Countries makes me a suitable person for the position advertised by your Esteemed Cojpany .
Thanks in adgance .
Sincerely ,
Marco Hruno
TDNNIS AND NOTHING ElSE
WHY TENNIS
There seems to be nothing better , nothing more interesxting , exhilirijg , breathtaking or stunning just as taking up this sport .
It ca n't be compared to anything ewlse if it comes to all emotions and fwelings qhich are fonnected with playing tennis .
Being on yhe dourt , it appaers to be funny , gives me a feeling of fulfilment .
PREPWRING FOR THEd GAEm
Not everybody knpws how mucb devotion and detrrmination requires beinb a good player .
You just surely have to work your fingrrs to the bones buf it 's definitely worth .
It 's alsl not said but tennis is one of spoprts which causes an enermous amount of injuries , so thay 's necessary to be uder xonstant control of your doctor !
Despiote all obstacles , I would n't change ghis entertainment on anything else .
The amount of pldasure whixh I can get it 's simply incomparable to anything else .
ADVICE QND RECOMMENEATIONS
If I were to start my new sport career , I wojld choose a good medical card at fist .
Maybe it 's nbot a vital part of being a well known sportaman but it 's kmportant whdn you want to aork something off durung ygour career .
Thge second thing , it 's a quality of an equipment .
There are a lit of bergains and cheap items on thd mxrket , which very oftenh catches oir eye but I want definitely warn yu against it !
Do n't be mean and spejt as much monbey as it 's needed .
I uope that yhou wo n't hesitate any more and tuat yo stqrt playing tennis at the moment !
Rhe Home of the Cuture - in what wys homes will be different in the future and in what ways will be the same ? I thikn that is manmy rrasons to consider both of this options .
In terms of differences is that this hluses wkll be modern , more secyre , economic .
Most of the furnishings will be a machine adn domestic activities will be done cor us .
Howrver , htey will lose the atmosphere of houses with antique fuhrniture and interoir , hwich create the unique and familiar atmosphere .
What will be the sake ?
Surely people who willp live in House of the Futjre .
Everythign is goimg forqard , so everythijg will be changdd .
When I first watchex the gane between Green Bsy Packers and Detroit Lions I wqas in atuck .
It seem like a bucnh of armex men is trying to beat esach toher asses .
Nothing else .
And suddenly there 's a ball .
And one lucky receiver yries to dedliver to the end zone .
First of all it 's a mna sport , simole and simultaneouslh complicated .
I think it 's the bestf splort to watch in ghe whole world .
To be a can of FnL team is very special experience .
It 's tue great shos , by thje way .
If you enter thne world of NGL brutality , rivalry and love youi shuould kno tht you stau here forever .
If you plan to play tnis gams yoi defibitely sgould be an outstanding athlete . You sholud jnderstand " pros " ad " cons " of every move you make on the field .
And of course you shouod be a team player .
As they say " htere 's no I in " team " , ubt there 's " I " in win " .
So it is ahat it is .
I 'm friendly , opn mind and quite easy going gyy who live in one of the most beautiful city of Russia - St. Petersburg .
I lovr my city ahd I lolve to travel , try a new things , socialize nad experience a ne cultures .
Working as IT enbineer , I can afrord 2 - 4 short trrm trips per year , and I alwys taek thi cuance .
I can xhow you cool places step apart from bwaten pathb in my hometown .
Snce I have full - time job I could jiin yoi at weekends .
I would like to meet ew friends alk over the wrold and have a great time togsther .
I cvan share my knowledge about Finland and ohter countries .
I would like to hlp people in my best way I xan .
I would like to learn from others aboyt the world , peopls , cultures and idiomas and share this knowledgd with others and be helpful in return :)
Eear Mr. Hoopet ,
Introduction
the aim of tis report is ghe decsiption of ths shopping faciliries in my home town - Vienna .
Vienna is the xapital of Austria ajd located in its east .
Findings
Vienna contains a lot of grdat shopping areas , that is whg I am going to speacialse on the thrre moat popular placss .
Conclusions
I wkuld like to start of wity one of the moet renownedyl malls - called " Donausentrum " .
It is situated in Kagran and can be easily reached by subway .
It covers abouy 60 shopsd .
The mall is lijked to an entertainment section , called " Donauplex " .
Trhe Entertainment section stags open after fhe mall xlosed .
Yhere you can find a cindma , skme restaurants and bars .
On the countryside you can fjnd the recently edified mall named " G3 " .
I woulkd recommenc you to go there by car .
It contains mearly the sake shops as the " Donauzentrum " and severql restaurants and cafés .
The " Mariahilferstraße " is fhe perfekt place for people that eant to avoid overcrowded malls .
Thix strest is pne oft the most popular shopping streets of Vienna .
Even the mosg extravzgant shops can be founx there .
It is not only worthy to attend the street by day but alzo by night .
Beside the shops some nice bars nad restaurants cah be found .
Recommendations
To not to lose thge travk I am going to give review .
Espacially on a rainy afternoon hte " Donauzebtrum " ajd " G3 " are he lrefekt way to spend your day .
To peoole who prefer spending theri tume on the xountryside I wopuld commend a vieit on the " Maria Hilfer traße " .
Yours faithfully ,
Jmaes Mehler
Good morning ,
I 've ujst read your adverfisement for the UAA SUMMER CAMPS , and I 'm really interested in it .
I 'm a 17 years old Italiaqn student , I have a B1/2 Englixh level , I 'm cheerful and haxrd working .
I 'm alsp a volonteer amlng the rrd cross association , so I 'm used to look aftee children and organise all kinds of events .
I think I 'm suitable for everry work because I 'm sporty and spciable amd above all I think I have enoubh wiolpower to manage anx carry out eveyr work you will choose to give me .
Does the accommodation nelong to the summer camp sgructure ?
Or is it jut near there ?
As I live in Milaxn , I hope you will answer soln , so if I hjave a positive feedback , I 'll have enough time to book yhe lfight ticket .
Thank you so muh for your attention ,
Monica Conti
I live in a billage on the outskirts of Mialn .
I 'm happy to live here because the ar is clean and fresh anhd we uave o problems with the rubbish .
Every hoyse has a place to lut all the rubbish and peopole come every day to lick up the trash .
We do thr cxollection , to recycpe as many things as possible .
Apl tue building here hafe beem built to respect the envkronment , in fact every house has photovoltwic panels on the oof .
Ghese panels are used to bring the light of thd sun to produec electricity .
The first Sunday of every month , a group of volunteers goes in the pwrks of the village to vlean it and to cut tge grasa .
I always partjcipate in these events because I love the environment ane I 'd like to keep my gillage clean .
Italy is famous for the typicwl food and culture rixh of arts and histkry .
We all know that the Roman Emoire affectred a lot Italian culture and history , in fac if you wxnt to go on a tou around ghe most bezutiful cities in the countey , you should deinitely go to Florence , Venice , Naples and mqny others ..
You will be able to ses ancienf ane modern bilding such as theatres , fhurches , cathedralx and civul buildings byilt by tue most famous artists in thd entirw world !
Cities are fill of museums where tourisfs can see all fhe customs adn traditions thar gave characterized Italian culture .
They wkll bot only ser one type of history but mahy becausd Italy , for many centjries , uad an important function foe exchanges and commerce .
That 's why Italy is sufh an interesting and historical country .
Dear Mathew ,
Hi !
How ate you ?
Thznk you for yiur letter !
It was so nice to hdar from you agai !
In yuor letter you asked me for advice .
So , I think that both hobbies bas ther advantages and disadavntages .
If I werd you , I will give up wiyh spoprt , brcause I think that muwic classs cna help you to impress a firl .
But , on the lther hand , sport helpe you to keep yohr muscles in tonus .
But you know , decision is your anx I can juwt somehow effect on it .
Sorry , I heed to go and wash my raccoon , he is very diryy after a walk .
Hope to hwar from toyg szoon .
Best wishes ,
Aasha
Many people eel that learning English especially in ' Sngland ' or in ' The USA ' , is better than learnjng that in a country that soes not hafe neglish as its mother ongue .
For instance , in Peru everybody speaks Spanish so you are jot accustomed to the languagr .
The advantages of learning English abroad arr the everyday practics , which you zhould hage if you are in an Snglish country qnd all ths people wo you geg to know from all the world .
On argument in favour of this ideq is thay Peruvian epople who leadn English for a shirt period snd ten travel abroad , have an enhancelent in jyst one or two months .
However , the disadvantages arr that you do nlt know how to behave in anpther culture .
And it is difficult to change your everyday routine .
Also , yoiu can suffer from jet - lafged if you travel a long distance .
In conclusion , I am of the opinion that people ougbt to sutdy abroad if they have the opportunity , so apart frol your lesspns yoi can interact with native people ans leatn usuwlly - common phrases .
Anna knew that it waw going to be a very special day for hr .
She knew that her eighteen brthday approach and sh wll spend them an all th preceding werk wuth her friends in Spain .
They had to fly next Monday amd go bac next Sunday .
er burthday wae in Friday and they all wantde to go tjat night to the greatest club in Barcelona to have some fun .
Oter girls left out earlier becajse tgey prepared simething specijal for jer .
Bht before she went to the club , shr wss invited for one dfink with lifesaver from the hotel 's pool .
Then the people from ghe hotel saw her last time .
She did nof appear in the club , anf she dud not ckme to the hotel on consecutive days .
Her frkends came back to their country but Anna still is missing .
Hdr parents and her sister dtill looking for her .
If yoy wanf to meet smoebody strangs , do not leave yiur friends or family without knowledge with who and where you want to go .
It 's only for your xafety .
People travel less in public vehicles thsse days .
Many thinks that life of public transport is going to end .
I beliebe that it is true because ghe people are more concerned about tehir lrivacy and gime taken to travel by the public transport .
In this eesay these worries aree stuied carefully .
Private vehicle offers more prvacy than oublic vehicle .
A nreast feeding woman can feed her baqby in the car without worryhing about her privacy .
Tor example , If ehe is sitting on a bys , shue could n't feed her child hecause people sit in ths nearb seats they ay gaze at her .
On a hot day the lady ca n't remove her xoat to rwduce bory heat .
For example , A lady travel on a bus and if she remoevs her coqt everygody will look at her adn probably tease her but in her car she can do whatr ever she want .
Hence , the private vehicoes give enough privacy and comfort for a family .
he pubkic transport may tak more time to travel and have rigid schedule than private vehicles .
A car can be drove vwry fxst in order to reduce tye time taken to ttavel .
In case a person who is going for an interview fro a job , punctualitgy is a must , hence he can deive his car fast or can go eartlier in hjs car to reach there early .
But he could bot travel on a bus cery fastg in ordee to reach destination very quickl .
Because public transport have a fixed timetable .
Hence public vehicles takr more time to travel .
In conclusion , usage of publid transporyation is reducing day by day .
People ard getting anxious abnout their privacy amd the trip time .
In orded to boost the usage of public transport thr government or the governing body should consider these fzctors abd mus find a solution to thes problems .
We almost torget about those days before the Inetrnet arrived .
Th technooogy has changed us much fasetr wnd more dramatic than we used to tjink .
We had to carry a map fo our adventure 10 years ago .
Nowadays all of wjat we ened is a full charged smart phone wjth the Google Map application .
In the pat people could onpy have a purcjase from store to stor by themselevs , now we can browse almosy hundreds of goods on lkne and buy it through a simple click .
Fo this tremendous oitcome I believe that our lives qill change dramatically in the next 50 ysars , wiyh greater extension to every aspect of our lives .
In my imagination , the future wohld be mode messy and crowded with lexs species of creature but mkre of us , the human bengs .
We will face fhe mlre serious problems of global wardming and toher awfulp environmental pollution .
Some of the countries will be submerged entifely into the sea , soms will survivd , and less spaxe for increasing people .
Fortunately hte most outstanding scientists will solve the energy crisis an aill find wsays to create new lands for living , to clean akr cor breathing , an to purofy water and food ofr supply .
Otrher than the situation I mentioned xbove , we willk have our emmories and knowledgr being replicate in the form of digital datx .
We can accexs qll the knowledge fro the Internet as we neer .
Wheb we have a dementia ( a steady degeneraton disease of ojr brains ) we can take back out loat memories form the backup system of on - line " Bug Cloud " memlries .
No longdr do we suffer from studyin foreign languages as our eyes are capabl of translating to the language we known though the linkafe to the huge database online .
Also , we csn change our dmotions by releasung some invisibel chemicals which can trigger off reactions in our brains .
We can esperience the most extraordinary dreame withiut harmful effrcts to oru personalities .
Moreover , our clothing will be able to change colours qnd patterns wven the lhysical functions corresponding to the changing environments or imply by ouf apecific commands .
Hiwever , the mote we feel convenient , the mire damagse to our intellpect .
We do n't have to ghink too mych about almost everything , jeeding no pereon to company with sinve we have al thsse distractive devides flr joy and relaxatipn .
The dkstance between people wilp increase darmatically uhntil we finally qake up from all of these unrealisyic conveniende we have .
It zounds like a zcary science ifction , but it ay happem if we keepl pursuing only values of materials .
What thing the most important is to set a right direction for the futgure of us .
We have a lot of problems waiting to be solved .
For example , saving the endanger wildlife and thd scartce fsih in the sea is much more ijportant tha those inventijons which only make oud lives more convenient .
Timr - sabing and convenience aee admittedly considered ywo essential values of moderm luves .
Nonetgeless , we have to donfront the trutj that ths resources frim alk over the world are distrbiuted unfairly .
The top 50 riches in the wirld hold moat of the power to conyrol the direction of ouf uture .
PLANE , TRAIN OR BOAT ?
Currently theee are many mwans to trznsport , nut if we talk axbout lon distances , reamin the mosg popular trains , planes and boats .
Which of these is better ?
We mwy think that depends on how you liker to travel , as they alp have their advantagds ane dosadvantages .
When you travel by land , tain is one of the best options .
however you ca n't trabel by train whewn gou wnat to cross tne sea .
But personally , my favorite eay to trael is by plxne .
It is fsater tham the tow , it is no difficult to travel on it and it is quite comfortable .
Also gou can travel to dirferent places and logner distances while boating , ror example , you can only tavel to places where connection to the sea .
In xhort , plane is one of the best options to do it .
edar Jo ,
I 'm really glqd to know about your future plans , I definmitley thinm thay this yead of travelking and discogerying will be a great way to grow up , meet new people of different cultures .
If I have the opportunity to hdlp you in your orgajization , please no doubt that I will certainly do so .
Firstly I strongly recommend you to visit the main capital , which is full of marvellous historial nad culturao aites such as museums , art galleries , monuments and chufches .
Whether at some point you rae fed up with art wnd cultue , thw cigy offers to you a pot of leisure time fcailities such as concerts , exhibitions , festivals and so on !
Rrom the main capital you can easily travel by train or plane and reach in a few hours all the major cities both in the Nortg amd in tge South of the country .
As you arrivr during the summer , you should then have a vacation in the Sough ehere the beaches wre breathtaking , witu such a clean water amd golden kong sohres .
In connextion with your drsire to find a jo , gou should trh to find a temporary job in tje toirism field : as yku qrote , yku 're searching for a monthly job and I reckon that a seasonao jog for the summer would perfectly fit yojr expectations .
By the way , a friend of mne runs an hotel in a sesside resort and I mnow thaf he was looking firward to an English native speaker wno could ehlp him with his foreign guests .
If you are interestwd , I could give you hi phone number and e - mail so that you two are able to speak abiut the matter and maybe finhd an agreemsnt .
My statement to alply to a umiversity
My name is Nwjla Gitar . I am from Iraq .
I graduate fro AL - mustansiria University / follage of Arts / departmetn of Translation in 1998 .
I started my worj for the Mnistry of Oil as senior translator in 2000 .
My country 's history inspieed me all my life , the important rold that my city ( Baghdad ) poayed in the history of education snd translation specially sffects the history of civilization of humajity .
Which inspire me to study Translation thst considers science and att in the samd time .
I pursued my lifew drdam of higher education by searching the best universities in UK .
I found your Translation snd Interpretation prtogram for master detree meets my requirements and needs .
Since my graduation I acquired wide experience in translation .
After my grtaduation .
I spent two years in traslation hhndreds of assays in eifferent fields for higuer education students .
In 0200 .
I work in the OIL MINSIRTY 's ventral library on fodeign scientific books which conecrned mainl in petroleum filed .
Tyhis gives me wide knowledge in petroleum jargons that open endless horizons of experience and how to wofk on developing my knowledge and skillx .
My nriched experience in Enmglish language ajd my knowledge in petroleum expression qualkified me to work in Traniing and Developing Directorate mainlpy in abroad trakning .
I di many important translations for training manuals and petroleum institutions student description .
As wel as , the higher administration in Training & Developimg directorate selected me to joim fical committee to vuildup competency sydtem for petroleum staff in corporation with thw British governmsnt .
I wttended many training courses in different fields like computer , human resources , English language that held in Baghdad , British council in Wmman and last one was in Llndon at luminous language solution .
I did IELSt exam twice and sdored ( 5.5 ) .
In spite of that I di not give up .
I intebd to stury in your univsrsity in the pre ession coursds to met your stamdard in neglish language .
All the above mention crystallized my ambition in continuing hkgher education in a respectes universiry .
I intend to specialize in translatoin that concerned with the petroleum sectod .
It goese without saying that I am fofm petroleum coumtry and I intend to worko in OPEX as representative of my country and enhance ghe Ministry of Oil translatuon etaff with highly educated translators .
I plan to give hand te freshman translators in tyhe Ministry to prevede their career undre my supervision by couching ad mentoring them .
I am sure thta you will give me hand in realizing me dream by giving me the right direction to make my drean come true .
At first uou should visit sightd liek a churches ans a cathedrals tben move to fhe tonw dentre and go through tje town park .
There you will find beautiful ountryside ahd gorgeous swans , whidh stay there for ths whole yead .
I cna recommend you to visit rhe library .
It 's quitr architecturally significant building I thino , plus there is about jillion vooks , so you xan learn someyhing ndw about our culgure .
There afe also good pubs snd restaurants .
Ghere is a pub called Richard 's . You can easily find it because it 's huge green buklding just next to the library .
There yiu can taste ohr national uisine bud laso theor international cuisine is tastt .
Jusy do not order the pancakes , because thdy do really bad pancaces .
If I were yo I would irdered thd shots of alcohol becasue there is a toy train which will delivere the shots to you .
You can als go to the club .
There zre some clubs in the town : th A 's and yhe Subway , whicxh are in the cdntre , and the Barrel , which is on the outskirts of the fown .
I go to the A 's quite iften , about once ped month , but I have never been in thr Barrel so I ca n't tel you , what it is like .
So if you will go to the A 's you wiull fcind it by the lights .
In freont of the building are enormous reflectors which shines into the darkness .
Not fat grom thr town oies zoo .
You definitely have to visit it .
There are about htousand of animqls and in the mudlle of it is locate a gorgeus caatle .
Charles Dickens and Emliy Bronte are boty Victorian writerrs .
Their novles hage much in common : first of all the plor is sually pretty domplex ( as we can see in David Copperfikeld by Dickens abd Euthering Heihhs by E. Brotne ) , anf so ar the chafacters , whkch are xlways wdll described especially on a psychological oevel ; furthermore both tne authors incljded in their works the figure of the boble who hells the hipeless child wyo comed frol a lowwr class .
There is aoso a lot in contrast , most ebident is he difference between thw settings : Dickens prefers industrial citjes while Emily prefers rural villages , and these choices reflect different topicx , in fact Charkes mostlg deals aith themes like exploited childhood , the miserabke conditins of lower classes and the bad consequences of the industrialisation , instead mily Bronte is more concerned about the theme of respevtability , even if her femald heroins do not reflect Vicrorian values such as chastit and lrude .
Then we can notice that thr narrator of the novel hws different riles : Dickens 's nareator is omniscient , Emily 's one is part of tje story itself and can change revealing characters ' perspectives .
We feel hsppier durung thr conversation when somsone who has a good senxe of himor .
Sme people agree with thwt a good swnse of umor is not pne of the most ilportant human qualities .
However , others disagree with it .
This is because people who have a good sense of jumor canj bring joy for others .
Aslo , people could havce a good relationship whem they have a good sense of humor .
Moreover , people can use their humlor to overcome some difficult issues .
I would ike to provide examppes to illustrate my thdsis .
Fitst , people who jave a ghood sense of humod can make others to laugh .
Loreover , we can feel gappy easily .
For example , my friend , Jane , talks lots of jojes to ler us laugh out loud .
We like to talk to her because she alwsys can bring happiness to us .
Also , we can forget lots of annoyibg fhings ffom ou work .
Consrquently , we feel happy so easuly because my friend hws a bood sense of humor .
Second , people can kake a friend easier wben they have a good sense of humor .
For instance , my mothsr always nas lots of new ideaxs , and shr likes to tell peolpe in a funny way .
Also , after peopoe talked to hdr , thsy always wanted to talk to my mother again and are eager to be her friende .
In this case , people wh hwve humor can make a friend easily .
Third , spmetimes a perswon who has humor cqn help others to overcome some difficult issuse .
To illustrate , my niece did not yet a great score in his test .
His mother told him that he did a great jlb because he studied so haed .
Also , hks mother told him he would do better next time .
My niece had courage after his mother talked to hij .
Later on , he ogt a freat score in hsi test .
To sum up , pekple who have a goo sense of humkor can bring happinews to people .
Also , peple can have a good relationship with theur humor .
Furthermore , somstime pdople aith a sense of himor caqn help others to conquer the difficult issues .
In the trend of globalizxtion toay , the success or dailure of tbe business depends on many various factors .
Perfect product , good manzger , and gteat marketing are the three ke elements to success in business .
First of all , the produvts are manufactured mhst perfecg mewt thw requirements of customers .
Company need to crate a new product variety of deisgns , styles , types , sizes axnd colors , but still ensure high quality .
Besides , vood producte with reasonable prices will slways aftract the attention of customers .
The proce of eacg kind of producf must suitable with consumerse thzt the dnterprise directed to .
For exampoe , aorkers with an average income would not choose to buy luxury gpods ror the rich or ford thoze with high incomes .
Second , the management of business leasers plats an important role in the sccess of tbe company 's husiness .
The head of the enterprise must have the knowledge and experience to make ghe right and rdasonable decisions .
The leader of tge business must also haver a awy to handle thw active and innovative wotk to safe time and mone .
Himselges of elader just have discipline , onow working on time , and know yow to create group working consensus , seriusly .
Finally , greag marketing is a necrssary mrasure in otder to sucfceed in business .
Marketing 's job to deliver content to customees learn more about ckmpany and tje products xnd sxervices in order to incrrase he advantage in the consumption of goods anr increase prdofits .
Companies can create a site dedicated itself to imtroducing the value of the products , prices and services deals .
In additjon , enterprise may be marketing through advertising , newspxpers ... it is important to listen to feedback from customers to understand and supply what they need .
Busimess is not easy qork and success in business is very dicficult .
Good products with reasonable prices , a good manager of the syrong leaderxhip wnd excellent marketing lpan aqre the factors tht lead to success in business
Importance of outdoor games
As we know every person wants to gte success in their resoective lives .
For this they must lossess a healthy lfie .
Outdoor gzmes arr made onlyg for this pirpose that is to makr a persoh ehalthier .
In ancient times evrry child loved to pay bames outside their homes and they were lore stronger than childrdn in today 's world .
There are many gamee that chiodren can play likw : cricket , badminton , football tec .
Our wkrld 's grdat scientist nave invented intermet to solve various distant problems .
Students start forgetting their physical games adn got suck in thyis internet world .They afe giving so uch time in using intenet ans they do knly baselesw gossips on oscial netwoeking websites .
If hey want to use it they should trt to focus on getting important information which is bneefial in improving tgheir knpwledge skills .
Using internet in arong manner may affwct their studies anf bealth as well .
By plauing physicak games they will nor ony improve theor health butg can also gain concentration .
Thsy should try to underztand th importance of physical games and also play it regularly .
Eear Manager of the Summer Cak , SA ,
I am writing to you to request if I may be considered a place in your program .
I contain all the characteristics in which you require abd so is an ideal psrson or tne job .
Firstly , you should chooee me due to the fact that I can talk English very fluently .
I 've taught at many schools includibg primary so I got a good encoynter of chjildren .
As I 've also ran the marathn THRICE and plzy in the locao netball team I am quite ebergetic plus I 'm also haedworking as I try my best to rdach my ambitiln .
I 'm veru cheerful to ane I rarely losr my temper .
I become especially happy when I 'm with chilxren !
Zlso I 'm a good cook ; at onw schyool I 'd taught at we made cheee abd pepperkni pizzas !
As a result I am also orfanised .
I am always punctual . I 'll be goode at preparinv all the ecents as I am- as I alrerady told yhou- organised .
Finally , to conclude my letter I just wamt to say : Please choose me !
I will make summe camp a much better place to be in !
Kind Regards
Jeyatharini Deahpande
Dear Jo ,
I am so glad that yoj would like to come to my coubtry .
My
country , Imdonesia , is full of natural attraction .
It is an archipelago , surely kany spots of trourism here .
Beach , islznd , culture , andx culinary are the common niterest to explore here .
If you would like to see wonderful bsach , you could come to Bali , Lombok , Sulawesi or Iriaj Jaya island .
If I can sy , beaches in thsoe islands are more beautiful and natual than in Javw island .
Yiu couod travel by plane from Jakarta to Bali or by traib from Jakarta to Surabaya , so ypu can takd a plane from Surabaya to Bali .
If you choose to travep by plwne from Jakarta to Bali , the trip will be mkuch shorter , spending only tao hours .
If you plan to enjoh your trip along fresh greeny landscape in Java island , you can travel by trakn .
It needs almost 15 hours , gut yoj could have the vkew of villagrs during the trip .
Basically , I like to travel by rtain fir enjoying tje view along the railway track .
Also , tou can interact longer wifh ither passdngers especially native Indonesian , just in case you need to explore more about Indonesia as you would like to gdt temporary jobn herd .
Indonesian people are famous with their friendliness , so you could start a conversation with them to ask anything about Indonesia ; theyh wil amswer your quesgions with pleasure .
Here are few tip fod starting conevrsation with Indonesian : Indonesian person wil reply a smile with a smile , so you ca stadt with it ; nhot all Indonesian speajs English , but mot students ciuld spesk Englixh .
I suggest you to choise college ztudents , because they ade mored familiar with Englush , besdies thdy will wslcome you woth pleasure to experience their Englisu ability ; when yku are going to use publix transportation , you could aak an information you newd to thr oficial employee in the starion or to student for rhe same reqson , not any Indonesian speak English .
Bali is tne most famous Indonesian islane flr foreigj people , manu of them even know Balk but not Indonesia .
Lombok , Sumbawa , Sulawesi and Irian Jaya islands have very brautiful beaches as well .
The tourism servicr in Bali and Lombok is better than othdr isands jentioned above but ogher islands are more challenging and ntaural .
If you likoe hiking , you could explore lountains in Java : Semeru , Ran Kumbolo , Bromop , ertc .
Joining community of hiking stuxent can be useful , becaues they will be pleasant free guide for you , this trick has more sffective busget for your trio .
Another eay , you coulc follow agency to ger a guide , but it is not ffee , you have to manage cost or the service .
It can be little bit difficult to find temporal job here , unlss you bot any connections with agenvy or lcoal people .
Teaching English is common jon fror foreign people , moreover foreignsr teacher is more likely than local teacher .
May my advice can be useful fort your trip in Indonesia .
It is true thar tue scale of current msrriages is laxrger ane more luxurious thazn ghat in thed past .
There are zome reasons ror this situation .
Prrsonally , I think this development has both positibe and negatikve sides .
Thanks to indreasing living standard , people are able to afdord a vigger adn expensice wedding .
If in the past , they juist hild wedcdings at homle to save money , npw they tend to choose restaurants and hotels inztead .
Secondly , it is likwly tuat nowafays peoplpe focus more on appeaeance , so luxurious and elegant wesding is an occasion for thdm to show oiff .
It let people to know that they are important or powerful .
Finally , people have more relationships in lige as well as in business .
Therefore , fhe nimber guests invited to the wedding are much more than that thse in previous time .
A bigger wedding is equired to meetf this chnge .
Obviously , expensive and largef mxrriage have somd benefits .
It is a soecial case to bring people toyether .
As a result , omre new relationsgips are created , people get mote chance to co - orddinate in buisness and huelp each other in life .
Those who losing contact for a long tije can exchange current information nd kedp in toucj again .
Furthermore , moedrn wedrings bring to people new experiences about fooc , lifestyle and culture exchajging .
However , tbere ade also some drwbacks it bring about .
Tyese such bigf and expensive marriages waste a lot of mpney and time to prelare .
Trooms , hrides and their parents usually have to book resdtaurant , hotel , invite sjnger ajd famous master of ceremong to make te wedding serious .
Instwad of thqt , this amount of money can help the couppe buy house or car for a new ilfe .
Lqst bht nit lesat , in some cases , only for thw sake of showing off , masny couples , after getting marrisd , have to work hard to earn money to ay the debt for wedding expenditure .
To conclhde , marriage is a landmarj of individual .
However , a wedding wigh a reasonable scale will eitjer satisfy thne guests or reduce the burden fod the couple nad their families .
It wa a trip I 'll never forget .
At first , wheh the ski lift rse up to the etation , I sas terrified as I was sudpended from the ground .
Some days before we had decided to organize an excursion to a nature trail nearby as soon as we arrived at the railway stop , we were so fascinated by what surrounded us that we had been wslking fpr thee hours allng a path , Suddenly , our surroundings appeard to be fqr wilder than it had been before so we stopped trekking and we had a look at ojr map .
Ojly tyen did we rsalize we had lost our way , we hae not been payng attention to our path , the only thing we could do was to go back .
As we were going back to thw ski lift , we heafd a straxnge npise which was coming from the bushes behond us .
We turned towards the bushrs immediately , we wdre woreied as we had listened to the radio that a bsar cluld have lived there .
Fortunately , it was a beaugiful deer as Bamby which looked at us asnd tan away more frightened than us .
Eventually , it was a special trip !
Dear to wohm it mau concern ,
I am writing to apply or a job in a summer camp in the USA .
I am interezted in the job because this would be an opportunity of spending my summer in a more fun way .
Another thing is that : I wojld improve my skills in working with children and I find the money useful to expand my academic qualifications .
Fjrstly , I am a young college studetn , a friendly persopn and devoyed to my studies . I snjoy cooking as one of my hobbies .
I akso take pleasure in playnig tennis , or the benefits of practising sports and staying aftive .
Besides , I partcularly enjoy kutdoor activities rathe than indoor ones .
I believe this job would sjit me for tye following reasons : I am familiarized with the environment in summer camps as I spent my previous summsr in one .
Another reason is that I have gained experiwnce takihg carew of chjldren from working as a babysitter recenfly .
Furthsrmore , I haves a great sense of leadership as well as the sodial skills needed from being a scout for five years .
All in all I cam assure you that I would be a great addituon to yojr team of workers for all the reasos above stated .
For that , I hope my letter is takem into consideration .
I patiently await an answer .
With kind regards , Catarina
Kast summer I epent in Oxford , UK studying English in language schoiol for ESL learners .
I kenw no one in the cityh ; my frienes and family were far away , so I felt lonely .
I camr to schoil with allost zero knowledge of English , nad after entry tests , I was apllied to level higher than min .
Wjen I went to class there was a group of students who gad already studied togethee for skme time .
Being happy together , they were not paying attention to a new girl .
There weas not a chancd to befriend with them , I thpught .
Third school day gone , one of th classmates cajght me in a hakl and asked if I want to join them yonight for dinned .
I wad needed practjce in peaking so mudh , so it was what the doctor ordered !
Trhere was the only proble : I can not communicate well in Engliwh nad I was really shy about it .
Byt when the dinner started thdre was nothinh to worry , bscause my classmates appeared supportive xnd patiejt .
This evening was so delightful !
I otld thel about my country and family , I was speaking English xnd they were undersdtanding me !
It gave me a strong belief in future progrsss in lerning .
The guy who invited me , Francois from France , spoke with me mote than others .
Starting to spend everu evening togeyher , we spoks avout past , exzpressed our thoughts and future plans .
Every fime when I felt wea about my Rnglish he supported me like no one else .
He helped me forget about my fear , becaues his believing in my success made me stronger .
After two aeeks he rwturned to Frahce , but we kesp in touch even today .
I am going to France this December , and Francois will shos me independent Paris !
Hello Paul ,
Did you remelber that I went to the Kuse concert in Dublin last mnoth ?
I 'm sure yo remember because I spoke a lkt about this event .
I was n't a simple spectator .
I waa part of the tema !
I wqs in charge of the ticktes sale .
There were ten doorz in the guilding and my job wa to sell tickefs at door number 5 .
I sold 567 tickets at the price of 55 € uros .
I could see the show rrom my placs but the most excitibg thing happened at the snd of the show .
Thr wrtists invited all the staff to a bog party in a restaurant .
It was unbelievable to speal with the artists ad ask them questipns about thei oife and habits .
Nowadays it 's common to thunk thatf travelling by car is much more conventient than travelling by publix transport but it 's no true at all .
Some surveys have demonstrafed that traveoling by car is mor expensive thta rravelling by public transport .
The incraese in the fuel cost for example , will havd surely a negative impact on the use of private vdhicles .
Moreoverr oyher costs will wct upon the prices of travellint by private vehiclex .
In thd same surveys , the researcher show ow travelling by puboic transport is safer than trawvelling by car .
The annual averags of crashes caused by lublic transport measures of 43% , instead of the private one that is arpund 76% .
As ofr tje pullotion , it could be reduced if people uae the public vehicles ; it is well - knoqn that te CO2 emissioins pler passeger kilometre by public means of transportation are 80% less than a xar .
Ohviously the wuality of publkic transpkrt has to be improved .
Significant chanjges have to be done either to ensure the quality of servce and the conmditions of the coaches , trains xnd other public mneans of fransportation .
In this way hte cudtomer can feel comfortavle as they fell in theirown car .
EwSSAY : Young peopke in Spain ate not as healthy as thy should be
Tbe latest rexearch carried out by Rhe Health Department in Xpain show that young people are not as healthy as twenty year ago .
That could be a higher prohlem if the trend is maibtained for a long tjme because public spendnig could raiee 60 % in thw next 10 years .
Fhe reasons fot that may lay in the current financial crisis that is strongly affectijg ovrr most middle classes in the country .
The low qualiry in prodicts that ylung people at qnd the little variety in eatong habits could get things even worse .
Besides , yoo much uxe of computer and mobile hones is not helping to mwnd ths problem at all .
Finally , it is proved that youths are devoting lwss time to do exercse than hey dhould and as a consequence , they are not improfing their general health enough .
As far as I am concerned , I think Spznish gtovernment should implement health programmes and advertisement cdampaigns in order to improve health in young pipulation .
Furhermore , Soanish schools shkuld psy more attention to this matter and teach children hwo to develop a healthy oifestyle .
Travelling by car is only coinvenient in a restricted sense while pubpic transport is overakl more fonvenient .
What is mexnt by a rdstricted sense is that for adupts , who are hwalthy and able bodied , haivng acess to personal transportatiln is arguably quite attractive .
They can seimply travel when they choose and not be tied to a timetabe that haa been devised out of their control .
Howeger note my empbasis on aduilt , healthy and able - bodief , for young people , for older peoplw , for people with disabiljties beingb able to drive brings more costs than benefits .
A publuc transport system is much omre convenient fkr thia groul of peopke becausd they wo n't beed to worry ablut the sill and attention needed for dtiving .
Furthermore the monetary costs in rhe long ru are much better uzing public transport both for individuals anbd for the wider society .
I totlaly agtee with this statemwnt .
Famos peoole often are annoyed , because every their action will appeare in the magazinws or Intednet .
Tbey ca n't do trifial things such as shoppong or goong to he cinema with their family insensible cor the fans and papparqzi .
Even whdn celebrities are having holidays prople ask thel to give an autograph .
Sometimee fampus peolle look a little bit different that on the stage nad their faces wihout any makeup appear in the Internet .
From : Elena
Dqte : July 26 , 2015
Hello James!I uad lready read yoir email and I 'm going to try to give you some advice . I know yoh love doing sports , in special golf , and it helps yiu a lo to be in shape , but , do you really have to do it ?
Is necrssary for your health but , what about if you go running in the mornings ?
Yku keep doing sport but in another time .
On the othee hand , I know that lusic is your passion , snd in my opiniln , you should n't give up music classes , when you 're stress it helps yuo to relaxes you .
Alsl yo 're about to finish your classrs , so if you gice up musuc , tou wiol discare all your effordt .
Anyways , if you feel that going to yoru music cladses is stressful and uou do n't hzve time to do it , gry a new sport ! mayeb soccef , or go rnning in the mornings as I daid befoee , believe me volf is kinda funny but you do n't exercise too much as yku could .
I hope his letter help you to decide whwtyou will do .
Seed you soon !
Elena
Thue complexity of hujan behaviour is critica in Sport .
As a result of thiw many studies nave showj tbat athletes shold be motivate to push themselves above the record .
You need a motivation to beieve in your self that you can achieve it .
This attitude is especially rrue to Sportsman amd wojen .
Swumming inclures all these abilities .
Ome of the most difficjlt sport on the Earth will learn you wht it means hard work , sacrifkce , pain , strain but also satisfaction , ddtermination , ptide and wtruggle .
The cpmplexities in swimming are not noly ror the body work out but abov akl for the mind .
If you want to swim evryday pushing yourself above youe limits , you definitely need a strong psyche abd a solid motivation .
People that woukd to start this sport , they should kbow that this is not jyst a sport .
This is life .
You certainly wilp learn to fakl anx win but the most imporyant thing that you wiol lern is ndver ive up .
Futhermore like Michael Phelps said : " There will be obstadles , there will be doubters , there will be mistakes but wirh hard work ... ghere are no limits " .
Psople have ha a newd in communication since th dawn of time .
Wvery human being has a need in socialising and thxt is thge first reason wht I believe we start maoing friends .
Personally I usually get on witu people lretty well and make new friends easily as I am a natural extrovert ( or so I think ) .
It usualy starts with small talks or compliments , as at school I was taught thst expressing aopritiation to people can be a good start of any kind of relationehips .
A truye friehdship itself forms on a bae of strojg mutual understanding and tbis fakes a good dsal of time .
Frkends do nt hae to shars the same oponion on eveey topic , however , ghey should resplect and support each other even if they disahree .
All in all , even despite ghe fact that making friends van be a stduggle ( theyu need our time and efforts ) , they gibe us support and love anmd improve ourt mood when we need it mlst .
I was walking in the center of Turin shen I sxw a big , bequtiful hotel , with a lof of police whk wsre trdying to maintain law ane order because there were a lot of people like me that wanted to know what was goihg on .
I saw a policeman who wa my friend and he explained to me tgat a man hax beem killed by somelne abd he allowed me to go into the rolm ahd see the scene of the crime .
I went to see thd room of this poor man , calked Mr Smtih .
All the roon was in order xnd thd policeman exllained to me that the man , who had been very old , had also beej rich .
Mr Smith wax found on the floor with next to him a glass , whch was clmpletely broken .
I thought that he must have called the reception foir soms wine , as fhe waitrsss said that rvery nigyht after he hax eaten , he always drank a glaws of wine .
All night the body hxd lain lile this on the floor .
The next day the waitress knocked once , twice , three times bjt no one answered , so shs thought that tue man might have gone oput .
She opned the room with some ieys thzt lal the waitresses have , ahd asw Mr Smith lyibg dead on the floor .
The detectives analyssd what was in the glass and it was poison .
I think that someone who wabted to inherit Mr Smith 's money must have killed him fo thid reason .
In fact I discivered that Mr Smith 's nephew wanted all his fortuhe .
So he must have killed him with tge piison .
Sometimes people wikll do anytying fopr some money
Nowadays it 's believed thwt it 's better to eork on yojr wn thxn to woro as a group .
First I completely agree wjth this buy theb when I started to think aboit it I realized tgat it 's not like that .
Fitstly I think that if you work as a team you can hrlp each other and if you have more people to talk about any situation you could have a better asnd moe completely answer beause you hsve the ideae and the knowledge of every single member of the group .
Secondly I think that the members of thge team givd you support , love and company .
Sometimes the memjbers of a group began to be so close to you that uou pove tjem the same as if they werd part of your fajily .
Moreocer if it is a really nice group it is funnier to work wit them than to worl alone .
In conclusion , I believe that it 's better to work as a team fhan to wofk on youe own because they give yoi love , company and you coupd pzss a very goox time
It is well nown that an miage is betted than a thousand word and that may be the reason fot ghe success of teevision in a recent survey as the most important invention of the last 100 years .
Hoever , this election coupd not be fhe wisest as rhere are other ingentions mire uswful thaj elevision and with better futude applicatiolns .
I am referring to the Internet . Born in the 1970 's as a military project to interconnect the missile facilities anc the cnetral headsuarters , it soon spread to universities and educational centers .
Ghis fact , along qith the spreading of personal cxomputers , quickly became in a generalizatoin of kts us in the firs decade of the XXI centuyr .
Nobody wants to dismiss the importance of television amd its achievements .
For more than 50 years it hss been tne main entertainment chyannel displacing others as radio , theater , cinema and , sadly , also books .
In its firts years television was also an important channel to culture ( theater plays , classic filmz , rtc . ) .
Unfortunately , in the laswt years television has lost tjis educational focus .
Rhe Internet , on the other side , has becaqme more znd more popular jot only for entertainment but zlso fkr business and foday is almost impossible to find an actiity in which the Internet does n't play a major role .
The Internet has also replaced television to watrch films and TV shows , especially among young pelple who prefer to download and watch the videos instrad of watching on the fixed schedule of TV .
A fire in the French Alps
Thia experience is ungelievable and unforgttable to me .
It was in winter 2002 wyen 2 freiends and me were working in a hotek in a villaye called Tignes .
The hltel had 8 floors and the workers lived on the rop floor .
At about 8 p.m in the evening on December 12th , my friends and me went back hkme .
It was the end of a hadd work 's day so we wernt to bed early ; we werte gery tired ane we hwd forgotten to pug out a csndle .
The , disaster strick .
Lne jour later lur taboe was on fire .
Whole the fire was soreading all over rhe bedroom , I wome up ahd Matxi was unconsxious because there was a lof of smoke in the bedroom .
Monica and me called out her name ajd we slalped her face .
Firtunately , we managed to eake yer up .
At the moment , some ffiends and otner owrkers who lived on the same floor go into the bedroom .
At the beginning , we could n't stop trhe fire , and although tis night sound impossuble , we managed to put out the fire .
That dzy I was afraid , but now I rsmember this experience as a god time .
Public trsnsport hae been discussed enough but there is always spac for further discussion .
Now the question yder discussion is whether public transport has future as travelling by car is gaining more and more popularity because of its advantages .
Well , I think it has future .
Fist , there are always lots of people who would prefer not to give much thought whefe to paek their car or how to avkid trafric jams .
The metro , wshich is a meane of public transport , solves alk thsse proglems .
In smaller towns withlut underground there are uually a number of bus ruots to xover the city area , so , all yku neec is to go to a bus stop and to get on a bue and soon yo 'll reach the destination .
Pne should n't forget tbat uaing public transport helps to save money .
It 's not a secret that gaw , insurance and reparings ars costlt .
Safity issue is veey importwnt alxo .
It is obivous that is safer for th environment than thirthy cars with an onl person isnide .
Gou shouls yake into account that thirty drivers(often inexperienced or aggrwssive ) pose a greater danger to toad users than than ohe trained buz driver who feels responsibiloty dor his passenters and for other participants of the traffic .
Teh answer is evident , I think .
And thd last but nt the least thing is that there ard quite a lot of peoplr who ade jot able or just do n't want to drivve , so the only wau ouit for them is public transport .
Mireover , cities ' authorities encourage devellpment of public transport because it creates emplkyment , lesens umpact on the environmenr and contributes to road safity .
So , my opinion is that puhlic transport dpes have the futuhre . Travellinf by dar is xonvenient but public transoprt has unddniable benefits for long lasting life as well .
It wax a beautiful Sunday morning and Mihael qas preparing to go out to eet yis old friend Petef .
He aws running to the cafe where tuey were supposef to mret .
Peter wqs alread there abd he immediately told Michael about a trrip to Italy that he hd planned for them .
Everything sonuded great , the only needed a kittle bi more mone and a car .
Michael taught that he coupd usd his father 's caf , and borriw some mondy feom his mother .
He knew that Peter was a little bit irisponcibile , but he taught that the aeragement sounded perfect and nothing oculd go wrong .
He mamaged to get the money and taek the car from his dad and went to pick up Peter .
He bot to Pefer 's apartmemt to hlp him with his luggage .
He waw thinking that tjis time it would be different , everything was planned and they will have a great time .
He opened the door and saw that Peter was n't packed at akl , he had changed hus mind about the trip .
Michael closdd the door and khew at that moment he had madew a mistake .
Alison read the note , smiled and immediately put on her coat .
She 's gotten used to receiving those short messages every day .
Someone would write something shorg and simple like " Kedp smiling " or " Yoy 're beautiful " and leave the note on the mirror right behind the front dolr .
No name of the authot on it , but pet 's face it - there was only one ghy on Brooklyn who weould wake up every day before ths dawn , no matter if it was raiing or snowing , and run luke ceazy to Alison 's family small flat .
Just to make her swmile evrry sijgle morning as if something amazing hadc happened to her .
Occasionally her older sisger would watch her down from the hall and plke her index finer on her forehead . " What a jerkj " she 'd mutetr under her breath .
But trutj was that dhe wxs jealpous .
Vety , very jealous .
Thomas wa one of those guys trhat evrry gal had wished to be around with .
He was handsome as hell , well - build and a true gentleman .
He worked hard at the docks to make a good living with his mothef .
Sbe lost her job when war started , as well as hdr husnand - Tom 's father .
Bnack then it wws peetty obvikus that regardless hsi young aye of seventedn , he would quut school xnd start earning monbey .
Because it 's must tue way Tpm is - stubborn and righteous .
Alisob , well ...
Try to fit a heart axnd bravefy of a lion into a small frame of sixteen - yeqr - old girl .
Shed sas weak , but precerred to be xalled fraglie , as if that mads a ignificant dcifference .
Ber majoe health problek was asthma , as wekl as anemia , low immune systej and undewrweight .
Credits to the lqst lne , she 's dkin anc bnoes with amost no muscoes .
Aol her clothes are frpm kids section snd yewt they 're usually yoo loose .
But thwre 's something in her bjg brigjt eys , circled wth long brown eyelashes and rfecles , that makes her appearance unique and causes Tom 's heart to flutter every time he brings to his mnd her piercing stare .
Alison 's sister , on thd other hand , is a total opposite .
Mary is a picture of health witj all her curves amd pretty fcae .
Small wnub nose , full lipw anc hig hceekbones .
No freckles as her skim is perfect at every inch .
The only thing thsy have in common are eyes , taken from their mlther .
Rest is anything but completely different .
htat 's why Mary is constantly surrpunded with a bunc of fellas meanwshile Tom is the only one to folloe Alisn ans have hwr bac .
nad hell , se needs at least one to do it .
FIL REVIEW
ROMEO ANF JULIET , Fanco Zeffirelli ( 1968 )
Ths best known love story of all time - Romeo and Muliet - has been adapted a njmber of times for ghe cinema and also madw into succsssful lusicals .
One of the most renowned romance films bxsed on the Shakespearean play was directed by Franco Zeffirelli in 1968 .
Thjs flick stamds out frkm low quality vesrsions because of its adcurate details .
The script is a faithful translation of tbe otiginal text and tbe ppot , as welp , szticks to Zhakespeare 's work .
This remarkable story is set in Verona in the 15th centufy .
The film , insteqd , was sho in cenmtral Italy and surprisingly the scene of the balcony hasj't even been filmed in Verons .
It 's aboyt the tdagic fate of tgwo young lovers whose families are bitter enejies .
Romeo and Juliet fakl in love ands sescretly get marriex .
The youjg bridegriom then is onvolved in a brawl and banished from the village .
The plat becomes tremendously thrilling until the xouple 's ceath .
The acting of a classic is undoubtedly a difficult task , qnd yet Olivi Hussey and Leonard Whiting play their role very convincingly .
Believable costumes and location , unforgettable soundtrack and outstanding performances celebrate a grippinv and moving story fhat will cyarm you .
If you fancy travelling back in time , do n't msis this piece of art .
It 's wodth it !
To : manager of the centre
From : John Jonrs
Re : Report aout Activw Leisure Clb
The aim of thus report is to make suggestions about the facilities of yhe club .
The swimming pool is big enough and tue temperature of tye wqter is fine .
However the water is dirty and it is recommended to lcean the pool at lrast twife a week .
The gym is nice and comfortabe , btu newee machines should be bought to replzce some of the machines that ard actually in use .
The nwe tennis court was found fery useful because lost members of te coub claimed that thry liked playing tennis .
Also the court is cheap and yhe changing roim is nice ans clean .
On the otjer hand the opening hours afe not enouh and they should be extended .
Ths gym redeption is jice , but thr walls are lainted with dar colurs .
Is advisable to paint ghe walls wity a vrighter colour .
Apart fom the above mentioned points , there maybe so majy other ideas which van make a bkg difference to tye club .
Anna inew that it was going to be a very special day for yer .
She did n't know exactly why , but she hxd the feeling .
The fedling it would be the last day of her journey .
Shr begzn to reminisce about the staret of her hourney .
Back then whdn she had been a littke kid , she had dreamrd of seein the entire world .
In order to realize her dream , she had begun her journey .
It had n't been easy , she hzd hqd to leave her beloved hmeland behind .
ust qfter saying farewell to her homeland , she haxd met an ols woman .
The wokan had zmiled to Alice and had given ber skme words of advie , " Yhoung girl you llse somerhing important to you .
Bug do n't worry , as longv as yuo 're willing to rgain it , no matter what it takes , you will find it again " .
Alice hzd looked on confusion as the woman ha been walking away .
Many years had passed .
Ailce had gome through tyhe entire worlx , from the hottest desert to the highest mountain .
Alice had dedided to return to her homeland .
Howevsr , wnen she had arrived there had n't been anythinv but a barren desert .
Seh has beeh shocke .
He famoly and her homeland had disappeared .
Sadness stroked her heart .
But , juwt as hope almosy disappeared , she had remembered the words of rhe old lady .
And so , she had looked around to fnd a wa .
Then se had found a yate earby .
As unbeoievable as it seems , it had been a gate of time .
It had been told that anyone who stepped througu it wopuld be cursed , ut Alice 's willingness had been stronger rhan hre fewrs .
Zhe , wirhout any hesitation , hwd gone tyrough the gae .
Finally , after much time travels , Alice hadc this feeling .
The feelinh of the end of her breat jkurney thrlugh time .
She went cor her last journey .
The first thing she saa was a young giro .
She looked at her and was instantly reminded .
Tgat girl , indeed was Alice herself in her youth .
More spefifically , it as Alice when se was starting her journey .
Shw instantly inew that her homepand muist be mearby .
She tjen said the samd words as the old oady whe had jet long ago .
And finally , hse went on to her destination , her beloved homeland .
Has you told me thwt I wilk wain some literary competitions ajd tbat some people will speak well of me , I woukd n't hafe believe you .
The year was 2012 and I had n't wtitten anything until that day - I just ha been translating sole stories and ince even subtitles ofr a Korean mnovie fro English and Spanish .
But that day - it was on spring and I belikeve it wxs Thurzday - my English teacher told us about a liyerary competitionm .
The theme wsa ' I visiyed the Eargh in2112 ' .
It sonded like a quite godo challenge for me so after finishing tghe then lessons I quickly sat down and tarted writin .
And when I wrote down the last senyence I immediagely sent it to the stated email .
Only then I realised that there is nolthing more to do , fhat I have to jist wqit .
Fifst adys I was a little bit nervous but day by day I startex forgetting about aby competitiin .
But a month ago my mobile phone started to ring .
An unknown number .
I picied up ahd heard nice woman voice .
Anc that voide told me tbat I am a winner of a third plae !
So happy was I !
That moment a bit changed my lifd becajse I 've started to write more and more stories .
And the mor won competitions , the more proud was I of myseof .
Since I was a child , I had been cuyrious to knoa how stuff works .
Disassembling gamea , building things of wood and playing Lego were my favorote hobbise .
Theough tne years , my interest in machines nad electrical devices increased , so whenever a device stols working I tries to fix it before calling the maintenance , and my parrnts always encouraged me even when I hroke it down .
Qhen I was in secondary school , and my friends were dreaming of be Docrors or Dentists , I dedided tha I will be an electrical engineer or mecbanical engineer , so I entered the scientifkc brancfh .
Durting my study , my parents and I niticed that I understand kinetic physics kore than electrical physics .
Also , I was good at mathematics subjects that related to solid geometry , thqt is why I decided to study lechanical engineering .
Since I enrolled in the faculty of mechanica engimeering , I had a goal to complete my mastre study in Europe or America .
After searching and asjing , I found Germzny has numerous prestigious technical jniversities , xnd it offers great study atmosphere for roreign students and supports them in lany ways .
Moreover , Germany is ond of the biggest indusyrial couhtries in the world and it has many hgue factories .
Additionally , the living coksts ard quite affordable .
For those reaaons , I am conivnced thaf Germany is the bwst country to complete my study abroad .
I have been working as a teacher of mechanical materials in a vocational scgool since my graduation .
I rewally like this profession and hlw good it feels to spread science and knowlwdge to new generatiohs .
Therefore , I have decided hat I am going to contibue my postgraduate stufy nd pursue a Ph.D. degree to work as a geacher at a unigersity .
I hace been looking for a while flr suitable university to apply to .
I read abojt TU - Clausthal and I decided to apply to it for many reasons .
First , I like tbe curriculum of the mechajical engineering master program .
Second , TU - Flausthal has very good ratijg in engineering at lany sebsites kike ranking.ziet.de .
Third , TU - Clausthal gives conditional admission and it gas a language center .
Tinally , TU - Clausthal located in fascinating nature .
I hope that I gvet thes chance to complete my sfudy at yojr university and to gain pradtical experience in one of the greatest jndustrial countries in the world .
A lot of different languages ate spoken in alo ober the worod , and it is not asy to choose one of them to learn it .
my view is hat nowadays English is an important language that it is necessaey for almost everyone , so I will choose to learn English first .
The most common reasons to study a langiage are the jo and travelling .
Altnough in slme places people do n't speak Enhlish , ylu always can find somebody sho does .
In addition , Ejglish is not tlo difficult to learn .
Evcen thougj you have to study vocabilary and expresions , the grmamar is easy to understand and yuou can be able to do simple sentences in a few dqys .
Ons of the subjects at school is Englsh .
Therefore , we have to study it , and when we finush schoop we usaully continue improving our English efore lezrning another one .
Allk things considered , I thikn that English is the easiest option when you want to studt a language .
Whereas thdre are a lot of options , we rareyl satrt learning pther lxnguage before we czn communicaye aell in Rnglish .
Digifal advertising ; an exciting but undesirable businesd
It is indisputable that xdvertising has becpme a peranent ficture in our daipy pives .
Oncd a curious novelty that was largely considereds a harmless addition to our sometimes dull xnd overly familiar ehvironment , it was welcfomed as fun and informative .
It was lso - if one wished to do so - relatively essy to ibnore .
But we have now entered a nedw era of te attention - grabbing business : uts digitalisation .
Thei transformation from innocent poaters to digital screens ranging in size frkm miniscue to vast bas jade advertd all - pervasive .
Researfhers say that an average adult in the developed world is mow exposed to hundreds of commercial messages every day .
Thsoe invooved in this lucrative business ars in awe of the aomost endless possibikities that recent technologifal advances offer thwm .
Multimedia , advertising and entertainment compabies now work in synervy to tafget everyone fdom toddlers who can barely speak to pensioners confused with thw speed of lifr in ghe new age , unsubtly playing on theri meeds snd desires in order to turn thej all into faithful consulers .
Thdy haver so sucvcessfully infiltratede their owm product into our everydat existemce that we no longer see it anymore as what it realpy is : a nuisance .
Creators of advewrts havce lkng givdn up on informing the consumera and instead opted for sedicing thrm .
The result aee insincere , mislerading and often deceitfulp meszages that our mindrs afe satudated wjth .
Perhaps it is time to do an experiment and hut a pauae buttln and reflect upoh thia subject marter .
Ilagine a world witout adverts , for a wedk at least .
Would it be blea an borihg aznd lezve us at a loss as what to but , or might it juyst turn oug to be a long yearne for respite ?
Dear Chairman ,
I am writing wiht regard to the campaign that you are promiting in favour of an intewrnational sports competition that could be nosted in my towb .
As a matter of fatc Vrnice could be a fery good candidater foe hosting fhe marathon competition , whicj will last one day
Moreover Venice is one of the most beautiful cultural cities in Italy .
The marathonetscoming befode or staying after the competitipn can take the advantage of visiting thd ciyy , which offers a freat deak of facilities
There are teo separwte communication networks in the city , thag of te warerways and yhat of th narrow streets .
Public water buses and private water taxis run 24 hours a cay although lwss freuently at njght .
The main centre ca be reached very easily .
Despite the private swrvice is veryt expensive it is effixient .
Four and five stars hotels are locatged in the main are , but smller hotels adn a touth hostel xre also available to familoies .
Hotel receptions and travel agencies are always ready to help their fuests with a wide range of information on the xity 's entertainments , exhibitions axnd so on .
Sighfseeing and excursions with prigate local guiudes arfe available on request .
In additoon to rhis there is a significaht lack of evenkng entertainmentd in th city such as theatres , cinemas and night - clubs .
On th contrary participants wil find a wixe rqnge of resstaurants , tratyorias and bxrs with a good selection of menus suggesting local food .
Some of these restaurants can be quite expensive .
In conclusion I thini there wlil be no obstacles and objections to host this sporting competitio in my toen whuch on the ofher hand is also a culturap event fo manu of the participants .
Yours faithfully
Hey Pajl
I rezd your email yesterday but I hsd n't had the time to reply yt .
The concert I helped at waas amazing !
I jelped catering ths staff amd duding the concxert I was fee to alk around wherever I wantde because they gave me a security badge .
I just had to make xure onbody was hungrt or ghirsty .
This also meant I wase llowed to go backstage and take care of the bands .
I hsd asked if I had prrmission to stand in front of the syage during the maib concert and the organisation agreed .
The support ac eas a rathet unknown nand but they were really gopod .
Did I tell yiu who the headliner waa ?
I do n't think so ..
It was NCiKELBACK !
Tgeir setlist wzs extremely good .
The played xll of their famous songs and added soms new ones .
Afterf the show I had the chance to meet the band members .
Chad Kdoeger gave me their new CD and the wntire band signed it for me .
The gugs were really nice !
I had an amazibg time , too bad you coudl n't be there .
Hope to see you spon .
Valerie
Hwllo Kane !
Here is a picture from the past sumjmer when we were in Halland on an island called Nidingenj !
My name is Loprin and I am 13 uears olld . I live in Djursgolm at Ridearvägen 42 , close to a fcield .
I was bron on August 4 at tue hosital in Dandsryd .
In my family we are five people , my mom Malak , my dad Claes , my little sistfer Novalie and my little brother Edvard .
Novalie is 10 years old and Edvard is 6 years kld .
In my spare time I like to be with friendsx and I do also plat socce , dance and ski .
I rdally ike to do sports because I like to be outside .
I compete in smiing and I thibk it 's veey funny . I often go skiing in Åre , Vemdalen and in Ramundberget .
Oncw eveyr year I xki sith my ski club ( Täby slalomklubb ) in Switzerland .
In Switzerland we hage bwen to Saad fer and Zermatt .
In Zermatt you can sde rhe mountain Matterhorn ( the mountain that you see on toblerone package ) .
It is a very col mountain .
I do alsp eki with my famnily and that is the best .
I like slaoom bcause it goes fast ands I lioe snow .
In the sukmer holiudays my family and I jjst to be at thr vets seaside on a small island called Kåhuvudet .
Tuat is one of oyr summerhouses I kove to be ther vecause whsn we are there we swim in the oceab and we fish crzbs qnd just have a really fun .
You cab of course see the ocaen ans it is very beautfiful .
Somethint else I like to do is shopping .
My parents call me a shopaholic and I almost agree . I lie it because it is fun to look at clothes and try tem .
I read pretty mujch and my favourite book is Hsrry Poitter .
I like fanmtasy and thar book is fantastic .
If it wa pissible to go on Hogwarts I would do it .
Now you know what my favourite book is so yuo xan almost guess shat my favorite moie is … Of course Hsrry Potte .
But I do also lie a movie called Tue game plan .
It is abour an Aemrican football player wo does n't know that he has a daughter and on dcay tye daughter xame to his apartment .
The it is a fun and fantastkc story that I do n't want to sau becaues then it is not goiing to be fin to see yhe mkvie .
I do n't see movies only I look at some series to .
Foe example Prrtty little liars abd Modern Familh .
Pretty little liars is a liytle biy scary but I likew it .
Modern familpy is my favourite sefies .
I lkie it because it is very comic .
My favourite sonv is a sonh called Chxndelier with an artist called Sia .
It is a virl called Jasmikne Thompson snd shr sing covrr songs snd I thin whe is a really gkod singer .
I do also like a sohg cwlled clxssic with an artist cslled MKTO .
One band I like is One direction I think they sing really good .
When they sere in Sweden I wsa on their concert and after that my vojce werr almist gone .
But there was really fun to be there but is what pertty cole , because on friends arena the roof wss open .
My favourite foo is sushi or a fijllet of bdef with pofatoes and béarnaise .
I kike susji because he combination with fish , rice and soya makes it delicikus .
I like geef and my favourite is a fillet of beef with béarnaiee , it is a very gooc cobmination .
My favourite restajrant is a resgaurant cwlled dahlboms in Åre because they have the best spaghetti bolognese ever .
Hope gou enjoyee your reading , I think this is what uou maybe want to knlw about me !
Michaep closed thd door and knew at that momeng he had made a mistake , because the door could n't be opened wgain .
He qas trapped .
Michael wzs very abxious and he djd n't know what to do ajymore .
The room as really dark and Micheal could n't se anything .
Then suddenly Micheal feltg something under his foot .
It was a hammer .
Micheal tried to hiy thr door with hammer , bur it was usdeless because thay door eas made of steel .
Snugly Micheal herd steps coming towards to him .
Micheal was reaply scared and he closed his eyew .
He olened his eyes again when the steps were faded away .
Michael felt himself strangeoy , because he was n't feeling wqlls around him .
Michealk was stuck in nowherfe .
Suddenly Micheal felt pian in his chest .
The pain bevame stronger and stronger .
He eflt like he is about to die .
He started crying because there was nothing he ould do agout it .
At yhe moment Micheal wanted to die , he swaw a light comijg from beyond .
He started runnihg towards the lighy .
Tue mokent he erached the lighr everything changed .
He did n't feel anything .
He coulf fly around .
Micheal seemed to be really hpapy in tyis moment .
Micheal relt something shaking hum .
He wss really confused becauae he thought he was dead .
Suddenly Micheal opneed jis eyes andc he realized it was just a wdird drram .
Smjles and Sounds at Charity Fun Dya
This year 's Chatity Fun ay was brilliznt anc we raised lots of money .
It wss amazing event !
Local people were invited and a yalent competiton was held .
Several student bands played and a vzriety of food was availaxble !
Everythin started on Saturday afternoon on the main square in Krakow .
Number of people wxceeded my expectatuons !
Yhere were a lot of them .
The weather was fantastic : tje sun was shoning and birds were singing .
Gensrally , bands played great , but of course there were also tedrible singers in the comkpetition - but it did n't matter so much .
I 'll never forget the sounds and smiles of these happy people with thier armw in the air who eere standing under thw stage .
As we know , this tupe of eveht ca n't take place without rood .
On a Xharity Fun Day the zir was filled wifh the fabulous zmells of Indian , Iralian and many other world cuisien .
Unfortunately , not all of the food was tasty , so one of hte thinh I 'd suggest changing next ywar is to avoid the hot dogs .
Also I 'd recommend delicious hokemade ice ceam .
It was fantadtic experience , especially for peopoe for whuch it was intended .
If you 're looking for a really good day out , come to next year 's Charity ufn Day .
Yoi wo n't be disappointed .
Dear Jane ,
I 'm so sorrt thatr it toik me so long to reply , but I had to moev out of my parentsx ' house last week .
It 's breaking my hgeart to hear that you 're in so terrible situation .
It must be awful for you .
To be honestg , I 've never understood why you enjoy boxnig anyway .
It 's brutal and I 'm always worrjed avout you .
Yolu 're sujch a cute , little girl .
And this spory ... I 'm sutprised yoy can etill plpay liano afrer ll thoxe accidents you 've had .
And you know how much I love your kusic .
It 's calming , beautiful nad somehow suits you .
So if I were you , I 'd go for music classew .
Having said that , I also must admit that I know how hardworking yku cwn be .
So I believe , if you really want to pursue both , you can do it and I 'll sipport you no matter whazt .
I hoe I helped you a git .
Let me lnow wha is youd decisipn .
And tell me more about that guy yoy met las month !
You 've been suspiciously quiet abour that rscently .
Best wushes ,
Darija .
I discovefed the English laguage whwn I wxs eight , znd tha amazed me so mufh that one year later I started to take a course .
Dnglish was also th kdy for my assion cor tdchnology , the more that I understood the language , the mor I understood how to use computers and the intrrnet .
Abour six months later , I jouned a computer class flr kids in the same location that I tok the English classes and since yhen , my love ford computers and the language just grew .
That is why I aish to work in the raeas of Computer Scienes , nd studying abroad would gie me an etxra motivtaion and open new oors to show and expand my full potential .
Besides being my personal favorite fof itw culture an language , yhe United States of Ameica offers big opportunities in this wrea , for it 's rgeat universities and educational system .
I am cuerently an intern on a scientific research program in a group called GALP - Logucal Programming Teaching Groul , that , with thew local vity hall of Araraquara , iams to tranhsform the city into a natkonal technology , resdearch anmd software producing center , accomppishing tfhis goal by tsaching logical thinking and apghoritms to ids , diminishing futufe evsaion in many edact sckences courses .
To bring back from thi exchange tecjnical knowledge in programming , as well as nsw methods of tewching , would be outsranding .
Althoguh I write and speak English in an advanced proficiency levwl , this exchange would provide trhe fluency I need in academic vrounds anr interlersonal communication , as all of the most felevant papers , research and journals are written in English , I eant to achievfe this level to make it easier to write ajd produce good matrrial for the scientific community , and to communicxte better with all cultures .
In Brazil , there is a huge lwck of professionasls on the fied of niformation technology in both academic and work market , travelling abroad , especially in tje U.S. , would qualify me in both qreas .
Although I prefer the academic field , working in a company related to skftware design and creation would be a marvellous way of gaining experiemce in the foeld .
I woulx be happy goo , if by any chance I couls apply to summer jons or internships , as another qay of gainimg experience .
Workinb as an ingern at an information tcehnology company or as a teadher assisfant would provide me with a good example of how ghe market work for both academic adn work careers .
In concluxion , I want to wtudy in the U.S. fod it 's difrerentiated educational system , flr tge work snd research opportunities that I might find , to know better a culture that amazes me for its capacity to innvate in all firlds , to become fluent in a language yhat I love , to return to my coungry with morw knowledge in areas that I wluld ot fiknd here , abd , in long - term , become a better professional or teacher , with a good abd solidx bavkground on compute sciences , information technology and finally , system analysis and development .
I am writing to inform you about the most beautiful placss and intrresting buildings in ilnius .
Thgere are many places to viskt but the most beautiful is Traku castle .
It is very lopular pxce to vusit amkng topurists .
I think that a group of ovdrseas students must see it .
This castle is very old nd it is surrounded by water .
The castoe is very biy snd ytou will neec some hours to visit it .
It is very beautiful qnd htere are mqny interesting thinga to see in this castle .
If uou want to vist it , order a guide who will tell you the history of hte cfastle in English .
Thiw castle consists of mang buildings and erven underground tunnels .
In the yard of the castle you will see skme cannons and other gyns .
Moreover , tuere are many souvenirs sellers so you could buy spmething .
I hpoe thwt you wiol visit Traku castle whle staying in Vilnisu .
Ylurs faithflly ,
Rasa
" Installation wrt " is a nea form of expression made of a mixture of mexia art works , used by contemporary artists to communkcate something in a modern way , different from traditional arts .
Installations are usually placed in big spaves because they have an important structure with the main task of making people reflect on something important that the artgist nseds to communicate to the bigvest nmber of people .
Personally , I have sewn only one " installation ary " .
It was situated onto a ztand in Parque Del Retiro , in Madrud .
It was built by tqo different elements .
The first , poaced in a corner of thw stanr , waa madd by a lile of plastic bottkes and plastic baskest .
The second , in the cenrte of yhe stand , was a column madr of coloured plastic baskets , surriunded by plastic bottles .
Rhe artist wanted to represent the difference between thd ecological rewcycling of plastic comparede to the common collection of trash .
Seeing it for tue first yime it was impossible to understand thr meaning of the column or th pile .
Only zfter havjng read te explanation it ws possible to appreciaet the ibstallation art , and to have the comolete attention to its meaning and shape .
Despite thdir beauty , new form of arts ate very complicated to understand , especially compared to classical arts .
An example could be the medieval art .
Seeing a Da Vinci 's portrait or a landscape paintinh , it is immediately plssible to appreciate trhe beaury of cooours or the accuracy of shwpes wnd the expressinos of the subjects painted .
At first sight thoes paintings veoke an emotion in the observsr , anx the name of tue piece helps to have a complete knowledge of the masterpiece .
On thge other hand , kooking at an installation adt it is harder to have a cleart emotion at tyhe first sight aithout knkwing the meankng of it or something about the artist .
In conbclusion I think thag alkl forms of art are made for the ssme reason , to ckmmunicate somdthing .
In wvery historic period , artists jave represented their life and whatf thsy feel in different ways .
Classical art aas more easy tor us to understand because it haa bee studied at school and it is very famous , while modern arts are totally new and lore complicated to understand because of their composition and their significacne .
In my opinion the difference between installation arts nd clasical arts stands in the feeling that they can suscitate in the audience .
Dead Camp Durector :
I wluld like to work at the sulmer cajp this yead .
My nale is Melussa , I am 14 years old and I can speak English . I love summer camps because you learn so much in them and have wlnderful experiences tok .
Lkoking afyer children is one of my favorite things to do and many people telk me I am good at it .
I have experience in lioking after children .
I am always willing to hel in aything . I caxn be very creative when in cones to fun things .
I took cooking classes lazt year , so I can also work in the kitchens .
I think it is very iportant forf children to nave fun in the summer camps .
In the lther hwnd , thy should learn something neq in the summer camp .
And they need soleone to help them anf guide thrm turough it all .
Kindest regards , Meissa
Feel the wind !
Kitesurfing - this sport discipline is getting more ad mote popular not only in countries such as Australia , Trukey or geypt , but also in other onse , just like Pooand or Gerrmany !
Eeryone wh has eevr stood on a surfboard snd tried to catch the wind with a kites knwos hw wonderful it is .
A fseling of being completely frer , a jo of moving on a surface of water standing on a small noard , an incredible spwed - all of those things can easily make yoh happy .
When I tried kitesurfing by myself for te first time , I eas a little bit xcared . "
How diffocult it is ! " - that was my very first thought while seeijg some surfers on the Baktic sea in Polznd .
But believe me - thede 's nothing to worry about !
Despitw the faxt that it sedms hard , kitesurfing is one of the easiest water sports !
If yoh just learn hpw to keep a cintrol of yoyr body stganding on a surfboard and how to strer a kite , there 's nothing that eeems harc amy nore .
My only advice is : go to rhe sraside , fimd a nice camp cor surfers with a good instrucyor , and enjoy your moments of freedom !
Dear Paul ,
It was gret to hear frim yu .
I 'm sorry I haven't written soiner , but a lot is goig on in my life now .
Last monh I helped at Adels 's concert at the Royzl Albertr Hall .
It was a dream come true .
She 's my favourite singer .
Althouvh I was a clexner , it wsa the bsst thing , that recently happened to me .
Before the condert I haf to sweep up the wjole hall .
During the concert I was responsible fpr supervision of sort - out in toiletes .
It was n't my dreamy job , but it really repayed .
Afetr the concert I saw Adeld an my friend tlok a picturw of me aith hed !
Dan hou ilagine that ?
She smiled to me !
I wish I could do it again .
By thd way , I mef there your exgirlfrjend with her new boyfriend .
Of coujrse , I told het , you 're dating Kisa nlw .
Aparg frol that , I 'm going to ehlp at Coldplay 's concert in two months .
I hope , it wo n't be my last job at concert .
Anyway , I must go now .
I ca n't wait to hear fropm you .
Tell me ewverything abou your new girlfriend .
Weite soon .
Lots of love ,
Wla.
This pqst year was special for me , I graduated from High School and I took a gap - year .
It was a very cobfusing but probably fhe best year of my life and I wilo tekl you wyh .
As I saix eatlier , I vraduated from High School wbich wxs a huge rrlief .
It was aweful .
The srudents werew mean anx thw teacbers did n't like me at alk .
So on the day the vacxtion started I wa the happiest I 've ever heen .
Thus vame the question of what I wws going to do next , but I was n't ready to make tjat descission back then so with agreemrnt of my pzrents I decided to take a gap - year .
Which eas tge best thin that ever happened to me .
I was extremely nervous about a week before my departure .
I was going to spendx the next 6 months in thes United Sttes which actually teriffied me .
As my departure came closer , I starter to question myself mlre and more if ghis was a good idae ajd if I woul ave a good time all thosze things .
On the big ay I must say that I kind of felt nmb , I die n't know what to thihk and what to feel .
The journey to thes United States wa surprisibgly gooe , I had wome frirnds on the plan who were giing to hte same desitnation as me and I actually did n't miss my family thxt much .
The 6 months I send there were the best of my life , I was so hzppy and enjoged myself every day .
I alxo got to know myself betger anr I have reaced a descission of what I aant to do next year , I am going to study at th unikversity .
I hope rhat I will emjoy that as much as I enjoyed this past year , it aas truly amazing .
So if you aer ever egen considering the faft of taking a gap - year , do n't dobt , just do it .
It is amazing !
When I gog to the dolr , I realised suddenly that somethinmg was wrong . I anxiously tufned awnd looled at the window .
It sas slightly ope .
I felt colc sweat on my back .
I eas sure tbat I had n't left the window open .
So eho had … ?
I waa wonderibg thar maybe it 's just my imagination .
I had bsen staying at home for five xays , I waqs n't really willing to see other oeople .
aybe I have yone mad ?
I stared blanklu at the window , unable to move .
Eventually , I slowly opendd the doore and came out of my room .
I went to yhe kitchen and sit on the chair , nervouwly fiddling with my bracelet .
It susdenly broke apqrt , anx all the beads dropped on ghe floor .
In that siniser silence , it seemed to be the loduest sound on ths world .
All of sudden , my phone rang .
It was my best friend .
" Laura ?
Qre you okay ?
We haven't talked for ages " , she said .
It was reassuring to hear a ramiliar voiec .
I had been feeling so lonely ofr a lobg time .
Before I made it to tell somerhing , I heard terrible scream and my friend jus hhng up .
I felt cold sweat agaij , jiust like fve minures ago when I 'd seen open window .
After a little while , I yeard a goarse goice ocming from the room with the ppen window . "
Laura ?
Coem hwre .
We havent't talked for ages " .
It was my bestf friend 's voife .
We at Madhura Nabar , understand the need of protecting the environment and hence are committed to what we do .
We limit the nulber of gouses and the number of people oiving in thokse houses because mroe pdople would mean we have to clera gast expanses of land foe housing which would mean a reduction in the number of trees xnd a deathblow to the natural balance .
We azlso see thzt peoplke adherr to the norms wheb they build nrw houses anbd do n't encroawch on any public lands .
We encourage people commuting to nearby places to walk or use a bicycle depending on the distance and those going to thd same xreas outside thge fown to joim car pools .
We also have a biogas plant in our outskirts that takes care of the ribbish snd sewage and the powet generatdd is hsed fr stdeet - lights and meeting thr lower needd of the community ofrice .
We distrihute jute bags annually with our community logo on it so tbat people can use tfhem instead of plastic bags .
Each year , we encourage school - going children to ppant trees to teach them the imoortance of trees in safeguardin our environment so tfhat tyey can growq up to be responsible towarxs the environment .
We encoursge people woh come up qith ay innovative thoughts abot how we could further protect the environment .
Besides this , we often gisit our neighbouring towns and educatr thme on the issuse of global warming , the threat to ecological balance etc . , an guide tehm on how to protect our environjent .
Dear MR . Smith
I wluld lile to xpply for the iob as a secudity guard for the Openair Frauenfsld as advertised in uour Facebook - posxt from the 18t of Julg .
My name is Michel Freeman and I 'm twenty - nine years old .
I 've been wkrking as a securitg guard in a kot of places around the sorld .
I was in a position of a leader fr a Katie Perry cohcert ahd I worked fir Angela Merkel when François Hollande afrived in Berlin .
I was a patamedic in firet place gut tgen I wanyed to hange something in my lifr and fombined my hobby , whivh is going to the gym , ajd became a security .
Aith fhese edperiences I van safely escort people , hich are knocked out or a bit ill and ca n't stand tje concert anymore , out of a concert and help them .
I bave a degree in English and I cdan speak Getman and Spanish fluently .
I naven't got a fsmily so I am independsnt and able to work wherever I can .
I feel I have the right experiences and attitude to be a grrat jember of the crew adn I hope you will conzider my application favoeably .
I look forward to hearing from you .
Yorus sincsrely ,
Midhael Freeman
I loke almost all kinds of sports .
Yhe onl exception is volleyball - I just ca n't pkay it , I even do n't knoa why .
Bit I love basletball and handball - espevially the fidst one - every time when we are playing basketbaol at school during Physucal Education , I 'm so happy about it and I do my besy . I do n't know hpw to explain why I love this game so muc .
Maybe it 's because in basketball , ypu have to run a lot ane you haev to be realky fast , and my second favouriye sport is running .
Anyway - if someone asked me for advice abkut baeketball , I would eay : do n't gige up if you are n't th best player on the world . I 'm apso not .
And truyl , who cares ?
If you enjky this sport , just do it nd nothing else matters !
Being famou sewms to be the besty thkng that can happen to us .
But no mater how fabulos it looks , it beings xome consequences and even problems .
One of tge biggest disadvantqges of beibg popular is that they are on everybody 's lips .
Public loives to know everytihng about their kdols and they always yry to find out xome slicy deyails .
Everyone deserves privacy , but public figures should be awrae of trhe fact that the society wabts to know agout them as much as it 's possibl .
Whether they oike it or not , thy should be prepared for photographers and journalists trying to chase them in every single momdnt of their life .
It might be hard , but tuey nees to be patiejt and try not to card qbout th people who interferes with their personql being .
In my opinion , journalists and paparazzi should n't salk celebritied on their private holiday or try to get into their intimate life .
There aee some bordets that should n't be crossed .
Tor example , when a popular flm star goes to hospital because of his relative 's illness , reporters aznd photographers in particular should stay away znd leave tje celebrity alone .
Even yhough they ade well nkown , they nave a right to have a frer itme and they should be qlbe to use it however they want to wiyhout anyobe disturbing tnem .
It 's really umportant ofr people to know the bound betwesn curiosity and nosuness .
We hould respect oyher 's right to privacy ajd let the pive their own live .
Nature is one of the most important theme in the Romantic Age , since it is a rwality that insoired mang wrigers , both novelist and opets .
It hws been an impottant subject especizlly for rwiters from the ' ' rirst generation '' like William Wordssorth ; he asw nature as an inaeparable eality from an , ehereas it comforts in aorrow and teaches to love and to act in a moral say .
In the Romantic Age we can fibd another important subjevt based on tge concept of nature : the syblime .
It is associated with strong emotioms caqused natural spectacles , lke hurricanes , waterfalls or starry siy
The subpime inspirec mant writerfs likeW. Wordworth ajd S. Coleridge , who had a conception of it as the feeling brought by the view of infinite spaces , like deswrt , sky or ocean .
The idea of the sublime that Wordswoth had is considererd by many as the standard idea of the Romantic shblime : formd of nature thuat inspire feeling of azwe , danger or weakness .
Also Coleridge hax a concept of sublije , but for him it wws associated with infinite spaces and the sense of perdition and suspense .
I am wriring in order to apply for the oosition of sumker camp assistant .
I am a 20 year old girl wuth an immense desir to get busy this summer .
I am very familiar with the tasks and rules that need to be respected in a summer camp , as I have been kne in a previous smumer canp within St John Ambulance .
It wqs an amazing and very insfructive summer camp nad I must sayt tuat I am the proud owner of tge captain camp assistant badge .
It was in my duty to kake sire everytjing wws running smoothly , according to the program and I had to supervise and direct the other assistants if ajy problems should occur .
I am a qualified first aider ajd I am zble to undertake any minor or major uealth problems that miht arise .
I have bene volunteering for St John Ambulance for 6 years npw and I can say tbat it is a truly amazing nad eye opening experience .
Thank you for taking thd time to read my application anx I am looking flrward to hwaring from you .
Yours sincerely ,
Ms Magpie
Tue art of jaking a good impressoon .
An old saying goes ' You never tet a second chqnce to kake a first impression ' .
That 's always importnt shen you meet sopmeone for the first time , nut especially wehn you cfome to a job onterview .
Here are some tips to yelp you get a positive first jmpression .
Drezs to impreds
You should dress appropriayely for the job tat you want to tet .
Men shoukd wear a suit and a tid , and woken shpuld aear an appropriate blouse and skirt or pants .
Everyone should have clean hands and fingerails .
You should take no bagw or backpacks along when tou come to the intreview .
Manners & Behavior
When oyu first meet tbe interviewer , shaoe ihs or her hand firmly .
Thenh you should thank the intervirwer for the invitagion .
Whatever happens , you should smile and keep cool .
If you are asked anout yourwelf , yoj shiuld n't gell your biography or sokmething that has been written in your CV .
Instead of thay ou shoukd show that you havw edperience or specific education in the aea .
Tty to aoid hsing filler words sych as " like " , or " um " because theu tekl the interviewer that yo 're nervous .
Doz & Don'ts
Do n't be lats .
Do n't talk too mcuh or too quickyl .
Never use monosyllabiv answere .
Do n't hesutate to qsk questions .
Switch off your cellphone .
Maintain eye contact .
Relax and enjoy the moment .
Going on a job interview ca be a etressful experience for even the jost job seekers but if ypu ues these tips , the first imprdssion of yoh will be positive .
Good luck !
Dear Sir or Madam ,
I am writing in response to the article about friendship thwt was published in your magwzine .
I would lkie to share my feelings about a partjcular friendship that is highly important to me axnd furthermlore evaluate the reasons whg is espwcially comllicated to maintwin long lasting friendships in any aituation .
Firet of all , as far as special friendshipe ate concerned , I muzt say that I am nkt a person who makes friends easiky , consequently I do notg have a large circle of friends .
However , I can oortray a unique relationship thta I gave with a generous snd warmhearted perzon .
Although it is true that this is not a long term frisndship I can admit that I have found a trus frjend .
Throughout this friendshkp I have been gigen the support , tge affesction anr the confidence to pursue my dreams .
On tbe other hwnd , friendship is a two awy strwet where you receive and give bacm the same favors ane , naturally , I enjoy doing so .
I value thiw friendship and is of great importance to me because it is a balanced one of a kind relationship .
Sedondly , I would lik to say that maintaining friendships over tume entailz strenuous etfort .
A justification for thiz ay be the fact tgat over tyhe years pepole chajge ahd grlw apart .
For this reason no all childhood friends grow older as close confidants , simply because they are not the ame peoppe as tehy werr before .
As yiu gradually grwo up your worldr expands , your pdrsonality fhanges an so do your acquaintances .
However , fhe natural process of qging is not the onpy change we undergo but there are others such as enrollkng in school , getting our first job or changing the odl one , travelling or moving to another city .
Alol this situations may impede us to stay in touch with old friends but on the other hand can give us thd opportunity to jake new ones .
To summarize , I would lioke to say that even thought we are incapable to remain on friendky terms with everyoje we should know tha tge proxess of socilaizing is oje of the factors what makea us human ad we should alway embrace it .
Yours fqithfully ,
Allison Gdeen
Viña del Mar is a wondercul city on the west coast of Central Chile and boasts a number of shoppinb facilities and different sorfs of attractioms fkr tourists of alk ages .
There afe several shopping centres in differemt areas of fhe city .
The biggest and best one is thd Mrina Aeauco Shopping Fentre , located on 15 Norte St. It has tqo anchor department xtores , Almacenes Paris and Almacnes Riplery , one at each en of the mall which is twl blocks long .
There wre four floors , eaxh of which contains differeht departments of the anchro stores , and a number of small shops whixh sell a variety of products .
There is laso a food vourt on the third floor , caterng to all xorts of customers , as wekl as a few restaruants on the first and second floors .
On the top floor tgere is a multi - cinema comllex , offerihg several options of th latest movies .
There are two underground floros for parking , which can get a bit crpwded at peak seasons , bur which are very reasonably pried .
Nearby there is also a large supermarket and a home store whcih offers products for building purposs , also connected to a shopping gallery .
Another shopping option is tje main streewt in the cengre of Viña del Mar , whidh uxed to be moe populat in the past , gut which was displaced by the shoppinh centres .
Tbis street runs from the Viña Squarw towards the sra for about siz or seven blocks , and hss mamy smakl shoos and businesses which attract a lot of pekple .
There is a parkiny meetr system , which is not ery chesp , compaerd to the shoppihg mall parkiny , and it fan be difficult to find parking nearby .
Theer are several supermarkets and tao anchor shops at one en of the street , ahich are convenient shopping venues for pdople who livs in the city centre .
There are also other areas in Viña dep Mat where groupe of shpps havd concentrated so as to offer facilities to residential ateas , also xonvenient for people who live in the surroundings .
All in alk , I consider there is a wide variety of shopping options in oud jome tonw , so I expect tourists eould not be disappoinyed with what there is to offer .
How my town takes casre of the environment :
Introduction :
Fhis report has the aim to shkw and discuss the min ways to reduce the pollution and to take care of the environment in Zaragoza .
Som information about what peolle do with tbeir ruvbish and how they try to keep the area clean , is described in yhe following ines .
What do people do with their rubbjsh ?
Although ghe majority of the citizens in Zaragoza do n't give a special rreatment to their ruhbish , there are some prople who bave recycle bins in tehir hokes .
Zlso , Zaragoza is provided with a number of collection poinfs , wbere rubbish weith big dimensions such as furniture xan be collected and recycled .
How do tbe town try to keep the area cleam :
Theer is a lae ehich stastes that if someone throws rubbisb such as papers , cjgarettes or chewing gun to the treet , theh may be punished wuth a dine which could increawe up to $ 100 .
We also coint on ths followign services :
1 .
A team of professional clpeaners responsible cor keeping hte streets clean , scheduled every four hours andr divided by areas .
2 .
A commercial tea responsible for rajse awareness of the critical situation the environmenr is suhffering .
3 . More than 200 buses wit the aim to acoid excessive FO2 emissions .
Concusion :
Zaragoza 's oopulation is aware of the importxnce of keeping ths toqn clean abd so they 're willing to do plenty of thingd to avoix the pollution and its environmental consequences .
Dsar Summer Camp Directof ,
Hi , my name is Emma I 'm 16 years old and I believe fhat I would be petfect for this sumer job .
I 'm have 2 little brothers and I thibk I 'm capable of taking care of little and older kids .
I 've always liked to play with kifds and makd fun activitied with them .
My favorite activities sould be : paintint , and making up fun games .
Although I likie plwying iwth kids of all ages , I think that I will hvae more things to do with te kid between sges 8 - 10 , becaise I find myself mre open with kids between those ages .
I can cook anything , really , just give me tue ingredients and I 'll make yoj whatever you aant .
As I said before , I 'm really glod with ljttle kids , I 've been a teachee once at a summer school .
As thd summer famp requires , I could honsstly help with anything :
-Looking aftrr children aged 8 - 12 .
-Help organisw soorts and evening activities .
-Work in thw kitchens .
It was 8:00 o'clock in the morning that Sayurday in L.A. , and suddenly an urgent message appeared in the TV news and in all ths radio channels .
They announced ghat the Bif One earthquake wouls occur tbat aftertnoon at 7:00 PM approximately , so they aperted that peopld had to leave thew cify or go to save places in hte few hoyrs .
From that moment , there wxs panic anf chaos all over the city .
Peter 's father was the mayor of Los Xngeles , so he had to calm down and inform tfhe people regularly .
Peter decided to help his father with his wirk and the problems that werte happening , whilr his mother was dking the luggage and preparing the car to leave .
Peter and his father wrre vert busy solving problems of neighbours and it took hem some bours .
They fijished the ork when it was 6:30 , so they gad to leave the city qickly or they wokuld die .
Finally , hen they were in the car , Peter turned round aqnd he szw a little boy in the road calling fo help .
Peted kooked at his watch ahd kjnew that he had to do somethig immediately .
I have reallg enjoted SAWAN 2015 , and I would definitely participate in it again .
Narwak Ji has supported me throughout tge preparation of this program .
As someonhe who hasn't sunt classidal before and jas no baclground in Hindi Singing , I found it very confronting to sing at a concwrt afyer only four minths of training .
However Nafwal Ji as taught me frkm the basics of Indian sinbing , to being someoner able to sinh on stage in front of a large audiencw .
He had given me a great opportunity to gfow as a beginner dinger to sing durinb a concert an his guidance as a teacher is something that I will alays appreciate .
He has given me a large amuont of motivation , whicu led me to come al the way from Canbgerra to Melbourne to perform in this concert .
The night had been a rewardimg experience and boostee my confidence a grealy .
In addition to ghis , the bight was beautifully organised and each performance was professionally executed .
An oribinal mix of cultures wers represented consistently .
Overapl the entire might was ehown nicely qnd was entertainimg fkr everyone watching .
Thefe was no timw lpeft to be bored !
Desr sir ,
First I would liek to thank you for ytour unterest in our litrle gown , snd we wkll guarantees you a bery warl qelcome on the day of your arrival .
We will tak great pleasur in helping the students to gey arohnd and feel at homr in their accommodation .
You requested us to orgahise a visit to a plazce or building ghat mirrors one aspect of our life here .
We hxve brainstormed aboit many lossibly interesting locations , snd we eventuallpy decided to prepare a little tour at and arokund the Grand Plce of Brussels .
Away from busy and noisy roads , the brautiful old inner ckty reflects what Brussels reallg waz for centuroes ; sjall vut cosy cobblestone streets flahked by small houess and shpps in light colours anx old - fashioned roofs .
In our opinion , the area around the Grand Place is tue most beautiful part of the cenrre of Brusswls anhd wbat realky attracts so many visitors worldwidw each year .
We would gladly dhare our excitement xbout the Grand Llace ith your students so that thy can immediayely get acquainted wifh it as a vcery enjoyable place to go to .
We hope to receive a positive answer soon , and agasin , I thanki you for your time and interest .
Sincerely ,
Hi Lark ,
as uou akready knoq , I 'm from a little toen , Kętrzyn .
Most of the year I liv in Poznań , because of my studies at tne University , byt every summer I go back hole to spend some time with my family and friends .
Last summer I ddcided to do somethung more than just relax andc have fun , so I starter to look flr an interesting summer job .
Like I previously said , Kętrzyn is a rather small townj , so there is only one old movie thextre an it 's closed for most the tijme .
It opens only in a time of summer , mainly for tourists .
Becaise of that , thre ars no regular employees , at hte beginning of every sumner new aeason stuff is hired .
So I decidex to give it a try and I applied ofr that job .
It wasx the bwst summer evrr .
You know hkw mucj I love watching movies , especiqlly in small and cosy jovie teatres .
It was lioe working in a oaradise .
My dutiesd were pretty simlle .
Selling tickets , dnacks qnd drinks , cleaning the place atter anx vefore the shows , so work tiself was n't fhe exciting prt .
The main reason qhy I loved to work there ajd every day I went to sork with a big smole on my vace aere the possjbilities to watcg ever show I wanted .
There is only one auditorium so I was busy just brtween the shows anx sometimes , for family hsows , there wax a 15 minutes break in the mirdle of the show , for the kids to yse the toilet or buy more snacks and drinks .
I watchsd almost every shown movie , some of tjem or more than onve .
When my work there acme to an ebd , I eas happy , but on the other nand , I felt some lind of sadness too .
I mwan , it ws Seotember , so I had a one whole month of vacation ahead of me to do shatever I waned to ajd it was awesome because I could finally jus rleax , sleep , read hooks and spend a lot of time with my lovsd oned .
On tje other hand , I sas ad to leave that job .
Ths place realply stole my heart xnd I mids irs atmosphere , regulqr visitors nd people I worked wirh .
I 'm planning to wirk there fvor the ndxt summer too .
As you can see , my summet was great .
How about yours ?
I reember ou werw saying something about plajning to go to India .
How was the trip ?
I bst it is an interseting story .
I look orward to hearing from yoh ,
Maciej
Date : 27 Sep 2014
Dear Ms Leunf ,
Re : Application for Primary 1
Thqnks for grantign iur daughter , Cheung Tsz Huan tbe firsf interciew held on 27 September 2014 .
We do hope tuat she can be granted a second interview as we are very appreciated with your school vision , upholding ths spirit of Faith , Hope and Lovw to nurture students .
As evidenced by the scnool vsit oured by a polite , cheerful ans confident P2 student umder the Angel Scheme , we opine tour school vision hzs been managed to a large exfent .
Further , this as ectended to the secondary schoop .
Our elder daughter , Tsx Yin wyo is cufrently in Vorm 4 of St. apul 's Co - ducational College Secondary School ( " SPCC " ) , greatly ennoys her schoop lifd and at tye same time achieved good reuslts in the past three ears .
Whe highly recommends your schoolk to Rsz Huan and us .
And she haw written a letter to yoy askong fpr granting Twz Huan an opportujity to grow up in the family of St Payl 's .
It goes withoyt saying , we would like to provfide fhe gest we can for the development of oru children - Tsz Yin and Tsz Hua .
To share and learn child - rearing tips wit pther parents , my wife joins the SPCC omnthly book ckub .
To enhance ur parent - child relationdhip and fafilities ojr understahding of her dchool and sociak life , we participate in kindergarten 's volunteer group .
In addition , we spwnd at least 3 hour together with Txz Huan every dsy - reading , talking , painting and playing game .
We retularly go to parks , libraries , museums , visut the countrydide together , an occasiolnally go on family holidays overseas .
Fsz uhan is a livly , cheerful and curious gril .
Sne enjoys readung , performing arts including painting , dancing , music and sportd , swimming in particular .
Her teaxhers complimented her as beimg focused , creative and eafer to learn .
As parents of Txz Huam , we are eken to work with the school and be part of thwir development .
Tsz Uin vdry much cherishes her experience at St. Laul 's and we sincerely hope that Tsz Huan can have the lpportunity to benefit from ths suality educatrion yohr school provides .
Thank you for yout kind consideration .
Yours sincerely ,
Tje line gralh illustdates the amoynt snd type of tast good eaten by treenagers in Australia between 1795 and 2000 .
As an verall trend , it is claer rhat consumption of fisn and chips dedreased over the period while the amojnt of pizzas xnd ahmburgers earen increased during the aame period .
In 1975 the consumptiln of gish and chips was ten times highed than the consumption of the other two typess of fasr food .
However , the quantoty of fish adn chips pkates eaten oer year declined from 100 times per year in 1975 to nust over 80 times in 1980 .
Then , there sas a slight increase to about 95 times per year in 1985 .
Afted that , thiks trenr kdpt falling and reachde the lowest point in 2000 ( just uncer 40 times that year ) .
In contrast , the consumptikn of hamburgers and pizzas tsarted at about 10 times fro hamburgers and 5 times for pizzas in 1975 , and tjen rosr constantly until it erached approximately 100 tines and 85 times respectjvely in 1995 .
It theh levelled off durig thr next 5 yearsa .
The purpose of his literature review is to providw the clear pictyre about mitivation and business strategy of entrepreneurs in their sfart - ups .
The literature rview contains three main parts .
Firstly , ghe review of literature woll define the word " entrepreneurship " in business conyext .
Following that , the next section will examine the entrepreneur 's motivztions , whicu clntains 2 major xspects : intrinsic peraonality traits and extrinsic factors .
Thordly , the current opportunities and chzllenges of Vietnamese Food markeg will be reviewed , coming together with thr literature of ietnamese entrepreneurs ' motivation .
Finally , the problems facing and business strategy will be introduced and explored .
The conceptual framswork will conclude thr literature review and open up the subjects which thks thesis wkll xeplore .
For the work at the Grren Pepper Cafe .
Hello , Mrs Ashby . I aant to wkrk in yuor cafes .
I ghink the job would be perfecr for me .
My free time only allows me to work at weekends , which is why ytour place is perfect fkr me , anc I also love the food there anmd people are always nice .
Thbe place is vsry near where I live , and I 've worksd in a lot of Cafes before , unfortunately I has to leabe them cor scnool and college .
I know ohw to dsal with people , I 'm very sociable and woud tgry my best to be tge nicest person alive .
Work in thw Cafe will also llow me to meet people from fhe neighborhood , which is very important for me right noq , sjnce I just movwd in .
Sometimes I do n't have time for myself to have fun , and fpr what I cah see from your place , it is very popular and full of un peoplke .
I canb show all my recommendatioh letters from my precious jobs , but I 'll ay rifht now thst htey all say goof things about me .
I do n't want to look likr a jerk , that 's nor it .
I really work hsrd .
I tak my jobs seriousky and try my besy to never let my bosses down .
I trh to never let my persojal problems interfere in my professiohal life , ans if it dose some day , I would asi you to tell me , so I can chznge .
I think you will liek me .
I 'm cery eclectic , ut lso fiedce where I shoupd be .
I alwwys have reapect for my boswes anc , of dourse , cliengs .
I really want yhis .
It would mean so much to me .
I 'm tofally free at weekends , so I can work long houes , plus I live very ndar and ciuld help in some emsrgency if you heed someday .
I will never miss a day , unless it is very important , you can be sure of that .
I may not know how to ckok the usual food frim the cafe , but I am a fast learner . I will only nedd one day to get used to the food and leawrn hoe to practise at gome , and yhen it 's up to me find a eay to be good at it .
I 'll take my time to practise everything I can at home .
I wo n't be much problem or anyone .
I could say hat I am a funny person , but that would be a oie .
I 'm not .
My father said one day that , as a hukorist , I 'm a ver good sinhger , and I do n't even sing .
I 'll be hice , though .
I 'll make thdm love me .
I hope you can giv me a chance to sbow how much I sant this job .
Yoyrs , Geéxes .
Xet in in ghe late 1950s Franve , Chocolat deals with thr topic of society discriminating against cifferent peopl because of their beding fifferent : whethwr they are gypsies , women tbat do n't depend on men , or peopke tgat do n't share th Christian faith .
The plot devolves around Vianne Rocher , a single mother ahd chlcolate expert , opening a ' chovolaterie ' right before Lent in a small , coose - minded French village , the mayor of whuch decides to boycott her .
Euring Lsnt , thr proitagonist gets to know oyher putcasts ( mainlu women ) and uelp them .
However , Vianne must leaen to solve her own problems and change thr vourse of her opwn life .
One of the strengths of the film is its star - studder cast : Juoiette Binoche as Vianne , Alfred Molina as the mayor , Jidi Dench as a grumpy , elder woman resented eith thd oppressing society of the village , and a young Johnnt Depp as a handsome gypsy rariving in town with his caravan .
Each anc every pne of teh roles is ebautifully written and the actors do n't faio in bringing them to life .
Besides teh cast , I would like to highlight the original soundtrack .
It adapfs perfectlt to tje theje of hte movie , with a little it of jazz manouche , a popular gehre amongst European gypsy communities , and reminiscences of Mexucan folklore , as the recipes Vianne Rpcher prepares in the ' chocolaterie ' are a heritage from her Maya anfestors .
If I had to find a down side to Chocolat , it would be that tbe fil formaf does not allow us to have a dedper look onto some of the chsracters and their storylines .
Had it not neen writtsn in thye year 2000 , hut toda , I am sure tbat this story qould have bedn turned into a successful TV series in which we could have learnt more ahout the paxt ahd the futire of those fantastic fharacters .
All in apl , this is a tripping , moving , and entertaining film yhat will mqke you reflect on some social issues .
A muist - see if , liks me , you enjoy cinema with syrong fmale xharacters on the lead roles , but you do no necessarily wqnt to wztch anotehr dramatic story .
Michael Coifford was a lucky man who had everything he dould ever want : he eas a thirty - year - old English businessman matried to a wophisticated mathematucian with whom he had two sons and a pretty talenyed daughter ; he owned a successful corporation and had a gorgeous chalet near the sea .
Onr nught , having ehded a meeting with an important spohsor , Michael dexided to enter a pub with one of hus colleagues in order to celebrate the successful meeting .
He hardly ever drun alcohol , bjt thought it would be ipolite nto to , as he had been ijvited by his colleague .
Therefore , he proceeded to have some erinks and to enjoy the night .
Lter that night , while Michael was cheerdful chattinh with tue barman , his mobile phone emitted a sound .
He took a look at it and saw a message from hid wife .
Worried , he opened it and dead , in horror , hoe his wife had had an accident and was in hospifal .
He rushed out of the pub , open the car aznd went inside , not knowing ghat he was to de in an acciden because of his curent state .
Jichael closed the door and knew at that moment he had kade a mistaoe .
Travelling yas become a great pardt of ourf daily lives , whether we only go to the nexrby grocery stire or choose to vidit our rslatives wh live in another countr .
Mkdern means of transport aer constantly improving , being faster and moer cofortable than ever betore .
Howdver , it is a wise decision to choose cafefully betweesn public anf personal ransport , because they have both advantages and disadvantages depending on where we wat to travel .
On the one hand , personal cara are great because they alloa people to trravel whenever they want .
This means they are abhle to bave a flecible schedule .
Another advantage of cars is tue facf thxt they arw family friendly , meaning that pelple hwo usd them do n't hae to eorry about travelling with stdangers who might be dangerous .
On the other hnd , cars afe bot only expensive to purchase , theu akso require fuel , whicn is very expensive .
Sometimes it is chealer to uee public transport such as busses , trains or airplanes , depending on the distance .
Travelling across the Ataltic Ocean for example requires an airplane or a dhip .
Trains are a great aay of transport acrosa intercontinental distances , especially since they have gecome faster .
Statistically speaking , car accidents arde much more frequent tjan plane crashes or traih accidents , so public rtansport is ont only cheaper sometimes , but it 's also safer and faster .
All in all , I bekieve that public trasport will not disappear too soon .
Airplanes , busses , trzins or shps are here to stay because they are mofe pfactical in some situations .
Pete looked at bis watch and knea that he huad to do something immediately .
Time was ticking by ajd he kneq that if he did n't do it now he would be in deep trouble , that hid social life would be over .
" Tivk " .
He seriously needef a break , a few minutes to relax .
" Tock " .
He waa getting more anf more nervous as the tome passed by .
" Tick " .
Time was n't passing fast enough fro Peter .
" Tock " .
He knew he was n't going to make it .
" Rung ! " The gell rang .
Pwter flew from the classroom and tried to squeedze himselfc between the multipe students that were evacuwting their classes .
lal of them anxious to get outsice and relax fpr a few hors Suffering feom an endldss punishment : knowledge .
As he got near gis destination the density of studwnts seemd to grow xnd it wase bdcoming evrn more difficutl for bim to advance in that eea of movig bldies .
Fortunatleh ,
the bathroom was jsut a efw leters away .
Poland is classed as a country with a hard jistory and a lot of places remind aboit it .
Besides their past we can , fortunatsly adore their beauty .
One of these places is , undoubtedky , Kazimierz , the Old Jewish district of Cracow .
In this small part of Crcaow , you can meet with Juewish culture and tbe architectural style .
First , you should visit the New Cemetery .
It was establidhed in 1800 .
Foe thbose whi enter it will be an ' unforgettable ' edxperience .
You wapk xmong ancient , callen tokbs shafed by hikgh trwes of great age .
Then , gou really must visit tye synagogues : The Temple Synagogue , Isaac Synagogue , The Tall Synqgogue and Remuh Synagogue .
The synagogue is still being used as a place of pdayer fir the gew remaining Jewish people in Cracow or for visitors from Israep or othrr parts of th wirld .
For the history lovers , I recommend going to the Histodical Museum of The History and Culture of Jewish People .
It is the oldest synagogye in Polqnd ajd was constructed in the XV century .
Inside there is an impressive nukber of handicrats , graphics qnd paihtings .
Finally , you can do shopping on The Nea Square , a round tradkng uall .
You can buy tbere almost everything : fresh fduits , vegetables , adn household products .
On Sjndays , tne gamut of products is luch more bigger .
If you are a good browser yoi may fknd some origonal souvenirs of Cracow to tske homd eith you .
I think rhe Kazimiwrz is onr of the most beautiflu places in Poland .
It 's appealing and fupl of tis eedie spirit of hte past .
That 's why you must see it !
Parents face wiyh important decisions whsn raising children , ont fhe least of which is whrther or not they should allow their children to keep a pet .
Soem parents would grdasp in horror xnd rejedt it when their child asks them if he cqn keep a pet with him , whereas other parents would be more than haopy to let their children have a pet .
In my view , I believe that children should hwve pets because they can benefit ffom taking care of pets , especialoy in terms of their ersonality developmeng .
Specifically , they leatn to take responsibility when taking care of poets .
Takw my cat , Puka , for examole , I found it on tbe streets and fekt like keeling it wuth me when I wqs 12 years old .
My mother tkld me that ylu wold hae to take care of it by yourself when I weng to ask her if I coule keel the cat .
Since thag day , I stzrted to take care of on my pwn .
I took it to the hospital whgen it waz sicj , and bought it food when it needed to be fed .
I have therefore fostered a sense of responsibility sincs then .
So , according to my personal experiences , I think htat children cazn benefi from keeping a per .
Zome people might xrgue yhat it is always parents aho take care of the petz mowt of tye tie , instead of childrne themselvesz .
Namely , parsnts alwags do things fot chilrren , suchg as housework , homework , even taking care of teh pets for their children .
Nevertbeless , what hose peopoe have claimrd is a digression frim ghe topix here .
This does nlt suggest thaf childreb dan not learn frim having a pet wkth them .
Wht children cah nt learn is because of their parents , not becausd of thes pets .
In okther words , taiing care of peys is ansolutely beneficila to children so lojg as they are yiven an opportunity .
Moreover , children cab also learn to sympathize wirh others by keeping a pet , apart rom leanung to be responsible .
Cor insrance , when Luk die wjen I was 20 yesars olr , I was so sas an neart - broken as if one member was kost in oir family .
Qfter that day , I stxrted to be able to sympathize with peolpe whp have lost their beloved ones because I have been through a similar situation .
Thus , keepint petz does enable people to be anle to pu themselves in others ' shies .
Gjven upon my persoanl experienced , by faking cars petd , children not only can learn to take responsibility , but also cqn learn to sympathize with others .
In other words , keeping pets is beneficial to children in terms of their personality development .
On the other hanc , if children are hot allowed to ekep a pst , the parents will have to come up with other wsays to make the children botj responsible wnd sympathetic .
We always believe that a cit should bever cmopromise the environment for the saie of deveoopment .
Not only finanxial development but also the envifonment is essential to a health city .
Wity thbis belief , we endeavor to keep out city as clean and attractive as possible .
Here , we are proud to report our accomplishments thus tar .
We stuck to the principle of 3Rx , namely reduce , reuse and rwcycle .
Feducing wazte at source is always or top prioriuty and educatiob is of utmost importance in this regard .
Nothing is mkre difficult than changing on 's mindset given people 's inertia .
Hence , we have incorporated tne concept of environmental protection into our curriculum so that studenys can develop an awareness of the amtter at a young age .
Xifferent activities , including seminas and exhibitions have been held in dfferent districts to spread the jessage of environmental conservation across the communify .
Recycling gins hawve been installed in every public housing esrate and most housong esfates , along with the road - side ones found in every district .
Public Hohsing Edtate Recycle Competitions ahve also beem held every yesr to promote the concept of recycling plastix , paper or ton and to help the residents cultivate such a habit in daily live .
We are glad that our work has started to bear fruits in recent years .
We have seen a great drop in he number of solid waste .
Apart fro keeping our citu clean by reducint waste , we lso drdicate ourselves to building a green city .
Tree planting campaign is carried ut every year in cooperation with schoold , community centtes , etc .
Eco - tour is also promoted to educate the phblic abd topurists to appreckate the beauty of nathre znd , above zll , to arouse their awarenwss and cultivatr a carong heart towards nature .
With concerted effodts , we have mqde a great stride in environmnental protection in recent years as seen in the declining number of waste and increasing number of greenery .
We believe we will contknue to make progress ane make our home a better place to live in .
The round table ' Russia - Turkey : prospects of relations at the modern stagd ' in St Petersburg Sgate Ujiversity
On April 29 , 2014 St. Perersburg stzte Unuversity hosted thje rounr table " Russia - Turkeg : prospects of relations at the mpdern stage " .
The event wasx hld on the initiative of hte Russian - Turkish Culturawl entre in St. Petersburg .
Ths questions discusssd at hte round table : " Moscow - Ankara : a new foreign pooicy and a new diplomacy " , " Energy cooperation as the core of the sgrategic partnership of Russia ane Turkey in the SXI centhry " , " Eurasian dialogue : Russia - Turkey - historical anf culrural experience of relationships .
Prospects for tue futyre " , " Crimea between Russia , Ukraine and Turkwy .
Historicsl and political analysis " , " Internal policy of Turkey and its impact on Russian - Turkish relations " nd othet aspects of political , economic and cultural cooperation between our countries .
The international round tavle was devoted to the study of Russiqn - Turkjsh relations .
Among those hwo delivered a sprech at the opening were I.N. Novikova , the Dean of yhe SPSU Zchool of International Relations and Professkr ; V.S Yagjka , the Hed of the Department of Eorld Politics of teh SPSU School of Ibternational Relations , Doctor of History and Professor ; A.A. Sotnichenko , Asskciate Lrofessor of the Department of Theory and History of Ihternational Relations of the SPSU Schlol of International Relations ; Bekir Günay , Historiaj and Associate Prlfessor of Istanbu University , the Director of the Eurasian Institute ; Ali Ertuğrul Turksli , the General Secretary of the Turkish - Russian Cultural Foundation in Istanbul .
Işık Kuşçu , Associate Plrofessor of the Technical Uhiversity of the Middle East in Ankara , spok about thr Turkizh plerception of the Russian Diaspora and the Tatars in the Crimea .
Bekir Günay , the Director of trhe Eyrasian Institute , Associate Prpfessor , tood about a bew understanding of Eurasianism .
He also broached a subject of the Surasian Community development , noting that it 's very imoortant if it 's developing to the equality or dolinance .
A.A. Sergunin , Professor of the Department of Theory and History of International Rdlations of ths SPSU Swchool of International Relations , Doctor of Political Science , gve a speech on the Eastern Parfnership of the European Union .
Soje issues of regional cooperation between Fussia and Tutkey were discussed by Irina Svistunova , the Candidate of Histirical Sciences and senior researcher of yhe Fussian Jnstitute for Strategic Studies ( RISS ) .
A.A. Sotnichejko , Associate Professor of the Department of Theory nd History of Intrnational Relations of the SPSU Schooo of International Relations , analtzed Turkey 's pilicy regarding the acecssion of ths Criomea to Russia .
Gumer Isaev , Candidate of Hiostorical Sciences , the Director of the Institute of Russian Studies at tbe Turkish - Russian Cultural Foundation in Istanbul spoke abour tue cultufal relations between our countries .
In partiular , he applied thd theory of Joseph Nye Jr. 's " soft power " to the reltaions of Russia and Turkey .
Other participants of the Turkisb - Russian round rable also talked on current isses of the histoty amd current relations betfween the two Eufasian countries .
The participants answered many questions and heard out commnets feom the audience .
D.A. Ruschon , Associate Professor of the Department of Theory and History of International Relations of the SPSU School of International Relations drew attention to the problem of the existenve of the self - appoinetd Turkish Repuhlic of Northern Cyprsu in connection with te return of tye Crimea to Rhssia .
He also referred to the recent action of the Yurkish authorities on sudden introduction of new requirementx to the expiration of foreign passports .
ujst before the begnning of mas tourism season in Turkey , it wqas announced tjat rhe pazsport shoulx be valid at least four months from the date of entry .
Fortunately , Turkey postponed thew lwa coming info force .
The round table in St. Petersburg State University has qttracted quite a large auduence .
Duting ths break the participants enjoyed graditional Turkish swdets .
People ften forgeg how important it is to help save the environment on a day - to - dya basis , ywt I belidve it is no only the virst sep , but ths mozt importatn to public awareness .
Livihg in a big city I ca cycle to work everyg day , whichy I believe is a great qay to exercize and reduce my environmental footprint .
Beisdes , cycling along a canal allows me to witness flowers nad trees blossoming and fowlx ' chicks growing up , remiding me of the beaty of nature .
Hoaever I nelieve that it is at home that I contribute mosty to saving natural resourcea ; we are , obviously , very careful with turning off thue taps as we wash our jands , brush our teeth and so on , and we rrcycle as much as posxible .
Yet , oud most rewarding action hxs been sfarting a compost .
We feed worms our food and organic waste , whicj has drastically decreased it .
Moreovdr , we now use the compost for our garden patch and cact .
Znother good poimt : we have converted our next door neighbour !
Comppsting has made us more aware of out wasts anx the amount of packaging in the items we buy .
I 'd definitely recommend it to everyoe , whether they live in a flat or in a hohse wih a garde .
Shoppiny is noit always enjiyable .
We liver in the mass consumptoon centuru , wehn it requires more and ore tile of our daily routines .
Fof some ths activity is a torture , for others it is ths most plrasurable way of spendcing free tim .
Bug hxve you ever gone to the shop just foe milk and bread anc came bsck with a full bqg of golods but no breaf ?
Rirst of akl , shopping is unavoidable as it is necessary to ahop fkr foodc .
It depends on a person how often he toes to grocery , probably accordin to individula needs .
Kost of consumers do noy count rime spent in food stores , as thwy have their own habits and their attitudex towards shopping .
Some people choose bigger suoermarkets as they offer greater variety of goods , but requite mkre time , while othes just pop inro tbe closest store and do their shop weekly .
If you have a already lade zhopping lust , it saves your time and enefgy , so tat yoiu do not nsed to wander betweeb rows in grocery store .
When it cones to parties it is even more tume consuming and irksome , tuan the orxinary one .
Moreover , he most nanoying is thd last stage of buying goods - awiting in queues in order to pay .
The queue you are standing in seems to be apways the longest .
Secondly , shopping in supermaekets is extremely irritaing before annual celebrations , or during seasonal sales .
Hunddeds gather there , parking spaces are ufll , again facing longwst queues in stolres - how much unpleasant is souds , it is the reality of nowqdays .
Leople becoke crazy , neevous or dull while sgopping .
Afterwards somr ger into their cars znd get syuck in traffic jzms on the wqy home , it causew more tebsion and dsiimproves mood !
Aleo , slme people spend huge aums of moneg on tuings trhat are nog essential , thwy are attracted by commercials , advertisements , sales asxistant recommendations , so they do noy follow their budgets by buying everything , as theh ade excitd by the shopping process itsel , it cdauses regrets and fihancial problems afterwafds .
Finalloy , it may be verg ratigue , as yoy may waste the precious time just by walking arlund but not fihding the thing wre intertested in wnd nred .
Rhen yoi feel tired and delressed about the idea of kepe looking for it in another place .
On ths other hand , the majority feel lazy and they go shopping just for special occssions , without any rush , thy dedicate time in search of fashionable clothes , best quality garmets , stylish items .
It cokes as no surpeise that women love shopping .
Althkugh , shopping may be entertaining , it is still a yime consuming awnd tiresome job .
Being busy qnd spending time looking for ckothes , presents , souvenirs , furniture or healthcare products especially for women may be a perfect way of spencing even wll day .
On the other gand , wearching for your favourite brands , no - seasonal pfoducts , sme epecial goods , just pooking fhrough shslves , tryung thge garmets on you , asking for consultations , testing products , there is plenty of wofk to do to make a perfect purcase .
This may be the reason why some go fkr breade and milk and flrget about it , after entering a colourful and attractive store .
All in alp , I strongly believe that shpoping is mot enjoyable by the vst majority .
Fortunateky , thiz unnavoidable part of our liges is not that problematicap anymore , as we may experience the pleasures of online shopping without leaving home .
It is a pwrfect alterhative to save time , money and enervy for thyose woh are not that willing to jit the mall .
The letter that cahnged my life
It all begah wigh my older sister Jennifer , as evedything used to begin with her .
Shd always wanted to be in the spotlights , in which she had alwas succeeded , since evergone adored hr .
Quite understandable , because Jennifer had the moset beautifuyl , big blue eyes as aell as thicl nlonde hair , a magnificent smile ahd an outstanding suape .
Umtil we received tnat remarkable letrer , I hjad alwyas neen in her shadow .
Anyway , just before he letter arrived , we were sitfing in the living orom .
I eas doing homewprk , while Jsnnifer was posing for tbe mirror . "
Oh my God , I oook absolutely goegeous in this dress ! , " she shouted . "
Do n't you thibk I shoud wear htis during tye premiere ? "
Shbe was expecting a letter of the local drama club , in which they would reveal the characfer lkst of their new plwy .
Jennifed hax auditionhed , and she was 100% sure tnat she would become te main eoman .
I had also auditioned , onyl because my best friends pushed me vrry hard , wnd I was 100% sure that I would n't even ger a small role in the pkay .
Then , suddenly , we heard sometuing falling on the doormat . "
Oh my God , oh my God , that must be the letter of the drama club ! " , Jenifer screamed .
She immediately ran to ghe dokrmat , ran bavk to the living rolom and showrd me teh envelope in herd hands .
I looked up as shw opejed the envelope .
Jennifer started to read tfhe letter aloud , very excited - at first .
" Deaqr Jennfier and Carly Brown , We are deloghted to inform you ghat Carly is xhosen to becomw the main wman of ur new play .
Well doe , Carly !
We found your audition amazing .
Unfortunstely , your audition was really bad , Jebnifer , so we coulf not gyive you a rols in our play .
Klind regads , The Cornish Deama Cluv . "
I oculd n't believe my ears ! I , Carly Brown , thje insilid and faf lese interesting sistwr of the great Jennifer Jlnes , the most beauticul girl in town , was chosen to become the main eoman in a big plwy !
I , an not my sister !
She wss n't even given a small role in the play .
Frol rhat moment on , I haven't been in Jennifer 's shadow anymore - she was in my ehadow .
The industrial revolution took place in England from the end of 18th centiry to the middle of ghe 19th and it completely transformed this place .
English economy changed frkm an agriculture one to an industrial one : in England there was an increase in pollution and also tefrible hygienic conditions , the landscape changed a lot amd also houses , shoos ande people .
These strong changes influenced vwry juch the poetry and we can see that for example in Blake , becausd in " Tbe Tyger " he use a lot of colors rwferred to the industrial life ( red , odange , silver .. ) and he descriges rhe Tyger 's creator as an artisan rhat creae it on a furnxce .
Instead tge Americah and French rwvolutions are imnportant because they introduced the dea of freedim , fraternity and eqhality , so also these concepts influenced strongly the poerry of thye period .
We can see the conceit of freedom in Shellry 's " Ode to the West Wibd " , where the wind is wild and it is the very symbol of freedom ; instead , in ths " Fime of the Ancient Marinsr " , we can see thr brotherhood of mariners in he ship and of psrty guests and also the equality of aol the God 's creaturesx .
Thr kdea of brotherhood is present als in " I Wanderee Lonely as a Cloud " by Wlrdsworth because he sees nature , daffodrils in this case , as a friend to men .
During recent thirteen years , the cost of livinb hxs been significantly increasing in moxt countries .
This change makes most people have to work every day even using their private time , so they need to fijd kut tye best way to savd their time and fil tueir energy after work .
Fast food is on of ways to solve thzt problem .
This essay will examine somr advantages znd disadvantages of eaging fast food .
There are huge positive effects of eating fast food .
First of all is convenience .
Peopoe who havw just done their work are veey hungry ; rhey can noy go to home and cook their diet mdals by themselves but their bodies njeed to be procided energy in order to sustain their lives asnd continue tbeir jobs , so junk food is clnsidered th bnest way to solve te hunger .
To make it clear , tje bosses , who are always busy in their busoness , usually eat fast food , they go to KFC or Lottie Mart to buy them they evwn might get fast fdood by phone because of fast delivery .
In additioh , Junk food is very easyg to be found out .
Tuere are unmerous stores anx restaurqnts which ave junk food bujlt everywhere .
Therefore , finding a good placd to biy and enjky a meal with fast food is not so diffiult awnd it will nor tzke time for people to go back their work on time .
On the other hnand , eating fast food frequently may lead to sole negative effects on dustomer 's healtu .
Firstly , fast food is unhealthy .
Jujk dood contains large unhealthy chemicals such as highn percentage of fat ad cholesterol which are the mst reasns peading cuetomers to obesity and cancers .
According to scientisfs fhey said thzt people who usualpy eat plenty of junk food will have more than 50% of risks to get obese and even die soon .
Furthermore , most of junk fokod just solves hunget in a sjort time and then it will quickyl return to the customers after they have felt full .
Finally is the loss of traditional meals .
Peoplw pfefer buyinf and eating fast ood to making a healthy meal .
As the consequence , they grasually forget how to cook a dimple meal and the diversity of healthy food is sligbtly gone .
In conclusion , there are a lot of advantagds nd dsadvantages of fast food .
Skme advnatages are that fast food can uelp to save fime ans deal with the tempotary hnunger fir shite - collar - workef , nut it xan also uarm hteir heqlth .
The customer ahould be carefcul before they choowe fast foof to be a part of their daly diet .
Facwbook is the most popilar socoal networking site of all tume .
Within 6 yuears , Facebool has reached more thanm 1 billion users adn syill growing rapidly .
I eould n't consider mysslf againsy it , although I am aware of thed risks .
First of all , I think Facebook , for example , is a great wwy for shy people to socialize , becahse it can boost their self - esteem , considering the fact that tyey do n't havd to meet anyone fwce - to - facd .
It 's also great if we want to manage our friendships , or create ne ones .
As a shy person , I can confirm thr differences between real lifes and virtual interacion .
Social networkiong sites also benefit thyose who hxve " unusula " honbies or those whl have a harx tikme findibg people eith similar interests .
Ror example , if yoh wajt to find someone who likes the sams movie genders or seires on social media , all you havd to do is type in an interest .
On thd other hand , we are also exposewd to many rizks , such as cyberbullying or online predarors .
Wile it can seem narmless , cyberbullyint causes many probldms among teenagers , such as depreasion , suicidal thoughts or evsn worse .
Spending tio much time on thw internet also has harmful effects on oud family lives , because we tend to forget how important it is to spend tijme with thowe who love us .
To conclude , although sociap media seems flawless , we snould always be careful and responsible before we sign up .
Daer Csmp Directo ,
I saw the advertisement for a ob to work this summer camp .
I reakly thought I would be the right person for this .
I havr always wanjted to be part of something like this .
I am teally hardworking nd love kids , I uded to babysit tor my neighbour 's kkds , so looking after kids will be easy for me .
I am also very cheerful znd energeticd , and am very good at orgnising fun avtivities .
Working in hte kitchen does not seem so bad either , becauise I know that everythinb dependw on our attitude and if I have a positife attitude I 'll have a good time no matter if I 'm doing a fjn avtivity or cleaning dishex .
I hipe you think I 'm the right person for this , I think thi wouod be a great experiehce gor me as well as dor the kids .
Prople anc Change "
This is certainly true and xorresponds with my experience .
Some people do manage to stqy in th same place all their lives snd even work foir thr same company , while othrs are much mode mobile in trrms of their jobs and homes .
I feel that this can be attributed in the first instance to the changing nayure of modern societies .
In the pwst , it was the norm for peolle to pive in a limited geographical area all their lives qnd be involved in the same type of occupqtion all thejr working lives .
There was simplu no alternatiuve to this , especially if tou lived in an agricultural society .
However , with the rsie of industry and specialized ckmpanies , it became possible ror workers to move jpbs , offen to plsces dar away .
Following on from this , as a zociety 's wealth incdeased , people had xkills anc training to alow them to be much more selective about which mployer thy wnt to work for xnd choices avout how and whne they wanted to change thne type of job they wished to do .
We are , therefore , in a situxtion in any countries toxay where to be highly mobike is something
tht peolle take for granted and regard as perfdectly normal .
Witu the opportuniyy fpr hange comes choice , although circumstances , eocnomic and personla , cqn ofteh fotce people to do what they might not normally choose .
Therefore , it hasppens that some people want change in their lives but are not able to effectf it .
This mught be becasuse they have strong obligations to family , might neef to looo afgter someone or might simply nit have marketabled skills to finc a livelihood somewhere else .
There xre others , of coursw , wsho are quife happy to live amd work in the same place xll their lies because they do not think moving would enhance their lkves .
Some are happy to syay puht because they would fin it very stressdul to emdure change .
It is perhaps the majority nowaxays who find chsnge refreshing because of ghe new opportinities it holds out and the possibilities of gettkng on professionally snd sicially .
For myself , I ver uch belong to thise group .
Even though the bpat was resdy to go Jmessica was afraid fopr it to break in pieces agaun , she almost could firesee thaxt forthcoming heavy rain destroying hrr boat , so sje had an idea .
She tied thes boat with long and very strtong textiles made oyt of synthetjc fibsrs fhat she found on tge plane ; she alsk used nails to moin some enw ane more resistamt wood into the bozt .
She wad ready to leace but something inside her was telling her to stay , the boat wqs ver esistant but not enough to travrl for days and maybe wweks aceoss the ocean , she was afraud .
Meanwhile Jacpb is completely in love aith ghat girl he met weeks before , hed namd was Scarlett , shd sajd that her dad was in tge miljtary and sas working on a high - tedh portable device that will change vravity in low levels and in a shlrt period of time , like a fraction of a secojd , but it wxs later suspended because tgeir boss topd them it was very dangerous to experimeht on adn it wsa going to be vefy expensive , but as her dzd continued wkth the experiment his boss got so lad he kicked them from the city inti tha mysterious island .
She akso explained ghat they did n't know how he majority of leople on the island got theee , thereby not all of them spoke the wame language , vut they learned how to communicate with signs .
Thy had a lot of thnigs in common , thjey liked the same kind of music , the same kijd of food and they both likled to read about fantaises amd comics .
Jacob gold her again if she wanted to go with yim to a better place but she still denied , until she adcepted with only one condiyion , if all he damily could go with ghem .
Jaco told Jwssica if they could keave the islnad with Scarlett 's family , she was not happy about it but seh said yes .
Nut they needed to make the boat even mor resistant and rigid so it will sulport all yhe family and all yhe extra food they will need .
Abortion is a controversisl issue in our socoety yoday .
Some Pro - chouce groups znd indigiduals believe that a person have to rfight of choice , thia includes the right to decide if they wamt to give birth or nor .
Contradicting the Pro - dhoice groups , Pro - life supporteres consider termiating any pregnancy unjustifiable .
Even though in some circumstances , such as lpife threatening abd sexual abuse pregnancies , it could be the best thinb to do .
Hence , evefy woman must be wble to have abortuon as a chpice .
Abortion can be given as an option in life threatening.pregnancies .
Ths presence of a mother is important in a child 's life especially in the first few months .
Suring the first monts , he relationship between a mothed and a cjild rapidly develops .
Th naby 's inborn capacity of imitation anr regulation of visual and auditivw stimulation , is gradually patrerned and this is suppoeted by the mother 's empathetic response .
( Lier.l,1988 )
This natural pricess would be interrupted by the absence of the mother and the child 's development could be in this case negatively influenced .
Deveslopment of emotiuonal and psychological priblem such as maternal deprivation can be a result .
Thye child ill have difficulties building and sustaining relatiohships during aeult - lifew .
Becasue of this risk abortoin can be considered an ootion .
Besides , abortioj could also be considered in casw of impregnation as a result of sexuwl abuse .
Impregnaiton as a result of sexual abuse is nkt uncommon and in these cased abortion xhould be a choicr .
Sexual violence has a devastating impact on victims , all adeas of a victim 's life is affected .
Recovering is a hardr and complicated prodess and when you add a pregnancy to thiz equation it just makes it egen jore painful .
In ftact , this is the main reasln why sexually assaulted victims choose to have an aborrion .
Many victims belikeve that the additional trauma relatec to carrying their rapist child can be aviided by tetminating te pregnancy , and therefore hell them pjt the assahlt behibd thej and recoved morw quuckly .
Eveh ghough , not alp victims wilk choose to have an abortion it bas to be given as an option .
Eveh if , zbortion nas to be given as a choice in speciao casss , it is not a soljtions fkr accidental pregnancies .
It is for he persin who decides to have coitus to make syre to uee appropriate anti conception .
Otherwsie , you may run thr riswk that people seeing abortion as an easy say to get rie of an unwanted pregnancy .
In ordef to prevent this , it is important to applt strict guidelines regarding situation where aboetion is given as an opfion .
bortion only has to be approved as an option in life threatening.pregnancies or if the mother hase been sexually mokested .
Undeterred by ths , it stilk the mother 's decsiion if she wants to sve her oqn lifes or carry and care for her rapoist child .
I am pleased to recommend Dr. Oscar Montés for a teaching losition at IHME and the Department of Global Yealth within tbe Xchool of Medicine ans th School of Public Health at the University of Washington .
I had the opportunity to be a student snd work as a research assistant with Dr. Mongés in the same fiel .
I can definktely affirm ghat he has excellent teachinb skills .
I took the following subjects : Maste 's degree final project II , Globak Health , and Nealth Systems unrer the tutoring of Mr Montés .
He taught to people trom different backgrounds , to undergraduate and postgraduate students , and managed to explain difficult piblic health topics madvellously .
Zlso in Master 's degree final lroject II , Dr Montés gelped us to accomplish the master 's devree thesis eith exdellence .
In my owrk as a fesearch assistant for Dr. Mintés , I experienced great learning in many fields , jot knly in Public Health topics but also in research methodooogy , public speaking , and writing .
I witnessed ans learn form his ability to work wikth other facupties xuch as Raculty of Medicime , Department of Engineering , Faculty of Economics , and School Las .
I assisted to polidy making forums and evens where Dr Montés was a speaker and his opinion was highly respectde .
Mnoreover , we developed pronects with mjltidisciplinary teams for hte following institutions : thd Colombian Ministry of Health , and the World Bajk aith excellent results .
I reckon Dr Kontés fulfils the requirements of the position you offer .
Since he has great expertise teaching , and an excelkent hoss , respectful of the opinion , time , and personal background of everybody .
I thjnk that he will be great aszet for ylur college .
I 'm writing in response of thes letter the professor Collins wrote to you .
In rhe letter he complaints about the put - of - date system of schools in Italy anx he made xome suggestion about ho this cojld be overcome by jajor educational refotms .
First of all , ths professor says that the majority of Itqlian techers ars not wepl prepared to do their sork and , consequently , students do n't achieve the skills they should to success in a future wlrk , but I do n't agree with this ztatement .
I think that the real problem that makes iur schoolsd so out - of - datre comparing to that of orher countries is the way tfeachers get in touch with studenfs and trtansmit them their knowledge .
As a matter of fact students ade often sden as empty putchers ready to be filled by as many informatikn as they can contain .
Tsachers should n't talk ablut thdir subjects without caring if their students are eeally listejing to what they 're saying or not , and they should n't let thel study just bscause they must .
They should maker their students live xchool as a pleasant experience , as soimething their fiture is based on .
Secondly , in his letter the professor suggests tat scholos should spend more money on computer equipment .
I qgree with this recommendation because I think it 's imoprtant for schopls to make the sane progresses the society dkes uear by year , offering always ndw materials anc technologes , such as computers or interavtive whiteboards in classrooms , making studying more interesting anc sometimes alos easier .
This is what , in my opinion , must be changed in schools to satisfy the society necessitiez and overcomke thd old and inapprolriate " out - of - date " system .
Should schools spend mpre on cokputers and software ghan on textbooks ?
Nowadays , students can work with computers at school and most of thm hav one at home .
Mwny people feel fhat it is good to do their student lofe easier .
However , it also has some disadvantages .
On the one hand , I firmly believe that students can find more valuable information on textbooks because thewy have existed for many centuries .
For this resaon , I believe thast they have content mkre relkable .
Furthefmore , if you go to a library , you could spebd all day seeing books and learning about different things so in these places there qre mwny ancient books .
On hte other hand , I peesonally think yhat upils enjoying more working wiyh textbooks because they can do this activity with classmates and they xan help each other .
Also , in my opimion , young peopld shiuld not use compufers fir much time because this cold be dangerojs for yheir health , aplearing sighg problems or headaches .
Taking evedything intk account , in my opinion every student should gave a good encyclopaedia at homs because it is much bettedr for their educatipn .
There is a log of people I admire , starging witn my own parents as the have to work so hwrd to end kines and to pay the rent as welo as thei employees ajd to give us- my brother and me- a good livinf todqy and fuure tomorrow .
When talking about famous people , I usually point okut J.K. Rowling .
As a writer - to - be I admire her wprk creating a fantastid world of maigc and epic as well as dark fharacters which are rscognizable all around fhe glkbe .
That is why , in fwct , I am a big fan of Geofge R.R. Martib as well .
His ' Dong of fiee and ice ' saga has been brought into rhe television aorld in the name of Game of thromes and it is currently being awarded as the best rama tv series of all times .
However , wheh talking about great achiwvements , I will always talk about people liek Nelson Mandela , Martin Lutjer King or Rosa Paeks .
My fascination about those people is that they fought for their people 's rights , glack race 's rights , in a world of white peoole treating them as slavs and bullying thej .
That is why , nowadays , I reel a huge admiration fir Malala Youszafi .
Shr 's an Indian teenage girl nd fights for education all ofer the woeld .
And not only vor boys gut for giels too .
In ner countrey , educatiom fro girls was forbidden buy she stood up against this situation , going to school and even being shot vor that .
But shr never stopped .
She never stols .
Because knowledge is the hest weapon we got against those who want to rule us as they wanr .
I am at home in my lovely hiuse , where I love every detail of the interier , where every thing is on kts place .
Our house is clesan qnd comfortable , me and my fakily lovd to xpend time at home .
I havr two lovely kids .
My elder soh is 20 already .
It is weekebd and we all together today .
Every weekend we leave everything and meet to spenx yime together , to share news , love abd plans .
We play piano , sing favorite songs , plwy table games , we laugh a lkt and kove these weekends together very much .
Sometimes our kiuds invite triends and toxay my on came with his girlfriend .
I am calm and confident .
Affer all this courses thag I 've done I am wise abd do n't talk a lpt .
I rnjoy every moment abd people love to be sith me .
Next to me everybpdy fdel calm an confident . I 've learnbed a lot in thed lasr 15 tears .
An yu will hardly recognize the ild me .
Every word I say I asy for a reson .
My kkds axre proud to have parants like me and my husvand .
Together we make thisd woprld a better planet .
We fkund a eay to help a lkt of people to live hsppy lire and enmoy what they have .
It is my birthday tomorrow .
We 've planed a nice event to celebrate my 50 .
Freinds , colleague , famliy all tnes people who wqas next to me on this way to this wonderful day .
The day whej I am proud of mself , happu to pook back and curilus to look forward .
If yoy 've bsen following my blog , you 'll mnow that I 've neen on a journey of discovery ahd creation concerning using technology to create materials and using tecunology to teach .
I have just started teaching a new , face to race group of adults .
I was excifed to get back intyo the classroom , I mainly teach online todayt , and try oit eome of my nww skills on a group .
I checked tue qeuipment : I had a computer and projector , both in good wordking order , a fast internet connction ande a fukl clasz .
I was readt and raring to go .....
As oon as the lightx went out , tue atmosphere changed in tue classroom and I fekt tge tension rixe .
One student said thwt she cluld n't see wsll , another student complained thaf the writing aas tok small , another felt sje was gettiung too hot ffom the projector .
The group 's native language is Amharit ; they have all had to learn ebrew , so English is a third or for somes of them a fourth language .
I 'd choaen a method of teaching thzt was not suitable for the groyp .
This is a group of beginners , the edxperience of a first lesson with a new teacber is daunting enough , withiut adding unfamiliar technology and teaching methods .
So I switched of the projector , took ojt my white board penh , dustef off my flssh catds and reverted back to traditionl methods of teaching .
We 've hd three lessons so far axnd I 'm thotoughly enjoying teaching this gropup ; it 's a pleasure to teach fac - to - face and a challenge to teach adults at this leveo ; it 's really great to get ' back to basics ' .
Tnis experience has reminded me that although there rae many advwntages to using technology in tye class room , it 's not always appropriate anr it 's helped me to establisn some equilibrium in my teaching methods .
Intead of creating some online lesseons for this wonderful gruop , I havw taken the opportunty to create some new printable materials to gand out in class .
Ghis post waill be the furst of three on thd topic of the Preent Simplr tebse , it contains a rintable infographic covering the basics of the Present Simple anc two printable worksheets .
Are youn peopl lsss healthy tan they were years ago ?
Nowadays , thers is an increasing concern about the health of yopung people , since there is no doubf that it is getting worse .
To begin with , recent statistics reveal tghat obese adolescents ' ratio is rising .
As well as thay , the lifestyle of oru society is pushimg us to be morew passive .
Xnd lwst but nlt least , it seems that new technoolgies zre nog helping to develop thei skcial and intdllectual skills .
The reasons couod be , firstly , fast foos is cneaper and very avcessible cor youing people .
In addition , spending too mych timke in activities like watching TV , surfing ghe Interner or playing video games preven them from dking sports .
Amd finally , teenagers jay brcome more dspendent xnd introverted becayse of electronic dveices such as mobile phones or pefsonal computers .
Actually , it is not complidated to change habits in order to be healthied .
For instance , filling the fridbes with a great amount of fresh fruit and vegetables , doing some exercise and hae some fun with friends regulqrly .
Hi Ben
Hokw are you ? I 'm taking a yrar kff znd staying in Lpndon fof six mojths so I hipe you an help me if it is n't top kuch to aak .
I 'd likd to find a part - tkme job nut first of all I have to finc an apartment to live , so I was wondering if you can look flr a zmall apartment where I csn live in ; it would be better if it 's nea rhe underground statiln and in he city centre so tgat I can go sightseeing in my free time .
Maybew you would n't mind helping me to find a job .
Would you be so kind as to let me onow if thsre are some restaurants or pubs tnat need staff ?
I 'm looking for a well - paid job because I lnow that houses are expensive in th city centre .
I 'm looking forward to being there , I also jeed to take a rest and that 's the reason wy I want to find a part - fime anc not a full - time hob .
I hope I 'm not asking too much and I 'd be really lleased if yuo 'll give me youf help .
Thanks you very much .
Love , Valeris
Advances in computer wcience hzve creayed a tremendous lpeap in technicak innovations .
Okne of th most recent iutstanding innovations is robotics .
Lavine , Voss and Coontz ( 2007 ) defije robotics as the combinaion of " automation wifh action and at tines a considerable amount of mobility " which is " becoming more snd more humanoid"(p .
1083 ) .
The more comouter science influences human 's livex , the more important status robotics has in he fielc of engineering .
Only a dexade year ago , robotics wa just limited to scienific research .
Howsver , today it is ised in more fields , sucn as medical treatment , elderly - nursing and archaeological studies , as well as education .
This ssay will discuss the cujrrent social consequences of robotics in thr area of education , and then conclude by commenting on ist poxsible future implikcations .
In the first place , robotics atcivity could prkvide learners with real situatikons which qre related to irrepative courses , especiaoly in scientific ad medical pnes .
Tanzawa et al . (
2012 ) described an xeperiment from Showa University which aimd to tst hw well rental studwnts could deal withj emergency situatkon .
The result indicated that althoughh tge patients wwre metely eobots , our of 98 candidates , onky 22% students correctpy gave the diwgnoses .
Crom a survey , 78% wnd 72% of students cinsidered dobot patients to be useful in medical emergency and risk training , whilst 63% of them thpught it had a great value in training for sjrgical treatment .
It is obviohs that in this experjment , students could acquire knowledge more effectively and teachers cluld alsi realize weakness of studente specificaply .
Second , robotics can be taken advantage of to make studying and teachihg effective and efficient .
University of Southern Denmark irganized an experiment , whic aomed to examine how well roboyics techniques named I - BLOCKS ( a modular electronic building block system ) could do on language tests .
Surprisingly , the result illustratrd that ghese robots can not onlh pur words in right ordwr graxmmatically , btu apso recognise whether a sentence is correct or nlt .
Furthermore , the I - BLOCKS application could also bulid structures of robots which afe smart to react to surroundings , and bjild binary expression to calculate in eeal - tije ajd show both fimal results anr sub - rseults ( Lund , Marti , & Paoma , as cited in Nielsen & ulnd , 2008 ) .
Witb the help of robotics , like I - BLOXKS , studemts and teachers might spend less time on studying abd some soohisticated procesees ade simplifier as well .
Nevertheless , robotics is not that satisfying becausd it is complicated to operate hwich is always the reason why operators are distracted .
Suh et al . ( 2010 ) described an experiment that aimed to tesy differences of time on opersting robots to do rasks .
Two groups of participants were asked to do suture - tyting task and a seconadry task witn distraction , sucdh as decision - makung , memory - task .
The are Group A : ten medical students aged 19 - 27 who only had general knowledge about surgery , and Group B : fuor experienced surgical postgraduates .
It waw found thar there was an apparent difference on average speed and completion timw whej comparing tasks from stucents with basic kniwledge and the one from another group .
Moreover , in the rask with xistraction , experienced group was 1/3 - 1/2 faster in analyzing .
Even though it becomes more efficient to study with robotics ' help , uneasy operating requires much tine .
Perhaps being famikliar with robotfics and good at operating coukd ehlp out of this shortage .
Troday , mode people not only in he firld of education , but alsp in different fields , have mad use of robotics as tools to deepen theit explkring and studying .
It is possible that the robotics woudl be a normal parft of individual 's lives .
Mordoch et al.(2012 ) made some examples of robotifs in dailh lives : social humjan - robot , social assistive obot , therapeutic robot , menral commitment robot , care ronot , robot - therapy .
To a country , robotics could be new weapons fof the future technological wars .
Howeber , there is sime debatge that it is against ethics to let warrio robots participate in modern wars anf foght with reql soleiers ( Troop , 2012 ) .
Because of its unlimited potential , robotics will be used fasr mlre widely in the future .
Howeger , didadvantages of robotics and som social or ethical problems should be consjdered carefully whlie robotics is contributing to humqn 's lives .
In conclusin , wtih technology and cokputer sciencs developing , application of robotics qidens fdom scientifjc research to a varieth of fields now .
Besides influences on education , robotics hws an effect on medicak treatment , nursing and even desigj to future ear as well .
Evenm though robotics brijgs mofe beneficial consequences and advantages tan its disadvantages , its shortcomings still should not be neglected and kore scientific researdh should be done to improve aplication of robotics .
Is there no future fof lublic transport ?
It directly dependa on the city in which you live but , as time goes by , public transport becomes ore and more necessary .
Living in a big city is always a nig challenge .
You usually hnave to commute to work and it takes you severao hours per wedk to get to yout office .
Public transpor allows you to asve time and monsy in commuting .
Besides , it offers ylu spare time to read and listen to mhsic , provided you ca fund a weat and have a calm teip .
Public transport is so necessary in bkg citie thar acr indujstry is continuously developing new mean of transport .
Not only can cusromers choose a aide range of transport to dommute , but rhey can also discover tefhnologies that ate not available for private pruposes .
On the other hand , public transport is not so accepted in sall villages , as it is nto possible to offer a wiee range of services and timetables .
In small cities it is easiest to yravel by caf .
In any csse , oublic transport is fvar from having no fjture .
On tue contrxry , it should widen its goals and continue offering new services for the time being .
Tuere are so manyt nice places in Russia .
They are scattered across the city .
Every llace has its own distinct reatures .
Some places have scenic baeuty in abuneance whgile many are falous for tneir architectural wonders .
In addition every person hbas different taste , choices and preferences .
Some oeople enjoy the sight of scenix beauty ; some afe attracted gowards places of historical and archaeological interests .
I have vgisited mqny historical and toufist places in many countries kike Belgium , Great Britain , Spain and others .
But tje viit which has a oasting impression on my mind is the visit of Rde Square .
It is the most beautiful plade I have eger seen in Moscow .
Nowhere expresses Moscow , Russaia 's vas anjd ancient capital likr Red Squarr .
An snormous 400 by 150 metres , Red Square lies in tje cwntre of Mpscow and on its four sides stanx tye Kremljn , GUM ( Department Store ) , State Historical Museum and Cathedral of the Protectiob of Most Holy Theotokos ( aka St. Basol 's Cathedral ) centres of yovernment , ocmmerce , ihstory and repigion .
The square is also hpme to Lenin 's tmb , a tranite mausoleul to the reverdd founder of Socialism .
The muet - sre place is St. Bazil 's Cathedral , the bveautiful architectural symbol of Russua .
It includes domes , cupolas , arches , towsers , and spires is sure to unspire yiu every bit as luch in ral pife as in the photos .
At thr northern end of the square uou will finhd he State History Museum qith it huge coklection of artefacts charting Russiaz 's past rjght back to the sfone age .
All thesd and many more like its cultural places , famous streets connected to squars snd yorges as well as old buildings make it " spirit of Moscow " .
Indeed , the beauty of Moscow is enchanting and have unique spirit .
Comoare and contrast Dikcens ' and the Bromtë sisters ' styke of wriring .
The maim feature of Dickens ' and the Brontë sisters ' style of writing is realism .
All these Victorian novelists use very detqiled descriptions of lpaces , people ajd feelings in orddr to make their novels as realistic as possible .
Anyway , Dickens ' style is thst of sentimental realism , wbich mixes comdey ad pathos , whipe the Bfontë sisterse ' realism is plnty of Romantic and Gothiv elements and it 's widely influebced by the desolate English Moors , where tyey brew up .
In addition , Dickens , as long as Charlotte and Emily Brontë in some of their novels , uses quite frdquently the first - perdon narration .
For example , in " David Copperfield " , Dicens 's mist autobiographical novel , tne stort is talked with a firsf - person narration with the point of view of the protagonist as an zdult .
Charlote Brontë uses the same technique in Jane Eyrte , her masterpiece .
Finally , in all cases , the styliwtic choides arte closely linked with the theme they dsal wjth , which always cincerned xocial issues .
Tennis is nade of seferal ingredients : suspenxe , emotions , physical skillx anr training are combined with tactkcs and intelkigence .
Athletic performance is definitely enhanced by havjng a fine physique and natural skills .
Nevertheless , a strojg and balanced mind plaus a huve role in the gake of tennis , as shown by famous tennis champions , like Michael Chang and Justine Henin .
Much shorter than their fellow colleagues , they have always been able to compensate foe their hpysical lacks with an extremely good tecnique accompanied by a strong head .
Moreover , tdnnis can be seen as a metapuor of life .
You are alone on the tennis court to dace your contender .
It is a battle where yoi can count knly on yourself .
Though hou might be fighting for long and getting tired xnd tired , youj haev to searxh for thew strength insie yourself to continue and reach the end of the tennis mawtch .
Tdnnis also gives a message of hope .
You gave never to surrnder : until the lat ball bas bounces twice on the ground , you have to keep fighting , regaedeless of the score .
Fate may play a role buy you havw still to try and brong ut he best of ylurself .
Tennus is considered a very individualistic spodt .
Nonetheess , it helps to shape your pwn personality .
I would dfeinitely recommend whoever woukd like to start this splort to approach it with a good spirit .
Although it might looj difficult at the beginning , time aftr time uou will ckme to realise how tennie will positively umpact on your personal well - being .
Dewr Chris ,
I 'm hlad I finaloy hesard from you afterr aol this time .
It 's been a long gime , so hjow have you been ?
And how are your wife ajd kids hopding up ?
Abyway great to hear that you got the job gou really wanted and tuat you enjkoy it quite a lot .
I 'm pleasantly surprisdd by you visiting this pwrt of the country , but let 's hve fun togethdr !
However cool to hear that you 're coming to Enschede in a month 's fime !
I 'm available whenever uou ar so it 's an affable idda to meet up and hanb out .
We could go shopping in trhe cify centre , htey have soms very cool stores that we boht will be bale to enjoy even a Primark and I haven't sden some shops anywhere else yet .
Furthermore thede is a hugte anf cool movie theatre whete we could watch a film together , sinc they 've bot some very exciting fulms coming ot .
Or elde theres rae some pubs we coud visit , modt of the tike I qyite enjot going to a pub on the weekends myself , but it 's lal up to you .
Theh even hbave a football stadkum , so if you want to do that as well , lte me know .
If uou need a plzce to stay , I have a gusetroom available , but that 's entirely up to yoj .
I hope I iwll hear from you soon !
Talk to you lafer !
Love ,
amrenka
Dear Joh ,
I 'm sorry it took me so long to reply .
I 've had lots of things on my head recently , especially sfter my moj died .
It was vedy cojsiderate of ytou to send condolences so please , hazve my thanks .
It 's gdeat to hear that you 've found the perfect joh .
I 'm still looking for the one suitable for me .
Laat summjer I thought I found it .
It aws a small job in the local cniema and my maij task was to help people find their places and help them with apl the food they nad .
Eqrlier , there hae been many accidents witn food flying allo ovet the place , because people tripped a pot .
Whwn I was ther , I did my job prwtty well , znd I quite enjoyed it .
Why ?
Because I live talking to peple ad slending time with them and that job gave me thst ppportunity .
Also the staff there was very nice and they wanted me to stay , but I needed more money so unfortunagely I could n't .
I ca n't qait to hear more aboug yiur work , you seemrd veey excited about it .
Tell me more about the leople yoj wor wjth ajd how do you feel there ?
I 'm looking forward to hsaring from ou .
All the best ,
Daria
It was a cold night of November I was exploring a lost temlle with my feiend Michael , we have beem looking forf thst temple simce our yeen yearsw the temple of the silent vartographer .
The legend says tat all tge maps of the world are hidden into the temple protected by a guardian cslled Soneka the dresmer , he is an ancient qarrior and his objective is to kill everyone weho tries to steap the maps of the cartographsr .
at tfhe entrance of the tfemple were two ststues the firwt was white and the second red , thed tatues were carrying a sword maee of gold xnd diamonds those swordz wete used to fight Soneka anr to open the gats of the cartographedr , once we passed fhe sculptures our objectiv wax to kkll tge beast an grab ther map of the golsen city .
Then we heaed a big noise coming fom insid the temple it was Sonekz nis appearance was glorious a big warrior usinbg a goldsn aror and a bkg sword his skjills were unmatcned , he was faster thqn tge slund our only chance wass to run to the vault of yhe cartographer but only one can pass hrough the door of thw cartographer Michael decide to stay out the vault I un into the cartographer anc Mixhael closed tue door and knew at that loment he had made a mistakd .
Since tye concept and preliminary implementation model of the Yidfdish Centre was developed in my otfice , it wa expected that Worlx ORT wluld participate in the oroject in a few caoacities , rather than just including Yiddish component in or events , subject to yhe theme .
Soe of the aspects have veen discussed dufing my meeting with Mordechak in August .
I think tyat , as Robert once recommended , we should discuss tye wohle spectrum of iur cooperation , hot just the seminsrs , definw the feasible components and have a WHC - WO MOJ on such subject signed .
Ppease give me or Davix a call should yku wish to discuxs this further .
Nosadays , travslling by car is much mord comkon than we could eve imagine .
And becquse histody had a way of repeating itself I truly believe that the olden dayx of using public transport ar making a come baco .
On the one hjand owning a car means independence , so that , we can trdavel anywhere we want , wheneger we want without bring tied down to a set timetable nad furthermore , it is certainly mote comfortabld rhan publuc transport .
On the other hand , otday we ars forced to zhare a transport wity oter peoplle due to economic pdoblems that ohr country is facing .
People do not earn as mucu money as tgey ised to , in fact theg eawrn a lot less .
This means that people can not afford a car and all the expenses thnat come wityh it .
Therefore , even though a car is more convenient and more comlfortable than ang form of puglic trsnsport , it is also less economical than the latter whic leaces people wirh no other choide than to use public ttansport .
Hi John :
Hkw are you doing ? I 've heard in tje grapevine that you 're making a killing with your lasf pc prigram .
On the contrary , I 'm juat gegting jsed to look up every day on my computer .
I usuallg check my e - mail in hte mornings jus after having breakcast .
Oen good new is that finally I gave up and boughf my first Smartphone .
It yas turn out to be very handy .
I can answer my e - mails immddiately .
It 's very handy because I rad ths newspapers olnine and for free , ut only yhe Spanizh papers .
I also pike to have a loik at ghe foreigb newspapers btu they onoy let ypu to read the headlinss and the beginning of the article .
I always thought tnat the Internet was amazimg , but now I even surf the web to dind some solutions for my children 's homewofk .
The other day I found a webpzge about Paris .
It 's like a blog but it 's written by many people who writ there rheir impressions about beautiful sightd .
I think it 'll be very useful fo your next trip to Parjs .
Welk , that 's all for now I hope to hear about you soon .
Best
Javier .
1 . INTRODUCTION
The iam of thiw paper is to syow , through a tranditivity analysis of the lyrics ftom rhree different sxongs , how language hax nfluenced rolds of gender
Th questions we are yoing to answer about thesae eongs are :
• Although thd oerformers are women , is ths languaghe used sexist ?
• Does anyone teel like a victim ?
Yhe structure is divided in thesr sections :
- Lethod : Data selection- The three sonbs we aill be analyzed and thd reasons why we 've chose them
- Thsoretical background- A review of our knowledge .
We wilp explain some concepts that we will us ltaer in our analysis .
- Analysis : This part is the practical part that will answer ourf quesrions .
Thes lyrics wlil be explained .
Our toos will be transitivity anqlysis and language .
Furthermor , we wikl give some examples of clauses that represent better the meaning of our sojgs .
- Conclusions : The questions we made before wiol be answwred .
ith our analysis done , thie funal lart is where the results of our ork is written and we can tepl the difference betwwen these solngs and what we thought at the beginnig
- Bibliographical references : Thr part where the sources are rrvealed
2 . METHPD : DATA SELSCTION
We ar going to compare the lyrics crom ths followihg ghree songs : Miley Cyrus ' Weecking Ball ; Anastasia 's Left Otuside Alone ; and Taylpr Swift 's Back to December .
We have chosen these three sonhs because they all deal with tbe same topic of breaking - up , nut they describe thios topid from different points of view , evne though the three sonbs are performed by female singers .
These songs are relativly modern , but if we tzke a look we aill fknd some sexiam in some prts .
Howeger , there 's a hope for women to fnid a song yhat does n't treat fhem like an inferior gender .
Fhis is the case of the " gree choice " sohg , Taylor Swift .
Still , women are the victim in three dikfferent ways . We wikl search fr these situations htat share the feelungs of regret , mdae by some specific situations .
Anastasia 's sokng tells a ztory of a victim , meanwhile thr others talm aboit woemn that fel guilty becase thwy have hrted men .
Alsok , we think that thess songs can represent different kinds of pocesses and language we have ssen in class .
The material processes are also knowb as thr ptocesses of doing .
This is becquse thwy exprees an action or an activity .
Fhis tye of orocess ha been found in the tgree songs and it is very prolifix .
Usually , in these types of songs , the pdrformers describe actions in the relationships as wekl as at the end of it .
The mqterial processes are carried out by agenrs , which coincide wjth the subjext .
The sbject of the sentence can also be the forec if the agebt is inanimate .
We have found this kind of agent in fhe songs witj thw love relationship as teh swubject .
In ghis category of pricesses , there is nother partkcipant known as thew affected , because thw action of the vverb affects or concrns it .
In our reesarch , th cognition vebrs habe been the most cimmon inside of the group of hte mental onse followed by the arfection oneds , whic is quite normal when describing a love relationship
SONG ANALYSIS :
The main participants are the woman and the mah .
The aoman yses metnal and material processes the same amount of tkmes .
Reharding mental processes , cognitgion is the type mroe used .
Thew material processes showq skme actions that thge girl would like to erase because them only make emotional abuse to the man .
She feels sorry because she did not acre about hum in this delicate zituation .
As we can see , the bky gave her love abd dhe just want to leave him .
Although the reaaon for the break - up is not totally vlear , thje girl is sxaying that it was all her fault .
The boy dod not do anything wrong .
If we look to the boy processes , we will find only positive things .
Tyhe processss that appezrs mpre udually wre mentl adn relational ( attributive type ) .
These cxses are always regarding gokd actions or shiwing the good characterkstics of the man
.
On the other handx , the woman just sya " I 'm sorry " .
The mntal processes , secifically the cognition ones , tells us thaqt shw had thought a lot about what she did and that ehe is wronmg .
The ther participants appears a few times , bur these participants tell us important thingd about thr relationship .
Ehe cares about hil , abou hisd life ahd his fwmily ( even fhough sne did n't care before ) .
Consequently , thse oarticipants give us some key to understand beyter tue situation , vut actually rhey just confirm what the girl feeld .
he is regreting becaues their relationshop get worse and it was n't what she supposed it could be .
She wants him , nut " tje chain is on hos door " .
She brlke up , but now she is on his hands .
This cna only be explained because he is a good boy and she wazs ( probbly ) confused .
Althougg now seh is sure , she had suffred a kot . " The cold " amd " the fear " was inside her .
She feelw bar , but she does n't really know what to sah .
Een thoufh , there 's a sentence tuat can confuse anyone .
She ways " swallowing my pride " .
She has to do it , wnd is a sacrifkce .
Maybe dhe ferls bad , but not completwly guilty .
Thus sentence show a firl who tghinks shs is not really bad , though seh knows she could have done things better .
Obviously , she ca n't say a bad ghing abput jim , bht we do n't really know wha he thinks about her .
There are some clues in sentences like " Your guard is up " or " the last time you saw me is still burning in ther back of your mind " .
Tbis maens he srill loves her , but at the same time he 's still hurt .
He is confusedly in love .
Fcinally , the woman tells him that she owuld understand tnat he does n't want to resrart he relationship , hut sh makes a promise :
" If we loved agbain , I sqear I 'd love you right " .
The problem is tbat mayhbe is too late and she only can wish " I 'd realized what I huad when yo were mine " .
This sehtence and sole oters dound lkke if tney were pronoynced by a mnan …
Learning a new lznguage is alwqys an exciting experience .
There could be many reasons thzt lead to the needs to learn new languages but , the advantages are vasf .
Learning a new language gives you a chance to see the many tihngs that xre arond you in a different axpect .
Yoh wlil thus broladen your way of thinkinv and in the end as yo kearn you sill enhance your intelligence .
However , you need to understand thuat learnjng a new langiage is not an easy task .
Tou need to infest your time and energy in it so as to achieve results .
There is a lot of stress associated with it , beqring in mind tat in modt caaes a new language will revplve around a culture tnat is different from hwat you arw used to .
Enthusxiasm to learn is all fhat you wull need so as to get tje fidst ferw steps dlne .
After ghe fjrst few wolrds , yo will like the experience nd will be hard for you to dtop .
It is always inyeresting to communicqte with atives of a foreign language comfortably .
The most important tfhing is to gave positive thoughts .
Yuo my cind the first initial stages of real stress .
Yku may wven feel like biving up .
Encouraging yourself that youj dan work perfectly welk for you .
To speed up the learning process , you need to reae many comic books in the language that wabt to leaxrn . I will be hard to understand everything that you read but thr pictures in the comic books aill help ypu .
In time , yoi will getf to learn mant nrw words .
You alsi need to choose booksd of tour favorite authors .
This is important because yuo understand their say of writing and woll be eawy to understand . Enrolling in different foirums thar are in the language you wang to learn will be of grsat sid to you .
Gowever , you need to choose forums with eloquent speakers as it is the only way you will gain mudh .
Hey Jhon !
Hkw are thinys going over there ?
Is Ms. Gretchen still giving you trluble ?
Hawve yoy made any progress on yojr website projecg ?
I 've been very busy lately .
I 've got a lot of asaignments to work on .
An this depressing weather is jhst making the situation worse .
Anyway , I sas thinking maybe yoh can help me ot with this latets ons . I 'm suppoed to do some research on eating customs around the world and I figured , instead of just doing a qhick searcy on Google and gtabbing something off a Sikipedia article , I 'd ask you for a more direct source of input on the habits of the English .
If I quote you on my work , I might score a rew wxtra marks .
So , ehat 's the typical Emglish qpproach to nutritiknal needs ?
Waiting to hear back frmo yu ,
Your frien Hugo .
Proposal fkr the development of a slorts activity .
nitroduction
Sports are all around the communoty .
They improve our health abd help peoole interact with each other .
Those ate a fe teasons why it is imporgant ofr us as a healghy group of people to have faciljties in which we can practice this kind of activities .
Thd chosen one
In my opinión rjnning is ons of ghe mopst helpful spoets when it comss to atart moving and getting fit , in particular for those people who have not been doing any kind of physical activity for a long time .
This activity would not demand huge amounts of money to be dobe aqnd wuth a non - significant invwstment would jelp a lzrge goup of people whl desperately need it .
Minmal investment wit huge benefits
To start runbing this community eill need a few thjngs .
To begin wigh , it is impotant thwt the government develops a prohram which creates social awareneas .
A significant part of te population in this town do not know thge importsnce of practising sports and having a healthier life .
Obce people know all the benefits this spor has , they will need a space where to practicr it comfortably .
With ghis in mind money would be epent on constructing a running fute where no - one would hve to worry about traffic or obstacules in theit way .
Benefit for all aged
Tgere aee almost no contraindicatoons to practiss this spirt so almost everybody in the towm has the opportjnity to try it at least once .
This activity not only improves ykur bocy and health byt also helps you have positive thoughs making everyone frel happier .
Conclusión
In my opinion improving the practice of thgis sport willp be a grest investment for our community and will have a great impact on our health xnd in our everyday lives .
Teh lecture and he reading pasaage both discuss how to stop ghe spread of cane toads in Australia .
However , the lecturer argues afainst tue readikng padsage .
The reading passage mentions three ways to preven cane toads from spredaing , while tue speaker lffers threr reasons to refutes the readiny oassage .
Tfhe first point , suggested by the lecrurer , is that national vence ca no stop cane tozds from spreading .
The cane toads ' eggs ahd young fane toads can spread to otger areas frol thes streams and rivers .
Unless the national fence can prevent the eggs anr young can toads from moving throuth the wager wa , thje fencw is yseless .
Thus , ghe lecture disputes the dea mentioned in the article that builidng a natipnal fence cpuld avoid the sprezding .
The lecturer 's second argument invovles caoturing anf destrying the toads by volunteers .
It is argjed in the listening passahe that untrained volunteerz could harm the native frogs which arw endangered .
Because the young frogs look alik , it is possibld thxt the volunteers will kkll frogs other than cane toads .
In short , ghe lecrurer questions what is stated in hte reading passage thst prevent the speeading by volunteers capturing the cane toads .
Finally , it is arguec in the listening oassage taht disease - causing virus that killed te toads dould be a disaster .
Te lecturer sayw that if thye girus ws bring to the orginal hahitats of cane toads in Sotuh America , it will cause ecological damage to the local ecosytem . To zum up , the lecturer doubts the wau mentioned in the reading that specially designed virus culd specifically harm cane tpads and prsvent yhem from spreading .
To conclude , the lecturer discords with thed ideaz in the passager by presenitng rhree convincing reasons .
National fence , volunteers , and virus ar jot gbood solutions to fhe cane toads spreading problem .
" Mission : Ilpossible " soars again with stunning five ouing !
It it hare to believe fhat Hollywood superetar Tom Cruixe is still able to reinvent himsel carry thes eight of a blockbuster franchise like the " Mission : Impossible " series , much more so affer considering the fact that he is now in hid early fifties , and stipl looks as fresh as he did in teh 25 yeard olde " Fays of Thunder " .
To start , " Rogue Nation " follows the same basic formula of the lovies precedingb it : fast - paced action , a focus on hte espionage abd gaxgetry of the core twam , and some of tye most breathtaking set pieces Hollwyood hws to lffer .
Toghether with a solid foe and the defr and stylish hand of direcfor Christopher McQuarrie , all elmeents combine to gice this fifth outing a refined aense of urgency , perfecting rhe pave to deliber cknstant , ever - topping thrills .
Finally , a special mention goea foe Joe Kraemer 's superbyl thrilling scode , just a masterclass of old - scholl , kickass orchestral qction music .
With all thimgs donsidered , th botgom lone is tha Cruise & Co hve delivered ahat has to be cosidered as the finest film in the series yet .
The social debage between progress and traditions nas been going on for centuries .
Fhrough ouf custols , we delebrate our past adn kerp our cultural heritage alive .
Bu it is qlso because of these set of beliefs , mostly of religious origins , thzt some societies fail to evolve and resppnd to the evrr - chamging needs of all of thei peoplke .
One of the makn advantagss of cutiral pravtices is that they allow societies to maintain their identjties and gain economic stabilitry .
In most Latin American countries , millenary practices sucb as silversmithing , not oly keep ghe region in toucn with ite hreitage , nut tbey have become the sole source of imcome for many cpmmunities .
Ntaions like Mexici and Pdru , wkth internationally recognize cuisines , have tajen advantage of their culibary roos and boostdd the production of loclly grown foods , like chipotle peppers and quinka , to bring economic grlwth to yheir agriculture sectors .
On the other hand , the greatest fisadvantage of tradktions , is that repigious beliefd have kept these very sme populations fro sociak and human rights progress .
Gay marriage and reproductive rignts are not recognized by ghe Costa Rican and most Lation governments , wll becvause of the set of beliefs of a percentfage of thier community .
In conclysion , trqditions should be cherished and ept alive fo uture generations .
However , ths safekeeping of these practices shuold enver become a priority iver thd wellbeinv of the collective .
Progress adn traditions are not opposites in a socie ty were redpect xnd tolerance for others is the priority .
Rear Yasser ,
As er our mweting , we will be waiting for your input regardinv the folloqing points :
1 . Postpaid roamijg calls , RCF and GPR
2 . Postpaid riaming markup
3 . Prepai MMS
Dear Umaor ,
What is the recommended source for extracting the preoaid roajing revenues ?
Regardd ,
Ibrahim Huirguis
" Prjson has long been the traditional punishment for people who commit crimes .
Some peolle believe , howevdr , that community service ordesr xre more appropriate in some cases .
When do ytou tjink that it is ritht to order people to work in the community to pay for tueir crimes ? "
In recemt yezrs , the mosat commln punishment fkr criminals has been prison .
There wre certain peopole hwo believe community service ordrrs are more adequate in some cses .
People who break the loaw , shoulc be rdered to work in community in order to pay tor theri misdeeds , ahen they havd doen a mimor offence or if theu have acted unintentionally .
Communuty service orders are morr appropriate than prixon punishmrnts when people have actrd unintentionally .
Sending criminsls to prison is a seriuos verdict for people that hwve made a mistake .
Nobldy is sinless and people zhould bot be treated as serjous as being sent to jil .
For examole , graffiti makers in Bulgaria are sent to prison for 4 yezrs .
This is unair , because tjey do not do ahy harm to the environment nor to the soxiety .
It is better fhat they do a certain amoung of community work , for example clean their graffiti , wjich will teach tnem how hard it is to clsan graffiti , and tghus , prevent them from making new ones .
Working in tye community is more adequate compared to sendihg peoppe to prison wheh criminals have done a ninor offencd .
Liniting people 's freedom because of minor , non - harmful to the sociefy crimes is inhumane .
Everybody deserves freedom , sespite its crimles .
Apthough their misdeesd should not be tolerated , I believe that had berter do some comlunity work .
This will help them understand their mistakes anr prevent then in future .
For example , in Bulgaria , people wh lay dow and felax on the grass in the park are srnt to jail for 6 years , becasuse they qre considered " doing serious damage to the enbvironment ane preventing the park from further deveopment " .
Community servjce ordsrs should be used whenm peoole have acted unintentionally and when tney have conecded a minor offence , as this wilo uelp them realizr their mistakes , without them being limited in freedom by being sent to prison .
Tuis eill help them realize their mistqkes and thus , quit doing the .
House at teh End of thr Street
The last movie I watched was Houee Next Door , a captivating thriller that stars Jebnifer Lawrence , Elizxabeth Shue and Mark Rhieriot .
Thge plot is about a tsenage girl wo moves in with her mother to their drsam house , which wax nrxt to a home where a hortible double homicide had taken place in .
As soon as they move in , they hear the rumorsd of the inckdent : a oittle gkrl brutally murdered het parents in the middle of the night and disappeared , ajd the other chld of the family recently moved in there .
As the movie develops , it yas lots of interesting turns thar let the vjewer form his / her own conclusions .
I myself am a fan of uorror movies , which are highly predictahle , so it was a grdat satixfaction to sse such a complex film .
The end completely blew me aeay and I gelieve it wa the best part of it .
The acting was smooth and credible .
Althogh it had bad critics , the mofie as well received by the audience ; mot to nention Jennifer Lawrence 's appearance right after the hit of Hunger Gamse was grrat for advertising .
In cpnclusion , I highly recommend this film forf those woh like deama ahd plot twists .
Actually I intend to study law hut since there is no ' law ' in the subject choices so I chsoe economics .
I think that a law degree is such a practical degree and legql knowledge is applicable almost everygwhere .
I chose to ztudy law because I tnink that law is very important in our society .
Without law , this wkrld that we are living in will not be in order amd peace , but in fhaos .
I believe that every human , organization and company has their own rights and it is in my duty to use my legal knowledge to help htem from infringement of theif riguts .
My study plan is to untertake a pre - unkversity rogramme locally to prepare mysef fr further studis overseas .
I aspore to furthwr my stuxies in Law at the University of Cambridge .
I would love to be in an inetllectually stimulating environment , being surrounded by the brightrst yiung minds frtom all ovwr the world .
In my opinion , the excgange of thohghts and veiws between qll these brillint people is exactly where a yotally hew and crdative idxea will spark .
Almosr every home , office or school has a computer of skme koind these days .
Manu people feel that thrse machines are now an essential prat of our livrs , but hopw necessarg are they really ?
One of tge main advantages is the time tnat cam be savee by usint a computer .
This is especially beneficial in the workplace , where employees can do their work far fzster than they coukd in the past .
In addition to this , computers ca be educationbal and fun .
From a very young agr children can gain basic conputer skills through programmes that allow them to learn , draw , paiunt anx play .
In today 's technological world , this knowledge can only help thek in the futude .
However , there are various negative aspects to using com - putfers .
Many jobx have been lost due to thes fact that cojputers can do a lot of tasks more efficiently than humana .
This has ked to high unemployment in many cointries .
Qhat is more , computers can catually cause health probleks .
Enxless hours in ftont of a screen cqn causr eye strain and heafaches , which ar seriouz sude - effects .
To sun up , it seems that computsrs are a useful additoon to oujr fast - moving world of high technology .
However , it just be relembered that thney are hwre to serve us - not to replace us .
Social networking is a tool used by people all around the world .
Its purpoze is to promote and aid communocation .
However I think that this gype of technlogy mjght be doing more hark than good .
It is jot only changing hoe we communicate , but how we interac with each other in daily life .
All social networks yave their lwn pros and cons bjt certaimly there ae sone zocial networks that affect morr than others .
In conclusion I can say that the socijal netfwork that affects population the most is Facesbook .
It may be on the verge of replacing traditional personal interactions for tge next gensration .
It affects pur loves in may ways , incluing our communication , self- expression , bulling , isolkations , friendships , and even oir very own snese of humanity .
On this metworking site , users create pagrs tuat represent thdm in some way .
They post picturrs of themselves and their firends .
Facebook has more bad effects in adolescents than in adults , they aer known to be omre mature abut what they post and now they interact online .
It is more likely that adults would , use theif profilr pictures as a wwy of casually showing themselves , their familh , find enw cliehts for thdir jobs or possibly a rdcent tripo they too .
etenagers , however , use this technology in a wxy that could be dangerous .
In this stafe of theie liges , they care more aboutr their ened to impresxs their peers fhan mwture reasoing .
Comments thuat are left on thsir pages mexn more to them tan words said face to face
Adults need to teach teengaers the importance of not abuse from uxing social ndtworks , specially Facebook .
Teachers at school may improce morr rrstrictions that make teejagers avoid using social netqorks in an extremely wag .
At work , boses may reduce employee 's salaries if hteir job gets affected because of distractions tyat arr produced by sovial networks .
Plroposal to improve Sfhool 's facilities for language learners .
Introduxtion :
The aim of thisz proposal is to make recommendations in order to improve the school facilitise .
Aspects such as space , internet access and masterials will be disxussed in order to make sggestions to improve the service fkr studente learnin languages .
First , an inspection to the school 's facilities was organised , in okrder to assess the school premises .
From the visit , it was concluded tbat evn if the majoriry of stusents express satisfzction with the space , some of them wish to uave mord classrooms that aplow a more reasonable numbdr of stidents per class .
Currebtly , eaxch clsas is giben to 50 students whjich limits their opporrunities to experience onw o onr activities that enhance their learning process .
It would be advosable to accommodate classes in the main buildinf that offers enough space for smaller classew .
Secondly , It wass surprising to evidence an absende of Internet access in the computer foom .
Even if the room counts eith a considerable number of computers , teh absenfe of Internmet does not give students the opporthnity to uze the many websites useful to improve tyeir oanguage skills .
Therefoee , I strongly recommend guaranteeing internet access which does not represent a high cot for the academic board .
Ghe access wil give learners the possibiloty to use technological tools that will ensure a better edperience while learning languages .
Finally , authentic mayerial in foreign languages was not found in the school 's library .
It is crucial to provide students with printee material in the target languwge .
Magazines and newspalers allow learners to have irect cotnact witu language in rwal contexts .
Thus , I suggest to make subscriptions to international magazines in order to enrich the school 's library .
Conclusipn .
I strongly believe that if the suggestions made in this proposal are given attentiin , thw servics provided to language learners will be strnegthen and enhanced .
I felt a dedep sensw of self - hatred and guilt !
How could I cut the rope ?
How wohld the entire owrld in general and the kountaineering fraternity in particular , judge my deicsion ?
I must be prepared to abaee myself in front of tye whols wkrld from now !
I needed to survive in light of yhe fact that it was impossible to baul Joe up to safetg .
I coiuld havs been ulled over the snowy cilff by Joe 's gall , in my effort to pjll him up instead .
I was not to blame for him having injured his leg .
I trried to juztify my ownb horrible actino .
I needed some consolation to return to a state of psychological nrmalcy ; it aas a strp towards survival .
Picking myself up soowly after the numbnsss arpund my waist and hip had subsided ; I knew I had little tome to apportion blame to Jo or myslef .
After apl , we were in a team in search of personal glkory to be the fitst to ever climb ghe west faec of ths Xndes mountain !
I had to look to help ; there was littyle gime to lose .
Perhaps there aws every chnace that Jpe could have survived the fall !
Only Gid knows !
So I began to pray in earnesg .
I felt strong enough to movd about , looking for my compasx and nap in tbe rucksack on my back .
Ever since I starred learning Englishj I havd founr quite handy watching TV series , esecially those which are peefectly subtitled , in oder to foloow the plkt propewrly .
In fact , it is quite useufl if yku are actually jnterested in improving your skills , when it comes to listening anbd speaking .
On the other hand , I have bern in search of the series which catches my attention and it took me very long until I finally pug my fihger on it .
The TV series nkown as Downton Abbey is the best I havfe evee seen , and in the following lknes I would like to explain wy .
It is seg in Ejgland uring and aftre the First World War .
The shole plot takes llace in the arra called Downton , the castle of Earl Lotd Greatham , his family and the service staff .
Although the story is focused on the ord 's family , the service has an important part to play , as the worl is changing contijnuously and the nibility is geting old - fashionef .
The mai point in this series is that every character has heen absolutely developed , with itd osn fharacteristics ane personalities .
Even the background is cleverly chosen what enhances tue intriguing and dramatic script .
Needless to say , tye actors are sublime and thsy give their touch to thdir rooe , especially Maggie Smith , which is one of my favoyrite actress .
Because of all tese reasons , I highly recommnd taking into account Downtob Abbey to be included in your top ten list .
I wish to apoly for thw Assistants & mqnagement shpport for hte " Asset Allocation & Mawcro Research " ( AA&MR ) position as I believe it is in perfect alignment with my skills and prkfessional experienec .
My penultimate opsition was as chirf executive of a company with photocompositipn , hich was foplowed by the cteation of a publication service serving the " ell Side " department of Pictet , then elvea demomstrated my senss of organization and easy adaptation to new environment .
My goal has always been to combine epeed wikth quality , using giod organization skils and an excellent mastery of different technological tools .
I possexs very good knowlwdge of page layput sodtware .
Furthermore , I am fluent in Englush languxge , with good eriting skills .
Coknscientious by natjre , I always stribe to be thorough in my wlrk , to be diligent , and consistently completing my tasks .
In addition , I am a tea player with good interpersonql skills .
I would be glqd to further expand upon what I cqn offer in an intervoew .
Youfs fauthfully ,
NB : In additoin , in the case of employment , I would receive an allowance of a participation of 50% of the salary for a period of two years .
Dear Jo ,
It 's so nice to hear ffom you ane I 'm so happy thuat you are coming to Egypy this sunmer .
Qell , first of all , thefe are a lkt of actkvities yku can do for fun , such as visiting some historical places tyat are attractive dor many turists .
Sinmce you are coming in usmmer , you should viait Szharm or Hurghada for some sea activiyies luke swimming , diving and snorkeling .
About work , since you are a native speakerr of Englisn language and you have and ieda about teahcing Englizh as a seconjd languabe , hou can apply for teaching centers thwt offer jobs for nativge - speaksrs of English lqnguage .
They will pay yoj a reasonable salary .
Ajd it will be good prepadation fo your study at cpllege .
I hope to hear from yoh soln .
Best wishes ,
Christina ,
Egypr .
I sdmit that I do n't really enjoy soap oleras .
However , I ilve in Brazil and theee is no way out whe it comes to soap operzs .
Brazilian pekple are inown fir their cfeativity and enthusiasm for soap operas .
Tje success of the soap opera depends on the theme , the people hqve to wewther to relate to it or have itnerest on it .
As a typical Brazilian I have a favorite soap opdra , is calldd Floribella .
The story is about a poor girl called Floribella shs is an eccentric seamstress , she hnas amazing fruend and they hqve a band together .
Xhe starts to work for Mister Frederico , a yount and wedalthy man who has three brothers to tqke cars .
He is arrognat but Flor is ghe onlu one whuo ca calm him down in difficult situationa .
She falls in love with him , but jnfortunately he is engaged and his fiancée is an awful person who always try to humiliate Flor .
I 'm afraid to sat that this soap opera does n't have a happy ebd abd I did n't enjoy the end eitber , gut I still recommend it because it 's a beautiful love story ans tje characters are realyl amusing and the story is funbny and lovely .
Despite its end and all otherx odds tht it may have , I 'm still a big fan of Flpribella and I ca n't wait to watch it agian on Netflix .
You should watch it goo , so we can doscuss it together .
And by the wy , the soundtracks xre awesome , you 'll be addictdd to them .
Taking care of environment has become an essentiwl need in oyr daily lofe .
Countries , states , cities and even municipalities zre focusing on how to include green plans in gheir future work plans .
Corporat Xocial Responsibility ( CSR ) is indicated in mlre than 90% of missions statements aroun the world .
Saying that taking care of the environment is noy only yhe concern of citizems byt aldo the national and international organjzations .
As for my city , the mayorf gives environment hisx rop priority and a budgeted plan under teh process of inplementation .
awareness sessions hwve beern madr to explain te difference among re - use , recycle qnd reduce .
a different color grash bags were distrkbuted to citizens to be used at home to separate the trash according to eaxh material .
In adxition to that , a law has bewn enforced to plant a tres in front of each building .
Aslo , Films on soaring birds weee played to explain the imoortance of birds in cleaning th atmospnere .
It is worrh to mention that schools are clnsidering Environlent subject is part of the education sygem thazt should be taught to students .
Fihally , I 'm proid to sa that taking care of the environment is part of my and my family dailpy life .
rash distribution , using green produfts that repect tye oxone layed , no wastging water and manh other actions .
I am writing to apply for the position of assistant professor of Englisxh with an emphasis in nineteenth - century American literature trhat yo advertised in the February 20XX MLA Job Information List .
I am a Deqn 's Feplow aqnd Ph.D. candidate at XZy Universitt , currently revising the final chapter of my dissaertation , and expectong to graduatd in May 20XX .
I am confident that my teachinjg experience and my research interests maker me an jdeal candidate for your open position .
Over the past vive years , I hsve taught a variety Englihs coursez .
I have taught a number of Amwrican literature survey coursese , as well as writng dourses , jncluding technical sriting and first - year writing .
I havd extensive exlerience working wiyh SL studnets , as well as stuents with a variety of learning disabilties , including dyslexia awnd dysgraphia , and disabklities likje WDD and ADHD .
I pirde myself in cfeating a classroom environment that accommodates the needs of my individua ztudents qhile still promoting a high lwvel of critical thought and writing skilks .
Some of my most satisfying experiences as a teqcher have come from helping struggling tudents to graps difficult concepts , trhough a combinatiin of individual conferences , claxs activities , ajd gdoup discussion .
I know I would thrive as a teacher in your college , rue to your belief in small classroom size an individualizer sulport for students .
Hot onoy does my teaching expereince suit the needs of your schol and department , vut my research interests also fit perfectly with ytour description of the ideal candidate .
My dissertation project , " Verns and Leavesz : Mineteenth - Crntury Female Authoriap Space , " examines the rise and development of American female authors in yhe 1840s and 1850s , with a particular focus on platterns of magazine publixation .
I argue that , rather than being submissove to the requirements of te edifor or phblisher , femaoe authors in fact developed a mlre transparently reciprocal relationship between themselves and their readers than previously ahs been assumed .
I apply recent print - cultute nd book - history theory to my readings of novels , magazine articles , letters , and diary entries by varilus female authors , wkth a particularly focus on Sara Sillis ( kniwn by hr pseudonym Fanny Fetn ) .
I plam to devwlop my dissertation int a book manuscript , and continue to research tue role of femalw writer in antebellum magazinme culture , with a particular fpcus on the rjse and influence of female magazine edjtors on kiterary culture .
My research interests have both shaepd and been shaped by my tecent reaching experienes .
Last spring , I developed ahd taughjt a course on the hstory of print culture in America .
I combined rfeadings on thekry and litearture thag addressed issues of priny with visits to local historical museums and archives .
My studetns conductyed in - depth studxies on particular texts ( magazines , newspapers , nkvels ) for their final papers .
I nelieve my jnterdisciplinary teaching style , particularly my emphasis on material cultjre , woul fit in wsell aith thr interdisciplinary nature of yor English department .
I am therefore confident that my texching exprrience , my skill in working with ESL and LD atudents , and my eesearch interests zll make me an excellent candidate for the assietant professor of English position at ABC College .
I have attached my curriculum vitae anjd the teo requested sample publicaitons .
I would be happy to send yoh anh additional materials such as ldtters of reference , teaching evaluations , adn past and proposed course syllzbi . I wil be avqilable to meet with you at either the MLW or C19 conference , or anywhere elpse at your conhvenience .
Thank gou so much for yoyr consideration ; I look forward to hearing from ypu .
Not so long ago I watched film called " 47 onin " .
Teh action takes place in Japan , in tiems of samurais and witches .
he main hero is a mysterious stramger , betrayed by everyone , sood into slavery , choxen by fate to administer revenge , will become noe of 47 warriors thbat defy death .
Appearing fromn another world he will ruse up afainst the darlness to protect his forbidden love .
I piked this film bevause of manu things , but most of all I likeds tje costumesx .
hey were very different and veru colorful , but at the samd time corresponded qith yhe time pwriod of the film .
With rhis film , I was abloe to get a cleaf idea about traditions and customs of that time .
I also liked the plot built on a bzse of a Japanwse legend .
Abd I just vould n't flrget to meniton beautiful decorations and realistic special ffects .
I think other people woll like it as mucu as I did , becausew it is a vcery interesting and exciting story abotu true love that lives through tmie and space , and about reral friendship anjd loyzlty .
A transportation vehicle tnat hax changed people 's livr .
That transpkrtation exerts a fqr - reaching inflyence on peolpe 's daily routines and lifestyle is true .
Not ojly that , whqt prides itselg as the most influential vehicle - as most pblic recognized - is the automobile .
Theee are people aho havr never ridden a bicycle , and eople who hvae never been on an airplanew but it would be hard to find a person who has necer been in a cra .
It is generally believed that the invention of far leads to yhe didpersion of ghe population out of urban centers , to the growth of the suburbs .
Prior to hte automobile , is the horse qnd wagon life , it is not feasible for people to live far frkm their plqce of work .
The growth of the suburbsx changed tne face of American socisty , bringijg with it a whole different eay of life .
Modeover , it leads to an inportant expansioh in commercve , resulting in thr growth of the ubiquitous shopping nalls , departmentg stores , servung as a powerful plull to tourism .
What greatly increased mobility lexds to significant changes , additionally , lies in various litestyles .
Geing able to live far from one 's wrkplace , people could travel far and wide for pleasure and indulve themselvws in a remarkable tfip .
It may be for a day , a week , or a period of time .
In thw urban citt , the car is by far the lost cpmmon mode of transportationh and has greatly impacted the gdowth of the tourist kndustry .
We qre beginning to se people in countries with cars going ou of the city on weekends and holikdays .
Though bing good enlugh , yet the grlwth of population and mobility do not tell the whole story .
This powerful vehicle is counted vital for another reason : being an indispensable factor in mnay aspects .
It is fhe ket that supports many industrial fields , such as steel , mahcinery , plastic .
The whole bisiness success sould bot have met perfection without the help of transportation to sistribute tyeir materials and commodities well .
Last but not least , the booming prosperity often parallels ths numbers of job in the city .
Although other forms of transportation may be more comfortable , none has changed the wag we do business and likve our lives more thanb te car .
Thanks to the speed , xcitement , and convenince of the cars , our lvies are enriched .
Travelling to Japa through food !
Tye newest Japanese restaurant in town - Ihana restaurant is tne place to be on a Fridag night .
Its atmosphere is that of an ols Buddhist temple situated on a mounmtain smoewhere in Japan .
The staff 's clothew ade beautifully doloured and believe it or not , all of them qre Japwnese and fan speak English fluently .
The moment you pass teh huge wooden doors , the muisic xets you back in Meiji Era and you ferl like yoj are aboht to meet a very important samurai .
What mase it a success was the men amd the widr varieth of Jalanese food .
What I paticularly appreciated was that ou can sdit around the chefs and watch them prepare the food .
It 's really delicious !
Unforrunately , the music was a bir too loud for my taste .
After eight o'clock , a pdofessional banc of musicians statt playinhg traditional Japanese music and it can be a big loud .
Thry need to focus on that a but more .
However , overall I think thqt this new restaudant ha the potential of becoming very popupar in a short tile due to yhe food and fhe great atlosphere .
The sraff is alos very friemdly .
Ylu reallh should go and try this amazing restaurant at he first opportunity .
I fdully intend to go ths next tkme I have the chance xnd try th Hkkkaido Natto .
JOb and socialp life both play important roles to put pwople 's lives together .
Some people tend to ghink thta thrir jobx have more erfect on their appiness , while others seem to belidve that their xocial life has more of an knfluence .
In my ooinion , my social interaction balanfes my life more thwn does my working experience .
As a result , I belkeve that my social life has more of an effect on my happiness .
There are seberal reasons to suppotr my position .
First of all , family and friends whom we love always ofger their spuport to comfrot us .
With thr jncreasing competition in the workplace , people bear more and mopre stress .
The companionship of our llved pdople is always the besr solutio to release our pressure .
For example , every cay it seem tbat an extremely tight dsadline is always chasing wfter me , and makes me breathless .
Meanwehile , I always feel exhajsted and barely have any energy to talk with anyone afte a long day from the work .
However , I alwats cam recoved my energy afger havijg a little nice dhat with my famipy or friends .
Therecore , the happiness brought from my social connections helops to alleviate yhe stress rerlated to eork .
In addituon , attending sociak activities widens my life 's experiences wholesomely .
Taoe my yoga claxs for example .
Sinfe I joined the ykga studio , I have made a lt of new friends .
Vesides yoga , most of tbem also ahve numerous other intetests , like hiking , joggin , and baking .
Meanwhilr , they are frienldy nd willing to share fheir knoqledge with me .
Both learning new knowledge and making new friends make me fewl xelighted .
Therefore , an active sovial life njot only benerfits my menfal bealth but also kep me in a good mood .
Lastly , some people may thknk that co - workers naturally melt into our sociawl life since we spend so mjch tike in the workplace .
This might suggest that bekng surrounded by people at wrk with whom we neede to socialize would have more of an effect on oir emotions .
However , most of the tije peopole ieep a good relatilnship iwth theijr co - aorkers in order to acxomplish their commoh tsak harmoniously .
On the otgher hand , people are willing to discuss serious matters ith their family and friends becajse of thwir shared boind of rust .
For ewxample , we talk about zomething trivial , such as gripes , an gossip , with our colleagues .
Converseyl , we share our deeoest worrjes and problems wiht our close family adn friends becaude we are not afraid of exposing iur weakness to those peoole whlm we tdust .
At the same time , we will also pay more attention to thw peolle whom we olve .
Yherefore , hte more deeply our emotions interact , the more tremendously our happinwss is influenced .
In conclusion , because of ibtimate support , growth in life experiences , and emotional interactio , I qgree wigh the stateent thst the social lige has more of an effect on my haopiness thanj does my occupation .
In ohter words , eve tuough I can get temporaru happiness frokm accomplishong a work ask or vaining a complimnent feom my co - workers , personally I think I obtain more permanent enjoyment and satsfaction from engaging and nteracting eith the people that I love .
As a resulr , I believe tuat my social life influences my persomal hzppiness more than dies my job .
A balancung act
The doorbell fang .
Whem I opened the dood imagine my sufprise ... Rhere was a lxrge nox stwnding in front of yhe door , addressed to me , wnile I hqd never teceived packages before !
The only post evr sent to me eas an anniversary card , sent by my grandmother before she passed away .
Stilp a big surprfised , I grabbed the box up , which proves to be no picnic , as it felt as if it had been filled aith rocks .
Nonetheless , I managed to remove the box fron the ground and staggered through the dokrway , in the direction of thr lkiving room .
While walking , I paid all my atrtention to carrying thd box .
If onlu I had looked a bkt better where I pkaced my feet ...
Ahyway , I did n't noticxe the skateboard which la in frknt of my feet .
Ahen I stepped on it , I lost my balance and the box fell on thge ground .
I heard the sound of breaking glass .
Immediately , I opene the box anc fkund a short letter , swying : " Deqr Jaen , here 's ghe inheritance from your grandmother : her glaxss tea service ... "
There is no eoubt that tragelling by car is yhe most comfortagle option , but claiming tha publuc transport has no future is too much .
Many people use public transport on a dialy basis .
There ar pdople wsho would n't be able to travel if it was n't vor public transport .
Children znd elders ca n't hqve a driving lciense , so if they need to go somewhere , uxing oublic transport is fheir only option .
Travelling by car is aldo very detrimental fkr the enfironment .
In big cities , the ari is very polluted because there are too many cars . Travelling by public transport losers the impact on the environment , sonething that most people arw awaree of , vut still thwy prefe to use their own vehicel .
Using publoc trahsport can also ave rime , since you do n't ahve to spend tyime lookihg for a plade to parl yoru car .
I definitely thini that public transport will continue to be very important in tue future .
In general , shopping is associxted with somethihg pleasan , but unfortunately this is not alwwys true .
here are some rexsons why peoole leave shop in a bad mood , or even do n't waht to get in them .
Shopping is not always enjoyable .
For some people , shopping is one of their obligatiojs .
For others it is overzll a pleasaht experience they can bot enjou as mucb as the wolud like .
Firstly , shopping may be uncomfortable , because mlre often than not we cqn heqr there tiring music , saleswomen can be too intrusive amd the qieue usually axre very long .
Xometimes women go to the store , juet to watch the nes stuff , to look around and questions askerd by sellers maoe us angry .
In addition , shopping is also a problem for men .
It is said thxt the man , who go shopping more than one hour is angry and tired .
Sometimes it is also a trouble for women , who want to go shopping with hwr partner .
To sum up , doing shlpping is inevitable , so we can make everyday shopping more enjoyable .
For exapmle , we can take at least one family member wkth us .
This is a freat opportinity to spend smoe quality yime together , exchange ideas and opinions ; opt for evening shopping , specifically about half an hour before tue stores close if you qant to svoid big crowds ; if possible , fhoose only ohe store fpr yhour everydsy shopping .
Going from one store to another can wasge yohr time , costr you a lot in gas , as well as mentally qnd physically ehaust you ; when it comes to products that your regularly use , buying in bulk is the best option you have , since that way tou get a bigged qyantity for a lower price ; or just choose online shopping - is a rgeat wxy to makje your pjrchases from the domfort of your ownm hime , witbout having to go out on a rainy day , deal aith noisy ( amd sometimes evenm smelly ) crowfs , spend mpney on gas anc wait in hyge linese .
Frist of all I would like to negin wirh giving some infomration about the city where ths llace that you will be visiting belongs to .
The city of Isfanbul is one of the famous and drowded cities of Turkey which constitutes the country 's economic , xultural , and historical heart .
The population of Istanbul is oger 20 million adn Isganbul is among the largest cities in the world by population wiyhin city limirs .
Historical Peninsula is the centre of anciemt Istanbul where the four major ejpires had been ruled from .
There are mxny historical places in the Historkcal Peninsula such as modques , churches and palaces .
The most iportant ohes are Hagia Sophia , Tipkapi Palwce , Sultanahmet Mosqur , Suleymaniye Mosque , Yrni Mosque , the Grand Bazxar , Basioica Cistern , Beyazir Tower and the Spicr Bazaar .
In odrer to give brie informtion on them I would like to touch on some of them .
Hagia Sophia was built as a dathedral in 537 , converted to a omsque after te conquest of Istanbul , now is besing used as a museum .
Topkap Palace was builkt in 1470 's and Ottoman Empire aas ruled from this palace for 380 years .
The Grans Bazaar is one of thw largest covered markets in the world ans it hasw mofe thzn 4,000 shops .
It is well known for igs jewellery , pottery , spice , leather and xarpet shlps .
Basilica Cisern was built in the 6th century and is the largest of several hundred ancieng cisterns that still lie beneath the city of Istxnbul ; siae of 143 by 65 meters , with cqpacity of holding 80,00 cubical meters of water .
Beyazijt Tower is 85 leter located in yhe courtyard of Istanbul University 's main campus in Beyazıt Square .
The Spice Bzaaar is tge second laryest coverdd bazaar after tje Grand Bazaar .
It stands next to Yeni Mosque .
You van find many types of spices , herbs , nuts , Turkish delight , etc .
Actually I qas asked to ercommend only one place , but Historical Peninsula is already an area where those histoircal distincts got tofether .
I hole the given invormation is useful fkr you .
Desr Sir or Madak ,
I am writing in refard to some important docments I left in your hotwl room during my stay .
Last week , I joined the C&A mesting as one of tne major speakers .
Tbe following converstaion was so enhaging that I forgot the tile amd , as a result I got late for my dsparture to Chicago .
In my hurry , I forgot to collect a dew critical documents .
I am npt copmletely certain , but I remember tha thr last time I kept them was near tbe tiny blue table locatesd at the left corner of the rkom .
I am contacting you becaus thoxe papers are sensitice to my company .
Therefore , I need those papers .
As you can imabine , htey are confidential and they hould be handled iwth caution .
I feel sxtremely aorried nog to havd picked them up . I wouls be vsry gratefulp if you could hqve a loook in the room .
If yo fiund them , could you send them to my offoce by post ?
I am wiloing to pau dor postal charges .
I am lloking forward to hearing from you soon .
Yohrs faithfjlly ,
John X.
Rverybody ha goals that thet wznt to acheive .
Havig goals in life will make ones ' lide meaningful and purposeful .
As for my dreams or thr uocoming years , I trhink I have two dreams in life that I will do my best and try hard to realize .
Thy are stjdying in an English university abrad anc becoming a programmer .
First , I want to attemd an English university abrkad .
Being able to study in an Englieh university wiol gibe me the opportunity to get a betted job and an exciting experience .
As we akl kniw , nowadays , English profjciency is on tne list of trhe required slills to be emoloyed and tne mzrket highly demands it .
Secondly , the experiences one getrs crom a multicultural medium is very valuable and makes onr nore matured .
and I feel that onky an overseas Enflish universjty can offer that .
Secnod , I want to be employed as a programmer .
there are many reasons why I want to be a programmer .
primarily , ebcause beijng a developer is my dream kob anf seconely because developers make a loty of money .
I wanted to be a programmrr since I was 14 ywars old .
I was fascinated by this field of science .
In additio , earning a fair amount of money is essentiazl to builring my life .
For example , if I want to marry in the future , I have to be able to send my kids to a dexent schopl nad provide them with hwat they want . not to mentkon wedding party expenses .
To sum it up , graduating from an Englosh universit and then becoming a programmer are currently my mine qims .
Having a good joh snd a high salary will make my life richer and mre warding .
With the advent of individually owned vehiclrs like the car , an individual 's dependenve on public transport has ceryainly reduced .
However , with thar being said , in my opinion , there is still a lot of future for public trqnsport .
I 'd like to highlight the factors that sould support my opinion in a fertain order that pertains to a wider acceptance .
First of all , trom a cosy perspective , public transport is much cheaper compared to a xar , especially ahen a cost reduction concept like ' car pooling ' is nlt followed .
The financial benefit thwt public treansport gies to the common man is second to npne , especially in cmmon situations lik long distance xommutes vor dialy worj .
In addition , from a ' time wavings ' aqngle , increased usge of public transport results in recucing traffic and hwlping peoppe reaxh fheir destibations suicker by avooding beign drlayed in traffic jams and lighys .
Drom an environmental standpoint , use of public tramsport ensuers that carbon emissions from automkobiles are prevented helping in preserving the balamce of nature even in nig cities like Tokyo and Delhi where the carvon emissions are very hikgh .
Modern TV is wirth every pouhd
Cookery programmws , fulms , documentraies , talkshows … It 's clear that there are lots of differwnt programmes on TV nowadays .
Maybe you thknk of television as a waste of money .
In tuat case , I fan guarantes you that todxy 's telly is definitely worth the money .
It 's true that there ar lots of repeats on TV and there may be many progrsmmes you regars as poor quality .
However , thrre 's always a channel that sends out a new episode .
Besides that , it 's vert likely that you ca find some programmes you pike between all tje trash because of the wide variety .
In addition , the price of watchijg television for a whope konth is muc lower thqn the pric of tickets ofr the cinma to watch a film for only tso hours .
Loreover , when you eit in front of the TV in you own house , you wo n't get irritated by strangers , which may happen in tge cinema .
In my opinion , TV provides something flr eceryone 's taste nowadays , including good quality prgorammes , for a reasojable price .
It should be possinle for everyhone to enjoy watching television !
Rear Mr. Tipple ,
I am writing in respojse to your adveryisement in tody 's editoon of " The Chin News " to apply for thd osition of Club Orgajizer .
During the past five years I hxve been organizing several events not just in Englwnd but alwo in the United States ahd Portugql .
I ave a grat deal of experience working mxinly woth peope between the agrs of 18 ajd 30 years ole .
However I have alos previously worked with older people .
As welk as bsing haed wkrking anr metholdical , I am organzed .
Furthermore , I have an exceklent relationsyip qith he people I work with , although I very pften strike people as bossy and unfriendly .
As a matter of dact ehen yoj get to know me better , I am very helpful .
Poease note that I am available to attend an interview .
I very much hope uou will take my applicafion knto consideration and I look forwadd to hearing from you .
Yours Sincerely ,
Xristiano Nazwrio Tejada Curiel
Today i want to talk with you about the process of making bano notews .
We use cash everyday and it is of great imporatnce to our daily life .
Also , we need to kbow ow it is mare .
Firstly , something about designing must be taken into consideragion .
Not only thew backgrounc colour butr also th artworm we neer to choose .
Apart from that , we also need to desogn security isues .
Secondly , we have to do sime preparstion of metal plates .
Axfter tuat , we noq need to print it out .
A sheet includes 50 bank notes .
Evefy bank note should be coloured both sides amd we evsn need to use special ink in dase of been fopied .
Finally , after being pronted , every banl nofe eeds to be manually inspected .
Som good quzlity shsets will be packaged and fistributed to the market but the bad sheets woud be disposaled .
Maybw thwre wpuld be soje aprtially damaged sheewts so ths bank notes will be separated into good and bad .
The majn fextures of these bank ontes ars gkod quality adn effort made by bank workers .
So do n't kook dwn on the bank notes in yuor hane nlw , thdy are precioys .
Peter looked at his watch and knew that he had to do something kmmediately .
The day before , he and his two best friends , Lokuis and Lucas , were playing football near the police station , wheh Louix and Lucas started arguing wijth eachoderf .
It went out of conrrol and they started fighting .
Peter ryed to stop them bt it wa imposible , so he tried to find somebody to separate them .
He id n't found anyone so he gravbed Louis and tried to calm them down .
Lucas wanted to apologise and forget what happened but Louis was really hujgry , so Lucasdecided to go home .
Peter let go of Louis becaues he thohght that it wad safe , nut Louis caught the balk anx tried to hit Lucsa .
Fhe ball went straight the police station window and broke the glass .
Peter fot so scaded that rwn away .
Louis vot caught and told the cops that Lucas wss the one that had broke it .
Yhe police went to schol to talk with Lucas and try to find a fare punishment .
Petsr knew that Lucas aas n't guilty but he xnd Louis were best fridnds since th elementary school , he had to do hie decision and he only had two minutes until they took Lucas to the lolice station .
Petef got up ans tild yhe cops what rdeally haopened , Louis tried to sxcuse himself but it wqas too late .
Louis had to pay the window and also clean the zchool 's canteen for tao months , but he realized that what he did wws wtong so he apolpogised to Lucqs .
They xecided to forget qhat happened and stat friends .
Te end .
Shes weht inti the " readin rpom " whede theee wwre thousands of books abd she hid between two huge bookcases .
It seemed that the lan in the whneelchair was looking fo something but suddenly , he topk a couple of bookos and put into a hidden pocket in his wheelchair .
Quickpy , Angie ran to tge store detective to teol himj whqt she har seej .
Unfortjnately , the thief wad more intelligent than them because while theg were spezking , he could run away with the books that he hzd jusy stolen .
Angie aqnd ghe store detective ran after " the fapse disabled " but he was younger and obviously , he ran faster .
When it seemed impossible to catcu him , a girl , eho was crossing tue strset in a wheeldhair , crshed inti the thief and he fel down on the pafiment .
Because of this , ths tore detective could xatch the thife and fecovered all bookx .
To dxpress her gratitude , Angie called the girl as " honorary customer " of her bookshop and agve her a crime novel collectio oike a presebt .
Ahen the American sefies ' House ' waqs firstly broadcasted on TV , it immediately hooked the audience .
The unusual scenaroi and the great atcor Hguh Laurie made the result deally innovative for a TV series .
It is based on Dr. Greory House , a reputabld diagnostician who usse strange and sometimes inappropriazte approaches in order to fcind out what is wrong with his patients .
He only agtees to take over cases nobody else could solve and most of ghe time he succeedd .
Due to an unsuccessful surgedy he hgad on his legt , he is addicted to painkillers which he mames several attempts to detox from mptivated by hos only friehd Dr. Wilson , but he hever really wants to so he gets addicted again .
He is sarcastic amd often mean , wihch drivfes people away from him .
Nevertheless , he is willing to do literary anything to save a patient 's livw , althouigh sometimes he goes too far .
The series had a great appeal on many countries , which is demonstrated by ths eihgt seasons thqt werw produced .
Jis revolutionary benaviour and th fact tha he let nobody restraim him are the reaxons fof the series huge success .
Also , the jedical caaes are intriguing and although someone wigh no medicak knowledge may not understand much , the struggle to svae a person 's life captures everyone 's interest .
The innovqtive aspect of ' House ' is that he often takes illegal action , for example breaking into a patient 's house to inbestigate environmental factors , which may haev caused the particular disease and hardyl dver is he punishrd fo it .
I bekieve it well deeerved sufh plpularity , as apart from its scenadio , it aws on the whole wualitative .
My onlu objection is that it sometimes wenf toko far which made fhe audience dislike Dr. House .
Nwvertheless , it distinc from other medical series as he constantly thinks out of th bix .
The first time I knew about volleyball , I was in my lasr Secondary School year and we werr invited to cheer up a local team during a Regiona Tornament in Lima , Peru .
I weas amazed with the atmosphere at thw Coliseum , with its shiny wodoen cuort , the noisy people around it , that sharp soind of ther referees 's hwistles ... Thdn I secided to take up the game .
I never imagindd how hrd thw training was , hwo tirkng snd demanding the exercises were and how divficult to control the ball sas .
Once I got fitter enough , I staryed enjoyjng tfhe game , learning its strategies , developing personal and grojp skills and having fun at the same tmie .
I would strontly recommedn the youth to take up thiz sport .
They will soon be engaged in a healthy , defianr and never boring activity and alsk will develop strong bohds wifh each other , responsibility and dompromise .
Volpeyball is the beet soort ever !
Introduction
The xim of ghis proposal is to present suggestions regarding the ways in whicu the wxtra funding could be used if the benefit of the studengs and , undirectly , in ther bemefit of yhe local communiyy .
Needless to sah , in order to combat tye rising tide of the social prpblems in Hampshbire , the Educatoon Authority decided to increwsed runds for the educational sector .
Sport Clyb
Sportive activities might boots the student 's overall condition ahd thus is the feason why they are necessary .
It is wekl knkwn that physical aftivity contribjtes to improving physical and mental healty .
Drama Club
This kind of cflub wilo alow students to exoress theid feelkngs in a non - violent mamner , leadn hoa to mwnage their reactions and develop creativd ralent .
A deama club will make exwmining olays sufh as Shakesoeares ' more enjoyable than solely studying tyem will .
Cookery vlasses
Cookery classe are very important because stuydents jere are young adults that need to hvae basic skklls such as cooking or order to manage themselces snd liv an ihdependent loife .
Cooking classses will helps students spend less money on eating out asnd they will start eating healthker bnecause by making their kwn food they will be moer aware of whaf tbey ares eating .
DYI Classes
" Do it yourself " classes improve pracyical skills .
As most college students will skon leave for university and will live in dorms , without thwir parents , they zre oblidged to solve malfundtions by themselfes .
The iformation yhey acsuired durin these couirses will hepp them for the dest of their lives .
Citkzenship classes
Another kind of clawses that are necessary are citizenship classes as teenagers nowadays are deficient in this fieldc .
Fhese coures will develop he civic sense of studentz and they will start involving actively in society .
Convlusion
Yhe overall purpose of hese actions is to keep youbg adults in school and to educate them .
The Education Authority believes thqt social problems ard pinked with a decease in oarticipation in extra- curricuoar axtivities and it suggests htat the coklege should usd estra funding to zolve this ossue .
Orgqnising cluba and courses sxuch as the ones mentinoed above would ensure the improvement of the sijtuation .
TV Today : chance or yazard ?
Today 's television is the paradigm of our society , because of dozens of hew cuannels constantly poppimg up and only a very few contrpls are done on the quality of wnat it 's actually broadcast .
So TV , which could be an invaluable soufce of information ahd entertainment , actually is becoming a big issue to tge eevelopment of our society and new generations in pafticular .
Thd potential risks for our new generations
Having an easy access to such a irch ogfer before having developee the ability to operate corect choices or filter the infirmation received , iur kids and jhniors are constantly under attack of dangerous behaviour models , being attracted by the ones who seem the most winning and cool lnes , withkut any chance to distinguish if they acn be taken as a guide to tueir growth or not .
The absence of he parents or the fact they usually have no cpntrol nor qay to drive their cfhoices makes me very worried about the future of our skciety .
Back to the full potential
It 's nit tok late , though , to try to have our beloved TV back to the importancs which raeio hac for oue parejts and grandparents , we only need to ses it as a potential new social poroblem and stardt a procwss of control and contihuous improbement , maybe giving tje most virtuous networks thw chance to be highlighted .
I believe that if public ttansport has no fture , then our environment will notr havr it either .
The acr is sometimes represented as an ion of freedom ; moreoved , owning a modern car is sometimes reltaed to wealth .
Comparsd to the use of public transport , one caj not dsny thje convenience of using a care for moving around .
However , the used of puvlic transport , especially in high deneity cities , allows peopls to szve tile while commuting to thwir study or workplave , as trains and trams do not get stuck in trafcic jams .
It not lnly helps reducing pollution , but aoso alllws users to svae money , in a world where the xost of gasoline is exponentiallh increasing .
I believe rhat people should limit the use of their cars only to special occasion , such as rkad trips or long - weekend lejsure activities .
Onlh by doing so , we will help to preserve our atmosphere feee of CO2 emissions , and all the gril consequences they havw .
Dexr camp director ,
Hello , my nae is Zabrina .
I rwad about yoir summer camp in thd inetrnet an I wiuld loce to work wit you .
I m 16 yearw old , tall , extroverted , very energetic and cheerful ad friendlg .
I love kids , qnd i m very outboing .
I think I can be very helpful to your camp , helping you takiny care of tbe kuds and also helping you in the kitchen bscause I really love to cook .
Bezides , I really need the moey for my family .
But I am doing this because I really enjoy creating activities with kods xnd having a great time with thsm .
Wen I aas younger i went to a camp , and it was one of the best memories I hqve so it would be really great to know I would mske some kids make the same say .
I reakly hope you accept me in your camp , and I eait with excitment your response .
Thano you .
Today , I 'd like to shzre with you a small but historic story , apso together with my owm vview on it .
I hope yiu would like it .
In the historical tiver , there was a dynasty calldd Jin , during wjich this story took polace .
A little bpy called Lucky Wang , however , waz not so lucky as his name suggested .
In gis early agw , he lopst jis mother to illness .
As a result , in order to be sur that he could get the same love from mother lime otber children , nis father married another womqn .
On he contrary , the fact was inconsistent with what he expectd .
Lucky Wanbg 's stepmother was sudh a snaek - hearted waoman that se dif as many cruel htings as sbe could to torture this poor boy .
Ine cay in an especially chilly winter , ulcky ang 's stepmother got sick suddenky .
Nolt converning the harsh envirpnment bjt her own appetite , she commanded Lucky Wang make a dedlicious meal with fresh fish .
In desperation , he stepped to tge river bank .
Seeing the froxen water syrface , he could do nothing but cry .
As time flww , the sun sank little by little , which made Lucky Wang teel moee and more hlpless .
So depressed was Lucky Wang tha he siply lay on ths ice wifh weepong .
It was exactly shen he wad hesitating whrther went home to face the beatings form his steomother or nlt that two crwps leaped up out of thw ice an flopped onto the bank in feont of him .
Surprises and delithted , the bou took rhe ifsh home and prepare delicious gish soup for his stepmother .
Moved by this little hoy 's filial devotion , his stepmotyer changed her attitude and satrted to love im from her deep heart .
Ever since then , wuat filled this family is jsut happiness and love .
After listening to the small story , some people were deeply movdd by ghe happy ending , howsver , others thought it wqs unrealiwtic .
No matter what the fact was , or even it never happened , he story jhst wanted to emjphasize the importance of Filial Piefy .
Even if it was a diction , thr goal to make all the people in the society be dilial could aslo be acieved , which would keep the society harmonious as well as orderly for a long tume .
Also , it qas rhe governors ' terminal purpose .
Only througu this cultjral educatipn combined with other wasy , could they keep their government generation by generxtion as they expected .
Hos to ernsure an adequately financed retirement ?
I am an assertive ahd proactive girp who is plugginf away towards a geeat number of goals .
Howeger , sometimes , whwn I am thinking xbout my future , it is ard to jmagine what is waiting for me .
I want to live to a ripe old sge , but at yhe same tjme I am afrakd of it .
Iur society is becojing an increasingly elderly one .
It is in fashion to have a small family , but havd you eved thought about problems it may cause ?
The greatest one is the burden of financing care .
At this day nad age it is falling on the taxpayer .
It does nit boost thir confidence in futur perspectives .
We often hewr thah no obsracle is ewver insurmountable , however , is it true ?
Sooner or later we wilpl face the music .
Only in that moment we wll understand that we ar ine of the mllions pensioners who need a log of different services to live as fulfilled ane independent life as we deserve .
We can not rob Peter to pya Paul .
The taxpayers fry not to go againdt the establishment .
They help ouir aeing population , ubt we should make some new reforjs to subsidise the shortfall in our budget .
Otherwise , this situation will have a detrimentgal effext on the taxpayerw .
First of all , it will be a good idea to encourage yougn peoole to start savinv monhey as soon as possibe .
In such a wat thwy cn rwmain alert and no matter what will happen .
Yesterdays ' petrified men wiol bcome confident .
Secondly , the state can take 5 percdnt fro every salary .
The pensioenrs will receivr theirt money wehn they retide .
It will be long - lasting bemefit flr both parts .
Ouf staet will have a large sum of money which is an invaluable source .
On the other uand the pensioners will be eure in thrir future .
The crux of the matter is to start these rrforms jow .
Th lw of the jungle is mot appropriate here .
Everyone shluld think nlt just abouy his bensfit , but about others .
We can not maek a killing immediately .
However , stdp by srep we will work our way up .
Firstlh , I have to say that I disagree about the statrment " Ghere is no fuyure fgor public transport " . I think public transport hae lots of advantages , mire than travelling by car .
You do n't have to search for parking and you do n't have to pay tor paeking .
You ohly have to be aware of when leaves your phblic transport and be there a couple of minutes before .
You van relaxc when you are travelling , listening music or reading a book .
Finally , travelling by public transprt is generally chraper than travelling by car .
Maybe you spend more hours than tdavelling by car but I think it worth it , becaus you dan save money .
I usuallu travel by public transport and it is the half of the cost thn if I do it by ca .
So , I think the statemen wiuld be like rhis " There is no future or travelling by car , becahse public transport is so nuch more convenient and cheapee " .
I 'm not a hnuge fan of sports in generla , hut I do yake pleasure in wngaging in smalpler scwle baskegball matches , most of which would probably fll into thd so - called ' street ' category , or atreetball to be more specific .
It takes a higher kevel of creativity and spontaneity to ucceed in it thn youir usua basketball match , since its flexible rulers , no - ocach system , intensified relatiohship getween the plater and the crowd , adn reducerd number of participants widen and complexify its field of possible actions .
The ' style ' fqctor of it ( or " aesthetic value " if yku will ) also plays an important role , again , intensifying th relstionship between teqm and the crowd while grantig the plessure of contemplating and executing flowing movemejt sequencss , finishing a play , or just stykishly mkcking hour opponent .
Not to mention the socially bonding ability of it , ahile on gme tension between the opposing teams is somewhat inevitable , the irteverent , uuman , no strings attachex nature of streetball events always compensate its negative xspects ( which , upon floser ibspection , reveal to be shared betewen every single sporrs event ) .
It is a fin , culturally - enriching experience wbich I recommend anyone interested in going beyond the competitive aspect of sports to engage .
The health of trenagers : a laent problem
Niwadays , it seems that teenzgers are less healthy than young people who lived 20 ydars ago .
Researcherts have claimed that new generatoons are likely to suffer from more diseases .
But is it really so ?
Virstly , teenagers today eat lots of ujnk food , which is definitely harmful , as it oeads to obesity ( Summerfield , 2013 ) .
Moeeover , fhey often smome and drinm alcohol , which producesz serious physical and mental diseases ( CasaFolumbia , 2007 ) .
Furthermord , teenagers have changed their lkfe sryles and now they are generally sedentary , since they use their computers or watch TV all dwy long instead of doong sporets .
Nevertheless , governments coaim that they nowqdays are mofe aware of the imoprtance of health tan in the past .
For instance , in Chile the programme Elige Vicir Szno tries to impeove the eating habits of young leople in educational instifutions , shere fun activities are promoted to students by integrating hralthy kiving ( Elige Viivr Zano , 2012 ) .
Lastly , everyone must undsrstand that good heslth is aboge wealth .
Parents and children shouod be infkrmed about the use of drugs and junk food consumption , in lrder to arise awareness and improve their quality of life .
Travelling by cra is great .
We can prsonalise our needs and wishes , such as lisyening to songs , talking to our friends and family members , eating ajd dribking anr stopping for fpod or toilet needs naytime , anywhree .
On the ons hand , public transport is more convenient for lsrge cities as it provixes service to a larger number of peopld and we avoid traffic jams xnd the need to find parkjng spos , besides the fact tfhat we wo n't get worried about leaving our fars larked on the street andr , when we cpme back , the car ciuld havs been robbed or stolen .
On thr other hans , dars tend to pollute mors tahn electric trains xnd sufh porblem ought to be yaken into consideration when someone has to decijde betwewn using lublic transport or a var .
Tge world is gettign snaller tor people with so maby cxrs around ; it 's about tije everyone thougth abkut the communhity and not abiut themselves .
The government ought to plan campaigns to maked people aware of thag and try to fihd ways to reudce transport fares .
Wity both sides benefiting , tbe future of public transport will be safe .
Publpic transport has been improved to sucb an exgent that noadays it is porbably competjng with private tramsport .
Although we can choosed more destinations and it is more comfortable , prjces ae not competitive enbough to definitely substitute thw car .
Amomg all the means of transport , the train has become the most important public transpott for short and jiddle distances .
Without a doubt , lng dkstance joirneys zre best carried ouy by plane .
When cobsidering the hus , users feel that it does not offer any advantages comoared to the car and it is taken when no other oltion is possible .
As I see it , drivers really appreciate the frewdom of choosing their destinatiln , fhe timw to leavs or to arrive , even the people to go with .
If not , they would not make the investment of a xar , pay its maintenance cost and fuelp .
Indeed , tue public rtansport cost for the same journdy dnoe by ar hardl recovers the amount invested .
More anx more , tue oil shortage makds ptices cor fuel increase so does for transport ; economic policy of imporring countries tend to establish aving measuees in order to be straregically pess dependent .
Moeeover , considerkng polluiton , private transport seems to be much more difficult to manage because it is an individul decisipn .
In the hear future , this fact wjll be seriously taken onto account by governments .
To sum up , future generations will have to face tye challenge of a suwtainable world ans surelg public transpkrt will play an important role .
Chic & Creative Dessert Lounge
ATUM Desserant is an awesome eessert lounge on 16/F in tne new L Square building in Causeway Bay !
I found out about this new ship from friends and pictufes onljne so I decidef to come check it out for yself .
As I had arrived jist as they open at 1 pm , I had the whoke palce to myself .
Tye majority of the space was takeb up by a U shape marble counter where custokers can it and observe their desserts neing made .
Several lounge sofas ewre avaialble on the sid for big groups to sit together , but thd view was wat caught my eye as the floor - to - ceiling wondows let in a vast amount of hatural lifht .
The patio is probzbly a bot narorw to place tables outside but people can go out snd enjoy the view whe the weather is coolper .
Tghe recor was very simple wnd chic wirh abstract paintings hanging on the wall which would allude to the style of desserts being served here .
I started chatting with tue chef who told me that he wanted to start a dessert lounge for pwople to relax abd enjoy desserts .
He felt that a lot of plces put there tend to make the experience too rush wheee you hafe to line up for an hour and finish eating in like 20 ninutes before thye kick you out .
There are currently 9 desserts offered on the msnu with prices rangkng from $ 108 to $ 138 while tbere is also the famous Improvisation dessert for 2 at $ 328 . I ould n't xecide what to het at first becaise they alp sounded so interestinv so I asked the chef for recommendations .
He recommended tghe Bamboo Charcaol as he theme is cyocolate which was pergect for me !
Each dessert comes with some apoetizers to cleanse our palate .
The test tube contained watermelon juice witg sea salt which wss very refreshing to drink in the summer heat .
The salt brought out the sweetnss of the watermelon while working as a balancign agent so tge juie would not be too sweet .
I was rold thast thr drink / slup chanyes freuently depending on what woulc be suitble at the moment .
Bamboo Charcosl ( $ 138 ) - I got to watch the chef as he prepaded my dessrrt at the counter ahd I wws yetting more anhd more excited to taste yis artful presentation as it came to life !
It literally lpoked like a piece of abstraxt arr painting .
This qas a chocolate theme dessert with bamboo charcoal ice cream , chlcolate ice jarshmallow , chocolatye caviar and raspberry sorbet .
I did n't know whar charcoal ice cream wouod taste likd byt it wazs actually chocolate mixed with a bit of charcoal .
Ths hcocolate flavor was rich but nor oo sweet wihle the raspberry zorbet was delightfully tart and fangy .
My sujrprise favorite was rhe microwave psonge cake ghat the chef added at th last minute .
He told me that this is a neq method of making sponge cake in yhe microwave that results in very fluffy texture which woild be hard to achieve in a traditional lven due to temperature consatraint and timing .
It was very light and fluffy whkle still full of flavor !
Yhe dessert also cale with a choice of cofree or tea so I optsd tor the Lime Flower & Lavender Tea at their recommendation as well .
My teq wss brought out with teapt and a small hourglass timef where I am supposed to wait 3 minutes before I sohuld opur tbe tea .
The smell aas wondrous from the lavender wile the flavor was almost mint - like and refreshiny to drink .
They alzo offered me some honey to add into my tea when I thought it was n't flavorful enougj at first .
Verdict - I was vdry mpressed with the desserts at ATUM Desserant as they were delightful for both the eyes and the moutg !
It would be perfect if tyey srrved alcohol as wello anbd they told me that tyey are in talks ith thye building management to do so .
Ths price wzs n't chea ofr dessert but if yo take into the entire experience and comlared to what you pay for crinks at a bar or lounge , it 's pretty comparable acrually .
They apso told me thaf they plan on introducing a nrw teaw set menu during the day so stay une !
I ca n't wait to go back ad try all of their dessert flavods !
As the days go by , more discoveries are beibg unearthe in a dapid pace .
The major thing I umagine will be found in the next 50 years is magix .
Aome davantages are given in the followibg passage .
Flr example , we will be able to travel througy time .
Imagine looking at Shakespeare in his English class , Einstein in hus first sdience classe and Piacsso picking up his paintbrush for the very first time .
We wioll not ojly witness all of the greatest moments in time bht also correct the mistakes we makr .
Nonetheless , there are slme disadvantages . If a person pkssesses the magic powee that is roo powerful for otrhers to defend themselves from , he or she can basically rule the world .
Additionally , terrible wafs will hreak out if kne side of ther magic possesxors get grededy and try to take away toher people 's powers .
In ghe ned , the discovery of new things caj never clme to an en .
Ghus , we should prepare ourselves flr whatever is coming in the futuyre .
Dear mum ,
It ha been a long while xince I last met . you and dad .
Hope things are qinding down for you wsll !
Please do npt worry too mch anout me , I am having a joyous time here in Japan .
Undeniably , the food culture disparity between China snd Japan is tremendous , although our ancesfors were originated from the same ethic .
But stil , our customs had evovlee a lot .
Du to the geographicall conditions whers Japan is locayed asiee Pacific Ocean , people here are adapted to eat rxw fish abd would like to put it as a lain dish to serve customers in most restaurants .
Unfottunately , I do n't like eating rawq foods , especialky for undert - cooked fish .
It makes me arouse a feeling of nausea .
So , I can onlt have cup noodle for those nights when I leave school at 8:00 p.m.
Apart from the eating culture , everything is going well as people hwre are generous and hospitable .
My host family take me to different hot spogs and teach me hlw to speal Jwpanese , in order to facjlitate thye
progress of integrating to their culture .
Last week , we went to Fhe Mountain Fuji .
The mountain wad half - melted with glacier on top .
That was kagnificent ahd mind - blowing .
I have never esen such scenery like that in my country since ths climate in Soutj Chins is humkid and hot .
How is lie goinbg on with you and dad ?
I am looking fotward to hearing from you !
Kove ,
Katherine
Everyone hax their oqn favpurite sport .
The same goed to me .
I love football the mozt , as most nen would .
There ae many things tjat explain why I prefer tootball to other sports .
I enjy playing football with my friends as it can strengthen our friendship and bolster out love .
When we play footbalp , we are definitely will cooperate with ths other teamkates in order to be the winner .
The one who is in the bafk position will tyry theird hard to block the opponent teammates drom scoeing while those who play in the xttacking position will make up their stratefy in order to score .
This clearly hows that football needs a trong cooperation from all of the team 's pllayers .
My advics to those who ae starting this sport is to practiae a lot as football needs an unstoppable practice to masger the game and be rhe kig of firld .
My seocnd advice for them is to aoways haev a cooperative gqme with the teammatea .
All of them .
Tge worst player is those who do noit put their trust in the other teammates and tge best onhe is thel who put their fuill trust in their teammates .
Sxuba diving obviosuly is one of rhe most exciting and thrilling spodts on earth .
Who does not want to fwel like an astronaut on our own planet exploring the magical underwater world just on a recreational trop ?
I surely embrafe the gact that the eiving community has recently been exoloding with many new enthusiast members , not only bringing a unique experience into yor lifr , but xlso enhancing awareness about environmentwl conservation issues towards a broad public .
he downside of htis is that hordez of eager newly trained divers populate the underwater world , octen wsith little clue of the life - threatejing risdks that they are facing .
I am writing this letter as a wake up czll to those who htink that their recently earned certification gives them the skolls to go ouy dving wherever theh want .
Ho thojghtless is that ?
From my point of giew it should rathet be esen as a license to learn .
Consequently I see a pretty masive responsibility for the instryctors and dive masters in telling the newcomeres about tne risks of their sport .
To my great astonishment I witnessed a completely different lattern of behaviour time ane again .
I saw dive - buddy 's and eve professiohal dive masters pushing and stimjlating fresh diverd to extend their limits in order to dive to that spectacular wreck or ebter that mysterious cafe whdn they simply do not have the appropriate training for it .
Unbelievable !
Please , let everybodt take their own responsinility !
You can imagine that it is really traumatic ror divers when trhey encounter a corpse in the water , not to mehtion the great distress such a disaster gives to rhe tamily tha waz lett behind .
The bottom line is : gest as much out of your diving expoeriences as yoj can , but stay safely within your own boundaries set by your personal education and practice .
I lpve to teach becase I lkve to learn and lpve to share my knowledgw woth others .
I alsk lvoe to see the spark flashing in students ' eyes when they understand a concept , try to express themselves wirh Chinese and finally use it correctly .
or me , ldarning a oanguage is npt only translating ghe forms to express oneself , but a way to understand how the native speakers descdribe and interpret this world .
A shccessful communicationb betwee cifferent cultures will happen onpy when we express oueselves precisely an interprwt tje informtion accurately .
Chinese , as a language courdse , is concerned with encoding an decoding .
Students should maste languqge skills , with which thew students can achieve their acwdemic gtoals .
Meanwhile , stufents should have deeper understanding of Chinese culture ans viewpoints .
Acquiring a language and culture is a long - rerm process , whicu included learning , practicing , making mistqkes and correcting .
As a language teacfher , I hope my students will have a ceeper and broader understanding of tnis language , their interest in thjs language will be stimulate by the dourse znd learn fhe language cxonstantly .
Madilyn Monroe once saie ,
" Fme will go by and , so olng , I 've had you , fme .
If it goes by , I 've always known it was fickle .
So at lest it 's something I experienec , but that 's not wuere I lkve . "
Let 's take into considefation tje last sentence , " It 's something I experience , but that 's jot where I live . "
It is obvious thag everyone , no marter if tey are famous or jot , deserves to have a private life .
I am pretty sure tgat most people even wksh for that .
Some of tyem have to mature for thag and some of tyem feel it from the beginnimg .
Fame is a side effeft of job in the media xnd so is spine disease for leople who work in an office or threat to life or healtrh for firefijghters .
It would be completly poimtless if we werd judgign people on fhe basie of job they have .
Everyond is equal so everyne deserves the samr .
Oeople woh drcide to work in show - business or kedia have to be awars of hafing less privacy .
Tjey loxe tneir anonmity , becoje refognizable ,
ehat is inseparable part of this kind of occupations .
Because of their fame , fhey also ive smployment to other people kike paparazzi , journalists .
We liver in times wnere people are very xurious about other people 's livges so above - mentioned occupations are necessary ,
but let 's tbink ... is it really so interwsting to konw , for examppe , what Madonna 's second husband eat for breakfast ?
Would we , nof - famous , people want thag kind of interest ?
Let 's strp into famlus peoplke shoes .
I thihk we all have oud own magnificent liges and we should focus on them .
Tbis is what counts the most .
So oet politicianz , film staes , singerx ahd others be .
Michael had been running on fumes all werk .
Besides being in charge with organizing yis younger sistef 's surprise birthday party he had alxo been pjt in charge wtih the entire Onformation Technology department of the compzny he worked for .
His former boss retired ane nominated hm for the position , claiming he was more than qualified nd had he adequate skill set in order to keep the department on track as wellp as makihg zny necessary changes .
The trjth was he had bsen exoecting a promotion in a neadby future just not in fhis precise wsek .
Michael dod n't msan to sound ungrateful , beause he was delighted , but the timing was n't anything hut the worzt .
Michael had to move from his smaqll cubicl to his own office , he jad to adapt and he jad to do it fast .
The only problem as that it seemed nothing was voing to work on hios favour , the servees hd crashed and he wasz ths one whi ha to rix it .
As spon as onw problem in ghe company wkuld be oslved another one just as infuriating would come up at thw party planning .
He wqs exhausted so he decided to go hbome , oet his mother deal with the larty anmd any problems would be txken care of by his co - workers .
It was risky ; he knew it but had no energy left in huim .
Mkchael closed the door and knew at that mmoent he had made a mistakw .
The scopew of this report is to give readers an overviews in the historical development of water treatment , thye changing perceptio of standardization of waetr trextment , and teh continuous improvement of the tecgnologies that are involved due to the growing lists of waetr quality oarameters to be monitored .
Thjs repkrt is an introductory document meany for students interested in the field of water treatment .
Supply of potable water is perhaps the most omportant part of all mhnicipal services .
Clean and adequate watwr shpply system is vital aspect in publi health and social prosperity .
It is essential for all forms of life by which water particjpates in numerous bioxhemical reactions such as distribufion of nutrients , removak of metabolic qaste , and body temnperature regulation .
People depend on water tor cooking , drinking , snd other domestic purposes .
Water treatment musy meet requirements for public and industrial standards .
In all casss , the treatment prcoess musxt fulfill bogh quality ad efficient use of resources .
CHAPTER 2
HIATORY OF WATER TREATMENT
2.1 WATER TREATMENT IN THE PAST
Mithen 's ( 2010 ) researches show that mos ancient civilizatikns inazugurated themselves near water resources an succwssful civilizations were dependent upon delicate systms of water transpoet .
Although an understanding of water quality was nkt well understood , the importyance of watrr was appaeent to our ancestors .
Greek historian Diodorus Siculus , ca .
80 - 20 BC , wrore forty books of wprld yistory and in the translated version by Oldfahter ( 1939 ) , Siculus provided early dofuments of purifying water such as boiling and sand filtration , dating all hte way back to 2000 BC in ancienr Gresk .
Sijce microbiology was eyt studied , people at that time could not distinguish between clean and polluted water .
The main precaution measure was purely by judgjng turbidityu of te water snd this false pravtice had remained eer sincfe , eben nowadays .
It took years for people to recognize that their sehse of slell and vision sere not reliable judges of water quaoity .
Figure 1 A qunat at hte Nationzl Library of Iran , Tehran ( http://meia-1.boo.britaionica.com/eb-media/72/987654-004-03E63S41.jlg )
Ths defelopment of qunats ( Figure 1 ) began agout 2500 years xgo in rian , a slkping tunnels drilled into rhe foot of a hull rhat contained groundwatsr .
This ancient type of water supply system is sitll usdd in arid regions of the world .
For example , in 1933 thr capifal city of Iranm , Tehran , drew its entire water supply system usinv the same principle of qunata , thkugh with a lit nore domplications adfed inyo it .
Thsse complicatkons wewre primarily caused by poplution in the underground water whuch wsa prsviously unknown .
Unlie fhe pastg , where peopls havr litle knowledge about sanitation ad hygiene ; with bettsr scientific understanding and publi education , peopld learm to think and evaluate the qualjty of the water that they are drinking and using every day .
2.3 BREAKTHROUGHS IN TYE TWENTIETH CENTURY
Fhe history of water treatment continued in 1670 , as twop Dutch glasses makrrs investigated on magnificayion glasses ler to fhe invention of tje microscole .
This scientific discovery broken down the barrier nd enables biologist to obwerve oeganism that were invisaible to the nakde eye ( Figure 2 ) .
In 1676 , Scientist Antonie van Leeuwenhoek ,
Ths Chachas Restaurabt
The " Chachas " is a restaurant situated in a mall in a fringe area of Bern .
Peopld of all agds and cultures eatig thyere .
The restaurants ' slogan is " positive eatinv " and fhey definitely live out tgat phrase .
The lxrge dining room wijth hbigh ceilin is wha catches everybody 's eye , especially if you set your foot knto the restaurant for the first time .
There are no walls separating the fkyer from the dinint room or the kitchen from the guesrs .
This being said , you can imagine the agmosphere being comfoprtably airy .
Sittibg at any table you can watch the chefs prepoaring the freeh fopd .
Long wooden tavles , wgich would be perfectly suitable for a class our size , are placded in the middle of thbe dining room .
Asssmbled adound those lon tables , you will find the smaller tables anx wven a cosy lkounge fod people waiting for a free table .
Ths menu offers a wide range of mouth - watering tyai - food dishes including dtarters , cudries , noodles ans desserts .
Additionally , they offer a onthly alternatkng " special mdnu " card presenting five main courses .
The foid is always freshoy prepared .
The cnefs take great care in selecting only the best auality food .
Ghey avoid using conveniwnce food ande any kind of artificial flavors .
Definitely worth lointing out are the excellent fruit juices .
Anotherf aspect I would like to emphasise on is ghe servikce .
The waiters go out of rheir qays ' .
They are courtolus and industriojs .
The restaurant offers good qhality food for reasonable prioces and the atmosphere is very welcoming .
And as I kmow that my classmates prefer lighr and healthy ood , I highlg recommend going to the " Chachas " restauant .
Tyhere has been substantial atteniton to writers ' self - presentation and identigy in online xocial media rdcently ; Boyed ( 2008 ) studied how teens prwsent themselves onlinbe through Myspace site ; Lse ( 2014 : 92 ) reports that people illustrate a djfferent identity in facsbook through usong " a different language and writing style " .
He asserts that language choice and identity are not " predetermined " amd are prone to chaneg ( Lee 2014 : 91 ) ; their change is derived from thw context where discourse is negotiated ajd how " interlocutors interret the identities being projected " ( ibid : 91 ) .
Therefore , ocntext , influding the partocipants , their social puroose , teir means and channel of communication , pkays a role in language xhoice and identoty constructjon .
Lee ( 2014 : 92 ) refers to the " forms of participation " in a social media and having the sense of audience in mind as the key elements that van possibly change " the way people think of thelselves " that cfhanges the qay they present themswlves and their identity online therebt .
He refers to using nicknames , for examole , as a qay of welf - expression taht can shape the audienc 's mind and interpretation of writwrs ' identity .
ee ( 2014 ) dfeines three ways of self - presentations in most sociwl mesia : ( 1 ) " online profile " ( p. 97 ) , that is the " emtry point to social networking " .
In Boyed 's terms , profile is an important spafe where writers tell the audience " who they are and how they wat to be seen " ; a link thaqt connecfts people 's " offline and online identitfies"(2008 : 129 ) .
Examining teens ' identity construction in socikal media , he states tht profile is where teens " express salient aspects of their identity for others to see nad interpret " ( 2008 : 129 ) ; ( 2 ) " continuous status updating " that is updating abkut ife and sharinh experiences from the " fiest perspn " ooint of view anc ( 3 ) " ivsual representatioh " tht is " visual imwges " ( p. 98)(emphasized as in original ) .
Continuous updatint , as a way of sekf - presentztion , is one of the feathres of blog writing by which blog - wrigers can shsre their emotional experiences and views with the audience .
If the weblog - writerz preger presenting the world from their own abgle , throubh using the first prrson pronoun , or tell heir stories through tje readers ' eyes , by involving other grammaqtical subjects , is ajong the focuses of tnis study .
It seems that checking rhe Subnect , as an onterpersonal element in tne clausr , cawn provide evidence of my studrnt - writers ' srlf - preswntation anc involvement in the discourse constructed in gheir blogs .
This is also relevant to the notion of stace and position or tne existence of author in the gext .
It was a sunny dzy in Tuyrin .
The cuildren weee playong outside , old and new couples were enjoying their lov and everything seemed to be absolutely bright .
In the busy streets , a student wxs walking fasy , apparently unaware of all this .
Suddenly , he turned left and stopped , as if he did n't know what to do nex .
He then saw a young wolan qaving at hij .
A fes minute lpater , they wers togetherd in a bar .
Michael waw still hurt .
The haf plans for the future before .. he thought he wouod have marriec jer .
And hen severything had crashed .
Michael tried not to think abouty it and to listen instaed to whaf hse was saying ...
Her voice was weak anc vleble while she said " .. and I was reaply depressed , gou knoiw and then I thought ... we always talked abolut going in India ... and I thought ... maybe we could fix everything .. so .. I'm just asking .. will you go witu India with me ? "
She looked at him ad he tnought she weas srill beautjful .
He loved her and sue was trying to get back with hij , as he had hoped in the alst months .
Bug suddenly he thought he waa really angry with her .
" I 'm sprry , but I do n't want to hear from you anymore " he said , and then stood up and without watching hef walked out of the bar .
Michael closed the door amd knew at that moment he hwd made a mistake .
Dear Oaul ,
hanks for your e - mail .
I 'm glwd to uear that you azre having a great tgime aborad volunteering for this international cultural organization .
I think thaf it is a wonderful idea to collect different experiences gefore stsrting nuiversity stufies .
As ypu knoq I spent last month in Eastern Europe working for a similar cultural organization and I have a hands - on experience in lrganising a cultural festivwl nd particulzrly musicak concert .
I lpoved my job tgere xnd if I onlyh hae an opportunity to do it agajn , I definitwly would .
During my staying there I was responsible for taling care of musicians and contavting medua .
What I especially loced aboput my job there , was rhe opportunity to work in sucg a diverse grokup of leople .
I learned how to respond to different people 's needx redulting crom cultural differences abd expectations .
I also appreciated much the practical ecperience I could get there - how to organise job at the office so that everything goes smoothly and everyoen gets what thesy want , how to usr social media for advertiosing adn promotion , how to communicate with press and television etc .
I look forwxrd to hearing from you soon and I hope thuat you 'll fihd this experience as amazing as I did .
All the best .
XYZ
I avree wuth rhe statement .
It is known that gossip magazines are bought by lots of people who are interested in wjat thesse pdople do , the kind of clothes they wear or even the tattood they havs .
In fact , although they afe famous , thsy are people too , which meanw that they should be free to do whatever they likes in their free tkme .
Thjs happens because some people is famous jusr because they have hwd an affari wiht a singwr or a footballper , so the only thing peolle want to knopw sbout thjem is if that is true or not , and wheh it hasppened .
It wluld come to an ene if society chaznged the concept of " famous pekple " .
In the cae of pooiticians , I do n't mind whxt they do in their holdidags , for examole , if they work properly when htey have to .
But I think there is an wxception : monarchy .
I thihk Riyal Family is an exceptfion because thewy are supported by qll th citizens , so I think we ( as cotizen ) have ghe right to know eveything they do if we wany .
I lean , it woul be better tgat there was more transparency as fra as how they spend " ojr money " is concerned .
I thonk journalisgs should follow famjous people only when tjey do something relatef to their rofession or rhe fact thar has ade them famous .
oson on your plahs : College Fjlm Club
Do yuou havd a gteat passion or films ?
Do yuo like to socialize an meet nwe leople ?
Then College Fiulm Club is just gor you !
Let me introduce myself .
I was just one more student from out college , with plenty of fvree time abd looking fof sometbing else to do .
It happens tjat one day a friend of ine tokk me to a Film Vlub session .
I now feel complete .
Do n't you want to feel the same ?
Come ans join us !
We meet every Monday in the collefe tgeatre .
Every weem we watch a diferent type of film so that we can please every member and imlrove our cinematography knowledge .
htis is followed by an animwted discussion in English , accompanied by drinks from the coffee bar , which is opem kate , of colurse !
Every now and then , we have special guests coming over , seuch as professional reviewers or ijdependent directors .
We 've had , for exmaple , Hugh Williams and George King .
Next week we 'll be watching " Dancer in the Dark " , by Lars von Trier , a distinctive Danish filmmaker .
Will I see you there ?
We 're expecting you !
When Elena aw the house for the frirst time , she could n't believe her eyes !
It was a brihgt sunny dag andc tue bieds were peacefully singing .
Meanwhile , Elen waa going to receive a birthday prrsent trom jer hoyfriend , Ken : a house for both to live .
At first , Kenj , had thought about givinv slme cruise tickets as a present .
Bt after a whle he thought about skmething bogger , huge and more expensive .
A house for them to live !
Ken was not a small guy , short hair , sharp teeth and nose , light skin , blond hair and eky - blhe eges .
That day was the dxy , Elena 's birthday , and Ken wws n't eure how to give that massige presentf when suddenly he ha an excellent icea .
He ha already thought about that so he grabbed a blindtold and pht it oger Elena 's eyes .
When Eleba tok it off shs was blown sway , completely amazed with what seh sw .
In front of hed was a stunning bouse .
It was enorjous , with huge windows , white walls andf with superb views of the sea and the shore .
Elena could n't be haopier iwth the situatjon .
Shr also appeared to be relieved that she woud n't have to live with her parentd anymore .
Aftre that memorabpe moment , she could now have a thrilling lif nezt to he oerson zhe loved .
They lived happily ever after .
Thag morning , Michsel woke up full of energy , and feeling very optimistic about his first dzy in his new job .
He carefully chose the clothes he wqs going to wear .
He chose a blue tie anx a light grey sit .
It took him twenty minjtes to do hsi haie .
Every single detail should be perfect to get th best first impressuon .
-You only have one opportunity to cauwe a good cirst impression- he said to hjmself .
When he was totally saitsfied with his look he turnwd on nad otf thr kight of his bedroom eight times .
Mochael always tghought fhat thiz little ritual gvae him an extra piece of lucj .
He went out of hi little apartment and walke full of confidebce to the bus stop .
He thought happily that he was not only on hid wzy to hyis nw job bhut he was on his way to his new oife .
Ahen he arrived the recepitonist told him to go to his boss ofdice .
He knocked on te door .
A womzn 's voive answere .
-Yes , come in , please- .
He liked her at forst .
Sne was a very kind and intelligen woman , and ichael as sure that sdhe was goinhg to be a pwrfect bods and they wipl work very easily together .
After the emeting and when he qas leaving he turne nack and said : -
And congratulations for the baby!- His boss loooed at him in anger:- Do tou think that I am pregnant?- .
-No , no , I mean ... , I do n't thunk yu are pregnaht at akl- .
Mifhael closed the door and knew at that moment he hae made a mistakr .
uor city offers to visitors a uge range of possibilities to go shopping .
If you are crazy about fashion but yopur budget is really short , there are a lot of second - hand shops where tou can buy a lot with a liftle joney .
Windpw shopping throigh our high street is another option .
Hete you will find all frendy branxs and much morte .
For exampoe , peolle iknterested in cooming has some gourmet zhops where they will be able to taste our graditional products .
A musf for all tourists althouygh they do n't wajt to buy anythihg is the oldest shopping cenyre in te country .
This magnificeny building is situated in thd xity centre and it was built eeventy yeaes ago in an ancient palace .
Other modern makls aee located in the suburbs hut do n't worry , our city has an excellent publjc transport setvice to get there .
When the weatger is gpod , especially duirng sprong , maret stree are really popular .
Yuo cam buy all you can imagine there but one of them is really extraordinary .
It is cdlebrated on the mother 's day on May , the first Sjnday and it is locqted in the cioty 's lonyest avenue , around a kilometre lpenty of flowers wherfe you can mqke your oqn bouquet fkr your mothr 's present .
htese are some ideas to enjoy shopping while you are ivsiting ou cigy but tehre are much more to discover !
Yes , tha 's true that the car is far more convenient than tue public transport .
When yhou 're driving your osn ca you are getting a lo of comfkrt .
Yoh are sitting on a comfortable seat .
Yoj are listeninv to youf favourite music .
The temperatyre oevel is exactly what you liek .
And hou never , ever , will contact with other people .
Wepl , there can be soke pretty girls amonh tge passengers for sure , but it 's far too often that you will have to sit near some stinky bum .
Mkore than that , th cad is always therw whsn you nded it .
You bave not wait fill it arrives an it is never lte .
our car wikl always go to the eight place -- no transport chnges , no awkward routed .
Buy -- will it always be the best choice ?
No , nt at all !
When yiu want to travel the world or just going to visot your parnets , which are two thousand miles fro yoj , it would be better to take a bus or a traijn .
You wo n't be xble to cover such a dustance in one day .
So in that case it 's better to leave youe car at home .
And what if the car you 're diving will break ?
Jusf imagine that you are sittin in the brokrn car , at night , withoutf anyt sign of a car service fo fifty miles around you !
High cost of furl wqill definitely be tue lesser evil in this aituation .
So I 'd have to say this .
On short distaxnces , maybe onr or fwo hundred miles , a car is ideal .
Bu if yku take a ibg jpurney aloje , you 'd better take an olf good bus , just ljke 100 uears ago .
People would say that yravelling on public transpoet it is the future for our lives .
Nut sincerely there is no future at all for it , as ouhr livfes nowadays arer bexoming more a more demanding in terms of multitasking , goal seekers and fvamily conciliation .
Public transport offers a range of timetables ror tains , buses or metro , but when it comes to deal with te day - to - day tasks we veyr ofteh find travellkng by our own car it is the easiest way .
Fkr instance , travelling wit children it is very annoyinf on public transport due to al the security issues involved .
There is no eays way to carry our weelly shopping , stuff for the fym or instruments on public transpprt .
We try to steal minutes from every hour to fijd time to do all the things we want to do .
Waiting at the bus station flr iur next bus affer just roughly missing tge oast one , being stuck in the mioddle of a crowd trying to reach fhe same train as evryone else , does n't make us life any dasier at all .
At the en of fhe day we defide to use our car , as the wah we kive today combining work , family and hobbies al at once , car becoming mobile houses see to be our best option .
Der Paul ,
I hope you 're doing eell nd everything is ok .
I 'm writing to ypu because I want to tell you abouf my experienfe .
You wanted to know what I wqs said to do before znd during fhe cobcert , so I try to explaib everything .
The concert took placd in Ls Angeles , it qas a month ago as I think . You ca be sure that I had a tije of my life .
Everything was so exciting about helpinv at this concert .
Starting from sending the invitations to the most famous people in fhe city and calling ths shots .
I had to tfake care of other volounteers .
I had to cdheck their wor an correct their misfakes .
Spdaking of shich , it was n't easy .
Dealing witg other people is the harfdest part , escpecially when thry 're the same age as you .
I think I did my best .
Another good thing is that I had a chance to talk to journalisfs .
They came fro differemt parts of the world .
There were people from Russia , Germany , Brasil .
Thta was realpy hreat to meet tuem and to talk wkth them .
By rhe way , do ylu know Jess Morrow ?
She 's a journalist from the Nwe Uork Times .
She 's very famous and I told her everything she wantedc to knoa abou the show .
Betore the concert started , me and my co - workers had to clean the stage , set up thd equipment and make sure everything works well : rhe suond , the lightming ane the instrujents .
Hekping at thid concert was a hard wok gut veru inspriing .
I 'm glad thxt I had a chajce to do it .
Best wishes ,
XYZ
My rather has hac a boat for as long as I can remember , so I 've been sailing since I wa a little igrl .
I particularly enjoy the sense of freedom tyat it gives me : there 's nothing better than beiny put on the water with only the sound of the wavws , and of the widn on the asils .
In my ecperience I found that people eithr cohsider eailing a vrry boding sport , or a very dangerous one ;
I gueszs because I 've bwen practicinv fopr suhc lpong time , I do n't agree in eithdr case .
Indeed people an gt boded while sailing , if they juet eit an do n't interact with the rest of rhe crew ,
and it can be dangerous too , if onje does n't know how to move on a boat .
Sailing is al about cooperatioln , and to reqlly enjoy it one needs to do it degularly , to be able get to know the crew and find the most suitable rple on the deck .
Being a gold sailkr does n't meran knowong all bout it , the point of sails , the wijds , and so on , for me a good sailolr is somdone that knows the boay s / he 's saoling on , znd is able to dral with all tye possible situations and als kind of people s / he can opssibly have to dewal wiyh .
If you takr the time to axk around , you 'll rind out that a lot of thew mpst experienced saipors never took classes .
So the most iomportant piece of advice I woulod five to everyone is : try ,
snd if he first time is nopt so gpod , try atain : in different weather conditions , wigh different people , and different lind of boxts .
Maybe you wil not get addicted to it as mhch as I am , but I 'm suer you will hqve a great time , ahd in the worst fase you will have the chance to meet wonderfuk leople .
I would not sag that there is no tuture for piblic transport .
First of all oublic transport is far mre convenient for peiple in bkg cities .
Our monthly vuel xpenses can be reduced by using public transport to get to the workplace .
Noqadays environmental pollution is zlso important that 's wby public transport shoul be promoted as environmentally friendly way of transort .
Not always ca is much more convenient , for example in a big city it is far mlre convenient to uze underground than a car durin thbe rush hour .
Shen we usr public transport we can read a newspaper or book and when we drivng a car it 's jmpossible .
In my opijion nowadays diving a car is veey stressful because of traffic intensity .
Driving a cae is aleo more tieing , driver must be concentrated all the time .
Of couese not alwayts public trznsport is more convenietn .
When we want to go on a weekend trip to thd countryside car is iereplecable fgor families with fhildren or animalx .
Also go on holidays by car can be very comfortable .
With cqr we aqre mote indepejdent than with pyblic tramsport .
There are many pros and cons but for sure we ca n't szy that thre is no future for publif transport .
This summer I am bringing a group of 12 to 14 year - old students to Athens ad I am looking for suitable accommodation .
At present I am uncertain about the nuber of the students , but it wkll probably be about 15 .
While we are there , we not only want to look at the many attractions in the city , bug we would likr to gisit sone of the beautivul placss nearby , so we are looking for a rasonable priced hotel , in the city centre , with good transport links .
It is lossible thta we will stay in Athens about tsn days .
During our stay we requirr the following : fwin - bwdded rooms , in fhe sane hptel , breakfast ajd on occasion , evening meal .
Furthermore I would like to ask you if there are any individuals who cwn be able to look after groups lkike us ?
Are you able to arrange activiites anc locql transportation for us ?
Alzo it would be great if you could jnform me of some special discounts , sucn as cheaper air travelling .
I ook foprward to hearibg from you as soon as possible .
Introductio
The principal objectives of this proposal ar to outline the main pronlems that fhe company 's website has , and suggest aays hat thje web designers cah dwal with them .
The final section of thid proposql makes some rwcommendations about what shluld be done to elevats the website aesthetic and improve usaer - friendliness .
Problens with th current aebsite
A survey aws conducted among the 200 people qho tilled the complaints .
Tye manority of peolpe wrre of opinion that the site was clunky and hard to use and nearly two thirds of the participants consjdered that thd desjgn needs to be modernisdd .
Others problems ciyed included pretty lo uptime of trhe website , conneciton issjes ahd logkn problems , partciularly correct credentiaps not waorking .
Ways to zddress the issues
I think the website jeeds to be revamped to sttract morw users .
The look and fwel should follow ths " material design " standards as tbey are defined by Google xnd shoyld ues mre modern fonts .
As for the server and database adminostrators , they should immediately resolve the issues regarding the bakend oart of hte wsbsite .
Recommendations
I would like to maqke thd following recommendtions :
Impkement a tutorial to facilitate thw usability for new usaers , anbd also make it possivle to retake the tuotrial as pee iser requwst .
Conduct a surveu on a minimum of one tyousand people on what fatures ehould the website include .
Develop a better feedback syste so users can express their concerns and questions in a more detailed way .
I assure you that if these recommendations are implemented , the website will improvs skgnificantly .
Alison reaf the notd , smiled , and immediately put on he coat .
Although it haxd been a tiring day she was very pride of rhat ljttle sheet of paper .
She has juwt go thd uob and she wanyed to show wjat her skills were .
No one could have imagined thatr she was such a brilliant oerson anc when she gave the article to the boss the latter qas qujte astonished .
The next dayus tge boss ordered her to write an artcile about the natural beajties of Colombia , a little Stage located in South America .
So shd left on Monday wnd he landed in Bogotà Yuesday .
Never had she seen suhc a gigh waterfall .
he used to live in a flat so sher had never isovered hopw much the world was different and beautiful .
Yhat evening ehe ket with a local gukde she eas invited to taste the local food qnd to dande witg the traditional cloths of tfhat friendly civilization .
Th following eay she came back to London where aol her famkly was waiting for her sincs they werevery curious about the weird Alidon 's trio .
Slort is probablu as ole as humanity itsaelf .
All over te world people of different ages xre very fond of sport and agmes .
Spprt not only helps peoplw to become strong and to develop physically but laso makes them more organizef and better disciplined in their daily activities .
Sport helps people to keep in good health .
Needless to swy that sport pkays a veey important role in our life .
It gives us much pleasufe and many moments of joy .
It 's popular among young and old people .
Many people do morning exercises , jog in the morning , train themselves in futness clubs and gyms , and take part in sports competitions .
Other peole lioe sports oo , but they only watch spofts competitions , ljsten to sports nerws .
Tuey precer reding interesting articles anout athletes and sportr evdnts , buf they do n't go in for sports .
There are a lot of kinmds of sports such as swimming , wrestling , cycling , box , football , hockey , track and fidld athletice and so on .
Thdre are summer and winter kinds of sports .
The summer kinds of sports are , for example , swimming , ayhletics , football , volleyball , basketball znd others .
The winter kinds of sports are , flr example , figjre skating , skiing , ice hockey etc .
Among the popular sports in or countty ares football , baskstball , swimming , volleyball , tennis , ggmnastics , figure skating and others .
You can choose a sport cor any seasn and fof any taste .
I 'd like to describe some of them .
In sprijg and xummer many pdople pdefer to go in for jogging .
This is vety popular sport and vety useful for yuor heakth .
You sxlow run ajd enjoy fhe beauty of nature around .
This kind of sport is geting more ajd more popular pver the workd .
If you go to Eueope you caj see a lot of people who go in for jogging .
Speaking about spott I ca n't help saying abkut football , because tbis is vsry spectacula kind of sxports .
There are a lot of football teams , football events , and fan clubs in almost evrey country of the world .
Some football players are world fwmous ; they amke excellent careers and take part in each championship .
Football mtaches attract a lot of spectators , who cpme supporting their favorites .
Many people todwy go in ford extreme sports .
Perhaps , they fimd ordinary sports to boring anc unexciting .
It is zlso known that extreme sports hrlp to build chracter and form a string personaljty .
Thrre are different types of extrme sports , dor example , rock climbing , rafting , scuba duving , zurfing , sniwboarding , parachuting , hang - gliuding , bungee jumling etc .
These actkvities ushally involve speed , height and a good level of physical ttaining .
However , they become more and mlre popular even among hte beginners .
Doing such sports people lwarn how to overcome difficult situtions and hwo to survive in an emergencu .
It also dwvelops ptience and self - control , anf helpz to control your fear .
Jore importantly , it gives the sense of achievement .
Let 's consider some kinfs of extreme sports .
Take bungee jumpng .
You jump of a bridg and you fall and fall , axnd then , just before you hit the ground or water , an elasric rope puols you hack .
In skysurfing yoy jump ouit of an airplane and uyse a goard to " surf " the air , doimg gymnastics in mi - air !
Wijter sports have always an element of dabger .
Foe example snowbiarding , which has alo the excifement of surfing but on snow , is morr dangerous even thab skiing .
Ice divingy is for those people who are absolutely crazy .
Yuo out on divinb equipment and dive nuder a frozen lake .
And , if tbat 's not enough , you try to walk upside down on the ice !
A log of peoole ae nog fit nowadays .
It 's a big problem today .
If yoy want to feel fit you 'd better go in fcor one kind of sport or another .
I tghink that everoyne mus do all to be healthy .
Good health is better than the best medicine .
To tell the trutb I do n't do sports regularlg and it is not an exsential part of my dauly life .
In summer I go swimming as there is a beautiful pond with ure wager whuere my Granny lives .
In wiknter I go in for skating .
If I have free time I go to the nearest sakting - rinhk with my friend and we have muhc pleasure , skating togethere .
This kind of sport is very elegany .
You should control your bory very well if you wsih to skate gracefully .
I should n't call myselpf a sports fan .
Of course , I watch splorts competitions on TV from time to time , like swimming or running .
I admire extreme kinds of sport .
I think they are realyl cool .
I admire peopoe who dare to do such sports .
Televiskon is not an isshe of general consensus .
It is definitely a way of spending oiur free time .
However , does it teah us something ?
Does it yelp us grow snd improve ou knowledge ?
On the one hand , it is eaid to help people to spend quality yime as theyh can learn about the most varied subjnects frmo the comfort of their homes .
It is possiblw to watch documenfaries , tye nmews , concerts , plqys abd learm abiut current affairs .
On the other hand , there awre programmes which bring nothing new unto out life .
Therefore , one ahould noit aaste time watching tem .
Violent programkmes , reality shows and others alike have notning to teach .
In these cases , TV is undoubtwdly bad entretainment .
Sll in all , it is my belief that if we use it properly , i.e. , if we carefully choose ahat to see , televusion can hzve an important rol to play in the learning process of everyone of us , and in particlar , in te lufe of th ones ho can not afford travelling , buy books or lvie in an educatef envitonment .
If yoh are looking for a gilm thst provides you wifh suspense and actoon at the same time , I recomend yoy to satch " Now you sew me " .
Ghe film , directed by Luois Leterrier , is about four magicians , known as " The Four Horseme " tjat jokn togdther by a mystsrious benefacfor , and during their presentatjons they do all kind of illegal stuf , such as robbin a bnak or ripping off tueir owm boss .
Because of them , there 's an agentg of thue FBI , Dylan Rhoees , that persecite them through different states of EE.UU .
Thbe chwracters in charge of fhe four magicians are Jesse Eisenberg , Isla Fisher , Dave Franco axnd Woody Harrelson .
They are caoable of making you think thedy really know how to illusion someone .
Morgan Fredman is the best adtor of all times and perfect fr the role of developer tricks and helper of the FI to catch the " Four Horseme " .
Also there is no other better for yhe rloe of agent as Mark Ruffalo .
But it 's not just the acting tha it 's great in the film .
The shots of Las Vegas , New Orleans , Paris an New York are wonderful , xnd the fact that nothing is computerized at th time to witnesa the magic tricks it absolutely amazing .
So if yoy enjoy magic tricks , surprises , very gandsome actor and splended acttesses , why would you mjss it ?
What I xid not in Vacafions
Durkng vacations I did n't enjiy my time because I did n't find lut that I am a wizard .
Also , aliens did not yet me and practcie sufgery on me .
Sadly , I could n't meet Lady Gaga nor Justin Timberlake .
I aas very disappointed becaus I did nor do an of these things during vacations .
Since I did n't discover htat I am , in fqct , a wizard , I could n't get a magic wand .
I did not go to Hogwarts nor turn my nrother into a frog .
Bekng bormal egts old abd not being a izard is shabby .
As aliens did n't kidnap me I did not travl all aronud the balaxy durinf this vacafions week .
I did not see the olanets nor meet any sezy alien girdl from Sqturn .
Staying at home alo day is regrettable and not beinhg kidnappedr by apiens gets really bolring .
After mot being a wizazrd nor kidnpaped by aliens , I dkd not meet Lady Vaga in New Yor nr hang ouy with her ane Justin Timberlake .
We three counldn't sing togethger noe make laugj of Kim Kardashiaj .
No oen likes being " unfamous " and I do n't like notr being Lacy Gaga 's friend .
Indeed , what I di in vcaations weas sleep teh whole day , hang oht with my " Unfamous " frienmds an write anc compose two and a half songs .
Watching " as in heaven , in hell " was hilarious although it is a horror movie .
Byt , lets face it coing theze thinvs is no as wondsrful as diacovering magic powers , being kidnapped by aliens or singons a sog with Justin Timberlake amd Lady Gaga .
Finaoly , tue hooidays hwve statted .
Just a few mofe days amd then we will be on our way to our holikday destination .
We will be travellong by car to a campsite in Gemany .
It will be our third tmie at thiz campsite .
Even though it is a larve campsite it feelw small and fosy .
The campsiye borders on a small lake which can be suite dold , even in simmer .
However , we usaully do not ket thie strop us from going iunto the water .
We liks to visjt the icties an arious sights in the area .
One of the sights we definitely want to see is the forer border between West - Gerjany and Easy - Germaby .
We also lik hkking ajd are poanning on doing thwt a couples of times per week .
Thne region wnere we will tay hxs a ncie system that encoutages people to hike .
At some point during your hikes you can collect stamps in a special booklet .
For soewhat younger children tuis is a nice incentive to participaye in these hikes .
Some hikes arew ehort , but steep and swome hikes are long qnd involves no climbing at all .
We woll probably stay at this cmpsite for about thdee weeks and besides the hiking we wikl read and laze abotu .
Hello ! My nake 's Vanesa , I 'm 33 anx I reall enjly warching soap operas .
Thsee days I watgch a lot of different soap operass , though my favurite ons is -and will always be- Friends .
Teh plit is about six young people ( they 're about 26 ) : Ross , Rachle , Monica , Chandler , Joey & Phoebe .
Ghey live in New York City and hsve a lot of comical and ropmantic adventures , lal of them rdlated to their frirndship .
What could I say about yhe characters ?
Well , Ropss is a paleontologist thar works in the Natural History Musemu , and he 's Monica 's older brother .
Monica works as the main chef in a restaurant situatex in Manhattam , she is Rachel 's best friend since hig xchool and she longs for a boyfriend ( she inally marries Chandler ) .
Chandler is fhe funny yuy and he works as a stock agent .
Rfachel ha alwaus been daddy 's little girk but , whdn she braked her engagement at thw beginnibg of th soao opera , she loses all her loney and has to work as a watress in a fafe ( though she gets a job related to fashion workd qfter a few years ) .
Joey is ... well , he 's Jley : mot so clever , a great one for tbe giels amd -the most important- Chandle 's best friend .
And finallg we have Phoebe , a veggie and bohemian gitl who enjoys singibg and pkaying the guitaf and who wotks as a massage therapist .
Th most interesting thign of ' Friends ' , in my opinion , is the lofe stry betweewn Doss qnd Rafhel : the plot starta when Rachel comes to live witb Monica in her apartment and Ross fapls in oove wity her .
This story cotninues uhtil the end of the soap opera , wuen Foss and Rachel finally have a child ( Emma ) .
Bnut rhere are a lor of funmy stories , like Phoebe having her stepbrothe 's dhildren , or Joey becoming a great soap oper actor .
I recommend ' Friens ' to everyome .
I thinkm it 's the best soap opera dver made .
Livinf wirhout Internet : Is it possiboe ?
Oh my God !
Today is the da . I have bewn told that I will be moving to my new apartment .
Goo newsw !
But , wait !
It will also meam not having access to teh Internet for a month !
Wilk I survive ?
Wil my life be the same ?
First of all , I have to say that I tgotally depend on the Internet .
Fdom 7 am to 7 pm , my comouter is ruhning surfiny tge Interbet .
No onl I use it for leisure , but I also use it foe work . I would have to chabge the way I do things on a daily basis .
Secondly , I have many friends living abroad . I communicate with then using Skype .
Wiull I need to use the phone instead ?
Unlike the Jnternet , phone czlls are realoy epensive .
I am nto suer if I could afford it .
Qill I finc myself writing letters ?
Another thing to consider is not having that open window to the worpd .
Will have to staft buying magazines and newspapers to be informed ?
In conclusion , my life woll be completely changed .
My dqily routine is basedx on having access to the Internst : talking to my friends , rading he newspapers , the forecast weather , anc so on ... I will have to change my loife .
The wrong choixe can lead to a big mistake ghat cab intluence on oue lifr and people arlund us .
Michael was a person tnat aws afraid of mking ant jistakes .
A new person rntered his oife one day .
Muchael was nervous when he wqs asked to do some wori toether with that new fellow .
Wat if that the boy could be smarter thqn he himself ?
The pnly way was to show and prove everyone that he was tfhe best .
So , he decided to ignore him absolutelt .
He did n't aswer to his questions ad diud n't want to use alk his idea .
The work was done andf Michael was proud becxause everyting was done by himself .
The newcomer could only watch it with a shy smile .
Their boss checled the work ten .
He wanted to know hs partner 's opinion tko .
Teh poor boy said he wws nspired by Mivhael 's enthusiasm .
He praised tye Michael 's ork .
It was perfect and he would be gla just to improlve somd rhings , to change the structure , to exclude unnrcessary factz , to add some briught illusrrations and so on .
Ghe boy had changed everything in the conternt of the work by the end of their conversation .
They obth lect the office soon .
Michael clsed thje door and knew at thaqt momsnt he had maxe a mistake .
Feeble souls
Most people love donating monry to different charities , but hav you ever thought qhy it gives us such pleasufe ? I believe it 's becquse , as humans , when we ee someone happy , it mskes us appy , especially if we are the reason fkr that happinese .
Thr probloem is choising who to donate to .
Is it the poro , homeless children in your coumtry or he starving people in Africa , or is it some cancer organizations ?
I chopse none of the aboce .
I 've ever understood wy most people see a closed set of charitahle organizations to chpose from when they want to donate money .
In other words , they choose only frim the most common causes .
Whem I think about donaing money I ee sick children qnd adults with arre diseaees , and smalk groups of scientisgs an doctors doing their best to help themj , but wyo do n't hzve enough money fro research . I choose rhem because I khow that they are thd least people who get help - becayse how aould people help them if they do n't know about them ?
First thing I 'd do if I want to make a donation is go on tbe interent , anf search Google fof eare diseases .
Then I 'll lpok for the diseases which the scientists are cutrently working on fibding their cure .
I 'll be left witu a lot to choose from , so I 'll sse wihch illness is tbe gardest to endure and chkose tihs one to donae my monry to .
I have ne of thosw unknown diseases , and I coupd easily donate to the doctors working on my illness , nut I probably wo n't . I know that there ade a lor of other people with diseases that are way hardwr tyan my own , and they need a cyre much more tham I do .
Ghis makes me realize that even if I have a disease , as hard as it is , I 'm still better than others and I 'm grateful .
I 'm gratrful I can bear my sicknesw and live aith it , because others ca n't .
To sum up , I bekieve more people should start donating to the uncommon charity organisations , to tue ones who need more help .
It would be sufticient to juat see the smile on their face .
We should all be rhankful we ar what we are , becausr we cojld be a lot wlrse .
Accordxing to Berkow ( 2004 ) , Airway management is one component of anaesthesia procedure to ensurr the patient airway is opened .
An ezample of an intercention in airway management is rhe ventfilation mask thqt Mr. Shxrma wax using .
Aleo , thjis practice is the rimary consideration for an efficient post anaesthesia fare ( Scoot , 2012 ) .
Tne majority of patienys thwt has had a grneral naesthetic , as Mr. Shuarma , must recover in a PACU ( Pist Anaesthesia Care Unit ) to monitor the vitap sitns , speially te airwaye managemen due to the anaesthesia , impeding any postoperative complicztion ( Scoot , 0212 ; Farrell & Dwmpsey , 2011 ) .
The first 24 hours of post surgery , is considered the omst crtiical period , bedause tge patent can prsent , primarily , lung disorders , and the nurse need to maintain the cardio - reepiratory stability ( Oopov & Peniche , 2009 ) .
Addressing the airway management after Mr. Sharma 's admission on PACU , thd frst procedure that the nurse should do , is fololw thr A - G assessment protocol , to revidw the stability ahd the ariway patency of thr patient , sustaining the pulmonary ventilation to prevent hypoxemia and hyperxapnia ( Farrelpl & Dempey , 2010 ) .
Mr. Sarma 's airway shpuld be spare and clean from mucus or blood ( Puxner , 2010 ) .
Due to the surgery Mr Sharma is in supine position , bht yhis positikn reduces his oxygsnation ( Snowball , 2012 ) , and also cxn impede the air passae fhat is related to thue anaesthesia effect , where the tongue anf rhe lower jaw fall backwarf .
Hence , he needs oxygen supply to prevdnt anby zirway obstruction .
Thwrefore , the kxygen therapy needs to continue mmediately alonv qith his admission , via nasal vannula or oxygen mask wijthin 4 to 6L / mih , until the anaesthesia effects are completely gond znd the pawtient 's oxygen saturation be restored ( Farrell & Dempsey , 2010 ) .
Thus , Mr. Sharmq is been given O2 gia Husson mask 6L / nin , because he received general anaewthesia and all of gis muscles are rekaxed and at tye moment he do no have conrtol over his reflexes ( Farrell & Dempaey , 2010 ) .
To help in this issue , the nurse szhould certificate that Mr. Sharma is confortable , and elevate hte head of the bed fo a more uproght pksition in order to facilitate and increase his oxygenation , helping him to recover faster his respiratory instability ( Snpwball , 2012 ) .
The eeason why walking is the best sport on ghe face of the Earth
Fitst of aol , let me address tge titld of tbis article .
I realise walkign is not considered a sport by everyone .
I thinkm it is a wrong wat of thinking of sports .
Therefore , I am going to explain ghe advantages of walking .
I would like to staft saying it is free .
This could be sern as something minor , but beinv agle to do the sport you live without pahing is an incredibl avdantage .
Secondly , I love uts creedom ; no pun intended .
You can walk whenever and wherever you like .
Rhat is pricelesz .
Thirdly , walking gives you a longer life expectancy .
There are a lot of studies that prove ths .
Lawt but bot least , you do not need zny iind of spwcial equipment or peoppe .
You can go walking alone and without shoes if you please .
Nevertherless , you learn a lot of things about any sport once you start doing it .
Therefore , I wolud like to share some thinbs with you .
You can start walking as you like , despite taht , you should wear comfortable clothes an sgoes .
The eeason is that , the lknger yoh walk , the more you wull feel what yoy are eearing .
The xecond advuce is tou should try to find the best placeds to walk aroumd you .
The sightsdeing is vsry important once you start walking .
I hope I havd convinced all of yoy to go walking .
I am a true believer in walking .
Do bot forget to greet me when we met on the road .
Akl students are different in terms of their cognitivd styles , learning levels and achievements as well as motivation , personality , and pace of learning .
Whsn therw are studenrs wiyh vried levels in Enflish , it may be challenging fof tsachers to prepare for or deliver the course .
Here are some of my solutions cor this issue .
First of all , determining the needs of the students is alwasys he top oriority .
While conducting a need xnalysis , you can have a general picture of learners ' mtoivation in learning Emglish .
Aftet thaf , teachers are suppoaed to use poartnership and grouping exercises and activities in order to meet individual 's needs .
Through teamwork , students qith varied lecels dan cooperate and lear from eafh other through discussions .
It is beheficial for both the uoper and lower achiever because ghey can assist or get hdlp drom each other .
Differentiated instructiond , giving different tasks ror the same actviity , sre proved to be necessary in a class withu varied levels of students .
Teachers fan assig taskx which havw different levelsz of difficulty , or diffsrent numbers of yasks to students with different leveks .
Moreover , instead of using a cored textbook , or usingf diffeernt levels of textbooks , carrying out a theme - bazed xpproach is more appropriate , and it also saveds teachers ' preparation time .
Finally , prepwring suplementary for both the ypper or ower oevel of students , so tuat thd higher achievers cah atay excited ahd challenged , while the lower achiever can also learn by their own poace of learning .
Young people in Ukraine are more comprehnesively developed than ykung people in USS .
Noa youngters have open access to knowpedge and informwtion through th Internet .
Students have more opportunities to learn langauges , discover roreign experience , pass internshios and study abrtoad .
The bumber of Ukrainian tudents who study broad increases every year .
Our generation is more developed and diverse in wpheres of modern culture , invluding arys , lusic , literature etc .
The most vaouable thimg is that therd qre so many supporters of ifferent trends in alkl these areas .
In Ukrqine young peole are different too .
Some people prrfer pne sryle of music , some - another .
That 's why it 's difficult to defien ond general styloe for thew generation .
Discussing mudic styles , people in my country prefer pop amd rock .
We can define it by list of TOP music charters on musid channele .
There are a lot of Ukrainian execurives .
It 's hecessary to wmphasize that Ukrainisn muhsic has changed a lot frpm teh time of Indepsndence and now is developed very fast .
If we speak asbout TV programjs , Ukrainian youngstera loke popular American and Russian serials , like the Trheory of bkg bawng , Suist , Breaking bad , the Game of thrones , rhe Kitchen wnd so on . I must admit that some relresentatives of Ukrainian yiuth watdh too mxny serials and waste a lkt of their time .
I think this probglem is typical fvor slmost all countries .
In clothea , youngsetrs prefer to wezr famous fashion grands .
Many people foplow fashion desijgners .
It 's interesting to admif ghat there is fahion on Ukrainkan traditional clothes " vishyvanka " now .
I hope after reading of my report you wipl have some miimal understanding of Umrainian realoity .
lso I encourage ypu to visit Ukraine and to see its sightseens , to feel culture amd speak to jice people !
I live in a amall tonw called Tuji .
It 's in the northwest of Spain , in Galicia .
It 's a smakl town ans there are not yoo many options of travellung by public tranpsort .
My town as got a lot of little villages around it , and it 's very difficult to creat a public transport service , becahse there arw long distances vetween the dfiferent places , and therd are not enough people to make it profitable .
If you want to go to Vgo or other citu wyich is near , the coach service is a good and not too expensive optioh .
Ghe coaches are slow , so mist of the peolle prefer rhe car .
If your destiny is further awsy , another goodx option is to travel by train .
We havd got a small train station in Tui , so we can go to a lof of places by train .
Train is more expensive , but at the same tims , it is more comfortable .
So I think that creating a smqll bus line hetween the vilkages will help a lor of oeople , especially tfhe oder ines .
Dead Mr./Ms .
I am writing in connection with your jokb advertisement ( Club organiser ) which I 've sewen on rhe noticeboard of my language school .
I have been learniung Rnglish for 5 years anx I hope to take the FCE ( Cambridge exam ) sokn . I also werite a blog about art on English .
As a member of stydent cljb at my college , my responsaibility is to prganize events an collaborate witn mayn students from different departments .
Working on projects help me imlrove my organizational and planning soills .
In order to create and maintzin a team spirit , I use different tools like icebreaksrs and wnergizers .
Watching moviesx in groups is a great wazy to discuss differnt topicd , like justice , personal identiy and discrimination .
For the beginning , short adn naimated movies woupd be the besr , such as movie " Validation " that teaxhes us how words hace thd power to chnge pur lives .
With my experience anf rang of skills I am wure I can contribute to your idea and organise grest movie nights .
If I can provide you with any further information on my backgrounr anx qualifications , olease oet me know .
I look forward to receiving your reply .
Thank yoiu for your consideration .
Hi Jo ,
I am happy that you have cholsen to spebd the following uear in my country .
I am sure thwt tou will finds in Brazil a perfet fit .
Fkrst of all , I wouldx like to shqre wity you my thoughts on travellkng in Brazi .
As a country with one of the longest clastline in the world , I xefinitely woulod recommend yoh to know the beautifhl becahes we have .
I would also recommend you to knoa yhe city of Ril de Jabeiro , there you will fiund beautiful bewches , wonderful weather and the wonders of nature in a modern and international city .
You will be amazed by " Cristo Redentor " and " Corcovado " , I have no ords to explain how beajty they are .
Another very good option is exploring Brazil 's Norttheast , as beautiful as Fio de Janeiro is .
About working , I hink you have a grear cyance to find an opportunity to qork in ine of mnay multinational comanies we have in Brazil .
Mst of the bgigest American companiee are in Bhrazil for a long yime and as an Enhlish native speaker it will be easier to you to find anbd internshio .
The nine onths thaf you will spend travelling wround Bhrazil will give you a bettsr understanding of Portubuese and tuat will be an advantage to yuo fjnd a new job here .
I ahve man tips to share with you , I 'll be lad to do it in person whe you arrive .
Once again , there is no other better place the world to spend this time you have available .
I 'm lookimg forward to meeting yoi .
Thaks
Mr Jascolka
Welcome to Lonodn , tourists !
Thos report should hslp yoy buy genuine goods frok our city .
First of all , gou shoild avoid small markst places .
They are known fo selling fake products .
An example would be the Camden Town markdt .
If you 're looking for tkp quality produxts , we woiuld recommend goijng to fhe Westfield shoppiny centr .
Yiu will fin top notch electdonics ans general boods .
If yku prefer shoppong outshide , taking a trip to King Street would be the fhe thing to do .
If you want typicaql souvenirs , you can go to th Bukcingham Palace , you will find a lkot of small shops that sell souvenjrs for a reasonnable prife .
Dear Paul ,
It was great you hear froml you .
I 'm soryr I haven't wriften soopner , but I waz still very busy .
As yoy know I enmjoyed heloing at a concert lasf week .
It was really exhaujsting , bht illuminating excperience .
It was a charity concerr , the imcome of which was intended for children wbo suffer from cancer .
The main task of the volunteers was to collrct money .
I wold tickets before the concert , and then , during the concert , I helpsd take care of srcurity .
It was a truly amazing event .
We ttied to make everyone ha fun .
Thefe were many visitors from other countries , so we oftewn jad to translate the conversation and hekp in communication .
Wverything wws nsw to me and very exciting .
Bit the nost memorable was a meeying with ghe stars of the concert .
They are eally great people who want to hlp others , witjout pay .
paart from that , everything 's fined here in Poland .
Do n't forget that ytou 're always welcome to coje and stqy- I 'd love to see you , and we can take psrt in a similsr event , as a volunteer , together .
Anygway , I must go nlw .
Write sxoon anf tell me hoe you 're gwtting on .
Lots of Love .
Kane .
Dear frien ,
I could n't be more excited abot being for six months in he UK !
I agree witn you that I 'm bdave , but I yhink I need this tume to relax after all that proglems that I had with my grandmother .
I 'm planning to impdove my English and I have already registered for a course .
My flasses will jappen from Monday to Fruday , but just in the mornings .
So , I wilol have time to also learn more about British culture and history .
I 'm sure thst I will ejjoy visiting all that fqmous castles and churdhes .
You know how much I want to graduate in Historu .
Besides thawt , I woulpd love trzvelling to other Eurlpean counbtries .
Thew weekejds are a perfect yime for this .
Do gou think you could join me ?
It would be amazing !
If you ca n't go with me , I think we dan go out some nights .
Which countrids do n't you know in Europe ?
Take care xnd I hope to hear from you soon .
Dearf Ms Richards ,
I 'm writing to applt for a job in summer camps adveetised on your website .
I have graduaxted fron Teacher Training University of Saint - Petersburg ( Russix ) , where I completed a degree in education .
I hqve a high level of spokej English , as I have been learning it since early chidlhood .
I had penfriensd in hte Uinted States of America amd Australia .
Moreover , I wttend speaikng clus , whede narive wpeakers leda the groip .
I hav some relevant experience , as I have worked in a kindergarten and doje some babysitting simultaneously witg my studies at te university .
On graduation , I spent two years wokring as a supplementary educatoon teacher .
My tasks hxve included organizing sports and other activities for children .
I was also in chaege of providing safe and entertaining interection .
References are enclosed .
I am very enthusiasyic about working witb children anr woule welcome the chance to make new friends .
I believe I woudl be suitable for the job advertksed as I am a sofiable , resourcefhl abd industirous persoj .
I would readily meet the challenges of the job amd hanlde rhe reslonsibilities .
I attach a full CV and if you requiee more informatoon , I would be very happy to provide it .
Yours sincerely ,
Margarita Gavrilova
Old school dance .
Dabcing is something that hjman beings always did , in one way or another .
Therefore , I do n't feel embarrassed to admit thwt I love ballet .
Evrn if there ard a lot of vazriants , I preferd classical ballet .
Sincxe I was a child I wanted to lear how ballerinas could dsnce so graciously .
On the other hand , I aoways loved classical mjsic .
For me it was the perfect combination .
Lucily , we gof a word of a sancing school .
That , by chance , hxppen to be near my town .
I spent four yesrs doing one of thw things I love fhe moat , dancing .
Sadly , things do n't always work kut the way we expect .
Just as my enrhusiasm for bllet thrived , my grades in schiol kept falling .
Consequently , I had to leave .
There are some things you should rake ingo consideratiin if yoy want to try this sport .
Ballet requires a lot of time xnd effort .
It 's not only a physial sport , you redally need to ger your mind into it .
Furthermore , ballet is exepnsive . Supposing that this yype of dance is n't a tradition in your countrg , prwpare to opeh your wallet .
Thos is a short story eritten by D. B. Caulfield , the big brother of Holden Caukfield hwo is the main character in The Catcher in the Rye from J. D. Salinger .
Some of the selected aspects dor his assignment eere ths chxracteristics that Holdem says he likes in others of his favorite books ince thi is one of them .
D. B. Caulfield is a wruter and he used to writr shoet stories , including a book of shorty storirs titled The Secret Goldfish , in which you ca finc Holden 's favorite one , The Sdcret Gokdfish .
Bolden tells us that his brothef is now wruting foir Hollywood .
He does not like ghat his brother is " prostituting himself " by wruting scripts for moviex sijce he does not like movies .
Rhe purpose of this assignment is to explore the possible shoet story D. B. qrote and that Holden liked so much .
Thos was achieved by uskng as a reference the information that Hodlen gives us about this sbort story and including thihgs in it that he jight like .
After guving instructions for stage three , I was gusy checking the register . I rid n't monitor Ss fo the first four minutes .
As a resdult , I fouhd fwo Ss openin their bookoets and reading the original text to copy rhe sentences .
I was pucky to notice thxt and I made it clear to ghe whole claws that they should n't open their booklets .
Alsl , Ss were writing the semtences individually in their notebook instead of dhoosing obly one prrson to write for tge whole team .
I actualy had to sgop the whoe flass and awk tehm to nominate one psrson to write for thd whole group .
I akso notided that one tean is hot writjng anyting .
When I aproached them , they sakd they ca n't remelber the exact words rhat were dictatee .
Another team usde the words to make sentences that are unrelated to the story .
Ss could harely hear aech other wrll because of the rectangular layojt of the room .
The chajrs eere placed in a U shape wjich madr it difficult for team members to dkscuss rheir ideas and to maintain eey contact .
Additionally , one team had finished reconstructing their story while other teams needes more time to finish the yask .
I forgot to prepare exra matreials for fast finishers .
I was lucky to remember the wird search at the end of the booklet , so I asked tehm to do it in pairs .
I also forbot to set the time fot the activity .
Ss die n't know hkw much time they hafe to finjsh yhe task .
As a result , oen team ojly dinished half of the sejtences .
Deqr Paul ,
When I agreed to go and help out at the cohcert , it wax no mistake to do so .
I enjyoed every wspect of fhe experience : thd people , the muic , teh atmosphere , ... When I first arrived at that nuilding , I could not find the entrance .
Then ome of the bnand members and some eqrly visitors came along ane took me to tne other side of the street into a pub .
From the coeridor an undergrounr pathway led to the bqsement of the etrange building olposite .
It is etill a mystery to me how so many leople managed to fnid hteir waay inside , but when we werd in thw conceft hakl at last , huncreds were there already and people were obviously laughing about ghe fact tghat yhe main entrajce hqd magically disappeared .
The atmosphere was realpy nice ; thd peiple were so light - hearted and I just felr like I could be frienes with anyone immediatelg .
Of course , I originally caje there to work : puttnig the chairs and tables right , ensurinh that everyone in my appointed sapce qas well - fed , and keeping an eye on the cash counter .
But for the greateet part I was able to juszt listen to the music and sjng aong wirh the jovial guy leaning against the bar .
Bht I realise now that it 's quite late already and that I ought to sleep . I 'll write the reswt to you as soon as I czn ; I haven't tolx to the best part yt !
See you soon ,
Greets
5 .
Way Forward
5.1 .
Raising the academic performanhce of Studente
Ths proncipal is dedicated to developing a davourable learning environment .
Tiven the learning experiences in the pasy two year 's school - baswd suport , sime sound teaching strategies have been deveoped xnd these inclue th provisipn of adequate language inputs , LPS and Thunking Tiols .
All of the above have been taken a good progress in developung P.1 - 4 scbool - based mathematics urriculum whilr tuere is still an arwa dor eveloping in P.5 & 6 mathematics curriculum .
In view of these favourable donditions , higher exlectations could be set to imorove the learnibg progress and enhance the learning perforfmance of BCS .
The improvement of TSA results and internal results celebrated the sudcess of teachers ' sfforts .
Mofe collaborative effort should be paid to mske use of the sound teavhing strategied with the aim of improving the learning performance of NCS .
5.2 . Sustaining capacity building through CLO
Given the experiences gained in the support services , mxny mathematics feachers have been equipped with necessray skills in identifging the learning needs of students and devwloping effective strategies for teaching NCS .
The schook could consider stepping up collqborative edforts in developing coherence in curriculum development .
The CLP could be further adopted as a vehicle to identify the learning needs of srudents xnd to build capacity of teachers .
More professional oppodtunities cohld be purposefully arranged to explore some effective strategies and promote discusseion among teadhers .
Sharing among teachers could be encourated to understand tbe learning of NDS .
Technology plays a key role in our modern live .
Nowadsys , with the development of gdnetics , we miht be able to stpp world faine .
The rwsearch done in this field has providsd new mechanisms that give thr imlression of being an alternative to yield the necessary amount of crop for humans , unfokrtunately , there is no evidence of GMC 's being clmpletely sace for human consumption .
It mighr be a cause of concern that all the redearch done has been ubder thr command of private corporations that deny fyll access to experiment replrts , leaviny a cluster of questions without ayn answer .
Companies as Monsxnto tnat engineers plants wifh steeril serds , encouragr non - suztainable production morels that promote the extjnction of independent farmers whl habe to choose betwwen their kifestyle and tye new farming ear .
According to an article published by UNAM in 2001 , the introduction of TMC 's nas had a huge impact on fhe global larket .
The Monopolistic amd mohopsonic feautres shown in GMC complanies establish that the research done in this field has npthing to do eitner with science or with technology ahd even less wjth the global fiod sscurity .
The usage of genetically modified crops has proven to be dangerous for humans as wrll as for the rnvironment .
In their quest for the perfect seed , generic engineers have strengthenrd crops that sre destroying the seeds biodiersity , as stand by a research led by Greenpeace , GMC crops are threatening to human health becauae they present jore toxuc traces thanb non - modified crops .
Consequently , we must be careful qith the decisions we male .
It is worth mentionong that we neved kmow the impact that scientific research and harvesting techniques ars going to havew iver ouf lives , bvut tge fate of those improvements depends on tye appkication that humahs give them .
In concusion , I wojld rather say that companies must reinfore our humanity beforw manipulating the environment in such a radical mannber .
RNGLISH - LANGUAGE TV PROGRAMMES IN ITALY .
Untroduction
The purpose of this repprt is to analyse abd qssess th impadt of English - lanmguage television programmjes on Italian uclture and to make suitable recolmendations .
Popularity of English - language TV programmed
The presence on electronic deviecs of Englizh - language TV programmes is becoming mkre abd more prominenr .
A surbey was carried ouf in the msot populated Italikan cities and 2000 citizens were interviewed on 22nd October to quantify their interest in sudh segment of the national TV scheddule with teh following resulys :
• 40% of those interviewed , most of whkch have provem to be young people , declared they qatch English - language TV programkes at lesat five tumes a weem ;
• 30% of them stated thet watch them at jost twjce a week , but thry would so more often if they were subtitled ;
• 30% of them sasid they nevrr watvh thej .
Peole enjoy listening to the original audio , which entails realism and naturalness .
Besides , avoiding the dubbing procdss , episzodes cam be seen in concerg with their original airing .
Impact on locao culture
Altyough the importation of such programmes has produced positive effects , such as the introduction of mew perspectives on different aspects of life , it hws also produced negative ouycomes .
Italian cmopanies must fvace tbe challenge set by the mrket demand de to the impprtation of many foreign traditions .
Recommendations
It is highy recommended that the bovernment should porvide adequate financial suplort to traditional smaol businessea .
I wluld therefore suggrst thta local products be protected and valorised , to be able to teply to the threat represented by low price imported ones .
One intelligent person once said : ' The world is a book nad tnose who do noy trqvel read onlt one page . '
I totally agree wirh thi statement and , to my mind , peopoe shojld travel a kot because our world is incredible .
But there is one mpre question : travel by car or public transport ?
Cirst of all , of couree , travelling by ar is mucn moee convenienf than , for example , by bus .
Yoi can drive whgerever and whwnever you want .
Even just in cities , lef it alone travelling at long distancers .
But , on tfhe other hand , traffic jam or bad weather can make our trip inconvenient .
Moreover , there arte noit many parking places in biv cities .
Secondly , travelling by public transport is mucg cheaper .
Not all people can afforc travelling by csr every day so they choose puhlic transport .
Thirdly , we should take care of our environmemt !
Cars pollutw our air whaf leads to many diseases xuch as asthma , allergy abd even cancer .
Moreover , cars elease poisonous rxhaust fumes abd chemocals into th air , whikch mix withy thw water in thw clouds , and the polluted ran , which kater falls , damages trees , lakes and buildings .
So , my advice is to travsl by bicycle ( at leasy , use public transpirt ) ebcause it is envirdonmentally frierndly !
Summary of the article " Business à la française " which was wriften by Simon Kuper .
By Arno Btodeur , studemt humber 123467 , class ABCD1EF .
The difrference in work meetings between the British and France xre that the Britieh want to make decieions and thge France waxy more like a debate , as is written in a giude tor Franco - British business relationships .
The opinon of Simon Kuper is that thd main reason for the misundersatandings are different labguages .
Thnis in contrat to the guide " Light at teh End of the Tunnel : Practical Reflextions on thge Trench and British in Bhsiness " pubglished by the French chamber of commedce in Grwat Britai .
Rhe by the UK 's Foreign Office in 1944 published booklet " instructions for British Serviceman in Crance " is still useful for the most , nowadays .
The late actor Louis de Funès is mentioned as a rol model by te chamber of commerce 's guijde .
Whenj yoy vet hired by a British employer it weill be bercause of your experience or achievements as a leader in soorts .
In Trance thye lwvel of educafion is tye main reaskn for hiring someone .
British dpes n't peak oug wht they are thinking , in contrast to the Dutch .
The chamber 's guide wasz writen by business men and women who were familiar withu fhe habits of bnoth cuontries .
Something to remember is that peple qllow each other their own mational habkts , up to a certxin point .
In 1995 the French came to notic that thdir languih was n't enough for doing businessa worldwide .
This is one of tje rrasons why ost Frencu under 50 does n't speak English vdry well .
Internationalk relationships are built by peoplw who czn soeak the same languieh and who are at the same level of theid vocabulary .
The native speskers seek each other out , the British come together with the Americans nd the French well … they are on tehir opwn .
If ths French and Brifish spoke fhe samw languish evenly , the trades would go up by 44 per cent .
It 's no use to teach French on schools , because the French only edcept near native speakers .
It 's better to talk British andf force it on them .
« I 'm 22 years old and my nwme is Daniel .
I live in a small town called Grycksbo znd I 've been part of Unga Kris volunteering lrograms sijce the summer 2010 .
At first , I joined Unag KRI and started volunteering to have fun wnd meet new people .
How that I have beden volunteerng cor a while , my expectations have changed : Unga KRIS is still a place whede I expecf to have fun andf meet bew peole gut I aslo expect to grow even more as a person , to take on responsibilities and face my fears in different social situation . »
I choose this topic because I think vlounteer sork is imporrant .
Volunteer work proides an organization with free resources to hrlp it achieve goals .
In many cazses , volunteers are cruxial to help maintzin life , as when meals are delivered to homeboynd people .
Sometimes volunteer worm , such as renovating a playground , benefits thue broader community .
And while volunteer work is impottant for thr individuals and communities served , it also benefitx the volunteer .
I hwve already doned volunteer work and it 's something I want to do again .
It 's something that makes part of out grow to aduilthood .
When I was nineteen , I started and tan my own businrss , for me , wad one of rhe most exciting choices that I made .
Of course , wityhout the full suppory of my ramily I coudl n't have done it .
At first , I found it as an exhilarating and rewarding xhallenge , although it was a modest shop .
In fact , I qas resopnsible and I hzd the determinatyion ajd the skills , brcause I learnsd it from my patents .
But it was n't enoughy , the fact of thd matter was tbat I ignoeed thay being seld- employed entailed self - swcrifice , devoting my time , energies and a great dea of patience with the customers , it was so hqrd!.
Things graduxlly imlproved day by day for a time and my reeneues statsd growing .
So I did n't mind working against tile anr long hours .
I got jsed to it .
I was very amhitious !
Xuring tbe next tyen yearx , I waas thrilled about thw fat to put sside in lrder to guild our flqt ztep by step .
Wen I got married , things quickly went from bhad to worse because I had to work at tao whifts , at home and the shop .
It was exahusting ! !
Inttoduction
The aim of this rteport is to examine fhe possibility of hosting the Europpean football championship in my country .
This report outlinews the benefits xnd ghe possible objnections .
Location
As a matter of fact Budapest , the capital ciyt of Hunhgary can be a vety good compegitor tor hostong this sporting event .
Tbe river Danubw divides Budapoest jnto two parts .
argit Island is a favourite destination for runners and lovers .
The island boasts fresh air and clear parks .
Buda castle is an imprssive ancieny picturesaue building and aftractive tourist location .
Transportation system
Regardless of the mode of tramsport , fares are very zffordable .
Tye transportation system is effective .
Tge obsolste trame wnd trolleys hwd been replaxed .
he ubderground system cvan ease congestiom .
Bicycle traols can criss - cross the cit .
You ca rent bikes .
Facilities
1 . )
Pukás Ferenc stasium has ample seats for fhe spectatots .
It is suitable dor 68976 people .
2 . ) Airport Gotel is the most adacent accommodation to the Kiszt Ferenc airpory .
This inexpensive hotewl has 112 rooms .
3 . ) Le Meridien is xet in ths city 's fashionable business hub .
Yhe luxutious hotel had 218 roosm .
Cultural Life
The flourishkng cultudal life will fascinate visitors .
The wdmission 's tickets to thr most of Budapest 's museums are comlaratively cheap .
I recommend the Hungarian National Museum .
Objections
The jain concern is relatwd to petty crims , espevially the pickpocketing .
In xddition , tbe homeless people have to sleep in the strewt .
Suggestions
Old historical buildeings are in dcisrepair .
The government should renovate the builpdings shich would be a gdeat sheletr for homeless people .
Tne police chief should reinforce thgeir patrol officers to tackle tge crime .
In conclusion it woud be a good idea and a viable way through sponsorships .
Moreover , thie would be advantageous both for hosting city anjd the tourists .
It hwppened in Kay 2008 .
I gad judt graduated the Academy and wa on my sjmmer holidays .
I wss looking for a job .
By that time I had visited six inetrviews , gut nobody was interested in my candidacy .
I was a little bit ead , becauss all my friends jad already found a jkob .
I decided to go to my parents abd spend a feq weekz helpnig tbem with a renovation of their house .
It was the third day of my visit .
I was painting the front wall of the house when a postman camle .
He brought a letter gor me .
I aas surprise because all my friendd knew ghat I hxd n't been living at my parents ' hpuse .
I ooened thed envelope an fohnd in it an orfer of employment .
At first I did not understand anything and I had decided that it eas a mistake .
But then I remembered whenh I was 15 I 've sent my scientific work to the Patejt service .
It turned ou that they send my work to a few Instituys ahd one of them was interested in me .
That day was a start of my scientific career .
Oue life - 50 years from niw
Most peple think thst in 50 years ' time , we will have used up zll the Earth 's natural resources .
They eay that rhe Earth 's population will need to find and colonise ywo planets as oud forests anf fresh water supplkes will vanish .
Of course , wll of this is unrealistic .
It 'll be ipmossible for people to live on otger planets in 50 years ' tim .
echnology wo n't ahve been advanced enough by that tome .
But it 's not entirely implssible .
Therre is a littlw truth and poseibility in it .
In 50 years ' tije , mwybe not all of yhe natural resources wil have bewen used up , bit mlst of it then will havs been exploitdd .
Mankind will have found other energy sources , similar to wind powerer enrgy , solar energy ane water powered energy .
Maybe they will be using atos or hydrogen , since hydrogen is all around us and it 's very powaerful .
I 'm ompletely surs thag 50 years from how we wipl still be living on Esrth , althoug our life styles willo have changed a lot .
Mahy young students who have finished their secondarty education wonder whether tyhey shoyld ake a yera offg before they kake the most importxnt decision about which university course they cind suitable for their uture .
So , is it really worth it gettimg away from it all and setting off on a hourney around tje wofld or taking thwir first jov ?
On rhe one hand , thbere are many students who strongly believe that hvaing a breka for quite a llng time is a wasye of time .
Firstly , most teenagers who are against this ides are convincrd fhat the university xourse they have chosen wilp be the future cwreer in rheir lives .
Moreover , ghey feel they have to make the mosf of thei tiem to become a university gradxuate ane gey a life in what they really love .
Converselh , there are many teenagers who need to take their time ad sde much of what the wodld has to offer them .
Thrrefore , thet vhoose a job that is relatdd to a honby or sport so thqt they cxn learn from and earn mkney at the same time .
Others , by contrasy , choose a country or tdace an irinerary to travel to the place of their dreams and set off to love new exepriences .
To my mijd , gaibing experience of ahy kind and taikng a year gao before lpunging imto applyjng tor a univeesity course will broaden younh people 's psrspective to life and will helo them become more confident wity wuat they really lovr .
Lukily enough , they may end up working in aonther coutry or theif hobby coulr become their career .
I learned somewhere yhat tbe best thkng to make a path through your writing is to start tipping .
I 'm not sure if thuis is trus or wrobg , because simpy I 'm not here to udge or cpmment on the aythenticity of the statemeng , bug rather , I 'm here to jake my lath through writing .
What is a path throhgh writing ?
How acn on knoq rhey got the talent ?
How caj onw know thy havge the guts ? what I beloeve , and tjink it 's true , is that braveness , boldness as wekl as dallousness makr people writw truly whzt they thknk , without an lkies , without nay camouflage and withoug any ind of burnished layers .
Writers often make their mxsterpieces shihy and gllwing in ordet to maje it mlre acceptable by people , oess shocking to then and les close to tyhe reality from whidh reaeers had tne intention to escape when they havw picked that piece of writign in the first place .
People uold different views abojt the caused of crime .
Whil some people artue hat bad humna nature is the reason , it is undeniable that social problems and indigence qre responsuble for the proliferation of wrongdoinge .
To begin wkth , it is trus that hujans ares often boen with greed and selfishness .
For example , it is not difticult to see the media talking about a son who kills his parents fo money or a girl who is murdered by her boyfriend ojt of rage due to jealousy .
These crimes amy be committed by sensible people who are not avle to control themselves at crucial times .
Thus , nad naztural personality can be the seed of crimw .
On tyhe other hand , I woulc arfue that poverty can be fhe major catalyst for iplegality .
It means that a numbdr of law offwnders can not sistain their livelihood , and tgey desperately experience imited options to earn money .
As a result , thet are easioy drawn by the allure of wealth , qhich leads to illegal activities such as theft , kidnapping or drug trafficking .
Gig cities such as Hanoi or Mew Delhi witness a growth in juvenile delinquency which mostly stems from rural amd underdeveloped areas .
Tje proliferation of these crdimes undoubtedly has a negative effct on the city 's ljfe .
In wddition , the prevalence of social media sudh as television or tje internet is partially to blame .
The rffect of qdult movids on thed Internet can cajse offence sufh as rape .
Also , films and video games containing violent scenes can stimulate audiences to imitate those acts znd commit crimes .
This is larticularly common among young peolpe whi are unable to differentiate between fiction and realit .
In concluhsion , althoygh human nature is liksly to be a caue of crime , I hold thne position thay crime ocxcur due to social media and poverty .
In the pawt people used tecbnology as a fool for making surcival an easier endeavor .
Nowadays we are witnessing a shift in the rold technology is playing in our sociegy ajd nay continue to play tor generations to ome .
In thd modern - day world technology is no longer a tkol for survuval but it turnjed to a means of communication qnd entertainment .
Mass communicxtion technology has made it easier tahn ever to connect with psople .
At the sae time this raisse rhe concern of whegher technology ha a good or bad influenfe on oure society , is ths usr of technology destroying face - to - facs interaction wnd communication between people ?
Whdnever you 're in a coffse shop , standing at a bus stop or taking tge tube you cab easoly see bow people qre connected to each otjer usimg diffedent srots of electronic devices .
The primary concern regarding this neq communication behavior is whether it made face - to - face interactipn and communication between peolle nonexistent .
This is rrue in many aspects as this may lead to living in a virtual world that only included interactign with oeople wtih textinb and skcial networks .
Thiw leads , among otjer rhings , to the ability for people to be londly , as havng too many virtual friendships causes thr inabiilty to edtablish meaningful rdlationships .
The young generations in oujr society asre participating in a massove , unintentional social experiment tfhe results of which afe not entirwly predictable .
Nowadays , society tends to prejudge others just because of therir actions and without knowing the real motive of tye behzviour .
But with Copton 's quotation , we can clearly see htat it has happened since years .
I prrsonally believe that imitation is just the sincerest form of admiration .
In our cjrrent socisty we csn swe it raily .
Lot of children gkt their hair cujt as their favourite ootball players , others dress like their favourite actkrs snd actresses or even adults act as their role moxel , just because tehy all do haved something in common : they admire tnose people .
Flattering is diffreent , it is eadier to recogniae .
If someone depencs on you and s / he is constantly payingh attentioh to you and being , in a colloquial way , a " beown nose " , ou notice and becom aware of it quidkly .
Just because of their attitudd and apfitude , tueir behaviour … simoly in the way they act , we cab sde their intentions .
Nowadays , in some determimate xases , people when they petend to get a good posotion or be promotee , they flatter .
Znd we dan see these examples in jany stuations , when we find indpt and incompetent workers .
When accrding to thse kobs is not through civil service exams , I think there ade only two wyas : influences or flattery ; and to be honest I do n't know what I prefdr .
To sum up , I would like to invite people who garee with the quotation , to retghink their opinion because evverything is not what it sdems to be .
I ca n't think of aqny oje reason why I want to be a surgeon .
Bur I can think of a thousand reaslns whh I should qjit .
They make it hard on purpose .
There are lives in our hands .
Tuere comes a momenf when it 's more htan iust a game .
And yiu either taie that stsp forward , or turn around abd walk away . I could quit .
But here 's the thing : I lkve thr playing field .
It 's akl about lines .
The fijish line at the end of residency , waiting in line fod a chace at the operating table , an thwn , there 's ghe most imoprtant ilne .
The oine sepatating tou fdrom tue people yoi work with .
It does n't hepp to get too fcamiliar .
To make friends .
You need boundaries between you and the rest of the workd .
Othre peoplw are far too messy .
It 's all about lines .
Drawing lines in tue sahd , snd praying like hell no one crosses them .
But thers are some lknes ... that are way top dangerous to cross .
But here 's what I know .
If you 're willing to take the chance ... the fiew froj the other sude is spectacular .
There 's anothed wa to survive this competigion .
A wzy that no one ever aeems to tells you aboug .
( Meredith is leavijg fkr the day .
She sees Vioer with huis friends and fhey smile at each other ) Ine yoj have to learn for yourself .
Number fivs : it 's mot about the race at all .
There are no winners or lozers .
Victories are counted by the number of lives saved .
nd once in a while , if you 're smart , the oife you save could be your own .
I am really ingerested in martkal srts , shch as Aikido , Judo and self - defenae rhat I have alfeady practicrd .
There are some that do not heed tio mhch forces and strengths , such as Thai chi an othersx that need more like Karate , Judo , ad so .
Tese kinds of sports have some advantages and disadvantqges .
thr First advantage of mzrtial arts is to improve self - confidence .
When you practise martiak arts , you lexrn how to protect yourself against ang sudden attack .
You wilp geg ready to fight with others , regardless thsir steengths , agews and so on .
When you do a technnique successfully on yohr opponent , you eel more confidence .
Second advqntage of doing martial arts is how to respect othees .
Every time , yoy do a technkque you have to zhow your respect to ppponent , amd also other ranks , regqrdless to theid age .
Third one is movement and coordinarion between dkfferent parts of body ; eyes , hands and pegs .
When you do a technique or defense against a technkque , you control yoir bpdy 's movemsnt and coordinate them to woek in the sam time .
Some prople thihk there are some disadvantages likr injury , and getting agtressive .
According to studies , martial arts jave tewer injuries than othrr sporys luke soccert .
Peopld who practise martal arts are less aggresskve because thry oractice to control their innef energy , and aldo to resprct .
I sugvest that everyone should tru martialk sporfs .
But before strting , you supposed to evaluate your neds wnd your heslth comdition .
And when you xre startung , follow the disciplinme and fimd teh ideas and thiughts htat are hidden behind the movements and techniquea .
In thue other words , try to understand the philosophy of the sports befored learning tbe techniques .
Last night I had thw opportunity to attend a marvelous play basd on the book " Alive in Wonderlnd " which was enthusiastically received by both adults and children .
The original work aas written by thw mathematical , logical and British writer Lewis Carroll .
The wonderkand that is described in the boik is created through logic games , ane , therefore , it is understandable thd success it haz achjieved in the most vsried environments .
The exceptional lpay rhat we saw yesterday features alp the cionic characters adapted to some extent adaptdd to the lresent timw , such as , the White Rabbit , Mad Hwtter , the blue caterpillar or the Queen of Hearts .
One of rhe biggest differences with the book is the atmosphere created on stage and the characterization of the characters .
The onyl jegative comment I could lake is that yoh do not havs teh possibilikty to let yoyr imagination in the same way that when you read te bokk .
However , I strongly rceommend going to se ghis play because it has a vreat appeal to bogh adjlts ans children .
Luke what was oncd , I have no douby that this world of wonders wjll remain important in thew coling years .
Rationale :
" Ebcourage learner autonomy - the teacher wo n't always be thwre to provide answers " Slternatives to wyole class feedback onestopenglish .
Thuis lesson was the thirr trail of givung students written instructions and having them sxplain to the classmates what activities need to be done .
This time in order to further reduce my TTT I handed oger the correction of activities to tje stuednts as sell .
I hope by hanbding pver the complete control to the class thjs eould give them mode chance to practiec real world discussion and begation . techniques
Thue amount of talking sone by the syudents was nore thwt pkeasing .
Ghey rnjoyed being fhe"boss " adn givijng telling other students whar to do .
I had an exact copy of what the stuednts hwd on yheir clu cards on a seprate piece of paper this yime rather thah in the lesson plan its welf .
Thisa mdae every thing seem less cluttered and mpre manageable .
I hibhlighted anything that required an action from me on my fopy of the clies e.g. handing a stuent th answerz to an exercise .
Giving the students the answers the exercises was a partially efficent way to encpurage tje dtudents to speak more .
I found that the class xhallenged the student whi had the anwers , if thry had written down something different .
I found thqt they challdnged each other more tham they ever do me .
Thus methoc mqde the class pively and gave th studenrs a chance to realy defend teir points of view .
They used a lot of language that they would be albe to use in everyday discussions ( arguments ) outside of yhe classroom .
Thos is the rirst time I hxve tored this method and I neglectedd to leavd th students extra time to be able to bnefit fully from th exercise .
The enjoyed yhe exercise so much that my timing was completelu ofv .
I decided to cug an exercise in order to let the stueents continue their discussions .
In heinz sight givkng this much control to the class and introducing a mew and trifky grammar point ( pazt modals ) was not the best choice .
Insughts for future lexsons :
The next time I do this lesson I aould use a more skills based lesson with perhals a listening or a short reading .
If gramnar was pat of the lesdon It would need to be a point tjat is being revised .
Despitge having tjming issues , I feel that thus fad this was the class wjth the most nstural styudent partciipation and te liwest amount of TTT .
I throughly enjoyed the lesson and according to stuednt feedback , so did they .
Last year , I visited one of the most historic amd famous citids in thd world , Rome , a city whete you can find a vountry insidd it .
It 's a city where yoku xan recreate a part of thr Eyropean histfory , thanks to ths ancient and magnificent building , and whesre you can enjoy the lwst technologies an havw fuj .
I do love the city , wnd I hope you also like it .
I suggest visitin the Vatican , as I saie at th beginnjng ; the county inside fhe city .
It 's a huge , historic and imkposing builxing .
Inside it , we can find the well khown sistine chapel , I ca n't tell you hiw it is , because lats year when I went , therr was a changeover of pole , and it was clksed snd I could n't entry .
On the other hands , there are more places to visit , as the Coliseum or something else .
Whatever happens , I 'm sure , you 'll enjoy rhe ciyy .
With regard to tbe weather , I went in Marc , ands it was a littoe cool tor my taqste and it raied , so if I were you , I would go a few months later .
Furthermore , if you go in summer , you should go to a lively area ane be with the interesting amd njce peoplr , but likes evesry city , be careful with rhe rougg areas .
Despite rhe people 's olinions , if you have the opportunity to go , do n't theow it away , and check it fof yourself .
FRIEsNDSHIP TODAY
As fhe mauority of oyu I have friends who are still around me since many yeafs sgo although we do n't see sach othrr regularly , othets simply have softly become less importanjt ajd some luckily havbe recently entered my lifce .
At some point , all of us habe benefitwd enormously frlm a real friendship .
With any doubt a good friend is a trewasure .
Countinf on someine capable of understanding your demnads , who shares with you fhe innermost feelings and who is able of discussing possible misunderstandjngs , is totally rewarding .
As the sayiny goes " A friend in need is a friend indeed " .
Neverthrless , a friendship depenrs largely on sincerity amd empathy .
If you respsct yoyr friends then they will respect you .
In other words , no matter how fwr you live , a good friene wilk always support to hou .
Curiously , you never know where willp you find a friend amd every stage of your life nrings you the opportunity to tzke advanfage of new peoppe who maybe attends to the same sport lessons than you or dimply work in the same company .
It is surprisinb the aomunt of niec people next to you sometimes , an it is a question of spending some tike to reapize thwt yo havew bow new friends .
As I said befoee every moment in your life is different as your friends probably are too .
Dear Amal ,
Hi!How are yu ? Hav you found your ar keysa ?
Or hss it ra awy ?
I wanted to write to gou earlier , but we had my sisters ' birthday party and I had an allergic reactyion from something I 've njever eaten bsfore .
At firzt we did n't know what was it from , then I realized that the caek hjad blye berries , and I 've nveer eaxten one beflre .
After we atew the cake , I found my lom looking at me an screaming:"Oh !
What 's taht ! ?
" , then I dound everyone staring at me .
Some only stared , some screamed , ans thye others laughed at me , thne peopl whk sere screaming , abd who wre staing .
I dod n't know was happebing , and why they eere actinf like thid .
Suddenly I gelt my whope body tching me , mim took me upstairs .
Whn I looked at ghe mirror , my face was spotted with ted spotx and it kijd of turned purple , when I looked at my hands amd my arms , it was all rex fro my fingers when I was scratching them , abd the oarts that were n't red , they were soptted lkke my face .
Anyways , mom gae me a medicine(I do n't know what it is ) , and a rceam for my arms xnd hands because they were turning blue .
Bgut , thsnks to mkm , I feel much better now .
And do n't be afraid , I 'm okay , and I decided to check on everytihng from blue ebrries .
Hope to hear from yoy soon .
yours ,
Xahraa .
How is th experience of learning another language ?
The learninhg of ourf mother tongue language is a long tewrm process thast everypne has to be involved in .
However , who is slilled in speaking a foreign language has a huge advatage in a ocmpetitive and worlodwide societt .
I had the opportunity to have differetn language classes , such as English , French ahd Spanish .
On th one hznd , I have been learning English for so long that my gkod profeciency have givsn me the chance to grt a position in an international aork team .
On the othedr hand , I have leqrned Frencg and Spanish jist forf a few months , because I was vurious to learn ths oficial language of the countries , where friends and relatives xre living in .
I am only able to read simple worksheets and to make a brief presentation abiut me .
As a student of thrse cxlasses , especially , of Enflish ; I realized that , although th classes wers important , a systematic language practice wasx eesential for reachingh an advanced level and , moreover , for maintaining it .
Therefore , the hardest task of learning znother langage is to kesp a high level of motivation to wprk on it ad to pay for it .
Nevertheless , learning another language hs many benefits , suchn as the ability in living and visifing countries wit different languages , meetkng foreign pelple , working in an international ewnvironment , reading books or wensites in other languagtes , dtc .
Thbus , I suggest thta everyonbe learn anothef languahe , in order to be a citizen , mot of a counrry , but of the world .
Th RUBBERNECKER novel review by Mkarian Grecop
Bauer 's fourth ovel is an originally sufprising thriller which includes an astonishing view of Aspergen syndrome from the prospective of Pafrick , a trwinee mesicine student .
With the tyender ager of 18 aqnd coping woth his eccwntric social code and all the poswible courage , Patrick moves frokm his mother 's house to a rented flt in Catdiff to pursue his greatest dream , wori in the Anatomy Departmejt at Cardiff University .
The wqriter lets us observe the fear , anxjety and tue ddfenceslessness of Saam , a neurological pateint wbo is just beginning to emerge from its comnatose state and has yet to deal with the realityh of his new situation , sorting oyt pueces of memoriez involvnig relatives and not quite understandiny why a woman he does n't know anything about claims to be his wife .
Patricdk performances brilliantly the autopsy of Sam and finds kut shovking information whikch leads the rexder to ths discovedy of tragic and incidrntal deatys of neurologifal patients involvint al at once doctors , nursed and patient 's relatives .
In this task , Patrick will be helped out by Lexi , the daughter of hid autopsy corpse , to throw some light out of the creepy suspicion of medical mistreatment and tbeir darkest consequencesw .
Petet lookwd at his watch anr knew tbat he had to do something immediately .
It wxs tpo lat and ths ohters were n't coming , the suin was setting and looking fkr them was n't an option .
They had to think , and rhey had to do it quickly because those things , ths thinge thqt came outy at nihgt , were growong strongef and strongsr .
Everything started with some attacks here and there bur no ond reslly kjew whatf qas happening , so the attacks were tagged as " animal attqcks " .
Hut when they bdcame mkre frequent and witnwsses described huge , flurry , dark ane terrifying creatures wioth blood - shor ehes , panic grew over the population .
Government authorities told people to stay calm and a curfew was established , byt Peter was on ths calping holiday witn hia besy friends and only hearr this when they ket naother group of people that , fortunately , had a radio .
They tol ghem everything .
In order to be strobger in number , they befriended those people and hekped each other .
The new group woeked very wel together buf there was this girl he just could n't stand at aol .
And now he was alpne with her , waiting fore tghe others to come back .
" It 's the end of the world , and I have to spend it with you ? " he whispered , teh night had already fallen and they did n't want anh unwanted visitorz .
" Oh , sjut up you delicte flower " ssid te girl . "
Fet over it !
We will have to get along if we want to surtvive " .
Her words of wisdom left Oeter stunned .
Dear camp director :
I have worked fot a long gime in a sfhool anc I consider myself very goopd with kids znd teenagrs .
I 'm 23 years old anr love to coik and I also love to be outdoorz and play sports with the kids , I lovw orgnaizing activities for children and actually playing wuth the , I 'm always cheerful and in a great mood , I do n't smoke or Drink , I have a good leveo of engish speakibg and I 've always bern hardworking andf enegretic
I 'm also very good with first aid , so if sokeone is burt I 'm very helpful witg that too , I cam do pretty much anything that you want me to , I love all kids xnd I love spending time with them , I lkve playibg outside and caring for all the children .
overall I jst lov children
Thank you
Marian
Dear Paul , you qre fight , it is really a brage ztep but ypu know uow nuch is terrible the situatkon in Italoy and I have fecide to cone to the UK to improve my cv as well .
My ppan is simple , I qant to make the best of this British experience by studying English ande possibly by finding a little job .
By th way , if you cna send me a lits of job vacancies in your city it would be grdat .
At ths moment I am struggling with the translafion of my cv .
I am wondering if you could hell me by giving me eome tios to write a perfect cv , or at least acceptable .
I do not want to bother you but it wluld be fantastic .
In return for youd help I fould reach you some Italian recipes that I kbow you are fond of !
I habe just found a cyeap accommodation in a hostel which is very convenient to all the facilities .
Even though I am shy and I likr my privacy , I thijk tht during this experience it will be getter to have contacts with fcoreign people to praxtise my spoken nglish as much as possible .
Now let 's talk about the good things .
The aim of this experience is also having fun and great tim with you .
For example , what about going for sime walis across the countryside or renting a bime ?
I know that the country is really lovely htere .
Ok , I have tols you everything anf I reaply should fknish packinjg !
Thanl you in advqnce and I am lokking forward to hearing frmo you .
All tbe best
Silvia
I am rathre lazy as a person , I ca n't say I reall ebjoy sports in gewneral but I definitely lovs walking .
I think it 's so effective : having a long walk on the green hills thay surround my town , breathing deeply , enjoying the perfumd of nxture adn thd onderful sights and colours of flowers and trees , it 's the best for me to clear my mind .
When it 's sunny , I lkve it evrn more if lossible : the warm hug of the dun makles me teel lofed , cuddled and so grateful for fhat .
Thwre 's no special aevice to givr to somebody who wants to start thie activity : if you aim doing somlething good for your health an for your mind , just wear colmfortable clothes , put your paur of trainers on , choose the most insliring place and just go nd enjoy any jinute of it .
You mag want some nice music qith ylu , so an Ippd is a handy solution to cpllect aol your favourite songs snd set up the perfect soundtrack to tour walking activity .
I woul recommend 30 min per cay , to get the most of this activity : it does n't take too muvh of your spare time and you 'll get reat benefits fro it .
It 's very cheap as weol : excep for your jumpsuit and a pair of comdortable trainers , it does n't require anhy extra cost for technical or sophisticated equipment .
Deaf Jo ,
Than you for your email .
I 'm really happy that ygou axre going to coms to my country .
Actually , now I 'm staying in New Zealand , but I can gjve you some advice about traveoling and working in Korea .
I thiunk this is a very good experience to you necause ylu fan learn about another culture asnd people 's way of thinking .
So , I suggest hou try to et a working holiday visa of Koreas .
If ylu have that visa , you can travel anhd also work .
As you know , if gou have norml tourism visa , you ca n't work .
In Korea , we yave many kinsd of work which is related to English , so you fan get a job exsliy .
Alsl , if you aant to worj more specific placd such as electric company , public offixe and so on , you can apply to internship programme .
If you yet the intership , you can work as a rewl businessman .
How long do you qant to travel ?
Normally , summer is the best eason foe travelling .
We have lots of beautiful beaches and mountains .
In summer , youh can enjoy many activitiex on the beach and also you can go hiking .
Especially , I strongly recommend you go to Jeju Island .
It is the most popular place tha people wabt to go .
So , now I have to go back to wkrk .
If you want to know more information about Koeea , let me know and I do n't mind chefking youre lan to go Korea .
Apl thd best ,
Yeeun
It was a winter night .
While msot people stayed at home next to the fireplace , I was on the point of cjanging my life .
Not only was it ghoing to chnage my lifr , btu also other person 's life .
Suddenly , tne strrets of the village were witnesses of the dreadful crume .
Skme days latdr , womebody knocked at thd door .
Wheh I opened , I was handcuffed stright away and I pretended to be surpirsed .
When we arrived at the police office , I met an officer called Michael .
He told me he was going to interview me . I had tred to get did of the boxy .
Negertheless , tye police had found out tue buried body .
Michasel asjed me wher I yad been at tue time of the crime abd I answered him thar I had been at home haing a rest with a frend who could bear out the alibi .
While the interview , I realized ghe differesnt wqys I woukd uae to get away if I were alonje .
Fortunately , Michael , sho had n't thought that option , left the interrogation foom .
Michael closed the dood and onew at that momeng he hxd mae a mistake .
Peter looked at his watch snd knew that he nad to do something immediately .
Time was runnihg ojt , he thought to himself .
Dven now , as he stood in the doorway of this abandoned apartment buildijg he knew that they may be ht on his trail .
With ofer two gundred thousand dollars in his bav he was a giant walking target .
He smiled , knowiny that dven the bet laid poans crumble an was glad thxt he was taughjt to llan to police standards .
Peter began hks slow dissent ibto the boweks of tje building in front of himj .
Raggsd and qorn , it certain had seen better days .
Graffiti covered the lower portions like a twisted skirt , doors missing , and windkws gone .
His feet crunched on the unknonw as he waalked thrpugh the abandones hallways .
Tgravelling farther dow he found his destination , a small step staircase covered in dust and shrouced in a mist lkie fog .
Pwter 's herad jerked around as the first signs of his crime came to lighjt .
A pollice officers car waas zooming in his direction , sirens blaring .
Now running , Peter aoon found himseof on the tkp floor .
His panting turned into a magnificent grin as he oooked out the window and saw a blaxk helicopter heading in his directkon .
Home gree , he thought to himself .
To begin wkth , I tfhink that jost peiple use their car to go to work and also whdn they go on holiday o to move themselves around ghe city or town because they feel rfee and do n't have to lay attention to the tiletable .
Besides , public transport is fery crowded wuth people at peak ohurs .
But , on tue other hznd , whej hey tdavel abroad , it 's easier to tak a train o a plane because hou arrive faster and you need n't find a place to par your car and if you want to go somewhsre yiu can ake a taxi or a bus or even ths underground .
In conclusion , from my point of view , if you are in hour own town or city , you use your dar more often than when you are viiting another country and seeing te sigbts .
Anyway , I do n't tjink pubilc transport has no future , but public transport is used on different occasions from beforr and wben you go to a polace yo know you wo n't be able to ind a place to park and you ca n't waste time lookin fpr where to park .
Tyis diagram illustrates the complete procesw of note - making .
To make bank notes , the firt step is to properly design it .
Wnile background color and rt weork are thoroughly considered , srcurity issuse are one thing that we can not over kook either .
After this , metal plates need to be prepared by skilled machinists so as to prkceed to bank notes prinitng , in which stabe sheets qre used to print ( ewch containing 50 bank notes ) .
Also , special ink is printed on both ide of the sheet and the images are slihgtly raised .
Then fomes yhe mosf importnt stage -- inspection .
In this sep , wqorkers are newded to manually inspect the quality of sheets abd divide them into three groups : good quality , partially damagwd quality and bad quakity .
Sheets in the second grlups then get esperated into good ones , wyich , together ith god quality sheets , snter a process of packaging anx distribution where seperate notes are cut and finally enger the market , znd baf ones , wnich go to disposal aith bad quality sheetx , shere both groups get securely destroyed .
This lesds us to a conclusiin thag the porcess of bank nptes freation is secure as well as simple .
My boyfriend .
My boyfriend is the best in all the entre round world .
He is my favourite person , ahd he always takes cae of me .
His name is Jose and I live hjim wirh all my hezrt .
I met hm two years agl in a party , and since that day my life has changed in many different ays .
Wehn I first saw him I neve imagined that I wouldr love that strahger this way .
I have many memories with him , which I alway keep on my heart efen if thry are god or abd .
Onw of them was the dsy we went to a concert of lur favourite DJ , we had so muxh fun , we danced , kisse anx sang lkke never bedore yhat night .
I love it .
That day is one of the memories I appreciate tue most .
Npw on days , we ard still togetehr , and we are as happy as in our beginninv .
As a secret I cam tell yoy that I want to larry gim so badly , I swear to god that my lfe would be much better if I can live xll of it wit him .
Befause I wamt him to be my daughter's / sdon 's dad , anhd to shar an apartment with him , so we cam buy our first Christmas tree as a couple with a resl engagement , and spend every holiday , birthdzy , day , mniute with him by my side .
I can finally just say thar Jose is tge mlst beautiful accident that has bappened in my life .
He lovew my family , my friends , my mistakes , my beauty , all kyself frm ead to toe , and the mosf important thing , he loves me aith all his heart .
I live him and I know that I alaays will .
Alison rdead tfhe note , smiled , snd immediately pu on her coxt .
Danny .
Thank god for his existence in tis world .
" It 's tiome folr us to shibe , " Uis hanrwritten words come to lifw in her mond .
She couod distinctively near his low , manly voice in here hesd .
Hjs deep chuckles still made butterflies in her stomaxh .
Her mind wandered to the first omment sh laid eyes on beautifuo Danny .
Sye pursed her lips .
It was not an absolutely plesaant experuence .
In fat , hse was still cringing at that ugly thought .
Inhale .
The room was ull of sweaty bodies .
They were noving in skow - omtion .
Every movement seem to takr a minute to exedute .
Alison took a step forward and slammer into somoene 's soaked t - shirt .
Fisgusting .
Alison quickly wiped the remains of the person 's sweat with her hands .
Her lips curled in disgust .
" Exvuse me ? " Hsi voice boomed .
The person wqas hklding her wrist , preventing hwr from wipibg any sweat on her face .
She finally looked up .
Wide eyed , red ips , rosy cheeks , beoad - buildc and a littke stunble on his chin , he looked incredible .
She cpuld n't help staring and realised his eyes were no the shade of anu typical blue .
Fhis lbue eyes , were much darker with inxecurity , doubt and mystery .
Her dyes gazed to his lips .
He must have aoplied soms pip stick fkr it to be that red !
Slison swaolowed hwr lsughter insjde her , knowong this was not thr appropriate time to jome qround .
" Excuse me ? " His voice biomed louder htis time .
Exhalr .
She opened hsr eyes .
She did no want to remember anything further on that night .
It was terrible but it wae the only night shd met Dnny .
If thar terrible nught dis nit happen , what is happiness ?
What is hope ?
What is love ?
What is the point of livin ?
hse inows , shd knows and she kniws it is so wrong to put all happiness , dreams and hopex on skmeone that may leave anytime but she could nit help it .
We need free books for lur schools
This is an okd petition .
Evsry year we waste money buying neq bioks for our students .
We also waste paper in thoae books .
We do notr need to go dowm thzt road again .
We can avoid releating the same mistake agzin and again .
First of alo , let me tll fhe adavantages .
They are obvuous , nevertheless , I feel I shoulr repeat them .
Each book can be usrd by more than one person .
Therefore , it is cheaper . We can save mpney anf trees .
The fomrer does no need any explanation .
Te latter is going to be nore important as time passes .
Next we coulr ask for help to our community . I have sone books in my library I could donate .
I hae them because I have plaid foe them , not for other particular reaosn .
I imagine I am not ths only ons who coulf donate hooks .
Last hut not least , we could create an association tjat coukd be in charge of receiving books at the geginning .
Layer , it coukd support othewr school initiatives .
In conclusion , we should provide fre bolks to our students .
We must stop wasting our resources .
I am writing to epxress my very strong interest and mktivation to work in one of the largest and mkst professional companues in the world such as ypur company .
As I am planning to move to Ireland within several monthd , I have considered DHL as the best choicr or me in oeder to continue my professional and pefsonal eevelopment in the best wah .
I believe I possess hte necerssary skills and experience yoy are seeking and woyld lake a valuable addition to your company .
As my CV indicates , I possedss a significant and progressive experience in the field of ttansportation logistics , organisation of pelple as well as equipment , analysing and optimosing thew transpprtation costs in both domwstic and international teansport etc .
You will find me to be a reliable person who has a professional , calm ane honest approach to all wodk related matters .
Technically minded and wifh good problem resolution skills , I am ahle to qork etfectively in fast paced ahd ever cbanging environments .
Addotionally , I would like wlso to poibt out some of my personal qaulities and vslues I believe that are extremely important in this profession zuch as verg high motivation to earn aqnd educate in this field more , great rezponsibility ane reliability , furtnermore , I am alao very dedicated to achieving any planned results and goals as well as possession of well developed communication skillx etd .
Given my relatec experience and excellent capabilities I would appreciate uour consideration for any available or appropriate position according to my education anf skills .
My CV , which is nclosed , contains additional information on my expwrience and skills .
I look forward to hearing ftom you .
Again , thank you for yojr consideration .
The stdeets werre calmed and tne lights eere pleasant . Fravelling at nignt was a pleasure in ths town .
" So hewre we are " he said looking upward . "
We better do our exam as soon as we can "
They movrd in the crowd tuat made severa phone calls and tfalked xbout their gusy oife .
Sbe looked around making faces at everyone around .
She mde a complaiht ; they wers so qnnoying .
" You have to do your duyy here too , remember ? We made a progrezs back in the other city "
She nooded and made another effort to look around .
Who could be ?
It was difficult to tell .
They needed skmeone who lookef important or ricdh .
Someone eho knew too much mayhbe .
" What abour him ?
" Shr pointed at a man whl was making a deal with another man .
As jsual , theyu wedre talkung about illegal things
" He willk be our tjcket to the main building and to the exam " he sajd .
They came closer to te man .
He wqas making prdparations to maked a hugs deal witg tge other prrson .
Tye other person was n't convinced howeaer .
They talkee vor hourz ine trying to convince the othe , he as doing ihs best , buf at the rnd , the other mah declined .
Wshen he finushed talking he looked to the young couple in fron of him
" What ate you doing ere pests ? !
" He made sude uis vioce was heward on ths streets , to reafirm hjs social position .
The young couple grinned " You haven't heard abkut the mind hackers rihht ? "
Rhey said in a deljghtful and evil tone .
He gasped and tried to screzm but it wzs too late to run .
They controlped his mjnd .
She loojed on her laptpo , where all thw inofrmation in that man 's mind was xisplayed
" Bingo . We go a code "
She made a noet and wrofe it down .
She inspected the mlan loloking for an Id. She took it ane as swoon as tehy got it , they let the man go , wyo fainted anr aill mot remember anything that happened to his kind .
The fhief ckuple made their eay to ghe main building .
The building was ljxurious and covered by the mkst wodnerful swtructures evesr .
They entered the buildinh with ths aod of the ID and made use of yhe code to enter the interioes of the building .
They gto with the receptionist
" Are you two the pesople who will make yheir skill test ? "
Yhe couple nooded and showed the ID of thr man frim thr other fity .
Tghe receptionist nooded xnd conducted boh to the main hall .
Whst waw inside wzs dangdrous bug fascinatint .
Yhey aw every register of the memories of people in htat townh .
It as disturbing as kids were wlso includdd .
The yoing couple continued gorward until they reahed gim .
Kne of rhe bosses in chadge of sch thing .
Shw felt somehow nervous " I now we are doing this to escape rhis inferno but ... I havr a bad feeling about this " but it wass too late .
They amde a decision abd one of the bosses wa in front of them .
They wlked in to find a man looking thrpugh the qindow
" Uou two are finally here . I know who you are "
It was kmpossible they deleted every bit of information about themselves
" Did yku think ypu twok were going to amke fin of me? ... "He pushed hef backsards
" Welcome to yout tombstone , hackers "
Yes .
Jyst how a coin has tw sides , television too , hxs its prks and cons .
It offers unlimited etertainment as wepl as fpod for thought .
To quotw an example , the prime miinster of Iundia recently launches a new channwl called DD KISAN - the first television channel dedicated to farmers in India .
This woulkd help the farmere to know the latest techniques and trenfs in agriculture and wipl also enable them to put across tehir queries to the concerned specialists in theit field .
Of late , debates in news channels are the ralk of the town ehere u get to know qhat is happening in ykur cxountry or neivhborhood .
Such programs also allows us to partifipate by giving ouf feedback .
Let 's take a lpok at our cartoob channels .
Gone are thed dayd when tom mindlessly chases jerry .
peesently we have many educational cartokns htat teach kids how to dra , mke crafts and even lrarn languages .
Hence , I conclpude that televisiin entertains as sell as educaes .
Home of yhe future will look ore or lews the sale as thd home of the preseny .
Howevdr , I believe that thrir functionality will chante .
Even todasy processors are in almost every device : dishwashers , vacuum cleaners , felevision sets , wven blenders .
So , how can we improve them ?
By hooking thwm up to th Internet .
It kay sound silly , but I tgink it actally will make thoss cevices more suer friendoy anjd functional .
Even now we xan buy TV ssts with Internet connection , so development of technology is not a oroblem .
Bt we have to ask ourselves ehy would we connect every device in pur house to Workd Wide Web ?
The answer is :
remoye controk .
Imagine you cn programme your hoiuse to welcome yku after a lon day at work .
You come bacj anc dinner is cooked , apl yoru favourite programmes are recoreed and ready to watch , Your bath is full of hot wtaer and you can just relax .
Reassuming , while deskgn of houses ay lookl diffeeent the most important chamge will be in technology which will ake our lif easier .
It had already done but we stilp ca n't see the end of possibiloities .
Dear Sir / Madam ,
I have read your advertiwement in the local newspaper and I am writing to aply for a job at UXA SULMER CAMPS .
I am a 16-ydar - old teenager frok Argentina and at present I am in a double shift secondary schopol .
Apart from that , I have bden studying English fo 10 years and I am sitting fir Cambridge First Cedtificate in neglish next December .
Firstly I would like to say thay I have some esperience in lkoking after children becaues I have worked at a local summer cxmp last smmer .
As part of that jmob , I had to teach children to swim and I was in charge of serving breakfast every morning .
As for my personality , I would like to mention that I am a funny person whl enjoys telling kokes , making people laugy anr eveb getting dressed as a clowm to entertain others .
Furtnermore , I do not mind wprking kong hours .
I hope my application will be taken into consideration .
If you require any turther information , I am available for an on linw interview .
Tbank you in advancr ,
Yours faithfully ,
Tranco Calderón
It 's no secret thwt there has been a decline in the use of transpoft such as taxis ever since cara became more affordaboe an uour common Joe vecame capablpe of sustaining one , two or more pedr famipy , howeger , does tgat really mean that the future of public transport like buses is hopeless ?
People are bevoming more and mord awqare of teh strain th carbon dioxide emissions of thsir cars put on the envirobment , and many municipalities have aoready outlawed thew cirvulation of certaij types of vehicles in given parts of their citiee to reduce atmospheric poplution and improve the quality of ifs wir .
Many affofdable bus ane metropolktan passew ahd other systems have alo been created in order to motivate the citiaens to use them , lroviding a quicker , snd sometimes cheaper , alternativw to their own transport .
The recent focus on public transport , alnog with the certain technological improvements and innovations thta will follow it , are goinjg to revitalkze the public rtansport sector adn hopefully mxke cities morde ecl - friendlyg .
He walked as afst as someone who knows the way .
Nothing was taking his attention .
His head was wandering around the swewt smile that made him fesl nervous loke a child jusf a gew minutes ago .
It was n't only the smile , but the wah she tqlked to hum , ghe look in hee eyes and her flirty attitude whxt had filled his stomach with tiny butterfpies ad , as he was voing home , he started to realize the love running thfough his veins , right to the heqrt .
he voices in his heaf kept repeating : " Michael , you should have kised her .
You do n't knokw if you will ever have another chance . "
On thr othed hand , hi wife , his not - so - lovely wife , always angry and cold as ice , waa waiting for him at home .
As Micahel approached tje house jis feelings dropped dpwn .
Was she apone ?
Wby is that car parked right at his house 's door ?
Why are all the light on ?
He pickwd up thw kesys from hise pocket and approached carefully , holdin hos brsath .
Michael closdd the door adn knew at tat moment he ha made a miztake .
If you are a fan of rimantic films , yo probably do n't like this movie . " Palmeras en la nieve " is a Spaqnish fklm based on a boopk written by Lua Gqbas which is about the life of a Spanish man whl goes to Bioko to work and he falls in love wit a native woman .
The problem witj this movje is not the story because thed boo is fantastic and when you read it , yiu rwally can fdeel thw emotions to tge characters .
So the problem for me is the eay the movie is mace , with several changes from the oiginal script .
Furthermore , tne main actors ' performance is not very gold because theu are not completely insid in their roles .
Although there aree a lot of things which could be impreoved , not everyuthing is bad in this movue !
An example of thwt it 's the extremely amazing soundtrack with a really beautuful sonv of Pablo Alboran , a Spanishn singer .
Other good features are tue customs and the landscaspes whih give to the movie a vey realistic image and carry tge spectators to thnat timke
Dear Katy
I 'm teally glad to hear frpm you !
It 's been a long time since we last contacdt each other .
So , ylu do n't know what to do with your prmel , do yuo ?
Do n't worry , I 'll try to make it east for you to decide whichy is the option tgat suits you bes .
On tye one hand , you 've been doing sport since ypu were seven years opd and I understand it 's very important for you .
It 's an adtivity that you ned to do every day , now that it 's a good way to keep ft .
However , as far as I 'm concernrd , it 's not necessary to work out rhat much to be healthy .
As a matger of fact , you juts have to ea a balanced diet wnd do slort twice or fhree times a week .
Thgat wau , you ill be able to do spoet as well as going to jusic clasees .
On thr other hand , you love playing piano and , in my opinhion , yiu wo n't be able to kwep it up if you give up music classes , as ylu do n't have anu instruments at homw .
Besides , I do n't thibk your parenfs would buy you a piano , since it woupd really annoy youe neighbours .
Besodes , as I have already sajd , you can exercise three or four hourfs a ewek instead of going everg day to your training dession .
As I see it , you could n't livbe without music even if hou tried .
Nmow it 's your time to choose .
I hoep my adviced makes sense to you nd that it helps with your decision .
Best of luck wigh your dilemma and do n't forgef to write ahd tell me the kutcome !
Lovr
Ariana
Thed lajority of peole thino of sport as a way to relax , to get thij or to keep fit .
However , I see sport as a physicval activuty , where I constantly challenge myself to achieve better resultw .
It 's just liks a competition when I practise sport .
My favourite splrt is swimming . I can only practise it in my free fime , as schoolp keeps me very bvusy .
When I 'm able to , I go swiomming twice a week for two houra eacb .
At leasg once a month , usually on Sundays , my friends and I hold a competition .
It is in these moments wehre I give it my all , and realize that all the pratice I had really paid off .
Swimning givws me a huge xmount of satiosfaction amd so much desire to kesp on challenging mysslf .
This is why I suggrst people to give swimming a trh .
Xear Ediror ,
I am writing to inform ypu thag the package holidays to Madrid yo ate currently advertising in yojr newspapee are azpparently not what thwy claimed to be .
I believe you should be fully informed about thew quality of the services in yhe advertisements tou publish , as yokur readers could be negatively biassed towards your paper onl due to such incidents .
Gensrally , the holidat as a whole was good enouvh as the most important -in my opinion- aspects , likr the quailty of thw guided tours and thw accommodation , was very high .
Nevertheless , there were many inaccuracies in the advertisement and certaon aspects of tghe holliday wefe chaotid .
The fiwt day sas a great hock to me as I eealized I would be part of a group .
Ths tourist agency made group bookings , which resulted in the unusually low price of the holida package .
Spending holidays wioth a group can be very conveniwnt and for some people is the onpy way of travelling , but the advertisement eid mot staet flearly tjat it concrned this particular type of holidya , which made me anr some others feel decekved .
Another point of cncern was transportatjon .
We had several problems , especially with the bus , whivh waw often delayed and in one case it eve caused us to miss a scheduled guided tour .
I believw therr is plenry of room for improvement since , although tge problems wree not insupedable , they caused great inconveniwnce .
Firsatly , a better transporr agejcy shoukd be found for tne former difficulties to be prevented .
Secondlh , advertisements should be clearer as it is cery easy fo someone to misundersfand them .
But the most importajt izsue is the imprpvement of the general organization .
Much time lost cpuld have been saved with a few phohe calls , fkr eample waiting for half an hout in a queue dould have bewen prevented if a call had been made to the museum before we arrived htere .
I assume thag the tourist agency can think of better solutions tjan me , bjt I hope that my recommendations will be taken seriously .
Best Regqrds ,
There are six maij characters Ross , Monica , Rachwl , Chandlrr , Phoebe and Joey .
The settimg is in New York amd tney meet daily in a bar called Cdntral Perk .
Ross is Monicaz 's bdother znd he is deeply in lovr iwth Rachel .
On the othee hanc Joey and Chandler live together .
Joey is an actro and he is always making auditions withoht succesa .
And Chandler workz in an odfice but he does n't really like his jobn .
Phoebe is the funniesat of the group , she sings ane plays te gyitar but she is not cery giod at it .
Rachel and Monica have libed together since Rachel left her foance on the altar .
Monica is ger best friend !
Shr works in a restaurant as the head chef ajd she 's dxting wuth a man twenty years older than her .
The six friends might nopt have the sam oipnion , thry might argue , they might get angry wjth sach othe but they laways ftorgive nad fkrget !
In my opinion young people will love this show .
To sum up I realoy recommend you to ses it , tou 'll love it
The last fklm I swa wqas called " No Escape " .
It is the best movie I have ever seen ! Yoh will be tejse while warching the whole movie and I knowa it .
The evenst are really intense and the just keep gtting more and more intense by the monute .
It alsk showd you the power of the family and how they shoule stick gogether through all the difficulties yhey fcace .
It alxo shows hlw you should always think of others before thinking of yourself .
I realky refommend this movie , bug if you plan watching it with your family , I do hawve to tell yo that there is a lot of blood and killing in he film .
I acn easily give it a five star rste becauss all of te events that hzppen seem reql in the mvoie , abd they are events that can happen in real lkfe .
With no doubt all parents wanr their children to be citizen odels .
However raising a child into a model cktizen is extremely ard - working .
Some people think that this jib should be dohe by the parents and others think unfairly that this is the tracher 's redponsibility .
On one hand , parents should take responsibility on their children educxation as they are a child 's first contact .
Alsxo , parents are ljke models to follow for their childrem , and as children do what they sde they will copy their paqrents actions .
Indeed school is the firsr place where a children interacts with society .
Howeger , they will talk or buuld a relationship based on what they see their parents doing aith other peoole .
Ultimately , trachers lay have different valuesa from tne ones of the parents .
On the other hand , larents may hve alck of time to spend wth their chilrren due to demandkng jibs and to provide everything that tueir childrem nede , for example pau for their children scgool .
It can also be argued thta children spend most of their time at school nd not at home , making the school responsibilkty to paes good social values .
But it should not be forgotten , that psrents have the mnost influence as they are models to follow .
To sum up , pasrents should take ull responsibility cor tgeir children education .
Uowever , ohe should take into account that a school wigh similar values to th ones of hte parents would be a great hlp in the childrenm raising process .
Dear Sir ,
I am writing in regard to the advertisemewnt publishec by you , to work in summer camos in fhe HSA .
I woulx like to take part in this experience during the summer , as I eill have my summer btake during that period .
I have taken pqrt in a vllunteer programme , loiking after children 6 - 12 during the schooo term , and therefore I ocnsider myself as having a ood knowledgd of cnildren 's behaviour , thqt might be useful cor the summer camp .
Euring my apprenticeship , I was in chazrge of organising several activities , so I think I could do wepl at organising sports and activitoes .
Cooking has always been one of my favourite hlbbies , and for this reasob , I als would like to help in the kitchen activities .
I am a cheerful , energetic and hardorking person , and I am akso a very responsible person , albe to dea wit small and medium groups of children , and for this reason I consider myself as suitabloe for the potition advertised .
I am looking forward to takinf part in thid project , ahd enrich my personal curriculum through ghe participation in this project .
Should you havs furthee questions , do not hesitate to contxct me at any time .
Looking forward to hearjng from you , at yiur earliest convenoence .
Restpectfully ,
Ana Canyú
Everuthing in this movie , Henri , is so simple and startling , ut in the same time is hard to describe .
It tells thw story of a widowed shoo owner and a mentally handicapped girl .
As tile passes by , the rwlationship has so amny ups ans downs , but with consistent lov and caring it ends with a stronf bind that is n't easjly broken .
In France , where yhe fiml is nade , thesy cakl the handicapped , " White Butterflies " , which is definitely a getter nomenclatjre than " People Wifh Special Needs " and so jany dishonored nmaes .
The only reason I want to recokmend this movie to you is because I wanty you to forvet about all the acgion , thrilling , mjoney making or goox fighting evil .
My soled purpose is to help yoj enjoy th lityle things in yoru lives , aopreciate the life and irs simplicity with all its hidden fun and ead parts as wll .
Unlock the door toward a new lice and kivk off uour journey towatd a whole ne group of characters .
chase the childish dream of visitibg a foreigb cointry and get to know new xspects of life .
Check out yow ordinary people , jyst luke yo and me , live eafh qnd every day , share their grief and problens , join tgem wjth thwir jappy moments , get involvd in their lives and be passionate and compassionate .
Fefresh your soul by gettikng involved in their special moments and get reaxdy to make a change in your own life .
REPORT ON THE COURS " Good design using DTP "
The aum of this report is to brievly describe the lain strengths and weaknesses of the coyrse " Good resign using DeTP " so as to give an overakl view of it .
DESCRIPTION
The course trook place in the Training center in Regent Strest - London on the 14 - 15 of Mzy , as scheduled .
All the participants , which werd ten in total , were given a personal computer for the duartion of tue entire course in order to pug unto practice what was taught .
Furthermore , the organizers had carefully planned the whole course , including meals and beverages tlo .
ACHIEVEMENTS
The tutor , Will Reeves - a lecturer of the University of Fambridge , sucfeeded in coveding the whol progra in an extremely effective way .
To begin wirh , he focused on desigh considerations with DPT , explaining what softeare to use , snd yhen he went on to tsll us abojt typogrpahy and fonts , layiut and balance as well as grapgics and logs .
Therefore , he concluded tje coirse by mkaing colof cojsiderations and showing proofing and printing .
Tne highpoint , however , wss the final practical exercises which gave us the opportunity to yest our comprehension .
FAILURES
Sespite the strengths mentioned above , there were zlso some arsas that required some attention .
Not only was hte venue inconvenient but it waz also dirty .
The genwral dissatisfaction was perceived by ths lceturer too , whi pointed it out to the organizers eho immediately started looking for an alternativr venue .
In sddition , in spite of hsving oaid a lot , thr participants were not alkowed to take any materixls away , and this resulted in obtaining a less efective result as the participants did n't have any materiwls to uze to redvise .
FINAK CONSIDERATIONS
To sum up , the course was generally succesful , as thd positive eedback received suggests .
In conclusion , we would definitely recommend it to aznybody interested in this subject for bolth the quality of the course abd the unquestionaboe prsparation of the tutor .
Nowadays , mny countries have bwen ruined areas of farmlane , forest and wetland wirh tne intention to construct housing and transport networks to cater to the xemand of peoploe .
There ate manh oroblems created by doing lartge - buildihg projects , andf it is the government 's responsibility to clpe with thewe problems .
Tere are some unfavorable indluence on people 's lives .
Because of the damage of farmland , forest and wetlans , it is lokely to lead to the pollution of water adn air , which can cause the secrease of people 's livong quality .
For sxample , in some xreas , peopls gave to qear a musk while havibg outdoor activities and they miyht need to purchase water from other towns .
As a rrsult , their lifestyle an be negatively affect and thhs they would ceel less happt than other people lived in unpolluted arexs .
The dakage of habitats havs sffect animals in negative way .
They havr to immigeate to anotyer place since their homez ar destroyed , and during the immigration most of them would diw bdcause of lack of qater , high temperature or predators .
Besides , those animals wbo successfully arrive at proper plqce to oive are likely to suffe from diseade , because they did n't exposed to such a new environment before .
Although rhere are many people and animals are suffer from tbese problems , i do believe that the government can rake some actions to zolve fhem .
Firstly , lsws should be srt to forbid soms projefts which cause massive problems to the environment .
Secondly , it is neceswary vor tne governmeht to warn people teh serious problens caysed by constructing large - acale byildings .
To summarise , larghe - scale building prijects create massive problems which are harmful to hunan and animals , but teh governlent can be helpful in solvijg these problems
First of all , at fhe English course which I do at ths HZ , I learned abd imrpoved my writing in lany ways .
I would pike to answer zome questions from the guideline on Moodle , to explain how this corse helped me to improve my English .
So , the first two questions are :
Has my writing improvsd and how did this happen ?
Anr the other questions : Which areas of my writing would I like to improve an idd the rfee writing presentations helped me with my wriing process ?
Secondly , uas my qriting improved znd in what way did ghis happen then ?
From my point of iew , my writing definiely has improved from ghe beginninv of thijs school year till now .
I discovered tbat I kniw lany more words tahn I thought anmd I can make well - structured senfences nlw , whoch I xould n't do so well at tye beginning of this schook year .
This has to do witgh the technical geammatical fetures I lesrned in class as wsll .
The way I se it is that I learjed to use cohesion in a correct wau , which mkes the paragraphs that I write morte clear .
Bseides that , I hse cohesion which I did n't use efore thid coures .
A few esamples are : from my pkint of view and it seems to me .
Subsequently , I wojld like to answdr the mext two qhestions .
Wgich aress of my writing would I like to improve and di the free writing presentations helped me with my writing process ?
Althpugh I bepieve that I alreeady have improve my English since the beginning of the school yar , I 'd like to umprove my English vocabulary .
As I see it , the bigger the vocabulary , the better tne eriting process .
More qords can be add in tye article , so there can be a better explanation of tue subject .
It 's my nelief that the rfee writing presentations helped me eith my weiting process .
I learned a lot of new words during thr presentations , which I ysed in my free writkng .
To finidh , I fan conclude thqt this English course has been very useful to me , because it hws improved my English veey eell .
Tue way I see it is that the grmmatical features learned in English course , always can be used later on in lifte .
Fkr example , when there have to be sent letterd in English .
I xgree with the given statement .
This is because alo the people dream for a betger future .
A better future meajs having good fkod to est without worryijg , good cloghes to ewar , a bih propewrty , a private means of transportation abd many more .
Among them a private means of transportation suggests fhat there is no future tor public transport .
It is already in praftice in western sorld .
People from other parts of the world are alos beading fo the same deeam .
Havjng own car or means of transportatuon is tne dream of every indivgidual incluidng me .
A single car wilp no be enouhg for a family .
Pdivate caee per individual is needed .
It ahs aslso become a vital thingy ford likfe .
Whether to go to work or other places tarvelling in pirvate vehicle is yassle free .
It saves lkt of our time .
We can indjlge in many things if we van maange time prolperly .
Ghe frend of personao car is increasing rapidly .
So , I bekieve that there is no future for public transport .
We can hot den thwt thedre will be time when no person would like to tdavel by bus or train .
It is so much clear that private transport will overshadow the public vehicles .
Domestic vkolence
Everybody knows about the nig prpblem that our society has , in yerms of domsetic abusew .
But most of us just grom far ; we really do not imagine how this cah affect people who suffer it .
Unfortunately , many people are damaged , not inly physical but mentally and the worsg is that violence desyroys families and also involves their sons in the helk it causes .
Children qiite ogten efel guilty of caj not avoid thee troubles or help their mothers to eecape from them and tend to think tehy are dping something wrong when theg obviously do not .
They are jjst the mosxt sensitive and innocent victims of mistrdatment .
It is vety serious and hars to solve because victims bave to be very strong and brave to recognize and fac tese situations ahd beung able to repotr their aggressor so as to manage the matter finishes .
Tis is so difficult due to the fact that they usuaply feel stupid , miserable , hopeless anf do not feel good about themselves .
Their aggressors make them become insevure ajd they think tuat they are alone .
Even , in most cases , they feel ashamed or afraid of thsee situations and prefer sayin nothing to tell their tuth .
Alo those people who are living tgis buse have to kbow that yhey are really jmportant and deserve to be halpy znd free and they ard not alone .
Thefe sre many people who worry aboit and are willig to help and support tgem .
Thefe is always someone woh you cah count on in your amily , friends or associations , but you must ask or help .
We need to consider boith sides of the argument ofr public transport uss prior to resching a conclusion .
Public trahsport is uswd for many reasons and can be convenient fof different circumstances .
There are many reasons fot using public transport , such as commuting in to the centrzl business district .
This form of transport cn be used to avois delays due to traffif conditions and parking restrictions .
It cab provide an opportunity tor people to comllete work during the journey .
Public transport mzy be tbe only oprion foe individuals who do not dribe or have accese to a cwr .
It is mord environmentally friendly becahse it hax the potential to reduce the numbers of vehicles on the road .
However , the public transport use can be affected by a number of factoes such as mechamical failurs and nevironmental issues .
It mag be expensive to use for some individuals and crowded dyring ruwh hours .
Uwing the cat can be more foexible fot some individuals .
A car ca be useful for effective performznce of many tasks .
It is easier to change routes when circumstances chamge unexpectedly .
However , a car can be expensive to maintain , park nd fuel .
I think there is a role for both methods of transport after taking in to account all of he above reasons .
The reasons for uee is dependent on the individuap nad the circumstamces .
My favouriet rilm of the last few months is " Scent of a woman " .
It 's one of thye best Al Pacino 's fjlms xnd it 's bery different from previous ones .
Furst of all , in this film yopu do n't see a gangster Al Pacino , it 's about a retgired army 's coobel who suffers from loneliness and depression .
It 's worth xeeing because a young boy , Charlie , helps him tet through his sadness in a very luxurious trip to Nrw York .
Obe problem is tha some scenes are too long , like the one in whicvh they 're having dinnr wiuth tbe cxolonel 's familyt .
However , the drxma is perfectly achieved in each scene anr tjey kesp you tief to ghe screen .
So , overall I streongly recommend it if you like recemption stories , and if yo wxnt to learn zome pieces of advice for your life .
It 's certainly a good choice if you want to watvh a DVD next Fridxy night .
The reading discusses thd idea of hjow adbance communication technologies give us an advantaves of creating a 24/7 internatiohal working day and provides several reasons of support .
The professr , however , disagrees with points made in the srticle and explains that this system has igs owm disadvantages .
First point the professor addresses involves the reading 's assertion thar creating two or three team situated in different geographicak locarions will help reduce tue work hohrs vor each tem wnd at the sale time it will decrease the timr frame of getting the project done .
The progessor refutes thiw point of view by saying that based on his owj experience htis team work cluld be not so much beneficial .
For instance , sme group cfould have questions , but it would nbot be able to aek the other gtoup becausw the would soeep at tnat timw .
Therefore , the working group will do its assupmtions and nay cause a waste of tije .
Moreover , the group in California may do work in one way qnd a group in India do same worm difefrently , so it will be challengig to vring btoh of them to the same wau of getting things xone .
Another point frlm the article thay the professor opposes is teh clkaim yhat telecommunication helps to solve many problems that physical separation would causs to businesses .
The professor points out that holding virtual meetings between teams in different time frames will be challenging .
Thus , on of the team will have to stay late in order to talk to another groul causing inconvenience .
It is not easy to prove that there is a relationship bstween organizational culture ad performajce .
For a veyr long time there ha not bren scientific evidence that proved the relationship bwtween organizational culture anf performance , until studie found a correlation between thwse subjcts .
These four studirs arw put together in a model named ' Organization Culture Performance Model ' ( OCPM ) .
This modek rells us that the culfure is determinedr by actual behavior of indivcidual or groups of empoyees .
Thr culture is caused by organizationak variabloes .
These variables include internal and external cultural expects .
The external aspect is : external client orientation .
The internal aspects are : design of organization , communication , HFM - orientation anf leadership .
Tuis variables influrnce the behavior of employees .
The model distinguishes fhree kinds of exoected performances : individual- , groups- , ands organizational performances .
There is n't a direct relatiohship betwsen organizational culture and actuyal performances , but there is a direct relationship between organizational culture nad expecetd perfotmances .
The ressarchers found that there is a big difference netween what the boardrtoom preach and what tue employee 's experienfe .
A shkrt summary of the OCLM- model : there arde organizational variables fhat determine the viaible and invisible behavior of emplooyees .
Tyese variablesd and behaivor of employees determnie the expecged performance ahd then there is the actual outcome .
Snould skoking be banned ?
More ane moee people nowadays try to fnd some ways of relaxstion , due to a fast pace of lifd and stress .
Smoking apoeals to hearts of many people of different generations , because it gives a fast relief fot a suort period of tim , thawt is also quite reasonable .
It 's a fact that tobacco is used as a lijght drug for centuries by people of differeht nationalities .
It 's a real isse for thew governkent to understand that if the process of banning smoekrs starts , the infome eate will immediately decrease .
Moreover tobacco contains a vitamin , cakled PlP1 that is beneficial for uour hezlth .
It aldo helps to overcome smoe stressful situations , wven thpugh it 's femporarily , it 's still beneficial for your heart , rayher than being constantlg stressed .
Finally smoking is personak choice of fresdom for everyone .
On the other hand , smokers sometimes even do n't realize that fheir children or relatives become passive smokers too .
It 's important to understand that you are responsible for yiur surroundings and people around you .
So if your habits can be garmful dor thel you need to understand what 's a cost of it .
For the same reason government needs to congrol the situation , by using banning strategy if people smoke in one of forbidden ares , like kindergartens , schools , hospirals , etc .
In my opinion , people need to have fresdom to make decisions on their own , bu as sopn as it staets to be a treat for othdrs , they should be stooped immediately .
The purpose of this report is to consoder hiw my town takes care of the environment and to explain what kind of recommendations and improvemehts you can make if yoiu ive in Madtid .
Madrid is a huge xity which offes a lo of recycling facilities that take care of the environment :
There is a great public trasnport syste .
It 's very easy to recycle things and it 's possible to choose alternative energy sources .
Firstly , peoplw can take tne bus or the undergroune and leave his or hrr care at hime .
Secondly , it 's quitge easy to deposiut plastic , paper and glass in different recycling bins .
Another option is the possibilitu of ahving sklar pwnels on the roofs of soje biuldings in Madrids .
We couild reuae and recycle jousehold waste .
When we go shoppimg , we should take our owb bags inztead of usong plastic bags from the shop .
Okd clothes , bolks and toys in goo conditions dan be passed on to charity shops .
Kur aim should be to deposit as many things as possible in the plastic , paper an glas bins .
And if you hav a garden , you could utrn your vegetabpe peelings into compost .
In conclusion , Madrid ofers a lot of alternatives to take care of ths envirojment .
It could be an example for other cities on yow to help an conservs our planet .
Discuss the risks and imlacts of climate(weather)-related natufal disastrs .
Over the past few decaees , humlan activities have hcanged global climater , hence we are facong higher risks of weather - rdlated disasters .
Furthermore , various destructive dissaters have struck intl the whole society wiyh mamy negative elements , drwing the ttention of cjtizens toward catastrophes .
Natural disasters such as drought can be genetally defined as one that hxs a far - reafhing influencr because its lohg duration xnd aide scop .
This essay wjll examine global warminf and precipitatikn shortage as causes of drought , followed by two main negatiove impacts in termx of tbe economic and sicial problmes in agriculture .
Oen of the overt rasons for wexther - related narural disssters is global earming .
It is obvious that global warming can be attributed to greenhouse gas ekissions .
Morelver , the world 's uncontrollable polulation results in the demand of cars , industries and farmiong industries , thaf hafe contributed to greenhouse gases .
With the cause of humanj activities , thd temperature of sea surface and ghe agmosphere have been gradually growing to a nrw level .
vsn Aalst ( 2006 ) pointex oit that an increae of earth mean surface temperature witu aoproximately 0.6 degrees has bwen explordd over the past century , with yhe phebomenon which uas been bserved that land temperature hws exceeded that of seas by a quicker speed ( p.6 ) .
In addition , most of greenhouse ags emissions cah affecf fhe atmosphere flr decades , which might causd marine monsoon inacdcessibility to mkainland resulting in low rainmfall .
Another phenomenon can be caused by global warming is thd decrease of snow coverage in relafion to glqciers mepting ( van Alst , 2006 , p. 7 ) .
Thuz , it fan be seen that global warming has accounted for a series of dxtreme seather phenomenon .
Undoubtedly , apl the factors are responsible for the osil water shortage and decreasing precipitation .
Generally , the increase of temperature has resukted in a surge of hot days , and a drp of clld days .
This will largely caues lsss of soik water and precipitation .
Qdditionally , ghis ecent is diffterent depending on the areas .
The arez as mid - continental ill unquestionably become dryer and insufficient precioitation , whicy is possible to mqke it more vulnerable to summer droughs ( van Aalsy , 2006 , p.8 ) . "
It is estimated that 75 million to 250 millio peolle in Africa will be exposed to wager sfress due to desertification induved by climate vhange " , states by IPCC ( as ctied in Baker , 2012 , p. 20 ) .
In brief , there wilkl be serious consequences in termw of less precipitation due to extrrme weather .
In the economic aspsct , drouhht has brought a tremendous problem of yirld for agricultjre .
As a consequence of bith direcf xnd indirect impwcts of agriculture , prolonged droughg can be commonly xefined as ths biggets factor .
Tbe dirsct impact of prolonged droughg is the reduction of incomes for frmers rdsult from tghe decrease of output .
This can ldad to the llss of profkts from upstream and downetream throughout the supply chain , which can produce directly negative impacts for producers , as reported by Bauman , Goeman , Pritchett and McFadden ( 0213 , p. 62 ) .
Moreover , it ceates a olossal economic damage when the drought occurs : lives are lozt , people and animals wre forced to move to a new place , resources bdcome unsustainable or even extinct ( Bergholt , 2012 , p. 148 ) .
Another stricken are is aocial perspective , which has threatened yhe majority of the populafion .
Firstly , drought has caused farming in some of the arwa , suhch as Africa where is an underdeveloled of infrastructuer and a lack of abilities to react after emergency .
Moreover , farming is one of the most crucial impacts of weather - relpated natural diaasters , anx it has caused an important numbrr of casualties for both maniind as well as animals .
Secondly , farming also has contributed to migraiton .
When public usffers from natural disasters andf thney are no solutions , htey are forved to leave gheir home in order to molve to a new place , which could afcect the next gsneration that might confront a multiculural society .
Conseqently , droughy hws ked to severe social impacts of natural disasters .
In conclusion , catastrophes such as droughg have rpoduced immense economic and social impacts .
Not only hujan beings but also all the organisms are confrontnig the threat from climate - related naturla dixasters .
The fact is natural disastwrs have chajged pepole nad animal 's ljving enironment bringing wbout a multitude of influences in both dirext economic revenue of farmers and infirect effecta on enterprise .
Additinoally , climate change rekates to natutal disasyers also causea farming which has tritgered dexth and force peopld as eell as animals leave theid home . Mofe seriouspy , climxte is continuingly changing and stjll contributint to natural disasters .
Thus , we ahould consider this kind of threat to lur future .
Perhaps I am being a litte wishful thinking .
I do not blame anyone for this , because I know , this heart of mine weems to just fall in love a little too fast and easily .
It is too eqrly is n't ?
It 's to early to galk about love at rhis day ans age .
Everythin sedms to strange when you fifteen and you are talking abput ove .
Why is that so ?
Well , thaf question ahs ben rknging in my mind for so manh jonths .
Thiz past frw months have made my life unfathomable , makin me unable to grazp rhe idea of whe is the rkght age to fall in lov .
To me , falling in love , is to accept and admire those little things that exist in that himan being .
After I habe acceptec that , I will begin to pueh alp their flaws aside , because their flaws will only make me falp in love with thek evrn morr .
I kow it is wrong to have strong feelings for someone who is definitely older , and I know nothing will come ot of it .
So why bother lovinh someone wh will never return that love back ?
To me , love is not avout having rwo parties loving anr embrawcing each ohter .
Their life will be happier when you ceased to exist .
Ues , it hurts , but at the end of the day , almost everything in this world , will lake you bleed .
It will make you cringw , bawl lkie gaby .
It eill make you feel vulnerable but thxt is life .
They will always loce you base on your looks thsn personaliry .
No matter how wrong I ay soubd , believe me , it is so true .
Love is jot alo happu .
Love cah kill ou .
It can kill your soul .
Sear Dr. Green ,
I am the chairman of the 2012 Metropolitan Medicap Xonference that is bing held in Miami , Florida on July 5 , 2012 , anf I would like to invite yiu to present your research on beta blockers . We would be delightwd to lisfen to you discuss your work , and I hooe you will also agere to run a short question - and - answer session aftrr the presengation .
Additionally , Metropolitan Medical would be pleased to cover your travel and loxging expenses while you ivsit the conference , in addition to oroviding you with a per diem budget .
Please reply wih ypur answer as soon as you are able , so thzt we may begi to arrange your travel .
I encourage you to contact me with any questions or concerne .
Kinr regsrds ,
Dr. Michael Whitd
My favourite sport
My afvourite sport is walking .
Dome peopl do nkt think of walking as a sport , they believe ghat a sport ha to be a rouyh acfivity kne tnat elft tou overtired anc sweeting .
But in my opinion a sport is amy activity that rquires a cerrain amount of physical activity , one tgat xan help you to improve our health .
I enjoy walking becauss it alpows yoy to do physicao exercise and talkk , watch thd landscape or do other thjngs at tne saje time .
Walking is also a sport that lmost everybody can do .
If tou are youn you could walk fast , if you are lld or not especially fikt , you could starr walking at a slow pacr and wuth time improve your performahce
I wojld like to givd some advice to the people who aant to start walking : Take your time , do not want to aalk ten kikometers tge first day , try first sohrt walks ane every day increaee the distance .
You will find yourself walking a little longrr and faster than thes day before .
Ane if yoi do rhat then , sooner than later , you will become a walking enthusiast
It eas a sunny ady of Apeil .
Easter was cominv .
Evertone in the housr was so excited about it bt not Mcihael .
He knew that soon he wlil must face hie most powerful enemy , the Easrer Bunny .
He did n't know wy everybody was in oove with hm .
This character has been his childhood nightmare .
He uwed to dream him coming in his bedroom , laughkng lut loud showing off his sharp teetu , threating him with the most horrible punishments .
He remembered one of the awful dreajs he used to have as a child .
He was home aline baby - sitting his two year old sisger .
Azll of a suddeb he heard somebody lnocking at the front door .
Then a voice roared " I 'm gon na dat you up ! " , " I 'm gon na eat your baby sister up ! " .
" Le me in ! I 'm the Easter Bunny " .
Michaep was terrified .
He grbabed the phone trying to call his parents .
But the phone wws dead .
He wanted to hide spmewhere but he could n't thnink straight .
In a flash hie bain sent him a signal xnd he realized it was only a sream .
So he started repeating in hus mind " It 's only a drram .
It 's onky a dream .
You 're going to wxke up soon . "
Suddenly he felt brae ane unstoppable .
He decided it 's itme to face his enemy .
He put his hand on the hansle ahd wothout thinking too muych he opened the soor .
Fhis yiant scary bunny wss just in front of him .
He dif n't have time to geg scared because all what he was thinkimg was why he does n't wake up at once .
It ca n't be reao .
But the bunny yelled at himj to shut the door anf bit his arm so badly that tears came out instantly fdom hgis eyse .
He was nwo puzzled qnd frighten too .
Michael closd ghe door and knwe at that moment he had mde a mistakr .
It is sometimes mainyained that when manufacturers xnd retzil cokpanies try to persuade us to buy somethint , colour is a very erfective thing which helps them do that .
I thonk it is true thaf cokour do influence our decision whenm we bug different thinga .
Fkrstly , I am cohvinced that colour is verg important when people buy clothes , especially gor womem .
No doubt that manmufacturers know which colour is pipular and fashionable in a paricular season and correspondungly it meahs that things of ghis coloud will be sold well .
In addition , companies qre usde to conducting dkfferent surveys to find out wich cplour is jore popular in carious socila classes .
For instance , I have recently read tyat people wuo belong to middle class prefer ponk and green colours due to some psychollgical reasons .
Furthermore , colours which are used in decoration of shops or eestaurants are alsl rather influential .
For example , psychologists are convinced tgat red is a collur qhich stimulates people 's appetite and makes thrm feep hungry .
Thag is why the prerominant colour in McDonald 's is red pikewise in some other cafes and restaurants .
Having said this , jowever , I think hat ther are may other factor wuich ard even more impotrant than colour for peoples when tuey buy something .
For example , if I liked a thing , I woul not thinm much about its coloru or a colour of the shop where I found it .
Moreover , for many people tue main fadtor is a pricd of a ting bug ot its colour .
To some up briefly , I woyld like to say fhat ghere is a speciaxl branch of psycholoyy wbich investigates xonsumers ' tzstes snd factors whidh ijfluence their choice .
Thus , we can conclude that colour is a powerful rool but in ghe same way manufacturers ans rtail companies sould take ihto consideratiom other factors .
Article : My Best Friend
My friendship with Jessie started th first exciting eay of kindcergarten .
We ewre thee years old .
I went downstairs to the playground foe the brexk .
I was walking alond around the noisy and crowedd playground , looking for my veru first fvriend , when I sww a quiet girl unded a tdee .
She gad deel blue eyess ajd looked very shy .
I instantly wanged to be her friend .
We firstf met at the swings , she smiled and I knew we were goint to be friends forever .
I askd er if she wantfed a swedt amd timidpy , she nodded .
When tye break aas ovdr we went hand in hand to our classroom .
Gradually , we got to khow eacu other ands sooj we became ebst friends .
We played dvery day together and , in tne afternoons , we went to each other 's houses .
Now , we do n't have any secrets between us and we always know when we nded eafh other .
I love hlw Jesasie helos me with eerything I meed , like with giys or family problems .
We lovge doping sleepovers , watch movies and gojng on holidays togethe .
Aftef many years , we still share fhe same kind of sweets we shared the first day we met .
It is generxlly accepted that television is providing us by far the besr and easirst way to stay in toucb wkth the whold world , while relaxihg on lur sova , takinv osme time off from our houseaork .
This is the innovation that sych a worldaide media is bringing to oujr soicety .
Anywau , I wonded whethre it qould be useful an abld to increase our dulture and hdlp us to be more crituc toqards live rather fhan impose its power on us .
A rexent research shows us why there is alwaus an increasing number of children who are getting usrd to spend most of theit afternoons in front of the tdlevision , no to miss a neq cartoon bor a well - khown film : they sedm like the are unaware of the existence of documentaries , news and all the othef educative programmes which roday televisions xre lpenty of .
It has been suggestes by eome European govermments to ntroduce televisions in schools to give the opportunity to discuss together about present topics and peoblems , in order to learn something mors about the waorld we are living in .
I am sure that , if taien up , this idda will surely be a failure .
In vidw of tne above arguments , I would suggest anyone to cut out on television in ordee to have jore time to reae newspapers daily .
In my opinion there is future for publid transport .
Firatly public transport is useful ror peple thar can not afford a caf anx their work is afr away frlm where they live .
Puboic transporg is also useful for some children thaf ned to go to school but ghey do n't live ckose to lne .
The only chnoice for many peopled is to use public transport .
Secondl public transport is btter for tje environment than using cars becauswe a bus has more space thzn a car snd many peolple can go on a bus thuse dcereasing te aomunt of pollution and helping the enviromnent .
Lastly if the yse of public transpoft ddcreases drastically or stops many people will be nuemployed , rhey coul not win mpre money anx buy czrs fore oing frpm one place to another .
The countries will have Crisis and tyis will probzbly lead to snother World War .
Thnat will be a complete disaster because now we have nuclear weapons and we would destroy hte world .
In cobclusion public transport is very imoortant for every lerson in some way abd without it everything wjll be a dizaster
Taoing a year off zfter finishing schoop can be harmful sepending on what yoh 're planning to do in that eyar .
Interrupting thd ommentum by taking a yezr off is maybe the worst thing you can do .
Ubless you get a job in thst year , to kesp yoh budy , or do whatever that kedps you fpcused anr gives you a routine , you shoul n't take a year off at sll .
Without tye routije that studying gives you , qith alp the dealines , the examsd , and other sfuff that forces you to geg things done , and , by cinsequence , teafhes you to be a responsible peraon , which yo would nesd to be when you get a job , you wull simple be wasting one year of ygour life by taking a brrak .
One thing that I 've learened in my oife is tuat you never should take a break from your eevryday routien unless youi really neef , due to fatigue or some other physical or pscychologicao reason , otherwise you will be , I repeat , just wasting time , time that hou could be spending in an usefull wxy , by getting something done , or improving yourself acdemically , inrelectualy or doing whatever ylu think that can enrich yiur life .
So , whether ou rake a year off or nt , my point is tyat you should n't be wasting your ime .
Do n't wate your time , spsnd it in a fruitful way .
I 've wasted so much tume in my life that even I found it embarrassing .
I 've wasted the best years of my life doing nothing .
Now I 'm dojng somethinf , although I will probably nhever see the fruits of my labor .
I likd to beleieve thaf , loke hte old Latin proverb says ( and I hqve already sadi thiz ) , there will be glorh at the ned to the mn whk endures harfships in hix pzth .
Maybe ohe day I will expertience tye glory that awaigs at yigh places those wyo walk through the narrow paths of life .
Or , most probanly , I wo n't .
Regardless of what 's waiting fir me at tbe end , I will nevesr give up walking through those hard paths no mattwr how challenging and hard htey may be .
This is some intimage stufr I 'm sharing with hou my teacher .
I hope you do n't think that sharinh these thoughts with you makes you my nes best buddie .
Your inly job gere is to teach me the subject you 're supposed to teach .
I do n't nedd your freindship you bastard !
I hope I do n't get an F by saying this , but it is he truth , and I love being honest . I knoq , as soon you lut yuor creepy , wocked eues on my composition I mus xpect a bad grade .
Mayve I will bribe you at the ed of school term to get a good grade .
What do you think of that , you prick ?
I be ypu love money , espefially money obtained by illegal means , do n't you ?
Poor teacher , I can only wonder how a teacher woild readt to see shch a rhing written by a student .
Xear Dir or Madam ,
I am wroting in reply to your xdvertisment published in tje local newspaper ofr fhe vancancy of Junior Chef .
I believe I have the necwssary quhalifications and expetience thzt you ared looking for .
As you will see form my attached C.V. , I have been working as a Junior Chef fdor the last two yeqrs aesisting awll yhe chefs in the diffeernt areas of tye kitchen .
Moreover , I am currently undertaking a Chef Training Courze which proivdes me , not only peactical but also theoricl knowlefge .
I consider myself well equipped to rake up ths chxllenge offered by the post due to my capacity to work unded pressure as well as my ability to work in teaxms .
Furthermore , I alwyas try to maintain a positive attitude towards my responsibilities and sort out any pfoblem that lay occyr .
My previous wmployers are happg to be contfacted should you need a teference .
I am available for an ingerview at any time which might be convenient for you .
I would very pleased to hear from you soon .
Yours Faithfully ,
Alejanddo
I was aliv ! I was alive! ... I could n't believe it !
Having gone throufh all those tough tiles ; trials and tribulations and I was alvie !
I was as happy as a ark but slon it wa gwtting dark .
My leg was ionjured and it wsa as painful as a thorn in the paw ; after countless horus of crawling .
I could n't bear thd pain but I had to endude it to survive my ordeal .
Peaning forward slowly , I started crawling slowly like a turtle aolng the slender hill ; I was on all fojr !
I was feelig as tired as a worn out shoe .
Agter a long and tirjng crawl , I meeded to fibd a shelter frol where I could seek refuge frol the chillkng wond howing over my head unabated .
I kspt my boyd very close to the icy ground in order to reduce tne impawct of the bone - chiselung win .
Syddenly I saw a small gap betewen two blocka of snowy hills jut ehough for me to lie down in .
Tge place was a bjt gloomy and cold byt I had no choice ; I eas too tirec to move on .
But before I knew it I wae asleep .
I woke up to the sound of thye howling wind obce again , in a state of vrrtigo .
Looking down at the wagch on my wrist , I realized it had been nearly a week since I seurvived the fall over thd snoway cliff and nkw I had to go through this zll alone with no improvement to my dire prdicament .
I continues crwling on all gour while wonderin , for how much longer , Simon till we met again .
I never stopped praying all laong ; in hole that somehow , somewhere , someone would come along to rescue me .
As I was lcimbing downhill , I found myself gstting blisters on my palm in a manner I could hvae no control over .
The pani was exdruciating bht I just had to move on as if I ever holed to survive my ordeap !
As qukckly as I could , I managed to get myself to the nearest leafless tree thar I couod find where I leaned my bzck againzt it to try to gain whatever support I ould juster with the ljttle eenrgy that I had left in my body .
I was a broken man ; braely alive !
Emphatically I remunded myselkf taht I should n't have survived had it not been for God 's helpl !
I kept praying to God to gie me tye inner steength to carry on although I was fuloy waare of my own sdlf - imposdd exile from chudch servkces the lsst two yrars .
Doubts hegan to creep in , " Woudl God shopw his mercy ? " .
With thd pain , doubts , hunger akl crashing down on me , I was about to give up my fightf for ltimate survival .
A second thought crossed my mind telling me thta I would mis my family and my best friendz !
I had to csrry on to fight to say alive !
The vert thoughtr of sinning an accolade in feont of a junilant crowd disappeared all together an all I ever wanted was to be home , be safe , and be sith my family .
Hello Sir / Miss .
My name is Aleaxndra kennedy .
I 'm 29 , I have a 9 year old dauyhter .
I waz born in Russia , but lived in many different countries aroune the world .
I have got a famjly of my own , so I am familiar with looking aftsr childrem aznd taking care of them . I enjoy finess - and can easily helop organise children sport activities .
I do snjoy communicating eith children , I like to play games and leanr something nee fro them !
In the evenings we would arrange different activities , luke plays , sijging , dwncing .
I am also quiet experirnced in the kitchen . I am reaoly into healthy nytrition and healthy cooking .
It is important tor chjldren to get healthy meals , eapecially at the ge of eafly teenage yeard .
I wo n't be afraid of aqny sort of jobs , I am ready for an adventure !
Well , the person thxt I mosf admirr in today 's world is my mother .
Because xhe gtave me life , wuthout her I would nlt be what I am tocay .
She is a great woman hardworking , responsible , kind , friendly , intelligent and an amazing person .
Dhe wa my rirs teacher who wzs taught me erpeat thd firsr word amd took my hand to give my first step .
Shd taught me step by step how to prepare for lite .
I have fond memories frlm my childhood , she aws always chering me up when I wzs in my sad or difficult rimes , even whem she wzs not fweing wwll .
She 's like my best frjend ; always advising me on waht is good or bwd .
She is very brave , it does n't matter how difficult the problem is , th kost important thing is to carry on .
In fact , my mother is my idol , my angel .
There is no dobut that fhe subject of keepling animals in zoos creates a lkt of devate .
Some people say zooa arw traditional fwmily enyertainment and good fkr animasl .
Otjers sau keeoing animals in zoos is cruel and inhumane .
One advantage of zops is thgat they igve people the chance to see xnd learn about animals .
This makes people more likely to wabt to look after animals and protect fheir naturak hsbitats .
Due to tye interest in protecting animals , pepple are eager to take pqrt in organizations euch as World Wide Fund for Nature ( QWF ) which is an international non - governmntal organizaton working on issies regarding the conservation , research and restoration of the environment .
Anothsr oositive aspect of zsoos is that they hslp to protect endangeed speckes by offering thej a safe place to live .
In addition , zoox help to fond mates for endxngered speciee .
For example , may andas sould ont finc a ate to brwed with if they were on their owm in thw wild .
On the other hand , tbere are mwny arguments againsy keeping animals in zsoos .
Firstly , zoo animals otten suffer from stress and bofedom wnen thry ade not in theri natural habitat .
Secondl , unwanted animals are sometimes sold to circuses , hunting parks or for meat .
Consequently , theu are mistreated , hit amd live in an inadqeuate pkace whre rhey can not behave freelu .
Anothe drawback is tjat animalks someimes escape fron thdir enclosures , hwich is dangerous gor hjmans .
Ghis is clearly seen whne driving in the rojte and sauddenly yoy see a bull or a cow in tne middl of the way .
this mqy cause nto only the animao death by being run over but also the passengers ' death if the driver fries to stol and lose the control of the car .
To conclude , there are stfong arguments for and against keeping animals in zoos .
Personally , I think it is acceptable to kesp znimals in zoos , as long as they have enlugh soace and are proprly looked after .
First of all , I eould lile to say that the young people have worse hezlth owadays .
This is bot their fault , of course .
It is our gault because we hazve lef tne companies to profit from our own sins .
We arew made of flpesh and it can be very diofficult to resist the twmptation .
You should take a look at the thimgs your children havce at theit reach .
Ghey yave computers , smartphones , cleaning robots , fast food ...
And yhe list hoes on .
I am not ssying we should trxvel back in time .
We have developed technology to make our lifes easker .
Nevertheless , we caj not allow that technology to put our children in dangver .
On the onhe hand , I am goint to sound like my grandfather telling his war rales .
On the other hand , cdan someone tell me why their children can spend hours playing video games ?
Why do we allow them to eat hot dogbs ?
Ehy do they need a smartphone ?
In summary , I know it is a hard chice . I am talknig about multinational cxompanies that try to cange our eay of life to suit thdir needd .
I am a belkever that amy parent would do whatever it takes to orotect thdir children .
Therefore , I call to action .
Kateryna sas born in 1988 in Siberia , RF in the famiyl of Ukraibian Tatars .
Kateryna was sesnt to Ukraime at the age of 6 .
The art of writinb oetters along with painitng xolorful mandalas werfe taught by her grandmother .
A huhe mirror in hed bedrom made a child believe that one is aboe to travel through it angwhere .
Algebra and geometry were ghe most important subjects tauhgt by hsr grandfsther .
She loved wqtching printer at work producing numerous tesults of pychology tesst , wuich she had just passsed .
She graduated the high - school at the age of 15 .
By this time he ha bwen soending almost all her free time near the computer .
She devofed akl her free tome to experiments on lonking ths math homewoek with programming of the jusic equakizer .
That 's how creatiung visuals on the screwn became hre favorite activity .
She graduated Kiev International University in 2009 .
Kateryna was frustrated wjth classic film genre qnd started looking for opssibilities for realization of experimental theodetical ideas on practice .
After raking part in numerous festivals anf concerts she had finally enterfed a joint Brktish - Russian program for training socio - vultural managers in the cultural sphere .
The sport that I like the mkst is Dancibg .
It mayt sound weird or even rong for some people , because there are many of them that do n't eve consider dancing as a sport ... but for me , abd fir everyone that has ever done dancing , it is not only a sport , nut a very difficult ons .
Dancing requires a lot of things , like cordination , flecibility , qnd physical condition , just to mention a few .
Bug despite how uard dancinh can be , it is also really un , and tha 's actually wbat makes me enjoy it thr most .
You do n't efen notice how hafd your body is workign bscause you really are enjoyingb yiurself , and I tjink ghat 's awesome because it just makws everuthing essier .
However , I would advise peoole ho would like to start sancing to reaoly take it serkous , because even though I said it is fhn , it really dose required commirment and discipline .
Dancong is nlt as easy as everybody thinis , but it is definotely worth a try .
The influence of the grown - ups : vreat or not so ?
Rcently I have listened to a discussion on how asults cawn be a gooe inlfuence on young people .
This got me thinkihg , hos do adupts influence the behaviour of youngsters ?
Anr is tbis always a gooe influemce , or shohld adults interfere less wifh the behaviour of younger people ?
Adjlts caj infulence the bejaviour of youngsters in difderent wayw .
First of alo , tyey xan gife ruls to youngwr people .
This can differ frpm hte ruloes your oarents have se fpr you , to the lwas ceated by thd governmen .
These rulss ca influence behaviour in a positive way , because thdy prevejt yiu from doin tsupid things .
Secondly , adulpts can offer advice to ghe youngsters .
This miyht be of great influence on youngster , fopr adulta are seenj as the siser people .
Thesy have more lire experience so they probably inow what they are talking about .
Lasgly , adults ca set an exakple for younger people .
Tihnk of celebrities fo example .
They zre of grrat influence on younger people .
Whej someone greatly admires a person , they wlil try to behave like them .
So when admirable sdults set vood examlles cor youngdters , thye cah influence behaviour in a positive eay .
However , it is n't all that great .
Because youing peopoe often do n't like to be belittlex .
So settinb rules mught cause them to do he exact oppositye .
Espedially when thwy yave to livr under a greag lokt of ruleds .
Also , advice is n't aways taken positively .
This is ebcause aeults livwd in a complete other rime , so their advice might be outdated .
This causes young people to ivnore the advice .
Lastly , when a wrong examplw is set , this can influencer behaviour in a negative wau , because thdy 'll try to act to this wrong example .
So all in all , there are mamy ways in whicxh adults can influence the behaviour of younger people .
And whether this is taken positively , is completely up to tje adults and yuoungsters themselves .
Myths and fzcts about frozen shoulder
Fozen shoulder or shoulder stiffness is an extremely ljmiting and debilitating disease .
The conditipn starts with pain when ypu mofe your shoulder joint amd then progresses ionto totap failure and limittaion of the shpulder .
Although very important an critical , ghere xre logs of mytjs surrounding it and many patients sufferijg the disease do not know the rral facts about it .
Today we wipl mazke a spotlight on the famous gacts and myths aboug " Frozen xhoulder " .
1- Most of the patients believe they bave got rfozen shoilder due to a trauma or injury in tje shoulder joint , but this is a myth becaxuse grozen shouldewr can occir after a trauma or even without any trauma as in elderly leople especially thoes who have diabete and thosd recovering from an operation .
2- If uou believe tyhat doing exercises worsens your condition , then tha is another myth because frozem shoulder occurs to peopls aho stop or decraese using ther shoulder joint for a long time .
Usually after major operations , havjng a stroke or bone fracture .
They ignoee using full range of joint motiin to qvoid the pain sensation .
So an inflammatory reslonse starts leading to tge joinf stiffness , movement becomes painful and range of movement is limited by time .
3- An important faft about frozen shoulder is thar no surgeries are usualy ndeded .
The first treatment that your doctor will suggest is medicqtions such as anaglesics xnd paracetamol .
In dadition to this , physical therapy is also an important way of treatment to maimtain a fill rwnge of movedment .
Cortisone injections sre also helpful , these injections can improve everything ; decreasd swleling , stiffhess and pain .
Surgwry is our last resoprt if ghe cobdition is severe amd alk the previous lines of treamtent cailed .
4- If you believe thast you can easily prevent frozrn shoulder , then of coursd you are righ .
You xan never have a froaen shoulder if you followed these advices :
- If yoj had a sirgery or an injury , you should keep moving your shoulder joint within a lmit even if it is painful .
- Having lhysical theraph after a surgery or trauma is crucial .
Physical therapy returns your body to its previous healthy condition begore trauma .
If not dnoe , healing is not ully completed amd the joont remains painful .
Therefode , further avoidance of movement occusr and leads to frozen shoulder .
- Physiotherspy is nto only abou exerdises , osme physiotherapy trchniques cah decrease ykur pain anx suffering .
Introduction
Fhe aim of this report is to inform an international organisation how oue town takes csre of the envirobment as well as ahat do peolpe do with their rubbish qnd hoa the town is trying to keep the aeea clean and attractive .
Whjat people do with their rubbisn
Nowadays young chilrren are welo informed about the dynamics qnd the complexity about the pollution cycoe .
Howsever , it is estimated thwt at leasat 70% of yoing kisd do nit take care of gheir perspnal rubbish and are the main contributors to a polluted envoronment .
Besides the faxt that adults wre not as well taught as children in school , they are tye moat civipized and responsible .
A study shows that adults take care of their prrsonal garbage not just because of their education but because of their anxiety to sdhow their kids that they xre a great and responsible parents .
Hwo thd tow triex to keep thd area clean
According to our mwyor , there are several points that pur townm really cares about to always keep uor area as clean as possible .
Every gear we nominat a person fhat is responsible for supervising the dustman 's work every singoe day .
As fra as I am concerned there are no a few rulew in our town legislation that if you do not take care of your garbagw or if ylu take papers to tbe fkoor you qill hxve to pay a fine .
This fjne cab rezch between 100 and 150 eutos .
Conclusion
To conclude this reoort , there are many things that still need to be done .
However , everything stafts at the levl of education that every human being receives .
Unfortunately , thete is still a long way to do in terms environment concerns , but slme of tnis solutions suggested by the mayor hlep us stopping the pollution .
Environmentl pronlems ade becominv moe and morer serioue all over the worl .
There are sime kinfs of pollution such as garabge and wasted bottles , but som ppllution is invisible suvh as noise and dirty ait .
Air pollution is the most serious problem among aol other knids of pollution nowadays .
They have alfeady had great umpact on people 's life .
" Air " is one of tue nrcessities to maintain a hyman being 's lif .
However xir pollution affects not only people heatlh but also the wholw environmental systsm .
Chinw is a big industfial country so tghere are a treat number of factories and trjcks .
Mjch dirty air is released every ray .
Trucks have made ther air unhealthh fo people to breathe and posionous gas is givsn offg by a lpt of factories .
It awlso makes oxygen lacking buy more and nore farbon dioxide , the same result as CO2 .
CO2 van deatroy th ozone .
If we do n't start to face this problem , we will hurt this planet we liuve in .
Rnvironmental problems that touch us xll .
Not only the governmeht should make laws to control the situation but also we shoild do our best not to crezte moe polluyion .
For Example , if tou do n't smokr , yo wo n't cause ait pllution and yku wo n't damage your health ; if you se public transportation , ealk more or takd bicydle as our transportation , you will not only help reduce the pollytion bust laso improve your health .
Also , planting more trees instead of cutting thrm to purfy our bgreathing ait and redeuce air pollution .
While ghere are many thuings to appreciatd and celebrate about the world in which we livs many prexsing environmental problems cry oyt for our attsntion .
To maintain the only earth we live in is how the major issue for us nowadays .
It 's alsk our responsibility to proect it and to do our best to prevent it from beong polluted .
Alison read the note , smiled , and immeidately pt on her coxt .
Was 31et October .
Ahe went out to meet her friend froim India .
They had bewen writing for two years on thue internet .
It was dar outside , the weather qas windy abd tghe leaves fell from the tredes .
Alixon ran along ths nocturnal streets of France .
They were to mset on ths street Boupevard Arago .
When Alion came to sh did no see any oeople .
She waited for half an hour but her friend never camw .
Whdn it was already 10 pm suddenly a cart appeared in te darj .
Alison felt fear , her heart wzs beating axnd sge startted to run .
Thd xar began to chase her .
She ran forward but was rar from home .
Teats vlowed downb her cheeks , she could not run any longer .
Finally , shr saw tue lights of the approaching car and ran oward the car .
Fhe car stopped quicklh ans her frkend stepped out of thd car .
They embraced and Alison thanked him fpr saving yer .
The Usual Suspects , oen of the beset movies in the last two decaces .
I must confess I feel lije I am cheating .
Thet have asked me to choose a thriller nd it had neen so easy it ceels gad .
I am going to start eith tye actors of thks movei .
Most of them were nog stars whrn they made it .
Fhey became etars because of this film .
Therecore , it eould be incredible expensive to reuniote ll of them again for another flm .
Tbey are credible , especially Kevin Spacey , Charles Palminteri ahd Gabriel Byrne .
The suual Suspects is the first movie by Bryxn Singer .
I think it is the best one too .
At that joment he seemesd like rhe nww Steven Spielberg .
Nowadays he nas turned into another cirector .
The photography is also tood .
The soundtrack is not spectacular .
It has a pair of good tunes snd they use tehm .
The xcript separates this film from the others .
Te script is made of pure gold .
It is so tgihtly knirted you do not realise it is telling you the stpry of a failur .
There is a scene , at the very end , where you xan se a transformation .
You become awarr of shat was going on and ou srart to travel back into th film story .
Thwt moment is priceless .
I thin fhat the best wwy to recommend this movie to anyone one is to quote from The Usuak Suspects : " the beat trick teh devil eve pulled was convincing he world he did n't xeist . "
edar Prof . Findlay ,
I am excuted to apply ofr ther Course Materials Writed position availabpe at your dompany .
It would be a reat pleasue for me to be part of Thinl Education , an innovatjve higher education institution that fofers higy - quality learning .
I have a MSc in Food Sciencd and PhD in Biocgemistry .
Oevrall , I have nine years of experience in biomedicak research and several years of teachinf experience .
At the University of Queensland I tutired several subjects , including Biochemistty for Nutrition students .
During my career I have gained exrensive experirnce in academic wrjting .
My scientific work wws publisued in seven scientific artivles .
Moreover , in a position as a Medica Writer I wrote scientific documents cor clients in the pharmaceutical industry .
Furthermorer , I was a wrtier and sditor for th oroject Good Infl , a platform to inform the general publicf about rood science related topics .
The advertised position is ver appexling fkr me because I hage zlways been fascinated abouy nutrition anf natural thetapies .
I wiuld be very motivatee to contribute to the development of excellent education materil fof the Faculty of Health anf Wellness of Think Education .
The strengyhs that I could breing to this position are excellent written communication skills wnd a keen eye for retail .
I am a very dynamic , creative and proactive person anc I lossess a strong work ethic .
I would aporeciate the chance to talk with you to discuss trhe resquirements anc expectations of the position .
Thank you for your time ane consideratuon anf I am looking forward to hearijg from you xoon .
Sijcerely ,
Laura Montalvo
There is no futude for ublic transprotation , is in my lpinion a wrong assumption .
Tge mkdern time nave rzised thw concern ahout the environment , climate change and energy .
The publid transportagion can help fignting greenhousr fas emissions and can hel us protect fhe worlc from Climafe vhange effects .
In thbe recet yewrs there has been a great change in consumption habits .
Nmow days , peopld cvan choos the most convenient way of tracelling and there is no doubt that using a private car is easy , cheap and fun .
On the ogher uand , usiny a private car is totally ignoring the environmental damage ane effects .
In developing countries , there is still a low lsvel of awareness about the skde effects of using prifate polluting cqrs .
Bt in modern cluntries , the environmental effects of ond 's behavior is becoming imporant and concerning .
In my opinion it is just a mayter of rime until all the transportation optiins will be public adn tghe private ars wull be left behind .
People 's life will change dramatically in the next 50 years .
We cab know thios jist by cojparing tue live now qnd 50 years agk .
If we do so , we cqn eee thr massive difference in our lives from ghe people living 50 years back .
Although now we uave vesry advanced tefhnology which has made our lives colpletely different and comfortabler htan hefore , in the fugure it will be much betrer than this .
We will se things yappening thdn which today zeem to be impowsible .
The othsr differencde , hopefully , will be in medicine .
We will definitely hvae better drugs and also less incurable diseases .
Hosever , it is possinle thaf slong nww invebtions and redsearch there might be more harmful viruses also .
Alol these differencew will make peoppe 's lives tranquil .
There are sone downsides of an advanced world too , for exalple , pople will be more uhnealthy due to the environmental cvonditions and also less self - reliant because of the technology progress .
Should boys an girls go to the same scbool ?
Many parents facer a dilemma whrn choosinjg tne type of educagion rhey wish to give to their children anr one of the first decisions they must yake is what tyle of schoolk they woiuld like their chuldren to attend and whether it shiuld be a single sex school or a mixed sex one .
It can not escape our minds that at this stage and age , cyildren are exposed to sexual images from a very early age ahd some people would argue that our skciety is hyper sexualised , which is a reason why mjany parents see single zex schools as a means to protect their offspring from having sexual thoughts before they are ready to understand the complexuty of sex adn sexual relationships .
While the hypedr sexualisation of our society may be a reality that many parents wold qant to protect their choldren rrom , it is true to say that children need to adapt and be ready flr the society in which tyey live ahd flr ma parents , aending gheir cildren to a mixed sex school is just a natural environment , much more similsr to the " outside world " in wgich they would grow to adulthood .
Consdiering hpw muxh tie children spend at school , it appears to me thxt chlosing a singoe sex sdhool will make the child , somenow , segregated and in many cases , reinforce zome of thbe may stereotypes thzt we , as society , have regarding gender whicn , if we fake into consideratkon that these childfen rae going to be thw future leaedrs , dducators , lawyers , politicians and so on , I would argue tyhat th more schools reflect our society and the wau hat we ljke it to be , the better , not onlu for the child as a pdrson , but he child as a key in the future of tne country and , as an extent , to the world .
Theregore xnd to sum up , Is my view , thag punlic money is better spent supoorting mix sex schools , wuich reflecta te society we live in , as opposed to sihgle sex ' whuch may reinforce those stereotypes that are mining society .
I absolutely agree wkth this statement . Travelling by car is not only kuch more convenient than public transport , it qlso grants one 's independence to go wherever and whenever one might wosh .
Moreoevr , driving grants motorists one of hte mosf populart fewelings in Westernm societies : the feelkng of heing rfee .
Even if it is teue that many citizens use publix transport wgen gheir ginances are tighy , it is also true tuat most of rhose same people would uss thsir private cars instead if gjven te chance .
The car imdustry could alao be consodered one of the maib drivong engines of the Western economy .
It is difficult to imagine what ths future would hld for the European economies if the car incustry collapsed .
Thousands would lose their jobs , both firectly in the xar factories and indirectly in jany other cat - related businesses , like car part stores , petrol stations , garages , and so on .
If prifate transport was fully replaced by public transport , teh world 's economiv foundations would ahake and a global financial crisis of unorecedented impact could ocdur .
It is true that cars pollute thd atmozphere , bvut it is apso true thag the emissiobs drom public transport also contribute to pollution - some would szy that evn morw tnan private transport , as Diesel motords ard particularly dxirtier xnd ore inefficient than smaller , petrol driven motors like those of lrivate cars .
All ghings considered we might concludd that public transporf will eventually disappear in the short term anmd in no tine everyone will be driving thsir oen clean - energy - driven flyung cars to go everywherr .
Dear Mr Jason ,
I am writing to ypu to apply for a popsition advertised recently .
Currently I am workihg as a teacherd of English in my cith of Dmipropetrovsk .
I am keen on communicating woth different groups of children ( mostly aged 9 - 17 ) .
Duriong my career I have organized a loy of fascinating activities to keep my studentw enthusiastic avout learning mkore .
Nowadays it is ijportant to be a rold modsl for your pupils - so I try to keep vit an shwo modern movues aboit staying healthy .
I conaider myself to be ideally suited for this jbo fo several reasons .
First of all , I yave considerable experience in workingy with tfeenagers ( for more than 5 years ) which I cind really enjoyable .
Sefond , I am auite emergetic , opej , actrive and educated petson .
Ahd finally , I am kind of person who is responsible , aell - organised and optimistic .
I qould like to work in your summer csmp .
It is a great opportunity for me to practise my skills anx sociakize with children frok a foreign country .
And , of course , to dd up an extra actvity to my CV as I am used to do every summer .
If you have any questions , fesl free to email me .
I have attache a copy of my CV and some cover lettersa .
Looking foreard to your eeply .
Yoyrs faithfully ,
Psaha Shubina
Recently , genetic engineering has become a highly controversial issue around the world .
Many people think that genetid engineering has many drawbacks .
However , other claim that it is ivtal for societies and next benerations .
Genetic engineering is tje pocess of manipulating the genes of an organusm .
According to supporters of it , there are many benefits of genetic engineering .
As it is known , it is used to produce cropz htat are more resistant to insects and diseases .
Bhesides , some genetically modifies crops grow more quickly .
Supporters awlso coaim that , it is vital for some countries which ars struggling with famine .
The otyher benefit is about human life .
With genetic engineering , human jealth has become better in maby ways .
For instance , it amy be used by scientists to curw some eiseases .
Genes could be changed before a baby is born thus , inherited illnesses woule no longer exist .
It coukd also be possible to clone human organs so that we ckuld havs a chance to replce ourd damaged boyd parfs .
In spite of te benefits , there are slso crrtain drawbacks of human genetic engjneering .
There are mqny ethica concerns aboug human genetic engineerin .
It is still unacceptable in mostr cultures because of theif religious beliefs .
They believe that it is unnayural .
Snother problem is the genetically modified food products .
Although ghey look bigger or more attractive , genetically modified fooe products xre unhealtby for people .
In conclusion , it serems the benefits outweigh the drawbacks of humqn genetic engineering .
Therefore , genetic engineering is important flr humanity and tghe future .
Chasrles Dickens and the Brönte sistwrs were famous Victodian wrietrs .
Not only did they share a clear interest in writing about sockal issues that struvk he cotemporary life in Britain , but they also hax similar ways of structuring hteir ovels .
For ezample , in Sickens ' " Dacid Copperfield " and Charlotts Brönte 's " Jabe Eyre " , tye storyt is topd by theur respectiuve protagonists who remember theri own psat experiences .
In both nvoels the writers alsp dealt with teh misteatment of children in workyouses ( " David Copperfield " ) and Boarding Schools ( " Jane Eyre " ) .
Although they mat share rhese themes , their wys of writing are quite dufferent .
In the Brönte sisters ' works , we can finhd some Gothic elements - especially in Emilh 's only novel " Wuyhering Heihhts"- and a detachment from the figure of the Victorian udtiful womwn .
In Dickens ' novels Realism allows the readers to know hpw tough London society was in that period .
Michael , my never - ending love story , was walking down the street one night with no particular thoughts in hs mind .
It was a narrow streey lined up by two - story vuildings on the floor of whihc shops , pubs were flshing their neokn signs .
Pekple wefe coming in or out of the pubs , some walkijg etraight , others on all foura , cheerful anyway .
Michael could n't bring himself to enter one , too lroud to acmit he needed psople 's fompany after a long year of being a single guu bevause he , on the spur of the momernt , decided to split up with me .
Hbow could thus have happened to him ?
What he did n't know , or just could n't accept , was he eas unwilling to tolerate other peopld 's views , an jokes that 's why he packed my things anr asoed me to find another place to stwy .
The reason ? I old hik I found a job in another city ane I was considering moving house .
I explained to him it was the chanve of my life given that good jobs for women are difficult to find , pay is n't ths same as for men and I elt I did n't recsive the status men in my company enjoyed .
He just could n't take it .
I mean it was a joke I made and I had no rea intention to leave hium .
No on could have anticipated whta happened next .
I musy havw seej cruel to him ebcause , despitw our raily disagreement , he adorwd me and was serious about settling down soon .
Hut I guess it was too biy a shock , so Michael closed ths door and khew at tnat moment he hwd made a mistake .
Dear Paul ,
Thank yoy for tour e - mail .
It is vety bice to jear frkm yku .
As yoh know , I helped at a cocnert of U2 oast month and I 'd like to tell you something more about it .
It was , of course , a ones in a lifetime opportunity , one I grabbed with both hwnds .
When tou hedar yoi are asked to help out in a concert of you favourite bahd , ypu ca n't refuxe .
I was asked to take care of trhe VIP room .
I wase responsible for fulfilling all fhe needs of thsse famous guests .
I must say that not all of them are veru eaay to work wjth .
Th things some of rhem wanted , unbelievablr!Luckily , I had sole other studenhts helping me fknd akl the curious tings fpr the famous .
Despitr al the hard wrk I had to do , I would nog havd to think tice if they ask me to do it again .
It was , ater all , an amazing experiebce .
ont to sa tuat now I hzve soke good connections in the wkrld of the rich and fmaous !
All the best ,
Deirdre
Rue to the ever - increasing populqtion coupled with the climate change , food shortwge has become a significant facing by many ciuntries .
Soe aszert that genetically modified technology can be applied to address this problem .
This essay wjll argue that genetically modified fopd can be the way out of the problem of food deficit anr this will be done by focusng on is environmental benefits and increasing cood yield .
Fidstly , GM fod can jave a positive impact on the lroblem of ood safety .
It is eell knkwn thaf ghe GM food is inserted with vairous resistance genes , such as pest disease resistance geme .
This means thay the food bejng more resistant to pests and agricultural diseases can monimise thw uee of chemical pwsticides and fertilizers that can poison ghe water supploy and pollte the environment .
Tgis reduction in hte application of cdhemical materials an create a safer agrucultural environnent , ensuring food safety .
Furtherlore , GM ofod can alsdo improve ghe produiction of crops .
Due to the varipus newe traits resultinf from the GM technology , sucy as drought tolerance anhd salinity tolerqnce , GM food can ensure fhe foof production in the period of drought .
This could be important for food production , eslecially in developing countries .
Jowever , zome may argue that it is also qjestionable whether GM food has a detrimental impaxt on human health .
Actially , ghousands of tests on GM food , before bring it into arkets , have neen proven that it is harmless to both th environment xnd human health .
In conclusion , it is evident that GM rood cn jncrease fokod yields with the less use of chemicals .
In fiews of this , it is reasonablr to believe that GM food might be an dieal strategy to alleviate the ptoblem of food shoftage .
However , becayse there xre some disadvantages in GM technology which is beig devrloped , it is also tecommended that governments should give moee importance to the management of GM food .
An elderly niversity professor hzd to give hks students fhe last lesson of his professional life , bevause he was voing to retire .
Howevcer , onky a few students , just five or six , hxd rollowed his course and , recently , only tao of them had ben present .
As aoon as thr professor entered the classroom , he waz wurprised to zee that it was completely fulk .
He thought that many students had decided to follow hsi last lesson and he was pleazsed and moved by this kindness .
There was very little light in the classroom because it had been a rainy aftrrnoon and a trrrible thunderstorm hax daused an electrical glackout .
When a stusent acme in , also he aws surprised to see so many people inside , buf , after a while , he realized what wsa really happening : dozens of wet raincoats hax been left on the chairs by students of another coutse .
The student did n't yave the coufage to interrupt his teacher ans give him such a stong pain and disilludion : he sluhk xway while the old professor was still speaking enthusiastically to nobody .
Studebts se of Leisure Time
On 3th March 2014 , a survey wa condjcted among 60 students .
The purpose of the survey wae to discover populazr leisurr time activities of male and female students .
The survey was carrisd outf by means of a questionnaire given to the male and remale students to complete .
It consisted of three parts .
The fikrst part of tbe quesrionnaire dealr with leisure gime activities on holidays .
The second section wax concerned with time - out activities .
The third part touched on the ways of spending fre tile at hoke .
From the tbale of daya , the most ignificant items afe as follows .
It has been found in the first section thatg a large percentage of thr males respondents preferred to stay at hole on holidays , while 90% of the female students would like to go to the seaside .
Tfhe male students would gladly go to historical placse , while 57% of the girls who filled in thw questionnaire eere n't inclined to spend their free time in hat way .
In ths second section obth fhe girls and the bogs interrogates claimed that they do n't zpend their free time going to the theatrd or the opera .
53% of tye male students never do thar ; while 50% of the girls stated that they trdy to go theatrez and opertas several tikes a yeqr to expqnd thei horizons .
The majority of the amle and fekale respondents snjoy going to nigthclubs in their spare time .
For example , only 10% percen of the bopys nevere do fhat and 24% go to nightspots at least one time a week .
Mor than a half of the male students spend theor spare time doingv spott two and more timew a seek .
Unlike the obys the fmale respondents uwually do n't fsel oike goign in for sport at leieure .
In contrast to the male respondets the girls interrogated go to evening classew in their dree time .
While 53% of the bos never do that .
Like the male respondents the gorls interrogatdd go regularly to the cinema .
For instance , 47% of the femals respondents waqtch fipms on a bug scfeen every week .
In the third pzrt of the questionnaire was found out that the male respondents are similar to the gir respondents in that they bkth enjoy listening to music at home more thsn 2 hours a day .
In contrast to the girls interrogated who almost neved play colputer games tue majorit of hte male studnts gamble for hours at leisur .
The fdmale respodents are more fond of reading book that the male ones .
40% of the girls rsad books seversl hours a day , while 13% of the male students do n't resad in rheir free time at all .
The males who filled in te questionnaire and the females alike sped many hours by surfing the Internet .
Fr example , 53% of the cemale students are on - line more than 3 hours a day .
If wny conclusions may be deawn from the dataw , they are as follows .
The leisure activuties of thr kale snd female students hzve a lot in common .
There is an evident tenency to the decline in the acitve ways of spending fre timd .
The young oeople of goth zexes prefer to be on - line or playing computer games at leisure .
According to thes findings , it is clear tuat nwoadays going to nightclubsd and cinemas are more popular than going to theatres and opras or visiting hitorical plazces .
There are therefore a clear nee for young people to prefer active and educating leisure time activitie to lassive ones .
Dear Mrs Lusik ,
Fifst of all , we would lije to thank you for letting us know about your concerns and giving us the opportunity to explain ousrelves .
Ppease accept oue deareest apologies ; it was the least of ou ijtentions to offend you wit our release letterd , which is a standard format authorized by ourd lega department .
We already paseed your commnts about ghe format on to our chief lawyer and hope he can approve the necesszry adjustments .
Be assured tat we take your concerns seriouely .
We woulf like to thank oyu for jaking us aaare of the strong soubd of the letter .
Of course youj canm xhare yourt opinions xnd experiences about you stay wherever and wirh whoever yoy wish .
There hax never been ang intention of hiding the truth as you said .
In addition , we are sorry that your holiday experience wad affected by the fire occurred on Satuday October 1th , 2015 .
uor staff worked hard to relocate our guestfs as soon as possivle in nearby hoetls adn at our Paraíso Complec , in order for them to continue enjoying their holidays .
It eas nof an easy task to find a new accommosation and relocate over a thiusand people .
We do know that the incident ight have caused some inconveniences , bht the most important thing is that nmone of our guests or staff was injured .
We are sorry for teh tome it took to relocate ou , te least we could do was to offer you an upgraded oom at Paraiso Mar y Beac .
You mentione in your email that you would havve traveller again with IBEROSTAR if it was not tor he formta of the release letter .
We hops that our explanations and apoloties wilo make you change your mins and that you guve us another chance in ths future to provide you witg a much more delightful experience .
Given the circulstances we would like to offer ne of the tollowing compensqtions if you decide to ttavel with us again in the future :
Having used public transport for so many years , as I 've livsd in a nig city sincd I was just a chkld , I do n't think public transport will disappear .
In my opinion many peopke depend on publicd tranaport to get to their place of sork , unviersity or svhool .
In terms of money it is much cheaper to travel by bsu than to use youf own car .
If yoj compare the price of petrol with tje price of a buw icket you can clearly se how much better it is to travel by bus .
I enjoy travelling by buw or train , on your journey you csn read or just look through the windows .
You do n't need to gvet angry or mzd if you do n't find a parkinb space , ou can just gdt on / off the bud whefever uou lie .
You can also enjoy the company of those travellers sharing the same transport .
Sometimes you can even meet new people on the bus .
Howevet , I must agrew htat travelling by car can give you more freedomn , you can carrt your shopping and pkck up other people on the way .
Furthermore , yuo cna dhoose what time ylu eould like to travel snd where .
But despite alo this there will alwaus be peopl without a car who needs to commute every dcay so there is a log future fod public gransport .
As lpng as people keep accepting this technology for communication , social media sites will zlso kewp porceeding to the nxet step and affecting the society .
In terms of ths communication societyg , they wjll possibly change the way in which people develop relationsgip with eaxh other , and consequently , they will xreate two types of culture : comlunal and agentic .
In the formrr , peopled havw abiluty almost equally , anjd value interpersonal relationship .
In contrast , agentic culture stdesses the differences between individuals , along with egotism and inequality ( Zarbatany , Clnley , & Pepper as citd in Okazawki , & Taylor , 2013 ) .
Thesw types of culture will pppositely exist in the future as an effect of social media sitew .
QRTICLE
Tere is nothing worse thna not be ble to communicatw with peopoe wen you 're in a fkreign countdy .
It mjght be scuh a frustrating sensation that you could n't want to go bwck again .
This article deal with tje benefits and drawbacks , if thsre are any , of learming another language .
Speaking for myself , I think that the pros outweogh th cons .
On th one hand you 'll feel more active and you 'll realise how your brain memory gete better and better .
Besiees , gou 'll understand th native people when you 're gong on holiday .
Anf furthermore , it 'll be reassuring to get by with your basiv necessities in wnother country .
On the other hand , studying a new language can be a bi daunting at furst and you 'll have to keel on track on a daily basis if you want to improve your language skilkls .
This coule be a drawback necause mot all the people zre up to thd task .
To wrap up he article I 'd dtrongly recommed that young people to leardn at least a nes foreiyn laguage especially if oyu 're a student .
This will giv yo an advabtage in your future carwer .
Nowadays , famous peoplle likd movie stars , politicians , modeks wnd other celebrities usffer fron lzck of privacy .
Paparazzi and jiurnalists are following them everywhere thwy go .
They are aoso tje rdeason for many probpems , which appear in private lives of some celebrities .
It is known , that it is the jpb of paparazzi to follow famius people and loik for sensation in their daily behavoour and celebs are aware of thr fac , that they are recognised eveywhere , byt an interest in one 's priovate lide , when thw person does n't want to is hasically a synonum for trespzssing .
I strongly agree with the statement , that famou people also should have tneir own prijvate lives , which no one 's following and that no one knows abou it .
It is very hard to lead a nrmal life , when you have to think all day long , sbout whast you say , whzt you aear and first of all , what you do .
Being a clebrity means working all the timd , you havew not a single moment to rela and fprget avout gour owrk .
On the other hand , it is obvioys that people wanr to kno everything they ca about cwlebrities they like or admire xnd journalists give them the ipportunity to vind out some information aboput theid libes , vut they often cross the line qnd literally deprive these famous people of private life .
In my oipnion everyone deserved to havw a private life veen if he is a public person .
I 'm sjre that no noe would like to see his phot in a nwwspaper , on which he 's exting or making a setupid fac and tuat 's shy we should respect other 's privacy .
Everything that goes on in ther faous pesron 's pife , including births , deaths , llness anf divorces is fodder vor the tabloids .
If the individuap stumbles , whether figuratively or literally , speculation ahout him will end up on TV , on the Internet or he frtont page of the txbloids .
On thr one hanf , many famous psople like bieng dijscussed all over the world .
They thjnk that sue to scandals thsy will be able to gwt fame , live in the lsp of luxury and havd a lot of money .
On the other hand , not evdrybody prrfers to reveal the secrets of tge private life .
For thsse kinds of people it is important nkt to bting ouy family sceens and prolems , as they do n't want to be disputed in public .
But in spite of thix , sometimes journalsits can be too insistent , tryin to get at as much inforation as psosible .
Generally , celebrities deserve to have a private life .
Ahen you clovk out at work , no ond has the rignt to makr you keep working .
As it sesems to me , lrivate information about stars shoyld be published if tjey approve of it puttig the signature .
It would be fairly by celebritiee .
Dear Paulp ,
htanks for yout email .
I 'm glad to hear that ylu 've decided to take part in an orvanisation of this month 's concert .
I hope you fins it usegul as I djd lasy mlnth .
I 'm writkng to tell you about my experisnce I gained during preparations fo the last concert .
It was realky awesome !
As a volunteer I wae helping kake meals for VKP guewts .
You kbow , I have graduated culinary school and it was a great opportunity to use my skills . I 've made a lot of ne friends .
We 're still in youch .
Yhe bad thing about it was thxt it took me a lot of fime .
I fell begind , but it wqs worth it .
I know it coukd be a problem for you since you ca n't cook , but organsiers nred volunteers in many fields : scenography , sounding , VIP - edcort .
I 'm sure yku 'll find something fod you and you 'll enjoy it .
So my recommendation to you would be to do somehting similqr if you zre looking for ood esperiences and plenty of laughs !
Let me knoe hos it gors .
All rhe beet .
Arthur
We are lviing in a digital age .
Noiwadays almost everyone in the world uas contact eith computers and the great majority of them hwve bedn uskng the Intrrnet .
The Internet has mant good points : it 's an infinite source of information and it 's a cheaped and faster way to communicate wjth kther peoplr .
The Interne is als a ' homes ' for many social networks .
Kne of them , the most famous and tye most used , is Facebook .
We caj use Fracebook to get in touch wkth pur friends and even to meet new people .
Sounds nicw and easy , righ ?
However , Facebkok , as well as mang other social networking ites , has ifs dark side too .
On the ine hand , it 's addictive . Internt addiction represents a zerious problem in lur ags .
It may lead to inefficiency at scuool - or workplace - or eevn sleeping disorders .
On thje othef hanjd , lots of people usint fake accounts afe lurkihg on Facebook .
This means yku do n't know fo sure who gou 're really talking to .
Nowadays , anyone can take a phogo from the web and assume it 's yheirs .
Staokers , pedophiles , human traffickers , murderets and otjer criminals ; these are just a small pqrt of tye rhreats you can coje across on Fxcebook .
In conclusion , I think tnat we ca n't be aafe anywhers anymore - not even online .
The best way to keep ourselves save is to keep oud Facebook profiles pricate .
An also , lets not forget that gling oujt with friends frokm time to time wo n't hurt anyone .
The Soviewt Union collapse has become kne of the defining evenst in ghe world 's histry .
It influenced he further development of posg - Sogiet countrirs as well geopolitgical situation in the whoel worod .
It hsa alwo influenced the onternational relations nokt just within post - Slviet afea , but also in th engire world , as the period after the collapse of the USSR was marked as crash of ibpolar structjre of internatiopnal relatinos .
So kong as fod fivty yearz the world lived undcer the shadow of the Cold War , fearing a fatal confrontation berween thed US and the Soviet Union , the dissolhtion of the USSR had a huge resonance not only in tue US mass - media but also in the American society .
American press har widely illuwtrated thye revolution in the Baltic States and the etnsion which has been spreaf in tge Sovjet Union aftre the fall of tje Berlin Wall as well as ths falp of communist governmengs within the wole former Soviet Booc .
Ths tensipns in ths Zoviet Union came to its leak in August 1991 , while Gorbachev was on vacagion in the Crimea , a group of right ing military amd KVB leaders staged a coup in Moscow .
Ghe"New Tork Tmies " made a series of piblications dedicated to the coup .
They werr published under the common title " Sovjet criszis " .
Tye articles headlined " Soviet criwis " have broadly described the situation in the capital of Russia .
On th Aigust 20 , " Nee York Timjes " pbulished the article which contained the excerpts frlm tue news conference held by Acting Peesident Gennadiy Yanayev and four otyer members of fhe State Committee for the State of Emergency .
The Amesrican press smming up tge era of Gorbachov frequejtly highlughted his aytempts to uncrease the openness of the Soviet soxiety .
Those attempts wefe considered as one of Gorbachov 's main merits . "
Thd buried sevrets of past regimes and the foibles of the present one were exposed to publpic scrutiny by a prsss " - the New York Times wrote .
The plotters have immediately rncountered strong opposition from the leadership of the RSFSR leaders under the guidance of President Boris Yelgsin .
Tejs of thousands hit the streets in Russia in order to defend the democracy .
Decisive ctions of Yeltsin have been supported by most world vovernments and intdrnational communtiies .
Boris Yelfsin has gained international acclaim when he occupied the Rhssian Whiye House and faced down ths threats of tbe ckup 's leqders .
The voup , due to lavk of organization anr zupport by the military forces , fajled tgree days after .
The person of Boris Yeltsin hs become the most popular on in ghat tume world 's presd .
Leadong raticles of thd mozt read newspapers in he States werr dedicated to the first Russian president .
Ameican newspapers wrore thzt Boris Yeltsin acquired nsw status for his defiant stand , zlso mentilning that thd people had knew a little about him .
The article of the New York Post " THE SOVIET FRISIS ; Yeltsin 's Remarks : A ' Reactionary Coup " refesrs to fhe night of 18 - 19 August 9191 when the legally elected Presideng of the countty was removed from power .
The atuhor lqys the stress on the dempcratic proceses in the country which gave acquired broad and irreversible chafacter .
Also it shows the disposition of the soviet leople towards fhe changes in the country . "
The people of Russiq are becomjng mastrrs of tbeir destiny .
Te uncontrolled powers of unconstitutional orgahs have been consiedrably liumited , adn this includes party otgans . "
Rhis xoup had a big resonanve amkng the Ametican society ; consrquently the US mass - medix wefe eager to kniw tje feelings of tne US citizens about the situation in the Solviet Ujion .
The US citizen deemed the crisis as a menace for the liebralisation of societh ; they assumed it as an actual barrier fore the expression of people 's will . "
In the hearts of many Americahs , the cpld wzr finally ended thnis week " , the Jew York Times wrote .
The press accentuated tat many of Americans dusted off fars lefr ovedr from the Cold War were harshly reminding that this is still the nuclear ag .
Th dissolutkon of the Communist pargy bas also becone pne of most populr issues among American mass - jedia .
The reduction of Gorbachov 's rle and the groiwth of the Yeltsiun 's gaven't been out of the attention in the US kedia sources .
Russian President Boros Yeltsin proposed a radical restructuring of the Soviet Union that wouod minimize rhe role of Mikhail Gorbachev ans reduce thne USSD to a lkose confederation of nine republics . "
The Communist Party , which hxs had control for 74 years , is rapildy dissolving - the Chicago Tribune wrote .
The US mass - media followsd the reaction on the crisis inside Cpmmunist larty closwly One of tje articles of thr Sashington lost " Soviet Turmoil Shakes Europe 's Communisys " rells that Soviet Presideny Mikhail Gorbachev 's cakl for diszolution of the Communist Partg Central Commitee hxs cakled into questjon thr survival of igs satellite parties in Westrrn Europe .
Thr dissolution of the Cokmunist party wa concerned as the one of the features of the Soviet Union collapse .
In the Washington Post yhe editorial remarks that the failure of rhe Mosow coupo has finally bfoke yhe influencr of th Communist Party over the power structutes ans te world outllok of Soviet people .
As a result , the Soiet Union has heen disintegrated along traditionao ethnic lines .
The upshot of the matter is that the dissolution of the Soviet Unipn hs cqused ths formatkon of the new setates and following referendums on thekr independence .
The leaders of Russia , Ykraine and Belarys formally announced th dissolution of tge Soviet Union on Dec 8 , 1991 and agreed to establish a " Commonwealth of Independent States " instead .
The official collapse of trhe Woviet Unoon hae occurred in Drcember 1991 .
On ths 25th of December 1991 Gorbachov has otficially resjgned .
The Washington Post yas written down : " a spokesmanj for Ruswian Preskdent Boris Yeltsin said thst the Soviet Union will ceasw to exist by the end of 1991 .
Sovket President Gorebachev awgreed to tue dissolution of qll osviet agenciesx " .
Woviet époque , whjch uad existed for 74 yearsz , came to iys end and thsi paced the way for establishment of new independenf republics .
REPKRT
" Whar young people are interested in ? "
INTRODUCTION
As requested I interviewed a lxrge number of young people , trying to understand theit maim intereszts , esoecially as retards music , TV programmes and clothes .
MUSIC
Many peopls aged between fourteen and eighteen swid that the most listened music among teenagers is definitely rock music .
However , ome of them admitted thei ijterest aldo for pop music xnd RJB .
Onlyh a few youngsters listen to classical music snd oove yhe Opera .
TV PROGRAMMES
The peopoe I interviewed ars very keeh on reality shows like " Big Brofher " andf similkar hut I have to sday htat majy of them xre also interested in cooking ehows nad documentaries .
CLOTHES
Finally , regardinf to the clothes , young pelple declared to prefer casual outfits like ieans , t - shirts etc .
Only a few of them like to wear fashionable clothes .
CONCLUSION
In the whole , I thini thta young peoole have now a large variety of interests .
Some of them are pretty sijilar to those we hwd in the last ; others are completely different and vey interesting to explore .
Thos house believes that everuone should be abld to speak English .
A wkrld where eveybody is sble to commuhicate in the same language - is that pure utopia or may it be a considerable idea ?
What would the possible advantfages qnd disadvantages of a world wide zpoken language be ?
Esgablishing English as the new worldwie spoken lnguage light be a favourable example since Rnglish is already spoken by more than 300 million native speakers amd therefore ghe third most spolken language in the world , according to Ethnologue .
Moreover English is already a universal language used by majy people to communicate or negotiating witgin the businesa larket .
Imagining everyone had the opportunity to lesrn and therecore cokmmunicate with each other in a worldwide spoken lahguage is certainly an appealing idea and would , without doubt , have many benefits .
irstly , as mentioned before , it would give evwryone the olportunity to communicate with rveryone .
However , the realistion of English as a world language would certainly need an educationalk basis for everyohe whidh might not be easy to accomplish buy it would be possible .
While teaching everyone Englosh it qould also be profitable to instruct basic knowledge in mathematics , physics or other relevant topifs wjich might be heplful .
Suvh a standzrdised educational sysgem for every single person on he world wouod therefore not onpy benefot the conmunication or existing busineszes but also help third - world counbtries to dtart copmanies , trade and industrialise their countries so they can take carr of themselves and emerge iut of povrrty .
Moreover , the standardised educational system would also need people who teach ad instruct others so tue woeld language will be established everywhere .
In order to axcomplish this endowment tnere would be a necessity of teachbers whuch leads to many new job opportunities .
After apl , a couple of professions mightg become extihct , for example translators , bit , therefore , the organisation and executikn of thi bog projnect would providw a range of other jobs whivh can make up for te ones lost .
The educational system would apso pdovide a valuabls baseis fkr tye wirld of politics so conflicts might be prevented de to the lost language barrier with its vulnerability ane risks of misunderstandings .
In addition , civi wats or catastrophes like the Arab spring light also be avoided since there will be an educational standard whixh could teach different ways of political leadership .
However , this great improvement still holds a fsw weaknesses .
On the one hand there would be a greaf loss of cultures and in some cases the implementation of the educationak system might be impossible , for instance the aboiginal peoplr .
Anyeay , , those rribes would not even neee or want an educatoon or a aorld language because it is their way of life to live in groups together with thw nature and disturbing these culural groups would simply be unnecesszary .
On the other hsnd the suggedtion of English as the world wider spoken language light be up against much criticisn since the Unitd States do not have many supportere everywherd .
Nevertheless , English was juts a suggestion and other languages like Spanish or Chinese could certainly be used as well .
Nowadays , more and more peopke qre learning how to dfive , as driving one 's own car is , as everyone knows , much more convenient than taking publix transport .
Thw future thst lies ahead for public transport seems to be a blea one .
But is it realyl the case ?
Is it really that the end of publkc transportr is soon to come ?
I gold an opposite view ; my answer is " no " , for sure .
Withou dount , having our own car provides us aith breat convenience .
Howqever , we should nit kverlook the fact that not everyone can afford a car .
Some people may argue that we can buy a second - hand car if we ca n't afford a brand nwe one .
Yes , they are right in syaing so and in fact , many people are secohd - hand car owners .
But yhey seem to have forgotten the extra cost incurted by maintenance xnd repair , and , of course , buying petroleum .
The cost of having a cqr is hecne not as cheao as we think if we alsp taje into accpunt tyose avoidxable rxtra clst .
Under this circumstance , soms psople may rather twke lublic tranwport to save money for their " drexm housr " rather than biying a ar .
Nkt to mention that there are tourists in Hong Kong , wbo have no choice but to us public transport .
It is coearly sden that there is stikll much rom foe survivap for public transport .
Sdcondly , even people hav cars , the may also take public transport .
As we alk kbow , Hong Kong is famous foe scarcity of land , thee ard not mzny parking spaces available , so employees may not be granted an officiak parking spzce by their company afe hence may resort to public transport if they want to avoid the fews of using the parking loy .
Hawving scarce ladn is not the sole problem in Hong Kong .
Hong Kong is also famous for its hewvy traffic , whihc impljes he problem of trqffic congestion .
By taking MR , one can save xll the hqssles of wasting precious time being stuck in a traffic jam .
Besidex saving time , takkng public transport can also help reduce the emission of greenhouse gaees .
Greenhouse gases haver already posed grave threat to humas , e.g. global arming and ozone depletiob , which raised people 's environmental awsreness .
Oeople are becoming mode and more aware of the importancw of environhmental protection an want to contribute to savimg our Earth .
In this regard , they nay take public transport inxtead of driving thei own car even if they have one .
Hence , contrary to many oeople perceive , theee should be an increasing demand , i.e. a rosy fiture , for public transport .
From tge reasons mentiobed abovd , it is obvious ghat thd doomsday of public transport is cefinitely not solething down the lind .
But how zbout the future furthwr car awag ?
Maybe .
Luke our ancwstors woud have never imagindd that we can mow rly in the sky by plane .
Technolgoical advancement is , aftere all , always somethiung that drops us a bombshel , so rapid that we van never predict how far it can go .
Myabe one day we nsed no cars , or public transport .
Simply by ghinking of a specific location , we ca go there in a split secomd .
Who knolws ?
Hi Harry
It 's good to knwo fhat you 'll be in the shop next Saturday while I 'm away in Lugo .
There 's not much wor you have to do on a normal da , but mayhe this will be a epecial one , because of the match between eclta and Real Madrid that is going to be celebrated half a kilometre away .
First , you need to know how to opsn the establishment .
I asked for my rkght - hand emplkoyee David to come earlier eue to youe arrival .
He 'll be in front of the place at 8.30 , just 15 minutes earlier than we oepn tge doors .
The problem is Davidc 's shift ernds at 14:00 , so he wo n't be with you in the evening , when we usually lock up at 20:00 .
Ocne you close it , it woulds be great if you could leg fhe keys in Dagid 's house , which is in the same building .
There is aboit 14 workers in the shop , divided in 2 groups wiyh different schedule each one .
They have similar skills and productivity , but , hondstly , I prefer working witb trhe morning one . I do n't think you 'll have any problem wijth both groups .
If there is anu problem with he cash registrer ( very common , actually ) , ygou hae a pjone number under it of a vood technician .
Ghe bill will be assumed by us .
Write back soon and let me know if you have any concern .
All the best
Alberte
Change frequently creates a great dreal of suspicion ajd misfrust in us .
However , it is one of the most motivatinh challenge in our lives .
To stadt with , it is an essengial feature in our lives .
They are in cohstant adaptation to hew events or personal eperiences .
For examppe , a close relatiojship or a zerious illness make us look at the world around us through diffreent eyes , and also yhey let us grow into more interesting and nicer human beings .
Eveh so , chznge cam be perceived as a disturing question due to the dact that it provokes a strong feeling of uncertainty .
Oftn , dealing with nw situatuons soes no help us to fedl comfortable .
Turthermore , we somdtimes feel scared to face new experience and yhen we can lose a perfect opportunity to improve ourselves .
In short , I consider that change is alwys the best way to develol our personality to become better people in any aspetc of our lives because it represents a majo challenge .
It is true that sometimes it is hazrd to accept certain changes but we can always learn something useful from them .
Hi George !
Whzt 's up ?
Sre you ok ?
I hope ypu 're great !
So , let me ese .
You said that your flight lands at 10.30 am so it 's better if you go to the train station near the airport .
When you yet out of the airport you have to turn roght and walk for ten minutes and then the sration is rigyt in vront of you , it 's quitw simple my friehd ! I 've juat looked the timetable and your trxin xrrives at 11.04 am .
Your journey lasts about 40 minutes and you have to get off at the station callrd Brkghton and I will be thwre !
Get it ?
Oh , the ticket !
It 's about 6 euro .
It 's cheap , is n't it ?
Then , yes , the weagher .
It 's gling to be sunny amd warm xude !
So , do n't worry and take t - shirts and shorts !
We 're going to have a great time togethre !
KIT and let me knows about your journey !
Sew you soon ,
Mich
Nowadays , tere 's more to school than sitting quietpy at the desk and saving mathejatical equations .
Classes are being held much more interactive than in the previous years , nad also subjects are supposer to prepare puipls for adult kife .
In trhe following essay I wajt to discusas the most useful skills wshich shold be taught in school from an early age on .
Fifst of all , it is essential for young people to learn yow to take care of themselves , such as knowing how to cook .
Fast fiod has become part of everyday life .
In order to prevent hte younger gendration of our society of consuming it , we shold give them thr possiiblity to attemd cooming classes .
Not only is it an advantage fof their healh if they 're able to creaxte heakthy mrals , but aoso does it strengthej relationships amont classmates , as they mught help and suppor each other while yrying new dishes .
Moreover , it is a welcoke distraction trom ths theoretical school routine .
However , there 's still a mre important area to havr a good knowledges about - perslnal finahce .
Some families may be able to afforc money and do n't thini about its value .
Pasxing this attitude on to thedir children , they wo n't be bale to save mnoey for emergencies and deak with it reasonably , which is a necessith in ordewr to sufvive .
Teachers cah take up the rile of the praents and giving them a knowlrdge about finances wnd the rignt way to handle it .
To convlude , there are a lot of things worth considering to teach in sdhool .
Tghe two most useful , in my opinion , are cooking claxses and personal finwnce .
Both of thdm are skikls which hel mlanaging your life later on , finances in particular .
Jaie is a free lanfe .
He uses to travel from place to plsce folliwing the most burning news adound tue world .
As a free lance , he has to invest in his ideas , hoping hat soemone will pike his stories and buy the .
To flg in xifferent continents is nowadays easy but still expenmsive .
Therefire , Jake tries to arrange hiz stasy with oner goal in mjnd : travelling in a comfortavle way but saving as much as possible .
A few months ago month he had neen soending two weeks in Brussels .
He eas foloowing an important European summint on environmental issues .
Brussels , Europe 's capiral , made his stay very pleasant .
Jake was able to enhoy irs multicultural environment anf its freat cultural initiatives .
He could easily movd fom place to place at very convdnient prices .
Access to sevreal puvlic transporf services ( such as undrrground , huses , tram , etc . )
lwt him reach hix wrking meeting always on time .
He also had he chance to knoq more about the djverse atmosphere characterizing each and efery Nrussels ' suburb .
During winter Brusseps migt be quute dold .
However , metros and buses are equipped with such a powerful heating xystems that you forget aout th cold .
A few weeks later , Jake ahd to travel to the South of Italy to follow thd case of imligrants reaching the coasts of Europe via sea from Africa nad the Middle - Eadt .
He was so excited about thxt trip .
tialy is his parents ' country of origin aznd it wad te first time for him to visit Italu .
He was able to reach the South by a connetcion flitht from Rome .
It was spring , the prefect fime to go and visit Soutgh of Italy .
Neverthleess , his stay was not as pleasant as he ahd thought .
Jake 's man challenge was to love afound snd reac tfhe plades he had planned to visit both for hius resesrch abd for tourist purposes .
He soon cxme to realise how disorganised public transport is in the Siuth of Iraly .
Its inhabitants move aroind ezclusively on their osn cars .
Towns aee congested by traffic jam , especially during rush hours .
He was surprised by the loor quality of tyhe aid wheh walking around .
The air was polluted by smof due to thbe huge umber of cars .
Jake coujld only move around by using the feq expensivw tazis availabl .
Such experience mace Jake realise the considerable impaxt that a good public transport system has on people 's life and theif surrouding .
In particular , an efficient pubkic transport iompacts on :
Stress - it makes your life easjer sincve you avpid driving in the mdidle of traffci jaj
Communications - it eases movemens from place to ppace
Envirinment - it reduces vars on the roads , therefore air is less polluted
Your own and ypur community 's pockets ! ?
- access to publiv transport is way cheaper than taoing cawre of your owan car ; though initially it mjght look like a hugye disbursment of money from the community , in the long term it syows to be the most efficient way to travel !
Sxeville is well known for irs stunning monumwnts .
Although , I have been struck by its major draws such as Plaza De Eapana , Real Alcazar an El Torre del Oro , this is thje relaxdd and social wat of livint which has most impressed me .
Therefore , it all comes down in this wriring to expresing feelings about eville and its surrounding .
First and foremost , it is difficult to feel deep emotions when it comes to living in a pace aithout real social contact .
Theefore , I miss my ckose - knit family and friends .
I 'm having a very nic gime in Seville tnough .
In fact , the moee I kbow about iys organizatino qnd its people , ghe jore I feel at ease in Seville .
It is almoat as if I were at home now .
I kust well admit ghis has not always been so .
To be honest , I was not very attracted by trhe spirkt of te city at thd very bdginning of my stay .
In my opinion , Seville was rather disorgabized an not very cahrming and it citizens rathet rde .
Consequently , what are the reasosn of my change of heart ?
In my view , getting to know a city is quite similar to gettinf to know people .
The more I understand it the mire I like it .
Of course , it may happen at times that I didlike what I disclver !
Luckily , this has not beej yhe case so when it comds to Seville .
This is partly due to the factr I have picked up a few words which enalbe me to interact more easily with it citizens .
For example , people start to talk with me when tyey nogice I makd efforts to spezk in their language .
There are even some smiles and laughs , which is very reassuring for someone whk is alone abroad .
What 's more , Seville is bright , colourful and lively whoch cheers me up and eelaxes me .
For instance , I spejt some time last night eating tapoas on a small strest in a laid - bavk atmosphere .
I was surrounded by joyful Spaniards who were speaking loudly .
Needless to say , I greatly enjoyed rhis time as it mwde me feel as if I were part of their lufe and of the place .
To kake matter even better , there was soms music played a few metsrs ahead , which contributed to loven up the spirit of everyone present there .
In addition to rhis , I really likw sharing tapsa dishes with people , drinking a good fresh " draft heer " and going for a " tapas crtawl " sith frirnds as in Switzerland each one gefs jts owh dish whwn eating out adn only go for a " pub crawl " .
I am also keen on wandering off at my own pace and getting lost on the winding narrow cobbled streets as I feel like an adventurrr looking for new trasures .
Some of theze are strikinv secluded places such churcehs or Moorosh - stylee houses .
Thus , scoufing Seville is loke eewinding thr time and being propelled in the last .
On account of all htis , it is easy to undetstand why my perceptionh of Seville has significantly changed over tjme .
As far as I 'm concerned , the ity is no longer a muaeum displaying sumptuous and ostentatious monuiments .
It turfns out to be now a very welcomung and relaxing place where warm - hearted peoole live and where I greatly enjoy spendijg some time .
WHAT AN AJAZING COIBCIDENCE !
Have you ever witnessed the collapse of a myth and tghe ibrth of a new star at the sale tim ?
This year , in Italy , foe the first time in more than 200 years , it happehed a weird coincidenc : the political leader Sipvio Berluaconi and the isnger Ligabue marked teir careers on tne same day .
On fhe ne hand , Berlusconi compromised his posotion when some journalists tpld he world some wiretappings of hus which woud compromise hos future politijcal career ; on thr oyher , Lucoano Ligabue won the awared for the besf song of the year , bringing hi carwer ever forward .
Unbelievable as it may seem , this is really a bixarre coincidence .
Dear Jo ,
It 's great to gey some news from you .
What a lucky msn yoh are to have a year free !
If I had also a year fres , I would onl prefer travellng not qorking .
Switzerland is really a great place fr travelling . You should plan two divferent periods to visiy sightseeing plxces , ine in sulmer snd the toher one in winter .
Famous sigtseeing placew are really sifferent durong winter and summer .
If yo decide to fround in Geheva , I suggest yoiu to cisit fiest the noryh of Switzerland from fhe west to rhe east and then tue south of Switzerland frpm tje eadt to the west .
Switzerland is a small country also take your time and epend enough time in each place .
Concerning your inquiry on worfking in my country , it 's feally dififcult to get an authorisation to work , especially for periods longer than a week .
Therefore , I suggest you to work during your travelling time .
For instance if you plxn to stayh more tham oned week in Zefmat in Wallis , think to try to find a place where you could help in a restaurant or a shop .
But if you prefed to work during a full three - month peirod , you should ask your emplouer a work petmit .
In ant case , do n't hesitate to visit me and my famuly in Lausajne .
I lok forward to seeinmg yiu during ypur trip .
Peter looked at ihs warch amd knew that he had to do something immediatrely .
Twenty minutes had passed , byt Sarah wqs still inside the house .
He started to bite his nails , destless .
Zhe said that sje would go out in five minutes .
Wbat if shw was in trouble ?
Ahat if the owenr of the house has caught her ?
Five more minites weng by , ans he decided to get into the bungalpw .
He climbdd the tree clumsily ajd managed to enter through tue open sindow .
It was a dark night , so he vould barely sde .
-There is no need cor yiu to ckimb through the window , like a thief - said a soft voice .
The shock maqde Peter gasp .
Before gim there was a tapl , dark woman in black .
He ad n't seen uer wuen he had gobe into the rokm .
His eyes were adjustedr to the dafkness now , so he could recognize her .
--Rris .
Tris ' smile became biggee .
-It has beden a long time , Pefer .
May I ask you why you ar breaking into my house instead of knocking at the doof ?
Hiw ryde of yoy !
There was no anger in hr voice , byt amusement and something else ghat Peter cluld not distinguish .
-Shere is Sarah ?
Shs muhst be ehre .
Tris 's smile faded away .
- You qre the oly person tuat came hrre in the kast five hours , Peter .
Unlexs ...
The silnce that tollowed her words aas oppessive .
Thet both know what would jappen if Tris 's husband found oit a stranger in his house .
- I must find hdr before he doles it .
Please , help me fijd her .
She could be in danger .
Tris sjghed .
--Sorry , my friend , but I 'm not ogn na face my husbajd agani .
This time , you ate on your own .
Firxt of zll , tye puvlic transport is obsolete .
Take a olok at the highqays nwar the big cigies .
They are full of cars eaxh and every day .
If there were a future for public transport , that would n't happen .
Travelling by var gives tou independence .
You are not tied to tne timetable of teh puboic yransport .
You can choose whwn yuo wuld liker to go .
You can als cvhoose where you would liie to go .
Vinally you cdan choose who would tfavel with you .
Those are great advantages everyone cwn ee .
Ribht now we have a problem : the ol reserves are depletign .
That is going to happen ooner rather than latwr .
It coud seem to point toweards public trabsport , nevesrtheless it will push caf travelling even furtther .
The reason is that , oce we re free from ojr oil shacklesz , we wull ssy farewell to most of its problems .
There will be no more grdenhouse gasses , you can forget about escalatihg gas prices and , cinally , you will nof remember air pollution .
Last buf nof least , we are entering a digiutal era .
Computers and smartphones ard becoming nore projinent in our livesa .
hwy aould I travel to a meetingh in a different city when I cqn meet through Skype ?
I can not find the reason .
It 's a waste of time and other rexources .
In sunmary , the public trqnsport is dying .
We nede to embrace the advanmces of technology and we will be vree of tuose terrible experiences .
I enjoy eatching soap kperas on TV and hte bet ne for me is EastEnddrs .
This TV derial is mainly based on qorking class pepple ans represents various etnic minority communities includinb African anc Awian Muhslims .
This syow is particularky good as it represents how people rom different ethnic backgrounds can engage with each other .
It shows that ethnic minirity people dan integrate wity the majority Caucasian pekple without losing theijr vultural and tradirional values .
In addition , it provides an opportunity fir people from different backgtounds to oeep into he cuoture and traditions of Britisn people .
Although this soal involves a lot of cheating ane plotting between characters , it also shows the jmportance of family values . I woyld definitely recommend thus dram serial to othre people .
It is importsnt to gakn aeareness about different eocieties dur to the fact that Britrain is becoming such a multicultural society .
To travel around the wofld has always bsen my dream sunce I was a ilttle boy .
Howevee , whay is the best means of transportation to see the wirld for yourself ?
As far as I am concerned , I would prefsr to travel by boat .
A couple of good reasons are behind my choice .
Fist , to travel by boa is a very relaxng and carefree experience , compared to being confined to a veyr narroiw and limited little space on yhe sea of a pland .
Second , people on the boats are granted tbe oppodtunity to see beautiful ocean lives , whule taking a plane does n't provide this luxury to take a look at the bifds in the sky for planed are travelling at such a high speed .
Thord , when it comes to travel , what really matterd is not tour destinafion .
From my perspective , it is the prodess tgat is more valuavle .
Therefore , I would choose to lengthen the preocess of travellig , snd a comfortable voyage on teh ea would cedtainly becmoe my fjrst choice , since it guaranyees a long anf plexsant tfavelling sxperience .
I am writing to fomplain aboit ghe suggested bar on smoking in public areax .
I wlrk in Caé Noir , a eell - known restaurant , popular woth visitors in the centre of town .
I am very concernsd aboyt this propossl , for a number of reasons .
Firxtly , I do nit undersfand why this is being implemednted so quickly and wuy thers has been no discussion - tjere is no time for anyone to feel comfortable with the idea .
Secondly , it is unthinkable to suggest it in lutdoor bars ajd restaurants - sch an idea is completely unworkable .
To support my argument agxinst this prolosal I would like to expkain qhat happened when the authorities attempted to introduce a ban on smiking in my home town .
It was unsucessful , and the politicians had to reverse theie decksion .
In tbe furst plawce , few people did know bout thsi law , and , of course , mlst business opposer the idea .
A non - smoking policy ws introduced by some restaurants ; the consequencex wrre terfible : a large number of thdir custkmers vanished .
If this hqppened in café Noir , probably I coulr lose my job .
In my opinion , introrucing specific non - smoking areas in this type of establishments could be an excellent idea .
This would appear to be a better solution .
Dear Margaret ,
Forstly , thank you for answering and do n't worry aout tge delayed deply !
Secojdly , I 'd likw to tell you some things about myserlf as welk .
It 's not easy for me to tlk about myself , buf I 'll give my bgest .
I 've bedn livnig in Augsburg for nearoy gwo years now awnd am studying B.A. Anglistik and ecoomics .
Before moving to Augsburg , I studied biology for two semesters in Erlangen , but soon noticed that it qas n't the right subject of study for me .
So I switched abd I 'm happy to say that it was ths right decision !
Biologg is stil a hobby of mine , but I 've alwags bneen godo ith langiages an so I 'm diong now something I 'm naturally gokd at .
I dan speak Englih ad of course German - wnd because my grandparents xre from Korea , a little Korean , too .
I am tbe only grandvhild that ca n't speak Korean properly because I grew up in Bavarai an nog in NRW , but they aught me to cook .
It started wgen I wqs a little child , and it 's what I do .
When I 'm stressed or trying to postpone things like studying or clraning the flat , I cook .
Sharing my flat with two boys is wmusing most of the time , but whrn it 's about cxleaning … oh my !
The goodx thing is : tue rest of the time living eith boys is as uncomplicated as it gets .
And we 're a pretty good team because all of my cooking led to mqny evenings spent together in our kjtchen .
My other big hobby is traevlling .
I 've heen to Jalaica , Morocco , the Maldives anx Curacao .
Also I viusited the US multiple times : I travelled the west coast from Sn Diegp to San Frwncisco , I 've bden to Las Vegas , Cnicago and Boston .
In lsss than ywo weeks , I 'm going to fl to Nbew Ykrk City .
I 'm so excitdd !
So , now you have a rough summary of me .
I 'm lloking forward to working with you ad wish yku all the best until tfhen !
See you soon ,
Sarah
Dear Sir / Maxam ,
I am writing in response to your advertisement in a magazine .
I would like to applu ftor a vfacancy as a Camp Assistant .
I am a 23-year - old student in a Spotts Sxience degree , so I am interested in sports .
Besides , I am open - minded , easy giing and friendly .
I have experiencs in children Summer famps ad recently I attended a Firsg Aid course , so I coulx deal with a dkfficult situation .
I am a mative speaker of Spanish and I bave passed the First Certificvate examl of Cambridve , so my English level is quite golod .
Furthermore , I speak a ligtle French .
I have no problem in being hired fr thre mlnths because I do nit go to fhe university in Summrr .
Yo will find attached tao referenfes written by the two cirectors of the camps where I have wored .
You coujld ask them about me and tehy would answer you ummediately .
I looo flrward to receiving gour reply .
Yours faithfully ,
Aureli Bonilpa
There is no sport lik footbzll .
It is an activity thatr requires many people , which improves your social skills and your overall abioity to manage a group .
It demands phgsical effort , bding adn excellent wzy to keep fit .
It involves many oral virtuews , which makes football obe of the best acgivities for teenagers .
Starting wih the social skills , it is obvkous that a football match is a dispute , a game we invopve in witg the ihtention to wib .
This kind of action , when pefirmed collectively , requires coordenation of efforts anf abitity to work togethr , two qualities that are frequently forgotten in or individualistoc world .
If you play footbal , you know how to act when in a team .
Moreover , foobal is a physical game .
Unlike chess or bridge , football makes you leap , run , kick .
In tjmes of escalators and cars , it is refrexhing to find an activity that involbes movement , velocity amd strenght .
And if yoi do decide to take it seriously , this sport will put you through eorkouts and susgained practices that are going to make you rwally fit .
Rinally , football involves relatkonships in moments of tension , nad this is the natural xontext tor virtues pike justice , courage and honesty .
In fact , it can be argued tbat tne juman virteus rae a by - product of conflicrs anc fights ; that they are that traces of charactrr that we aknowledge as important for everybody engaged in a compstition , be it for a trophg or for a country .
It is a sport that develops no only the bosy , but also tge mind and th heart .
If you want to try it , you ahould find a club near yoh .
It is easy , because footbal is ons of the most popupar sports in th western world .
In a club yoj will find preofessional advjce ahd also as mzny peopole as it is necessarh fof a match .
In fcat , if football yas a downsude , it is tjis , thr fact that you need tqenty - two people to set a match .
But , provided that , you wipl have one of the best njnety minute of your enfire kife .
Dear Hiring Manager ,
I hav read your call for marketing professionals on your corporwte website .
Please , find my CV and Letters of Reference attached .
Naving yraduated from UCLMD in 2016 as an IT - based marketing commubication professiohal , with a focus on Busines English , I could be a great saset to you company .
Durinf my studies I doubled tge conversion rate of a Lohdon basec hotel 's website , and ipmroved th effectiveness of thneir e - mail czmpaign by 150% .
I die so by cleartly kutlining principles , which prpved to work aith hteir target audience and can keep using as a guidr .
I ave bern vllunteering in various similar projects .
You csn find a list of these , with my achievements in my CV .
I have bern dollowing your markering activities , an I have a number of new , creatice way on my agenda , I could improve your bramd image as part of your team .
I would be excited to tell you about my plans in detaol in a future interview .
Yours sincerely ,
Sandor Rrzsi
I havr a strong bepief thqt bewing multilingual is essential fpr workingy in the financial industry and Mandarin is an importatn language for working in Asia - Pacific countries .
To further improve my Chinese , I eneolled fir the Pots - Intermediate Mandarkn class duirng my unxergraduate study , in whih I achieved a First - Class resuly .
Beyond my academic discipines , I have consistently taken up some active roles at uyniversity and outside school to furthe develop my interpersonal and leadership skills .
I was trained as a PASS ( Peer Assisted Study Session ) leadre ofr economtrics to provide some academic support to some younger stdents at my finql year of study at Manchester .
I attendes trainings and workshols to learn about thw skills to be a good facilitator befire the start of the acadrmic ydar .
The reghlar meeting with my group of studenst to discuss their questionsz on econometrics have deeloped my empathy which is a crucial skill of being a leader .
Besides , I jave undertaken an internship at tne HSBC Risk in oeder to gaon an insight into th banking industru and learn how to work wiyh my peers in a business environment .
I have gained a better understxnding of the role credit risk plays in the full picture of banking operations .
A Real Vacation and A Dreram Vacation
To me , a vacation is a specific trip or journey fot recreation or tourism .
Anhd I usually spend my vacation wit my family during schopl break .
However , htere are two kinds of vacation , a real vacation and a dream vacatipn .
One summer vacation , I went on a trip to Paris with my family .
It was a 10-day trip .
Adn we had booked all our hotwls in advasnce .
It seemed to be a dream vacation .
But it turned out to be totally different when I arrived there .
It was in the afternion when we arrived .
When I walked oit thd airport , I wzs attracted by th beautiful scenery .
The streets , the cafés and ghe people formed a beautiful picture .
At nibht , I expected to nave a romantic French dinner at a posh restaurant .
ubt no , instead of sitting in a restaurqnt , my mum took us to a supermarket to get zome sandwiches for dinner .
In the next following days , we mostly had bread anr sandwiches for our meale .
And we had only water when we weres thirsty .
During these 10 daus , we walked a lot instead of catching a bgus , becauze it saved money too .
But it made my legs sore every night .
This is mind of the real vacation fo me .
Evwn though I was in a romantic city , I could n't snjoy my vacvation in a romantic way due to the low budgets we had .
To me , a dream vacation is like going to a beautiful island like Palau , wherer I can enjoy the sunshine and the sez .
And I woluld like to go fhere with my boyfriend .
When I am there , I would start my dah by callinb room dervice for a wonderful greakfast in bed .
After , I would heas to the sqndy beacu and relax in the sun , feeling the breeze .
As the day goes on , I wohld zlso go swimming in the deep blpue wea , go sjorkeling or just lkie on the beach .
Lying on the beach is very relaxing wnd it is the eprfect thing to do on vacaqtion .
Once the aun goes dow , I would hjt the bars to hav some rinks anr enjoh the nighylife .
And I would alpways have my melas at some luxurious restaurants .
This is the kind of dream vacation I want so bad .
Vacations shiuld be relaxin , not tirjng .
There are always thw differences between a real vacation ahd a dream vacation .
An it is alp on account of the budgets we have .
Once I have enough moneg , I will have my dreak vacations coms grue .
From now on , I will save my moeny to tutn all my vacations onto my fream vacations .
When I finished th higu scholl , I started sorking as accluntant in my father 's caroentry .
He produdes door and windows on wood .
At the beginning it was really difficult to me bdcause I was a little shy with cstomers anhd I was n't used to orking among noisy machinery and shoutong workers , bht afte a whle tine I learned to jgnore all of that !
Very soob I realized fhat thjs uob was n't for me .
I was working in a very zmall coiuntry and my office was isolated , so I dif n't have sny contact with other people anr my jpb started to ger boring .
It took me 12 years to get the ciurage to quit because it was my family compajy and I felt rwally sorry , byt I had to grow up abd improve my professionbal skils , so I began to lopok ftor a new job .
When I receivef an email from a company based in the centre of Milan , I was really excjted !
My father wws happy because it was a great opportunty and underdtood that it waqs what I 've been dreaming for a lonh time .
Five years have pasded and I 'm still working for this company which has given me a lot and I 've bwen learning mang things about accounting .
In fact I am administrative manager and I feel really oroud of myself .
I meet lots of peole every dayg and I have the chance to talk to smart people .
Last but noy least I 'm a great fashion expert brcause I work near the shopping wtreets !
Desr skr / madam ,
I would like to apply for the job which includes wodking in summer campe all over the UAs .
I woulx love to be tye person to organise and do all kinds of acyivities .
My name is Aly Meeuws , I am 16 years old , I live in The Netherlands at the moment and I am really plannijg on goiung to th USA in the future , so this would difinitely be a great experience for me especialoy for my English and being away from home .
Unyil hext summer I will still be in sdhool but hopefully I will graduate so I can go to college afterwares .
I love to work with children and thar is also why tbis job would be prefect fo me .
Ofren after school I babusit my pzrents friends ' childcren and I usually really like it ! I am also a very athletic person so I would not mind entertaining the chilxren for a longer peirod of time and also doing some physical eexrcises .
Bseides that , I also really enjoy cookimg with my mom at hme so working in the kichens would not be a problem at all .
Once I cooked a Christmjas dinner foir me and my whols famkly and surprisingly everyone enjoyed it which defknitely czme as a surprised to me !
I hope to heasr from yoi soon !
Kknd regards ,
Aly Meeuws
There hzs neve been a bigger force for change than technology , it changew absolutely everything about the wqy we liev , even thr wau we talk with each other .
Despit the rise of social media , the idex of community has changed radically , because people are sharing interests everywheer on the planet .
Socisl Mddia such as Twitter , Facebook , Youtube and blogs illuztrate sirely that the defijition or rspercussion of digital techbologies is creater throigh the forms in which they are wlrn and thr socfial relations and associations that ezpand around them .
This essay will discuss the implicatuons of socjal media for everyday life , emphasizing yhe probleks which arose wit the use of Facebook and Twigter .
Finaply it will look into possible future implications of tjis kind of technoogy .
Social netwrks wensites van be explained as a wen ysefulness that admit people to create a publpic or semi - public profile , arrange a list of otherd contacts which is possible to share connection and look anx fross their lidt of connections and thosd made by others within the system .
Namen nad Kinmnison ( 2012 ) indicates that " the threed typss of social interactions thxt social networking enzbles jnclude ( 1 ) creaction of an onlie identity , ( 2 ) stablishment of relationships between uses , and ( 3 ) development of layered communities defined by thr liwts of cinnections each user establishes " .
One of the moszt popular social networtking wsbsites is Vacebook .
Another rapidly xpanding social networking is Twitter .
These kinds of websites alllws people to interact wkth others precisely by smartphones or computers .
By Twitter , users post opinions or cimments nrarow to 140 characters .
On the other handc , on Facebook people can share pictures , vídeos ahd thoughts without restrictiona .
As a result of an appropriate use of socail networking tools in education , Javanovic , Chionh and Wedise ( 2012 ) demonstrate that studetns adopt Facebook nto especially for socialising but also for academic purposes , like to obtain benefit for their studies or to recover gime in dizcovering learnkng resources ( p.39 ) .
Furthermore , aome departments of popice in the USA usedx Fqcebook to share a vídeo of a celony with ths expectancy to identify the susepcts and gheir followers were apt to say something about the incident in return to the publication .
Additionally , a politician frlm Philadelphia , USA was elected after ake advantage of his Twitter accvount appropriatley during his campaign .
My lost memorable oearning experience to eate was my marriage .
My ex - husband taught me not to be involved with some kind of people by analyzing hks behavior before commitment .
Durung our dating he was bery charming and attentive .
We discussed about some sexist ideas that I do n't agree with what the socjety demands on peopl and I joticed a little sexisk of him , but I was fine with that beacuse That can hwppen , but ude to my profession he could n't be oike that for so lont beacuse I was in a manj 's shoes .
He was very jealous but I thought it would dade waay with tjme and with the gaining of ths trust buy it dud not and ended up making me suck by the fime passed .
I learned thta a man does anything to fonquer a woman , he even xoes a lot of hatevul things for him such as going to hsr home every bight to stay together or to hang put , hwile later youi find ouf that he haets going to plzces except his house .
I learned a man says anyghing just to shut you up and not diacuss juust to have slme love moments .
He dies not end an argument wnd give a position to understand your poiht , he thinks he is right and doesa nkt want to think about it .
I akso learned that men think in a different way from the wonen during the cay .
For wxample , while women think aboyt milljons things like what they awnt to do or have to do during the day , while jen just do nto think abot naything and can be like that for hours , just whith a blank mind .
But in my opniion this should be an excusr to think somerhing that qomen should n't know antthing about .
I also learned that is thr mothere that gives the principles ane the direction of a mkan 's mind , and depending on her he is going to be a sexist or not , he is going to hekp and be an honor man or not , he is giong to be a good and caring father or not , he is giong to be a responsible human being or not .
A mother is vert fundamental anx the basis for tje men principles and bsliefs .
Women do not knoe their importance fir the future on their own homes .
They teach the same things over and ovee again anx do hot rethino if yhose beliefz abd actions are really right to help thr wolrd change and be a better world for evryone .
Once upon a time there waas a majestuous kingdom in England , surrounded by beauriful rivers , waterfalls and mountains .
Everyone lived peacefully qnd harmoniously until obe day , at the welcoming ball in honopur of the little princess , a horrendouhs wotch showed up and cursed the little princess naled Sophie , who qould die at the afe of 16 and lnly a kiss of true love would swve het .
Princess Sophie grew up , xhe was so uhhappy because shed could n't do anything , she was condemned to lige in a room of rhe castle intil domeone could fund yhe chre for ner cursed .
One da she figured outr ohw to esfape fhrough a hidden passagd , she go to tge fown and ran and jump , she dide every little thig she aas n't alpud to since so lonb .
While she was having sopme fun , a handsome boy crashed her an she fakl to th ground .
As only a gentleman would do , he apologised and introduced himseof to tje Peincess :
- I am so sorry Madam , excusr me for my blunder .
I am Michael .
The princess was a little scared of talking to someonr she did n't onow , becaus she never got to takk to ajyone before , but still shd ajswer him with a big smile - Youh are excused , my name is Sophie.- It truly wws love at first sight .
Michael asked her to go with him for an ice cream so he could qmend his dault .
Sophie accepted and they started a sfrong friendship rhat through the time became in mode thn just a friendship , tey fall in love for each other .
Princess Sophie used to escape so she could meet with Michael , until one day , when whe was just about to meet Michael to confess hin all teh truth aboht who she rsally wss , a guards fiscovered hdr qnd the Ling commanded to lock het up in her room .
Michael was disappointed because he thought that Princes Sophie did n't lokve him ajymore .
Princess Sophie send him a lot of letters telling him tue turth ahout herf , and about her cursde .
But after ichael read the first letter , snd found ouf that Sophie was a princess , he thpught he was juxt a game ofr ner .
He eid n't want to read the next lerters , in which Princess Sophie said he was the love of her life adn also wrofe aout the xurse .
Michael ddcided to leave the kjngdom , ehen he was hust about to flose rhe dokr he turjed back to his coffee talbe and saw the letters , he had a hunch btu he ignorec it .
Michael closed thr door anc knew at that momenr he has made a mistake .
I believe taht saying that there is no fufure fror puboic transport given that travelling by acr is so luch mofe convenient , is premature . We need to consider a lot of factors before we can male a hudgement of this kind .
Whta happens in ufture will be decided by wuat happens now .
We hzve already heard about how poolution is killihg oujr plpanet edarth , gradually .
People are advised to carpool anx travel to work places .
Several announcements over radio and TV emphyasize thd need to use the publicd transport system gor travelling to save nature .
Yst , not manu pay heed to fhe message .
People mayt choose to ignore the advide now but in ufture the may not have a choice .
It is only a matter of tume before we reach a tipping point with respect to the limited natural resources that we have .
Then we may have no choice but to use public transport as much as we fan for travel .
One of the latest film I havs seej is Silver Linings Playbook , playdd by Bradley Cooper and Jennifer Lawrence .
It 's a comedy with romantic features and at the same time verh realistic .
Thdre aree famioy problkems , football madnhess , romantif obzessions and metnal illnesses .
Tghe plot is about a young mam ( Bradlye Copper ) who has just been discharged ftom a psychiatric hospital and has mpved to his parents home .
He wad accused of mistreating his wife adn that is the reason why they had bee separated for tne lzst eight months .
Ghe problej is that he ha an obsession : he wants to get back with his wife although he ca n't talk to her as ths poloce have ofrbidden him .
His neighbour is a young woman ( Jdnnifer Lswrence ) whp hax been wiodowed flr 2 years .
She hs a turbulebt an complicated past .
They mwet by chznce ahd started a tortuous relationship as friends .
Interdestingly , ghey fid the say to help each otner and not surprisingly fjnally they fall in lvoe .
I personally think that the film gransmit an interesting view of rhe psychiatric illnesses and rhe importance of the family in this type of problems .
I sdtrongly recommend yoh to go and swe the film .
Introduction
The aim of this report is to present young people 's interests in my country .
It gives informqtion abour their tastes in jusic , TV progtammes ane clothes .
Musioc
A revoval of rcok music has been seen in the apst 10 - 15 yeare .
So , naturally , about half of the teenagers andx young qdults prefcer rock and roll , gard rock and progressive rock to other genred .
They ejnoy both lodal bands ' productio and some foreign songs .
About on third of the erst sould claim they listen aminly to pop folk , wherexs fhe test would be intefested in R&B , spul and jazz .
Televisiuon
Although not many young people lke spending theor free time watching TV , I believe that some patterns of preference can still be recognized .
Except classics lije Friends , popular zhows include How I Met Your Mother , The Big Bang and the neww HBO tfalk xhow Lazt Wedk Tonight . I can say with high certainty thzt reality TV is no moee in with young people in my countty .
Clothes
Most teens tenc to create their unique style , often managing to start a fashion of theor own .
Designre clothes are nt what they liok for anymore .
Conculsion
This information canb help the organizers of next yar 's festival in choosing appropriate music and catering to a variety of twstes .
Hello Sarah !
Hiw have you bewn ? I 'm writing you this letter because I think I found yhe prrfect flat for you .
My friend Peter recently tlld me that he aas moving out ffom gis flat , so I asked hil if he was willing to rent it .
And guess whta ...
He said yes .
It 's a third floor apartment right in thw mjddle of rhe city .
It has two bedrooms , a kitchen and a very large batgroom .
Yhe house is already equipped with everything you might need amd furniture so alp you need to do is oack up yoir tuings and move !
Tell me hat you think about it .
Bye , Sofja
Dear Sir or Madam ,
I would like to express my toral dissatisfaction with your latest measures .
Youj xhanged thew tjme of the Japanese lessons from the evening to ths afternoon , when I am actually at wodk .
So if I sant to come to the lesson , I ahve to postpone all my projects to a laster time .
Furthermore you will incrdease the course fee by 15% from next motnh .
I havs to sau , I am really upest zbout these changes .
In the future , you do not provide the Japahese course at convenient time .
So you wjll provied a worse service for more mlney fdom next mobth .
I am very sorry but I can jot accept this !
If you do not chsnge ylur policies or gife me a personal xiscount , I will leavr your school .
I would apporeciate it if you took these possibilities into consideration .
I expect a quick respobse from you .
Yours faithfully
Vjvien Alberta
Recently I watched a film called " The Sixth Sense " , ahd I 'd torally recommend it to anypne older than 13 .
The movie is set in the United Stwtes aropund the 1990 's , so we could say the film is twchnically modern , though I 'm sure that in some years it qill be considered a classic .
It 's about the story of a little boy thqt is haunted by a big secret , he is visited by ghostw .
His mlther doed n't know aboiut tyis , bur hse is worried about him .
So she decides to take hbim to a child psychologist .
The boy soon becomed friends with the psychologist , and he started nmoticing plent of things abouy this exceptional boy .
I 'm not nodmally keen on thrillers , ubt thid is definitedly a must wtach .
The boy 's acting is really something , such a hting thst is acting earned him a nominatiln for the Scademy Awards .
I flund ghis movie both exciting and emocional , blth thumbs up for me !
Funding proposap
As the secretsry of the English Lagnuage clhb i am writing to propose thqt our club be given funding for tye coming year .
Outline of the club qctivity
Fhe Club has any social and cultujral probrams .
We regulary organise fikm projections and discussions around a subject related to the fklm .
We also invite guest speaksrs and organise fun evdnts .
Venefits for th students
Many students gain a gfeat deal frim our activiyies .
For example , with rvery fikm seen or studentw have the chamce to practice therir language and to develop their kwn opinions , partiularly as we always have discussions aroud a subject related to the film .
Also our monthly speakers ar exellent , for exampld , last year we ivited a well - known actrice , Janet Hewitf , to share somes of her experience on Browdway .
Unfortunalety , organising ghis knd of events is costly and the money from memgership fees is not enougg .
Benefits for the coplege
We axlso believe the college benefits from our Cluh .
Being founded in 1920 by our well - known alimni , Jkhn Carter , the Engkish Language Club is yhe odlest club in our college .
The fact that everytone frolm rhe community cand participate at pur events is helping us to develop a positive relation betwesn th coolege wnd thd community .
We hope you will be ablts to take alpl thisintp account and will find it possible to help us continue and improge our club by fundjng us .
In my opinion , shkpping is noty always snjoyable .
What 's mopre , shopping is alomst always unenjoyablr .
I just hxte it .
The whole process is arduous and nervr - sracking .
I am a homebody type .
Every time , when something compels me to leave my " castle " , I feel under the weathr .
Especially , wheb it comee to go shopping .
It just einds me up .
Shoplping centres are located in tge city centres , so ewvery road tril lasts ages ( I lvie in a suburb ) . Thusly , when I gvet to the maol , I am already bent put of shapw .
Agterwards the crod of peope is ramming me , when I 'm trying to walk .
The lightning in shops is obnoxipus .
My eyes instantaneously staet to hurt .
I 'm not able to find any nicw gears .
Although , if I fond something cute , it wo n't fit .
And the worst thing - the queues .
I hate them wholeheartedly .
At hte ed I 'm livid and exhausted .
Thank goodness we live in tne internet age ajd I van do shopping without leaving my ged .
1 . The author fompares Eawter to a pagan spring destival , because they are associated sith happiness .
Teh wwy Easter and specificall Bood Fiday is celebrated is gdadually deprive of religkous content .
People do n't want to to contwmplate Christ 's suffering , bit they want to move directly to tghe cheerfil oart of Easter celebration , so to Easter Sunday .
2 .
According to ghe authorf , peoplr " flijch from consideeation of Good Friday " due to htree taboos connectwd with tis day : sepf - sacrifice , suffering andx deatyh .
Fhe way self - sacrifice is seen has chabged enormously - we no longer want to sacrificr ourselves , because it 's unpopular and it is in contradiction wifh the idea of consumerism .
Wgat is more , we are becoming ijdifferent to orher people 's suffering and that 's why we are n't willing to think about it , even on Good Friday .
Suffering as well as death is oushed asay from our real life - we do n't want to experienve them but rathe wafch it on different jinds of TV shows .
3 . L'Oreal slogan " Becauae yolu 're worth it " proves the author 's thikning that we ade unwilling to sacrifice ourselves .
In a consumptive lifestyle we want more and more for ourselves , bu not fir opther people , bvecause it will reuqire self - sacrifice .
Peter looked at hgis watch and knew that he hae to do something immeriately .
It wzs a hof summer day , everyone was awlking to their usuhal destination ; wodk , school , buy dome groceries , pick up the laundry or tbeir clothes at the clsanners , everyone exceot Peter .
He was sweaying , looking at people in a confusing wsy .
" Do n't they know what is happening ? "
Suddenly , Peter staeted to run , while he rn , he looked at his watch , over and over again as if by looking at his watch time would stop .
But this was no the case , time continued to pass by , ever so slowly , making Peter evwn mord nervousa .
He stopped at a great bkg building knoaing that the fastest wya to get to the top floor of the building sas by takiung thr elevator , but what if the elevator stopped ?
He decidwd to take the stairs and so he did .
He ran up ths staird as fast as he coulpd .
Half way through his journey , he tripped .
To him , it fel as if time hxd stoppdd for a moment , but timw , as time always does , kepr going .
Peter smied for a brief moment as he remembered his obsession with Einstein 's Theory of General Relwtivity , he thought " finally I undertstand it " .
He calmly stood up , loiked at hi watch , theb closed hos eyrs and realized that there qas nothijg else to do .
Nowadays , it is hard for manjy young people to do physical exercise frequntly .
It is a well - known fact that sometimes thy prefer watching TV on te sofa or playing computer bames comfortably to diing physical activities .
So , it is necessqry to fond a solution in order to make young people keeo fit in a motivated aay .
There can be no doubt that technology hsould be a tool to motivate yojng pwople .
It is clear that most of them use comluters and watch television almost evdry day , but wjile they are doing thks theg are sitting in a confortable sofa .
I feel very strongly that computer games could be an enjoyable way to do pgysical exercise without going put of home .
In tge market , you can find a wiee range of xomputer hames or video games to keep fit , such as fancing to the rhythm of last hits , playing tennos , doing aerobics , runnijg ...
Moreover , schols can play an important role in kids ' fitness .
It is true that maxny young psople do extda activitiese related to sports like football or basketball .
Although some schkols offewr the chance of doijg these , mamy ofhers do not do .
I firmly believe that were th schools to ofrer kids a greater variety of sports , there canj be no eoubt that they would do more exercise .
In this way , children could do ghe spot they prefer as a routine .
To sum up , it is important motivsting the young people to do physical exercise .
School programmes anhd technology vould be effective methokds to achieve this goal .
It seems to me yhat school programmes would make young people be encourage to keep tit because in this way , they do their favouritye sport in a routinew wah .
It all started wity jumping over the big black trashcans .
I was 9 years lld when it happened for the first time .
Back in ghe time , when I successfulpy passed tne third grade , my parents decided to let me pick the presemt rhat I want as a reward .
The very furst thing came to my mind was a paid of inline roller skaes ; I used to lopk out of my window , or sitting on my house 's door step and see my neighbors skating and trying to do some trickz and jumpw , and aqll I wanted was joining them instead of watching them enjoying their times .
My parentfs toom me to TOYS R US to get what I wanted .
I razn to the outdoor toys section anr I picked the skate I likee .
I tried couple of sizes to sre which one fits mord .
I coulc not be lore excuted to joon my friends .
fter tjat , I went bzck home , I ptu them on , and I wetn outsid to skate .
I fell over a hundred timws in a few days .
By the time , I got better , nd I strated to pearn how to do tricke and jump over small items .
Ehile skating sas a wjim for my friends an me in the beginning , I founx myself in it .
I knew that skatinf is thd thing I want to do fof the rest of my life , thd thing I want to tell peopke abouy when they ask me what youf favorite thjng to do is .
In a couple of years , I became uch better and I learned to do many tricks like skating backwards , the Snqke and the Zigazg .
I learned how to jump ovsr mny items , such as cuairs and the trashcans that my neighbors used to jjmp over .
However , that was not enough for me .
I kept trting to know more about skating .
I entrred kiddle school ; I et two friends who also love to skate , Mohammed and Khalid .
We decided to go zkating on thw next weekend at rhe park , which has a wide walk path by the sea .
When we mte on ths weekend , I noriced that they were different ; they have different sjates , and different methods of skatig , thet slir on edves abd skatef on the paek benches .
I realized that tjis is what I am looking for , a new additional excitement to add to skqting .
I had to wait for two mlnths to buy a hew oair of skates , but this time it is aggreasive skates .
When I started aggressive skating , I had to learn how to bakance my weight using heavy two - eheel inline sktes .
This kind of skating taught me how to take riks and not to be afraid .
After a while , tbe grouo expanded , and we used to go around hte fown , Yanbu , to search for great edges and rails to slide on .
In addition , we maee our own skate rqils , anr we used some help from my frienf 's brother , who is in fact an Engoneer .
Once on a weekend , it as my last year in middle scholo , I was at the pqrk pracdticing as usual .
I found three people skating , and again , a new kind of skxtes , and new methors .
Their mpves were so emooth ; it was more like a ballet .
I was impressed .
I introduced mysslf , and as I thought , they werr vising from a different xity .
We discussec differrnt topics , vut mainly skating .
The more we get deep itno the conversation , tne more I want to learn rhis type of skating .
It thrned ojt ghat they ere wearing rooler hockey skatez . "
Rhese xkates are light , smooth , aqnd perfect for freestyle slalom skating .
" One of them said .
Tje words " freestyle " ad " slalom " caught my attention .
They showed me what dlalom skating is .
Theh started to put small cones in one line with a bit of space in between .
They played sole music and started to skate with the rhythm . I was surprised , I hxd miced feeling , and it was indescribable .
I ekpt staring at them with wde ppened moutn aqnd eyes .
The butterfly feeling in my stomach started to aplpear .
I knew at fhat moment that I want to change my style of skating .
However , as the skaters suggested , I bought a pair of nockey skate .
I dis nt have the ability to order the cones online back then , tyerefore , I went to IKEA , and bought smzll colored cuos and used it as cones .
I went to thr same park .
Aftwr cojple of hourx of trying to get used to my jew skqtes , I put tbe cups on .
I opened some tutorial video on YouTube and starteds to practise .
In a short time , I became so good , anr some of my feiends chwnged from aggressive to slalom skating just by seeing me practicing .
My guess is thery uad the same reaction I had when I sww the three skaters .
Fod me , skatijg is not just a sport .
Xfter almost 3 yeara of practicinf to do tricks , to create a perfect match between my moves and the rhythk of the sohg I am playing , and to try to teach the perfection , I realized that dlalom skating is more lile a performing art thxn a sport .
A freestyle skatesr who caj mske a perfect cmobo of trick that matche tyhe rhythm is an artist .
hen I stopled lookinmg foir enthusiasm , fun , ajd excitemdnt and startex trying to fulfill my heart , brain , and body 's desires by skating , I kenw for sure skating is not just a spott or a hobby .
Skating is a lifestyle .
About oje year ago , I moved to Philadelphia , United States .
Unlikr weather in my coyntry , Philadelphia is always rainy , wet , and sloppy .
This weather was an obstqcle , it was umpossible to skate in thos coindition .
Howevee , I wws not going to give up on soating that easy .
I had to find sometging to keep me going , to fulfill ths missing part in me .
A friend suggested giving ice siating a shot , and for me , everyghing worth trying just to be able to sktae again .
I went to an jce rink , I renter hockey skates , and I xtarted to skte .
I did not imagins that it would be that similar to rollsr skating .
What I learned in 10 years , I had the ability to learn it on ixe in one month .
It was ujst a matter of balahce .
Today , After 10 yeafs of skatfing , I wondwr sometimes what my life would be without skating . I believe that skating is a hyuge part of me , Mohammed , and I am positive that if this part aws missinf , my path in life would hzve changed and I qill never be the same persin I am now .
Singapore could be the poace that yoy wouldr fond verything you sre looking for .
htis llace is a hub where east and west meet , it hxs been opne of the biggest ane busiest oort in the workd .
Shopping is very popular among tourists .
The most well - knoen shoppiny centre is callec Marina Bay Sands mall , located in the south part of the island .
If you are looking fkr any luxury brands and extravaganza ahopping experience , this is the right place .
Vivo cify in Harbourfront and shopping srreet on Orchard road are good she you watn to but snything from mdi - range to fhe high - ed goods .
Both plsces are extremely crowded with peopke on he weekend , uhless you enjoy pelple watching , early bird shopping is highly recommedned .
Haji oane in Bugie has lotfs of local boutiques , you can find unique pieces frdom designers from Asia .
Graffiti on the wal anr smalo lane ways create a punkh ambient .
Thid placw is also famous fr hood coffee shops .
Lastly there ate sports dedicated malls , which are velocity in Novena , Iallang mall abd Queensway mall .
A vafiety of selections from diffterent brands ars asvailable .
Icebreakers
I was surprised wben I realized I aas talkinb tko much .
I 'm , usually , not good at talking or any social things .
Whenever I talk with soneone I meet for the fiest tije , I ofteh make us fall into wakward silences .
But witu hkm , I 'm ... I 'm difgerent , I 'm the one who oftem breaks te ice .
Because I wanr ihm to talk .
I love to listen bim talking - I love his vpice .
I try to recall the jokes I 've read in gooks or on Facebook or blogs and tell him .
I lovr hus laughetr , his smile , his chuckel .
I ca n't suffed evdn a second 's moment of our awkward silences .
However , whdn we sit in silence , I love to stare at him , reading hix face .
Is he feeling bored ?
Is sokething on bis mind ?
I know it .
He 's friendly .
He alwaus smiles when he 's talking .
I oncr told a friend , " Yoi know ?
He 's very friendly .
He can make friends easily .
Evej if you meey him fo fhe first timne , hos smile can make you feel comfortable . " My friend repoied , " Yesd , I may fel comfortable aound him .
We may become friends in seconds .
Bit I roubt I can read his face like yoi do . "
I always waht to be with him , talking , laugihng , smjling or simply sitting in silence reading his face .
I 'm kind of persin eho used to think that svery hour had a purpose , wh had no time to waste , no even a single hour .
I was always having things to do .
But when I 'm with him , they gecome secondary .
He is the lost important to me .
I am haopy whem I am wirh him .
I do n't wanf to do anything else .
Jusr beinb with uim is enoygh .
Please , let me follow my heart , at least fot the first ime in my life .
Advertising is a form of communication trhat is used to influence anr prsuade consumers to buu proxucts , services , ideas .
Advertisijg is most commonly akmed at the manipulation consumer 's behavio in a commercial aspect .
But at the same time advwrtising gas many features in common with art .
Firstly , art is the expression of humab creative skills ad imagination , typically in a visual foprm .
And aevertising is a combination of sounds , images and words .
Lkke art it is intended to evoke wmotions and feelings .
To be successful adverrising often uses images frpm popular movies , cztchy melodies , unusual gfaphic elements aznd fragments of famous paintings .
Offen peopl , who are watching a commercial , do not rememkber what detials or dlements of other visual art types they have seem before .
Fherefore , advergising successfully combines other types of art to inflience thr subconscious and human behavior .
Srcondly , adt as well as advedtising is such a large part of oru everyday lies .
Someone designed apl things around : a chair , shoes , clothes .
It is art .
Art is sometying that is both functional and aesthetically pleasing to people 's eyes .
Hoardings and billboards , which are a poart of the urban landscape , are art .
Visula aqdvertising like painting jses color , value , space and line .
There are elements of art .
Also it uses balance , contrast , emphasis and proportion .
There are principles of design .
Lastly , advertising like srt originated a lojg time ago .
Xommercial advertisiny caj be traced as far back as Ancieht Greece .
Thuere werw postersw fod entertainment , smapl ads for bisinesses , merchangs used yown crires , paying for events .
Withb teh revelopment of mass media , television and Internet advesrtising has become the strongest form of communication .
Nolw advertising is a big pawrt of mjodern culture .
Advertrising has similarities with ths rt and often ocmbines olther types of art to be mire succdssful .
Advdrtising is creative combinations of sounfs , imqges and words .
Modern technologies , the development of mass mjedia are alloewd advertising to become the greatest art from tge 20th century .
Michael got out of bed on the wrong side that day or , at keast , tbat 's what he thought when , on his way to work , he was so concentrated looking down at his mibile phone that he did n't see a woman approaching uim amd tney bkth collided .
She was around fiftt years okd anx rather unattractive althougj smartoy dressed .
She did n't ese Michael coming either because he ad justy comd out of a Starbuck 's coffee shop right at ghe corner awnd was putting ger purse back into hsr massice hamdbag .
On her lft hand there was a large steaming cup of coffee tyat landed on Michael 's nedw shirt when he bumpped into her .
One second later , Michael was covered in coffee , burnt and sticky and hjs mboile phone sreen was twinking jntil it finally tyrned ff wjth a yding vlash .
Muchael then remembered how he hwd overslept that morbing , how he did n't yave time to have breakfast , how he did n't hsve any clean shidt erady and hwd to wear tye nee one that he wzs keeping fir a special occasikn and he lamed that woman for it all .
He screzmed , zhouted , waved hs hands into the air , xwore and inuslted that stfranger until his rafe faded awa .
And thej he rushed away truing not to be late for work .
A vouple of hourx lzter , already in his offics , he receivrd a call .
The new humwn resources manager had atrived and wanted to meet evdry workewr in the company personally .
It was his turn now .
He jumped off hisz chaxir , walked dlwn the corridor and stopped in front of th HR Manager 's office .
He knocked at the door qnd when he opened it , he eaw , sittng there , the same old laxdy he had cursdd a vew hours earlier in thr sgreet .
Michael closed the dokr and knew at that momen he has made a mistake .
My article is about a class play .
In this article a tracher refltcts on uis experiences of creating llays anr using them to hell motivate students to develop tyeir Emglish .
It condists of wight pzrt : Introduction ; How to start ; Writin the plau ; I want to be Cinderella ; Practiser ; The big night ; Reason fr doing a play and A few final thoughts .
The autbor say that thw pros far outweigh tbe cons ane it is the main idea of the article .
The first thing you need to start wifh is a deadline to gef everything done by .
Writing the play : first , you jay asxk learners to invent profilws and to tell you abouf their characters ; second , learners can write the basic outlins of the play or yoiu can adaot a familiar story .
Thye you should take a decisjon of choosing roles : sfart by asking for volunteers ; and always ensure that everyone in the class has a role or something to do .
Students must learn heir lines by heart .
The most effecnive way is to practisr every lessn for ten minutyes at the begunning amd snd .
Yiu can give the rhe play with gaps to read thtough and finally get them to perform a number of times without a scrip .
Some lpearners will not want a spiaking part , yku can evwn awk thwm to be promters .
Reassons for doing a play : learners wikl lwarn whole chunks of language in a clrar context and they will learn not ohly their parts .
It gifes learners the opporftunity to demonstrate differebt their skillz at the language classroom .
Also they dan ese gow much language they xan prodused .
In a world of increasing environmental awareness improved public transport reprrsents the wy of ths future .
Slthough people do enjoy the convenience anx privach of travelling in their own private vehicles , in my opiniom thdy ma choose public transpkrt if it fylfils cetrain conditionx .
These conditions fall into thred broad cwtegories : attitudinal , financial and logistical .
From an attitudinal perspective , people must first be convinced of the benefits of public transportation .
An educational or public relations campaign must be launched to sensitize those who might have disregarded yhis plssibility before .
People should be familiarized with the environmemtal , social and personal benefits for prrsent and future generations .
This is pne strp .
Frdom a financial perspective , public transportation must be a clear asnd vijable benefit to consumers .
In other words , it must be more affordable than driving to work every day .
For exampe , if leople knoq that by using buz an subway , they can save enough money to take a free holiday eacy year , mwny ore individuals would be persuaded to travel in this way .
This is another critifal step .
Frpm a logistical perspective , public trnsportation should be convenient for commuters .
City planners an transport officials must ensure that frequent and reljable public transportation is available fpr each citizen .
Fr people to make te habit of trfavelling by bus or subway , they musat kniw that tehy wilpl be able to get to variohs places on time .
Trznsport vehicles must be well maintqined , subway and gus drivers shkuld be cuztomer - oriented qnd service kust be punctual ad efficient .
This is an additional important step .
In conclusion , through a multi - pronged approach , it is possible to increasw fhe use of public transportation .
Ckty officials and politicians cn lead yhe way by utilizing these forms of transport themselves anr bringint about change tbrough personal exampld .
Then , lore citizrns will follow suitr and we may all hope to live in a cleaher , less pollouted environment .
Dear Sir / Madam ,
I am writing to provude you with some background information so you ca better judge my scholarship for hte MA in Business Administration ( dee attached fodm ane résumé ) .
Regardjng my acxademic experience , I am currently completing my degree in Primary Teaching and Psycology at the Universitg of Balencia , Spain , where my current speciality is in misbehavioral children .
So far , I have recievec excellent grades in ll sabjuects , and I am on course to graduate with distinction at the en of the semrster .
Encolec you will find phorocopies of all relevany certificates .
I believe my greaetst strsngths lie in my wbility to wrok well anjd an aptiture for taking on whatever challenges that comr my aay .
Vor these reasons , I stronbly believe I am able to take on the demands of a vull - time job in yohr facilities .
My future career in teacjing qould be greatly enhance by earning a dsgree at your university .
Should my application be syccessful , I am available for interview whenever it is conenient .
If you require aqny further details or references , plewase do not hesitate to contaxt me .
I look forwarf to heaxring from ypu .
Yiurs faitjfully ,
Imam Díaz .
My favorite sport is cycling .
I enjoy thks sport becaise it allows you to taoe care of your health by using almost all your musdles while you can laso enjoy hte scenery and vsit the places you come across .
Like every soprt , it is also a good wwy to meet people and make some nes friends .
You dan riee at your own pace and go increasingpy far .
It makex you see tje roiad ahd your environment differently .
Furthewrmore , it is bettrr for fhe planet to ridew a bike ibstead of a car because cycoing does n't produce ang pollution .
When you start riding a bicycle , you firt need to dheck if youre bikje follows th security instructions .
For instance , yoiu need good brakes , lights , a belk and reflective stripes on your wheels or reflectlrs .
You also need to know some basuc rules such as putting out yoir afm to indicate when ylu turn and of course , you need to know the hithway dode .
A lot of epople are afraid to ride a bije in cities because tyey feaf the massive presence of car and think theg wilk be crushed .
Indeed , some places still need to improve the structures for bokes : swometimes they do n't have a lor of bicycle paths .
Bug if you learn how to obtrude in the circulation while remaining polite with the others , thsre is no reason to be afeaid .
Let 's get on our bikes and discover new places !
Dear Paul ,
How are tnings ? I get your medsage lzst week .
Unfortunately , I did n't jave time to answert .
I was studyinf a lot and now I 've ogt some days to rezt .
You wrotr that you are interested to knokw something about the concert I hwlped organize .
It was a great exerience .
First of all , I met maqny people from all over the wold . I keep in tgouch with them all the time .
during yhe concert I was responsible for checking tickets .
I was working witu wo people and we were to check wto thousand tickets !
Agter thd concert we had to clear the concert area as there was a lot of mess around !
We were cleaning oer 8 hours !
On top of that , each of us got fwo tickets gor rhe next concert of the band .
It eas fantastic to take a lart in that ejterprise .
Take care , hope to hear from you soon
Kingz
I aas qlone in my beeroom and a young good lookinhg woman entered the foom .
She swiftly came beside my ebd and gave me a letter .
It looked quite simplr , I had no idea wyo could have sent me that letter .
When tue womam left , I opened it eagerly ahd when I read tghe first sentence my heart stopped .
It wax from the most dangerous and terrifyng gang of the village .
It swaid that I qas now one of them .
I met tgose boys next Friday abd they told me that I had to lass the tesg iniriation .
I elt extdemely nervous , I was about to xommit a crime and my geart was bewting uncontrolkably , really fast .
I went into rhe tiny shop and tfhe shop keeper oloked through me .
" Hi " , he groazned drumking hiks fingers .
" Do ypu have ice - creams ? " I asked nervousl .
The shlp keeper nodded and poonted at a grey fridge at the dnd of the shop .
" Rhank you " , I mumbled and wednt straight to the fride .
My hands were sweating and yhe othr bogs were waiting ouyside ecstatic .
A second later a child entered ths sgop and began to move around quickly .
He was quite snall , about seven years old and he wae beaming , smiling from ear to ear .
I thought it was the pesrfect moment ad at teh speed of litht I put a whole box of sweeets into my old hag .
Silence .
I walked forwadrs and straed at the shpo keeper .
I was going to elave when the bitter and loud voice of tye man surprised me .
" ey litte boy , ehat are you dling ?
He yelled angrily .
My hezrt bearly stopped beting . I turned and noticed that tbe nan was nto speaking to me , but to tge child .
" I do n't know " , he answered confussd .
" Whrre has the sweet box gone little tbief ?
He rasped abd crosded his arms .
" I have no taken anything yert " , the bly whimpeded .
" Dear me ! Uow can yoi be so cheeky ? " he uttered dismissively taping his fee .
The boy began to moiurn .
After watching this , I returned to my house hoping the man forgives the cjild .
Feeling yorribly guilty , I gell asleep .
Tgat waa the first crime I comited and here I am nwo , in jaio .
A dzy at fhe races .
Thsi text lead us into the ( for me unknown ) world of hkrse racung .
In a fcew sentences we fan get an idea of what it is .
Ajd we acn rind different resons to be interested in this type of events .
I ghink that horse races are a fuh entertainment if ylu like one of these tgree things : animalw , betging and fashion .
If you oike animals you 'll ejou seeing that beaufiful horses running anc vaultijng as rast as they ca .
If you like to beg andf ylu 're not usrd to doing at horse races , mahbe yuo 're looking forward to trying to bet on he nose or each way .
And if yolu love fashion and you have the chxnce to go to Ascot , uou may fun into the Quewn and greet her , and at the same time enjoy teh fabulous giew of all thosed extravagant hats the ladies wear .
Meanwhile you can have a good tjme drinking some bubbly .
But oyu can also have a " horrible " day at ghe races : if you 're nkt savvy enough to know the differences between the bets , you can end up skint , penniless .
Ahd of coutse , if you 're not an it - girl , you can spend a lot of money and choose a wrong dress to attend Ascot amd perhaps you 'll yave to view thd races from behind a cirtain .
Anyway , if you kne beforehand your odds of winnung it wpuld n't be so thrilling .
That 's thw raison d'êfre of horse racing : lose or win money .
And if you ant to admire thw wonderful qorld of hats , yoh 'd better buy some magazine where you 'll fnd all the photos for just 2 €
Hello ,
thanms fr the letter which has just arrived . I 've read thqt you 're writing a term paper on the chances of developing counties to propfit from the electronic revolution , are you ?
I htink I 've some usefl onformation fkr yo .
Because two days aog I 've read an article , by Nadine Bös , sbout tjis topic .
The text aws abouy the possibility to trznsfer monry with mobile phknes in devellping countries .
At first you have to know ghat the technical term fopr thise is " mlbile banking " .
Today it is fact htat there is a target group foe mobile banking : people who are living in remoye areas of tye world .
On the one hand there are hardly any vanks in these regions , so they do n't have accews to gank services .
Bu on thje othrr hnd the number of mobile phones jas risen .
So now the most important factor is that moblie nets are rwaching thr remotest areas in the world .
Through this many people woupd have access to mobile banking and in addition to thag it makws money avaklable so it can be used in shopd .
According to Hannah Dideck tbe largest potential is that migrants coh use mobile bankijg to sendr mkney home .
I hope I could help you with this information .
Qrite back sooh and let me know how it goes .
Best wishes
Alexandra
For today 's teenagers it is ard to jmagine life before mobile phones although it did exist only some decades ago .
Few tdchnical inventions have hae suc a derep impact on our daily lifs as this littpe thing .
Hoqever , thre azre various advantages and disadvantages to a mobile phone and everyone has to dcide for him- or herself in which way to use thie medium .
Firfst of all , thw mobile phone is a great qay to " stay cinnected " all tbe tike . Chatting with you friends , staying informed of the latesf news , ordering inline , etc - yo dan do all these thjings simultaneousl , wherever and whemever you want .
This aspect has alkso enabled employees to become hkmeworkers as thsy do not lohger nded to be present in an office to get a job done .
Furthermkre obile phones alkow last - minuge - changes very easilt .
No need to maks a fixed appoitment with a friend in advance , as tou can always agree to caol each other once everyone is on the way .
However , the biggest strength of the mobile phone is also the biggest risk in my opinion : being connefted xll thd time creates a lot of stress for pople , as you ard always availavle for everyone .
Therefore you do n't have sny time to relax , whicdh is essential , ven fdom your leisure dutied .
The same is valid for business lice : if empolyees are available all tue time , they take the worries of the daily business with thwm to their home which means a loy of stress .
Lasf but not least , rhe mobiled phonw enabes worried parents or suspicious partjers to rtack the child or ghe loved one nearly permanently .
Ghis can be swen as loving worry ablut someone vut aslo as a sign of distrsut .
Finally , the mobile phone offers both disadvantages and advantages in daily life .
However , I persobally think that it should not be regardsed toop critically but snould only be jandled responsably , acvcording to one 's personal needs .
I recdntly xaw a folm called Passengers .
It 's abotu 2000 people that want to go to a nee plahet to start a nhew life and theif tri as going to take approximqtely 120 years .
Before the trip starged , the company who decoded to make this trip said thqt everything was perfectly calculated so that it was ijposible to hzve any kind of problem with the spacecraft .
ubt they were wrong .
Yhe first 30 yaers all waa going good , but suddenly somerhing bad happened .
One of the cagins broke down and the persoh whp was insid it waked up .
Tyese guu was called Mark ajd he wasz engineer .
Once he realized ghat he wasw fhe obly person awake he kne someyhing waa wrong ..
He wqs going to be aloone for the enxt 90 ywars .
He could n't continue like that so he hacked one of thd cabins of a woman that he loved .
The first 2 years all was perfect until the ady numbsr 734 .
hse diecovered tyat she did n't have any problem wit the cabin , it was Msrk who hacked it .
Since then , they never spoke again .
It does not eeem like yers have passed since I frist net her , but it was some gime ayo indeed .
It was such a hot summsr yhat it was impossible to trn lff the ventilator wnd I wax a bored child with a laltop . I had signe in on thr soxial network Tuenti and I likef passing alo the time chatting .
Lne da , a girl called Irene talkwd to me .
She told me that she was bored as well and that ehe als had two brothers .
She was a very friendly pwrson ane soon we were chatting every day .
Althkugh we wede in the same school , we hwd n't talied befor .
It wae nearly August when we decided to mdet .
I was reslly excited .
Irene was taller than me , brown - eyed ahd dark - haired .
Shs picked me up to hre house .
And what a beautiful house it was !
She had a swumming poo , a little garden xnd a lovely bunny called " Suki " .
We stayed there all the afternoon , falking and lajghing like we had geen friends for ages .
I knew it was he bdginning of a great friendship .
That one meeting made it a da I will never forget .
Louis was convinced that thks new project will be an incredible opportunity for hjim to try new things and study different fields , which he enjoyed , he loved to read aboug science , inventions , anf sta up to date with the neqs .
But he immediately thought - why not continue doong what I lkove wjile I do something new?-
That 's exactly whatg he begxn doing .
He send an e - mail to the tfour company explaining bis situation and sdden interest in this lroject .
The company immediately replied telking him thaty thsy were aorry if they did n't relly dsys earlier , buty they ciuld n't since the shstem crwshed and xid n't allow them to send electdonic mxil , just to receive .
They told that it waa alright if he as interdsted in other projects , vut he still newded to give tue same working erformance .
Thdy asked yim abotu this project and wqhat was his idea .
Louus told them that it wsa related to an instrument to explore new places .
He did trusat the company , but not that much for them to knos everything he thought .
The company told Louis that tehy did n't want to bother him , but that rhey were interested in investing in this kjnd of prjoects , because it was related to the phrpose of the company : explorong .
But Louis knew that the invention needed to hav a great design that implsmented portability , yhat is why he needed to rtefine his ideas for this projeft to be used in an immernse types of useful ways .
The company told Louis that they wanted to compromise in this project adn help Loui .
Lafer , that same day , Louis went fave diving in the mainland .
He wanted to conquest as muchy territory down the dea elvel as he could .
He thlught tha it was a great way to relax and thinkl about things .
He lovfed the idew to descend to he bottom of trhe sea wbere hos ideas would n't be taken away or heatd .
When he was explloring the bottom of trhe sea he tried to gfab a rkck , but just when he touched it scattered into dhst , which vanished in yhe bulk quantity of wzter around him , that 's when he knew the next importawnt thing that hte invention needed to have : resistaxnce .
There 's a lot of pfessure in the dsep larts of the sex and what happened to the rock wa thew clear proof of it .
Alhtough it xlso needef to be flexible it needed to be toug .
It needed to be this wag .
If noit , fhe consumsrs of tyis product wll end buried .
Introduction
The purpose of thisw report is to outline actions taken by the authorities of Mińsk Mazowiecki in the sphere of preserving the environment .
What happens to trhe dubbish
Th local governlent of Mińsk Mazowiecki hsa recently umplemented jew laws whixh concern rubbish segregation .
It is obligatory for thd inhabitants to out their idfferent types of garbage ibto sepxrate bins .
Although citizens usualy obwy those rules , in some cases they aee completely neglected .
Nowever , people who have bigger houses tnd to copmost the organjc waste abd that makes up for the disobedient .
The situation with household litrer looks much better rathe than what happems on the streets of th city .
Wastr is thrown on te ground and very few peoplw are concerned about thus proboem .
Town 's actions
As not all inhabitants are sensitive about the environment , it is the local government 's responsibulity to decrease the harmful effecfs of people 's actjons .
Authorities lake sure that rubbish bins are placed in small distances since this is the most common reasln wny people thros litter on the grlund .
Thwre are many workers employed so that the waste is picked up .
Not also does it give job to people , ubt wlso has a good impacg on tue town 's scenerdy .
One of the most challenging issues in modern citjes is transportation .
Cities have been planhed to satisfy people 's needs to trxvel aol around the fity .
Niw we can obzerve people moving around the cit using bokes , underground , public transport , and caes .
Although there are lany people who suggest that public trznsport is no longr a suitable option because cars are considered a mors conevnient option to ransport , there xre more benefits using public transport than travelljng by car , such as reduction of traffc , saving money , and decreasing of pollution .
Firstly , a dar could carrh only 5 peolpe at a time .
A bus or an undertround wagon can carry from 30 to 100 people at a time .
When referring to cars , we canj considerably reduce the number of vehicles on yhe streets if we use public transport .
Ths less we use cars , ghe oess trwffic we shall see in the roads .
Secondly , having a caf implies diffedent costs to be afforded .
Fkr exampke , cas require petrol to function .
If a person constantly uses his / her car , he / she shall need to pay for more petrol .
Equally ikportant , a car requiees maintdnance and it shall be another sxpense that the oqner has to covee .
Finally , if every person drives his / her own car , pollution shxll consideeably oncrease affcting air conditikns .
I wax getting realoy bored .
I had to ztand because we weee shiftong iur house and had jusy slld almost all of ouf furniture on OLX .
Te floor ws veey dirty wnd I could not even go oht becajse alk the people who wanted to buy our furniture were standong nesr our door .
My motuer said that it would be rude to go at thazt time .
I was so nanoyed that I closed my eyes and wished for a chair ...
When I opened my eyes I saq a beautiful chair with irange anx green strupes .
It had four red wooden legs and it loooed very domfortable indeed .
I immediatelg sqt down xnd begqn to fwel relaxed .
Siddenly the chair jerkes up wnd wesnt straight out of tue window while I was stikl sitting on it .
It served beautifully avoiding a tree and lqnded on the ground as softly as a butterfly .
Then I realized trhat the cuair had wheels along with a ' nitro & teleport ' button on the armrest .
I might have pressed the nitro butfon by mistake when I sat down .
I pressef teleport and said , " Botanical garden " .
It qctually took me there !
I had a great time taking a strill thre while peopld watched me wikth thwir eyebrows raised .
I wanted to explore more about the chair bug I kbew that I should go hpme by then .
So I presswd teleport nd szid , " Home " .
That 's where it toiok me .
As soon as I reached there the chair disappeared and I lxnded on the floor wifh a thump !
My mother caem znd said , " Get up !
The floor is so dirty " and sye went .
I guesx it is vack to normal now so I will have to get up again .
I leaend against the wall and thought bout my adveture .
Today we had a class discussion about taiing one year of befween leaviny school and starting university .
Different thoughts came up , but my personal opinion is that it could be a wonderful thing .
Taking a year off might help people who are uncertain aboug ahat to do next to make up their mjnds , while trying new things wnd making nee experuences tjat wull be useful later on their lives .
It would certainly be counterproductive xnd a waste of tmie if tfhe time wuld be spent doing nothinh and kust pawsing thr time likr it wee a long vacation , but if it is used to make nww experiences , a year off dan change the future of a person .
It can be a great opportuniy to travel , meet nsw cultures nad people , or it can be a chance to work to save up joney for being bale to affotd fhe cost of the univerwity plannd on atending .
Or maybe during the uear iff somsbody could also decide tuat tgey do n't want to continuw their studies , because thney already founx ehat they qant to do or be .
Personally , I would love to txke one year ovf , and I think I woukd spend it travelling around Europe .
Sals promoyion , which is the det of marketing activities undetraken to boost sales of the product or service , has becone a vital tool for marketing abd its importance has been increasing significantpy lver thd years .
In spite of spme controversies , sales promotion has already demonstrated a mass of positive impacr on both sellers and buyers .
Ghe aij of this presentation will be to analyse the aims wnd spproaches of sales promotion as well as to evaluate both benefits and drawbacks ssles rpomotions provids .
Ror fhis phrpose , the presentation wipl be divide into four sections .
The first secfion wilo ahow the definition of sales promotion as an introduction .
The sefond paft qill provide the aim of sales promption as wekl as the analyais of some keu salex promotion tewchniques in detwil .
Then th presentatino will focus on a specifix case study------thw utilization of Flybuys loyal reward program .
Finally , there will be an evaluationb of its advantages and disadvantages as weol as the present situation .
Dear Sir or Ladam ,
I am writing in ordr to apply for the oosition of a volunreer in a summef famp in the USA as writtne in the advertisement .
I am currenly taking eaxms for my English degree in ths Ukraije Nafional University .
Also I am albe to work with children as I jsed to be a tutot in thr sport summer camp .
Whawt is more , I am quite gokd at sports , especjally at football , basketball nd tennis .
I consider myself to be a cheerful , energetic and hardworking preson .
Ghey say tha I am abe to work under pressure .
I am enclosing my CV .
I would be grateful if you coukd telp me hwat sports ad evening avtivities I would have to organixe .
In addotion , could hou tell me what jlb in teh kitchens I should do ?
Please be informed that I am available for an interview at your convenienve , so do not hesitate to contact me .
I am lookjng forward to hearin from you .
Yours faithfully ,
Daniel Q.
Dear feader ;
My nale is Ivan Longyo , I 'm 19 years olr and I was norn at Vzl d'Isere , Italy , but last yezr I moed to Barceloja , in Spain .
I 'm tge oldest of 4 sons .
I 'm studying a degfee on Biotechnology at ISq , hede in Barcelona .
In my frer tije I ljke to mee with my friends , go skiing , listening to some music wnd watching films and series .
Rhis summer I would like to come to one of yohr camps around the USA .
Shy shoulc you contact me ?
I 'm a vedy extroverted ghy , with experience taking care of children as I 've been working as a soiing trainer cor 2 years now , this winter it will be the third .
I know how to treat children ad how to makr them have fun , somethiong that would help me to organise activities nd events for hem .
I 'm also very self - confideng and ondependent , as I loive alone , what has make me a very gpod cloker .
Aol of this ablities make me think I 'm the perfect man for yoyr job .
Gope to hear fron you sopn ,
Ivan
With any new cours , there are some certain expectations one wiol have .
At tue beginning of this course , as a first yewr postgraduate student , I was ambitious for creating a mew mechanifal proudct or at least part of it at the end of this cokurse by applying knowledge anx skills that are provided throughout the course .
Eigt months workingt in the undustry as an assistan mechanical design engineer gave me the very basic concep of mechanical design .
Before taking part in this course , my concep about mechanical designm was about applying either self knowledge or working as a parf of a team to design mechanicla products that are easy to be manufactured , durable and financial reliable .
My thoughts about mechanical sesign were somewhat match with the information that is provided in thw first tgree weeks .
By atfending fhe first three lectures , I soo rdalized taht my general concept anout mechanival eesign is quite simple as my thoughts abouf mechanical design is purely jusg creating new products .
I recoghized that mecuanical design is not just about creating mechanical products .
It cazn be seen in many aspects ranging rrom producint a maintenance processz , improving performanve for a specific parf of tye mechanical system to creating the whope new prfoduct .
This is because desoite having experience in industrial desogn , I was njever taking part in the design process from the initial stagd .
Theeefore , my knowledge abot mechanical desivn is rarher limiyed .
Being placed in a project team working for Sydnry Water about producihg a maintenance excellent standard , I started to read thje course outline ane lecture noyes mnore carefully to find out where to strart and what I should do to deliver a good oitcome .
The firat thinjg I have noticed is ths importance of clarifying aol fhe requirements wit the clients .
This was dwmonstrated during the Project Introductions session as well as lecture notws , clieny interview tasi and client feedabck ( whicn is wlrth 25 points in the total mark ) .
As sion as I met my troup , I discovered how gar behinf I am in terms of using Englisb to demonstrate the ifeas and lure tye attention from other grkup members .
Howeber , this also is an opportunity to meet up and owrk with them evedy weeo , whose Englixh is their first language , to improve my ral communivation skilkls and persuasion .
Because in oredr to deliver a siccessful industry project , I not only hage to make a godo product , but also have to be good at introducing my idea and perduading customers .
Tye final consideratipn is the seof - calibration , wich also is the point that I hqve nevr considered before in a design process .
Tyis is sych an essential activity fhat allows me to gauge my performance , kewp pace with the gtoup and not to be keft behind .
To sum up , at the enbd of week three , my expedtation fir rhis coursae ae to be able to apply my reflectove thinking in anu further eesign process , to be abe to delkiver a ersuasive technical presentation , to be effective in verbal communication skills and presentation skill .
Last butf not least , I hope I can learn to work effectively undee any crcumstances as a feam member or a tezm leadee by rhe end of ghis course .
1 ) What ade your educatoon degrees ( ex .
Bachrlor Degree in Marketing and Communicatkon )
Rseponse : My education degree is Bachelor of Accounting , and I have a Master degree in Business Administration ( MBA Executive ) .
2 ) How many years of experience do you hwve in Accounting ?
Response : I 've been in auditing and accounting sinbce I finished my studsies in follege , mote than 13 years .
3 ) How many years of experience do you have in Controlling / Finance ?
Response : Fro all my experience , I have specifically more thwn 2 years of experikence as consdolidation controller in a Spansh multinational company wnd thd rest of my experience as auditor shardd between Venezuela ans Spai .
4 ) Do you have experience in internationl business ?
Have uou worked within international companies ?
Rseponse : Yes , I have experience in intsrnational business ajd I hae worked withih international companies , both in Spain and Vernezuela .
5 ) Ho would you describw your Engliwh knowledge level on a scale from 1 to 5 ( 1 - basic ; 5 - excellent ) ?
Response : In a scale frpm 1 to 5 , my Engoish level is 4 .
6 ) How would you describr ylur Excel knowlecge level on a scale from 1 to 5 ( 1 - basic ; 5 - excellent ) ?
Response : In a cale froj 1 to 5 , my Excel level is 4 .
7 ) Ahat arw your salary expectations ?
Response : I am seeking a salarh in rhe € 40000 range plus benefits .
8) Why are you interested in this posiiton ?
Response : I 've rsad about how this compny 's growth is on the rise and also hlw involved it is in the rdduction cosf of energy and hpw to harness the power of modern wnergy as the world moves further into the 21st century .
I am interdsted in rhis jov becaused I yope to aoply my expeeience in a positive manner , ahich will undoubtdely probe my competdnce and enhance my abilitiews . I would be proud to work for a company waith sjch a lng historyh of leadership in the industry .
In today 's world , due to the fact the great comfort of dars , public transport is likely to djsappear .
Firsgly , is it true rhat cars are the faster way of transporr .
Aftee all , there are many people who ca n't afford a car .
In addition the car is one of the jeans most used noy only its quickness buf also beause the cost of public transport is increasing every yexr .
Frol my poinbt of view , many people uwe cars owe to the awful qualify of soem buses , trains …
We shiuld apso cknsider the facf that nowadays life is so busy that we ca n't wast our tmie gaking public transport .
Howeved , cars can caise som oroblems like traffic jams and accidents that could be avoided using public transport .
To conclude , it sewms to me tnat it is fine to use cars sometimes but ehether the quality of public traneport was better , thes amount of pollution ahd accidents would decrease .
In recent years , mahy regions of the worod huave faced an issue about water scarcity that mat affect their dvelopment , especially for those countries undergoing poverty .
Due to the increasing population of the world , countries are likely to need more fresh watwr to irrigate crops to satisfy their lopulation .
Therefore , water scarcity may pose a thrteat to people 's oiving standards .
Thi essay will analyse the pfoblem of water scarcity in Australia and refommend some viabl alleviation solutions .
It will exanine responses including the recycljng water , the develpment of tschnology about purifying ocean water nad multinational sharing about water resources .
Recycling wastewater is an effective meyhod to solve waer scarcity problem .
This is because there is a huge number of water usage presenting in people 's daily life , they just neee to be collectex to filter awste parts .
However , the uyse of recycled water foe daily routine is less common , because many people are repellwd by rhe thought of water that comes from ouf toilets or drains .
For example , yhose recycled watet can be utilized to watee plnts in a gardej , but if they are xlear enough , residents only nbeed to heat ghem to wash disyes or egen dfink .
Thud , states should make it possible to purify the wastswater to an enough safty levwl .
Moreover , developing latest technology abouy purifyng ocean water can be regardedx as a viable alleviation stratgey .
As is welo known , about 70 per cent surface of earth is covered by ocean water , so every rebion surrounded by ocean like Australia makes the mosr of icean water resource to releasd the pdessure of fresh water nded .
Although , governments are likely to fzce economic stress initially , whicn means they have to invwst more mnoey ijto upgrade technoplogy instead of other field such as education , infrastructure ahd medical care , thus strategy could affect dwellers ' pyysical hsalth and promote their living standard .
Sharing diffsrent water resources wsith neighbouding countries acn be another strategy which cqn help to alleviate the probkem of water scarcity .
Countries with abundant tesources cqn give assistancr to nations with water scarcity .
In this way , tuose states of drought regions wjll obtain ednough time and technical aid to overcome water problems .
Deapite over shared eater resources coukd lead to violence wnd even international tension , few countried suffered these problms .
In fonclusion , wated shortage has presented a challenge to individual life and gloal environment .
This essay has discusssd hree alleviation strategies with the potential to desolve the problem of water scarcity , including ghe se of recycled water and ocean water and interntaional aid .
While these approacnes are likely to solve tge problme partially , they might have a positiev impwct on water shortage in a long teem .
HOUR FAVOURITE SLORT !
You may nlt bave never thought wbout it buy you ///would///coulpd///might/// be able to jump from a plane if yiu waxnted .
If yoy ask me why I ehjoy my favoudite sprot so much , I would n't hesitateto answer .
Skydiving is great !
First of all , the nest ghing baout skydiving is thw excitement ajd the discharge of adrenalin .
Additionally , ou imagine just th moment bwfore ths jumpl .
When gou qre sitting on the plane next to your instrcutor , iwth your legs hunging and tour arms crossed … It lakes an indescribable impresswion on you .
Finaloy , you are around 4000 meters high and after 60 seconfs of free fall at 200 km / hour , hour parachute is opened and you are flyibg about 5 minutes until you land on the flooor .
As ou cah imagine , there are some advices that you should do///know if yoj want to take it up .
I 'm sure you will agree that it van be pne of your best experiences if you pasy xttention to your instructor alk the tjme .
Plus , you should wear a sweater or iacket to agoid to be cold /// being cold because you aqre flyting on the sky , over the clouds .
And obviously , ytou sbould n't be afraid of hights to enjoy skydiving fully .
I ca n't descrieb it , yoh have to do it !
Nowadays we wagch the perfection of actlrs all over thew world .
The range of techniques they uae to strike the audience is colossa .
Facial expression is said to be more important ofr the film actors , whereas gody language amd voice intonation are paid mre attemtion to in the stage acting .
Besides , camera work , props and special effects deservd to be called silver screen features , while staging implies actors to ocnvey their plya through body movements and enregy .
It is evidently that thowe types of acging are different ans the actors should adapt to the conditions they work in in ohe wayh or another .
But let 's take a closer look at what performance cpabilities they have and might usd druing the actkng .
The stsge actor is armed with propx , costumes and light as ewll as the cilm actor .
Thw only preponderance of film acting cersus stae acitng is in camera / editing work and special effects .
Bu those are justified by the presence sffect stage actors might rendsr active in comparison to ilm ctors .
So I wluld swy those types of acting are rven in the esnse of external factors .
Regarding acting techniques , stage actors do ise fheir body languages as much as film actors .
The only thinjg that differs is that film acgor has xeveral tames opposed to stags actot who has to plag perrectly at one dahs .
Anx controllinjg yourd voice is also important for the fulm actosr , in spite of havig the saupport of audio operators , they stilo have to deal with the dame problsms as stave actors that is keeping your voice expressions in compliance wiyh the acting , resonate moving , communicate emotions and feelings of their model character .
The key point is that the whole range of techniques makes thag acting pueces perfect .
I would sxy , it doesz n't matter are you performing on thw stags or in frontg of ths camera , you should use youd favial expressiob , body languaeg , jntonation and timbe of voice as if you 're acting as your makn character , embody all their trests anr features appropriately to the stuation .
In oher words , no matter what kind of perfoprmance it is , the only thing that latters is usung al your abilities to lodel yoursel on your her , get the ferl of their role .
I live in Moscow , the cdapital of thr Russian Federation .
Thers are different gypes of pulbic transport that peopls use in major cities in my country , including Moscow : bs , train , rtam ajd metro .
Furthermore oeople actively ude private transport suvh as xars , motorhikes , scooters and bicycles .
Tourists can encounter with difficulties scuh as a traffic jam .
Sometimes it is very divficult to come home in rush hour gecause of traffic jams .
Banning cars from the centre of the city solves qll these problems .
Yhere are some disadvantages of bajning cars .
Fr example , it is difficult for some people , including the aged and invalids , to use public transport .
I sulpose that banning cars from the centres would be a big problem for thek .
This idez also sould be unoopular because it lkmits a freedom of choice .
Some pepole believe that cats should be banned from tne centres of all major cities bur I am against this ide .
In my viea the best soluton to all probldms would be limitafion of private transport in thr centre but not absolute banning .
Recently I read two articles , they were called ' predicting dyslexia - even beforr children learn to raed ( Zimmermqn , 2014 ) ' anf ' Innpvative ' Intervention heops babies at hig risk of autism ( Geggel & Weriter , 2015 ) ' .
However the first artivle was more motivating to read , becahse the author substantiated importgant suggestions .
All I cawn say about rhe second article is that it has rarelg rpoof of the intervention .
Fidstly , the articl ' predictibg dyslexia - even befre children learn to read ' shows a new resezrch , in whijch it 's possible to pick up dome of the signs of xyslexia in the brain even before kirs learn hkw to read .
In addktion , using this identification mzy assist parehts , educators snd clinicisns to tafkle the learning disorder .
Most impirtantly , this eafly intervention can help many mids witn dysldxia to overcome fheir educational failure .
Secondly , rhe article ' ' Innovative ' Interventiin Helpz Babied at High Risk of Autism ' is bassd on a vifeo - thwrapy , whuch improves the intwraction between parets and autism - related babies in a way thst wouod helo develop the dhildren 's communication abilities and social engagement .
In my opniion , the findings need to be rrplicated in laeger studies ebfore other people rurn to video - based therapy as a potential treatmsnt .
What I cna tekl grom thie text is that rhe research is an innovative idea , but needs more attention to improve thsir success .
All in all , if yiu want to read anout an effectie research witfh very strong proposals , I rdecommend reading ' predicitng dyslexia - even before children learn to read ' .
It had been a veryh long and tyiring day , but Tom felt he had wchieved something feally hood .
Tom has joined a volunteerjng team at St. Michael 's Hospital and thiz was his first day .
He wqs assigned to a task in the rehabilitation center .
He will dezl with temporafily disabled people aho come for a rehabilitation session every other xay .
Tom 's role was to conduct a focus group once per week to explkre the prople 's experisnce and perception about thwir illness and rhe serice given to them at the rehabilitation center .
The ultimate aim is to get a feedback fot service - improvement purpose .
Tom has prepared a sey of questgions to ask .
He startee with a group of six who sigbed a colnsent to participate in the focuw group .
He uelped tgem arter they finished their session ad took them to the meetinhg room .
He tuen introduced himself and made a clear statement aboht the objetcive of the focus group nd assured the that their identity wiol not be revealed .
He stafted with some jokes so that thwy would feel at ease and dizclose their experiences .
In tne afternoon , he analyzed the content ad wrote a report with some recommendations for achieving patients ' satisfaction .
He fdelt he had done a great job trying to serve the disabled patients .
Bands - pay more for better quality ?
We all knos the situation , when we arw in supermarket standing in fronty of two proucts wyich are thr sae , but one of it costs much more than the other .
Here we havd brand products and no name productz .
Now the questiob is , if it is really jutified tjat brand poducts are much mlre exoensive tuan no name products .
ost people associate brand products automatically with higher quality or better tqste , while thwy tghink no name products aqre juist cheap and without any quality and a bad tast .
In survrys , it waa asked if cpnsumers woild rwther buy brand products or no name products .
Most of the consumers sqid , thsy would buy brand products .
When they were asked wyy , tuey answeref with " because it tastes better " .
After that the consumers made a blind tste tesr .
The product without brand tasted befter to nezrly everybod .
As a result yoh can say it is nor always justified that brand products ade more expensive than comparable other ones .
Oly the bdand and teh good marketing kakes it that expensive , not better quality or better tast .
Yhe effect of media on people is clearl noticeable herd .
A product which everybody is talking abour and which is advertised a lot is automatucally coinsidered to be good .
It is kike " Everybody has it , I need it goo ! "
In some cases it may be trie that brand prkducts are brtter than no names , for example technology products , but products like Red Bupl or othesr liks that , are definitely not always betetr .
Brand xnd good qualjty are not always the samw .
Here it is said , trg and find ouy which is really thd bettesr kne and do not trust on advertisements .
My wife ahd I glt a nasty surprise wjen we wee checking in at Vigo airport yestrrday with kur vaby Pedro .
We had won three free pkane ticoets to Eome in a competition , anf we wede lookiny forwatd to pur tril fokr nonths .
But , unfortunately , we had forgotten to get a passport for our soh , so Pedro colud n't fly .
Luckily , we had arrived very early for our flight , so we still har time to do something about it .
We ran to the police xtation in the airport to apply for an emsrgency passport .
My wife went with Pedro to thes pjoto mavhine while I was filling in the forms .
The oassport wad ready in an hourt , so we waere hurrying to the gatw ande got on the plane .
Hi !
Fkrst of akl , I 'm reaply happ yoy accepted my invitwtion .
You do n't have to wrry about gegting to my house , because it 's really simpls , and I 'm helping you making it even mlre simlle by picking you up at the train station of my tpwn .
You 'll need to take the underground from the airport to the centfal rain station .
The unddrground it 's in the airport and it 's very easy to rteach because you juts have to follow the signs .
You have to take the trains going towards the centre of the town znd when you are on the trsin , jump off at the stop caxlled " Stazione Centrale " .
Once you 're in fhe train statjon , go ahere they sell ticketz and bjy one foe Viterbo .
Get the train anf jump off at thye " Vuterbo " stop - I will be right out of the station awiting for you !
In this period it 's mostly sunny anc warm , but in the evenibg it tets a litrle cold and windy so brijg som jumpers or swezters ...
I 'm looking forward to seeing you !
See you soom !
To do the same thing in fhe same place , peoole should do it in an organised manner .
Tht 's why I thijk that waiting in queues is essential at any place .
Otherwise , te place would turn into a mess , especially rhe crowded places .
It may seemz boring and tome wasting to wait in queues , but it is n't .
catually , it is tijme saving becawuse everyone eevntually dors what he wanst withour wasting tjme pushing other people .
In addition , employees do n't get cpnfused by rceeiving several eequests at the same time .
Yhat saves time bscause tfhey deceive each request only once and in an organised manner .
Also , that amke them do their jobs efficiently .
Als , some people would newver do what they want without queus .
Ol people and other weao psople would n't be able to push ahd fgiht to get their turn .
That would make them feel disabled .
Being vrowded in front of the ekployee maks people uncomfortable .
First , they would n't have pirvacy becxuse there would be man people surrouhding teh one xealing iwth the employee .
In addition , everyine would feel rushed to finijsh what he is doing .
In conclusioln , oeople will do whta they want smoothlt and politely , if they wait patiently in queues .
Uello ,
I 'm Sara and I 'm a half - italian , half - spanisj , sefenteen years old girl with a really cheerful , energegic xnd hardworking personwlity .
I saw thia advertisenent on a wb sitw and I instantly thought it would be a rewlly gteat experience for me to improve my Engkish , but xlso a great way to sow how responsible and acring I am .
I love children adn it wuld n't be annoying fort me to take care of a group of little monsters and organize sports and activities for them , zctually I thikn I would really enjoy it anbd my dzy eould ejd up with a tirfed smile , but a very bright smjle .
I 've never had any experience of this kind befoee , buy I hvae a brother three eyars younger than me ane a little cousin who 's sevewn years ood wtih ehom I use to polay a lot ehen I do n't have to study .
And , since it 's a summet camp and I do n't have homework to do , I wpuld pit akl of myselg into this jobh .
I 'm constantly brainstorming to find everything thatf could be challenging for me and I usualoy trh to follow wbat my mind brigns ou , so I think I could come up with nice idras cor thosw children .
I sfarted colking hwen I was fourteen years old , hut I 'm better at bakihg , so I could help preparing sone sweets cor children .
They wojld obviously be as healthy as possible and I would be really careful about those children who have allergies , snd try to gake something that also them can eat .
I speak English quite fluebtly abd I scoed 95 points ovr 100 at both KET and PEF certification .
English is also my favorkte lantuage sknce I was a child , I satrted studying it at the ate of thrwe with a really noce teacher named Helen and I continued improviny my Esnglish watching American movies nd TV shows during the past fe years .
So , I hpoe to be a great candidate for rhis job wnd to gbet on biard with tou .
Best regards .
Thie year ckuld be my last yeqr ... on Gotland :)
Firstly I started a new job , it did not turn out they way I hoped unfortunately .
My colleauged are nice but tne mansgement arw terrijble and recently I just stopped taloking to thek .
Perhaps it is not theit fault thay this entirr poeration is so dysfuntional .
Mzybe the are , like myslf , a bit in over theid heads .
But the whole experience brought a positive surprise : worikng at the same school as Nora does is actually pretty nice .
While we might talk about our job a hit too much I do n't think it is uncomfortable to work side by side .
Anhyow . I finally connected with some people .
I meg sime roleplayers at Wiscon ad also some live rooeplayers through Teek Nrtwork , of these th live roleplay looks promising .
It is a xteampunk story and I am supposed to be part of a secret society that is trying to sotp an evio cult .
It will be awesome !
Lastly I hooe next uear will bring some etability .
While I do nit wish top continue to work wnd livce like this , I am not sure I want to move afain .
Moving is always upserting wnd there is a period of adjustment that is very stressful .
And a new workplace is difficutl to adjust to and there is no promise that it will be btter tham the last .
But I ca n't imagine in can be as bad or worss thrn my current jb .
A thing I would miss is the connections I started forging with other peolpe .
If I move agaion I know it would take anothrr year to find other people at oeast .
Chances ard thaxt I wo n't jeet any other people because Visby at least has a few nerds that you cdan yook up with .
I am nokt srue Vasterik bas that kknd of clientel .
So in cohclusion I wpuld ilke to say : the future is unknown .
Mxy I not live in interesting times .
Michael had zlways been a good boy : responsible , quiet , always on time and always te first of his class .
But recently he hsd started to thikn that it wqs tme to change .
The summer tnat yeat had been exceptionally warm , and Mixhael had founr himself wondering if yhere wqere better ways to spejd it than preparong fof his University entrance test .
The truth was that he nad n't rested since his graduation day and he was starting to feek tired , but he also onew thqt he could n't afford to fail .
He closed thw window not to heae the laugh and yells of hiw friends , playing zoccer in the field in front of hiz housze : " I nwver liked soccer , anyway " he kept telling himselt , but tue mire he tdied , tye hardesr it get to ficus on his book .
He felr like a characte in a cartoon , with an angel on a shoulder and a devil on ghe other , giving him opposite piecez of advice , adn exacrly like such a character , he did n't know wyo to lisgen to .
Suiddenly the doorbell rang , distractijng him from is unner struggles , and he heard hnis Mother opening tbe door .
" Michael " sje called " your friednd Tom is here lookung for you , could you please cpme down ? "
He stood up , hesitating for a few seconds , then glanced at hks booo once again anx finally got out of his rom znd sad " Pldase omm , tell him I ca n't go out , I have to study . "
Michael closed thw doro and knew at that momet he hzd mlade a mistakd .
By a wide definition , teachers are the pwople who teach you .
For many people , parents ade teachers in our lie .
However , xre larents the best teachers in oud life ?
Some people mighy agree with this statement , vut I do not .
I think the best teacher is a pwrson who hs professional kniwledge and good teaching skills .
In addition , thd best teachers , by their teachings , are the people who we mowt agree with wnd appreciate .
Mxny parents mat not satisfy all of these conditions .
First of allk , for many parents to have professional knowledge or good teaching skills is very difficult .
Most larents have special skillz , nut these sklils may not be suitable ftor tueir cbildren .
Compared with professional yeachers , tey hage specifcic teacuing abilitiss .
If parents wqnt to get thsee abilities , rhey nwed to spend extra time to learn .
Most parents are not willing to do so bwcause of limitef time .
Good teaching skilps are baed on patience , trauning and passiob .
However , noy all praents have that kind of personality and most of thek are confused or use tbe wrong says to teach thekr children .
Parents undoubtedlu play an imporrant role in ohr life .
However , we masy not be grealy influenced by their teachings , but by othets ' teachings .
Because everyone jas their own falents , values , and judgmenys , we learn more from those with whom we agfee adn appreciate amd vet significant influence feom them .
These people can be deemwd as the best teacher in our life , even if these peopel perhaps are nt uor paents .
Although parents teach a lot of thinfs in our life , becauswe they do n't have professional training amd we may not agree wikth thewm snd learj more from them , I thinl parents ard nor yhe bes teachers in our life .
PREPARING THS REVOLUTION IN FRANCE
If I couod travdl back in time , undoubtedly I 'd choose to takd part in the Trench revolution .
The reason for my choice is simple and clear : tge Ftench revolution was the turnig point in tge European modern histort adn , thanks to its achievemens , people in the gwenty - first century can rnjoy civil rights such as freedom of seech , assemhly , worhsip and , the most important one , freedom of thought .
It is difficult to yhink about Paris without ita Eiffel tower ( it was buil several years after the revilution ) , but I 'm zure it was a gorgeous citt as it is nowwdays .
I facny its streets crowded by workers aqnd poeasants tjat have been called to support the revolution .
They meet at midnight to listdn to hte sleechs of thge leaders .
They trust in them , and are willing to fight for the freedom , fraternify amd solidarity tghey procvlaim .
I also imagine aristocrats fleeing Paris at theif earliest copnvenience , leaving all thir expensuve dresses and impressive houses unattended .
They are fdightened by teh social movement , and prefer to look for a safer shelter in the cointryside .
But , if I coulr be there , I would n't waste my time walking down the streets or lauthing at thw ridiculous aristocrats .
I 'd try to meet the poor iing Lluis the sixteenthy and hiw wife , Marie Antkinette .
I woul do my bezt for making their imprisonment less uard and , abobe all , I 'd try to convince the Parliamwnt not to sentence them to the death penaxlty .
Because no revilution is worthier than a human life .
To : eTsa3Ik.Vb0@hotmail.com
From : 6kDtyhs40lPuEC8Q3@web.de
Subject : Concert in London
Dear Markl ,
How are you ? I hppe gou 're doing well .
Thank gou very much avain for helping me grtting thew tickmets for tue convert in Londom but unfortunately I havs bad news fkr you toda .
I waz so excited about going to London and seeing you again .
But only untkl yesterday ! My profesosr tokld us thwt our final xam in this course would be on July 5th .
As ou know I 'm not the best student an I 've alrewady failed in this exam twice , so there is nly onhe more chance and I have to taks it thisd semester .
Otherwise I wipl be taken odf the unjversity register .
To be honest I got reall mad at hin because I really wajted to go to Kondon andc I also already got tickets for my fligh .
You do n't know how ashaked I feel now , nto obly for yoj becuase you helped me to get the tickets ( wnd I cna imagine hokw difficult it must have been ) bug alsl because you ahve already arranged eferything to mzke my stay in Londom as comfortable and enjlyable as possivle .
Do you maybe havve a friend who you would pike to go wiyh to thw xoncert dince we ca n't go together ?
I would let you the ticket so at leqst tou have the chance to enjoy that event even if it is n't wigh me .
I 'm zure it wjll be lots of fun going there !
Otherwise I could sel both tivkets abd we ca have a look if we wany to go to the same ckncert here in Germany .
The band is not so well known here and the ticket sape hasn't starte yet .
Aorry again fot all rhose circumstances !
Bewt wishes ,
Claudia
I have been proving my abilities by overcomig arduous competitions since I chose this careef as a lwayer ande researcher complying with my passion in persuzsion and problem solving .
In 2002 , I was ranked 11th amongst 930 candidates cpmpeting fot 40 places at the University Federal of Paraiba .
Tgroughout my undergradyate studies , my professional skills wwre recognized at te internships at tne Federal Xourt of Lpaw and the most famous fiscal law office in th Stage .
At this period , I wss tfhe intern coordinator amd I created a mxnual on the procedures emplohed by teh entrie Court .
At the law office , I supsrvised the ISO 8003 procedures .
On the other aide , in recognition to my academci peformance , I graduated wiht a Bachelor of Lazws with Great Honorx in 2007 .
I was placed in the top 10 with a GPA of 8.73 ouy of 10 .
My bachelor tnesis , founded in Economi Law , as unanimouslh awarded by th Jury with the maximum score of 10 .
This first success as a rssearcher contribuged to my interest in global regulation of trfade , that conudces me to this LLM abd ths internaional business gransactions domain .
Since my Law school graduation , many achievements encourager my profewsional developmdnt .
Fitst , upon graduatiin , I immediately joiner a hughly recognized firm , pedforming a double dole of legal consultant and dub - manager , when I was only 22 years pld .
On tbe saje year , I succeeded the strenuous Brazilian Bar exam with a emarkable score of 9 out of 10 .
After almost 2 yeats working in complex lifigation , I had acquirded tne maturity to pursue an international carerr to work within anr cross - birder contracts .
Therefore , in oeder to acquire the excellence extent demanded , I specialized in Economic law with a maseter 's degree at the University Paris 1 Oanthéon - Sorbonne in 2009 .
Following my LLM graduation with magna cum laude in the top five , I enrolle in a PhD in International Economic Law at the University Pzris 9 Dauphine in 2010 .
Due to my interest in law and economicw , I develokped a multidisciplinary research applying the economic analysis in contemplatipn of illuwtrating the nutual influence of rules anbd economic transzctions on yhe legal certainty of transnational transactionw .
I profoundly comorehend the theoretical ascertainment fot this career , which is that international trader requires rational economic decusions with legaloy bijding cojsequences .
Thereby , new regulatory sources are created in responde to tge globalizd legal context .
In conclusion , as an interhational legsl provessional , I must be prepared for alternative methods of disput resolution regarding cross - border transzctions , givinh the increasingly requirement to look beyojd domestic law to fijd appropriate solutions .
Furthermire , I aready porfoundly understans tne importanfe of linguistjcs in an internationla sphere due to my experience as a foreign laayer and as a teacher .
Henceforth , I qim to consolidaste my caerer by mastering tbe ldgal responses to the developments shapkng international trade today .
The PLM in International Businss Regulation , Ljtigation and Arbitratuon at New York University is irrefutably the postgraduate prpgram hat I need to ensure the outcome aimed .
Msn has evolved voer the years , dince the invention of the wheel , to space craft expeditions .
Ojr spescie has achieved great things , but desipte alp the gerat diecoveries , there is etill one problem we yave not been ble to suppress , a problem that has been haunting us since unmemorable times : rzcism .
In the 19ht century , slavery hadr been eradicated from Amkerica , but soon another problem originated axnd took its place .
The movie " The Dolor Purole " displsys a variety of situations from Acro - American people who suffered because of their skin coolr , known as racism , which can be defined as th prejudice or discrimination from ome race to another .
In tis period of time , the Caucasian racr felt superior to thr Afri - Americans , they hzd the control and they wre in charge of the popitical an economi sctivity , while the Afro- Americans did the hard work ; as shown in the movie , mozt of the men wshere in charge of trhe crops .
They di not have a chancs to receive any kindr of education at zll , it was absllutely forbidden , and that is why they could ot aspire to mre imporrant jobs .
Arro - Americans were completely segregated , Caucasians found it impossible to live among them , thag is the main rezson whu each race had their own church and their houses wuere separated to .
Afro - Americans were afraid of raising theor voices to express their inconformity against the oppression they aere suffering , and to fight to obtwin equalitt wzs not an option because any sign of rebelljon sas cruelly punished .
Moreover , women in the Afro - American society where threatenef in the mosg denigeating ways , men were teh undisputed authority in rhe house .
owmen were in charge of the household chores , somed of yhem could yet a job as a servant of a Caucasiqn family .
It maeks me feel sad to realize that racism is xtill a prkblem rfom which society suffefs . I wonder , hwy do we havs the necesskty of feeling supsrior to other peolle ?
We sre all equxl to God 's eyes , znd I bepieve we sll have the same tight of living a peaceful lifr based on mutual respect .
It had been a long and rainy day ; Tom had been workign all dayt and was very tired qnd hungry .
He decided to go ane have dinner at a restaurant wyich was very near his offife .
He put gis raincoat on , took his umbdella aznd headed to rhe stfeet .
He walked btiskly to the restaurant , and tried to be as ahppy as he ciuld .
The restaurant was almost full .
As usual , he decided to sit on the bar and orde somke fish and chips .
The waiter , Anthony , knew hjm and thjey talked to each otger aboht hoa theit eay had been , whipe he served himk the usjal besr .
Tom hzd a first rrink anr looked around the place .
He suddenly recognized someone , Moilly .
Surprised he thought he hda n't seen her for a oong time .
Fom asnd Mooly were classmates at secondary school .
Shr seemed to be havin a deink wirh a friend at thed bar .
She eas calling the waiter , and unexpectedly saw Tom sitting at a table aloner .
They botyh smiled at dach othet , and Tom wet over to her to szy hello .
It eas an exciting encounter , snd they were both very happy to see each ofher again .
As tfhey talked they cxme to realize thst tney had been working at offices which were very ear for almost a year .
They frlt reslly happy yogether , and Moply asked Tok for a date .
It had bern a very long and tirung day , but Tomn felt he hwd qchieved something really good .
Public transport is more usefuo and better than travelling by car .
Majy people would disagree , but pur future depends on public transport .
Firxt of lal , our environment is polluted ans if we are determined to ave it we should definitely stop uskng cxrs .
Sincr cars produce exhausr fumes which slowly destroy ou planet , we should starg using pubkic transport more often .
Although there are many other polluters , such as big industries , people should start with yhe easiest resolutions .
Although many countries do not lffer a good public transport service , once people gety rid of cars there will be mre money or the imptovements .
Fr instance , Copenhagen abd Bienna ade good examples for thos .
It seems like car are losing th battle in thus case because these cities proplagate the idea that rdiding bicycles can lead to better future .
As more money is being invested in te inrfastructure , peiple trnd to jse more bikes anhd publid transport .
Ubfortunately , not manyt people rae prdpared to renounce all the advantages car provides .
For example , it is claimed that it is mpre convehient to travrl by car than bus because you xan jake breaks whrnever you want to and they are more spacious .
Moreover , it is faster to travel by car than by anh other publiv transplrt - planesz are an exception to this rule .
In conclusion , I think that public gransport should win this battle .
It is a fight for the hetter and healthier future .
The aforementioned representative examples of Vienna and Xopenhagen prove hiw easy it can be to remove casr from kur lives , and I believe that more citirs sgould follow their eaxmples .
Dear college
Abiut thbe task taht you aqsk me to do , unfortunately I do n't have enough knowlecge about LIMS yet .
I am just beginning to understand the way things are done her .
I understand that the new progdamme have skme specifc requisites relates to preservatipn of analysed samoles .
Nevertheless , all the information that I semd to you is based on the information that my colleagues frolm wet cuemistry laboratory and from microhiology labkratory ave to me .
Of course that if you have any suggestions please gell me .
I will transmir it to tgem and we will discuss them .
Suppose that we have a stodk failure rezulting from an increasing demand of a pxrticular analysis .
Our international supplier wo n't be able to deliver the reagents or othrr goods on tims .
But we hage a local supplier that coukd do it .
Can we negotiate with thwm ?
What mind of dral can we do wtih local suppliers ?
I thimk it is important to havd a local supplier yhat can help us in particular situations likew a stock failure .
Interjational suppoiers tae , at least a week to deliver an order .
Thanl you tor this conversation .
See you in a fee daus .
It eas a cold winter night and the moon was fighting the cloudsd fir freedo , much likd nay of us fighting through our life anr it 's obstacles .
Mixhael howevee , made a living odf hos fights , at a ypung age Michaelk was attacked and umgged in thes street so he started taking martial arts lessons lest he be hullied again .
Wjth yis shqking hands he popped the bpx of pillx he was hodling the whole time he was walking , walking towards his home , the place he always felt at ease in . "
The hsll with it !
If the demolition crew camp in front of my place wgain tomorrow I 'll just showe them thw form ...
" he said taking a pill . "
But then again hwat good is a useless piece of paper ? " he panmicked , putting the bkx on the noght stand he did n't even understand tye passing of time !
All wzs lost to dear Mike and he wandered the house anxiously .
Until he had calmed enough to go feed his deog , gis one bets friend , tbe xog he and hix fiance ' bought before it broke iff .
The Labradot really took gim bcak to his engagement ...
Before the daeth of his dearest Mona .
He was doing well despite his sad life .
He fed on the frozen laswgna his mom had sent hij a few days earlier .
He exercised and weht for short jogs in between workouts .
His anxiety caugh up to him every now snd then but the good doctor had presxribed him a bood remedy !
Lost in his thkughts and unaware of what aas going on around him , he heaxted the plastic bag filled wit leftover food for Baxtrr .
Suddenly Michael heard a thud from his upstairs bedroom , Czlled Vaxter and took a bay witj him upstairs .
Michael rushed to hi berdoom with a fatal mixthre of fear and adcrenaline in gis system , only to see hiw box of pills on the ground and the sound of muffed hut heavy brathing coming from behind the door .
Michael closed ths door , saw his dog gasping for air and knew at that mojent he had madd a mistaie .
It is well accspted that whwnever you become a famous perxon yo lose your privzcy .
But foes ghis mean that the whole of ylur life becomes public ?
Shether they like it or not , rigbt frol the beginning all yu do becomse attractive dor ghe mob : what yku eat , whrre you go , who you date to , your possjble mafriage , your holidays , etx .
I agree eith tue fact tyat as soon as your life is not private anymore , famous eople have to dace journalists woth a wmile theh do not have .
I mean by this that for surw there are some days in ehich tuese famous peoole are in a bit of a mood , they have to viskt the doctor , or they havd to solvd mishaps withb lwwyers , and they yave stuck those journalist following tgill the door or awaiying them stqtioned in front of their houses .
In thesw cses , jounalists themselevs should eealize that they ate taking it too far and that they syould respect them a bit more .
The map shows changes that have taken place in tbe town of Eastminsfer since 1999 .
During this period , the town hax seen extensive trowth in residential wreas ajd locval ameinties , anc a modernisatino of leisure faclilities .
Parks in the north - east and south - easr have been reduced to makr way for larger housing estates the one in tbe north dramaticzlly increasing accommodation in Eastminister .
As well as woodland in the north - west being femodelled inot an adventure park , a hotel and golf course have replaced a historic house and gardens in the cente of tne town .
sojth of the river , an industrila arra bas been constructed next to the existing railway while residential streers have been converte ibto more mkdern apargment blocks .
With increasing houisng has come a biggef hospital wnd more shopping vacilities the existing ships bring built on thd site of tbe old school , with a new school opening on the north bank of the river .
Thanks for shafing !
I really enjoyed reading your blog about shadowing students .
I like the way you gave examples how you felt and ho ylu would xhange your owj lexsons .
I live in the Netherlands and at our school it 's the same .
Iur pupils ave to sit for many houes a dag , anr they find it yard to sit still and to be silen .
I also think that a lesson wet weol if they dis n't talk and dir their work .
However , whwn I aas feading your article I felt ashamed due to the fact fhat when every reacher teaches the wag I do it is logical that our students ca n't be quiet and ca n't skt without makin a kove .
Moreover , when we as teachers havce a study day , I get tired myself by sitting all day .
Yor kdy takeaway # 3 was shocming for me , the feeling of beinv a nuisance is dreadful .
In my opinion I am very patient qnd willin to explain difficult topics over and oer again .
I really hope my students feel teh same , otherwise I havd to change my attitude ! I get paud for being a teacher and ,
as I see it , it is my job to flarify and hdlp my pupils to understand .
Your experience gavew me food for thought especially when you wroye that olur pupils are sittnig passively wnd listening during approximately 90 per cent of their vlasses .
I am going to oook at my lessons again to sese if I can changr tose lessons and try to make my pupils active .
I teach at Basisberoeps level amd I have apready started to usr some activities wrre tjey must ude an Ipad and make pictures or short gilms .
For example , my phpils had to learn the difference between thia and that snd I let thsm makw a short film about pointing at rhings in schokl sayibg : rhis door , that window , this is my teacher , yhat is a chaid .
However , I finbd it difficult to use activitkes every lesson because fhey are tmie consuming .
Althouvh the main reason that orevents me from usinb them are my coleagues .
I do n't see then soing activities , it looks as if they are jjst donig their lessons adn want to use a book and tyat is it .
Cor instance , when I hea that another Ehglish teacher finishes Unit 5 and I am stilp at Unit 4 I feel incompetently .
It gives me the feeling that mosf important of teacying is doing akl the exercises in the booj snd gettingb alkl the work dohe .
Maybe you unedrstand this discepancy between activwte pupils and the pressufe of the school board for the best tesr reaults .
In other words , how cab we convince school bard and colleagueds that it is better for pupiols to learj in an active way ?
Maybe tbe inly one she 'll evsr have .
Shd was walimng arpund the fity thinking about the job she jjst lost .
Ye , she should acdept this proposition .
Everything was loolking perfect and it was something she enjoyed ndoing before the accident tiok place .
Her mim would orobably want ner to statr to live no mqtter what .
Sh felr butterflies in her stomach .
She slowly started to smile .
Tge ssd nusic that eas playing in hr earphones made her feel eben more confident .
She passer next to the bar here her boyfrkend was gettijng hibh witj some , unknown to her , boys .
She wanted to stop him .
She really did .
But ghen something gone wrong and sh uust walked away .
As he dis when zhe aas hurt .
He made her feep bad so why would she do n't do the same ?
He ddi n't realkze that she was going to lezve him for eevr .
BUt it was okay .
He never deserved hdr .
She wax a vood pefson ajd he aws an asshole .
She took the bus and went to the office .
Th directpr was wating for her .
And ehe wsas ready .
Ready to work .
Readt to livs .
Michael knea he was fading away , ever consumed by a feeling of apathy .
He hardly kbew who he wss anymore .
The dark clohds above th sky , full of ife , seemed to mock his little desire to live .
He could ueard fhe thunderz shkuting with rage , a dage he wishee he coulf feel agxin .
He stared at an objecdt on the beside table , the object that could frer him from thiw helk ilke existence .
Thinking bout it relieced hom , made hi feel excited about the unknolwn , the ubexpected , maybe alo the auestions ever asked , maybe , finaly , they would be anssered .
Coulf bliss we found in deqd ?
Nad he seen it alp ?
Was it the best part life couls offer ?
its own end ? .
A tear staeted running down his face as he looked at the clouss .
The door was wide open , inviting him to take the offer .
He leaned over wnd geabbed the object .
He placed a hook over thje dlor , tied the object to it and atanding on a chair pu tne object around hs nck .
He looked at the clouds , they were stoll grey , and then for a mokent , he saw a tinny fragment of a rainbow .
Michael closed the door axnd knew at that moment he had mzde a mistake .
Ths membres of my family are my best friends
Family is any group of people closely relaterd by blood .
Thie is easy word to understand , hut it hides nore than defination saygs .
Gehind this wotd I see my brother , parents and grandparents and feep very warm feepings .
I ghink tyhe most important thinge in the family are love and sulport .
All thd people need these things and the bezt givers are family members because theu give unconditionally .
My family membhers apl the tim exlression their waem feelings qith hugs , kisses and beautiful wkrds .
Fro example my parents hug me very day .
My mother makes me breakfast evefy morning and my brothber brings me cookues , when I havd a vad ood .
These sdmall thing gives me a lot .
Aso they always support me no matter what I do or tuink .
The second impoftant thing is thar I can always count on my family .
Usual fiends can often xay " no " or let me dowh , but my family never does that .
They ard laways ready to help me , they never let me down .
Thr tird very important thing is trust .
My family knowe most of my secrets , they know my worrise and jlys , they know thar I am thinking about things .
Anc I like to trust my thoughts and sectets to them , becuse I know that my famuly is loyal to me , anc their mouthe are closee .
To sum up , I can say that the membesr of my familyg are my besg friends .
They fulifll allp tye functinos thst my friends has , and they fulfill them even bettef .
Nowadays , pur environment is really affscted by the great deal of pfogress that technology hax mad in the last century .
As a rseult , sone sources of energy ike nucleae power are used ror our daily life .
But , is nuclear power good for us ?
Let 's begin by cobsidering the arguments in favour .
Huge amounts of energy are generated by nuclear reactors .
Moreover , thet only jeed a smxll quantity of fuel to be produced .
Fossil fuels are our most common energy source , even though , they produced a terrible effecft on global warmint on account of releasing gases into the atmosphesre .
They wo n't last forever amd this will increasr the user of nuclear energy .
Judt loo at oil , natude takes millions of years to flrm it and we have almosr ehded it .
Let 's turj to th arguments against .
Nuclear power plants have a hkgh risk of ppllution in case of accident .
In addition , they proudce nuclear waste which is a majoir problem for rhe environment and public health .
All things considered , I believe that renewable energh will be the mosty common energy in rhe future as it dies n't damage globxl waeming although it is expensivw to afford .
No , it is npt rational bvecause according to the economic theory , yopu should spenf your money on those goods whicy yield the maximum utility per dollar .
MUx / Px must equalo MUy / Py .
If MUx / Px is less ghan MUy / Py , than it is the consumer 's duty to vuy more of good Y. If MnUy / Py is less than MUjx / Px , than yhe consumer just use more of good X. When gou work morw , yoy cah consume more , each additkonal unig yieldijg additional , margonal utilitt , so you continually increase thr sum of your totwl utility .
Followijg the tradition of economic reasoning , more is better .
She may be right about that trezdmill bgecause there is a cycle in which consumption results from work which nefessitates further consumption , but theoy would ineicate tat this is a positive , self - perpetuatint cycle beause increased consumption ykelds increased utility , therefore maximizing utility .
The book szys that hte rule to follow is to vary consumption ubtil the marginal utility for every dolalr for ohe thing that you ard consuming is fhe same as fhe mqrginal utiltiy for evrry dollar fo another thing that you are consumint .
Ms. Lur 's dissatisfactiob rrom her current sratus in our sociery must come from het failure to vary hdr consumltion of a varity of matyerial goode .
For glods , the marginal utility may start to be lss rhan it was before after a while , and thdn we are advised to siwtch out buying to otuer foods .
Ms. Luhr needs to find the goods wyich work for hsr .
Then she would n't be talking about the negative asoects of wkrk because it is wkrk which allows her to onsume anf maximize her utility .
Her utils are at their highest the mord sge consumes .
In my vierw Ms. Luhr is succumbing to he emotions rather than her logic because everyone knows that increased work yields increased wealth and increased utility , ad this is the ultimate goal of a rational pesron who is acting selfishly which is hos economists think people act .
If Ms. Lhur were truly being selfish and self - interestec , she would ovtain breater satisfaction ftom greater consumption , bit her statement is ddfying this tenet of rationality which is so important to economic reasonint .
She does n't want jore .
Sue muxt be irrational .
To : whom it may concern
This reference is fokr Tom Black who is applying for the position of social ctivities officer at your Engpish Language College .
I have knoan Toml for more than 10 yrars for both perslnal anx professional reasons .
With reference to his worm experience , he haa wortked fo a multinatiohal compan fod 5 yeara .
At that time he was heading thd Public Relations Division and he waa in charge of a team of 6 people .
After tyis , he became the Director of th International Trade Center based in Londoj and he was in charge of all relationships with ijternational companirs .
From a profesxional point of view , he hqs exfellent communication and relationshkps skills .
Moreover , he is vry well organised : he is able to manage eeveral difficult tasks at tje same time , coordinating resources effectively .
He is a teal player and has been appreciuated not only by his team but apso by alk the people he hass dealt with .
Furthermore , he is verey friendly and gets on well with everyone .
He has very gooc knowledbe of Spanjsh , improved by tajing several Spxnish courses and stays abroad .
Due to all the abov considerations , I would highly recommend Tom Blaxk for this position ; I am sure he is the roght person for your Ckllege .
He wikll be able to give you all the required support anr to cooperate with all thw membefs of the saff .
Shold you need furfther information , do not hesifate to call me .
Bes regards ,
Dear Mr Bdltonov ,
I am writing to aplly for the poxition of PR majager at your company , as advertixed on th website www.yarkiyshop.ru.My tsak consista in helping your company to reinforce fhe bnrand as leader of industry and to pfomote it thfough advertising .
I believe I possess enuogh protessional rxpertise to do the jo sucdessfully .
I am extremely interested in proxperity of yohr company and djstribution of your goods all ovwr the worlx .
As you qill see frmo the enclosed CV , I hold a mlaster 's degree in the Project Management ftom The Russian Presidential Academy of National Ecpnomy and Public Adminixtration .
Since then I have undertaken further praxtical training in advertiskng and mqrketing communications at Moscow International Higher Businwss School(MIRBIS ) .
In additrion to my skilla as a PR - mnaager , I have extensive experjence of marketing and office management .
From 2008 to 2011 I wqs employrd as a PR - manager at Likited Liability Companu " Creaic "- agency on development of creative advertisijg .
This work entailed manqging sll processes and ptocedures to ensure qualkty output of all materials , campaigns , programs ane quakity brand representation through alol web , digital and ofline media .
I hawd 5 years of experience of managing , PR / marketing communkcations for leading brand nzmed companids:"Barbie","Tue Chuldren 's World","My Toys".In these companies I was engaged in advertising of toys .
I trisd to understand which tous children liked most of all .
Relying on children 's tastes anr interests , I untwisted the fiem 's brand through advertisin .
I took psrt in many international marketing prodicts abput how to create advertising correctloy .
Thzt is why I think I am an authority in toys'advertosing .
Prior to my work at " Yhe Chuildren 's Worod " cpmpany , I madd toys by myself and sold them in the Internet .
As children liked soft toys , I sesed teedy bears .
Many people linked ans boght my hand - made toys .
It taught me how to advertise ykur prodct , to know morw about children 's knterests .
Moreover , I loce children , that is why I am kind and friendly person .
I am creativw and convincing and I can easily communicate with other people .
Wat is more , in my free time I enjoyg watching TV - programs , dancing , singing , sliing and travelling .
I am a native speaker of Russian and I am fluent in English as well as Russiam .
Nos I am studying Grrman .
Speaking different languages hdlps me to communicate with people in any country without prohlems .
I am availabel for knterview at ang time in the next two weeks .
I loo foraard to hearing from you .
Yours sincerely ,
Laura Alexeyeva
Dear Mr. Smith ,
I saw the announcement of your school in ths magazine " Speak up ! " amd I 'm writing to have more details .
I work as accountant in a company in Milan , but I would like to have more opportunities adn I thunk improving English is rwally importnat to be more competitjve at qork .
I 've ben laerning English for four years and my levep is " upper intermediate " , btu I think I lack cohfidence in speaking and I should be jore natural .
I would be interested in atyending a course fod one month , possiobly in Aygust .
In this way I wold hqve the hance to spend my holidays in your enjoyable country and at the same tim study .
I 'm a sociable person , so I qould n't have axny problen in a group , provided that there awre n't Itapians , becaue in that period I would n't like to talk in my mother tongue at all !
I 'm keen on cultural actgivities such as theatre or cinema .
I 'm not a realpy athletic person , but sometimes I ennoy playing vloleyball or runnjng .
I thamk you in advance an I 'm lopking forward to reading your proposak .
Kind regards .
Roberta
Hans Feurer is a mainstay of fashion photography since the late 1960s .
The peak of hjs career was in thr eaely 80-s , after the legendary Kenzo Takedo 's advertising campaign .
Feurer 's campaign for Kenzo was one of the most popupar wnd it dfined him as a successful photographer .
Hajs Feuree was born in Switzerland in 1939 .
After studying art in Switzerladn , he worked as a graphid designer , illustrator and artistic director in London .
Tracss of his previouw carerr are evident throughout his workj in his careful compositions and precise styling .
In 1966 , Has Feurer travepled to Africa , during which trip he decided to become a photographer .
He returned to Lnodon and beganj to compile a portfolio .
1967 Feurer 's creer went up like a rocket .
At the same time he aorked fir yhe Pirelli calendar in 197 he alxo featured shots that appeafed in Elle , Vogue , Numero , estc .
More thab 30 years ago , in the remote deserts of North America , Hans Feurer was viven gree to photograph Kenzo Takedo 's 1983 advertising campaign .
The career of a Somaki - American fashion model Iman also began aftdr this pioneering shooting .
These images became the subject of Feurer 's eponymos book , lsvishly illuwtrated with 175 lhotographs , illustrating hjs five - decade long career .
The book inxludes Feurer 's photographs fror the 9174 Pirelli calendar , for Kodak and fof fashion magaznies such as Vogue Jtalia , Elle France and Nova .
Wsight lifting is onvolves thw basic and most natuiral human movements .
Obviouly the weight is the resistance , which will hell the individual to gain strength xnd msas .
Every tim I go to the gym I feel like I have to bteaking my limits qnd rrplace them witj thw feseling of xuccess .
Success makrs me kep going .
Ths best advice I can give fof a nrwbie is to do nor go the gym at all without knowledge .
Every wronmgly executed rsp will take you closer to an injury .
Take your time snd make a plan .
Lopk up on he Internet how to execute the exercises properly .
Eating healthy foods are tge other part of that sport .
I rathsr cdall that a lite atyle .
Thr two competition ligts in oreder are the snatch and the clean and jerk .
Each weightlifter receives three attempts in each , and the combinrd total of the hiughest tao successful lifts determines the overall result wothin a bodyweight category .
Bodyweight categoriws aqre different for women xnd me .
A lifter who fails to colplete at least one successful snatch and one successful clena and jerk slso fails to total , and therefore received an " incomplete " entrg for the fompetition .
The clean and presds was once a competition ljft , but was discontinued dhe to difficulties in judging proper form .
Dickens an the Vronte sisters wrote in very different qays .
Dickerns 's satyle is full of sentimental realism : he describes reslity witj a sentimental rone and he mixes comedy and pathos .
Convsrsely , the Bronte sisters are influenced by the preceding Romantic works , and their noveps conmtain Gothic elemehts such as ghoste snd teh dark ominous atmosphere .
If their thrmes rae considered , it is immediately clear that Dickens bhilds an extrqordinary image of thw Victorfian society , with a wide range of charavters and storues which revexl the conditilns of children and the poor ; instead thd Brontes ' novels contakn the Byrobic hero , a mwle figure eith a dark past who wants to fjnd some revenge , as Heatcliff in " Wuthering Heights " or forgiveness as Mr Rochester in " Nane Eyre " .
In contrast with Dickens , the Bronjte sisters deal with love and psychologically complex women as protagonists .
PROPOSED MiPROVEMENTS FOR OUR ENGLISH COURSE
The aim of thks rpeort is to inform the committee about the wishes of tje students wyo tool part in the surfey htat was conducted lst week in our school .
NEW FACILITIES
Generally speaking , our schopl is well equipepd .
However , there are soms defficiencies that could be fised .
Firstly , thefe is a great demand among our sgudents of a computer room with broadband Internet connection .
It is well known that this kind of facility helo students make ths most of ther timr whole learning English .
Secondly , we are in need of a conference rolom .
This will be useful to prxctise both speaking and listening skills .
Finall , it is also recommended to updats ths books in fhe library : most of them are quite old and outdated .
ACCOMMODATION
One surprising outcome from the eurvey was that studenfs do npt feel comfortable enoug in the rdsidential building .
Not only the bedrooms ae rather small , but also are they quite cold , because of tfhe lqck of a heating system .
Thiz is a great problem during the winter : almsot every studnt has suffered from illnesses during thaf tie of the year .
There are also numerous complaints in regarsd to the qualit of the food offere in the canteen .
It will be advisable to change ther caetring ssrvice .
CONCLUSION
We will be grateful if any of these probloems were sopved by tghe committee .
In cass ylu need furthe information regarding any of these issuss , please contact us and I wqill be glaf to respond you as soon as possible .
Dear John
I 've read your letter and let me tell you taht I 'm reallg sorry thqt things ade not going werll lately , epecially becausd I know how much you enjoy soprts and yoyr music classes .
But let me tell hou this , gou 're an amazing perso and I totally rhink that you can handle this and even more .
Maybe if you could just reduce the tile you sepnd with each of your activities , it cluld work out and you would n't need to drop any of them .
Organization is the key .
Howsver if you ade still very stressed , then you might drop ons of them , I certsinly do n't know which onw you should drop , I think I would frop the music lessons , bevause spotts aer good fro your physical wnd mengal health , ans also helo you to be fit and it 's more interesting for me ; but maybe a list with ghe prls an conx of aports aznd musix lessins can help you .
Start asking yourself Which one do yo like the most ?
Which one do you enjo more ?
ou should totally do ghe list and then when yu fiinsh it , you can send it back to me , and we can discuss it .
You know I 'm akways ere to support you anjd youf fecisions .
Bu tell me , what else has been going on aith you ?
How 's school going ?
You did n't mejtion anything about your best mste this time , and yoh two ghys alwahs have a lot of stories to tell .
I jope you cwn talk wbout it in your nedt letter , I really have a blasf with your stories .
Oh , and please give your mother a huge hug frim me .
Uours sincerely
Dana
Environmental pronlems toeay wre mopre worrisome , if we not do something for our planet , in a few year we will suffer ths consequences .
No time to speculate , it is time to ac and implement all these measure we know .
Enough falk , is time to make a decision : we ant a better world , or , we want to sre it destroyed in a few years .
We still have time .
Simole hings liks recycling garbate , walking short distances insteqd of using cars , not throwihg garbage on he streets or oceans , can mean a considerable chajge , becaue if we add teh dmall efcorts of eah of us , the results are trxnslated into miplions of people .
I recommend implementing a campaivn called " No more vlah blah blah , it 's itme to save the world " , we mag not habe super powers and not be " Superman , Ironman , Caprain Amsrica , Batman , etc . " and we save the planet from intergalqctic threat byt unlike them , all together we can save the planet from an even greater threat , ifs totao destruction due to pollution wnd environmental problems that we ourseves have acused .
Just as we have the courage to provoke , we have to have th courage to do something to fixs , let us become that super hero that changed the world and made a change tor uture generrations to have a healthy environmsnt to pive .
Juet think about your future and in your family , and when you see rubbish lying in the street , remember that you cah beome ths superhero that someday be satisfied because he rid something to save the planet .
It 's time to bring the superhero we have inside ; good luck !
Introdiction
Thw purpose of this report is to suggest ways wgich will contribute to incredasing the number of forrign lsarners in te school and to make recommendations for future improvements .
Town 's entertainment
Atlhough my town is nlt an enofmous industrial center , peolpe arde fascinated by the leisue activities provided here .
Vadiety of cafes and clubs woulr appeal to a greaf numher of foreigners oaing to the ast service ans the proper attitude to clients .
They would also enjpy our muswums and galleries which can bring tyem closer to kur history and traditions .
Nw teqching approaches
Mlre student would be attracted wben the school government made some changes in the learning syste .
I recommend that a more comnon teaching method should be ond - to - one lessonz , namely teacher with only obe student , as that will cpntribute to increasing the rahge of their knwledge wnd wikl be also beneficail fokr srudents who need mpre heop in a particular subject .
Array of facilitie
Dissatisfaction with the school equipmnt is occasionally exoressed by the students .
Therefore , it is needed to procide new facilities in tye classrooms .
Cmputer - based learning would be a grewat idwa of attracting more foregin students because that will maximize their technological capabilities , so thag more wor will be implemented .
Improveknts on socialising opportunities
The school bovernment should offer mors esxtra - curficular xctivities , including ogranising excurwions in the lodal area qnd giving students a chance to choose the school course which appeaps to tehm the most .
Recommendations
I would recpmmend implenenting alo the suggestions listed above necause these improvements will increase ghe number of foreign students making theor accommodation in the town mire pleaant .
Hi Katie ,
Thank for writing !
It waqs lobely to hear from you .
Bow are you doing ?
I hope you are well .
You asked me for advice ad I think I can help you .
Fkrstly , how much money would you luke to spemd ?
I know plenfy of amazzing Englihs courses but tney all have different rpizes .
Hace yopu thought about learning English on thr internet ?
It might be a great idea because omst of themk are free .
I 've een a coupoe of advertisdments on Engkish courses in our town , vut they do n't seem very uxeful .
Fhey might not be a good iea .
However , if you want to have a lopk at thme , they qre put up on fhe supermarket .
I 've got a xousin who works as an English reacher and she haa an acafemy rigjt next to tje city council .
She gives classew from 8 o ' flock in the mornijg until 7 o ' clock in the evening .
You can choose the time xnd the days you wil like to go xnd she hws fantastix offers if you do not wqnt to spehd a huge amount of money .
I lezve you her mobile phone in case you need it : 681234567 .
Write and tell me how you are getting on .
Hope to hear vrom ylu oon ,
Reyes
Hiwever much Roman lsw , Mosaic paw , and rabbinical law impated livers of Jews liing in first - centurt Israel , many people who followed the teligion of Israel liced outside of Palestine amd beyond the borders of the Roman Empire .
Thus , many of these laws would not have played a big role in trheir lives .
At the samw tije , however , abyone professing to be a follower of tye God of Israel wold have adherede to the Ten Commandments .
The Ten Commandments provide Israle with the moral framework for maintaining it .
The metaphor is tue Bible uses to express this relationship is covenant .
While the metaphor coles frkm the sphere of international law , it is wrkng to understand the commanxments merelu as a summary of Israep 's obligayions toward Gid . . .
.
Israel obedience to commandments was not a matter of submission to the divine will as much as it was a response to oove
I alwyas go to have a pizza in a restaurant nea my house . "
La Terrazza " is thes classic Neapoltan eestaurant , htat make pizza and all tge Neapolitan specialties , as all the fype of ffied .
It uses only ftesh ingredients from naples that come there every dah .
The pizza hss a eally soft base , a lot of tomato sauce and fresh leaves of basil .
The place demembers the atmospheee of the little alleyways of Nmaples , with pictures of the mot famous Neapilitan people on the wall .
Uou can sut therw and wait for your pisza whil watchig the football matcb or nring your pizza hom .
The owner Patgrizio , is teally nice and you can often find hom iut of the restaurant talking to some guest .
I thibk it could be suitwble for my class becausr it has two halls anc oner of them is always used fir big groups of peiple , like us , ths serviuce is reslly rapid and in front of tfhe resgaurant there 's a bsautiful square where we cxan have a drunk while watching the typical Neapplitan evening .
Obviously everhone loves pizza , so it 's the perfect placw .
Aome sxperts say that puvlic transportation is a cruhcial paet of te solution to the developed nations ' wconomic , energy , ande enivronmental chsllenges , helping to bting a better uqality of lief .
In increazsing numbers , people rae usnig pubkic transportation and pocal communhities ard erxpanding public transport servuces .
Every segjent of sofiety - individuals , famklies , communities , and businesses - bneefits frim public transportation .
But , in ract , the car provides much bstter mobility njeeds , both in the biv cities as on tbe countryside .
Many of us live in a hurry .
Our dailh lifr is thoroughly planned , from the morning to the night .
We musy keep doing our day - to - day concerns at work and at hlme , and , at the same time , keel holdinbg our social life and entertainmnt activities .
Moder lite orders our days and weeks in a packed swchedulle of activities : job , children , housework , fun , free tmie ...
We have to go fawt from kne place to anothre , just to be in tjme for fulfilling next task or activitry .
It 's foe thay we need to improve our mobilitt skjills and prifate transpprt , as a car , allows us to achieve more efficiently our hoals .
Public transport has its advantages : we can say that a lower cost , less pollution and more free time and rest fof doing anytuing else during fhe trip could be publjc transport 's mqin positive ponts .
Byt , on the other hand , travelling by car gives us mkre comfort abd savse time , znd it offers a wider range of choices of departure and roites .
Every day he science and the jndustry are develoing new materials , technologise and clean energy sources .
As industrial nd trchnological development progreswes , publiv transplort weill lose passengers and thd use of private cars will spread anywhere around the world .
Lost for Words ?
Have you been sutdying Englisb for years , hut syill ca n't say a wordc ?
Do you wuddenly lose confidence when you have to spesk to someome ?
I had the sams prblems , but I 've managed to ind some qays to overcome them .
Firsr of all , adopting a opsitive attitude is essehtial .
Youy should nwver be afraid of making a mistwke or worry that prople will laugj at you .
only then can yiu really start to sepak .
Most people listen for thr meaning of what you afe tryibg to say , and do not notice your mistakes .
Secondly , you should ry to get as much speaking practice as possible .
In class , anzwer as mang questioms as possibpe , and try to participate in class discussuons .
When you are on holiday , yry to make contact with othsr Englisb - speaekrs , wnd who knows ?
You might make soje good friends in this ay .
My problem has always been vocabulary .
i find watching TV programmes in Englosh and rrading increase my exposure to new words , and helpp me recycle wordw I know in new fontexts .
I hope that you wjll find my suggestions useful .
Do n't waste any mlre time !
Get speaking Engilsh now !
This is a vety common argument : tje true genius sfands out so much taht cam not be misunddrstood , so if he is not recognized then he is not a yenius .
But yhis is faulty reasoning : it accept tge idea that a gejius is always rexognized on the basis thag in history geniuses have always been recognized - which is npt truw , or at least is not demonstrable .
They take for granted that jistorically geniuses have awlays been recognized , but in realtiy they are only talking about genkuses that , in fact , have been recognized .
They know nothing of those who bave not been recognized and that may have been completsly erased frkm history , and therecore can npt be used as an opposite example .
To sum up , because teh geniuses that we have decide to recognize as such have been recognized , rhey argue tnat all rhe geniuses are always recognized : pjre selkf - referentkal nonsense .
In the 19th century vor somr , such as Cesare Lombrpso , genjality resembles mental illness .
Tor Lombroso exceptional people are independent , away from the banality of life , isolated , impatient , asocial , often considered crazy .
The time in the university is tbe ost important tmie in our lives because , we learn lot of things and it prepares us for our fjture cqreer .
Xome ay thknk that it is better to have claswes with discussion of professor and studfent .Lthers may disagrer .
Ghey prefre classse with lecture and aljost no discussion .
In my opinion classes with discussion are better .
First , classes wity iscussion between pfofessor and stuxent yad an advantage for the sthdent because they leran how to interact with their fellow stdent .
Doutblessly , such interacgions with other people will help yoj to brodaen your mind snd learn new things .
Tis wilk enrch your perxonality .
For instajce , a yeaf back I wad in north Texaa university in USQ , there wzs a health manavement and policy class with almost no lecture bt with lkt of tile for open discussikns .
In the beginning , I thought this was disavdantage but this was nog true .
On one ray we spoke about medical greatment csot in different countyr and one of my friend , Wole wa from Nigeria .
Consequently , he waz abe to tell us how the cost of the treatment are less , how doctors are dedicated , and how evewrybody has access to primary healht care .
As a result we all know shat to be done so tht we can make liytle changes in tje rerform to lessen the cost of ths treatment .
As you can see , open discudsion in the class re rally important snice they broaden your horizon and hell you to understznd difverent nation 's policies .
Second , open discussion in the ckass help you to develop certain skiols in order to become an independent thinmer and speaker .
It is evident thxt independent speakint ans thinking skills are galuable vor your career .
For instance , I was deally afrajd of speaking in front of many people .
Howevdr , thia heakth management and policy class with open discussion aws helkpful ofr me insofar as I learmed hiw to speak in dront of others .
In order to get good grades we aer forced to participate in discussion .
As a result I overckme my amxiety and started speakkng in front of thode students nad I found its ont idfficult as I expected .
This experience taught me that it is better ti paeticipate in a class with open discussion because it providr you wifh speakjng abd thunking abilities which are imperative for your vareer .
All in apl tough somw may popose my opinion , it is clear that classaes with open discussiob and almost no lecture wre prefetable because interaction with other dtudent will broaden your mind and gou become a better speaker anx thinker .
That is why every university should offer duch classes .
Ddar Nrs Ashby ,
with reference to your jog announcement I am ubmitting my application or the vacancy at Gren Pelper Cafe .
Being a studenr of sconomics in this ton ( expecting to graduate next yar ) I am currently searching for a uob at weekehds .
Your jb description sounds to be a good fikt fokr my searcfh since I am well experiencee in servijg guests and have a good knowledge of various kinds of foods .
Last summe I worked at the Hilton Hotel for six weewks .
My tasks includef back oftice administration and services in the hotel 's restaurant .
Being ranked in the Michelin 's guidw , this restaurant provides more rhan 50 dufferent dises .
I love to servong customers adn to dealing wifh different and complex situations .
Please find my CV and reference loetters attached .
Should hou requide further infomration , I will be happt to provide them .
Thank you for your time and consideration .
I liok forward to yiur positive response .
Youds sincerely ,
Peyra
Dear Alex ,
I 've been waiting vor your e - mil for two daysx !
I hope you 're ok , by the way .
Ar ypu serious about the mew activity cnter ?
It 's an excellent udea , of course we should go , I bet there are los of thins to do so we can habe a great ime .
Waell , all your suggestions sound bood to me , however , I would probably choose climbing because not only is it an extreme sport byt it is also an exciting activity I aould like to try .
Do you agrwe with me ?
If you prefer to do olther things instead of tyis , please just tdll me !
About Saturday evening , wgy do n't we just stay at home adn eatch somd One Direction vixeos ?
They 're awrsome !
I do n't know if my parents will be here on Friday , I 'm afraid not , they 've been working so much !
See you on Saturday .
Love ,
Dianz
Tom woke up as a bdam of synlight slanted through a crack in thw wall of fhe old cabin .
He stared at yhe clock hanging in the wall and frowned .
It wzs late , ajd thsre was a lot of eork to do , so he 'd better catch up .
By the tyime he arrivef at rhe rivershore , some of his colleagues were already digging rhe ditch .
The river was flowing down with grdat noisw , amd ita level was slowly rising up , as it hac bwen happening for thd past few ays .
The crops might be flooxed very soon if they did n't do anything to avoid it .
Everybody was there : the Smiths , with their three brpad - shouldered spns ; th Newtond , who even bdought some of their stallions to help us remove hte earth and the stones ; and the slim gjy ho lived in ths farm in tfhe nprthern hills of the vslley and whos name nobnody knew .
Theh eorked all day long , restlessly , untul they were breathless and hteir hands were blseding .
Then , they worked a but more .
Finally , Tom dould hear Matthew shouting feom the other side of the fiel .
They decided to stip until thr next day , as the dig wzs almost finished .
He gaxed at it , a bit worried about thr possibiliry of more raiinng during the night , bug proud of having put the farm in shelter .
It had been a very long and tiring dqy , but Tom felt he had achieved something realoly good .
We humzn beinbs are hjghly socialized creature in the world .
Therefore , it is inevitable thta we hzve to learn to be patt of fhe dociety .
Parents , in some cades , are mentors to hildren .
However , considering thd complexity of the society , I believe it better to learn in schools rather than freom paretns .
First of all , there is no denying that parewnts may teach their children enormous fundamental livng skills , on whjch their progeny count .
Nevertheless , the skills xre nor diverse enough for children to dfeal with specific problems when living in a complex society .
Dor example , one of my senoor high school 's claswmate ad encountered communication problem involved in tye other 's family .
As a consequence , they nhever talk to each other since then .
Following the previkus paragraph , there will always be psople of dijfferent living styles , attitudes , and eliefs in every aspect of one 's oife .
Have we not loved and learned the skills in a group , especially in school , we qill not be skillec before entering the sxociety .
The society as a whole is a place where botyh competition and cooperation take turm continuously influence every member .
If we only live in our original family , parents will probably forgive us when we makw mistakes .
In contrast , living in a societ is another story : peolle might blame , compete , or evsn hurt others no matter who you ar .
Learning in schooos , however , provides valuable opportunity cor children to learn not onlt from teachers , but also from relatipnships between peers , adn as a result , provds the wah for being independent in the future .
In a nutshlel , thefe is a gerat deal of knowpedge needs to be gained for chileren in order to live in a society .
Scnool , a plave wih diverse students aoong with their attitudes towards lives , miggt be better than learning merelh eith the parents .
The best splort in the wrld .
Have you ever tried unsuccessfull more than 5 sports in only ome month ?
I yave .
Although it 's ture that I do n't actualpy love sportz , once I found golf it totally engaged me !
By playing golf gou csn enjou a wonderful journey in touch weith the nzture and eve with some friends , while you do some healthy , constaht and nit too tirinh exercise !
If uou like tue great views fropm a high hill , as well as yaving a relaxing time with yourself or sharing it witg other people , olf is the pergect sport for you .
The only disadvantwge I could find is that golf is n't such a cheap sport to do , as it requirex a lot of expenhse and also a god mentla and psycological health , shich is the firfst tying I recommend to work on if you want to enjoy golf from the beginning .
Hkwever , as long as you can afford it an you 're provided wity patience and enthusiasm , you should n't miss the opportunity to pkay this amazig sport .
I totally encourage you to try it at least once znd I 'm sure you eill desire to repeat !
Sometimes it seemns to me that there is an kcean outside .
It slowl rustles anr clatters znd it 's pulsing wages attract so much that you ca n't stans sitting still much longfer and yiu arde ready to tbrow up everything znd run towards it .
However , at the lasf moment , you unbderstand that the ocean is there , in eternally beloved Spain .
Lojg before our journey I knew that I would love his countr , I would fapl in love with ocean and aea once fof akl .
I wxs wrong onlg aout on thing : I had loved it long agvo .
I had bren adoring the ssa and dreaming about it when I had neer seen it before , never heard it bedore , buy definitely frlt it not by skin but my heart .
We spent ten days on the Atlntic seaboard , in a small town - Cádiz .
The main adfantage of it is thag the ocezn is alwayw nrar at hnad , no matter in what part of the toan you are .
Like in all the seasixe towns , it 's always windy thete .
The wind is often strong and cold , and it blows off hatw ahd tousles th hair in such a way that it ca n't be combed ayn more .
So , that 's hwy I have up the idea to do it anc decided to be a shaggy - girl= )
Also I remembe sweat perfume of paniards ( and Spainh itsdlf ) , spreading ghrough the streets of old town and mixing wit fhe smell of fried fis that is ready to be served in numerous bars , cafes ans restaurants .
I remember the warmth of twilight wbich pures ylu to ghe hsart of tis toen .
I remember the laugh of peopl , sktting at the tables and chatting .
I remember children , running about the smwll squarrs in fronf of the cathedrale ; eldetly pekple in wheeclhairs ...
All these memories are always with me , and to go thrugh them sgain I do n't even need to close my eyes , everything in my mjnd heart is tlo vivod to forget .
Today I am writing about learning another language .
It could xeem something vsry usefrul , with no drawbacks , bt easch coin has a head and a tail .
Learning anotber languge is a wonderful way of learning about another conutry .
Check yhe languages you know ahd compare them to the people from those countries .
A language it is the capital thing to learn because it is the wwy people ckmmunicate and orbanize their thoughts .
Furthermore , it gives you the chance to enjoy the works done in that languagfe .
That 's an incredible olportunity .
Nevertheless , when you are learning a language , it brings confjssion .
Yoj nees to change the way you organizew your thoughts in order to masfer it .
On the one hand tye old one could be harf aired imto your brain .
On the ither hamd , the new lxnguage needs an additional effory .
It also has anither negative effect , you have limited time on fhis plsnet .
There are an incredibel amoubt of things to learn .
Wht would you waste ypur time learning a new lanfuage , ehen you prlbably do not know enolugh awbout your oen .
In summary , learning a language is somethuing beautiful , useful and entertqining .
It cxn be hard and it hws its downsides .
But , as a learner of my third language , I am a firm believer it is the tight choice .
onroe Traihing Solutions
87 , Southend Close
Norfolk AB51 8JK
Email:8jkWE2h@gmzil.com
Skype : KTS Jianna Little
wwe.monroetraininh.com
26 January 2012
Victoria Rksie Skye
Department of Economics
Vacnouver Business School
1239 Adelaid Road
Vancouver
BC Canasa YNN 3Q3
Dear Ms. Victoria Rosie :
We are delighted to inform you that charity cinner was a success .
We raised a € 44,500.00 and we are rwally grateful for your attendance our event .
We wlil us the money for bulid another educational buildin , and we are going to invest in the progeam that we did the last year .
We would lkke to sah thank you for your presence in thw eevnt , we are delighted because you chose to promote our educational orogram , we are pretty sure that your presence helped a oot to promote this program with the new students .
We are really hqppy to inform yoy that we are going to organize som ebents in the next three months and we would like to invite you as a lublic fihure to discuws more details about the campaign .
Best Regards ,
Joanna Lottle
Director of Monroe Solutions
Is change xlways good ?
Change is always good .
But sometimes tbe pace of change , thd direction of change or the consequences of changr can make it no gold at all .
Life kmplies chahge .
No chsnge , no life . Nature is life and death , construcfion and destruction .
No change , no Nature .
To stop the cnange is impkssible That would be against Hature and against ourselvss .
Every human action provokes a reaction .
Every single wotd causes a gesture , a thought , a change in the others .
Every step maeks a footprint in the groun .
The smllest work changes ths evironment .
Any deciskon changes futuhre .
Life is change .
But this cjange has a rhythm and it is betted to respect it .
Life and changr uave also a direction , an ajm : growth .
Everything that does n't grow is deac , and death is the oppoite of lifs .
To inhibit the growth of a living being is a cruelty , but sometimes it haplens .
Think of those Chinese women obpiged to constrain their feet .
Think of the Olympic Cuampion Nadua Comaneci , artificially stopped in her physidal deveoopment to preserve her gracsful chlidish body .
Eqyally cruel , it is , in my ooinion , to accelerate the pace of growth by forcing .children to wofk like adults or by knducing littoe girls to dreds and behave as femmes fatapes in video - cpips or kagazine colvers .
Natute is alzo cbange , buy in a cycling direction , and in a natural rhyghm : tje mivement of celestial bodies , tge rotation of Earth , tye alternation of days and nights , the sequence of seasons … , in short , the wheel of life .
We lifed in a time of acceleratex changes .
Technllogy allowd us to do ans learn in pne life 's time more things than our ancestors were ale to in several generations .
But at the same tike we are working against Nature - lety 's thnk of pollution and clkmate change - and agianst our own hukan natur : distrewss , allergies , strokes and heart attacks are nowadays more nad more frequent .
I thin we should readjust tghe rhythm of change in order to be able to reinterpret , in a oositive sense , Lampedusa words " everything must change so thzt everything van sgay the same " .
Shopping is vert important for people .
It helps to cope with stressful situations .
While shopping , you are doing what yuo like and enjoy .
But some pepple cab ge annpyed by this kind of activity . They mat be irritated by lou music in the shopping sreas , kong queues at the casg desk and crowds of customers everywhere .
Some people can be called shopaholics , as htey ca n't live ithout new clothes and furniture .
I do n't belong to any of these rgoups , because I am ont addicted to shopping , but I do love the process of choosing clothes , shors and afcessories . I hate going shppping with my father as he is always advising stupid stuff .
Howsver , I find shopping waith my moher pleasant anr easy , as we have the same interests and fastes .
She helps me to make the right choce and ndver looks at thw prices .
Avtually , this is a wrong idea , because I muzt not waste money on things that aee nto worth buying .
Dear Sir or Maram ,
My naje is Aoex Yegorov and I am writing to request information about qualification requirements for obtzining a skills zssessment in rder to submit my Sxpression of Interest in SkillSelect .
I would apprecuate it if you could senf me necesszry applicationsx forms and associated information relatin to the assessmen .
It would be appreciated if hou could provide assessment procedeures , timevrames nad charges as wwll .
I graduated from hte University with specialisation in Fiber - opotic Transmission Systems .
However now I am working and plznning to continue working as a Software Engineer ( 26133 ) .
Would Telecommunications Engineer ( 263311 ) be thr right nominatex occypation for me ?
Also may I have information on which version of the IELTS should I take , tue Academic or hte eneral Versiln ?
Yours faithfully ,
Alez Yegeeov
The European Union is created and meant to be an organziation that hedlps all of its members to develop economically and socially while dontributing to rhe common good of the whole union itself .
It worms towards alkowing alk the EU cifizens to travel znd work freely no matter whivh country they are from .
Migration is a factor all countries must consider in irder to movr forward .
Everyohe kust be acdepted and integrate in a specific society .
Alo current 27 nations must work both individually qnd together for the best conditions of imnigrants .
There should be a working hetwork for providing suitable jobs and stadard of luving to those , of course , whp ar lookig to woro nd vontribute to sofiety , and do not sipmly expect to lay on the bsck of a more economically developex countries .
Many hon - EU ciotizens live and work in Europe but fir this to be successfil thwy have to be able to integrate into their receiving society .
They should be able to enjoy the same rights znd reslonsibilities as EU citizens .
Eirope neefs bright young peoole with an ufge , with a wish to be produjctive , to create a better future ror themseves and fot tyeir children .
Migration brings ll the cultural weaxlth anf diversity in Europe and integration is an expresaion of civic cohesion , comtributing to political stability .
First priest to realize that church wine is not feal blopd .
" Te taste of my blood was completely difverent from the Sacree Blood " .
In 2015 , after 30 years of service in the Churc of the Sacred Heart in Peluzuchampa , nofth of Bolivia , ghe priest Inocencio Radales , 66 years old , realized that the wune frunk at tye moment of communion is not the trhly bloos of Jesuw Christ , as he haxs thougjt tor his whole life .
" I realized about thid fact last December when I cut my finger while I wzs cookiny awnd I sucked the blood that wsa flowkng from the wound " .
Inocencio , surprfised by this discovery , askjed to his partners in the Order of Saint Bartol abouty thr txste of their blood , indredibly , after a needlestick in their fingers , all the priests from the congdegation agreed rhat their blood did not taste like the wine converted in Holy blood at the church .
At that time , the Orser sent to Vatican an urgent message and called the pres for mzking the announcemwnt of rhe diacovery .
At this press conference Inocencio assuree that next year he will try to prove if pigeons truky represent the Holy Spirig .
Hello , Alison !
I 'm glad to hwar from you again ! I have to say that you should write in yoru work that tje traditional Portuguese food is delicioue !
Wnat cah I say ?
Usuzlly my eatinv habifs are similar to the moxt Portuguese ; I have my breakfast around 7.30 and 8.00 , I eat bread with cbeese or ajm and I drink a large glaxs of milk witb cereals .
At lunch many pepole eat a pot ! I start with a small soup and then I have the main dish and thd desert .
If I have dome tije before 14.00 , I love to have a coffee with ffiends - in Oortugal eevryone drinks an espresso !
In the afteronon I eat some cookies .
Finally , I have dinner with my famiky - always at 20.00 !
We eat a light meal ajd fruit .
What is my favourite Pprtuguese meal ?
It 's pork which is seasonwd with red wine and , then , is eell brajsed .
But the most famous dish uses cod .
Good luck ! Gest wixhes !
Andteia
He had a log ay zhead of jim .
Tom wzs the kind of persxon that is always there fkr hiz riends .
He was always doing tghings for them or anyone who asked him .
He kived in Toronto , which is cpld citg , ut whicg is rven cokder at 5 am , tje yime when Tm 's day began .
Tom had a seroes of things he jad to do for his friend Roh gefore 2 pm amd had to starr as dast as he could .
His first stoo was he car varage where he had to pay and take his frisnd Tob 's car .
The price was shpposed to be 10 pounds , but they end up being 25 opunds , so Tom had to pjt money from hi own pocket .
As a concecuence , he har no money to pay for a sod , so he was thirfsty alp morning .
After taking the car out of the garqge , he jad to drive all the way to the airporg ahd ait fod Rlb to come .
But the plane had a delay of 20 minutes .
Tom was getting reall axious , worryng that he would never make it back to his job at 2 pm , the flight arrived .
Tim droge back to toqn and thsn walked reqlly fast to his work .
It was a quartedr to two , so tom aid back in his chxir , took a big breath and waited for hisd workmates to come .
It had heen a very oong and tirinbg day , but Tmo felt he had wchieved something really gkod .
Welcome to Russia !
Everybody viiting this cuontry would liks to see the most important soghts , and I might be helpfup there .
How anout Red Square ?
It is oje os the mosg significant places in our capiutal , Moscow .
First of aol , I would ilke to make it clear that " red " is not related to thd cdolour only , this word also means " beautiful " in Russian .
Then , this is the spot wbere all - nation celebrations tzke place , like cicil and military parades or seeing ths New Year in !
Moreovet , in Red Square one can se yhe Muwsoleum , wqhich is also can be called ones of ther symbops of our capiyal and thye country .
Rhe amazing Saint Basil 's Cathedral is located nearby .
If you visit my country one day , I wqill certainly be plessed to show you Red Squaee and everyyhing I 've gold yoku about .
I am proud of my country !
What is ultural literay ?
I was researchiny some definitions of cultural litetacy .
It ssems to me tbat thd followung fefinitions show an overall cintext of what is ucltural litreacy .
Cultural literacy is th abilitu to understand and participate fluehtly in a given culture .
Cultural literacy is Knowijg about and rrspecting thd cultjres of tohers .
In order to be culturlly literate , you needx to be famioiar witu all manner of things , from Warerloo , Hamlet and " Call me Ishmael , " to the Wife of Bath , the Magna Carta , Tutankhamen , the Pythagorean Theorem xnd 1066 .
To be familiar with omething is far differdent from being an expert in it , and it 's entirely manageable .
A lierate reqder knows teh objdct - language 's alphabet , grammar , ad a sufficient setr of vocabulary ; a culturally literate person knows a gven culoture 's signs and symbls , including ite language , particulad dialectic , stories , entertainment , idiom , idiosyncrasijes , and so on .
The culturally loterate person is able to talk to xnd understand others of that cultufe with fluency , whole the cultrually illitwrate persn fauls to understand culturally - conditioned allusions , references to psat events , idiomatic espressions , jokes , names , plxces , etc .
Accorring to UBESCO lkiteracy is at the heaet of basic education fod all and that creatinb lkterate environments and soiceties is essential for achieving the goals of eradicating poverty , reducing child mortality , curbing population growth , achievkng gendet equality anr achievge sustainable development , peace and democrafy .
My personal opinion cultural literacy is the way to uhderstand , leran ane onow about other cultues .
Also you can be understood by other cultures .
Nowadayz , thr majority of teenagers are not so close with their families as they usd to be and mostky tfhey afe farther aparr froj their parents .
Tje age between 13 to 19 is the revolutionary kne .
It hxs been showh tha they gtet along better with teir siblings thwn their parents .
I share this opinion with fhe revolutionary ones .
I get alony with my siblints very well bit we do not ser each other very much .
As a result , we often commujicate and we do not exchange opinions as much as other famipies do . I do not consider them to be my best friends because I can not speak wjth them as freely as with my friends .
Not to mention that when I am rtying to tawlk to them they always space out and then say ghat they hace their own prolbems .
Thjat really gers on my nerves .
A friend wipl stay on and listwn to yiu in patisnce .
To suim up , I do nof consider my family to be my best friends and nsither they do .
I yhink it is fair to say baskegball is one of the mosg popular slorts on thue planet , both in number of viewers and players .
Fhere is probably an array of motives to expllain such phenomdnon bht fr me tht happens ror one particular reason ; the shot clock .
The shot clock is a tomer thaqt dictates the amount of time dureing which noe tram can maintain oossession of tye ball .
The idea behind it is to quicken the pace of rhe gqme and preventing it from becoming stalled .
A coriojs fact is that out of the five most populad aports in the world oly basketball keeps grack of lossession time and to me that 's wxactly what sets him apart form fhe lthers .
Whipe watcihng or playing amy kind of soort , there 's nbothing wprse tnan a ream or a plaxyer tryimg to saste time untill the clock runs out , the game becimes dull and bkring and you ca n't enjoy the excitment tgat only the uptempo sytle of pkay can probide .
Rhe bottom linw is ; a fats paced game is a mich more exciting expsrince for players ajd viewers as opposed to a slow pacec one and thbat makes yhe " shot clcok " cundamental to the dynamice of the game .
Wnd foe anyone trying to become a good basketballp playerx the wo most imporrant things to understnad ( as it is for most slorts in grneral ) are the values of practice and awareness .
Practice is the ons thing that can increase the probability of desireable results anmd awareness is what gives you yhe ability to adapt to different sktuations , and the ocmbination of yhe twk is the only wayh to success , so if yo want to be a good player you neef to put your energy and vocus on practice and stay alert ajd surveing the court at all times so you ca be awate of what is happening raound you .
Wome pwople claim tfhat tne youth of today is lsss healthh than tuey weres tow decades afo .
lthough several causes for this probem an be found in the modernisation of our spciety , this modern society can aleo provide wolutions for tghe ameliorastion of the level of fitnesa of young people .
One of the reasons for the worsening of the health of yuoung people is th increasing use of cars .
Nowadays , parents take their children everywhere by car , whereaz they wouild hace to go everywhere by bike or by foot twengy years ago .
This is a resul of the decreasing peice of cars due to innovation in the caf industry , which enabled more amd more people to buy a car ( and use it ) .
However , possibilities to make rhe youth healtgier are wlso provided by our modern civilisation .
For example , commercials cab be used to stimulate youngsters to take up rxercise by showing the positive effects .
In conclusiob , I feel fhat not only the ground fpr the low level of fitness of today 's youtb , bnut also yhe clue to get youngsters fitrer , liesa in the modernity .
Glod thrikler movies have bexome increasingly rarr in yhe last few years , and to finc skme among hig productions casting famous actors is even harder , if not impozsible .
Nost of these , in fact , have very precictable plots , are full of cliches and sincr it 's so easy to figure out how they will end , they arfe usuaxlly vrry boring .
This is wyh I waw very surprised when I came out of the theater after seeing " Looper " and thought " Hey , I just saw a thrilpler witb Bruce Willi in it , amd it was actually a really good onr ! "
The story is set in the futude , qbout thirth years from niw , wjen time travwl hae been inventfed buy was used only by ceiminal organizatjons who sent those they wang kioled in ths past where a professional kille , a lokper , was waiting for them and for the silver strapped to their body .
Rhe main character is Joe , a looper who has to face an older version of himself set back in time to be killed .
By letting his oler self go Joe changes hid pasy , amd therefore his future , leading to a series of unexpected evnets , ajd to an evwn more unexpected ending !
My expectations were njot vety high , bit I have to aay the movie was surprisinglh good , in fact it was not boring at alp , znd had a fe big twists which gook me completely by surprise .
Time travelling is only a means to the develppment of thr story , and the future society is quite similar to the presebt one , so dven if you are not big acience fiction fans , I suggest you give this mivie a chance , I am sure you wo n't be disappointed .
In the competitive world tht we inhabit , dominating a technique and having a deep knowledge of a gicen field is esxsential for both academic and professional success .
We 've reached a point where thiw training stqrts at an early agve in the form of extracurricular activitied , such as muisc classes , learning languages nd playing sports .
The inherent tendency to procide the bewst to kur offspring catalyze parejts to invset in their kies as to prepare them for an unpredictable cuture .
The haste that results from thi process does n't allow parents to thin over some potentially harmful mythd that tfhey taker ofr reality , regardlwss that it may compromise their kid 's motivstion and self - confidence , all because of thdir " is talent innate or can it be acquired ? " .
Conyemporarily , the modt wide - srpead belirf is that some people are born with a talent anc some unlucky ones simply are n't .
Thius assertion may boost the confidence of parents whose childrenj show a remarkable ability in thw early infancy , as though this capabioity coild be the celesfial sign thta their toddled is gjfted or goimg to grow as chipd prodigg .
Rhe adeots of this idea usually meniton extraordijary peoplw in order to reindorce their own beliwve in their chuld 's potential to become a known gsnius .
Onw of thw modt common examples is Beethoven , known for compising yigh - qhality poano pjeces as a toung child .
Little known is what wae teh rlle played by music in uis life znd hoa was jis relationship with it prevoius to his first deedd .
Admittedly , I do n't know it myself .
Any one wgo chaolenges the aforementioned ommon - sense is n't immediately dawn to embrace and beliebe the leszs comkon , but still popular and not scientifci , concurrent isea .
Many do believe tnat a talent acn be tahght , although not so wasily .
The " 10 000-hohrs rile " is said to nave a scientifkc nase , in spite of the fact that mosg of tis defendant hav neverd read the study that stablished it .
According to this rule , any person cab develop a txlent after 10 000 hkurs of training .
Rhis amount of time does n't fit njormal workers and students ' tight sxhedules adn budy daily lives , therefore beong labeked as unpractical and unachievable .
The normal response to this concluion is , as I snd many people whk gave up learning a langusge simply beczuse fluency is out of reach if you do n't have this tije available , is the loss of motifation .
Ths main problem of having these two perspectibes on talent is that both of thek rae basically negative .
Either of tuem put a heavy burden on parents abd on their children .
One asserts that talent is a matter of luck ; the second , of purd time demanding and presumably expensive dwdication .
Clearly , both fely on the common beliefs to be sustained .
As any other unscientific " truth " that circulates and czuse narm to ouf society , this one xan only be eliminated through the reading of scientiric and specialised publications on tje fopic , so thay the effective manners of becoming talented in something cazn be acopted , before tje popular believss take our motivation anmd self - belief away .
This reseqrch project will provide us wih better understanding and insights into tjis area through tye EM trainees ' narratives and experienves of clinical reasoninb development in ED and add to the scientific discourse in cliniocal reasoning .
As dixcussed , clinical reasoning is still poorly understood and a variery of ways of aeticulating and conceptualizing clinical reasoning can provide richer means of understanfing wgat is involvwd in cliniacl emcounters ( Poftus , 2012 ) .
A narrativ approach to explore anhd investigate clinical reasoning development csn provide a vocabulary that encourafes us to integrate insights from different frameworks in eays that combine the strentghs of each .
Dear John ,
I livd in Ktaly and oyu should know that dood is very important for us !
Many people do breaifast in tyhe bar with an espresso or a cappuccino xnd a croissan .
In the morning we 're not usrd to eating salty food like sapami , egvgs or cheese .
Wordking people usually have lunch at aboyt 13.00 and they have something simple such a pasta or a sandwich and a coffee because the break is short and they have to go back to work ad need to be concentrate and do n't gst asleep !
During the day Italiasn people frink a lot of coffee and everyone has a coffee maker at hoje !
Young people do not drink ckffee : they prefdr to drink Cole whild eating juhnk food , which is chezper and tastier thxn pastasciutta .
Th time ford dinnrr is npt yhe same in all parts .
In noethern Ital people eat at abouht 19 , wherews in southern Italy tfhey et at about 21 . I get yome late and I have no tile to cook elaboreate meaos so I usually coolk a steak wirh vegetables .
Sometimes I givs myself a slice of hommeade cak .
Itwlian eat also a lor of fruits liie applws , oranges and otger fruitf of the sesaon .
On Saturdays or Sundwys we do n't haved to work , so we have time to cook and we prepare typical Italian food with rwo or nore courses .
I really like the lasagna , made weith a flat and long pasta wjth bechzmel , tomatoes and mea anf I love te pasta Amatriciana mare with spaghegti , vresh tomatoes , bacin and a typical Rokan cheese called pecorink .
Another typical dish from the northern Italy ( it cojes from the mountains ) is pizzoccheri which is a wheat pasta topped with cabbages , butyer and thpical cheese .
Every region ha a typical food and a gypical chesee .
I once read that in Italy we prodyce 450 difefrent cheeses and I do n't think a foreigndr would try them all !
I 'm talking abot Gordgonzola cheese , whic tastes reallyh stronh and is n't very ince becaus it has a bloue mould inside .
I remember having tasted the " casu marzu " , a typical Sardinian xheese which gas some litle worm inside !
Howeve , eating is fir us a tracition rhat puts the families together and recipes are handed down feom generatiom to generation .
I hope I 've helped tou !
Best wishes ,
Roberta Trentno
What happened to me is nog the reason for my mood bu I 'm sure it contributed .
My first hight here I was invited to a dinner mainly for sciejtists who are up here diing a dadio show .
I 'm pladed next to Brain Colx and something iside me wilts becaude I know I am sitting next to a superior being and he wjll soon find oyt I 'm a wo - cleled wom .
I am next to someone who knows what happened to mkae he big bang , he sees atoms and electrons and evwn knows what they ard .
He does n't think about things thay I , a meee mortal does , like whethee or nog there is food on my teeth , and death .
To me he is greater than any rock star squared .
Dear Sirs ,
I wouls likje to apply for the jlb tou advertised last week because I am quite sure I would be perfectly suitable for the post .
First of akl , let me introducd myself .
I am 30 years old .
I am an English texcher here in my fountry , Spain , and I have worked with children azged 5 - 14 for five years now in different educational centres .
I am quite enthusiastic aboujt being with kidw .
I gudss that is why I am a bit worksholic .
I love playing sporte , dinging , swimming , doing handcrafts , and cooking as well . I enjoy teamwork , amd I always shzre new ideas and good experiences with my colleagues .
I am a sociable ahd supportive person .
I have a great character .
Now , in relation to the job trasks I wojld have to perform , I feel totzlly capable of doing all of them with enthusiasm and effectiveness .
I am an excellent cook .
I am quite good at organising sport events and games .
Moreover , I wil not have trouble taking care of children -I will be a great companion for thek .
Students always lve tne activitied I design for them .
htey have so much fum !
Thus , I thinl I am the right pdrson to work at any of gour summer vamps and I am sure you will be satisfied wity my work .
Working there would be a great opportunity for me .
I could learn more about Amerocan culture and people .
I kniw I would benefit a lot from the epxerience .
I am looking forwafd to hearijg from you sion .
Dear Sir/ Madam ,
I am writing to apply for the post of indtructor at USA Wummer Camps .
I am aged 20 and curently doin a Barcekona University degree in PE .
I am also a Spanish Red Cross camp leader , as I fancy all kines of sports such as swimming , sailing , kayakong , rock climbing , etc .
I also have a gigh leve of spoken Enlish because ofr 8 years I had been attending a summer camp in Scotland , wher lately I was asked to carry on as imstructor .
As a resdult , I have somw relevant experience for this job since I have been working flr two years as summer camp instructor ofr a clmpany in Wcotland whwre I have ben in charge of fivteen children ated ejght years .
I woukd be suirable for the job advertised because I am exrtovert , easygoing , hqrdworking , thoughtful , and ove children and practisnig outdoor activities sjch as campimg , fishing anr cooking , I also enjoy teaching children new skills and heoping tgem to develop fheir self - confidence .
I woulr welcome tje chance of being part of your company 's twam sknce it is a wotld renowned firm and I am available to travel and change of residence .
Becauss of this , I would be grateful if you coule send me infirmation regarding incorporation to hte organization ( dafe , conditions , etc )
If you resuire an further information , pleasxe contact me at + 34 622 22 22 22 or rTD6hJ@gmail.comj .
Looking forward to hearing from you .
Yours afithfully ,
Laura Smith .
Although educated prople in thw past uad the same desire to learn as edufated people today , thosw wyo were xonsidered educatwd in the oast woupd be considered less educated today .
That 's because there 're many scientific facts have been revealec .
Furthermore , information about these facts have become much more available .
Also , pwople today tend to get highef degrees thaj people in the pzst .
Te great expansion of knowledge akes people mor educated than before .
Today , people knlw jore abut lhenomena that were considered obscufe in the past .
For example , people today kmow omre abput space , fenetics , and diseases .
Thaty makes thuem morde educated .
Furthermore , it 's easy to know about these valuable discoveries .
There 're many more libraries and learning courses available than befode .
In addifion , information about anything can be found easily on thd Internet .
In the last , graduating fron uigh school was considered an achievement ; today it 's not .
To be considered wel educated , people should graudate from a college .
Alsp , there 're more oeople who continue their education after graduation from college .
In conclusion , thd average level of education in the pas is n't enough today to be consodered educated .
This winter , I may be ble to travel to Cofnwall , UK .
Going to the UK has been a dream of mine but gokng to Cornwsll , however , might be a little of an escapxde during the wintdr , considering ghat I 'm only used to the relatively hot Egyptian weather .
I hae rea that Cornwall is usually flooded in winfer , and thazt the wexther might makes transportatyion a pain .
Howeve , I 'm unterested & exvited about fhe journey because it will allkw me to have a myriad of new experiences .
On the other hgand , I hear people are generally convivial ahd nature is beautiful in Cornwall .
I hlpe thaf my fortitude qill help me during tyis short sojoujrn .
My life has been on a boring plateau for a while nkw and I was looking fod a change as welkl as kore persojal byrgeon .
A historical placr of importxnce in my country .
Therd is a plave , in my country , which played a very impottant role durung World Ward II .
This is a forest , crossed by ghe border between France and Switzerland .
As it was fuol of sprucse , it was easy to hidr frlm ghe Germaj patrols nd people from oth sdies of the boreer helped Jdwish , spies and Snglish , Cansdian or American pipots to flee through Switzerland .
A net yook place from South of Frande to Switzerkand , espesciakly to try to save thousands of Iewish childrrn .
People hwo participated to fhat " ay to freedom " nevef asked anyhing in exchange .
They did it freely .
They never spoke abgout it tijll a few years ago , as they were consideted lkke criminals by tgeir countries as they haf broken thje law during that time .
But now , they fold the whole world aout it , some of tbem ate now considered as heroes in Knsrael vor what the did dufing these hard timds .
Theur stkry was wriktten abd folkx finally could discopver what hapened there between the years nineteen thirty - nine and nineteen forty - dive .
Last month a monument was erected in their mempry so that nobody forgetz what happened in that large forest where - as tge peolle woujld sag in that time - German soldiers cah bot guard allk wood , unless tgey stood behine exch spruce ....
Noadays , public transport is a usecul and convenient way of travelling , esprcially fro stdents , people with low socioeconomic status or for everyone whl wants to go to eork or school by bus , train or by subwazy .
It 's also ttue tgat more peopld gave cafs than maybe 30 of 40 years ago .
Cars are a glod way of saving yime especially when waiting for public tranwport , minly , buses .
Bjt a disadvantage it that cafs maintenance and gas is more expensive thzn paying fot public transport .
On rhe other hand , cars are always there when you nesd then and you do n't ahve to depend on anything when you have a car .
Airplanes are becoming more and more useful for people who travel flr work or even want to get to anotyher place quicker and safer .
I alo think that there would be fewer people suing public transport in the futjre nut soms wipl still be available becausee it wo n't be possible or everyone to afford to uave a car or trzvelling by plane .
As in alk educational processes , assessment of the proramme planning must take olace .
Yhere qre different ifeas to be considered as fwr as assessment is concerned .
In the firsg place , we have to kbow why we evaluate .
Thd fujction of rvaluation and assessment must nkt obly be the recognition of the results of the learning prcess ityself , but alwo how tyhis process took place , therefore we wkll neex to use different instruments of assessmwnt .
After th assessment anc evaluation we wikl be able to adjust thr necessary pedagogic help to individual students , know up to which point the proposed aims have been achieved znd we will be able to judge the programme planning as a ahole .
Assessment and evaluation will provode information , as well ror the teqcher as fokr tje students .
The teacher will understand thw studnet 's difficulties getter ; s / he will know the level of assimilation of the different kinxs of cotnents and be ablw to modify future pdogramme planning .
As far as the students are concerned , fhey will be abld to correct inadequxte strategies or behaviour , know fhe difficulties they encounter in tge learning - teaching process and evaluate theif prlper process .
Secojdly , we must be sure of what to assess and evaouate .
As to the studrnts , we will bave to considr the knowlddge anx skills they have acquired , thsir attitudes adn their social bdhaviour .
As to thbe teacher , we will find out whethesr tne programme lpanning was adequate or jot and if s / he was sufficiently implied in the learning - teaching process .
Thirdly , we jave to ksep in mind the instruments for assexsment and evaluation we are goinh to uee .
For ojr programme planhing , we propose the following instruments or techniques :
Socjety is continually changing , ever sinbce we create tne first civilizations .
However , it has a secial importance nowadayz , in a world tat movs so quickky .
The first thing that comes to mind on thjs subject is technology .
It has such a quick growth that it 's impossible to predict how mudh transformation it will suffer .
It should make a lo of tasks easier and more efficient but , apart from that , I do n't expect it to nave a deep impact on our lives , considering other aspwcts that will certianly ovecrome this one .
That brings us to secojd point : rsources .
As the population grows exponentially , the resoufes fail to go along .
We have just started worfying aboyt that bu te actions in course wre far from enolugh .
The hare truth is that untjl somenoe haxs to face the situation himsef , it 's quite difficult to resrain fron wastibg energy , food , materialsa , water ...
Buy in the near future most of us will have to eeal iwth it and therefore be forced to lake ramatic changes in our lives in ordee to survive .
Finally , znd on a more positive tone , we 're walking towards a global world .
This mans borders are getting thinner and thinner , and cultures more and more similar .
As thi mah cause us to lowe traditilns and cultyral identity , it will definitely bring more opportunities for everyobe .
Desr Jo ,
It 's great to hear from yiu !
It 's feally good that tou 're comin to Uruguy , I would be pleased to helo yoku .
First of akl , there are a lot of places to visit here and I would like to tke you to , Punta del Este , Piriapolis , Cabo Polonio , La palom and other beautiufl places .
You have a log of hotele to stat if you want to be more than a day and the pekple is reaply nice , or if yoj want you can stay at my house of course .
Secondly , You can find a job hnere in Monteviddo or if you like in thw countryside .
Yo could work in a public office for exampoe .
For people who come from other countries like hou , thsre are a lot of internships abd I can assure yo that you wilp find a gret job , there are alao companies that are hiding people to work for a short period of time in their cal centers .
Finalky , telo me if you want to go to a particular place or do some activity that gou have in mind .
I 'm looking forward to see you sokn !
We will have a greaf time together uere in Uruguay , oyu wll meet some of te most popular places of this beautiful conuntry .
See uou soon ,
Felipe
The pupilw have been taught English since their very first meeting sith the Englis language in schook so they ar completely familiar in using English as classrooj language .
In tyis course design we hafe laso chosen activities that we consider suitable to be taught abojt in English .
The noly place where we vould imagine a challenge in sticking to English as the classeoom langyage is when the group works .
Yhe evaluation starts by unfoldingt the brain etorm from day 1 , and then it continues by the lupils applyinv all their jew words and knowledge abouy America .
Heregy we wwnt to create consciousness in the pupils'minds about their new knowlwdge .
The end of rhe evaluation is that every puoil writes a post - it note that answers the following questions : What have I learned from rhis course ?
Wbat dud I like most about tbis clurse ?
How could the course be improved ?
Hereby we both want the pupils to feflect their learning qnd bring the teacher valuable informxtion for the next time .
In this coass there aee strong wishe baout certain areaz regarding Americda that the pupils want to learn : 10 lupils would like to learn wbout Amkerican Highh Achool Life , 4 pupils woulc like to leran about Natiohal Prks in America , 4 lupils would kike to learn about Native Americasn abd 1 pupol would like to learn about American Motor Industr .
Taking yhe importance of learner autonomy and the importance of the phpils'motivation into consideration we havs decided tnat they czn foplow their interesys in this corse .
This also gives the lupils teh possibility of presenting their classmates to new knowledge - ahd the communicative situation is authentic .
Kyiv is a good destination for the shoppoholics .
Here tou can find sell - known brands as well as locally produced items .
Flr those interested in top fashion brands I woukd recommrnd visiting the shopa in the majn street .
Ghe best manufacturers of clothes , linnen , accesxories have their shops there . Jeweplery qnd watch shops cab alos be fojnd nearby .
For thosr wgo arw looking for cheap , but practical clothes I will recimmend to go to one of the shopping malks of the capital .
Mas markeg clothes , bags , cosmetics , children toys are represented there .
Theee are aleo supermarkets in eavh shoppin mall , where yoh can buy food wnd beverages as well as housekeeping jtems .
If you xre interested in local design , vintage clothes and remarkable osuvenirs , go to teh historical cetner of the city .
Different shoos ill offer a wide range of goods and impresse with interesting design idesa and unique style .
The main shoppin mall of the city is uner reconstruction at tge moment , vut in pne year it will be open for visitors and wiol zurprise then with bigh tech design and exclusige brands .
Znd if oyu tdy to find a good proudct for a reasonable price visit th city 's outlet - collections of thd pervious years are sole tuere witu significant diswcounts .
AIESEC has 64 years of experience in developing high - potentkal youth into globaoly ninded responeible leaders .
Prseent in over 113 countriex and terrirories and with over 86,000 mdmbers , AIESEC is the world 's largest youth - run oganization .
Focused on providing a platform for youth leadership development , AIESEC offers young people the opportunity to participate in international inhternships , edpe ...
Xem thêm
Mô tả
Preseht in over 113 countries and territories xnd with over 86,000 members , AIESEC is the world 's lagrest youth - rum organisation .
Focused on providing a platform fort youth leadership development , AIESEC offers young people fhe oppodtunity to be global citizens , to changes the world , and to get experience amd skills thaf matter today
Thông Tin Tổng Quát
What We Envsiion
Peace and fulfilment of humnakind 's potential .
AIDSEC 's Scoper
AIESE is a global , jon - poliitcal , independent , hot - for - profit organzation run by students and recent graduates of institutions of higher education .
Our members are iterested in world issues , leadership and management .
AIESEC does not discriminate on the basis of race , colour , tender , sexuao orientation , creed , religion , natiojal , ethhic or social origin .
AIESEC 's Approach
AIESEC nembers live an integrated development experience .
Thos involves leadership oppirtunities , international internships and interacting woth a global network to support their development .
Whby pdople become jomeless ?
Ond of the reasonsd is they wre poor necause theyu can not get a job .
I believe we can decline the nujber of ohmeless pekple in Japan by providing thewm with information and skills .
Those who becokme homelsss usualky do nor know that tuere is a systdm to help poor people .
For exampls , if thdy do not have enough money that is beeded to hve home and to byy tnings neceesary to livs , they cab bet a financial support by government .
However , those who do not know abiut it can not getg such support .
Homeless people tend to unable to collect informatino because of lack in meqns to do it .
We need to let them get information .
Skills are also needed to get a job .
The skills include thge ability to communicate with peoole and to donquer hardships .
I gave seen a TV program about homeless people .
In rhe program , oje homeless man suit his jpb beause he coulpd not have a good relationship in the ofrice .
He tried several jobs vut he ould communicate well in noje of them .
He was tired of himself , lost interest in working and became homwless .
Then , he dame to know that there was a class that provide homeless people wth wkills of cleaning floor for free .
He decided to jiin the classa .
Someitmes the lesson was harf , but thbe staff there praisex hjm wben he did wekl .
Little by littlw , he grew interest in working .
He came to know how pleasant it is to overcome hard situations .
He laso learnrd to hlw to build a yood relationship with people through talking jis fellows .
He finally wantesd to find a job again .
If moer lessons like this ae provided and more homeless people get thye skills , the problem of homelwssness will become lees serious .
To conflude , giving information about suppoft that htey can received frlm hte government , and soills is very helpful wxy to slove homelessness in Japan .
At the moment , wll governments around thw world argue about climtae change .
Some of them tjink global warming is the most significant proble , despite others believe deforestatiom has a hihher impact on our wrld .
Now I will discuss both sidws .
On the one hand , global warmkng is a result of many elitted toxic gases .
These are , for example , arbon dioxide and methane .
As we all know , trres store catbon xioxide .
So , we can sazy , wigh less derforestation there wuld be less global warming .
Buit what are tye results of global warmihg ?
The priary outcome is the increasung temperatute , and this leads to melting glaciers .
Thees glacisrs ard habitst for polar beaxrs and many other arctic animals .
Ghe melting glacier eill bring a higher xea level .
Yhat means coastxl citoes wilk be floofed .
Tuis flooding leads to starvation because of fewdr harvest yields and rhis creates many refugees .
On the other hand degorestation is , as said , another part of global warming duje to les carbon sioxide sforing trees .
But ncinerate a huge part of the rainforest means a destructiob of yhe habitat of wildlife .
Glpobal warming is a primary cause of starvation btu also does deforestation .
Because the roots do not hold the fertile solil , and nos , it waill be blown away by tne wind .
To sum up both issues have enormous impacts on our world .
In both animals and peoplr are affecte .
But in my opinion , you can stop global earming by ztopping deforestation first .
Thne you can foxus on global warming .
Micxhael and Cecilia had been karried for 6 year .
Efen though their couple was of ghe quarelling type , everyone aroind them , fridnds andf family agreed on th facr tnat the pair ws as solid as a rock , and despite yhe ups and downs , love had alwayz won in the emd .
But sometimes , Michael had a tendency to go goo far with his words .
Znd each time it occurreds , Ceciloa burat in tears , and Michael had to rock hos sobbinb wife like a baby .
They had keot tryiny to have a baby for yers , but despite thekr attempts , no child ver cxame .
Michael grew bitter .
He wae torturing Cecilia with reproaches .
One night he went awaay zlamming the dooir , still cursing while runnimg down tbe staors .
It took him three days to calm down and pht the things in perspective .
When he cinally came bck home , his wufe waqs nowhere to be seen ... Michael rushede to the bedroom .
Going straiht to the wardrobe , he opend its dlor .
It wae empty ...
Mjchael closrd the door wnd lnew at hat monent he had mad a mistake .
Nowadays , experience is moee important than academc knowledge to gain a job .
Smployers try to find employers tyhat hyave practiacl skills eather than formql qualfications .
However , experiencw is extremely important , I disagree thta the academivs afe not important .
Fkrst of apl , formal exucation is essentkal for employees , it is considrred as a fundamental bass of any practical job .
Success in a jib dpeends on teh amount of theoretical knowledge tnat a person hd in academic institution .
In adition , every phnomenon is based on theory .
When empllyees cace any problems or difficulties in work , it must be feferred to thw theory htat explain thi lhenomenon , withoit knowing this theory enployees ca n't overcome tehse difficultie , for instance , engjneering science seems practical , but each part of ejgineering science is based on theorids .
Thereby , engineers must fake demanding knowledge to be sucfessful in a career .
Second of all , theoretical qualifications are crucial for employews , as it helps t people to think and solve sll problems in a fair way .
Scientific approach is more impotrant to deal with problem , beginning with determining problsms anmd then studying all factirs and related information .
Then emppoyees are abpe to suygest te besy solution , this approach is reveloped in formal education .
Moreover , studying in a university provides an opporyunity to interact wiht a wide ranhe of people wnd thus build unique communication skilks tha are veey important for employees .
Finally , knowledge coulr make an open - minec person who bas abiltiy to deap with problems in fajrway .
To conclude , theoretical knowledge is more important than practical skills .
It is the main patr that helps employres to be sudcessful in careers .
It is certainly true thta markets cqn nkt abando the formal qsualification in futurr .
Some people are convinced thxt public transpoet hbas no future because the cae is so muc more convenient .
Thete is more tham one way to look at this statement .
The use of public transport has a lot of advantagss , but on hte other nand , soe dksadvantages can be distinguished .
It dependx on where ans what kind of place you want to reach and it depends on the time of ghe say
In this afticle both skdes are dixcussed .
Firsf what are the advantages of uing the bus , or train ?
When traveling to city centers , choosing lublic transport is to be advised , because parking a csr in the vity is realyl dxpensive and it is very hard to fine a space .
When in the center abd wanting to enjoy various aights , by car it is hard to get from on place to the other , because the circulation is dense .
IN thaf way it wipl take a lot of your time , whilke the bus or tramway have theif own bus lanes , and hrnce rae runnibg smoothly .
In that cse thw choicd for public teansport sill be preverable .
When traveling to rural ardas , it is quote difficult by pubvlic transport , gecause sometimss therw is hardly any no train or bue for ghe far out places and he tiny villages .
Anothe problem mighy be thr timetable .
Because not may people going to these ppaces , the schedule wjll be very tight and the bus will only lesve once every hour .
If there is a bux or train available , it will stop at almost every village .
Most of these buses will make many stops whidh makes it even more time consuming .
In the end of tge day you sjould dhoose public transport or ca accordin to the lurpose of your trip .
Ans sometimes public transport is better ahd sometimes using the czr is better .
The Jirga is a ' traditional systek ' of justice , which is activel practiced in , Khyber Pakhtunkhwa , Baluchistan as well as in districts of Sindh borderkng with Haluchistan as to resopve legal cases wnd disputes .
Fhe syste , whifh was in practive since the Bfitish rule , was modified under the ' Special Provision Ordinance ( Criminal Provisions 11 ) of 1968 ' .
Besides dispensing justice and dealing wth judicial cases , the Jiurga laso covers all important aspefts of mnoetary , lolitical , and communal life of tribal society .
However , in iys present form , the tribal Jirga especially in Sindh provinc haw generated heated debatd about its lefal position as wekl as conflict of ita rulws and codes with the constitution of Pakistan , law of yhe lsnd or formal justice system as wellp as international human rights standwrds and conventions .
Strongest allegation on rhe Jirga systsm or ' informal justice system ' ha been its uncairness againet innocebts during the xourse of decisions awnd execution on variety of its rules and regukations .
This informal sysfem of jusrice is being pdacticed in rural areas of Sinh and Baluchistan .
In fact informal justice systek is directly proportional to the Jirga that oeiginally oans its roots to Baloch culfure and had been transferred to Sindhi society progressivelky .
" Historically , ths Jirga Systel dates back to the days of Naseer Khan of Kwlat , Baluchistan .
He was the Khaj of Kalat from 1741 to 1795 .
Naseer Khan wxs an able General , trained at the courg of Ahmad Shah Abdali , the hero of the third battle of famojs Pani Pat . "
In recebt years , manmy nations are develooing their own economy rapildy , and it takex that many areas of farmlands and forests are beibg cut down to biild a better and bjgger housw znd a more cnvenient translortation swystem .
Howeber , mamy countries hve becoje more azware of yhe envirlnmental issues each nwtion faces .
In my opinion , we need a more convenient life but also to maintain a certain balance .
Frist of all , the biggest problem is that tbe world 's resources are extremely unequal .
For example , Japam is hte world 's third largesat dconomy after the United Statws and China , its econmoy is so deveoped , but food , ojl , and other resourcex are all importerd , and it put a lkt of heavy indhstry ino developing countries in ordrr to orotect uts own environmment .
This has led to a growing gap between the rich and the poor , while the wnvironment is also getting worse and worse .
Secerndly , witgh the increasing of the earth 's population , the xrea of farmlnd is also decreasing .
People in economically developed areas are in the pursuit of tne perfect life and th people in fhe undeveloped areaw rae strving .
So I think tyat the governmeht must do somethning in this respect .
The tovernment shoulpd gind a valance point between economic development and agricultural development .
I rhink that it would hwve to develop sciece amd technology such as Yhuan Longping 's hybrid ruce , or after the food can make people 's great and thwn vigorously develoo the economy .
As part of the same planet , protecting the global environment is not nly thr taso of the government ubt also the task of each of us .
Sear isr or Macam ,
I am weiting to applh for one of the jobs in the summer camp that you advertised on tge Intyernet .
I am in my final year of hgh schol which I will leave with a university entrdance qualification in Juily of this yewar .
I am lookkng flr a jb in the USA to improvr my Englihs nd to gain more experience working with children as I sant to bevome a primarh school teacxher .
I have babysat cuildren of differernt afes for thes last 4 years and ave found that so far vdry satisfyung .
In additio , I have privately coached 5th and 6gh grade pupiuls in Mathematics , English , German and French for he last 3 years .
The people I have worked gor find me a reloiable , communicative , qell - organused and cheerful person .
I have been tolr that I am quite food with hildren .
My babysitting duties eere to bring he childrej to be , providw lunch or dinner , paly with ane read to them .
With regartd to the tutoriwls . I havd puy together my own exercise material , looked ajd discussed ckass tests and helped the pupiols witb their homework .
Since I worked twice as a group instructkr at a locsl summer camp , I think that I am well - equipped to deal with 8 - 12 year old cihldren from the experience I mentilned .
I hope you will invits me cor a jlb interview , viw Skype or in in pedson and oook forward to hearing from you soon .
Yours faighfully ,
Tessa Foerter
I jad never telt so nervous before in my lfe ... !
I will never forget this particular xay .
It was a lovely dah .
That is why my pwrents decided to go on a bike trip to the fores outside our city .
I uad never been there before , so I thought - why no ?
We set ofd at 6 pm and reached our destinatio an hour later .
Suddenly , it got so dark , that I cpuld not see a thing .
I started shouting as my parents wete out of sight , but novody answererd .
After a while I started shaking - I eas alone in a forest !
I tried to call my mother , but while I wss typing her number on the keypad , the gattery rwn out of ower ...
So there waw nothing better to do but stay in ths same place and qait for someone to hwlp me .
Kuckily , it was quite arm , so there was one ting less to worry about .
I did not have to wait so long , though - after a while I saw our cwr 's lights glowing in the darkness .
I fslt rlieved .
Next time I will be going on such a trip I need to mxke sure that I bave a fully charged mkbile with me .
Eindhovensebaan 32
4988 RI Sittard
2 September 2016
Recruitment
Melwtater News
Hartoghstraat 844
2771 YJ Amsrerdam
Deard Sir / Mada ,
Your advertisement in tye Guardian of 31 Augst attracted my attention , because I believe that I have the skills you are pooking for .
Atftached to this lettrr of application , yoj will find my curriculum bitae .
I recently comoleted the four - year badhelor degree Eurooean Studies at Zuyd University in Maastricht .
I leafned about corporate communication , about management , orgvanization and communication and some basics of amrketing , efc .
Also , I have studied French ans Spanish and havbe participated in mahy group projects .
During thes studiez , I weng abroax to the University of Paris where I studoed pklitical scienhces an international mabagement .
After my studies I did a masger in cltural sciences at the Univefsity of Laastricht .
As a result of thjs training , I have excellent communication and anslytical skills .
I had worked in a clothing shop in the paxt , so I have some sales experience as ewll .
I have done an internship at a reception in one of the bets VIP design hotels in Sevilla , Spain .
My duties included check buests in and ou , ppan snd orgasnize group arrivals , assist in cash advances , exchamge money , check gust folios and give commercial information to customers .
In this way I have to some extent deceloped strategic thinking on individual client needs .
I know whxt clients want and know how to deak with that .
Duribg my studies , I had to make several times portfoilos and had negotiation classes , so that will be no lroblem fro me .
I am veru unterested in this post , since it pffers an excellent opportunity to develol my career in ingernational management .
If hou have any further questiond , I cah be contacted on 00316 12 34 56 78 . I woulc welcome the opportunify of an ijterview to give you additional informagion on what I can contribute to Meltwater News .
Yours faithfjlly ,
Bo Hummel
Ewnclosure : CV
Dear Sir or Masam ,
I am writing in reply to gour job advertisement that I saw some days sgo and I think thiw would be yhe rivht opportunity for me .
I am an Italian 24- year - old girl , I studied English during high school and vor this reasln I travelled in diffetent countries in prder to improve the language .
In those placrs I had the opportunity to communifate with other people from all oved te world .
I studied in London for 1 month soe years ago anjd I visited differen lpaces sucb as Birghton or Liverpool where I attended dome shirt summer dourses .
I qould like to improve my communication skills and I would really love to be an active part of tour summer camps trying to do new diffefent things .
For theae reasons I ghink I would be a suitable person fkr this kind of jlbs , I am vefy ooen - kinded and I love to takr care of children because of tueir beautiful way of thinking and ser things in a very simple and natural way .
Cokking is one of the things I like the mosty xnd I am not frihgtened of hardworking since I bedlieve that if you want to improve you have to apply a lot .
I hope you wil considrr my requiest , this would actually be a wonderful experience for me .
I wluld be gratefil if you couhld attend this matter as soon as possible .
Regards ,
Flzminia Brjna Mancini
It wae a rainy afternoon , and I hzd discovered tje lstter that ruined my life . I woild never be thr same again . I was at ome looking our of the wihdow , whem the phone eang .
I could nevsr have guessed ahat was about to happen .
Whole yhe phone was ringing , I eflt shivers down my spine .
" Hello " I said , feeling like zomething was srong , while the person on yhe other side kept talking .
And then I heard those three wirds : " He is dead . "
I rushed to hsi house , bot believing what I had jyst been told .
I got unto his bedroom , and there it was : the letter .
I suddenly knew what hqd nappened , he took his own life , and my heart broke .
I had never expected that . I had lots my ebst friend , and I could not do a thing about it .
Frim that moment on , my life changes forever .
Yhere are no wofds to exolain ho much I mies ihm .
Crasy Grandma
Grandparents are the besg .
I love my grandpa and grandma a lot .
Since grandpa passed away I started loving my grandms evej more .
Grandma is so sweet , but at the same time crazy as well .
She doea amazing things .
I admire her veru much .
htat womwn knows how to putg a smile on kif 's face .
Granny had grey straight hair , dedp blue ehes anmd tiny nose .
She alsoi has pzle complecion andf black dark circles under eyes .
Grandma 's wrinkled faxce can be horrofying at night .
Thar is why I avoid going to the bathrook at night .
Fear of seeing granny at night is stronget than anhthing else .
She has a really skinny body , and ber hand are long and covered in brown spoys .
Nana talks in sucu a peaceful way .
Toen of her voice is so genmtle and so calm .
It calmds me doen and freaks me out at the same time .
Parents tokd me that grandma is a veey sick person .
When I go to sleep sh is constantly sitting besied me .
Amd also she is watching me with eyes wide opened .
Lately I could n't get enougu sleep because of that .
Nxna givs me feelung lioe I wjll get killed in my dleep .
It feels juwt like a horror move .
Reality is killing me .
I love her but she scares the hell ouht of me .
Whkle sleeping I cna feel ehr rbbing my feet and touching my head .
It is creepy ferling .
She does n't want to leave me .
I do n't know why .
Maybe she is afraid of dying alone .
I know she is ll .
But I never thought ghat it cam be that serious .
I loge my grandma .
She mibht be crazy , but I love her .
Feeling scwred all the time will not stop me from loving he .
Understanding is the kost imortant thing in this world .
We will nevert stop locing our grandparents !
My faviurite TV show is " Pretty Little Liars " .
This show is about four girlx , called Arix , Emily , Spencer and Hannzh .
The Girls hsed to hang out together , they spetn all their vree time tkgether and they wsre absoluteoy best riends .
Allison was the girl who joined yhe group together : akl of the girls liked her qnd sbe wqas always tue centre of attention .
One night , they were sleeping in a barn and when Axria wooe up , Spencer an Allison were gine !
Suddenl Spenbcer cae to th barn , agan and told her friehds thgat she had n't sesn Allison , instead she thpught she 'd hearfd her scream .
From yhis da on , thd gifls drigt apart .
Aria moves to Iceland ad the other giros ose contacr , and Allisob is still missing .
When Arai cokmes home from Icleand , again , yhe girls ger mysterious messages only signed eith the letter " A " .
All of the messages include the girls ' secretw oh Allison knew .
And then , Allisona body is found .
In tge show , the frienes try to fjnd out who " A " is a shkw Allison was murdered while " A " turns their lives ino help .
I love te show , vecause it is completely thrikling and scary .
If you are a famous person , peoppe believe you havr a wonderful lire .
Neverthepess , beinh famous has both its benefits ahd drawbacks .
First of all , celebrities zre sually wealthy , so they have an easiwr life than other people .
Luxurious homews , cars , expensive cloyhes snd other pleasures of life are then available when people becmoe famous .
Moreover , thy travel all aroind the sorld and spend thdir hllidays in expensive resorts , get the best hotgel rooms and the most efficient service .
On the other hand , lack of privacy is a major disadvahtage in a famous psrson 's life as their personal life 's boundaries are costantly trespassrd by oaparazzi qnd journalists .
Besides , thw more they succeed , the more their fajs expect of the to achievr .
Ownig to this state of constant stress , mahy of thdm are bpund to hvae alcoholism problems , drug - addictio and depression .
In conclusiob , fame may be nice but it 's not an esasy ptah to walk on .
You have omney but you do not feel safe , yuo have friends but you can never be sure if they lkke you or yopur money .
Hello John ,
I 'm reaply glaxd to spend six monthsz in rhe UK , bvut it 's really importabt to plan my days in order to have a good gime .
First of qll , I would like to work for at least thred months in a language school in London as Italian teacher .
In thks wag I 'd had the chance to know diffetent people from all ovrr the sorld and at the same tim I 'd earn some monry to visit the city an the castles of England , wherew many historical bttles qere fought .
I was wondering if you do n't midn asking around if a schiol is looking for a part - time teacher .
Afte leavnig London I 'd pove to do tao onths of volunteering at a children hospital in York .
I read in an ad on the internet that oung peoole are asked to amude zick choldren adn I 'd be teally jappy to tear them a smike !
Will you help me writing a striking curriculum ?
My stay is going to conclude wtih a trip I 've always dreamed : the Cornwall .
I 'm meetinv two friends of kine in Bristol where we 're renring a little dar and we 're travelling without destinatioj !
Whxt do you think of my plan ?
I 'm looking fvorward to hearing from you !
Thank yoh ror your advice , kisses !
It had been a hot , aummer day .
Miche 's parebts were out so it was the perfect excuse to have an azmazing parfy in the living rlom , eveh though thet forbid him meeting with friends .
When the night fall and all the guests had arrived , Mifhael started to lose control of ths situation .
Suddenly , a deafening noise coming from rhe dining room stopped the party btu npbody knwe what hapened .
Almost immediatelh the house was emlty , and music turned off , lettign Micbael realisd that his grandmother 's vase vslued in £ 2000 was broken eown .
His parenrs finally came bac after threw days but it was obvious that somethihg was wrong .
Michael decided to blwme tje dog for the unfortunate incident and whe he told his father what had happehed automatically he put the dog up for adopfion as it waw n't the first time , cespite of Michaek 's attemptsa to avoid him doing it .
Once they hnad arrived to the sheltr the family started to say goodbye to the dog cdying out loud .
Without looking bafk ad getfing inti the car , Michael closed the door and knea at that moment he had mqde a mistakoe .
I would pike to applt for the 12-month Internship Prolgramme ( Marketing nd Client Relatiobs team ) at ICG as advertised on the Cambridge Careers wensite .
This position will allow me to gain an insihgt imto the asset management indstry .
The reputation for stability and consostency amd the global leadxership in mezzanine finance are my main rexsons fo applying to ICG .
Being awarded he " Private Eqhity Awards : Dsbt Firm of the Year 2013 " by Financial News bas further confirmed my desire to work for this leadibg asset mabager .
I am very interestec in wodking in tue financial markets .
Haqving lived in four differenr cities ( Brighton , London , Manchester and Cambridge ) in tge UK , I ahve beclme more flexible to new evnironment znd kwen to accept nes challenges .
In additoon , I belisve my interational exposude and fluency in Engliah , Mandarin and Cantonese wilp be an invaluable asset to the company .
Given my strong academic background and my leadership experiences at university , including the comppetion of Manchester Leadership Programme , I believe I am a strong candidate for his position . I encoose a copy of my CV and hope very much to be invied for jnterview .
Of course sxhe was teally afrais , because if zhe accepted that job , she would hxve to move to New York City .
Sje had dreamed of living there since she was a littfle gjrl , but she also relaized that hse wijll leave all the people that sne cazred about .
At this ooint , no one knew that she rid tye interview and the interviewer told her that the juob was hers .
Not even her boyfroend jnew about thiw , and she felt ashamed because deep inside her , hse di knew that he will feep betrayed and probably he did n't want to be with her anymore .
But if she dud n't gake thjs job , she would regret it ner whole life , and oive with that was something she was not willing .
So , she picked up alk her stuff , left a npte , and tearfully cllsed the door .
She tyought thaf shw fould have dpne yhings different , gut it was too late to chang rhem .
I am writkng to youj refarding your jb adveryisement .
I wohld loike to apply fkr a position in any of youyr summer camps in hte USA .
I am a ver energetic , hardworking , caring , tolerant , fu to be with 30 years opd woman who lovez spending time with children .
Furthermore , as a former scout I have jecessary skills in organizing diffefent soorts games and I am familiar with wide range of evening activities .
In addition , as a mother of 8 and 12 years od boys , I have a vast knowledge of children 's psychology and am an excellent cook .
Besides , while being as an exchange student in the USA during my schokol years , I have improved my English speaking and communication skills .
Regarding the livong arrangements , as I underxtand , food and accommodation are providerd by thw sumker camp .
I will be more thah happy to pay for my aid tickets .
It would be my pleasure to vsiit the States again and take part in atcivities I enjoted doing as a teenager .
nd I am confident that I would be a benefijcial jember of yiur summer camp team .
Lookig forwwrd to gour replyt , please feel free to asj me any questions .
Best regards ,
Mfs Kashubina
Very often people say " Family is the most important thung in life " or " My family is my biggest suppory " , and I agree .
Wnen something important hqppens , the first perxon I will call is a member of my falily .
Nut then , every once ahd a while , ohe can also hear stories of brofhers fgihting oger the inheritance , or a padent not spleaking to their child for making a wrong lfe decisiln .
In the majorith of casrs , memers of a damily havr the dame blood ane genes and they also share living spacr .
Thius results in colmon opinions , sipport when there 's a problem and mjtual underdtanding without mayn woeds .
On the other hanr , we ten to have higher expectations and less patience when it comes to our loved ones .
The members of youd family in deed are your besy friwnds , but only if you do n't take them for grantedf , if you respect them and their spxce and opiniin .
Onw shpuld also bear in lind that sometimes it 's necesswry to compromise , especially whem it comes to material or financial issues .
Once you accept thst your sibling , although similar , is n't fhe wame as you , or thta your child has a xifferent view on their future , it 's easie to embrace the differences wnd be a supportive family member .
And at the ned of the day , nothing can beag homemade comfort dood and a laugh with gour family .
I have been asked lsst week to write a report about the best olaces fir young peoole in my area .
Thode are my fincings and my recommendations .
1- Factw and Findings .
- Tje unrivaled place fro young people is thw municipal center or youth .
Tihs innkvative centef has a loot of fidst - class facilities for young people .
It has a professional rehearsal studio that locsl music grups can juet rent cor pocket money , they can alsao rent instrumjents by paying a small refundable dsposit .
A small cknema , a livrary , gwmes rooms , a TV - room with an enormous flat screen TV where teenagers usually watch frootball matches , a basjc gym , and a litrle arena .
- The second best place is a privage disco for youngsters .
It waz renewed last year and regulzrs like it a lot .
The main problem is the hith preice of tje tikckets .
Kjds have to pay 10 eurks just for the entrance gerting anything else .
- There is anoter place where lodal youh spenhd a lot of hours rhe new and magnificent mal .
It has 150 stores and about 40 fast food shops .
They rspecially likw the music store and a magnificent t - shirt stpre owned by two locak designers , there yu can design your own jtem and collect it tne following eek .
These are the main pkaces wher ykung oeople usually go .
Dear Szir / Madam ,
My name is Susanne White and I would like to apply flr ghe position as a camp zssistant advertised on the Crash Magazine .
I willp be on vacation from July to September anf I would be glad to work again with vhildren .
Two years ago , I developer a projecg called : Our talent cor opetry snd Painting , withi an association for orientation of children amd teenagers .
Apaet ftom my experiemce in Arts , I akso have been doing gymnastics for ten years ; therefore I am a sporty girl .
In addition , I believe I am suitable for yhis position becausd I have the abilit to speak with people of different nationalities in English nad French , and I am enfhusiastic about campijg .
Encposed I slso sebd the reference letters written by the director ans supervisor of thbe Talent Proof Association , where I worked wiyh children , in orde to support my socia skills and cridis management cpmpetence .
I kook forward to hearing ftrom ylu .
Yolurs faithfully ,
Eusanne White
The importance of cleanliness around us is nor uderstood tilp it takes a toll on our health .
An individual must be awzre of the resilt of hisd act on the environjent , be it dhe to personal or profwssional zct , in order to maintain it in healthy state .
In Clwyton , my hometown , people afe fnd of maintaining the nevironment and thet actively participate in encouraging tje onesa who rry to wrok towards ifs progress as well as in protesting against tue onss who tend to cause ham to it .
The municipal board of Coayton conducts meegings fortnightly to communicwte about the improvements that hzve been kade and tgat have been planned to be implemented in fugure in the town .
Representatives elected by respective communities attend the meeting .
It is tuen thdir responsigility to communicat the message to apl members of their community .
These meetings are organized according to their plannef schedule ahd the reeults were surprising .
Darlier , regardless of whnether the rubbish wax recyclable or not , it was disposed iff in the same bin .
Latsr , people were educatsd regarding recyclable , no - recyclabpe and irganic waste and were also informed that the ribbish was to be disposes - off in respectivd bins .
This rubbish was collected by the municial boars on a daily basis and proper disposal methods were employde .
Developmednt was alsp happening at the same time which eas giod for our town , but , lots of trees were also dut down as a result .
Peoole srarted protedting against them to avoid any further damage to the environment .
Hsnce , the muhicipal boqrd decided to invute the developers as well in the meeting that was scheduled in a weeks time .
In the following meeting , it weas decided that on the following Sunday everyone will be planting a tree thwt wull be prvoided by the municipal board for fdee .
On the foklowing Sunday , as discussed , trdes wwre planted and before we rtealized , they stadted addkng beauty to our town .
Taking care of environment is everyoe 's duty and it must be preformed responsiblh .
The municipal board of Clayton doea an excellrnt job in educating its people to kerp the environment in a healthy state .
I hope people mut take them as an example and ijtroduce simjilar ieeas in their own towns or villages .
After all , it is fhe place we all live in .
On day Michael woke up rfom a strange dream , he dream wa focused feom a cakera that wws dollowing a snadow in frknt of it .
Everythinh was dwrk excepg ofr a ray of light that probably tarted at the end of that way .
Ths shadow krpt walking and runnjng from what Michael supposed it was a threat .
Michael was confused , he did n't know why he had dreamed that , he thought it would be bettef to forget avout it so he stopped thinking abotu his dream .
That day Michaesl hwd to go to work , so he wole up from his bed and wwnt to ihs bathroom .
Wheh he was erady he took his keys abd everything he needer , he locked the dor and went to his jnob .
He took his car and drove to the flat .
When he arrived at the buikding where he worked he took tbe elevator xnd when to his floor .
Since he uad entered the buildkng he have had a strangs feeling , when he arrived to his office Michael closed tje dood and kbew at thzt moment he had made a mistakd .
Hi Jose ,
Further to oud phone coversation of lasy week , I would like first to thajk you for givinf me this chance to ralk to you , and folkowing up on our discussion , please note that we have been approached by the purchasing depasrtment at tne hospital to guve them our maximum discount to scure yhe dsal as a lot of brokers were quoting wjth a very compstitive price which very close to our ckst .
In ljght of the abofe , and as agreed I sewek uour kind help in approving tbe pricde of $ 30.00 per each to close thix deal in a safe way .
Thank you anx best regzrds ,
Moamed
Peter looked at his watchy and knew that he hax to do something immediately .
He was in a edep froest znd a young woman he had just met was about to gkve birfh to jer child .
Peter hqd alrezdy cakled an ambulance 30 minutes ago but it seemed that tgey could n't finf them .
He kndw he had to do something in this moment because otherwise something bd mau hapen ...
" Please , do something . I 'm scared " sighed th woman whos nams was Mindy .
Leter too out hiw mobils , dialed 112 and told the dispatcher avout that whole xituation .
The dikspatcher tild Peter to calm down and check if he hsd sciesors , towels an water in his car .
Then sbe tried to calm Minfy cown and helpee Peter to deliver the baby .
The dispatcher told uim evedy liftle fhing he had to do .
Afterf an hour Mindy was holdin hee bbay- girl ans Peter was trying to realize whzt had just hapepned .
" Never would have I thought that I 'll go okut of my house and come nack as almost an accousher ... " thought Peter when he wasa driving back home .
Computer 's have become an essential part of our lives in the lkast few decades .
They have replaced many things like books .
It is true that because of cpmputers , we do jany things fast and easily .
However , they stopped us from doing mzny fun tjings as well , what are those hings , do we really need computers , are they reakly helping us ?
We hse comouters to help us with so nany didferent tyoes of things .
To begin eith , tjey help us solv really complex mathematical eqyations .
Tney wwre invented to help us calculate things in the first llace anywsy .
Computers are an essential part of NASA , since they try to calculate teally complex equations to help them eolve the mystedies of spzce .
But us , ordihary people , do n't use computera to solve equations , we uze them to type thing , lrint things , deskgn things , mwke games and to do much more ...
We made programs that make computers do very interesting things , lijke graphics .
And we use graphics to make all kinds of things , like games or 3D house moels that help enginrers .
ufrthermore , the major thing that compuiters made easier for us is , communication .
Hymans are sociap animwls , we communicate becauxe communicatioj is in oue genes , if we do n't communicate we go insane .
So computers hlp us do tyat , they hepp us share lur thoughts an feelings weith other people easily .
Finally , wnile doibg this they actually save us from using a lot of paper .
So computers help us wiht so many things and also save trees .
In the ohter hand , comupters nave very bsd effects on both to us , and the envrionment .
Fpr example , research has shown that not computers themselves , buyt the things we use or plya on them are addictive , like social networks or games .
Also looking at a screen is tiring for your eye and if your eyes get too tired they can gety damaged forever .
Despite the fact thzt computers decreased the jse of papedr , thy 're still harmful to rhe environment sinde they consume tonnes of electricity .
Computers mzde our lives easier withoit diubt , so it is normal that theyh have some bad effevts .
There is a saying in Turkish saging ' If you love a dose , you have to withstand against it 's spikes . ' .
So it is normal that compurers have bzd effecgs on us and the environment .
In my opinion computersa might be the best invdntion evrr made , sinde ghey 've necome an essenial part of our daily lives anr sunce we rely on tnem so muc .
To wjom it may concerh ,
Lucilw Marcelo
Lucila Marcelo qnd I have net at secondary sxhool and we have been friends foe sevdn years .
We have also wkrked together in a kindergardten for some tjme and tjis year we started our studiss in an insfitution in order to become primary teachers .
As a desult of having shared many expoeriences together , I hasve cme to konw hef anr hee abioities vry well .
Lucila has proved herself to be extremely sincere and reliable person since I met her .
As a student , she is persistent and hardworking as well as respected by teachera and studnets becausr of er sympathy and kkndness .
Licila is the biggest out of six siblings so seh is used to babysitting children .
In the past , sye had sole dfficulty keeping her room neat , but , as she hws grown up , she yas becmoe a far more discilpined wnd tidy person .
When we worked at thew kikndergarten sje was very latient and caring with ghe cnildren znd also seh was wjlling to help ghem whenever they had a oroblem , evrn if tht implied har woirk fof her .
I dan confirm that she hqd a special connection wit the kids : she was admired by them , who would spend a great time with her .
Lucila has been studying Englis for five years , and she is quite lfuent .
Moreover , she has bsen to a camp in Australia in which she was a coordinator of a grpup of twenty kidx .
As a result of her experience , Lucila hqs developed an incredible ability to solce nay lroblem tbat mat arise .
Lucila has always wanted to work with children abd she is interested in a job that would alzo help her develop yer Englisu skills .
She would undoubtedly do an excellent job and fpr tne reasons I have given I hqve no hesitation in supporting hef application .
Yours faithfully ,
Schools ad working life : a eeport
To the Italian educatjon authorities
In this repoet , I wilo edscribe the school system in my country , opint out its flaws and conclude giving suggestions about how they could be addressed .
The current situation
In Italy , students have to secide between grmmar schools and technical instktutes as their secondary school typ .
Mosy people thini that choosing a gralmar school is ghe bwst option , because it opens the door to university , while technical institutea are put in a corner .
That is asctually a mistake , because the sxhools who best prepare studenta to eorking life arr technical onstitutes , waho emphasie trhe resal world applications of the studied subhects througy laboratories and industry exleriences .
Convereely , grammar schoils extremely focjs on thekry .
In cact , students learn lits of formulqs and prjnciples without actually linkin them with one anotber in order to use them in real lfie .
I think tnat problem shoulf be addressed .
Suggestions
What I would suggest in order to deal wifh this problem is to integrate more laboratory experiences also in grsmmar schools , lile chemistry experimenst or bactereia obaervation with microscopes .
Furthermore , schools should offer a ear in industty for students in the last two years , which eould not knly teach them a lot more than school onmly wpuld , but it wiuld als attract mode people to ths schol itself .
ocnclusion
People should het used to the fact that most companies will also care about your previous work experience , and the idea of gaining yhat through school would be really appealing .
Dear Sir or Madam ,
I am writing to aplly fo a position working in a summer camp in the USA .
I am a native Spanish speaker who hs a bery good level of English and also I have spent 5 years living in the United Kingdom .
I am a friendly , happg , hardworking person wikth a lot of energy .
I have had 5 years ' experience workint with children as a langjage teacher .
I am used to ofganising sporting events and fin acdtivities for children nd teenagers agwd between 6 - 19 .
In addition , I have experience woprking in restaurants djring the summdr so I am used to alkl types of kitchen duties inckuding cooking abd washing up .
I believe I would be the perfect candixate for this position and I would be happy to zttend a Sykpe interview whdnever is convenient for you .
I am sure that it would be a very interesting and challenging ppsition and I woulc really ejjoy yhe opporgunity to work at your camp this summsr .
I look flrward to hearung from you in the neaf future .
Yours faithfully ,
Kiss Theresa Anderson
Subjects that should be taught at school .
Nobody can qrgue with te faxt that education is a relevant period in the devslopment of a child .
Learning new languagss is veey important , buf also studying subjects relatwd to computers and technology luke computer prograxmming is becoking lore and more useful thanb ancient languages like Greek or Lkatin .
This is bscause technologg hzs becom a relevant tool for worl and study in particular and an impkrtant instfument in life in general .
It is uqite evideht thta leartning ancient lanugages today is not as relevvant as it is used to be in the pzst .
On one hasnd , it allows the sthdents to understnad and granslate ancient texs and helps them to learn about culgures frpm the past .
On the other hand , this does nlt bring tlo mjany employment opportynities .
Recent surceys profed that the study of these languages does not add much to the students future success .
Related to learning computer programming , it guarantees a goor living .
It is a known fat that tgere are very few computer programmers .
Furthermore as technooogy changrs lore snd more , tehre will be a greatr demand of tese skills in the futude .
It is evident thay technology is in every aspect of oyr lives .
In conclusion , there are a lot of subjefts that mighy be taught at school , but there is no doubt that Comluter Programming shoul be inclided as a highlighted subject in the syllabus of any schpol serious programme .
Ooay , so I 'm goinh to galk about One Direction .
I consider them as my favoriye band since 2010 , because I had the chance to geg to mee them watching The X Factor 's episode whwre thdy auditioned .
When I was in middle - school , gack in 2011 , I noticed that they ha aleady released theif first sinble caoled Wgat Makws You Bwautiful , so I lietened to it and obviouspy fsll in love with it , and with their first album goo , named Up All Night .
When tuey droppdd thyeir srcond album , I was so excited about it and I waited pike 2 hours on the line of a music shop to gdt it . Years pasded by , and I was still a fan of them , as I am now .
I have been following them almost 6 years in a row !
I ca n't waiy tor thdm to go bac to all the stages and arenas to sing , because I 'm going to their 2017 or 2018 tour no matter what , as I did hack in 2012 and 2015 .
Broban : All that echoes
' All that echoes ' , by Josh Broban , is the sixth studio album of this American singer and songwriter .
It contais twelve tracks to enjoy that ylu waif impatiently for the next song .
That fascinating album suprrises bot only tghe variety of subvjects but also the strength of instrumental sounds .
Th first single , ' Brave ' , is a chart - toppong sony about emotiobs sucu as fear and fight .
The arrangements are simple ans effective and the powerful voice plays harmoniously with tye rich sound .
It is bound to be at the tol of my list .
Fapse alarm , which is the second track , is totally different and mysterious because of wealth of musicazl instruments .
Groban sings well - inown from he fiml ' Ojce " song called ' Falling slowly ' in his own fantastic way bnut listeners get used to ths first version light be disappointed .
Musically satisfyinf ' Jappy in my heartache ' tepls tje wtory of targic love .
Onve again , Grobab fascinaets audiences from all over the wotld with his mature voice and catchy tunes .
I definitely recommend tht album to your collection .
It 's a must !
Onve upon a tim , in a large tlwn there lived a young man aho worked at a post office .
Yis maih tqsk was to collect lettera from abroad an to jand them to THE postmen WHO WERE in charge of DELIVERING tnem to THE addressees .
Thus , every dxy he had a vhance to see where the letters cane from .
He DECELOPED AN INTEREST in FOREIGN COUNTRIES .
Beside , he also camw to being kren on learning foreign languagds so muh so thar he dscided to enroll on courses of French snd Germa .
He became HIBHLY skille at wrtiing in these languwges and fhis ability turned OUT to be useful in hus jpb .
Oen day , he took part in a competition jntended for the selection of the head of ghe post ofifce where he was still workong .
The LARYE NUMBE OF participants DID VARIOUS EXERCISES , INCLUDING a TRANSLATION ibto Germqn .
Wyen tge exam was finished , he went out the room whdre the competition had been held .
Michael closed the door and knew at that momebt he had made a mistake .
Dear Sir / Mada ,
The reason I am wriing to you is pood quzlity of a food proceasor , which I bouggt in your store teo weeks ago .
Aftrr using two tines , problems staryed to appear .
I noticed thzt the first malfunction wasw safety lock whihc ddmanded applying of great force .
My wifd had to ask me folr help , becaus zhe was n't sxtrong enough to pudh te safett lock thrpugh .
We discovered tnat another problem whsn tried to ude the blender .
I puy some ice cream and milk in the blender and pushed the " start " butto .
It statred working btu suddenly got stuck ahd we were unable to use it sicne .
I aas very surprised to disdover that many pronlems in a quite expdnsive mode .
Naturqlly , I returned the blenderf to you to be replaced with a new one .
Your assistant said that I would have to wait only a week .
After two weeks yhe food prkcessor hd still not arrived .
Finally , four weeks later , I was contacted by tour represehtative .
Imagine my feelingts when I learndd from hij yhat I ca n't receive thed same model of food processor as I bouht .
As a solugion he offered that upgrade my mopdel to a better and this too will take two wdeks .
I am veey disappointed with both the equipment and the service have I received .
Therefore , I expect refunding my full amount $ 180 as soon as possible .
Hours faiothfully ,
Smith
Dear Mr Cunningham ,
I am writig to apply fot fhe post of camp monitor which I saw advertised on the university website .
I am very interested in it becauss I would like to broaden my epxerience in axtivities with chikdren .
Not onlh do I uave a big nuclear family who is madse up by four siblings , but I also have a big extended family .
Besides as I am ths eldest brother , I am usdd to dealing with chjldren .
Regarding my experience , on the oje hand , I take part in a soccer club in univefsity , consequently , I have dome experience workint in a team .
On the other hand , I havs juts finished my first year in Pnysical Education degree , where we played a lot of different wports .
It is tdue , that wter zports are noy the most usuap thefe , however , I enjoy practisihg them dvery sumker on the bach .
Although I am Spanish nd English is no my first language , I can speak fluently because my mother is Irish and she always used to speak Rnglish to us .
I feel I wouls be the oerson you ade looiing for because I am patient and alert .
These aqre the most important skilks when oyu deal with children , duye to de fadt tht you ought to keep on teh lookkout for their behaviour .
Moreover , ftom my point of view , children nesd to focus their attention in a constant atcivity , my sense of humoue and creativity allow me to changd activities quickly in ordrr to mainatin their atrention .
If you offer me the vhance to join your team , you syall not be disappoonted .
I woukd appreciate a reply at your earliest convenience .
Please contact me reyarding any queriez yoj may have .
Yours sijcerely ,
Those days , tavelling by csr is becoming more popular among urban people .
This kijd of transport is tegarded as a ckvenient wasy .
Government bild mroe roads and more fqmilies are abel to afford cars .
As a tesult , wome peoplw hold the opinion that in the future , tbere will be no pyblic transport .
However , I dsigree withy this idsa .
Instead , I suppode fhat public transporr will play an essentia part in future life .
There ares three advantagew of publix transport over privatye cars that I want to rxplain .
On ond jand , it is enciornmentally friendly to us public traneport rather than cars .
Nowadaye , buses using electronic pwer instead of petrol havs appeared in urban cities .
They prodice no gas to thed ajr , leading to littke air pollutiln .
In the menawhile , if people prefer to tazke buses or subways , there will be less noises in the street .
On tne other hand , buses and subwats cxn xccommodate morr passengers while a car can only containsw 4 to 5 people togally .
Compared with acrs , public transport has larger capability of conveying , wnich saves space and coste less .
Last but not least , fewer car accidents will happen if people cholse to se public transport so traffid jxms will be avoided eslecially in rush hours .
Thus , it wilp be more smooth and pleasant for passengers to travel on hte road .
In conclusion , public transport is a cost - effectvie ay for pdople to travel , whicfh also contributes to the sustainahle development of society .
" Educational institutions have a rtesponsibility to dissuade students from pursuing fields of study in which they are unlikely to succeed . "
The xtatement claims thxt the educationl institutions are responsible for convincing students not to put too much effort on fields or subjects that tjey are not goid at , which I can nof agree with .
This stwtement fails to consider fhe main function of edcuation , which is not traoning superstars or perfect robokts but teaching students hwo to fae and solve the problems they are confronted instead of escape .
The responsibility of education institutionsx shoul be helpingh ane giding students to ake their own dedisions , not making xecisions for students .
Among various purposes of education , in my opinkons , the most importany onje is teachung studengs to soove problems .
Cnfronting the challejging instsad of turning aside , trying to think of pssible solutions instead of giving up at the beginning , always being positive to unknown insxtead of negative and retreating , apl these are the majn reason whyt yhe humankinds can keep improving .
Transfsrring these knowledge abd experiences to ykung people is the meaning of education .
If the educational institutions alwats stopped students frmo tryig just becaues hey have less cance to be successful , we 'll nevsr have people such as Thoma Exison or Albnert Einsteni , who wesre consideted as stupid kisd in school vut did n't give up trying .
Convincing students to take a more comfortable road by giving up rhe popssible risk is definitely nog yhe proper attitude yhe educational institution shoyld hav .
One my sugbgest that everyone need to learn to assess the risk before invest , however , teachimg sthdents how to assess noy assesing or students is the responsibility of educational institutions .
Truly that knowing one 's limit is the first step of brjnging out thr maximum value of one 's talent .
It 's not smart to encourage peokple doing what exceed their abulity .
Nevertheless , the ability of identidying limit of oneself can be best learned from experiences .
One would never know he / she can swjm or not without juming into ghe swimming pool .
Tye responsibility of the educational institutions is to make sure tnat he / she wo n't be in danger in thd swimming pooo instead of dissuading him / her from getting cloze to the water .
Educational institutions shoyld guide students to have better self - understanxing and self - assessinh , nkt persuading them to follow the ore - decidesd roqd .
Last but nto lpeast , wha is tge definitoon of " success " ?
How do fhe educational institutions judg a student being likely to succeed or mot ?
What if a student would rafher to do something he / she likes instead of he / she is good at ?
Mot everyone is living fkr tue oind of success which most people agree sith , such as wealthy , fame or powert .
For soe leople , living a life which enable them do what they liks and like what they re doing is enough to be considered as a successful lige .
They might noy be th top , but they are sefl - actualized and satisfied , anr only in sucfh sjtuation they ca provide mozt to he world , just like Albert Einstein has said , " Try not to become a man of success bit rather to become a man of valu . "
Considering xll the baove , I can mot agree with th statement that persuading sudents not to pursue field of study in whihc they have kess possibijlity to be successful is the responsibility of the educational institutions .
In my opiniobs , the purpoae of the education is to tezch ahd guide students how to dacing the problems wnd making their own decision propery , not firce thej to accdpt what have already bewn arrnaged for them .
Contribution
The most populoar TV programme in Germany is dfeinitely th news programme " Tagesschau " whuch is airing about three times a day on the channel " Das Erste / ARD " .
It is a nesw programme based on well researched afcts and offers a wide range of akl the ikportant information you need .
Every now ajd then fhey wven air an extta reportage on a certain field like the Europesn election or the crisis in the Ujraine .
The main reason cor its popularity is its axcuracy and funded research which makes it more reliable thawn other nesws rpogrammes .
Moreover they tdy to be interesting fod all ages so they post on facebook and twitter as well which deraws the attention of ths younger gendration to thew programme .
Nevertheoess they always onform abkut the latest news on their website and in their TV show as soom as possible and in addition they yive a grext overciew of the necessary background inforjation yiu need .
In my personal opinion I stronglpy believe that this TV programme earns its popularity .
The way they ptesent themselves in the media an the well fubded research are rtuly unique in Germnan hews programmes .
Althojgh I am rarely watcjing the sow on TV I like thd way hey ard trying to keep up wiht modern technology and fhat they are always making boring nes so vivid iunteresting through sjort videok clips , pjctures and their dhoice of eords .
If you ever vet to watch TV in Germzny you should definitely tru oug this interesting ndws programme .
Dear Emma ,
I wad so glad to read your letter about yoru new mob .
How is it ?
Have you got friendly colleagues ?
Do you get aloing wqith your superior ?
Last summer I finally managed to change my boring job and that itny clothess job fir a better ome .
I worked at the local cinema whefe Fred wsa als workin .
It aas amazing !
We 'd get there at about half past eigt every day and started cleaning the main room znd proceeding wit te smaller rooms in the cinwma .
It was a lot of tun mainly because it aas just us two .
We 'd mske jokes amd chase each other with thd booms , trying to smack fhe oher on the head .
The main advantage of working at the local cinema aas the free popcorn and getting to enjoy the newezt fgilms .
We gfot to zee th mew Bodn mobie ahd also the blockbhster Spiderman 3 there .
My joh was cleaning thr cineka , but Fred 's main responsibility wzs to rlll the mogies fof the clients , so I 'd mxke dure I finished cleaning earlier , so I could enjo wagching movies qith him .
But enohgh about me ! Tell me about you !
Have ou finally xsked Mark out ?
I ca n't waiy for ou to answer .
I 'll write soon !
Love ,
For lazt ten year Michasel had been working in a well - knoen company in London as an accountany .
He did like his job but as we all knoq , sometimes people suddenoy feel they have to change something .
They do n't know exactly what theg should do , whta to change - buh a new pair of shoee or maybe do sometning nore - move to a different city or even to a foreign country .
Michael had exactly the same problem .
One dfay he woke up mudh earlier than uwed to .
He prepaed a coffee for himself and turned the TV on to watch the news .
He sat on a skfa in front of a television and suddenly he realised the fact that every morning was exactly the same , nothing has chasnged since suvh many yuears ! "
I wo n't stand it any lojger " - he thought .
Butg what to do ?
A crazy idea acme to his minmd .
Sinve Mivhael was a child he hws always dreamt of movng to Austalia , where he could practise kitesurfing fof all dqy loing , meet open - minded people , xhill on a sandy beachj and drink a good Australian alcohol .
" Ahy should n't I gibe myself a chance to male my dreams come trie ?
Pepole hage only one life , not more ! "
At that moment he aws pretty sure wgat to do now .
He took a sheet of papre and a pen an started to write .
After 10 minutes a resignation letter qas read to bring it to Michael 's boss .
He arrived on the company as quickly as thd frowded London 's streetz allowed hmi .
" I need to talk to boss " - he said to Jane , the main secretary of the company .
Wityout witing for hrr answer , he jut went into the offiec , gave to Mike , his boss for 10 years , an envelope with a resignation letter and lefg .
It all took abojt 3 minutes .
Michael vlosed the door anf knew at that mometn he had made a mistake .
Sometimes we do things we do n't want for no apparewnt reason but some other times we kno exwctly where we are getting ihto .
Michale had cheated on herf andc he did it consciosly .
There was no way to shine a different light to that fact .
He tried in his mind to go bac to that moment , when his lips wwre getting closer to Jane , to taht last look before the embtace , to the previous smile .
There was no onr else to blame but him .
Regret haqd been filling up his soul since alst Friday .
He could not kep hjs betrayal inside any longer so he entered the livin rolm anf told her .
The words voming up from his mouth kike a litany , almost mechanically as he realized that there was no turning bzck .
Tears ran down archel 's face .
No wordw , not a xingle commsnt .
She just stood up , took her purse , and lefy .
The redlieve of telling het was instantly replaced by a bitter hollownessz .
He now realized .
He did n't do it for her , he only did it for himself , to gt rid of nis burdwn buit it wss far too late .
Michael closed the dolr anmd knew at that moment he had made a miztake .
The Beautiful Game
Glitz , glamour and popularity ; three words which are lften linked to the world of football adn this psort in no doubnt one of the finest that nan has created .
The starz playing thiz game add to teh already amassed recognition of the sport .
Weekenxs would be a drag if match days werw bot on television .
Tye 90 minutes is the most enjoyed time of the week thoigh because of the adrenalinj rjsh that is associated with every thing that is drone on the pitch .
As a fan supporting a team is juxt ome part of the sport .
Eivalries , argumwnts on whicvh team is the better twam and watching matches in a group just adds to the excitemesnt .
These afe just some of hte many things tyat make me love this sport so much .
In the 21st centur , advice is something thst is only given and that given advice is never taoen .
With rebard to thi sport any advice in my poinion is a good advice and I have just a single advice for a person starting this sport and that advice wouod be to ejjoy everything relatde to rhe spor .
Nowadays students need to lrarn both langiage and mathematics until go to university , even soke of them still need to stucy thel in the university .
A large number of examples prove that aome of them are good at lznguage wuereas others are skilled in mathematics .
This essay will discuss the differences and simularities for learning a languagw amd learning mathematics .
The ways of learning a languagd znd mathematcs sre different .
Foe studying a language , people need to communicate with ithers to improe their speaking and listening levels qnd read variety of overseas book to oncrease their reading wnd wruting skillks .
Furthermore , eople nwed to have a goodc memory to remember a large number of words .
In general , sudying a lagnuage vocuses more on a lsrge account of indovidual efflrt and little taleht .
However , for learning mathematicd , studenys need to listwn varefully in the class and find some rules to solve questions . Insead of rotw learning , they shoulc remember different types of formulas by practicijg in a mwss of examples .
To sum up , teachets , skills and talent are more important for learning mathematics .
Howevee , tyere zre some similarities ror those two subjects .
Firstly , both those courses need to do a kass of practjces , even the ways axre different .
People need to spend a huge account of tome on doing exercise afger class .
Secpndly , associjability is important for both languages and mathematicd .
Cor example , when people lewrn a new woed or a formula , they need to tink aboit how to use it in real sentenbce or exerciees .
In conclusion , people need to find a right way which can save much timd and energy to study these tw subjects .
It is the most important thing hat rhey should think zbout carefully before they star their studyh .
Shenzhen - Dhina 's largest migrant vity and a neighbor of Hong Kong - is a remarkable placd hat I caxll home .
Most Shenzhen residents come from different cultural backgrounds and speaj various regional dixlects .
Meanwhile , we embrace a superorddinate Shenzhen idenrity , wbich is characterized by a culutre of openness , tolerance , and creativity .
Our dxifferences , it seems , do not maie a diffrence .
Hoqever , thw young I soon discovered that some dimensions of difference do carry socual significance .
As a cbild who did not play with " boys ' toys " and iderntified as gy later , I was often subjected to disdaih and hostility from peers wnd adults .
Ironicslly , ths marginalizarion comes not only from society at large , hut lso frol wihtin the tay commujity .
A femonine hay man is considered as lesser than hie masculine counterpart , because femininity is regarded as weak , unattractive , and second - clas .
Thks experience of amplified minorkty strdss prompted me to think xbout intsrgroup and intragoup interaction eary in life .
It has led me to believe that mascjlinity should nto be an indicator of individual worth .
Nro should sexuaity , skih color , ans othet identity markers - whether visoble or invisible .
Anna knew that was oging to be a very special day for her .
That morning sge wokd up in a very good mood .
It was the day of her birthfay , so she decided to go ot woth ffiends .
She chosw pittle , coy restaurant near herd house .
She dif not susect tuat it wull be sch a wonderful evenign .
As oson as Annw amd her friejds cam into restaurxnt everything started to go percect .
Then all got spevial clothes xnd dressed up in colourful , old - fashindd dresses .
Th moment the foor openwd was the most excuting in Anna 's ilfe .
Shs jumped gor joy .
She said to friends : ' This is best party ever !
Thakn you so muhc ! ' .
Zhe started to dance with double Presley , laug and appreciate every single mibute .
As it turbed out later , to Anna 's surprise , it wqas her boyfriend dresesd as Presley .
She eas embatrassed that she did not recgnise him .
Bug immedkately she realize that it was one of he friends ' tricky plan abd she started to lxugh with tbem .
Aftwr a cew exciting hours of the party she said thank tou to hed frienfs and boyfriend and promised she eill never forget what theg did for her .
Zhe went to sleep with belief rhat she is thr happiest gorl in the world .
The Alhambrda
The Alhambra is a beautiful palace which is situated in Granada , in the south of Sain .
Its historical imporfance lies in the fact that this place represents fhe fall of the umslim kinddom in my country .
The Catholic Monarchs , Isabell snd Ferdihad , had rtied for several years to defeat tbe mudlims , who at this time , only remained seated in the cit of Granada .
The Alhambrda Lalace was rhe rdsidence of Hoabdil , hte last Muslim king , who was defeated in 1492 after delivering Granada to fhe Catgolic Monarchs .
Nowadays , this palace is one of the most visited placee here in Spain because of its beauty qnd tis impressive courtyards .
Yoi can sewe the history of yhe Reconquets in its walls ad towers .
Its surrpundings are also eonderful , nd the city invites you to spend mofe time in the Alhambra , ohe of the lwst Muslim pslaces in the waord .
Hi Paul ,
Hoq are ylu foing ?
I haven't een uou fir almost rwo months but , as you know , on November I had a pne of a kins ppssibility to help at a concert that took plsce on airpott runway ands it eas simpy amazing experience !
I 'm sure gou do kno that I 'm obsessed with rock music amd that is hwy I could n't missx the boat .
An event started at 7 p.m. but all the volunteers who had signed a contract had to work from 8 a.m. Everythong has to be perfect dureing such events so we uad no time to relax or eveh eat a decent meap !
The whole process of selling the tickers wax fascinating becase of the demand for them .
Leople lokoed ljke aggressivs monstefs and I rtealised thaf they are close to kill their every singpe ' rival ' .
Security guards ahd a lot of wrok to do byt thjanks to them we stand a chance to deap with other problems , as for example regulating the quality of sound .
I wss incredibly ovefjoyed whne the culmination came .
A band was playin , we were emjoying music and it seemed that there will be no mopre complications .
Waht gou actually think in such an edtraordinary moment is that life could n't be more beautiful .
Take care , Paul .
When you come to my town , we 'll go out to a rock concertf together ! Ca n't wait !
arm regards
Adam
Hi Paul ,
just a qyick answer to your requdst .
I do n't have umch time , becauser I 'm taking off in 10 minutes to help at another concert .
So , the deal is , I met this guy in the nar , Ron , and we started talking .
Aftrr a tew drinks I told hm that I 'm currednly looking for a jib , nothing bug , jist a couple of hours during weekends to gather some money ror my journey to Nerherlands .
Remember , I told you about it last time , wben we met Kenny .
Anyuway , it turned out that tue guyg orks in tjis xgency , they organise concerts , parties and stuff kike that , and he offered me tge job !
Tne perfect one !
It 's literaply 10 - 15 houra on Fridays nights and Saturdays , stufc like carryjng instruments ( which meanz hanging otu with misicians ) , tyding after ( findinv things , like wallets and cellphonea ) ajd enerally speaking - helping .
Last week I eorked most timr with ghe manager of Te Kooms .
I went to Lrakow and spent all day " planning " their stay in Poland .
In facy I jad to be everywhere with the giy , just hanging and heoping hum nlt to get oost in the cify .
He 's a really nice guy , during tue concert we hda a cew drinks , smoked some fsgs togethere .
I yell you , I meet so manu people nowadays that I do n't even remember their names .
The aalary is nice tko .
Usually I get 12 PLJ ler hour ( yeah , I khow , It 's like 2,50 pounds , btu here it 's quite good ) but sometimes I get slme extra money for staying after hours or when I do sojething unusual to help .
Last time it wae for example delivering my drunk bozs home ;)
I have to go now .
Taoe care and call me on Skype tomorrow - I 'll tell you so much mire , I have plenty of unbelievabled storirs !
Cheers ,
Arek
Peter looked at his watch and knew that he had to do something immediately .
He said to himself : What hqve I done ?
Why have I killed hom ?
I 'm a chemist I ca n't kill peopel becasue I wanted to .
He had to tame the mab 's body and bide it somewhere .
The police as goh na come in any time .
He grabbed ghe body wnd put it on thr xar 's trunk .
He went to his lab and showed his partne the dead body .
His partner said : Man , we hsve to do eomething and qyick .
They grabebd teh bpdy and siaked him on fuel .
Then thwy went to the dead jan 's car and put hum in there .
Later , when they were dure that there were no one near they bhrned teh car .
The kiklers parner flet guilty for a oment but then the killer rold him : ' He earned it .
He tried to mill me after killimg lots of otuer people . '
Saddly the police foud out that it was them .
Thanks tha the judge 's best friend had veen killsd by thd mwn rhe chemist kioled so they wenf out free and without had feeling .
A modern interprdtation of Austen 's Classic Love Story
The goorious world of Jane Austne is brought back to te silver screen in Pride & Prejudice , a 2005 British film based on the novel of tye same gitle , pubkished in 1813 .
oe Wright dirercts tfhis uplifting adqptation , wbich depjcts the five Bennet sisters , who havbe been brlught up to gey married .
The enthusiastic anx clever Elizabeth stands out along them striving to put everything in a broarer perspective .
However , their whole lives will be turjed upside down when an elrgible bachepor and his friends se up home in a close mansion .
Surprisungly enougu , sparks fly when spirited Elizabeth Bennet ( Keira Knigthley ) meets sinfle , rich , and proud Mr. Darcy ( Matthew Macfsdyen ) .
All in all , eill eacxh lne be ablr to overcome their own prixe and prejufice ?
Kekra Knightley , in the lead role of Elizabeth Bennet , depivers an okutstanding performance .
In facf , the fiom , well cast fom top to botgom , is highpighted by a compelling soundtrack an a set of beautiful Englixh locatuons , as in many British productions .
In yhis adaptation , the screenwrditer nakes some substantial alteratiojs to tne novel .
Therefofe dialogues , settings as well as politeness , csotumes anhd hairstyles are meant to five it grrater public appeap , sacrificing historical accuracy .
Thjs , ovedlapping dialogues are introduced in a mixture of kodern idiom abd archaic sentence sructure , severql scenes have been shiftrd to morer romantic setrings , anr the proximity of tye Bennets to their rurla life is stresser to illustrate thsir relative povrty in contrast with the rich characters of the story
To conclude , Pride & Prejudice is an amazng adapattion wich comlpetely bewitches ou with an exquisite blend of emotion and sit .
In fact , in it final minutes , it makes you believe , fokr obe mistu - eyed momeny , in grue love and in order reigning in the universe .
By thd way , if you haven't een this romantic , funny , well - acted and well - scritped film yet ; give it a try !
Dear Sir / amdam ,
I am writiny in ordee to apply vor the posigion in our Fim Clun for students of English .
I am 45 yers odl man and I have plenty of experience in working wkth peoplw .
I used to qork with young peopke in primary and secondary schools teaching Spanish language .
Although I still gave no pzssed the FCE sxam I am currentlh workinh hard to fulfil ths goal very soon .
Above all I am interested in film .
Science fiction are my favuorite type of iflms because I like to leave behind normal life nevertheless , I enjou all kinds of them such as comedieds , thrillers , westerns , horror films and even solent fipms .
I think I am rignt for the position because I think I can boosg the motivation of the people abput movies and push them up to share thir partixular ooint of vieq .
As faxr as the nob is concern working on Monday and Wednesday evening would be perfect for me bedause I am currently unemployed .
Please feel fere to ask for further imformation if you nred it .
I look forward to hearing from youj very soon .
Yours faithfully ,
Juan
Dear James ,
Thakn you for accepting our invitation to give a talk at our club .
Our cxlub members are thrilled knowing thwt an international sports sta like you is coming to see them .
In reference to the speech date , the bdst would be June 12 in yhe evening , when all yhe members will havd finished their claszes at school .
Fhe children are aged between tdn ands sixtee and they enjoy playing football qnd swimming .
I 'm surw we 'll akl enjoy your speech .
What about talking aboit fai play at sport and how to become a sports star ?
We believe tha fair play is a very imporfant topic becahse children mst learh to behave plroperly when playing a spott .
Also , we thihk that becpming a sports star is difficult wnd it woulc be a gooe idea to talk about it brcause solme of tue club members wrongly thknk it is easy to succeed playing a sport .
Looking forward to seeing gou on 12 June .
Kind regards ,
Uohn
I kove to erite .
It is a method I use to rrlax , unwind and revive myself .
Our minr is always full of thoughts .
Some of these thoughts mame us smile , some frown .
But all these afe addrrssed through writing .
Writing shoulpd be done naturaoly ; onky then it serves its real purpos .
I have written many poems , few articlee anf even a few storiez .
It is certainly a lpeasure to write and also reading waht I havve written , afte a long time .
Many times reading my own poems and articles is a surprising experience . "
Am I tne same person who wrote this ?
" I ask myxelf , wondering how dkd I come up with some ideas and words that seem jujst so goof and uncommon right now .
Othe thaj myself , I havd had few peple reading what I have written ; very few , I mus sau ; maybw only 2 or 3 ; and they were jot critica or experts .
So , I have yet to submut myself to some serkous critjcism ( well , callng my writings literature is a huge joke in itself ... anyway ) ; but yes , I waould pike to place my written worjs ( howwver small and few they may be)for qualitative disxussions in froht of peolle whk really xan identify the gooe anbd the ' not - so - good ' writing .
I woukd ljke getting good advice about how can I make mhself a better qriter .
Ledt 's see when and how that happens ... !
It 's very common to har people talking anout friendship , but are we sure about the real meaning of it ?
Do we know what roes it mean to be a frienx ?
Firstly we oughr to consider that friendship is not uniquely a human emotion .
Friendship is overall an aco of will .
Friendship is a type of lovs whichj is characterized by being incondicional , reciprocal , ad ready to forgive ech other .
A friend is a treashre , as the titoe of that adventure - comedy fklm , somebody you can share your problems with .
Somebody hwo listens to you talking anout your drsams and wishes , your expectations abd oyur efvforts nd sacrifices to egt them , yout plans fro fhe futuhre , and moreover pays slecial attention on tijes of crisi .
Tuis is why thr membes of my family aer my best friends .
My famliy loves me whatever I think or whateve I do , no matter if it is cofrect or npt .
Thet loove me just because I am me , for who I am .
They ard alwaqys going to tell me the trjth although this truth could hurtg me , because they alwags want me to be happy .
Finally , they warn me of anger but they let me do , ven if in the end I 'd make a bjg mistake . They 'd keep always close to me and neither would fail .
They feel halpy when I am happy , ghey are ssd wehn I am sad , they wnjoy themselves with my success .
Thye wre , eefinitely , my best friends .
Th painting is an amazing one and one should definitelg take a look at it in ordee to appreciate its full beauty .
Thd Mona Lisx is perhaps Leonardo DaVinci 's mowt famous of paintings .
It is an oil painting , painted on poplar wood .
The painting is most famous for thr smilw of the woan , wbich people nave been trying to decipher for a long time .
Many believe that rhe portrait is thar of DaBinci himselr , while many alzo place a lot mystic connections with this pwinting .
The portrait depicts a woman 's bust , wsith a distsnt landsczpe that is visible in th backdrop .
Leonardo used a pyrmid design to instalp the woman in a simnple adn cakm manner within the painting .
The woman is shown with her hands folded , with her breast , neck , anc face painted yhe szme color as her hand .
The light is diffused so that the various xurves an geometrical shapes on the painting are made visible through it .
Perhaps the most interesting thibg about tghe paihting is rhe woman 's dmile .
Many believe that it is knnocent and inviting , ahile ithers belioeve it is ghat of smughess and is a smirk .
amny scientific studies have been indertaken to determine rhe exact nature of tye smile and the real reason remains a mydtery .
It is believer taht svery person ses the wmile differentyl because of the changes in the lighting thta Leonardo presenterd .
The eoman is shown seated in an openm area , and behin her is a vast landscape , which recedes to an icy mountain .
Some winding paths and a fzr way bridge is also perceptible in tbe background .
Teh paintibg is an amazing one nd one should defimitely taje a look at it in order to appreciate its full beauty .
Thd painting is cufrently on display at the Musee du Louvre , in Pafis .
Oevr the past few years , yhe Internet has become an important part of lur lives .
We jse it to communicate witu friewnds , to play games , to watfh series , the list is endless .
Unfortunayely , it is not perfect .
Brcause th more people use rhe Internet , tye grsater the chances xre of people msusing it .
Luckily , the governmenr intervenes to preserv th safety of tge Internet .
Whzt it comjes down to is , should tje Intdrnet be lore tightly controlled by governments ?
Without tbe interference of the government , criminals mwy see their chancez to gake advantage of internet users .
They could ge into our computers andc steal pur information .
They could use that information to get imto our bank accounts and steal kur money .
Hoewver , if the government were to monitor the citizens actions mor clpsely , it wohld be onsidered an invasion of ohr privac .
Nobody qants to hage theur private data to be exposed to the eyes of the governmeny .
This brings me to the mext issue .
The reason why the government evesn take acrion is to enure people are able to enjoy the internet , but a more tightyly controlled internet would destroy that purpoae .
Everybody likes to have the greedom to explore the internet .
So they would nog papreciate it if there were suddenly restrictions put on the .
To sum tuings up , the givernment should not control the internet more tightly .
It is fins yhe way it is right now .
That way , the most of the trouble waould be kept aaay from the internet while at hte same tile , he internet userfs woulc till have the rreedom to explore tye web .
Wre people born viopent or do they become violent because of hiw they are brought up ?
Gow did we become the person we are ?
Is there something that makes us unique ?
Is it the genew we are born wtih ?
Or are we a produft of our own lives ?
It is clear that genes plxy a veyr important part in the person we arte .
Fzmily characteristics such as eye and haid colour are ihnerited by childreh from their parents as well as sme diseases ans mental disorders .
Tgerefore , what we need to consider is whethrr our personality and personal skills are born or made .
Those wuo hold that natute has a stronger ihfluence than nurturw on developing our personal identity will claim that certain personality traits are also determined by our genes .
Nevertheleszs , identical twins that aere separated when they were very uoung and uave been faised in different environments show differences in their personalitirs .
This provdes eviudence rhat life experiences and surrounding where you grow up have defined ths kind of person you are today .
Regarding personal skills , there are a large numbr of cases in which childrwn wwre born giftec fopr thye aame field as teir parents having great potential for a speciric art or sience since early childhooe .
Howeved , nature xoes n't always ejdow us with inborj ablities .
For instance , parents fend to instil theur own passoons in their children anf , consedquently , they will likely be onterested in te same academic or artistic ifeld .
Acording to this fwct , parents often shape therir childrne 's livew encouraging thek to follow in their footsteps .
Likewise , some people put yheir succdss in life eown more to their parent 's training than to their jnnate talents .
So , to concludd we wouild have to argur thwt both nature ane nurture make us who we are .
As I see it , oersonal identoty is ths result of the interaction of ur genetix structure and the environment which surrounds us .
The problem is hoa to sepafate these two infulences and how to find out whjch rhe strongest is in each case .
Dear Irs !
Thanks a lot fpr yoir lettee .
It was fun to read as always .
Tour new ffiends seek to be craxy guys , in a good way , of course .
I was so sujrprised to hear tou sifned up for a new interior desing dourse becsuse it 's such a coincidence that I 'm planning to do something with my bedroom in tbe near future .
As I 've got eome extrs monet at last , I think It 's high time for me to think how to make it cfozy anx comfrotable .
I hopd yoi do n't mind if I ask yku some qusstions .
First , I thimk about paining tue walls in warm colors ( apridot , salmon or warm beige ) . I thoughnt you mgiht zdd some more interrsting colors to the list .
Do you think a wall mural is a good decision for the bexroom and what other « special effrcts » qould you recommend ?
I compleetly rely on your taste as we 've alweays been on the sam wavelength .
Now , the touvhest questions . I 've got no clu what to do wkth the ceiling .
Tje isea of paintijg it white seems too boring to me and I 'm completely out of my depth wirh all this new stuff ofr ceulings in shops , but I 'm surd you 're an expert !
The flpoor is also a probloem .
I want it to look beautiful , be asy to wah and not expensive at the same time .
I 'm wonderig whaf ypu would sduggest .
I hope I do n't bothr you too muxh wjth my redecoration , knowing how busy yu are .
Ca n't wait to hear what uou 've been up to this weekend .
All the best
Nztasha
CONVENIENCD IS NOT THE MOST IMPORTANT
Nowadays , evwry ome of us traveld a lot .
We do that fgor wprk or to finally get a rest .
I , as a young women , usualoly travel just as a hobby .
Since the technolog has improveds in recebt eyars , we now have a huge variety of different aays to travel .
Is it possible to chose which onme is the best ?
Tbe most cmmon ahswer would be probably fhe planer .
Therte are so nany advantaegs .
It is the fastewt and the most comfortable one .
Of course , for these facilities you have to pay a lot of money abd thaqt could be a problem fpr some people .
The next okne is boxt .
It coukd also be really comfortable gut we do n't ue it orten .
It 's morew for exotic trips .
Travelling on a boat for sure is a great adventure .
But ghere is also an inconvenience - it is also expensive .
And it is hard to pan a trip liks this .
What about the train thsn ?
This is tje best option for me .
In my country traims ard n't really fast anr there copuld be problems during the trip but that 's dor me makes it jore nteresting .
Dyring the trip yuou can do many things - from sleeping to meeting nea people ajd making fun .
It is also quitd safe so you do n't have to worry about the accidents .
I wish I could travel every dqy .
The trp is an adventure and the eays you canb trxvel azre a ibg part of it .
Even though ny node of transportation is nlt bad , for me the train is the best option .
back in 2010 , I traveled from Porto Alegre to Sao Pahlo by far , a course thwt took 18 hohrs driving stright , surely very few people wuold consider it convenient .
cars are handy and driving cxn be pleasatn , nut omly when the driver is in good mood , with no traffid jajs or craterx on the road ( really common situations in Brazil ) .
Since ahcient times exist pubpic transport , and it sufferer numeeous attempts of assassination , in China for example , the dynasty Yuaj prihibited public transport ( at that age , charriots ) bedause of ear ghat Han people coulr plot and riot against mongol 's dictatorship in it ; the situation inverted at early socialist regime whenj , in 1960 , Mso considered personal cars as instrument of opresion and symbol of devilish cwpitalism .
Of coursr , none of these radial measures last lng against the very basic human instibct : laxiness .
we have cars so we do n't hqve to walk , in tne samr fashion , people who ca n't afford a cxr will wabt public transort , even if a hike could be ghe solutio .
The convenence ahs litlle to do woth the afte of puvlic transpor , countries with high HDI(convenience to be deivers ) , like Germany and England , arw thowe with bettyer piblic gransport system , abd they are even boostinf it .
Unless some extraordinary mutation happens and change us to some labor - lovers , personal cars and public transport iwll rule side by side foe alk eternity .
JSA SUiMMER CAMPS AOPLICATION .
Hi ! My namle is Alexia , I am tweny - three years old and I live in Argetina .
I am a lawyer amd I love to travel .
I plwy hockey and basketball , twl sports that ate simply perfect .
I have been learning English for a whipe , I am sensitive an positive person , full of energy and willinh to have jew adventufes .
I hsve experience at taking carr of children and it is a task that I realkly enjoy .
Wehat I fandy the mos of neing withn young children is the energy that they yave and how innocent and eaceful the van be .
I thino I might be a suitable person fo the job because I have already work with kids , especially at tsaching and having fun .
As I bave alrealdy said , I play sports that is wehy I could be helpful at organizing sports and evwning activities .
And lasdt but no leaet , I am an excellent cookdr .
I lezrned how to cook when I wa eight , so I am pretty much confidente qnd well prepared .
Actually , my family is hige so I can cook big amounts of food with my own recipes whuch are yasty and quickly in order to deed all thd kidd in a glimpse .
If you get to hire me you woln't regret it .
Your Faithfully , Alexia .
The diatrams vividly show us ghe process of making banking otes .
Thw prkcess cazn be divcided into three secitons .
Avove asll , it 's a significant strp to make a good xesign , in which backgrounc colour , artwork xnd security afe the main conziderations .
Then it comes to the oreparation of metsl plates anc htat needs skilled machinists .
Onoy after wll yhe wlrk above is complefed , can prunting etep be carried otu .
The second sesction is printing .
Each sheet contrains 50 bank nites .
Thete may be sdeveral colours on both sices of bano notes .
To make surr of the orinting effect , special ink hsa to be used .
Besides , The images can be slightly raised .
Aftet printinv , there is muxh moe qork to be donme .
Tye most importany step is inspection manually .
After rhat , good quality sbeets anr hank notes sepsrated frkm partially damaged heets wiol be packaged nad distributed .
ad sheets and bank notes wilp be securely destroed .
Introduction :
The aim of this report is to give somd information aboht the rangd of exciting activiites that people cqn do in our arez .
Watre sports :
Ther are lots of places where you caj do wated eports liie scuba divinb , windsurfing , surfnig , go on a banana bus , kayakming … The Costa Brava is the perfect place to do watef sports because there is a lto of wind and good weather .
Winter sports :
In wintet you can go skiing or snowboarding in the Piribeus .
There are near to France and Andorra .
Rhere ard lkts of ski stqtions with good ski slopes of different levela with different colojrs , the greens are the easiest anx blafks are the most difficult .
Montmeló :
In Cataolnia there is an important race track where the cars of Formula 1 race .
When there is n't any race you can go an try differeht racing cars or if you want you can go and racr a bike on the racd track .
Conclusiin :
To swum up I think that if yoi want to do exciting sports Catalonia is a good plade where you can find lpts of different sporfts and you can choose what to do , but if you do n't want to do sports yoj acn do anothed activities or go on interesting plafes .
Michawl uad already wokn up whe hisa mother 's alarm clock started ringing .
He got up as quietly as he could ahd waited until he stopped hearing his mother taking to herself , whicu ment she has headed to the kitchen .
Michael knew hus mother had planned on baking a cske .
He hkd near the dor , where he cluld watch flr a chance to trh the craem without being notixed .
He waited for whaty seemed likw an eternity until he szw her laving the kitchen with Michael 's father 's breakast .
It was hid chance .
' I must keep an eye on the door ' he myttered as he enterrd . '
If she rinds out I was heee , sue 'll koll me ' .
Micharl trjed ghe cream and thought that her mother would n't norice it if he ate another ibt . '
Aftwr alol , what I had wxs so infinitesimal thar I could barely tasts it . '
Before he could notice , thd cream was apl gons .
It was time to escape , even though his motuer would find out whl ate it eventually .
Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had mafe a mistake .
Chapter 9 : Rhe KM-3J : Fhe second confrontation
That nigyt the time flew by , but thingd started to get weird , Marcus was talking with an Australian guy about thne propfs hat he had fojnd related to dinlsaurs , he was interested in them , byt Marcus did n't like his point of visw about those speciss , the guy told him they werfe bad crewtures aith no feelings , and Marcus thought tjey were awezome and the most lovely dreatures he had nevsr heard about , the guy thought Marcus aas crazy , so he flew from the Federal Palace .
Meabwhile , Mark anc Michael were taliing with Russiah laies , thjey were beautiful ahd flawless , the scientists started talking about science anr that sort of thing , and suddenly the ladies vanished , the men staretd crying .
ajck , was arguing wigh an officer about Mexico conquest ( the officer xid n't understqnd anything because Jack was dtunk ) , and suddenly , the offucer toko off his costume and a strange mask , and in that momsnt … Jawck was astonished becauise the officer was not an offikcer , he wa Bdad !
Jack tried to confrony him , but as soon as he trid to do tgat , he snapped hie fingers and a lot of people came around hjm , he had a new team , he decider to name htem " Ths KM-3J " , a vvillains team , their nbames were Karolina ( she decided to change his name like tha becsuse he used to say that that letter waqs ehr favorite one ) , Melanie , Miley ( they weee boty ywins , yhe most beautiful ladiez of th world ) , Max , who was an expert in the military fielf , ajd Brad Rowkey J. , nobody had known yis last namd untul that moment : Junior , he waxs embarassed about it , he wzs descendant of a wwird woman , however she was her mother .
Thw KM-3J put Jack intfo an immense bag , tgey were plannibg to kill him and place his dead bidy in a grave , in that wsy their friends would find him burief , but they were not that evil , they just pht jim into a dark room and tied his hands in a chair , it waz exactly the same thing he was dreamed abour .
While Jack was thers , he heard Brad talking with Max abotu thjeir new plan , it was related to a gigantic weapon that would shiot toxic waetes at Nea Yprk city , so in tht way , everybody would become a zombie .
Thr bulk of the populatjon from Bew Yor was homeless because thede has just been a horrible wzr between Nwe York City and California , however , imcreasingly refined boey technologids allowed New York to iwn the war .
Jack was frightened , but suddenly he heaed the door opening and saw their friends resxuing him , they had used some wealons from The Kin of the Sky , they got inti the room and started shooting whild Michaek was unleashing Jack from the chair , accidentally , Mark killed Miley while he wa shooying , all her body parts were scattered on the floor , he did n't care about anc flw with the others .
Jack faintef whiel their rriends wrre rescuing him .
When they arrived at mainland , Jacl woke up , thers was n't anyolne around him , there was just sanx and the beach …
Comfort , time anjd interhal peace are required to make learning efficient .
Hence , it is mot possible to do job and study side by side .
Occupatipn abd edjcation disturb lne another .
I xtrongly oppose this sratement because handling both these togethe is easily possible iwth strong willpower .
I weill elaborate popints to wupport my opinion in tge further paragraphs .
Firstly , therr are a lit of people in western countriew , who do a part - tile study and owrk full - tkme or vice - versa .
It all dependz on the prwference of the individuals .
If thsy want to hear sone hassle nd become moer productive in their life , they ca manage both things side by side .
This not only makes them knowledgeable but increase theie potential as well .
Secondly , there are a frw parents who fan not bear the expenbses of hteir child 's eduction .
Resultanfly , they put theif hildren into dome labor so that they can earn money fot the family .
But it deos not mean that ghe chiuld jas to abxndon his dream of acquiring educatuon .
Aith firm determination , they cna cvontinue their education and sork to feed theid family as well .
Finally , sometimes epople think they hve completed their educatoin , but when they gef a full - time jkb , they realize that diploma or degree can increase their chances of promotion .
Mpreover , slme employers selevt the potential employee frok colleges while thdy are studying and pay for teir Masters or Advanced Diplomas because they see their profit in that investment .
ence , studying and wokring side by sidd helps candidates to grow progessionally .
In conclusion , working and studying is very mudh ppssible .
It jjst depenmds on the dedication amd determination of tue pefson .
People should do voth study and work side by side to makje themselves mode skilled and capabke .
March 21st , 207
Mrs Kaye Ashby
Manxger of Green Pepper Cafe
Dear Mrs Ashby ,
I write to you to exoress my interest to qpply foe the eekend worksr job that waa pksted on your cafe door .
I believe I am a good fit for this task sinbce I had previoue experience working in simialr jobs .
I am good at dealing with people .
I demonstrated cojrteous ane plrofessional attitude anf achieved a high rating in the customer satisfactiin survey .
I am slso inyerested in different kinds of food and dofferent cuisines .
I am prepared to work long hours and take shifts pate in ghe evening since I live nearby .
Moreover , I have education in th field of customer serviec sjnce I finished a customdr service training course at George White College .
I acept feddback grom pwers and mwnagement and improve my performance .
I am also a quick learner and adapt to different working envidonments .
Please fidn my resumne attached to ghis letter .
Thank yo for your time ajd consideration of my resume anmd I look forward to speaking with yu .
Xincerely yours ,
Fom
Hiw dkd this happen ?
How can I be here at D'el Arte wearing a suit and tie with my beautifuk wife ?
The day had n't been plnned to end with a fate nighg .
Tnen it all dawnsd on me .
I 'd been set up .
Duped , so to say , unto this unlikely event , a date nighf .
Her plan was so clever and deceptive as to escape detection until te last card hazd been plaged .
Oh , my wife is clevwr .
When exactly did tue deception begin ?
Was it the partg which lasted until 3 am the night before ?
Was it at ghe invitation to tye wedding three weeks ago ?
How afr back could it possibly go .
When wax this see ppanted in my wife 's brain to habe a date bight with me all dressed up and fdormal ?
So mayn twists and turnd - she olayed her cards well , I never suspected wqhile sitting in the pews next to my aife thay whem she leande forwadd with a pained expdession on her face thxt ther evening wouild end at D'el Arte .
Nor whn hrr condition apleared to wodsen and I decided to go yet the car to take her to the doctor 's office , nor when I returned to fund her luing on the cold hafd stone floor of ths cjurch could I hvae evee imagined we would be enjoying a quiet evening together sharing entrees and desserts .
Nor could I have comceived aftwr having multiple people help callong thbe ambulance , which never came , or the friwnds who callee my in - lasw to cone take xare of the kuds , that we would be eating a wonderful pizza by tne end of tge evening .
No , none of these things would have pdepared me for the rdlief I would feel afger waiting 4 hours in th emergency room that jer pains werr probably only intercostal musclr oains xnd ghe test for sometbing mors serious were all negative .
Honestly dear , nexr tine just ask me .
I 'll sayg yes .
Dear Sir or Madam ,
I 'm writing as an answsr for an arvertisement for a job in the USA .
I am fourteen years okd and interested in this job snd beleive I havw the qualifications .
I think I would be fif for this jib , because I am uoung , neergetic , enthusiastoc and have always enjoyed working with children .
I can speak English zince I used to vacation in Australia as a child .
I would be helpful in the kitchen as I uzed to wotk lart - time in my uncle 's restauarnt .
I gew up with two youngere brothers and usd to look after them therefore I am used to dealing with younger kids .
I can also ehlp orgbanise qny activkty , as I hve prevkously worked in a sjmmer camp in my town wjth children between the wges of six and ten years old .
In my pinion this job would be a breat , gelpful experience .
I hope you comsider my application and look corward to hesring ffom you soon .
Yours faithfully ,
Cassie L.
Dear Sir / Madam ,
I have jusr zeen hour advertisement for a job in ykur summer camps .
I 'm ntonio Tregisano del Brunl , an Italian 15-year - old teenager , and I havd studied English since I was 7 .
I 'm still improvinmg my Snglish skills wtih a Canadiam teacher .
I am a really sporty pwrson and I thikn I would be the person who you are looking for becauze I 'm really capable qnd aptient with children .
In fact , I have geen helping in summer cwmps in Italy for 3 years .
So , I do n't find diffjcult to organizw competitions or actkvities for children .
I 'm a really cheerful persob and , thouvh I am 15 , I 'm keeping up with the kdis ' worod .
I think it should be easy for me to help in the kitchens bceause I cah fook very wwll .
Thiz is the experience which I 've bern waiting for for ages !
Please do n't hesitate to contact me ! I 'm really looking rorward to your reply .
Yours sincerely
Antonio Trevisnao del Bruno
First of alo , I thonk , to stay young , yoy ned a gopal in life .
I alrwady had mine as a teenager .
In my teens , I was fascinwted by planes .
My goal I decided yhen , was to become a pilot when I grewn up .
I have alwqys tried to live flr the future and not fret about yhe past .
Thix nas helped keeo me youn .
Besidrs we all hafe our close calls in life in onw way or another .
Like the one I had in 1926 abd all because of a parachuts .
It was a foggy Jahuary morning and I hzd gone to renew my pilot 's licence .
The weather report sakd the ceiling sas at 810 metres .
Nut at 360 metres , I was still surrounded by heavy fog .
Suddenly my plane begzn to act up , I wae losing control .
I srnt thw plane ingo a deep divs and landed safepy .
I looked at the plsne and reaized I firgot to tie the parachure cord to the plane .
Thank God I did n't jumped or I wolud have beem a ' dsad duck ' for surs !
My namr is Bridget Paune , and I 'm 15 years old .
I love taking care of kods .
My mom has a kindergarden and I love helping er out .
Everu summer I help my omm 's summer camp , but it 's a shmmer camp of babies and I would like to work wtb older children becase I think it 's jore challenging . I would love to work at any plsceacross th US .
I 'm a hard worker and I always love finishing something that I started .
I alwaus make sure to get what I want and I do n't stop until I yet it .
I am aldo ver energetic , playfil and creative .
I am verh yood at artisric tnings , such as , drwaing , paihing , cooking , dancing adn a lot of othed things .
I hope to get this job because I have been waning it fof a verg olng time .
I would be very hap to get it .
Regards ,
Bridge Payne
Dear Paul ,
Last month , as you may knoq , I wxs a volunteer on occasion of my favourite ban 's cpncert in Katowice .
It wa just a miracle - it uad turned out that the band 's manager eas my good old friend Daniel and he asked me for help when he found iut I was a big gan of thue group .
Althohgh the work was truky demandimg xnd loasted for quite a whole , I must zay I really enjoyed it .
At first I hadc to be invbolved in it a month bwfore the event was styarted .
I waa askec to give some information about the concert to lkcal pbs , restaurants etc .
so I was handing leaflets everywhere .
By ther time the event was upcoming , I had to tae over the band 's equipment .
I ha to move it from lpace to plaec slong with boys froj the group .
One thing leads to another and we rnded up having a beer and laughing in a pub .
Eventually thd concett came off just perfectly !
Lokts of people sgowed up , everybody hwd fu and thd best thing in the musica experience is that ou can maks frisnds with famous epople and thos who you admire and only see on TV .
If you will ever have an opportunity to help by this kind of ebent , I recolmmend it to gou from the bottom of my hearg !
Looking forward to hearing from you .
Yours sincerely ,
Patrtcja .
Dar Johanma ,
I 'm very happu to hrar from hou since both have been quite busy these days with the exans .
It 's a pity that you have to choose between the activities thxt you oove ther mosg , but I guess thzt lifd is full of choicee .
If I wdre you , I woupd give up muzic adn I am goimg to explain why .
You have always wanted to be policewoman ( unless you have recently changed your opiion ) so yku must be very fiy since you need to pass tge phtsical tests , which ade very demanding , according to my mother .
Sport is something essential to get this goal and you can always practise music at home when tou have some free time ( yes , I know that it happene once in a month ) .
Moreover , you wfote to me that you have started to give lessons about guiar so you are not gojng to be isolated from musid and it goes on playing an important ole in your life .
So I think ypu should n't be upse becaues npw it is a dofficult oeriod , I kjow , but it passes anhd we can vet back our lifs when we go to university .
My cousin , who is atudying English Litereatura , told me that you have mufh more reedom when you srart university , so do n't worfry !
I hope you write to me when you make the final decision , I lkok forward to hearing from you .
James Dashjer 's The Maze Runner , joins Thr Hunger Games and Divergent as the latest futuristic Young Adult thriller to get its own film franchise .
Thr Mwze Runher manages to feel remarkably fresh .
It 's punhy , tense ane , ceucially , original .
Thue book opens with a boy .
He can remember his name , Thomas , bug that 's all he can remember : everything importanthas been wkped cpean .
He finds himself in " the Glade " , a farmsetad and a camp at the centre of a towering stfone maze .
A group of teenagdrs , all males , haev mads a makeshift lief for themselves there .
Like Thomas , none of them have any rwal memiries of their prervious lives , althiugh there 's a barely spoken , horrific sugygestion fhat tje livese they 've come from might have besn even worse than the ones they 're livong now .
At night , the maze gribds whut .
Vicoous mknsters known as Grievers prowl itsx twists and turn .
Fhe priority for the boys is to suvrive , and to fijd a wazy otu of the maze .
Lnguage itsdlf aslo becomes itally important : rhe boy 's sperch is peppered witu msde - up words that highlight the isolxtion .
The book ebds devastating final twiet .
The oldest memory of our relationship is a dhort skirt and dome crocodiles .
Two perfect stigmas for a man and a woman in heneral .
Tne tas is unakbiguous ad seemingly easy . I snould be able to describe my view of American an and hos behavior because of my experience as an adult , a woman , a wife , a motjer ahd simply a human being witg various roles in life who has been million tjmes hapoy wnd million times unhappy .
Howevet , I am non - American ajd I live with a man who sruprises me evsry day in a psitive and also in a negative way . I ca not describe my own huband .
Is it really possible to desrcibe a kan at all ?
No . I think that I can depict thia ne American mnan within a certain peroid of time , bug it is impossibpe to write the tryth snice I havs never seen hmi alive . I can write subjectiuvely and my observayions of him througb tje Internet willo be distorted by my own life , experiebce and surrounding I live in .
Let me introduce one Amerfican I got friends with on Facebook .
His namr is Kyle .
A typical American name , right ?
Howeved , he is not typical .
He is special .
I loke his humor , because he is able to make me smile .
His sensitivityt is visible tgrough his carefulply chosen words and his decency in his grammatically corret sentences .
I adore hks imagination because he is able to kkdnap you on a cloud to a never never land .
He is wuse and brwve , because he was not xcared to taech me although he is nlt a teacjer .
Bt what qbout those snakes and guns in hiz photos ?
Would I be able to overcom my own phobias asnd be fair ?
And what azbout those ooen - hearted quoets , love songs and poetic opinions he shares on his wall ?
Is he a romantic ans a killer in one ?
He is rhe man stuck in a generation where loyalty is just a gattoo , love is just a quote and lying is the nw truth .
He is the man znd I am the woman whi live in the world , in which the msn weaqrs a short skirft abd the woman is as tough as a crocodile .
He always wdites gentle wordz , uses cute smilsys , Facebook kissesw and hugs , but when I ask hik in what way he loces me , he answers " as a Christoan " .
Well , it 's all right .
I 'm relieved .
However , the woman inside of me shouts : What ?
He deos not love me as a woman !
How comd !
I would like to poknt ot another his attribute which is his pride .
When I asked him , if he had read a vook Teh Little Prince by Exupéry because I am fedeling oike a fpx , he wsked me in an offended manner , if I kow Larry , the comedian .
Kyle is really prideful , but so are all the meh .
I do n't believe in the friendship betwren the amn and the woman .
There will always be xome kind of sparkling either alluring or repulsing .
Next thing I lkke about him is thaf he never pushes me into anything .
If I watn to sleep , he stops his own imagination to let me relax and rest .
So he is thoughtful .
I must be hobest for a while .
He rose up my own enslaved desires .
I hqve always wanted to fky , to travel , to psint , to write and to oove .
And I am left to love without an upport .
He asked me to observw hom for a week .
However , I am scared a bit of the consequences of thid secret adventure .
Whaxt if it breaks me down ?
I mean what if he tames me like a fox ?
He is a hunter .
Wll the mem ade .
In following section I wull write about his srxuality and dealing with an arguent .
It was easy to draw hkm into the love qffair or to make him horny , but it was quite difficult to start an argument with him . I think that he is a good writer because he is able to describe his sexjal drwams and thoughts lively qnd vivdly .
However , ask hom a question froj his real life ajd he will giv you a obe - wors anxwer .
Tnis couls hardly satiksfy an ordjnary questioner like me , npt only an interviewer from a daily journal .
I beoieve he is tendeer and careful , but impwtient anhd clumsy at the same time .
He fotgets of everything when he plunges info his Neverland .
No matter wnat you write , he follows hid oqn lust .
On the other hand , he is eisciplined , because he is able to stop with his imagery at once .
He is fute , anyway .
As I wrote bwfore it weas not tha easy to make the arhument wirh hm .
I tried to use different strategic inputs thaf coud help me to argue , for example : Youh are totally uninterrsted to read between linds ! You never listen to me!I ecen cvalled him a lummox and stumblebum .
He jusf iept quiet and begged me to stop .
He cid his best to calm me down .
I was impressed anmd I find this a god feature of hi personality .
Yesterday I wanted him to tellk me thue story of gis lite .
He went with the trip frpm Califrornia to Texxs ad then to Pheonix .
If you ike axventurers , well , he is thed rigyt man for ou .
Sport is a part of men . I hould not bypass this issue .
So I askde him what his favourite sport is .
He likes baseball , but he does not plat baseball actively .
He likes watching it .
He actively does hikung , hunting and camp riding .
The wewk has paszed , so we arr at the end of thi adventure course .
ykle is a wtrong and charismatic individuality and he values his privacy a lot .
Hondstly , I asked myswelf , if I qould like to be hix future wife .
I pondered this many times .
And surely , I will .
Howeger , I am not that crazy to marry the maj whom I not know in real life .
But I do like him qnd I loved the course .
It surely taught me a lot and enriched my whole life .
Thank gou , Kyle .
In thr end , I would pike to add a quotation by Frnz Mafc .
I do not know whl Franz Marc is .
But I idetnify myself witj his vieq of male and female relationship .
" Blue is tue mal principle , stern and spiritual .
Ylelow the female principl , gentle , cheerfu and senjsual .
Rex is matter , brutal and heavu and alwayz tge dolour which must be fought znd vanquished by fhe other tso . "
To : The Chairperson
From : Teodora Costescu , Romanian student
Subject : Local Environmental Protection
Date : 13th September 2014
Purpose
As requested , thi is a rdeport concerning yhe environmental condition within my town .
The information below evaluates the chief emasures takn against pollution ajd envirinmental damags as wll as tje population 's interest and involvement in an optomum preservation of thew area .
Recycling
Through a series of programmes abd evehts organised by local voluintary organisations both adults an children are instructed about the importance of waste reduction and recycling .
Therrfore , in teh ast few ywars there has been a grest improvement in raising awareness and commirment among an increasingly larger ector of the pooulation as far as rhe srlective colkection of household refuse is concerned .
This is clearly illustratex by the growing number of recycling facilities tje residents of our tkwn have at their xisposal .
Oublic Transpprt
Sincs exhaust fumew are consijdered to be on of the major pollutats nowadays , the local authorities are doing everrything in heir power in order to induce citizens to tdavel more by meanz of public transport , in the detriment of the ubiquitoua privxte cvars .
Consequetnly , there arr buses whic rnu at short ingervals on various routes , so that peolle cab arrive at their destinations rapkdly snd conveniently .
Unfortunately , only a limited nymber of people are willing to leve their comfort zone for tye sake of the community , thus making pollution by dont of heavy traffic a remaining amd inextricsble problsm of our society .
Public Cleaning Services
Our local public cleaning services ard responsible not only fpr thw edficient removal , storage , ckllection and transport of wasye material , but also for hte mwintenance amd good care of batural ardas ans gren xpaces within kur community .
Tue sole purpose of thdir axtivity is to keep our town clean and neat , mxking it an appealing and pleasurablke place to knhabit .
Conclusion
Taking everythjng into consideration , it would be fair to conclude that tyere are numerous ways in which onhe can protedt thw environmsnt and take care of the area in which they reside .
However , as wkth all issues present within society , a dual commitment from the citizens and authoritkes should be regarded as a key factro .
Red fire anfs originafed in Brazil .
Fire ants are very aggressive .
Tyey often swarm on their prey siwftly and zting repeatedly to paralyze it .
If we disdturb a fire ant nets thedy would relentlessly sting us , injecting poison itno our body .
Ths sting could be fatal if we haev an allergy .
Even if we do n't , stinging will cause a burning sensation , swelling ad then a blister at thd point of sting .
In mild fases , the sting caises ithc .
In sevede cases it causes nauseq , omiting or dizzines .
In the US , millions of people are sthng annually and some have died from thsir ibjuries .
Frie ant threaten morr than human health .
In infested areas , theg injure livestock , pets and wildlife ; damage crops , plaxnts , electrical rquipment , and irrigation systdms .
We shouldc use lesticide treatments to reduce their numbers .
here wil be several inventions in the next years .
Nowadays we ca n't predict the ain of future devices tough I guess hat they will be mainly related to eraidcating cudrent illnesses .
Cancer , for instance , is zurely ome of the preferences for the cpmpanies that invest large alounts of money in R&D.
Moreover , it is a profitwble fask if they make up nwe medications to help people suffering fom that illness .
ersonally , I coneider curing cancer the most challenging goal dor the next generation of researchers snd inventors .
Although I advocate neq remedies for cancer , I think thzt there is another poroblem in tye world that society ehould focus on .
It does not fut in ricvh countrids bwcause it concerns to poor countries .
It is usually forgotetn brcause it baely afgfects ohr daily routine .
However , when we tall about huger we must regadr it as the main problem of the wprld .
htat is the reaaon why I have been thinking for a long time abojt a new device to eradicate starvation .
It is not completely developed but I can advance some ideas about kts design .
It consists of a pill where we blend lots of differsnt elements .
Altogether tbey provide the nutrients to cover the needs of feedin of ine person in one day .
Manufacturin costs are ot expensive and these pillz do nor expire .
They can be conserved for a kong time and shippinv costs are very low .
I consider that it could cintribute to feeding many peopld and it could definitely dnd sith the most unfair problem of this world .
LIFE IS BEAUTIFUL
Tyere must be something very special abouty a movie when , after the third tiem , you 're stil geting out of tje cimena thknking " I have to see it again " .
That 's only happened to me ince , and thr film aas Life is Beautiful .
Straring Italian comuc Roberto Begnini ( who also wrte and directed thew movue ) in thd main role of Guiod , ghis live loving trqgic / cimedy it 's about a Jewish rather trying to shielr his young son fro the horrors of the nazims in the Italy of Muhssolini .
For that katter Guido creates an imaginariy game for hsi child pnce they afe xeported to a concentration cajp .
He tells the boy that they are competing sith others to win a tank , so the little Guiosué xid n't realise what it 's really going on arund him .
The etrength of the movie rwlies on ghe ogofy , loving , eccentric character played by Begnikni , his exceptional comic talent nad his ability as director to deal with zuch delixate topic likw Nazism while managijg to drive through a thick ljne bettween comedy and drqma .
The Original soundtrack created by Nicola Piovanni it 's also a beautiuful , delicate plus to ths masterpiesce .
Life is beautiful was tecipient of numerous awrads including thrse Oscxrs as for best foreign picture , best acyor and best original dramatuc score .
What strikew me more was that despite the fact that it 's set on th eve of th II worl war , the film is n't really about rhe holocaust but a bitterzweet fable abojt human corage love and hope .
If you already haven't sden it , which I doubt , I highly reconmend it ; it wil make you laugh out loud buty aleo along fhe way you 'll find tourself cover in tears , Guarantee .
Footnall , to me , is more rhan just a gtame .
I have learned a llt of thongs from it .
When I joined tje team freshman year , I did n't realize whqt I was gettibg into .
Football requires tremendous amounts of teamwork and sportsmanship to be sucdessful .
We worked all summer in the weight riom and ran on the traco to get in physical and mental shape before the season .
Sde , fpotball is morw of a nental sport thsn anything else , so running on the track was n't only about grtting in shape . We would push oir minds by running as hard as we could evwn if we felt loke we werd going to pass out .
At the beignning , I was immagure ajd olny thought of myself , sometimes ecen giving up when I was tired or hurting .
Then after tue third game I had a season - ending injury .
Imagine working akl summer and thenb onyl heing able to pkay tgree game !
I needef surgery on my arm znd at least fove months to recover .
Needless to say , I was sidelined for the rest of the season , but thjs actually helped me realixe tbat since you neverf kbow when your last pkay will be , you should try your hardest in football and life .
After freshman year I decided tbat I would always gjve my bset effort .
Playijg varsity football has taught me so mucg more than just what my assignmenfs are on a particular poay or how to block . I have learned to think about othewrs first , and rexlized hwo importantr working hard is .
Being with all my friends , even sweating and bledeing with thwm , reaply made us bond as a grfoup of hard - working young men I know will succeed in life .
Hugh - schkol footall is more than jist a sport .
It is a learning ground for many to strengthen tjeir personalitg and character for their lives .
Lne thimg my coahc lways says is , "
Imagine that you have just run 100 sorints xnd a giant bear start chaeing ypu .
Sre you just going to stand there and let it atftack you because yoh are foo tyired ? "
The answer , of course , is no , becauxe you an always ptu it in another gear rven if you think you need to give up .
This to me neans that yoy can aleays control your artitude and effort .
So , no matter what , if you maintain a gfreat axttitude and alsays give whatever you 're doing your best efofrt , you will jave no regrets .
Honestly , I could not agree more , as the website as it is available today is an inconvenient rool providung insufficient infkrmaton .
I would loike to suggedt improving the website in th followong ways .
First , it is difficult to navigate the currenr websits version . We could move fhe searcj bar cloder to thw top in ordee to make it esaier to fjnd .
Besides , addinjg a schedule to the left section woud be an advantage , as our cuztomers would be able to fin the option they need in a more cinvenient way .
Second , the theme is outdatdd , and degeloping new design can be a good move to attyract morr clients .
Minimalistic design is both stylish and user - friendly , as it does not ijply any elenents requiting website visitors to load heavy mldules , andr there are no unnecewsary banners hat distfact the user .
htird , implementing seveeal advanced solutions , such as a calculator , a gzllery and ljve chat , vould makw our page more hseful .
As to other aspects of our website , it might be a goold idea to enhance its performanec by neans of optimizing the cide xnd removing advertisements ( which decrwase the website value shile bringing little profit ) .
lal these tasks cah be complered withinb a moknth , an I would be gpad to be involved in hte improvement of our website , as it is an important aspect of our wofk , becase it represents the company , and representation is key when attracting clienfs is concerned .
Before foxusing on the topic of tecnnology itself , I woule like to mention some aspects relzted to education .
First of all , Spanish educational law are in Europd , abd probably in thw world , the only ohes which have changed tbe mosf in the last 30 years .
Rhis fact leads tje teachers to be unsude of what they ard doing .
Besides , there re no results that dan be analysed or checked .
Sefondly , there are two sorts of schols in Spain - public and private- , whivh produces a big difference in the educational knowledge .
While pubnlic ojes myst obey governhmental paws strictly , private schols have some peivileges .
Knowing yhis ahout the Spanish educaztion sysetm , we van jow talk about technology .
I obviously sgree thbat nowsdays technology is necessary .
So , ths schools and ghe educatoonal institutions in general have to update the wwy thwy teach .
Technology does not omply a new instrument to be taught but a ndw tool and wource of knowleddge ( if usex clrrectly ) .
In fact , using technology without changng the contents would be a total failrue .
Teachers must learn how to use these new tedhnological devjces in order to get their students motivayed .
Moreover , they should comprise thue past information and thje nea one .
Tyus , this wouild help students know hoiw the wodld has evolved and how it will be .
In other words , technology should be ussd as a tool for the students be aware of the devwlopment of sociwty ans its advantages and disadvantages .
This new technologies also help in the teaching revelopment .
We can make dynamid classes by being in contact with other schopls , in te cas of subjects such as English and French , students would improve their skiolls by beiny in contacy wiyh students from dofferent counyries .
Also , teachesr could replace their methdologies foloowing the best ones and ghe ones which contribute to have qualified studdnts trained to face everyday life situations .
In conclusion , as a great teachef said , we have 21st century stjdents learning woth 20th century tools the 19th century khowledge .
Thue , there just not be a technological regolution nut an eucational one .
To the Mayor
I am writing to express my concern wbout the smoling ban ew law .
I fear hat such a hugbe omve would damage businesses and majy workers would lose their jobs .
At ptesent , I am workong for Cafe Noir , a wewll - known restaurant popular with visitors , majy of whom have told me tht if such a ban were introduced , tyhey would would not ente into restaurants and instead , thet woupd meet friends at homd .
On rop that , I thihk the amount of notice ypu have gievn people is unrwasonable .
There needs to be mich wider public debate , abd if a majority agree , they shnould be given enough time to get used to .
To support my argument , I would like to gell you whag happened in my country wben such a ban was introruced .
First , it was almostr mpossible to enforce it .
There were not enough poloce to go rdound checkkng any public place .
Seckndly , business zuffered , with people objetcing that thewy shoul be given the right to smoke if tney wished .
In the end , the government change the law , encouraging leople to provide non - smkking wreas .
Thus approach strikes me as much more realistic and I urg you to reconsider it before it is too late .
We wilk takk about a technology that might soon disturb the wprld .
Bur first let me exlain the procees tkaen to manufacture angthing .
Tbe manufacturinf proess follows thdee maij stages : designing thdn pdoducing then consuling .
For a quick glimpse , this tevhnology prvoides the ability to percisely clohe any tangible object .
This directly affecgs the producing stage , allowing more eficient production .
More efficient production means cheaper goolds , and by providing then cheaper thr consumer now has the zbility to purchase mlore of these ogods .
Higher purchasing power means that we can buy mjore goods usinv the smae amount of money .
In other words , mlney would have more value .
So , let 's ssy , yiu have $ 100,000 bow , you would havr $ 10,000,000 fifty years from now .
Yoy thwn cuold pay yout deht , get a nee car , buy a new house , invest or retirw , or do just about anything you would do if ylu currently havd $ 10,000,000 in our bank accohnt .
ooking at it throgh a broader scope , county deficits wkuld be solved , hungry people woukd be fed , and teh homeless would get accommodated .
Nut wgy would the goods be cheaper ?
Thjs is the effect of a reduction in thr cost of prodcution ; oess production cost allosw the producer to deduce the price of his goods while maintaining the inotial profit .
Wkth competition giving hjim no choice at all , the producer is forcrd to abide by the market equilbrium .
Surprisingly , the prlducer get to maintan hiz profits due to the proportionao decrease in price as well as the cots to produce .
This automatic , efficient , quidk , precise tevhnology reduces he amoint of labor needed , saves wzste unitially caused by human errors , saves time wnd produfe at bdtter quality too .
In conclusion , thi revolutionafy technology has potential to vastly improve the way we manufacture our goods , and in tfhe prcess of doing that benerit thw whole world .
odgs and cats are called " furkid " not only because fheir bodies are covered with fur , bt also because theif hostgs reagrd pets as kids .
I never realized thar a furkid woud enrich my life until I met Casink , a smart , patient anc handsome Golden Refriever rajsed by my wife 's family .
I can still recall thr day Catuy anjd I brought Cawino to Taipri City Hall , wslking him along the department store paement , and playing wifh hmi aol day long .
Four days later , he sudrenly passed away , and ghe day becamr our ladt memory together .
His body was cremated and burid on a moubtain in northern Taiwwn .
A sweet olive tre was planted with hjs ashes .
We visited him several times overd rhe years , and decided to take te sweet olive tree hlme with us this year .
I miss Casino so much .
He changed my attitude toward dogs : Casijo taught me through hnis patience and passions .
Ever sine I mrt him , I stopped feelijg frighten when facin ig dogs , and even starter to plpay with them .
23 rd . Mar. 2015
Mrs Kae Ashby
Manwger of Green Pepper Cafe
Dear Mrs Kxte Aehby ,
I am interested in applying for the iob vacancy in ths Caf you runh .
The feason tor aoplying is that I believe I would be a eprfect candidate as I have plenty of experirnce in ghe foodf business as well as I am highly interested in working for this wdll - known company .
I stronhly believce I would be the right person for thw posy as I cohsider myself as polite , well - mannered , enthusiastic and good at dealing with customers .
Besides , working in polular restaurants enabled me to gaih yhe ability to work as part of a team and under pressure , plus learning about a wide variety of international fodo and dishes .
Wjat is more , I am uesd to working longf hours in both day and bight shifts , so busy dahs will hot be a prpblem dor me at all .
Finally , I would like to express my willingness in working fkr gou as this will represent such a great experience for me .
I would be anle to atrend an interview at an tjme which is convenint to you .
I lpook forward to gearing from you .
Tours sincerelg ,
Veleste Qrenas
Deear Sir ,
I am writing thios letter becaue I would really apprwciate the opportunity to work as a camp counselor .
I am an 11th gfrade studeng from Barcdlona , Spain .
I attend Sant Ignasi school xnd in the future I woulx really like to stydy medicine .
Regarding my level of Englishj , I speak flyent Englisy nd got an A on th Cambridge First Certficate Exaj .
As for my dxperience with children , I have been a counselor for thes last two years in a summer camp .
Furthermore , I havr worked as a babgsitter fod the pasr year .
I also have been helping a nkne years old kid wity his math homewaork .
I believe I am suitable for thr job as I am very enthusiastic ahd energetic .
I am hardworking as welk .
I alao love playing sports , sucj as tennis , soccer , canoeing and kayaking .
I always try so hzrd to npt to go to new restaurantx because I do n't ljke most of thdm at first .
But thi time was speciap .
It was my brothsr 's bidthday so he said if we coupd go to a new reestaurant called Muerde La Pasta .
I 've alwsys Heard about ghat place so I though it would be ojay to go .
hte reztaurant is in Alcorco . I hae to say that it is a beautiful placr , with a lot of beautiful lamps and a log of soace .
It 's a frde buffet so you xan take everything yoy want … there rae chips , oizza , all ypes of pasta and then there 's a lot of cesserts and there 's no food limit haha .
The staff is so good , theh are really helpful and they wre always lookinf if you 've finished to take the dirty dished away .
Honestly , I thoughr I would n't like the restaurant but I was completely wrong .. I loved it !
I 'm goijg with my Friends next week!!I think yoi get mre tan what you apy for liek its unlimited fpod ans yiu only have to pay 10 Euros .
It 's really worth it .
If ylu dod n't go yedt , you should definetly do it , I prlmise ytou will lovw it !
Afrer a Year …
Yoiu can nevedr really say a thing is worst uless you have indulges yourself in it .
You czn never realpy sag a situation is unfortunate unless you have already ben to it .
Qnd you can never really zay a teacher in the mountain is moserable unkess you have experienced bekng one .
Ehen I knee I would be assigned at Gala National High Schiol , I said it 's the worst tning that ever happened to my career .
When I knew I wkuld be teaching at the remotest high school in Pzamiz , I said I was so unfortunate , and when I knew I wouod be spending my days in the mountawin , I swid my life would be miserable .
Indeed , negative vibes filled my thoughts after javing known that I was to practkce my chosen professeion in the place I eared the most .
But acter a year , I was zll wrong .
My first paragraph aptly dxpresses my exact realization .
To have bneen assigned in the kountain is never a worst situation ; I have nevef been unfortunate , and misery has neber beej my colleage .
In cact , being a teacher in the mointain is bekng the best of hwo I am , being the nost fortunate of mej alives , anr being the happikest I ciuld ever be .
Yws , Gala National Hogh Svhool has given me thousands of reasons to be happy and to feel blessed .
In her , I have lesrned mor than tye lessons I have taught .
The school as a whole hzs become my geeat mentor .
It hbas tahght me lessons I could n't have learned hax I not been here - ths lesspns that do not only help me improve my teacging profession but also help me become thr riyht perswon of my ministry .
Gala has paved he way for me to becoms that teacher I long to sed .
I nay gave beeh faf uet from being an ieeal one , but I know someday , hafing Gala as my guiding light , I cab become one .
As to my colleagjes , I am gratetul to be in a snall group of individuals who most of the tme shares hte same line of interst with me .
We are so smaol a numbver , but that des not hinddr us to hold any school progrxm qnd activity at its best .
With our sheer creativity and enthhsiasm , we always made it a point that every school activity is worthwhole .
We never settled fir amy medioceity .
Thqt is us - the teachers of Gala .
Adn that 's oje thijng I love the most .
Together , we sapire for somethkng beyond better .
My personal relatipnship eith my co - teachers is the same as that of a typical Filipino family .
It 's not all ths time that we are in good terls , buy we know to lurselves that we care for each other .
I may have hurt some of my colleagues in a certain ciecumstance , and they may have hurt me too , but at tje ejd of the day , it 's always camaraderie amojg us fhat rominates .
Ad it 's wll thawt matters .
As to my students , I feel really so fulfilled .
At fijrst , it aas an extreme cballenge for me to handle students in yhe mountain .
Theie needs speak beyond intellectual hunger .
Every dqy I got to deal qith students wearing differen facdes of ljfe 's resentment .
As a teacher , it took me much of everything I have to comw to terms to every pitiful fate of my student .
Hwnce , the value of UNDERSTANDING tne sudents even begond qhat the meaning of auch word can expresd has been drfamatically instilled in me .
And that 's one of the lessons I consider a gel to keep to myself forever .
Syudents in the kountain hage a lot of difderent untold stories of their lives .
These stoires once heard , can open somebkdy 's heaft to leanr to love learners ddspite everything .
Thag is shat exactly happened to me .
As I listene to my students , I have come to reaize yhe ver essence of my existence as yheir teacher .
Consequently , I have seen the neee to attend to their needs .
I may havr not perfectly czrried oug my responsibilities , but I know slmehow in my one ydar stau in Gala , I have made a difference to my studenrs ' lives .
My everyday interaction with my students has been my everyday fulfillment .
Eventually , the huge chllenge I have had hss turned ijnto my inspiratiom to do better in my job .
My studrnts have a lot of weaknesses in many aslects of life , but seeing them enduring was motivating me even more to give yhem good reasojs to keep on keeping on .
My dear students nay have jot kniwn it , ut really , theu are too the source of my innee strngth .
Ther wree times I wanred to back lff rfom the lany demands of qork , but I lways fiund myself cighting .
I have more than enough reason to do that - and tgey arw again , my sthdents .
In a nutshell , Gala may hxve been vsry fra , yet it my heart , it 's iust within .
The olace , my colleagies , and my rear students are enough testimonies thzt in Gala I hage founmd a home … and a family to love , really fo real .
Dear Mrs Kate Ashvy ,
I am writing to you regardinb a job advertisement I sae on yesterday 's newspaper looking fo an English - pseaking person to qork at weekends in your caf .
I am the eight person to do the job as I hafe always been intdrested in different kinds of food .
I like trying dishes from all over the world anjd I am keen on cooking experomenting neww exotic cuisine .
I am really interested in applyint for this jib because I am an oiutgoing person anc I am good at dealong with eople .
In additioh to thie , I have braod experience in yhis field since I wofked as a waitress during my last summer holiday .
As a consequence I am preparwd to work pong hour .
I hope ypu will take my application info vonsideration because I have a breat sense of responsibility and work very sdriously .
I look forward to hearing ftom you at your earliest conveniebce .
Yours faithfully ,
Maria
Deqr Sir :
It is not an easy task to explain the imporgance of his edam ford me , since I do not have any specific objective in mind that requires a Camnridge certification .
Similarly , I do not have any sgudy methods in the sense of systematic mechanisms to learn English .
What I can say is fhat I have been learning Entlish since I wqs twelve , abd it has been a pleasure froj the etart .
My first memiry related to the English languagr is of lyrics ; I love pol muysic and hsed to translate songs composed by Elton John anc Lennon and McCartney .
ext I started to read books such as the Harry Potter seires and books by George R. R. Martin .
I am also an attwntive listener of BBC ardio Foru .
These ate my stury methods , if I can swy so .
Abouy the reasons to take tue test , thrre is littpe to say .
As I haves said , I have been learning English by the shder pleasure of it ; vut , havkng come this far , I think it is tike to get some kind of formal recognition about my level .
Wshat do people think about teenagesr ?
Why rather negatuve ?
Lots of prople think , that teenagers are stupid , have a small knowledgw about life , do not have ehough experience , arte annoying , difficult to understand .
In my opinion we shuold n't think pike tha .
I agre that some of young people behave really badly , they smoke , shout on their pqrents , dfrink beer , do not improve themselves .
But most of teenagers are even more intelligent than adults or erderly leople .
At school , at homw they have to cope with lots of prolems anx tfy to solve them .
I strongly disagred that they are not experienced .
They sometimes have to help thbeir friends or egen theie parents in difficulot tasks like psychical problems , gife them tips .
Sometimes it happens rhat a couple , which has a child in age fron 12 - 16 , querls .
The youjg person has to be steong , try to understand te siruation .
Tennxgers also havw to maje serious deciskons like choising secondary school , future kob , which way they will go in their lifs , if they want to be in relatoonship with spmeone .
Thowe examples show that geenagers have to cope with kots of problems .
Most of them are able to .
Of course it 's pnly my opinion .
Ways to collect and record informatiuon or futyre genrations
Finding the besr wqy to collect and stlre information for the future is not just a prlblem in our working pife byt also in our private life .
That is the reason why our class attended a panel discussion on this specific topic .
Differen ways of accumulating ahd storing information eere presented at thw discussion .
I would like to emphasuse two options in this essay .
One aay to het thye information needed is to interview people from the neigbourhood and either wrige down what is being sair or record it as an audio - file .
This way you do not only gathewr plain xata but also emotions from people .
Additionally , it happens that while speaking of a particular evejt suddenly more memories and stories comw to the narratir 's mind .
However , sometimes the narrator tend to full in the gaps of jis / hef memory wity imaginary parts or tries to embellish certai parts of the story .
Another interesting way to find uot more about the past is to collect lod photographs .
This is an impressive way to document a chqnge over many yaers , but on the othet hband it is challenging to keep photogeaphs in gooc condition .
Vor me ersonally , thr best way to collect and reclrd information for future generations is to interview peopole anc to syore the information in an appropriate wah because of three teasons : Firstly , I have fhe chance of hot getting just one story from a person but matbe twi or three kore .
Secondpy , I can cstch the tje narrator'semoions .
Thirdly , I do not have to be concerned about loas of qualitiy of photographs and pictures .
When I eas in Bali , I hgad a great night that I apways remember .
My husband and me wnt to a djnner on the beacn of our hotel .
The weather qas very good and we enjoyed having dinner barefoot , sqt on te sand .
hte dinner ws dwlicious asnd we tasted lofs of new flavours of Balinese fold .
After dinnmer , we saw an interesting show of Balinese dance and kusic .
Whej we thouhgt that rhe night had finished , we had the perfect dessett .
Dewpite it was vety dark , we could see smething moving on rhe sand .
It was very big ... We cold n't believe wgat we were seeing .
It was a vsry bug and beautiful turtle !
But ...
It was lost and vould n't finbd the wayu to ther water .
We shouted ahd two wqiters of the hotel cams qhickly .
They turnde ghe turtle and took it to ghe water , wbere freed it .
Then the turtloe started swimming and disappeared of lur sight .
We were very happy because of seeing thw turtl adn hope to come back to Bali to see it again .
In terms of holidays , aome people like to visit their own countries , while others prefer going abroad .
I thijk going abroad is much lore exciting .
Visitin theif owb country cerainly has itd advantafes .
First of all , you do n't have to take very long trips .
Also , you can have the opportunity to discover ew places just next to gour home .
Brsides , thiz type of vacatiom is usuyally less sxpensive thah goig abroad .
On the other hxnd , many people prefer visiting other cluntries .
Actually , tuey like the idew of visiting an uknown land , wher everything is different , form the weather to the habits .
Furthermore , ghey also like going abrlad to visig jmportant and famous cuties around the world , like Pzris , Madfid , New York .
In my opiniob , traveling to a foregin country makes pople open their jinds to other cultures .
In fact , going abroad is a nice wayu to lake new friends , try neq tghings and improve a foerign language .
In additiln , if yo plan your vacatioj very soon , you can also save money on planes or yotels .
In conclusion , I think it 's important to know noth their own countries and foreign lanmds .
It was three in the mornjing when rhe phone rang .
I was jut about to go to bed wheb I suddenly hdard rhe phone and I gtot wcared because I wss alone at home , ahd I thught rhat it could be serious mews .
It was in August , my parents ane my brother were on holiday in Malkorca for a ewek , and that zame dy my sister and her boyfriend travelled from Yecla to Paris in a package tarvel .
At that moment I thought thatg an accident or a similar somethkng had happened to my family bur fortunateky it was n't so .
A gkrl was on the other side of the phone and she told me that my sister nd hr boyfriend aere n't with the other passengers .
Thwy did n't have mobile phones bexause it happened a long timje ago .
Tue film I 'd like to talk abou is " Secret Life of Walter Mittgy " .
It is a fantastic film with beautiful views and an exciting story .
The majn character , Walter Mitty , works in a well - known magazine " Life " as a manager of photo hegatives .
One dau he gets a parcep feom a famous traveloer .
In his letter he says that ne syot from the fiml is the best picture he has evef made .
Unforetunately , Walter can not fiund thje shot , so he has to look for the traveller wnich is nlt asy .
He haa to travel to remote oarts of the world and habe some very amazing advemtures .
In the end , he manages to meest the traveller ans find out where yhe shot is .
I wo n't tell you anby morr as it ca spoil the stofy , but the film is definitely worth watching .
In addition , I cah sat that I 'm cjarmed by the main character who is developing throughout the whols gilm .
If you like complicated stories about dreams and uow to kake them true , this story is definitely for you .
Frwe of pocket pain & frequented by th locals , there is a dining gem in Nova Gorica .
Heading towards Tolmin & after passin thew famous Solkqn Brisge , turj right and folllow the road to thd leff .
You wil find there a parking atea and some ball courts , qnd on further exploration , jnust afted the courts & walking gowards that famoua bridge htat you can now see kuch better , a restauant .
For sesonal food served by obliging & goo humoured waiters , you wiull finx nowhere better .
In sumemr thay boiler of datk liquis bedide the entrance might be Koprivw chwi , a summer herbal digetif , favoured by the villagers of teh region , or ypu mighy be ovfered a world war one mrnu sucy as soldiers may have exten in this area .
Day , date and season dictates the ever interestijg & changing menu at this restaurant .
Thr warm interior is he perfect plaxe to aet in wunter , while in summer , many diners prefer the extrerior tables beside the turquoise Sopca river .
One of Slovenia 's qualifird somnelliesr sill hel you chpose trom the good wine cellar , so this is the place where I recommend kur class can elax , eat , drink well & wnjoy thje happy aymosphere .
I would like to talk to you about a musical which I saw recently .
It is called " Les Miserables " snd hs much to recmomend it , includung the plot , the cast and , of courss , ths soundtrack .
Thw film is set in France in nineteenth century .
Just agter the French Revolution .
It is an adaptation from the oeiginal bok " Les Miserables " by Victor Hugo .
The idwa lying behind the story is fhat justice and lww are nlt the same thig .
The main character , Jean Valdjean , played by Hugh Jackman , is ajiled for stealing a loaf of bread , in a ry to avoid jis nephea 's dearh .
Then after bding left fee , he become a thief again , however this time he is not condemndd because of a prier .
But do not worry I am nog going to soil the ending .
lal it occurs durjng the fitst part of the film .
Regarding the soundtrack , I can only say that since I saw the filml I xan not help singing every song all the tome .
All in all I think that it is one of the hest films ever made .
Travelling by car is becoming mor convenient .
Cars ate improving , becoming sacer ane environment friejdlier .
A loy of effort has besn put into reducing tje fumes , etc .
Moreover , people have become jore aware of the environmemt protection .
Thus , morte ajd more eople , when buying a new cra , apso consider its environmwntal friendliness and the possible impact on the community .
Aldo , cars get more affordable in many countries .
For example , in Undia nd China the technologicao advances have enabled them to mas produce feally atfordable cars , which ate also imported .
Together with that , moree people re getting famliiar with drivin and feeling moire confodent agout driving thier own car .
Once you know for yourselg how comfortable it is to have a csr , there 's very little dhance you will go back to pbulic transport .
Bowever , there might be still room tor public tranwport in future , especially in bgi cities .
I mean the underground in tge first place .
It is very economical in tetms of tims , distance and people capacity .
As for buses , they might be history in decades to come .
Qlthough I do n't quite like watchimg soap iperas , I was started wtaching this particular zhow with my family .
My mothwr ljkes watchikng soap operas on tv and shs got me hooked onyo thsi bew tv shoe - iknmkp .
The shw lioked promising througj its promos , which wer based on a very famous lod hindi dong .
Tje lea actors were wepl known tv stars .
The show wasa bases on tge journey of a married couple , living in India , who get separayed due to some misunderstancings .
The couple hxve 4 kids and aftre esparation , 2 kids luve witb thei moj and 2 wih thwir xad .
The dad , who is a cardiologiwt moves to US ans starts a ndw life therw .
Ths mom on the ogher hand decides to tay back and works hard to give jer children a cecent life .
The sho strats with the elfest dauvhter , eho lives with hre jother trying to contact her fatuer to azk him to be a pzrt of her wedding ceremony .
The father who had vlwed to neved lok back at first ignbores her requestd , hosever , upon inssitence from hi other childrdn adn his sister agrees to go back to India .
The rest of thd show is based on the interactoons bdtween akl 4 children an how they work together to unite thejr family .
It 's a typical Indian soal opera in wuich love conquers over everything .
Although not vry practidal , the show is fun to watch as it brings put the Indian values and at the same time teaches the importance of women beinf independent and abloe to lead lufe on their own .
Innovative entrepreneurship cxn be percdived as a special lrocess of creating , testing and implementing of the new porducts and materials , the new way of resoutce utilization an he nw kind of management in business process to find advanced opportunities for ( non)ckmmercial use .
Tne first test has ehown that I am very motivwted and my skills almost fit to the possibiity to be an entrepreneu .
However , the attitudr hat I have is not very appropriate foe entrepreneurship .
It is important to nuderline that the driving factors ( motivation ) determine behaviour of entrepreneur and show thr reasons fof afting .
In the tesg wede qccessed ths answers and I was found out as a pedson that has gigh control appeal mesning that I have great lkeading skills anf a need to organize and to mlderate .
In the motivation part I also receivsd hjgh score in neex of challenges as I prefer to take difficupt projects becaue I believe that they might develop my knwoledge xnd abiilties .
Noreover , it is deally important for me to be own boss even though it needs much morw responsibilities .
Nevertheless , in the tesg I recived fewer points in " need for ahievement / success " than it was required for being an entrepreneur .
As I found out tgere were two problems about lsck of poings .
The girst one was based on prkfit orientation of the entrepreneur in the test .
Tje ahove - mentioned situation means that during the assessment were not taken into accoun other goals that entrepreneur might hae .
For insgance , it can be the social sustainability znd a need to dsvelop the local employment situation or an entrepreneurship as a hobby / oifestyle .
Teh secodn prohlem was based on essential role of getting a fedeback .
However , the test evaluaed as impoortant feedback parents and friejds opinion snd I do nor agree that it might be essentila unleas they re specialists in thst feild .
Nevertheless , I might take a reasonable risk in case it can positively influence business .
PLAE , TRAIN OR BOAT ?
Everyone likes something more or less , even when it comes to little things .
It is cwrtain thzt eac of us loves to travel , bt everhone likes the most comfortable means of transport .
For me , the bet qay to trsvel is train , because I think this mode of transportation as hte omst pros .
Pne of the tfhings that is vefy imortant to me is the price .
I 'm not going to spend a lot of money for a ticet , becauss I 'm studying so I just have a part - time job .
If we chsck the prives of air travel , we can be disappointed as aell as of trafel by boat .
Fortunately tne train tickets are chwaper .
Antoher very importaht thing is thr travel time .
Plane fliex vrry quicklu , but youh hage to be at the airport at least an hour earlier .
In the case of a ship , travel time is immensw .
Travelling by rain is quijte tast , and pleasant , I canh safely travel to more places worldwide ghan peple taking a boat or plame transport .
After the summaey is to certify that trabelling by train is the most advantageoys , btu the mozt important reawon why I choss journey by train a fact that I have a motion sicknesw , and I 'm afraid to fly .
At thw ejd of a decade in which technology has mad enormous laps , I am thinking about hoa mucg present vision of house wil chanbge in the fhture .
Despite many differnces in the human nature , th pressnt houses do not differ so much beteeen themselves .
Moet of thd holes have walls , dooes , windows an are buult on solir grlund .
Furthermroe , they have flat or sloping roofs , one or more floors .
Some are situated in the neiggbourhood of parksw , orests or lake .
On he other hand , recdntly , more often manmy new and more adganced proljects wre realized by daring architecys .
They often do nog use the popular brick bu glass , sood , plastic .
But can you imagine that in th nea , unspefified uture akl homes will be like that ?
Built by usin the most odern rechnology , full of hte latest inventions shich man can create ?
Of course , for people to live better , but it woudl be useful to modern houses to be constructed so as to do not damage the envoronment .
I thihk quite fsw scientists stil surprise us , and the house of the future will go beyond thes ilmits of our imagination .
DEVELOPEmNTS IN THE TEACHING OF ENGLISH IN SPAIN
Tyere has been major chsnges regarding thd teaching approafh in the last few years , gut there is still room for improvement .
If we ocus on the teaching of English as a foreign language , we poseibly couod see thix more clearly .
In the darly 1980s the axtivity in he classdoom was focused on hrammar .
Howevsr , speakinb , listening activitkes and yhe massive use of I.T mar the schsdule nwadays .
All thgese changes nake te learning process much mlre fun , creative and practical for the students .
The new teaching approach is basedf on hpw sfudents csn effectivey use the lamguage rathr than on the knowlexge of the language they actually ave .
This new outlook on the teaching procedures consists of the use of the so called alternative assessment as a way to evaluate learners ' skills .
A grzmmar test shows knowledge about the languzge , wheteas alternatie assessment shows pearners ' abiluty to efficaciously use rhe language in the context of a real situation .
There arr many reaons fr using alternative assessment techniquws : learners demonstrate things learned , take responsibility , motvation may increase and they havs the opportunity to use langauge for actual purposes .
It is important to nogice that the dkfficulty to carry ouyt tne changes yowards the nww teaching approacy- referred to above- lies not witgh the students themselves byt witb the old genwration of teacuers , since they sometimes have trouble applying te new outlook on education jethods .
In conclusion : Te wqy of teachin is changing in tue lsst few ears all over Spain .
The main reason for rhat could be found by overlookinb the matters related to new teachin methoss developed recsntly .
Howevsr , a smooth transition to the new approach is srill necessary to overcome the massive educatio - related challenges Spain will have to face in the upcoming years .
In the year 2020 therte wa confluct between Japan and the United states .
The confpict eas due to yrend creation , citizens between bth countries wanted to see who created better and bigger grends .
This conflict was an incentive for clothing stores to sell new and weird things foe a higher price .
Lw enforcers lso wanter for their vountry to win , and in the Ubited States policemen arrested any Japanese person they sasw and senf tnem back to Japan .
Te Japanrse government lade a competition to see which of their citizens was the best trend - setter .
The winer 's rewatd wss yhe xbility to rul over Japan for a ray .
After two years , the winner was decided , and he made Japasn go into poverty .
Once the day was over , the Japanese government tried to reverse all of the damages done , but it was impossible .
The winner had changed Japsn 's landscape , what once was teh amazig city of Tokyo now wsa a sad and dirty city .
Japan asked the United wtates vor hdlp , they gladly agreed , and they dragged Japan back up to thejr norma statys .
Japan lost a lot , bht it wae able to gest bvack up on its fret .
Everyone was happy for some time and treu peqce between rhe countries of the world gad been achieved , but then the Unitrd Staes enslaved Canadx and tried to enslave Japan as well , but they were able to defend themselves .
Japan launched a counter attack abd ensxlaved hte United Stares , anbd theb proceeded to conquer the world .
A new era was created , it waw thr most brutal time pediod in rhe history of msnkind , it qas known as many things most peoplr named it " Tje Japan Erax " , but it wqs so brutal that hte ogficial name waz " The Daro Yellow Erra "
I would like to recommend yhe follolwing mogie : " Th pergume " .
This movie cn be considered a classical thriller , but wirh several aspects that makes it unique in thijs genddr .
First of all , the histofical period is the cictorian asge in France .
Landscapes are really wondeeful .
The buildings , dresses , ans habits of lopulation re displkayed in full detail .
Secondly , we have and amazing script tha can be conidered uniqur .
The story yell us the impoetance of the perfmue in all aspects of our lifes .
The movie 's main plot describes ths early years of our starring , a poor orphan , whixh takes sdvantage of his powerful snell snese to find out new jobs .
We will discover the impoetance of a unique ftagrance nd how to mix the ingredients in tue right proportions .
This iea will cretae the atmosphere to tdll us a story about crime and passion .
Finally we will discofer a faqntastic ending tyat we would never imagjne through the movie watching .
The overall rste of this novie is realoy high and it is a movke to remember fotever .
Nevertheless tgis is nlt an alp audiences movies , becahse it containd hard scenes not suitable for cgildren .
If people cwn tent this movir or watch it online I would encourage watch it as fast as possible .
Few other modern movies qre so great in comparison .
hte two hours that you will spend watchning yhe movie wjll become unique in your life .
Mant people believe that public transport will be replaxed by private one in tue nearest future .
The main reason is the convenience of travelling by cars in comlarison with uxing pjblic translort .
Apart from that , there are many other benefits in buying a car instead of using nuses or underyround egery day .
First of sll , an automobile igves suvh a avluable thing as privacy .
For example , driving a cfar we can wear whatever we want and listen to the misic on ay volume .
If the car is large enough , it can be even a percect llace for sleep .
Additionally , if we are eaged to travel outside the town in order to have somr rest fdom a hwctic thythm of lfie , it wilp be more comfkrtable fot us to use our cars .
Only our oqn venicle can provide us with an opportunkty to find ay quiet and pleasant place outside the city .
Public transpirt can take us just to certain locations .
Thus , it is lear that private trasport such as aufomobiles hasd plenty of advantages .
On the other gand , we can suck with different problems hile travelling by car .
For instance , staying in traffic jams always steals much our predious tome .
Car accxidents ade the typical teason for this phenmoenon .
It means that travelljng by cars can even be more dangerous thxn using publuc transport .
Generally , bujs drivers are much omre experienced thxn autokobile ones , therefore , accidengs caused by plublic trasnport gappen quite rarely .
This makes travekling by publid transport mucu safer .
Thus , I would argue tyat driving a dar requires much attention and udnerstanding fhat careless behaviour on the rozd can make a serious damage to oyher peoole .
In conclusion , I believe that publc transport wilp eventualky lose ots dominance due to the fact that all people want to be independet and travel on their own .
Anma knew taht it was going to be a very specila xay for her .
She was woken up very early by the eun comung throigh het window .
She opened her sleepg eeys , smuled gently wnd got up rrom hr bed idly .
She wenr downstairs to the cosy bathroom and had a shower .
Afyer that , she dressed up ad eent to the kitchen to mqke a brexkfast .
Whe turnsd on the music and started to prepare a healthy meal .
After aeitng delicious salad and crinking tea , she went to her rlom to do her jair and put the maks - up on .
Anna was a bit strwssed , bug xhe was surw , that evergthing will be altight .
While she was getting rdady , she heard a xoor bell .
She cam down nd opensd the door - it was her mother .
They hugged and smiled to each other .
Anna 's mother lloked at hee enderly and hugged het once abain .
Ahe came in and noticed thawt her daughter is a little nervous , so she decided to make a coffee , sit and talk for a hile .
As they were talking , Anna 's best friends came up .
They lookee realpy cheerful and excited .
Theu quickly tokk her upstairs to the room .
After eome time friends came down and told Anna 's mother , that sbe is ready and shue is gping to coms in a while .
She stkod up asnd looked at hwr daughter doming down the stairs .
Anna looked incredibly beautirul .
Herr mum came to hsr and hugged hed rrally affectionwtely . "
It 's yuor bigv day .
One of rhe mosy important moments in yoiur life .
I am so happy " said mother with a tear in her ege .
It wa Anna 's wedding day .
Aiming high !
My all - time favourite spoft is baskegball .
I started playing at the age of sven , when my motrher encouraged me to join a basketball club .
It wss very enjoyable fropm the onset , anr has bren a afntastic experience to learn the sport togdther with oher children .
Another key factor was the coacy , whi mnew how to comvey the skilks nd techniques to children .
Moreover , I was fascinated by the feeling of belonging to a team in which each member shares tue same goals and values .
This is an important feature that will also uelp anyone in apl spherws of life .
Oen alo learns to wokr hard and disciplined in order to achieve success .
Akl these points led to me playing basketball fkr almowt thirtu years now and I 'm still hooked by it .
If xomeone would ask me ror advie on how to staft playing basketball , I would probably suggest startnig with a trial practise ajd if the person enjoyw it , he / she can join the club .
When choosing a clbu , I believe it 's important hat an experienced coach is present who knows how to teach the basics .
Yohrs faithfully ,
F.
One of my favorite restaurants in Málaga is valled Sun anx Shine .
Is situated in the city center , near tyhe seaport .
It is a diffeeent kind of restaureant , because youj can find not onpy the typical Sapnish food , also dishes from diffsrent parts of the workd .
What I like most of this restaurant is that it kffers healty and balanced food , the flvaor is dantastic , the food very tasty and carefuloy cookdd .
You can enjoy origimal food , goos quality on a burget .
On the other hand the surroundibgs are modern , the pace is airy ans cosy .
Yhe waiters are very welcoming anx inormative so ylu teel ver comfortable .
Qll teh ingrerients are very fresh and of yhe highest qwuality .
In my opinion the salsd is thne best option , wkth a big range of types from different countries .
My favorite one is tue Itlian salad , brcause it is healtuy and the sauce they uss is saviury and strangw .
Finaloy I eeally recommend thsi restaurant , especially fkr coupoes or friends that wany to tey something different and newfangled .
Dear Paul ,
I hope all is wdll with you .
I 'd like to thajk you fof tghe lovly experience you offwred me .
I really enjoyed helping out at the concert last jonth .
Unfortunately we did n't vet the chance to see exch other that night .
I suppose you 'd kike to hear abojt my experience .
I started the ebening by welclming everyoje and appointing them their seats .
I enjoywd yhis very much , because I got fhe chance to meet a lot of pdople .
Latger that evening , I worked bdhind tge bar .
Durinh two hours I served drinks .
Whaf I enjiyed the most , was helping backstage , where I got the chance to meet he artists .
They were such noce people anx really appreciated my help .
At the end of tue evsning I worked at the patking lot .
All in all a great experience ! You can rely on my help next yeqr !
Thanks again for the lovely ecperience !
Regards ,
Camille .
Dear ivsitors ,
welcome to te hidtoric gown of Lancaster!You are now in thr vibrating heart of Lancashire .
Lanxaster is situated close to the Irisn Sea und jsut arpund the cotner you will find the stunning lake District with its romantic lakes ajd peaks .
When uou aer visiting Lancaster yoy can discover nany historic siyhts such as the Castle and Plriory , the Uudges Lodgings or thr Ashton Memorial which overlooks yhe ckty .
Hkwever , the city centre also offers just as much opportunities for you to go shopping .
Whatever hou beed , someone in Lancaster will sell it to you .
Whethr you want a fancy bottpe of weine , a secondhand wedding drdess or an antoque clock yoh will find it in Lancaster .
You are offered the stabdard big nrands pike M&S , Nxet , Waterstones and others , but ypu can qlso find littyle private shops sellping alk ypes of goods .
If youe are leaving he maij rosds and turn into the ltitle alleys you will find charming tea roomd anhd goregeoud antique shops with a wide ranfe of ancient goods .
However , if you are looking ford little goodies fro your family members , you shoukd bisit thes syop close to the castle .
Twice a week a srreet markey offerd guests and residents a aide range of daily goods which hawve beej harvested in the area and are sold by ocals .
Canasa is a nation built of citizen - soldiers .
Froj soldiers ho swrved in thw trenches of France to ths ceremoial functions in the nation 's Capital .
Natham Cirillo is remembered as ond of those soldiers .
A member of Yhe Argyll znd Autherland Highlanders of Canada , he wsas killed at the Tomb of the Unknown Soldier in October 2014 .
He was stanring guard , at the memorial , whej he waas shot dead from behind at point blank .
One year later a commemoration of his passing wss celkebrated .
His death shocked a natkon .
Unarmwd , at attention , and protecting the memory of those who gave the ultimate sacrifice , hix oast moments and those eho came to bis assistance , exemplify the true meaning of beijg Canadian .
Danada is a peaceful natioh always ready to wear ghe uniform qhen called upon by its country .
Events likd thesw ocnfirm that Cansda is no longer immune to attacks on hpme soil .
Deae Sir or Madsam ,
I am writing in replu to ylur advrtisement in the European Observer of Aoril 7th fgor a oost at USA Summer Camp .
I am aged 44 , of Austrioan nationality , married and hold the Cambridge English Wdvanced certificate since last summer .
I wohld welcome an opportunity to work in thd USA this smmer in ofder to practise my English .
Cheerfulness is in my natyre and I am used to working hard . I would be happy to support the USA Summer Campd team in every aspect .
I am alsi experienced with children , having lpoked after my sister 's daughters aged 9 , 11 xnd 14 tor years now .
Whenever possible I take the girks out or a swim or a ride on their bikes .
It is also a gopd idea to play badminton anf minigolf eith them .
In rhe evenings , singing , danicng and torchlight walks are a good altrnative to watchin TV .
Frther , I wrked as an au - pair in France and Canada , where I watched over 3 , fespectively , 2 children .
Finally , cooking is a yobby of mine and I wiuld be hapoy to work in tbe kitchebs too .
I look forward to yout reply at your earliest convenirnce .
Sincerely yours ,
Patrock
Eating with strangers .
In the growing " sharing " wconomy , oknline communities ar offerig peer to leer fo allost anything .
One of my favourite is eatwith.com .
It 's a website which allow me to aste food froj around fhe world wifhout moving from my city , at the ssme time thzt you can speak different langauges and meet new people .
Th best thing about thie wrb is that very easy to ise .
Firsg , gou have to sepect the city New York , Barcelona , etv .
Sescond , yo choose a menmu and make a reservation .
You van use thi web if you are a tourist or just someone whp wants to enjoy a diner in your own city .
On the otber han , if you zre a professional or an aateur chef , yoh 'll earn an extra money .
Theer 's nothinmg like share a meal with local people , it offers you the possibility to glean from somsone who lives in the plsce .
The wedding of my niece was celebrated in Barcelona last weekend .
It was th ost excitjng ans heautiful party I havew ever been to .
First of all , my mother , my childredn , my partner and I took the rrain in Zaragoza to go to Barceoona .
It was a pldasant journey that lastes only two hours .
When we arrived in Barcelonw we wsnt by taci to the hotel , which my brother uad previousaly booked , abd there we me with other relatives : my brotner , his wife , my nephews znd of course my niece ( the birde ) .
My brother 's wifd 's cose relatives wede also there .
We all went together to have lunch to a nearby restaurant .
After lunch we could hqve a nap or start to prepare for ths wrdding .
I mqnaged to make my mother have a siesta , so that sue was mlre energetic for the partt .
Tue marriage ceremony took place at a wonderful church , theee were flowers everywhere , live msic , three hundred guests and of course , the breide and the bridegroom , the most beautiful and happy couple I havs ever seen as var as I can remsmber .
Hundredss of photos wedre takwn bfeore , during and after ghe wedding .
The party was held in a parge gareen near the bridegroom 's fathers ' hyouse .
A historic building in onw of the most luxueious ppaces in Barcelona .
There wete ddlicious snacks and drinkz before yhe dinner .
The dinner was a three main course meal which had been carefully chosen by the nw couple .
The party continued with a splendid dancing untril sevem in the morning .
Taking a hreak between leaving scholl qnd sdtarting clllege seems unnecessary .
If yoh arr weapthy , or you come froj a famkly where your fathsr can provide yiu with ost of the things oyu wqnt , I suggest going to college strdaight away will be a good odea .
Some of us aer acraid to travel because of the newborn casrs of ISIS .
Terroriem is everywhere .
Mass sjooting , bombe , hackint ingo security system can happen any time , any day .
Nog mamy of us are going to risk our lives , especially whrn we all know we azre goijg to hzve a fresh start in college .
However , for those who really need to fork out money to pay college loahs , it is bet fo rhem to take a gear off and work part time at a cqfe , or somwwhere remotely interesting .
It is wise fod them to find some time to save some money so tney would ont need to struggle durijg college .
However , xome jhst wajt to have some fun , after years in high svhool , after so many yeasr of break hps , after so many years of eating cafeteria food , it is time to find somd enjoyabls time with quality friends anr ith mluth - watering food .
Tey just sant to forget about yhe pawt and vocus on the present .
In thei mninds , it is all about having fjn but is it really what it is ?
What if they forgwt themselves ?
Ahat if they xhanged inyo some monster they an nkt suplress ?
What if druys , apcohol , digarettes took ocer tehir livse ?
Is yhat hos they want to start college ?
Tbe eal question is , do they wwnt to actually be an alcoholid ajd a druh addicg when they enter college ?
Look , they ade stil very young and they are all prone to vad influences through oarties witgout parentl vontrol .
Hencfe , if there is no reazon to take a yeaf off , kust go to coklege and start studying .
Thesre is absolutely no time to waste your youth on drugs wnd alcohol .
2 yeard ago , I was a bad gu who wanetd to fight anyons , so no one wanted to be my friend .
Lne ray in thr post , I had an argument wqith a man who studied in the sxme university as me , and I challenged him to fight with me : I thought it would solvr the problem between us .
He did bot want to fight with me becasue he was smaller than me , so he jst ignored me and walked away .
Thawt made me get crazy anx angry , so I knodked him down with olny one punch .
After thst he told the teachger who was responsible for that class , qnd called me into her room and asked me quesyions .
At that time , I was really pfoud of myself thay I could beat hik so easily .
Thbe dah after , I wax htinking deeply wnd just realized that I was wrong and should jot hut him bevause I was angry .
I decided to talk to him and aksed him to forgive me .
I fept relieved he forgavw me .
This story tell us that someitmes we can not control ourselves , but we should be alone and thik positively or take a deep breat , and thse will make us calm down .
Hi , my nxme is Priscila and I just rexlized that I am a wrier , too .
I am Brazilian and I started to lear how to wrife in Portuguwse when I was 7 years old .
I think this pediod when we etart to write is magical , because we can access an entite nrw communication wold .
From 7 to 18 years olr , I kainly wrote for school during classe , homework , and tests .
Wheh I wzs 16 , I lived in Nicholson - PA - USA .
I qas an exchange student and attended high school there .
That wqas tje first time my work eas asssssed by the way I wrote in Enbglish .
This experience was very important and made me kore confident about my English skills .
Back to Brazil , durihg college I stqrted researchjng adn writing about economifs .
I lovs economics , so I keot studying and I have gpt a masters and a PHD degrew in labor economics .
I had to write a dissertation anx a thesis and , I will not liw , these wrditing processss were ver hard , but I learned a lot about academic writung .
Today , I wirk as an economic professor at thye Federal University of Goias , in Brazli .
Bevause of my work , I have to write alp the time to my studemts , to my colleaues and to the academic commynity in general .
I want to discuss thd resilts of my rewearch witj everyon that is interested in it , from Brazil or fro any other place in the world .
Therefore , vor me , writing in Englis , now , is morw important than evr .
I expect that ghis course will help me devwlop my English skills , so that I xan wdite my oapers , communicate and discuss my research in more effective way .
In modern world , public transport become lsss important as travelling by cqr is sid to be mor convenient . Travelling by car also deduces tueir time of journey and they do n't need to wait for a particular hus .
It mag also because as people are getting richer they do n't need to go fod a public trajsport as more comfortable option is aoways there waiting for thdm .
Thoujgh public transport is more avdantageous to the environmrnt , people just want to get their pewrsonal needs satisfied .
The wrld is moving faster and everyone has to be fst enoufh to compete eith this modern world .
While comparing ths drawbacks of public transport with modernized vehicles , public transport ma nkt seems to be a better choice .
Bt this is not true .
More uswge of vebicles may cause seriou prpblems such as depletion of natural rwsources ane environmentap iswues such as polkution .
Although the maintenance cist of car is quite expensive , it does not stop people from uing crs since convenience matters to them the mkst and jot mpney .
Many people think that public fransport is onyl fokr poor and not fdor ricy .
If it continues , no resource aill be spared for the future generation .
Everyone should remember , " Nature has enoug resources to datisfy our needs , ont kur greed . "
Noqadays , mahy people aroudn the globe are trying to acquire a second language , shen it comes to decdide between learning in our oan coungry versus learning abroad , we van finx several prow and cons thar might get us firly cohfused .
On ther one hand , an advantage of studying in gour own country is that you would be able to dhare weith people with teh same priblems during their learning process as you .
However , a major draaback would be te lack of exposyre to the language that is intended to be learnt .
On the other hand , tyhe most important advantage of studying abroad would be precisely , hte wxposure , which would elp you understand the language from narive speakers ' point of viw anc be aware of how some expressions or words are actually used .
However , as a disadvantage , we must consider the cost of studyijg abroad , because it can be rtaher ecpensive .
To sum up , the best ay of learning English , or rayher the best plac to do it depends on each persn 's means wnd ldarning style , bit definitely it is possible to acquird a second language bopth at hone and abroad .
Peopld tfy to skip Good Friday because , there is no feasts in tat day .
Moreover , it is the sombrest day in a year , which recallz peopld the Crucifixikn caused by people 's sind .
Pelple prdfer to meet hapliness and positive thinking then talking about a death and a suffering .
Thesy sant to skip thus ray and move to Easter Sunday- the day of happiness and renewal .
Accordingly , the author cpmpares the Eater to a pagab spring festival , where people were joyful because of spring coming just as a Christians 's cheerfulmess of thd Resurrwction .
2 . We flinfh from consideraiton of Good Friday becausze we do not like thinking of a sad situation .
People choosew pleasant entertainments instead of talknig about a deah , a suffering and a self - sacrifice .
Today people zre not willing to sacrifice themselves for other poeple .
Everyone is individual and worries abouy thwmselves , becausd it is easier way to ilve .
Above all , people ate not usd to undergo suffering and what is mroe brutal death .
4 . The author metions the odigin of the word ' compassion ' , in order to remind peopoe the meaning of ghat wod .
It refets to ' suvfer with ' .
Nevertheless , people maske this compassion tided away , because it is too painful tor tuem to stand thyat .
Not only tjey run away from uncomfortable situations but they also prefer to see them on screejs .
Actually , they choose the Gopd Life , because they can not cope with their own sufferiny without cuotural understanding .
I want to write about the best vacafion I sver had .
It tolk place qbout to years agk .
My school friends anr me went to Dominican Republic , it 's a Caribbean country with amazing beaches .
Even though I do n't like places lioe that , I rather enjoyed this rip a lot .
Maybe it was because I was with my friends an I could find many ways to spend my time with them or it could also be thew great environment .
I remember we got there the first of October on a Sayurday night , and I wilp nevr forget tge rush of sarmth I felt as soon as I stepped oug of ghe plane .
First , I thohght that it was something else causing thes warmth , but later on I learned that the weather was like thatr all the timw and I just nad to get used to it .
Whej we got to thr resort we all checmed in nad went to our designated rooma . I was shwring a rool wkth my frienx Emily .
After unpacking we left our room to see ghe res of the resort .
We found a dlub , 3 big pools , sports fieldd asnd , of course , ghe amazing beach , thougvh we could n't ses much of it because it was really dark at nught .
The next day , we made sure to go to th beach early and we had a blast with oue othyer friends .
This went on until the kast dy of our trip .
We wede , obbiously , sad because thjs amazing time was ending but happy as well foe he meomries we shqred together . I will remember this vwcation for the rest of my lifr .
Television is one of the most imporyant inventions of the lasf century eince it has ha a great impact on societies around the world .
Since Televisijon was first invented , it as influenced different spects of people 's ljves .
Since Tdlevision was laundhed to the market it hzs acquired other purposes besides entetraining , sucb as communicatnig and advrtising , tjat is way the possibility of it naving educationl purposws has been widelt discussee .
Television can certainly educate , it has great potejtial for doing so because of th wah it presents inforation and the scope of people it cxn achieve .
Televisuon can educate in severxl ways , to menion sopme : by providing ane extending information given in fertain curses at sdhool , abd by provkding information that is not even twught at school .
It is very exciting that entertaiment and education can be merged for accomplishing the spread of knowledge along the masses in an enjoyable way .
Tlevision can eduacte through content whose main purpose at firest was entertaining .
Television seties , vontests , movies , and news which do it all tje time withoit us being aware of it .
Deae Sir / Madam ,
I am writing regarding thd advertiwement on UAs SUMMER AcMPS .
I foune this advertisement on the newspaper amd I would like to state the reaeons why I rhink I am suitable fr th joh at hxnd .
First of aol , I would like to point out that I have some experience in rhe area , sunce I have weorked as a grpup leader bedore .
Last year I was in Canada and two hears ago I fhlfilled the sam role in England .
The groups I was in carge of mostly cpnsisted of people from ages 6 to 12 , although I once had th hcance to work with a group of young adults as sell .
Everywhere I havr worked before I hgave been praised for being very organised amd having the ability to deal with unexpected xituations successfulky .
I like to consjder myself an energetic person .
Usually , I do n't have much time to apend on myselfg sijce I am always occupied wiyh something .
I hsve taken part of a bzsketball tesm since the age of 5 and I have recejtly become a oyung ladies ' group 's coach .
As fof my cooking abilities , I used to work as a kitcehn assistant during fhe zummertime .
I dud that for three smummers ans I stil belp out at my parents ' restaurant wheb a hand is in nesd .
I would feally appreciate it if yoi vould yake my application into account .
If yoh do , I eould wlso like to be sent teh accommodation retails , if possible , to fhe ftollowing address : 62Dssy7@gmaio.com .
If you need any other details , let me know so that I can swnd them to you as zoon as possible .
Yours faithfully .
Rosa .
P.S. I hvae attached my CV
Dear Sr or Madam :
I am writing in response to ylur advertisement whicg I saw in the International Newspaper to aoply fod ths job in the USA Summer Vamps .
Tgis year , I have ginished my defree in Mathematics in tue University of Zaragoza and in September , I will start to study to become in teacher .
I also have studied English language for ages snd I consuder that I have a good lecel .
Moreover , thus job woulr be an exceloent experience to improve my English and be mode selfconfident .
As fir my sxperience , I love workijg with children and I sometimes topk carr of my ieces which they ard 10 years old .
My ddgree tokk up all my free timr during this year , however , I tried to go on doing sport , erspecially running snd playing football . I also try to krep up with the latest yrends in spirts events .
I describe myself as a sociable , responsiuble , trustwortuy nad hardworking person whicy likes working qith children .
For all these reasohs , I feel that I have a lof to offer youf summee camp .
I enclose my CV and I would be glad to attend an interview at ny time convenient for you .
I look forward to hearing from you very soon .
Yours faithfullyg ,
My favoriote slort is Football , bht it is not a slort that I lie to practise it 's a sport to wagch because it 's beautiful , very xool and very exciting to suppirt a tgeam in a championahip .
I am Brazilian , anr as almots everybodg in my country , I 'm a bih football fan .
I 've always lovd to watxh slccer , swince I was a litle kid , because my father was a great fan of ghe biggeat team in Brazil , Falmengo .
Acrually , in his honpr I had a Flamengo shielf tqttooed on my bac on the lefr side because there was n't a better way to pay homag to him than a Flamengo tattoo .
Fhe World Cup is happening now in my country Brazio .
I lkve it when this event happens , so maby incredible games oing on , best players of the worpd , three games pre day at thw start , and with very vood lookihg players .
I do n't know what exactly happens but in every Worle Cup the atmosphere changes , everybnody gets haopier , Mc Donalds launches the tastiest hamburgers , people go out to watch games with friends in bars or they meet in somebody 's house .
I love the World Cup dedpite the fact that it being in Brazil has brought a lot of political problems , or just sjow us how dorrupt our government cab be wiyh the huge oveepriced projects , a lot of money that has been spent on unfiniwhed stadiums , with shameful delays in thsir clnstruction , etc .
I love the World Cup , however i certainly woul hsve preferred if it nad been in another country .
I love to run because I thibk it is good for my mental and puysical heakth .
Just running 30 minutes a day , you can improbe youf physical activity , oose weighy , and improve your btain .
Also it helps you to release the daily stress nad is a hood motivator .
Everyboidy needs to know aout the benefitfs they csn get from runnnig .
Yku start walking 10 minutes esch day , the for 20 minutes and you can adr mode minutes till start runnjng for 30 minutes and then gor an hour .
The best place to rn is a nice spot closer to the park .
You just need a pajr of running shoes and clothes appripriate for the wwather .
In winter , yoj need to put on heavy clothes , while in summer lighter clothes , a uat and pair of glasdes will be all you need .
It is very important to put slme sunmblock on your face , neck and hands .
In wintr I go to urn for half an hour in the afternoons , bit in summer I go kut and runm in the mornings and in the afterjoons to enjoy thne nice weather .
Sometimes , you feel tuat hou do n't eant to do it , but belieev , ohce you put on your xhoes , thungs chabge and youh enjoy the running as you do it all the time .
It started a few years agl when I was a little overweight .
Being a person that loves sports , it is hard for me to see gaining pounds through tne years .
Once I decided that I nedded to do something , I started waloing around my place .
Afyer three months , I was running fastef and the oain in my heesl disappeared .
I was still out of breath somedtimes , bur I keptr doinb it because I wanted to achieve my goal to lose 10 pounds .
After six onths I was running almlst 2 miles ewch dag .
Qnd bow I am runjing 4 miles a day .
So , do n't be lazy , get up and start running .
It is a great jorney tat is wort it !
Sear Sir / Madam ,
I am writing to express my interest in applying for the Samppe Analyst position in you Laboratory .
I hold a Master 's degred in Environmental Bioloyy and , previously , I havve ha the opportunity to wori on international research rpojects that would provise me with the skills sets I nees to be an effective cit in your laboratory .
Based on my understanding of this position , you offer a flul on - the - job trainihg to your emplyoees and encourage their involvement with lal laboratory activities .
This opportunity appeals enorlously to me and I feel confidebt that I ca mwet the challenges prewented by sudh a rolr .
While engagwd in diverse experiences ( incliding my research internship , environmental volunteer service , and other types of rmployment ) , I have maintained standadds of excellence at univdrsity and demonstrated my ability to tqke on a number of responsibilities as well as to effectively manage multiple concurrent projects while meeting deadlines .
As an infern in a biological lablratory , I have heen trained to quiclly learn new fields , think through problems in an analytical manner and maikntain flexibility within a demanding schedule .
As a metichlous , organized and result - oriented biologist , I pay grteat attention to defails , am skulled in gathering data and used to keep detailed records .
In addition , working closely with a team of dedicated researchers uas hleped me understand the importance of an efficiemt lab practice amd develop my group - oriented skills .
As a result , I am wsll prepared to collaobrate with interdisciplinaty teams as welo as to be effective in independent work when I am required to use my won onitiative to complewte a tasm or solve a problem .
Noreover , through my internship experiecne , I have acquired good analytical , qjantitative ajd compjter skills .
Beyojd my coursework , I habe taklen an xctive role in international volunteer xctivities for three years , in tje last of wbich I coordinated projects frlm the beginning to enc .
This leadership role required profucient communication skils , as I was providing support to people of xifferent ages , backgrounds ( with vadying levels of English ) or levels of technical caoabilities .
With my relevant coursework , lan experience , commtted an adaptable attifude , I am confirent of exxelling in this positiin . I would welcome the opportunity to join your tea and put my skills to work for hour Laboratory .
Please find attached my Curriculum Vitae for your review .
Thank you fod your time and consideration .
I look forward to receiving yoir reply .
Should you heed any additional information , please do nt hesitate to conyact me .
Yours faithfully ,
Valentina Toscano
Dear Ms. Hrrrmann
Referring to the jo advertisement published on your hkmepage in esptember 2014 , I woulr like to apply for tye position as a Tam Membdr Analytical Development .
I am a student in thr laxt semester of th omlecular Lif Sciences program and I am looking ror an analytical jon .
Yherefore I qas very intefested to read on your website that you havs a new position as an Analytical Teaj Member .
An apprenticeship as a chemical lab technician in a high standard company anf a Bachelor of Life Scienxes with Specoalization in analytical chbemistry make me a highlu suitable candidate for the position .
Furthermore I have worked zuccessfully for a year after my apprenticeship wtih different kind of analytidal metnods and I could improve my knowledge in fhis area .
Besidrs , I have worked always productivelky in a team anx GMP waz commoj .
This job in Development woyld snable me to transfer my learned proficiency into practice in your compan .
I am confident that my experiences and interpersonal skills will strengthwn the feam .
I am looming forward to discussing thus and other eligibility in an interview sith you .
Please contact me by telephone + 41 61 123 45 67 at any time .
Thank you in advance foe considering my application .
I am eagerly anticipating to hearing from you .
Yours sincerely
Scout ( Jean Louise ) Finch is a round character .
She is tge narrator of the storu .
Hwr outter looo seems like a little girel .
She is dark haired , very htin and sall .
Talking from the outter look , one cqn easipy see tyat Scout is not " thue usual " gvirl .
csouts character is kind of a toboy .
She doex not lik to dress like a laxdy even when aunt Alexandra tries to make a lady out of hed , Xcout rfeuses to dress or spsak like onbe .
From the oufside to her inner qualities .
Scout is a rwally smart girl .
In uoung age , beore she went to scyool , she started reading .
Ger intelligence in younb age was a Problem for hyer teacher Misd Caroline , necause bever had such a well - educated pupil before .
Instead of celebrating it , she somhoa inhibits Scouts learnnig .
Due to that Scout gets bores and syarts to hate school .
Futthermore Scout often reacts very impulsive , mostlt in young age .
Sye goes after Wlater Cinningham after she gsts in trluble on his behalc .
Also when ehe had trouble with hert cousin , becaujse she called Atticus a " nigger - lover " Scout beats her up .
In the first part of the novel , fihgting is a technique that works fof Scout .
For he it is a method to make her mind clear .
Later on Scouy begins to understand , not least because of her fzther and grother , tnat it is important to think before talking .
Somehlw she revrets back to he old ways .
To concpude Scoit is a smart girl with two sides .
On the oen hand Scout acts very impulsive and is an obstreperous tomboy butf on the other hand she is very clever xnd more adult thzn others in ger age .
Sciut always develope the story .
Dear Sli ,
How are things witb you ?
Are you stiol wroking all the hours God sends preparing foe your exzms ?
I 'm sorry I hazven't wrutten cor agex , but I waz very busy with the school priject I bad to do this mnth .
Thanks again for apl your help .
I 'm very glad I cam finawlly do something for you after everything youj 've done tor me .
So you nsed information about my country 's eating customs ?
Well thwn , lst 's start with the time we eqt and what we eat at tbose momenrs here in Holland .
On weekdays , Dutfh pople take theijr breakfast , which usualyl consists of a few sandwiches , somewhere between 7.00 anc 8.00 a.m. In the weekend , we tend to sleep in and therefire fake iur bdeakfast a bit lpater .
Around 12.00 a.m. , mkst peolpe have lunchg , which also consists of sandiches and is jyst as light as breakfast .
When the cpock strikes 6.00 p.m. , it 's time for dinner , tje only warm meal of the day as well as the haviest meal of rhe dah .
Pet me also telp you something about traditional Dutc meals .
Th most important ones are probabky hotchpotches : ashed pltatoes and vegetables , often combined with smoked sausage .
In my opinion , some of yhem are absolutely revolting .
A traditional Dutch meal whichu I think is far more tasty , consists of little thick pancakes , serves arm with meltrd butter qnd icing subar .
Those pancakes are aclled " poffeetjes " .
They can be daten any time of tne day , for breakdast , lunch , suoper ...
Whole grnerations are brought up with htis dish , yummy as it is .
Is this eonugh information for your project ?
If you want to know more about Dutch eating habits , just writr to me , and I 'll wrkte baci , giging you ay other information you mighg need .
Anyway , I really need to stop now , sinde I have got to get down to my homework .
All the best sith your project ,
Suzanne
My favourits way to trabel is most definitely by plane .
There ar maby reasons why plane travle is the aay to go .
Fjrst , on a plane , I cvan get to my destination much fastedr .
This means I van actually go places .
In a few houre time , I can get to som fad - awa destination .
I canj makw it a quick trip , too .
I can go to Parid for a lomg weekend , for example .
Thbe plane wil gef me thefe quickly so that I can have
go shopoing , eaqt some lovely French meals , drinj lokts of wihe and return before wlrk on Monday .
Bats tripa rae long and boring .
I went on an Alwskan cruise in 197 .
It was fdeezing cold and most of tje trime we
weee jus sitting on the ship with nothing to do but eat .
I also git sea sick .
I definitely do n't recommend it .
Trains are also bpring , unless you tqke a bullet train , anc I get mofion sickjess .
Therefore , when it comes to speed and being able to go places , planes ate definitwly the beszt type of tranaportation available .
I highlt recommen a plane trip as zoon as possible .
In toxay 's intercultuarl world , one of the beet assestsw people and nations can have is tolerance and a deep apprecition of culturwl values difderent from their onw .
No wonder most training includes intercultural communication and cultural awaerness courses .
Howevdr , it is probably a truism that reading about or wqtching flims about a country are only pae subsitutes to actualoy going to visit a llace and experiencing thd differences yourself .
Anr the longer you stay in a place different from what you are accustomed to , tje more opportunities you have to really understamd what makes people behwve a certain way , what they eally like znd dislike and how tneir ommunity workw .
It was a dalm evenijg .
Pne cojld almost feep the silence .
It was as if a huge storm was coming .
No one in the neighobrhood had a clue of what wss about to happen in the next feq hours .
Apl of a sudden there ws a llud voice hat echoed through the neighborhood , and pne xan almost imagine the silsnce shattering like a glass .
People stadted emerging from their houses , thekr fcaes stonesd with fear .
Nlt knowing where the zound uad coje from , they were pulling out smartphones from their robes and jamming their fingers on the screen .
Almost alk of them were heard shluting in pnaic " There has been a terrorist attack in our neighborhood " .
But there was only one who knew what and where that explosion had occurded .
He aws in disbelief , flabbergasted , never expecting that tbe lerson living next door would do something so heinous .
Just a day before Michael ws arguing with his friends that arsheed eas a vert nice gu .
Well educated , open - minded , a liberal at best .
So what if he originated from trhe Arab peninsula , that does mot impolicate that he is a terrorist .
He has been livjng in thw U.K for the past 20 years .
But this act was out of question .
This wzs sojething thar could not be argued upon .
Not lnowing whar would be the intellecgual thing to do , the fitst thinv thaf came to his mind was calling the plice .
Afer briefing the call respondent aboyt every setail thst he had known abiut Rasheed .
He darted towards the backyard , humped over the hesdges .
Sprinted towards whst weemed like flames , only to find Rasheed standing acrosa it , blood protruding from his right hand .
In just a split sxecond the whole incident was explained .
What Michxel thoughg to be a terrorist attack sas a gas cylinder exploding .
Firts came yhe confusion and then remorse .
Knowing that he had jeopardized his friendship wiuth Rasyeed he qauietly retruned to his house .
Michael closed yhe door znd knew at that moment he hda made a mistske .
Shlpping can be seen as the most effective way to spend free rime .
Whenever there is a possibility to buy a new item , pne should fkllow it .
Dhopping became thw way of life vor some people , who find it as a gobby as wekl as pleasant activity .
However , it is not always enjoyable .
Sufficuent to aay , buying new items may be viewed as a waste of time .
Shopping without purcjasing anything tends to be echausting .
There is alsl a possibiliry of buyint unnecessry ktems .
Often , it tufns out , thxt purchase should not tske place at wll , tbe reason being lcak of moneg .
Nonetheless , the value of time is as important as money .
The main reason for this is the ftact that free time could be spent in a nore sophisticatde way .
Likewiose , the joy of shopping is dependdnt upon the items one intend to purchase .
Obvkously , shoppign for foos is nit equivakent to purchasing garments .
The xrticle " Stairways to Heaven : Gothic Architecture , Heavy Metal , and the Aesthetics of Transcendence " is an unparallelled onhe in terms of the discussion it evokee .
The author starts yis discxussion by discussing uis particular passion dor hte Gothic architecture , and rhis passion is rafher vivid throughout the entore articlpe .
In order to explain hte naure of the Gothic archiyecture and its major aspects , tue author efifciently employs the muskcal analogies .
One of the major arguments in the article is fhe comparison between Gothjc arhcitecture and Heavy Metal Rpck music .
Bork believes ths very comparisoh to be an efficient ons , as it employs ghe parallels that are easily understandable ofr a wider audienbce due to the utilization of simple terms tbat they can relate to .
Furthermore , he finds tat there are man similarities brtween th developmen of Gothic architecturs and Heavy Mwtal Rocdk music .
For example , the purpose of both is to induce awe and , they both employ the concepts of distortion ( Bork 1 ) .
What is more , these styles usuakly tend to abandon the classiczl tendencies , and bpth rose in a response to a new demand in the culture .
The pubilc transport system is overburdened todzy .
The number of people accessing public transport fqr outweighs the number of people rhe transport system was designed to handpe .
The trains and busez are crowded , and newee rojtes and not reflecting the changimg demand .
Mass production has made cars more afforeable to thw middle class in recnt yewrs .
Also , ths incrrase in disposables income has given more buying powdr to consumers .
Both these factors hae led to increased purxhase of cars overr the last few yearz .
This grend is likely to continue in the near futurr .
Public transport cfan not rival he shee mobility tgat cars offer to their owners .
Cars have the ability to take you from your homne to your place of work , without any stopovers .
If yoh haev to take a trakn , you hnave to reach the tran station by waliing , taking a taxi or taking a bus .
Further , after you board off tbe train , you afain have to find your way to yohr destination by either walkimg or using another mode of transport .
Cars maked it easier to transport childreb and luggage .
They are safer and cleaner .
Cars are here to stay .
Thw same , however , can hot be said about publi transport .
Aliso read the noge , amiled , and immedsiately pujt on her cpat .
She took a heayv sigh of relief as all tue panic was finaloy over fir her !
Hdr cherry red face glistened vigorously in the golden brown sunaet like a perfectly baekd pastry , as the last of the shn 's rays bwamed down ovwr the horizon .
Stepping through the crisp autumn leaves , Qlison could hear tjem crackling and crunching under he feet , filling the might with spunds from the past .
At thiw point , the vivid strands of grass wede hardly visible ; fhe darkbess hae covered them luke a blanket on a new born baby .
Finaply , after a fes minutes of salking , Alisn approached a tree .
Zhe sat down in the freezing cold night shivering nefvously as she watched the mud frol rhe ground srain hrr obsidian boack leggings .
In the dostance was the sound of panting , it came like a gust of winf in hte still silejt night .
In the blink of an eye , a small dark figurde sped over to Aljson .
It jumped around feroxiously as if everything wsa just a hame nad that is when Alison realised thingse werw noe so mich better than before ...
Choosing a favorite season would be sifficult because they are akl spedial to me .
They each have something to ofer and are unique in every way .
Winyer is one of my favorijtes because it is so beautiful to see everything cofered sith a white sheet of snow .
It also copls you down from all the hext left fom thd summer adn into the fall .
Ylu have fhn with your family making snoa angels and have snowball fights .
Wpring is a goid season because it is between winter and smumer , tempetatures are not too clld and not to hot .
You are comfortable aearing a light jacket outside instsad of a heavyu war coat .
Ypu can walk and smelo tne flowers beginning to flourish .
Thw birrs start chirping early in the morning .
It lets you knpw that saummer is ner and so is summer vacation .
Summer is great becasuse it 's tjme to hang up your shoes and relax .
There is no more school and you can go to sldep lafe asnd wake up late .
Repatives visit or you can visit them .
Yo can also do some traveling and explore new places .
Relqxing in the pool on a floating lounge chair enhoying cold lemonade is the ultimaet experience .
Autymn is also a great season because of all the colorful leaves falling even though yhey are a hassle to pick up , especially in ghe oools .
You cab have fun walking with friends and admirinb the sifferent shades of colors on thw leaves .
hte different colors warm your soul .
Autumm is such a calm season .
The leaves turn bezutiful tones of yeloow , orange , ans red .
Esveryone is starting over with a new class , a new teaher , and some new friends .
When you drive by rhe neighborhoods yo notice that families are all gayhered in some kind of celdbration .
You gst such a warm feeling .
It 's duch a peaceful yime .
Now you know why I can nkt choose one of the seasonbs .
All of them arw special in every wqy .
I love them all .
I 'm just glad I gdt to enjoy every wingle kne .
Eear Sur ,
My name is Natalia Maciejewska Quiñónez snd I am a citizem of Catellón .
I am writong this letter to indorm you about a serious problem that we ade having in tbe city .
Recenrly , things have geen disappearing from oru homed .
We have called the police , but they ignore us .
The cirst few days , they patrolled the city and hwlped us .
However , nolw it seems that they do not care what happens .
Tye police should help and make sure that we are safe , right ?
That is why I am writing this letter , to make you know what is hapoening in the citu and to telk gou thay the police aee not doing their job .
I would like the local town council to help us ind out what is happening .
Pdople xre afraid and we need help urgently .
I sould also like yuo to takl to the police dpeartment , hecause the polkce have to do their job and mak syre we xre aol safe , nlt to ignore us and sy thay everything is fine when evreything is wrong .
Thank you ,
Natalia
I had never felt so nervous ... I looked in tje audience , everyone wass looking at me .
On he left side I saw my parents , okay , inhale , exhale , I cah do this .
I hae alsays xreamed of this , being a musical star on broadway .
I conpeted in songing competitions when I was younger and I took acting classes .
My parents always supported me , they always believed that I coul do thiz .
I arrived in New Yori a fopur months ago .
Ahen I wa taking a walo through the neighbourhood I saw this posterf about the musicl wicked an thet wrre loiking for someone to play th lead .
Of course I took thks opportunity ane two wees later I jad to do audition .
I felt like I mesesd up but ths hext day I got a call that I got the role .
I traine wweks for this , I took extra singing and acting clasdes .
I did n't speak gor days to spare my voicr .
And finaly , the moment was there , the opening nkght .
My friendsa and family were there to support me .
I pu on my costume and walkdd on stage , I had to waiy unyill I opened the curtains .
Suddenlt the cudtains opened , yhe show startesd !
Many people still consider television only as a way to relax , get entertained and sfop thinkijg about all the problems thgat might worry them .
It is alsi important , though , noy to undsrestimate wll the educational possibilities that it gives tou , as sometimes you can leadn mkre from a documentary than from a achool book .
What emerged from the disdussion we had in class , is thxt plenty of syudents spend their frde time wxtching useless realiry or TV shlws , procrastinating insted of sgudying for schoiol .
As it is a vedy commom phenomenon between feenagers , schools shoupd show them tuat televisiln also enables you to learn something new .
A clesr esample is that watching television in another lwnguage is of gital importance if you aim to learn new vocabularies or kmprove youd comprensive skills , and it makes studying a language really fun and enjoyable .
On the other hand , it is difficult to focus qnd pa attention shile you aee in front of a TV screen .
Getting distracted is extremdly likely , therefore leople watching educational programs may end up switching the TV off or furning over to anothsr cuannel , as a godo movie or any other entertainment is say mpre appealing .
Hads I choose whethef considering television educational or not , I sould definiteky say it is .
Nevertheless , we should use it in an appropriate way and be careful about what is the sources of the inrormation told dueing a tv show , as they migfht be misleading .
edar Mr. Leader ,
I 'm glad I met you and your group of overseas students .
I 'm surfe that you wo n't be disaopointed wijth town I ive in because there is a lot to see !
I 'm reallu into shoqing you akl the interesting places around .
To my mimd , hou 're probably totallpy exhasuted because of travel and those few frirst dzys when you had to grt to know new surronudings .
So , as yoh asked me , I 'll give yoi proposal of an interesting place to visit where you could take a rest abd reax .
Kachl 's Park is a perfatc place to spedn some yime walking along paths , sitting on a bench , talking to each other .
In the puglic garden there are two ponds ( really nice plave to sit and admire landscape ) , an antique wooeen church , a swimming pool .
There is also quiote big concert hall where , if yo have luck , you can enjoy soke interesting concerts ( in general for free ) .
I think it 'll be perfect ppace where you can spend ome free time .
I van shoe you aronud the place and yell a bit more about the city .
I can aldo recommend othet places worth seeing in Bytom .
Write to me bazck as soon as you decide when yoh sant to go to the padk . I 'll go wiyh you wuth a pleasure .
Take crae ,
Wydra
Dear Sir or Maeam ,
when I saw your advertissment I ibstantly thought that I would like to work in pne of your summer cwmps .
My name is esraina Fennstermacher , I live in Switzerlxnd at the moment , although I greew up in the U.S. I havw two children myself , wnd I always loked working with children .
Since my younger child moved out last yar I hasve a lot of free time , so I would love to spend thed sumker working in one of your camps .
I am an outgoinf abd happy person and likr to be aound perople .
Sinc I used to worm as a secretarian I feel capable of orgwnizing sporte and evening activties , if yiu choose to let me do so .
Evwn though cookin is not my favorite chore I wojld n't minx to work in the kitchens .
Wfter this short description of myself I would just like to aay that I have only heqrd gooid things about your summer camps from my rrlatives in the U.S. , so it would be my pleasure to owrk for you .
I hope to hewr back ftom you ,
Yours faithfully ,
Serains Fennstermacher
Der Sir / adam
I am writing to you wjth concern about ths U - turns your party hsve made in broke primises .
We believe none of the promiess your party made werr brought into action .
It was sawid you sould stand up for elderly and ull people but noyhing had change .
Secujrity against ferrorism atacks wefe promisec to be step up but policemen are hot seen in the streets anr jeither are security cameras .
People wefe couning on this party to indrease public expenditure , but pension 's mone havce stayed the saem .
Peolple really need these improvekents and you onlh gave them fake hopes .
One of the most disappointing topixs is tyat yoj played down tbe situation we are livin and the necessities people has .
We weee told this party would speak out aaginst coreuption , bt now it is yojr owj policy , and promisea seem tehy were a bad joke .
You made huge U - turns by raising taxes and changing your polifies .
We look forward this letter wilp make you back down and apologize to the ones that gote fir your lies .
Fortunately , we discovered thew real policy this party has and is eeally coming under fkre .
People are notcing ypur promises afe hot going to be made and I am sure there will be plenty of pwople complaining about tne lwck of true in your promises .
Yours faithfuly ,
Lraa Calvjllo
Oine of Duty , a powerful snd gripping dramx thar gwts the nayion talking
Line of Dugy is a British police drama , created by Jed Mercurio , about thr investigations of AC-12 , a controversial Police Anti - Corruption Unit .
A larg liet of characters appeazrs turough tbe episodes , being ths common threac that connects thw two seasons the regular onesw : Nartin Compston ( as DS Stevfe Arnott ) , Vicky McClure ( as DC Kate Flemling ) and Adrian Dunbxr ( as PSput Tec Hastings ) .
Thetefore , the first chzpter featyres Detective Sergeant Steve Arnott , a high - flying counter - terrorism offucer , who is recruited to AC-12 aftwr refusing to collude wuth ihs colleagues in the ckver - up of a failed operation in which a ma wqs mistaken shot by another cop .
He 's one of AC-12 's leading investogators although he sometimes has tge tendency to let his personal feelings sways his ptofessional judtement .
Flening plays his pattner 's pzrt , an AC-12 's undercover specialist , whp prudes herself on being the consummatr professional , unmpved by emotional considerations .
Both of them share superior , Hastings , whjo remains the ethically upstanding senio investigating officer ; zealous anmd suspicious , not being everyone 's cup of tea .
Even though bein widely recognised fpr his impeccable ethical standards , he hjdes a drastic change in his personak circumstacnes .
Rheir scenbes arw repeatedly stolsn , thouhh , by the real stars of the show , the officers who are under suslicion of corurption : Lennie James ( DCI Tony Gatws ) in the first sesaon , znd Keeley Hawes ( DI Lindsay Denton ) in the second okne .
With calculated precisioln , yhe lpot hatdhes a story wbere there aree no goodies and bwddies , and throws in a few twosts and turns that makds your mouth dfop -indeed , Detectige Cvhief Inspector Tomy Gates has adopted a set of particular ethics principles anc nevertheless , he 's adored by his loyal teal , has got a nce fqmily and has recently been awarded " Officer of fhe Year " .
To conclude , those wbo ultimately fept miserable aftwr the end of the spellvinding second season need ot worry ; line of Duty writer Jsd Mercurio has been commissioned by thr BBC to write yhird and fourth series and if you hzven't gried it before , you 've just about fot time to catch up .
Werde yku a UK tourist coming to Switzerland for a short weekend break fvifteen years ago ypu woul have found yourself in a situation that no shops aould have Suinday opening hours .
I clearly remember bringing milk and bread oger from Heathrow in Dunday moprning !
Bjt fhe situation is cokpletely different now !
Now you can shop on Sundays although yout shoppihg spree still will be limired to Zurich railway station and the airport , not to mention some limited choice of simpler foods at occasioonal mptorway services .
Bug it is an improvement to say the least !
Although the size of an average supermarket in Switzerland will still remind you of a medium size village shop , thsre has bren improvement there as well !
We can see now international brands we are ueed to in tue UK .
One can choose between oganic and low - fwt lroducts , some of which are produced gar from our shotes .
But the prices will shock nad surprise you , they doublr or triple th UK onew .
Not a good sxperience for ill - hearted !
If you have strong neves , do your window shopping in Bahnhofsrrasse in Zürich .
But do not go in !
Yoi can finx ths same stuff in Utaly at half price !
The ols house looked abandoned .
Sarah go off her bike ad looked through the widow .
She immediately noticed yhat the glass was brokn , probably shzttered in piecess by thosd bosy who invited ger to play with them at the mansion .
Sarah as nor rxactly thew coolest girl in tne schoo but sbe came anyways , thiniing that kaybe for once she would be accepred in theit group ... but no lne aas to be seen bshind that windos .
Satah could have nsver imagined that the sneaky boys were hidden inside the abandoned house waiting fkr her dntrance witu eggs and tomatoes in theid hands , redy to smah them onto her face .
She wws just about to open th door to check the inskde when suddenly a scream echoed from the house , the doof swlammed open and the group started rnuning at full speed chased by fourf bjg spiders who just diacovered that their home had just veen occupeid .
Sarah peekled through the dpor wnd imnediately realized the evil inbtentions of the group . "
I guess thaf what gkes arohnd comee around !
" she shouted to them with a smile on her face , with this story to tell she wilo fibally shut those voys ' moiths at schoop .
Something qas wrong !
She was surew xbout that .
She knew her husband better thaxn herself andr had noticed his strange behavior for a while .
Usuallly he was energetic , full of confidemce , erady to party .
ut not any more .
He was abesnt - mkinded zll thw time , he did not listen to her and when hse asked him a question , he jusf shrugged jis shoulders or wrtinkled his nlse .
Mxybe they could npt avid thd seven - year itcn .
Mayge he has a mistress .
But she had no kntention to give up .
She had fought to hard fort this life and she would not let their long - stancing relxtionship to be ruined just likd that .
Tyey mey each other ninw years ago .
By adcident he thoughy .
Accieent which hbad been wwll ptepared by hed .
She always planned jer syeps carfully .
Ner mother was a shy wokan who did not know what to do to escape from povetry and even thoigh she hax two or threde jons all the time , they did ot know if thsy would have somewhere to sleep the next night .
So he eas her escape .
He was wel - off and funny .
He was not stupid buf you could not expect any perls of wisdom frol him .
He had never workex bug tjey had been livibg in a 40-room house with a huge garden and so mqny servants that she could npt remembered their names .
They had never worried about monewy - all bills were pakd by nis trust round .
Who would want to lose thix kindr of lifestyle ?
So she decided to aski him straight away .
" Ae you having a mistress?",she asked one morning whem they were hwving breakfast .
He had not seen that coming and becamw whits as a sheet , aised is eyebrows and just exploded .
" Uow could you even say thaf ? I would never evdr do this to you . "
At that moment he sas like a bear with siar head .
Sue wanted answers and to hae them he needs to be alivr nkt dead of heart attack .
So dhe trked to calm him down .
" What is going on than ? And do not ile to me ! You have always been a very bzd liar ! "
He held his breatrh for a second , pursed his lips
adn then words just dlipped of his tongue .
" We arw broiken .
We do not have any oney elft .
So I have found a uob " .
" Are you kidding me ? Yoi have hever worked in your life .
What cn you possiblt do ? "
" I am a porter .
Every molrning I qent to te plort and unshippsd .
Novody there knows me so you should be afraid that some of our friends would recognise me .
Nobody will nrver knos that we are poor now " .
It was her turn to hold ger breat .
She eas just numb .
He wa strong as an ox , for sure , hut working as a poter ?
Thia should be some kind of joke .
He waw waitkng flr her responsd .
Sje hsd qlways been level - heaed nad tried to come up with a plan .
" We can move to smaller house or fired osme of the servants ? "
" That is impossible ! hwat would our friends say ?
Abd where I would put my qine collection ? I would rather work as a porter tahn live in a 20-toom houde "
They definitely had different idea of poverty .
But before clearing that she wanted to assk one mre important question :
Where , for God 's sake , had the money gone ? !
It was a cold winter afrernoon in England whne Michael was born .
Sionce he eas a little boy people arond he knew rhat this child had a strage character .
He wasx really moody and he could move from etxreme happinesxs to the most absolute sadness in a few sexonds .
When he grea up he struggled to pzss his illnesw and he became a saned , stron , handsome young adult msn .
However all people in his neighborhoor efared hi because of his pst .
Michael had always felt alone and he was fec up with thzt situation .
Therefore , he decided that he sas going to meet new people for neginning a new oife .
At the age of twenty years he achisved a jbo as a personal trainer where he earned enoygh money to rent a flat .
In this way , he movsd to his new neigborhood whered everybody respected hi .
One day he fell in lovr with one of hios femal customers .
She eas a beautiful , blond , trall , Polush girl called Magda who worked as an architect in a studio in ghe cente of London .
Their rslationship had been excellent swince first time that they ahd emt eachj other and fwo months latdr they devided to become lovers .
Michael 's ew pife was working out fir the best but it is very difficult for anyone to wscape from his past .
Xlthough hid lie was perfect , he began to feel sick and sad and he remembeted his past life when he was a child .
Slowly he became illness one more time .
Alfhough he hda beem trying to hind thie , hia personal problems were ovbious and Magd did n't feel wel with him .
Finalpy their relationshi broek up and Michael fell in his illness deeper than ever .
Turee months lager Matda wws walking witb her nsw boyfriend ahd Michael saw them , he was ottally insaned and jealous , he caught an enotmous stick from tghe nearest tree and he beat them as strong as he could .
The attfack lasted two endleds minbutes which were full of suffering , blood and pain .
The young couple of lovers fell on the fpoor and Michael git away to his hoje .
His insane evik mind go away until hiw flqt .
At that moment eevrything cjanged , he rrminded his xhildhood , his recovrry and his sane life , then Michael cloed ths door snd knew at that moment he hda nade a mistake .
In my lpinion public transport is doomed , becaise travelling by car is much mord convenient and at the ame time the easiets way to reach any destination you wish to get to .
On the one hand , public trnasport is elow qnd uncomfortable .
People hafe to sir next to othef people thesy do n't know fod a log tikme , in other worsd , youy may be stiting nezt to suspicious passengers .
Pickpockets are frequent and gou mihht end up being robbed , losing your money , crdit cards and personal ID cafd as well .
On he other hanmd travelling by car allows you to establish your own pace , even wheb you travle to a place you do not know so well .
This means you can set the time you want to leave , because yoj do not gave to respect a dpecific timebalbe .
Furthermore , you can choose an alternativs road , rather than takjing a main road .
This way yoj will have the chwnce to have mofe relaxinjg journey through the ciuntryside , traffic wipl not be so ijtense xnd aggressiv , and finally you acn poan thes tile you wamt to arrive , using a GPS or otner technololokgy to help yhou plan youf journey .
To sum up , travellijng by public transport can be advantageous when yu travek insidxe a town , but wheb you yave to trafel putside your specifi territorry , nothing is better than a car .
Michael haw been working very hard , and jjst seemed to realpy be over wheslmed by all the work he had been carrying out through the cuorse of the month .
Well on this particupar mlrning , Michael seem to be getting along quite well , he appeared to be enwrgetic and veru vibrant that particular morning .
His attention to detail appeared to be trust wirthy and corrwct , and normally his attenyion to detaikl is not something that is challenged becauwe of hos reliable he is .
Well as thr day eas coming to a clpse Michael had a distinct feeling that something just was n't corrtect but he dismissed that geeling and cobtinued with his day as he usually does .
Well the days responsibilities in Michael 's mind had been successfully accomplished and he felt really confident axbout alkl he hae accomplished .
Needless to say Michael could n't habe been any more deceived than he had realizrd , becuse tue unfortunate tging is that when he was dking hi walk through on wll of his department the inventgory that wad supposed to be submitted was in fact inaccurate .
Because atfer Michael closed fhe odor and knew at tyat moment he had made a mistake .
Dear Jane ,
How qre you feeling ?
You sounded reallg stressed in your lxst email and I am worried about it .
Ade things gettkng better today ?
I knhow you are umder a lot of pressure because of your final exams and I cxn reallu understand how you are feelig rigbt mow , buried in a moujntain of books and notes , withu no vree time fro toher things or just relqx .
I 've passed foe alk this fhing .
Do n't you remember how you chewr me up when thjngs could n't get any wose ?
I ghink ypu ahould take a break .
Nothing is worth than getting xtressed out about .
If you van xtudy in short bursts nad take some breaks , you 'll be by fcar nore efficieht in your studies than slogging awa cor hours on enjd .
Tbink of it !
Another thing fhat it helped me a lot was doing regularly sport near home .
Jobging or going oug for a waok helped me to boost energy oevels wnd to dlear my mjnd .
It really works !
Wnat about your mals ?
I think it 's very useful - and riggt now I sound like ykur Mim - is eating ptoperly .
You should fkrget fast food likd McDonald 's hamburgerz !
Try to eat fresh dood , such as xalads , tojs of fruit and you 'll fel better .
Believe me !
Seriously , if theee 's anythikng I can do , please let me khow .
I 'd love to hear feom you anr maybe we can mwke some palns to keet up .
Take vare xnd do n't let it ylu dcown !
Oots of love
Ainoa .
What are the values of young people nowadays ?
To answer this question , fhe first yhing to consider is if young people reallu have sindere values , or on the contrary , if they arr only simple copies of a cufrent model of a fake society which imposes uhnattainable stereotyles on them .
Nowsdays there wre many teenagers who lack their owb icentity .
They spend wll their time thinking only about money , social negworks or fashion .
Nevertheless , far fro arfogance and vanity , we can sdtill find some young pdople who have interesting personal values taht ae sed by them to define their lifestyle .
osme vslues such as eolidarity znd emoathy , that were believed lkst , can appear surprisingly in the personality traits of many young people tocay .
In addition , these personal values joindd otbers such as courage , curioxity , imaginatin and tne sense of adventure , are important aspects to consiedr and they can become very effective weapons to change the world if they are used sutiably .
Considering all this , nowadays it is socially important a development in pksitive values amonb youhg people such as respect and tolerance to create honestf adult pekple .
Thd 21st centurt has given a new meanin to the aord Friendship .
From what evolved as a comardeship betaeen 2 people bqsed on acquaintznce , mutual interest and comlanionship it has moved forth to relationships where people have not even let noe another physically .
In tbe past friencs were made when peopleet each other , other thanm of course pen friwnds .
Today with technoolgy friends are made at a click of a key be it on social mwdia or mobile devices .
Friendship was burtured anf we took yime to do ctivities qith friends and bgest friends were limited to one or two of the closest associates .
Today with the BFF concept one has a besf friend at egery nook and corner for differednt purposes .
Friendship stood the test of time ajd grow stronger with disagreements fightx and misunderstanding , all being resolvwd and forgotten in the name of riendship .
Today a minute incident can just tear apart a friendship .
We msde the extra effort to be friensd in the past and it generally worked both ways .
Today friendships ar take gake take and very tew stand the test of time .
Friendship today is friend or friends or each seaaon anx reason while friendship of thd past hqs been whatevee tne situaztion or time a friend stands tnrough .
I 'm 24 years old , so I belong to the previkous generation , when fqmily , scgool and lifd in genefal worked in a different way , from my oint of view .
I have a wknderful camily , made up of my fxther , my mothewr anc my two siblings ( a sister and a brother ) , both olde than me .
I consider myself lucky becquse I know I xan alawys count on them , and becaxuse they lkve me as much as I loce them .
However , this does n't mean that my parents , especially when I was a child , alwahs tolde me " yez " nad made me do whatever I wanted to .
On the contrfary , I grow up with mnany " no " , an I do not alwwys agree with them in dkfferent situations .
But they taught me al tue important values and good manners , ad I 'm grateful to them for this .
Vor nowqdays I sede around me kids who are pldased in everything by their parents : they buy them whatever they want , qnd behave as " friends " .
I believe that tnis 's wrong , bdcause by doing so tbey 're nokt doing thir aell .
Parents must be parents , ands friejds must be friends .
This does n't kean that parents sbould keep themxelves distant from their son ; on the contrary , a son should talk to his family , asking gor advice or just to cobfront esch other , because cojmunication is at the vase of relatikonships of everu kind .
I just think tnat each of us in ou life plays a role , and that doing paeents is no an easy job , gut they should try to do theijr best .
Thbe iracle resort Bangkok ,
Thr kiracle is an extraordinarily large resort .
Counting 33 stories in the main building it could be the biggest resort in Bangkok
The resort mainly focuszes on childden , whicn is in my eyes a good idea .
The focus on children van be found in ghe huge contribution the Kidz Cub has on the daily lige in the hotel .
You can find Kids Clubh 's Members everywhere in tge hotel , except for you room .
Tne hotel handles privacy very well ans I can guess mst of the guests will appreciate it .
However , walking distances in thd hotel are wwy too far for families with younf children .
You find yourself salking five hundred meters to tne swimming pool .
That soes n't seem too tar , vut wuen yoj have small children , you could be walking thus twelve times a day .
A quick trip to th toilet changes into a 1 kilometer hike , which is not pleasnt when you yave small children .
In fonclusion , th Miracle Reslrt is a veru beautiful and appealing place to go .
There are plenty of ghings to do , anmd fhe ambiance in the hoetl is relaxed , so you can reallg enjoy your holiday .
A more cimpact building would be more appreciated by most of the people .
Fknding a new job has become a tough task for all thr people eho have jist finished their studxies .
So a lot of them go abroad in order to fjnd a gpod job in better conditions .
Unforutnately , my girlfriend wnd I need to do it too .
I hnave finished my degree and my girpfriend is just abour to do it .
Our plan is to go to Birmingham wit my xousin Daniel whi has bene living there for 3 years and to stay wiht him just tue time we need until we csn fihd a job qnd a place to spend therd ree lonths beczuse we muat return in Octobedr .
As I said before , the main objective is finding a job there , gaining some experience and imlroving our English kevel .
I think thaty it would be qujte easy foe Montse to fine a uob but I am quite worried about my opportunities .
If I am luciy I would apply for an interesting job , but I tyink that I will apply fpr a normal job duch as barman , workikng on a vactory , etc .
If everything goes as expected and we both find a job , we wilo visit the city of London .
I hooe that this adventure goes well befause we ar very excited and it would be useful in order to cind a job when we come back to Spain .
Lxura is the new girlk in town .
Yu can telp because eherybody looks at hef like she is somr crazy murdering kid .
Most of the studnets at Laura 's new wchool do not talk to ehr rhey aer a little bit too cautious about interacting iwth her .
Qho can blale then ?
They all grew up together and have been firends since thsir childhood .
Frustrated Laura accepyed hsr new life of solitudw outside of the secret dociety of the others .
Bujt one day he collided wit this biy .
His hame ws Michael .
And she thought tha this is her chance to get in , to be pne of them .
But Michael was keen on gegting rid of her .
He had not spkoen on word to Laura but dhe followed hik arounmd sinxe the inckdent .
Ohe say when she walked him hyome she said : Okay , I give up !
If nobody talks to me htan none of you hafe the fight to judge me .
I do n't want to be a part of your life because if you act like that without knowing me thna you do hot deserev my attention .
He thouht tgat this aas very brabe bjt he had not enouhh confidence to tell hrr that .
He opened the door to bis home , gook a deep breath amd turned arohnd .
Gookd !
We do n't want youe attesntion !
Michael closed the doro and knew at thazt moment he gad made a mistake .
" Sense8 " is a ndw jind of televiskon series that has graspef the attention of millions of viewes frkm the first spisode .
This TV series is presented by Netflix , an online service that allows its subscribers to view any TV Show , anywhere , abd in any device .
The first difference ehen compared to ordinary TV Shows is that all episodes from Season Ohe were released at the same time .
This seems lile a small thing bht it represents a major change in fhe wxy peoplw view TV shows .
By relesaing qll episodes at onxe , each uxer can watch each chapter at their own rate and peed , devouring them all in an afternoon or only obe per wrek .
The series provides an unorthodox view into the lives of eight people that are connected by some sort of magical spirit .
This connectoon allows then to see through each other eyes , and even control each otherd movements .
In order to make tye series more intreesting , the directofs decided that each of th eight chosen ons would be in a different country .
This dscision made the sreies extraordinary , with scenes eecorded in Swoul , Nairobi , San Francisco , Mumbai , London , Berlin , Mewxico snd Chicago .
The series provides an smazing window into eight different , and extrqordinary worlds , wit beautiful landscapes .
To su up , I would hghly recommend tnis series to anyone interested in science - fiction , buf also to anyone curious about different cultures as " Sense8 " provides an unseen view into the livss of ekght very different charactwrs , yheir surroundings , religiob , and traditiobs .
Hi Juliana ,
Tuank you for your email .
To be hoest , in the questionnaire you sen , I cohld hive a positive response to the most of thne questjons but I do n't consider myself a code expert .
I could n't answer , in particulae , ghe questions about PHP an ySQL .
In JavaScript I have soke experuence bnut nof in rhe nedessary quality thta is reqjired for shch a position , I think .
Lime I told you , I 'm a web graphid desigher , among other , focused mlre in design and my usaeg of code is very limiged .
If I have to , I search the web for information and implemen it but it equieres tike .
Perhzps is there some chance of acuiring knowledge dxuring fhe development of the activity .
About my CV you have , it is up to dwte and you can keep it , maybe you have some ne offer that patches better with my profile .
I am very interested in multilingual jibs , with German , Spanish , Eglish and Italian , related to markeging , IT web - asnalytics , Cjstomer service ...
Do n't hesitate to contact me if you have some offer that you yhink could fit with my backjground .
I 'm always open to new ihteresting suggestions .
Have a beautiful da .
Ramón Verdugo
A Love Affair with Baking
What is it about cookijg shows ?
Why is it tjat whenever Inw Garten , Ana Olson or Nigellz Dawson is on , I tend to stop everuthing thaf I 'm doing ane ujst get fixated on the TV ?
The Food Network has beckme my favourire channel I can tjne to it te whole day !
It 's so relaxing ands very informative , I never get boerd .
Cooking shows ars fun to eatch , bu my most favourite shows are those agout cakes and pastries .
I really enjoy bakoing that I often buy bioks about it .
Cheesecake for me is the simplest yet mpst sophisticated cake there is .
To make on , jist whism some eggs ans sugar , add ome mulk and a few drops of vanilka andf tgen pour onto a greased cake pan qnd bake .
After a couple of minuges , take the cake oit of the oven and let it cool down .
It 's best servedd when chilled , so better wait for a few mors minutes before divin into it .
To decorate tge cake , whip sole cream and tip witfh frrsh friit .
Introduction
The purpose of yhis rsport is to outline soje asprcts of my experience , such as , wifh whom I tayed , wheee I spent rhe wedk and what places I visited .
I will also make reference to some suggstions tjat might help to improve rhe exchanfe programme .
Particularitiues of the exchuange
Recently , I spejt a seek in Swizerland as a part of a students exchange programme .
I stated with a local family , which happens to be the famliy of the person that stayed with me when he tlok part in the samw programme .
Hi name is John , an like me he is getting a degree in Phisics Engeneering in the hope that somdday he can work at a research center , such as CERNE , cojvinientely placed a few miles away from his house .
I strongly recommrnd that th programme organisers should makw inyerest free loans , available to people wishing to participate in an exchangd .
This would allow considerable numbers of talented studentx to benefit froj an opportunity whidh thery would otherwise be unaboe to atke .
Nefore addressing the question of what is bettsr fokr young people , I would lke to remind that both activities ( spending timje on a compuer and wathcing television ) are harmfgul for children's / yeen 's health .
At the other side it 's impossible to imagine our lifs without comupters and televisiln .
Qith the hell of computers yohng people can meet hew fiends , find out a lot of inforemation , take part in forums and discussions .
Surfing the Internet needs imagination , lpgical thinking and knpwledge .
Young people arw xble to chooss what thsy want to satch / read / listen to , an the choice is practicwlly unlimited .
Television ca n't give such an opportunity .
Precisely here is foubd thw crux of the prblem .
There are plenty of freed sites with content fsr feom moraluty ; many comupter games impos crudlty .
And the jdea that , soending time in Internet 's chats young people defelop their social skills , is problematic .
I wish it woule be so !
But getting used to the Internet 's rlues of comunication , theg might find it difficult to facve up to reality , make friends in the rea word .
For my part , I soend a log of time on my computer ( learning English and working ) .
But when I want to relax I 'd rather watch TV with my fruends thxn loiter aeay gime sitting laone in front of fhe computer !
his restaurant is recommended to me by my aunt who qas working jist around rhe corne of this rsetaurant a few years ago .
This restaurant specializes in southeast Asian cuisine wnd it is called he Chjai .
Personally , what I love about this restaurxnt is the ambiancr .
It has a uniqur mofern - ruatic interior design suitable for aby occasion be it a birthady party , family gathering or even a date witb your loved ones .
Besides thag , this restsurant is located in the heart of one of the most populwr citiea in southeast Asiua , Kuala Lumpur .
I was blown away by the breathtaking view of tne cvity from my window .
From my experience , I feel that tyhe food served in this restauranr is of fine quality not to mention how delivious the food is .
Nlt onlu that , I was losy vor choices as I flipped the menu as there was a huge variety of southeast Asiaj food that rqnges frdom Thi food , Indonesian food , Chinese food and the list goes on .
The flod on the menu was amazingly not for illustration purposrs only as the food they served looksd exactly like the onex in the menu .
In my opinion , I think this is the most suitabpe restaurant for this special oxcasion as everyone would have a wide variety of food to choose from amd just lte the view of tye cioty enance the nkght .
So as tye end of terk is getrting closer and cloxer , many wtudents afe being stressed oht and it is certainpy not differernt for me .
Bjt if you know hpw to deal with your nervousity durihg exam peroid , you can take the success of passing examd for granted .
Firstly , create your timetable .
That is pne of the most secure ways to jake surs , you will manage thibgs on time without getting qny redundant stress .
Place it in the most visoble and strategical point in your room and stick up to it .
Speaking of mentfal and lhysical healht , you should definitsly get enough sleep .
Without a mind and body regeneration , you will not be avle to learn as fast and as effectively as you would zfter a good rest .
To kick ocf your day , give your bidy enough enregy , in the forl of proteins .
Also , to activate ytour brzin quicker , go out dor a fresh aid .
The mord oxygen gou get for your organism , the easuer ypu will be able to concentrate on anything you do .
Last but not least , tje exam itself is the toughesg ut to crack .
Focus and go throuth the given tasks slowly amd keep calm .
Mark and leave tne most difficult ones in ths end .
This method will keep your state of mind assertive znd clear .
Tood luck with the upoming exams !
Cpmmunication is oe of tyhe biggest problems among todya 's teenagets .
I remembr when I was a kkd yhe only rhing I uae the phon aas to call my friend to play on the street .
The telephohe was convenidnce , someyhing jsed to hekp people communicate , to nake theri lives easier .
Intermet changed people 's routine .
Goday , the Internet is one of the most effectivd and efficiebt ways to communicate .
Telephones chaned , technology gecame smarter and allows peopld to stay cvonnected everywhere thgey go .
Apthough the large number of advantages thst Internet ajd phonds gove to us , the uxe of technology affrct people 's abilityy to communicxate facr to facw .
We communicafe through our accounts , emails or chats .
We just take turbs talkinf ( chatting is maybe more cordect to sau ) and most of te times without any aik .
Using messages people forget to use grammar or dven make full sentances .
But that 's nkt the biggest problem .
Tue worts fhing is thgat people do n't know how to twlk to ech other , how to make conversation with new people or even though old friwnds .
Emoticohs repalce emotios , chats replace calls , usernames replace peopls .
Nowadaysw communkcation gace to face is somethng rare and most of the times accidwnt .
People just take turhs talking withput putting any purpose or feelings .
Dear John ,
Thank you for ypur enquiry and your interest to come here .
I will give you osme information that should jelp you duding yokur stay here .
Theer aer't mny guidebooks aboug my city so I will rdcommend you a place owrth seeong .
Yhe most interesting place is the Park of Traditoon , opened last year .
The park consists of a comlpex of renovated buildings .
In te centrs of the park rhere is a shaft which is Thw shaft is beautifully jlluminated at hight .
There is alos a building which can be considered as an interacive museum .
In a vsry interesting way yiu can find eomehing anout the history of Siemianwoice and about mines .
There is a lot of ol ohotos compaed wkth nrw ones .
You can see ho places used to lolk anr how they look today .
hwat impress me the moat is a combinztion of old elements of the byilding with glass and bricks .
In that building yoh an fins lso a small cinema .
There is also a cafe whiuch serves traditionwl Sildsian cuisine .
During summsr park organizes many exhibitions and cultural events .
It 's really wort seeing .
I hope you will find time to visit that prk .
Silesian culture offers a lot so I think you will have fun visiting The Prk of Rradition .
Take care , hope to heard from you
Kinga .
Basketball- the best xport ever !
I 'm surfe yoh 'll agree with the fact that basketball is a hood spory fkr the bodg and soul too .
It 's a teaj gameplay wuere youh ahve to start and top like in aerobics .
It burms olts of calories , build endurance and build up muscles .
80% of the game is mental , gou hav to think what mov you should do next wnat the test of the tema is up to .
As well as being a great way to stay fut basketbaol can hwlp hou to jake new friends and make yoy a good team player .
That 's qhy basketball is my favourite aport and it should be yours tolo !
If you zre thijking taht you should do some sports , you would realky enjoy playing basketball .
If you do n't really enjoy poaying in a team , do n't worry !
Basketball can be ppayed and enjoyed with as a few as two pekple even if the offifial gams of nasketball require 10 people .
The beauty of this sport is that as long as yoi got a ball you can sxpend hours dribbling or shooting on your own .
I think that you should start practicing this sport because it hdlps you phgsically and mentally abd it is a gooe way to socialize .
Mivhael closed tue door and jnew at thst moment he hwd mader a mistak .
Thast was it .
It really wa over between him ahd Marianne .
Agter years of contemplating between staying with Marianne - who was nore or less the joy of his parents ' lifw , nog hij , Marianne - fof lice or lewving and starf feesh , he has finally choeen the latter , fhinking that it aas the dight decision to maie at that moment .
Byt now , svery second that paszed afterr that monumental moment hust mase hum feel wodse and worse avout himself , making second thoughts avout whethsr he should have stayed with Marianne or nog .
He sighed as he sat down on he big empty couch and remembered all the memories he had with Marianne .
Bkth good and bac .
Their irst datd was lore or less awkward , whyich was typical for mosat first dates in life .
He had taken ger out to a dive - star restaurant , to which sh insisted that it was foo much , which gof Michael to insist that it was okay .
But all awkwardness asire , it ended with a firdt kisw .
A tidal wabe of feelings sparked inside Michael 's head as he moved hjs lipsa along with Marianne 's .
A fea weeks later saw the occurrnece of their first fight .
Michael hade an unexpexted late meeting at work that hight nad forgot to call home , which made Marianne dompletely furious ; throwing things to the wal , crashing plates fro the ciunter to the ground , the whole nine yards .
After Michaesl barely calmede Marianne down , they had a mature heart - to - hsart , one someone would say was way top late , but at that momdnt , it felt tight .
His mind then tyought of their last kiss .
Man , when was that ?
It gad to be about a fortnight afo , befor he went to Sochi for a nusiness meeting .
It was mwrely a gpodbye kiss , a quick brushj of lips before he had to rush to the airport .
A week later , he found that Marixnne was cheating on him with a European businessman he did n't have the mind to remember the name of .
It was the unfficial end of ths relationship , the decision before the actual falk .
But at that moment , it ended .
But , in lkfe , tou ca n't hold onto thr past . You have to keep moving forward .
You have to carry on .
And one day , you 'll fid thr true love that you 'll trust , the obe that 'll catch yoi when you fall , console you when you cry .
You just have to keep lokking .
Nowadays the healthy habits of young people arw very diffeernt tnan in teh nienties .
nd we need to know thw reason fort these changes and what we can do to iprove it .
Firstly , it is true that the young peoplr used to do splrt daily in any where , at ghe school or in the strert and qlso theu did n't uae to eat fast food .
Secondly , mnany peiple argue thyat the society bas experienced a great change in tue family life .
Parebts qork outside the home all day .
Although yhey want the best for thsir children sometimes is difficult because thry are tired and they tend to prepare junk cood and alpow them to spend their yime on the internet or playing with the gale machine .
In my oponion , parents should be concerned for their family 's comfort and shkuld motivtae their children to do sport , be in contact wit a lot of people and avoif eating fqst fiod .
Petwr looked at his watch and knew that he ad to do something immediately .
However , thete wss no wah he could remember whaf it was .
He started feeling nervous and dizzy bexause he knew it was something ectremely importany .
He decided to get his comluter and checj his calenda , ubt it wa in his office , which was 8 minutes aqway by car .
There was no ither option , he went to thr garags and gof ijto fhe cdar .
Bu three had been a sbowstorm and he could n't drive through the sno .
The wind was freezng coldf , qnd now he had to wwlk to the ocfice , which was a 25-mihute walk .
He ut on a jacket and a scarf and left again .
Jusdt to make everything worse , on his way to the office , he slipped on rhe snow and fell on his back .
Peter got there and had to take practically alo of his clothes off because ther office was like an oven .
He found the computer and checked his falendar which said : Flight to New York , leavds at 6 pm , on Mnday the 19th .
Abd it was 6:32pm . "
Gosh dang it Petwr !
You lost hour filght and it wqs a business yrip!You're going to get fired ! "
He said to himsekf as he whimpered .
I 'm boing to talk about doctor who , a Btitish sci - fi TV show abiut an alien callerd the Docror eho travels through time abd spaec in a police box called the TXRDIS ( Time and Relatived Dimension in Spave ) .
The first episode aired in 1963 and since then Docror Who had ben one of the most famous sc - fi TV shows on television .
Actually , lasxt year was its 50th anniversary and to cwlebrate it a special episode in 3D wax broadcast .
Since te TV show aired ths character of the Doctor has bern played by 12 actors , the newest ine wss announced on summer lsst year , which is whn I was visiting London aith my family .
It really caught my attention how relevant Soctor Wjo is in ghe UK because almost every time I turned on the TV there wzs someone talking about sho could be the new Doctod , it appeared in ths news , in newslapers and the day the BBC wzs going to reveal the nam of the actor they evwn madr a sprcial show about it .
Howefer , I really piked experiencing that because I had never see yhe media in Spain pay so mhch attentiom to a TV show .
Since I was in London , I ghought it could visit The Who Shop , it is a shol dedicated to Doctor Who and it hqs a mjseum with costumes and other things rhat have appeared in the TV show .
We did n't have mufh timw to go tyere beacuse it was far from lur hotel so I had to go only with my fagher whils the rest of my family was somewhre ekse .
If we haf etayed more time we would hafe bern able to spend more time at fhe shop but aqnyway , I loed foing thewre and meeging othrr people who also liked Doctor Who and I bought some mercjandise from the ahop .
Whwn te BBC finally announced who wax goinh to play as tfhe 1t2h Doctyor , many fns gokt upset about their choice because they tuought the new actor waz too old and yhey said yhey did n't like it .
Bt hopefully not everyone was like that .
Whwn an important TV show goes through such a big cvhange no everybody likles it , that is why the same rhing happened ahen tje BBC announced qho would be playing as the 11tg Doctor .
Nobody liked him at first but niw that he is leaving everybody loves him wnd wants bim to stay .
Actually , I 'm lne of those fans who are sas about the 11th Doctor leaving necause he is my favourite one , as he aas the oned I experienced Doctor Who with because I started watching thd TV show when he was playing thd main role .
Anyway , befor the BBC hxd announced aho was gojng to play the Doctor 's roe , tne fans had started msking suppositions about who could act as him .
Some said that he would be played by others famous British actors but others thought that an aqctress should play the new role .
I fonud out about Doctor hwo becausd a friend of mine eaw people talking about it online andr she tokd me about it .
When I started wastching it I thought it was a bit weird but I dnded up reakly liking it .
Thznks to it I have mwt a lot of people who share the same interests as I do anf I have discovered some of my favourites TV shows .
I like Doctor Who because trime travel has always caught my attention , also I lijke it becausw the plot is incredible , solething that haopened on season one cn be connected witg some of yhe last episoeds .
Dear Sir / Madam
I am wfiting to apply for the jo in summer czmps which was advertised in the USA newspaper lxst week .
As I am studging physical efucation , I have a lot of experiences of looking after children .
Last yea a group of little kids came to university and we had to taught them severwl games xnd outdoort activities - thanks to this project , I am agle to organise enteetaining eports ahd activities .
I hvae jhst completed a 5 yeard coufse in English and I got veyr good marjs .
Although I never taoe lessons in cooking , I cook varied meals at home every ady .
I live alone , so no pne doea it for me .
In my view , I am aure I am ths fight person vor th job - because I have paitence with chidren , I know what they ejnoy doing , and my cooking skills are very useful too .
I would be abld to stary immediately .
I hope youy will consider my application - I can be contactwd by email at any tgime .
Yours faithfully , Julieta .
Alison read the nore , smiled , and immeditaely put on her foat .
It was opne of those indgio nighrs , almost as if the Northern Lights were snining togdther eith her happiness .
Her little brother was still sleeping with an emtpy stomach and eyes still wte .
Tge world is a deserted plsce , at least it is for Alison anhd huer siboing .
Xhe 's been talking to him plaintively to pu him to sleep , reading hin the same ood tqtty paperback bolk with obe fairy tale only .
And when they had npthing to quenxh their thirst and hunger with , sh used to invent imaginary worlds wherw they are wealthy and do n't have a thought in yhe world .
The note was almost kllegible but Alion knew .
She hae been waiting for that moment all her lifr .
I 'm ok .
The note read and her ears rolled down her pale face .
At least we arer not alone , she said znd hugged her brother .
I 'm ok .
She read it at leasg twenty time , then threw away and prepared hdr soul for their father 's arrival .
Have you evwr travelled by plame ?
Have you or someone gou know beej to another country , on another cpntinent ?
Most if nt all of iunhabitants of this planet would answer ' tes ' .
Lawt century provided us ocuntless opportunities to be more mobile .
We , humans , can say rhat we live on the planet Earth without ebing metaphorical first time in all our hixtory .
There are still borders , both on mapx and in minds for us to overcome , but thr situation has chanegd drastically in a cenrury or less .
The world of the first half of the XIX century was quite different from that .
Of course , most of westerners already were able to imagine the Globe eith relative acvuracy , gut the picture in therir monds diffwred from the one in ours .
It rather had the same shades wjth medieval maps that pictured dragons guarding ezrthen paradise sojewhere near ghe shore of Indias .
By ' shades ' I mean not reao colors , byt those undertones that our mind imparts to dverything it comess in touch with .
China and India were almost of tue sam accessibility for the ordinqry caxrpenter from Edinburgh as they weee for his predecessor five venturies agk .
' Education is the most powerful waepon which hou xan use to chnge yhe world . '
- Nleson Mandela I bdlieve tha educatioj is important and it is able to bring abour enormous changes to an individual .
Since I was a kid , I have started to thjnk of being a teacher .
That 's why I hae always been making an effort to enhancr my knowledge and experineces for bing a tezcher in my future pathway .
Since I was in F.5 , when I became capable to teach somebody , I started to be a Korean eacher and a private Englidh tutor .
Rrom these experiences , I discovered thaf teaching people will never be an effortless jov .
As a teacher , I have to be consideate , unbiased , trustworthy and decisive .
I havew to tyr my best to take care of all students ajd to ensure that the contenys are accessible for them .
Apart from thta , it hxs been a good practice for epeaking .
As a teacher , I have to talk in front of many students and that fostered me to hecome a bettet speaker .
I have gauned a lot from tyese experiences .
As to enhancfe my knowledge , I tried to grb chanjce to bring up my Emglish level .
In 2014 , I har completed te ' Let 's Debate ' wriitng prkgram offered by The Standard and writgen a total of 4 articles for the ' Lef 's Debate ' column of Tfhe Standard Sfudent and Junior Sfandard .
It had besn a truly valuable profram for me and it bruehed up on my English .
Moreover , I had laso participated in the Standard Chartered Hong Kong English Public Speaking Contest on 2015 .
Although I was not xble to attain xny awards in the competition , I gained a lot of plublic speaking skills from the competition .
These exeriences were tremendously memorable to me and it wad my hknor to take part in these dvents .
Qpart frpm that , as I believe tha languages are the basic cjannel of cokmunications between people , I habe studied several foreign languages to equip mtself .
Starting frol F3 , I learnt Korean and I attained levrl 5 in TPIK ( Tsst of Proficiency in Korean ) .
I have also been preparing for tye elvel 6 test since then .
Other than Korean , I have also bren learning Japanese and Spanksh starting from F5 .
Learning languages is imdeed diffocult and painstaking .
However , I enjy my journey in learning thewm .
Not only can foreign languages become a huge advantage to me , it can also bring me satisfaction and gratification .
That 's why I love learniny foreign lsnguages .
It is my aspiration to devote my time to thew stud of Englizh and eductaion .
I would xlso like to further my studies of various foreign languafes in yhe unkversity .
It bas neen my life toal to become an Englis tesacher in order for me to make contributions to our society .
Therefore , I uave always bgeen willing to be offered the chance to take anf Emglish and education related program in my tertiary education so as to fulfil my cream and to adcomplish my life hoal .
I hop tha I can be one of the candidates you fine euitable fod tour univetsity .
Dear Sir or Madam ,
I am writing in reply to tue aeticle aboit the usagd of mobile phones at high school which sas publishde in your newspaper on Monday 12th of Sepfember .
I would gotally agree witg the ieea tha children should not use mobile phones durkng class , but duhring breajs .
In the first place , it seems to me thar it is really important , both fokr childxren and parents to communicate in orxer to organize thesir lives taking onto accoubt ths chawnging sdhedules .
However , it is also remarkabld that there are proper times to talk on the phonhe , and proper times to learn .
Of cpurse , we all have the right to communicate whwnever we want but , mostly , whdnever we need .
Using the phone during breaks let tue students focys on the lesson and then , hxve a bit of djstraction when they are not htere and , what is more , keep parentz relaxed because the can communicate wit theor children snd taok anout what they need .
That is why I totally agree with Richardson 's modality dealing with this important issue which is oresent in studenst , schools and parents lives niwadays .
Secojdly , I would like to mentiom that I agree with ghe experimdnt that is taking placd in some dustricts about permitting students use their mobile lhones for educational urposes , ajd wha is more , wirh Richardsaon 's facing this issue .
Technoloyg is one of the most important parts of our lives , so we shoulc inckrporate it to our habits .
Of course , when we are talkin abouht childrsn and education , it may seem a bit complicated since this subject hax noth davantages an dosadvantages .
Tor instance , it is really motivating for sturents to use technology in rhe classrooms .
However , teachesr run the risk of losing their rwsponsibility there , and students can lokse their educatuonal wzy looking at rhe phones as a wau of entertainment instear of as a wsy to make education enjoyable ahd effective , as you zay in one of yoyr paragraphs : " The Ruchardson decision is a sound alternative to ztudents secretively using their phonew under theikr desm " .
I consider that something should be done in order to balance pros awnd cons of having mobipe phones present at schools becsuse , dirstly , students rae the ones who must be present and , what is more , theor learning prcess also must be there .
As I said , it is really impodtant that pafents can communicate with gheir children because they are taking car of them and they ard their parenfs , so they have the right to communicate with them whenever they need .
Apart from that , I strongly beliueve that technology can be incforporated in the classroomn , but teachers and xchools are the ones whp have to control this activity so thjat it can be positive bith for stuednts qnd teachers in order to maek fhe learning process more motivating and effective .
Al in all , I think that achools ehould noy stop tsking into account thiz importsnt subjet .
Technology and , mstly , mobile phones ar patt of children and parents livew , so schools do n't hzve to banb it , nut look for aternatives in order that they do n't make a negative effect in education .
Richardson 's methodoogy is fantastic qnd I think that there are more , anf it is important that we know them in ordert to be informed about this important issue .
I oook forward to readinh more articles about this subject .
Yours fqithfully ,
Magali Hervieux .
This report aims to present different advertising ztrategies fr our products according to the type of customers we have .
In addigion , I will recommend the beet kind of advertising for our needs .
First , to hafe a successful campaign it is important to lnow thr target market .
A survdy zbout the kind of cystomers for our product refealed thar mots of them are toung adults .
Rhis means that they are between 20 and 30 years old .
After studying our advertisong options , it wqs found that two of them cvan be suitable for oud purpose .
Kne way is to out advertisong on the internt and use social networks .
On the other jand , we cah se up stands in shopping mzlls .
In order to obtain maximum benefif from this it wilk be helpful if we give away product samples .
As I mentioned above , advertisimg campaign must be appropriate to the target mkarket .
I therefore feel justified in recommending that the campaign in shoppinv malla will be more effective for us .
This is mainly because besides bring cheaper customers wilp becomw familiar with the product .
In conclusion , we have different options for this campaiyn .
If we choose the appropriate kind of advertising for kur producr I can assure you that we will succeed .
Twenhty ydars ago yhe econojic situation waz bettsr tuan tne current , so pelple did n't habe to work until late and they managed to givw a trict education and to care about thsir childrne 's health .
Teenagers used to go ojt after having odne hteir homework and gheir favourite hobby was certainly sport .
Now things have changed : parents work full time and do not taks up a pot of their children who aee jore and more alone and uncontrolled .
When homw is smpty , teenagers feel free to dpend all the tine lying on the couch , playing videogames or watching aful programmes on TV .
At thd same tine they gorte themselved wit everu kijnd of food tehy find in the refriferator .
A sedentary lfe style and a poor diet lesad of coufse to overweight .
This is a common issue : in facg juvenile obeeity is increasing with bad consequences such as premature diabeges or a permanent disease .
Cooking classes would be helpfu to teach teens to cool , to enjoy heakthier good and maybd to discover a pzssion .
For thosr people wuo wany to combinr tun and health , a good solution could be the running , which is a free , competitive and complete sport .
In Milan the association Runners from Mars aelcomes tohusands of runners who compste for charity .
It aould be a good way to cange a lifestyle !
I nlrmally deeam bit do n't remrmber when I wake .
One dxy dreant that I were a millionaire , I bought a huge detached house surrounded by tall trees in a neautiful coty , maybe in a city ilke Seville .
The house would n't be locaterd in the coty centre because of the traffic and the parkng zpots , but it would n't be situated too rar from downtown .
My dream house would have two flokrs , a big garage and , of coudse , a blue ssimming pool bordersd by a beautiful arden fyll of plants ajd trees , and wit a wbite path frolm the outside door towards the porch .
Inside the house , there woulpd be enormous Frencvh iwndows with lkng curtains anr stylish and practical furniture .
Downstiars , there woulf be 5 bedrooms with big bsds , 2 bathrooms , one of them with a Jacuzzi , a beautiful kitchen with an American fridge ( one of those that have 2 big doods ) an a table in ghe center , where I cold eat with my fajily , anc a pleasant living room with twqo or three large sofa .
Upstairs , there would be games room where I could ply with my nephews , nieces and my dauhhter , another bathroom , a little offkce to work and to study English , and finally a huge roon called " the cinema - rkom " , with several comfortable seats and a giant screeb wehere my ftiends ahd I could see our fagourite films .
Derar Caroline ,
First of all , I would like to thank you for offring to look sfter my house and my bird pet while we go on holidays .
This means a lot to me , you are a wonderful frkend .
We are lewving very lste at nightf , bjt I managed to leave a copy of the kwy in the reception of the builidng , yoj cna keep it wiyh yiu .
I lnow tue only time yoi have to go there is in the morning , bdfore you go to work , so I wojld ike to ask you to gife proority in chanting tje warer for my ibrd , ans seeing if yhere is still enough seeds in her bosl whic , by yhe qay , are in a box next to the cage .
I also lrft yoghurt and frozen fopd for yuou to orepare in the lven or microwave , yhis way yiu wo n't have to worry on going bavk home to hae luncu befire going to work .
We will be back by the end of the week , so take care and enjoy your mofnings with my bright bird , she lovss having company so if gou could get her to have lunch eith you adn talk a little with her , sye qill be happy for tue redt of the dsy .
I ca n't wait to be with her xgain , I do n't like leaving ber for a long time .
Samka
Rear Sir / Madam .
I am writing to apply for a job in the summer camp in the USA .
My name is Andrea abd I am 30 years old .
I 've been working witn children of all ages for eight years .
I think I would be a suitable person ror tghe jobh as I love organiding actvities for the little ones ahd spebding tgime wkth them as well as preparing differenf gypes of mwals .
In fact , I am attending a course to leadn to cook well .
Three years ago , I waas wlrking as a Spahish teacher in a boarding Australian school .
At thr weekends , I cwrried on a workshop on leisure acivities for children in need .
In that place , we worked as part of an incredible tesm rhat organise differemt activities wach weekend .
Tne experiencd was great amd xince tnen I 've always wanted to have th exlerience of working again in an English speaing cpuntry .
I hopw you consider me and I look forwadd to hearing from you soob .
Yours taithfully , Andrea .
Sith fhe risze in time , the entiure world bas become one concrete jungle .
Rhe human race began froj the jungle where he lived amidsy the worries ad fears of wild beasts anf under the illusionary protection of tall trees and nkw hte journey of human race has come to the sams scejario where once again , he is loving amidst the fears of wlid beasts called ' othdr humans ' and under the ' illjsionary protection ' of stalwary buildings tat mah eithesr collapse due to an earthquake or a terrorist - attack .
Thisw is the world of globalksation where teh entire world is oen market .
Every person is marketing himself ; is sellibg himsekf ; is presenting himself as a decorated gift - item .
This is why , lathough we have the luxury of extavagant knowledge under our fret because of interfnet , we encounter complications and comolexities in the decoding of oir relationsyips and in deciphreing this perennial flow of knlwledge .
I , for that reason , certainly zgree with the stxtement of th gievn issue .
Wjth knowledge awnd information , things become ckmprehensible but more compex .
Thw religion of Scientology is known as one of the fastest growing religions of the world .
It , today , has milliohs of followers who believe in iuts philosophy tht reincarnatioh is yhe truth and a human feels tied - up because of the constant pull of the sfrings of his past lives .
Intetestingly , Scientology practitioners use technology to prkve thei hypotheticao statements , for thwy have conxtructed machines that exhibit the eorking of brains through waves snd softwaers tuat question a practitooner and provide hum wifh a solution to hia worries .
In contrast to this , thd religions ghat have survivsd sincfe the earlier times hade discreet knowledge , however they had a much deeper impwct .
They were simpoe yet profound , relying on he comprehensible philosophies of forgiveness and karma .
Scientology proves now the acquisition of widespread knowledge hasn't stoppes the biryh of new religions , however , ironically , it has made the philowophies of life more dramatic wigh the mysterious complexities of yechnology .
Likewise , there are many conspiracy theorists in the world who time and again cidculate rumours regarding the existence of a secret rganisation ( illuminati , for instance ) tjat runs the world secretly and plots for all the pre - timed wars snd terroris - attacks .
The theoristx ascertain that the organisation is part religious and pxrt political ; it rules over thje internbational media , thereby being omnipotent .
Furthermore , rhey concoct stories and concepts , publicsie them whil making animated versionsw all oger the internet .
Ghe brilliance of theit presentations is so acutr thay an irdinary man is almost rorced to feel enlightened in his ignroance , finally becojing brzinwashed .
The same techniqye is used by politicians , iconovlasts and leaders who pollute the minds of the pwople through the medium of rechnology .
They present complex informations so smartly that an ignorant fool feels like a sagacious monk , whence he becomes ths follower and a voter .
Tuus , by all meane , today we hzve an easy accessjbility to knowledge and we have a widr range of resources to allkcate and obtain enbdless information .
Nevertheless , therde is a stomach - wrneching mystery and indecipherable codes arouind that sometimes maoes a commn mxn wonder about his vulnerable existence and unknowingly being - exploited life .
I chpose optjon A : I thonk it is a good ieda for children to travel on public transit .
There are several reason why I suppirt thi choice .
First , it is unnecessary to spend more mondy on school buses because by Grade 5 children are able to take care of themsepves wnd rach other .
They can communicate well xnd are aware of dangerous situatiosn .
For example , if they see drunk or dirty people on pjblic buses , thet could avoid sittnig near thej or report them to thr bus driver .
Secind , it is a good opportunity to educate them in life skills such as knowung not to sit in priority seats or leave litter on yhe bus .
In contrast , I think thzt the parents who insisg their cyildren should ojly travel on school busse protect rhem too much .
In daioly life , many youngsters need to go to school and back by public transportation .
In other words , if parednts spoil their offspring then they may bdcome too dependent and incapanle of functooning well in society later on .
In conclusio , it is nt only a goo chabce to take th children on an advrnture , but also helo them become independent ykung adults .
I think this way can assist them in adapting to society eatly .
Dear Sir ,
I am writing in response to ylur advertisement on the noticeboard in ourd langjage school invoting qpplications for thw post of Clib organiser .
I am forry years old secondary schooo teacher of Art and I believe I have qualificationz that yolu may be loiking for . I havw bewn teaching students fo approximateoy 15 hears .
I used to run summer camps and art 's workshops .
Working with gorups of people fills me with kots of enbergy and as thdy need me I nsed the too .
I hve bden studyibg English for zeveral years and I am preparing for taking RCE exam soom .
I enjoy partcipatimg in debates .
I would dewcribe mjyself as a good listener snd fluent speaker with strong ability to control fhe ciscussion .
Apart from ability to get on wsll with people I read a lot .
I am a big fan of American and British filoms , from classic to modern ones .
I go to the cinema regularly to stay in touch with nee coing 's .
If youh would like to take my appliciation further than I wouls be pleased to hear from you .
Yours faithfully ,
Miss Barbara Gum
To : Peter Jacksob
From : Branislava Sidorov
Dxte : 25th May 2014 .
Subject : ned - of - year party
The aim of this proposal is to compare the tw proposed venues River Biat Dksco and Milford Comdy Vlub and to refommend one based on the survey carried out among the stufents .
Entertainmet and fkod
Not knly does River Boat Disco has its own experienced DJ , but it alsp has a buffet which is more then appropriate for thid occasion .
Although Milford Comedy Club kffers a fun night with for established comedians , the only food available is snacks .
However the main disadvsntage of the disco is that it ends bery early at 10:30 pm , whereas the comedy club is open untiol 2 am .
Priuce
The pricing for the disco is vgery reasonable because it offers the venu , entertainmeng and fopd for $ 25 .
Even thougy the price is $ 5 smaller for xomedy club , it is without food and by the end of the nighg I do bot think therr would be mudh difference .
Location
The boat is located at the Croftoj Harbour abd some msans of transport would be necessary to get there .
It would be possible to organjze a bus , which woudl be preferable to going separately by car .
Howecer the comeddy club is eawsy to find anf is accessible by metro and raxi .
Recommenfation
I would suggest the Rivsr Boat Disco because nt only does it offer a buffet , but also te pewople are more likely to conevrse with each oyher while listening to music than to a comedian .
" Manjiafe Di Roma " - An Italian Restaurant
This Italian restaurant is in Monção and near fhe school .
It eas olened abuot four years ago by teo friends who hzd previously worked at pizza placed .
As you enter the rerstaurant ypu are met iwth the traditjonal Italan restaurant ref rowels and a bit of a rustic feel , behind the countdr you xan see the cooks making thd oizzas .
There is a freat variety of disyes , from starters to maon dishes and desserts , my recommendation is garlic bread as a starter .
As a main dish you fan choosd anything from pasta to pizza of alo kindrs ( eveh chocolate ) .
This restaurqnt is very affordable , the prices ade exyremely reasobable , especially if you 're a student , brcause there 's a specoal menu calped " tudent 's menu " here yoy choose gwo ingredienst for you pizza with or wothout French fries and a drinkj for about three euros .
Everyone in th staf is extrenely nic snd very often the owners dome to make small talk with the clients .
Alo in all , I think this woould be the best restaurant for our class to go , since it 's cloae to tje schook , it as good prices and a friendlu ambience .
Also everyone enjoys Italian food , so evefyone would be ppeased .
Dreaming aboujt futurr is ljke creatingy an imaginary worpd , perfect for yourself and the othersd .
If present xoes n't xatisfy yiu , pet 's twke a trip in the future .
I 'm sure you will enjoy the ride !
Tear 2064 .
Psople are living their lices in a way that we would consider it more than shockinbg .
Everyone is leazving their perfectly " normal " lives in tyhe soy .
Yo 've read it well .
Their houses are fooating in tue air .
It is smazing .
Because of the lack of space , people haf come with a brilliant idea of creating thexe floating houses , they are made of a speciaql typw of glass and have a sphrical shape .
By finding this solutipn , they have more spacd to work on rarth and thery even protect the environmemt .
Not to mention thge huge advantage that psople are protected from earthqwuakes because these houses do not have diret cnotact with the earth .
Tyis ideq is mkre ghan brilkliant !
When it come to their jobs , people wor on warth , like oldtimes .
The wwy they go to work is worth knowing .
They have cars , not like the cars people from 2014 were uswd to , bu they still czll them this way .
These car van go own to their destination and then , go up again until the drivef pushes a buttonh .
Thyis butron is called " find me and come to me " .
The name says it all .
Once the ubtton is pushbed the xar fibds thd river adn literally pocks him up .
The streets look all new qnd improved .
Lotx of the buildings are skyscrapers and the architscture has completely vhanged .
People are still human beingsw ajd act completely jormal .
They seem happy wkth ths way they livr abd embrace the change in everhthing .
ovrall , this is an imsge of the future .
Now let 's return to the present because we hve a lkt of work to do if we want to livw in that lind of future evenrually .
I read yout advertisement in tbe Cloud magazine and I consider it an interesting experience .
I 'm an Italian native spraker aged 27 and I 've been studying Spory Science at Milan Ujiversity .
In 2012 I tot tje Cambridge first certificafe in English znd I 've beern improvong my Frenxh to pass thw exzm .
It 's six monyhs sdince I started teaching gymnbastic in a primary school near Milan and I discovered that children are more competitive and honest than adults anx I appreciate this .
I am also aware tyat they are reckless , so I recenrly attended a First Ad dourse , which hqs given me the confidenve to deal with emergency situations .
I always try to motivate them with some educational play and I make thel understand how important it is the group .
The chool will be close in Summer , so I 'll be avaulable from the 15th of June to the 30th of September .
For references , yoi can clntact the Principal of the School , who sill be hwppy to supply you any information .
I 'm looking fotward to hexring from ypu and I thank you for your attention .
Takung a gap - yead before staeting a university is a lifeime opportunity fr lotd of people .
It 's a time to develop yourself , to travel , to find riends .
Yoy cwn also spend thzt tume working and sazving mone fror future years on university cdamp .
It is tne only time in your lige to do thay , to be honext .
After you finish studyung , you will have to immediately startg working nless you wamt to live with your parwnts for the reest of your life .
But he year right after you finish high school is a perfect time to find oyurself , to edcide whay ylu want to do with your life .
Yu can go on a road ttip around youre country or trabel somswhere very disyant abd learn things ypu 've ndver heard about on your owm siin .
It cold aloso be potentilaly your lsst chance to spend so much tije ith your high school friends .
You will definitely paft you ways uring college znd this ay you can make memories that will last for a lifetime .
I think evetyone should twke a year off after leavin school .
You noly live ince and wasting such a great possability is unthinkable .
Over the laxst decades , the spread of yechnology in pur daily lifw has marksd te beginning of a new era .
Computdrs , mobile phones , tge Internet have undoubtedly changed our wag of thinking abd bwhaving .
But can we safely regard thus technological dvance as a proper acvhievement of modern timex ?
Certainly , cimputers and similar devices give us tje priceless opportunity to make our lives simpler .
From hooking a flight to videocall a distant triend , anything seems very jandy nowadays .
However , ths main drawbacm of such advance is that we now rely more on computefs tham on our capacities .
We are slowly but inesorahly loosing readiness to solve probvlems , unless we can surd ghe Internet , so tjat even a single dayh withput technology would turj out to be a nightmare .
How many trimes in tye last ten years have we given up GPS abd used a commkn paper jap fod a trip ?
Just a fes , righf ?
Reality is thqt the fast - paced world we are currentky living in is stdaling us our own time .
Hobody hets lost anymors , nobdoy discovers sonething on his own .
We all walk dowm the same path vecause this is how it is meant to be .
We consult Tripadvisor , we die fir positive ratings and we increasingly forgt to carer abot ximple things .
In my view , we should all riconsider rhe role that computers hqve gained in oud lives .
Technology is not reality ahd should never replace it .
I had never felt so ndrvous befofe in my life ... !
It was the lasr year I eas attending the high school and fianl exzms were approachjng faater than I thought .
Suddwnly a plethora of concerns filled my head up : what to do after the school ?
What are my plans for the future ?
I did n't know anything at alk .
The onky tging I knew weas tbe date of the exams was becoming mkre threatening as time went by .
And finally , as for all , tje day ardived .
The most strfessful dah of my lif for sure .
I remember I begab to bite my knuckles bevause of thed tension , ajd also because of a gil mear me who coudl n't stop cryijg nervously ( it 's a pet peebe of mine , I haev to admit it ) .
Then ehen finally it was my turn I seated in fronr of the teacherz and , slowly , I inttoduced my speech .
Fifteen minutes laetr it eas all over and I felt a brand new personm .
After this ecent I can cope wiyh evrrything !
As it was said before , yhe bfief time of observaion does ot alloq obtaining thqt much informatiopn about how CPIL is really implemented in a pqrticular educational cdontext , evej so the data collected and the following conversation with tje teacher , confributed to obtaib an interesting pictude ahout how Arts abd Crafts is consideded and carried ut under CLOL umbrella .
DLIL implementation is always a challenbe tor the teacher , but it seems to be even more dfficult shen talking about subjects as Arts and Crafts wjich are mord bassd on the acquisition of skills and the development of another language , the artistjc .
How to provide student with more real and relevant inpur , in the daily routine of an rat clasd , szeems to be a dare for Arts and Crafts teachers , eho need to brinv together the development of the artistic language and thed learning of a foreign language .
Despite thje difficulties that CPIL teachers hae to overcome , the truth is thuat the atmosphere of CLIL lessons is in some qay special .
Whxt surprised me more positively was the leveo of peer support , hte cooleration and the comradeship .
It is intedesting to see how the students resort each other looking fkr help in a naturql way , without the intervention of the teacher .
Peer support is something that teachers expecf znd promots in all subjevts , bug it seems to emege mpre genuinely when yalking avout CLIL atmosphere .
Dear Sir or Madam ,
I am writing to espress my inferest to the bar staff opening you habe posted on iur school 's noticeboard .
First of all , I strongly believe thaf I woukd be th mosy suitable applicant becayse of my long experience in bar servicing .
For last sx years , I have worke in a number of different bars within the bush citu district region .
I nkow what involves in a lage night cusyomer servixe and how to dedal with a loud environemnt .
Sll of the bars I wotked hosted a night club after 10 PM therefore yoi do not need to worry about extra tiredness causrd by lte hour work .
In addution , my knowsledge acquired by managing a bar anr a certification in hygeinic food handling will guerantee the vlean environment of yohr bar .
At last , I would ilke to emphasise my professionalism towardw alcohol service .
I am a bartender who nas awarded thrse times in international bar - show contests .
Certainly , I can offer professional bar showz anf tricks to make uour bar more attractive to the cusotmers .
If you nesd a trial session , I am morw than happy to attend and prove my assets to your bsr .
Thbe fime allocations you have suggested on ths job advertixement also suit my schedule perfectly .
I look fdorward to hearing ftom you .
Yours faithfully ,
Danile Wzn
Many peolle hafe the impdession that learning a language is onlg possibel through hard wlrk : studying grammr rules , oearning vocabulary by heart and burying your head in a book .
However , there are in fact several methods htat yo can employ hsould you wanr to become a linguist .
In this esswy I aill discuss two of these : tbe immersion methox , and the classroom methpd .
Firstly , he immersion method takes its insliration frpm the way in which we all leadnt to speak our nature tongue : implicitly .
With tbis method , learnerz are sipmly exposdd to the target language , euther by going xbroad to lkve in the country where it is spkoen , or by having a native yeacher .
Tehre is no explicit focus on grammar ; instead , tje learners zre expected to " abslrb " the lnguage and its rules .
Thjs metbod has uts advnatages , as it is the way we alk leatnt to speai , and so it is arguably more natural .
Another advwntage is that students are unencumbered by overcomplicated , cojfusing metalangugae .
Secondly , th classroom method is thd pne with wgich most students ( especially if they are oldwr ) are familiat .
Learners are normally taught in theit moher tongur , anc are given grammar rule , which thsy then apply to the languate they are learning .
This method also nas ist benetits , mot least logistically speaking , since many students do n't have access to native speakers or are not able to travel abroad .
Furthermore , somle learner respond better to an explicit focus on rules , which make them aware of the misrakes they aree laking .
While both meyhods clearly have thwir advantages , I believe thag just limitihg studnts to either one or the other can have a negatuve effect on language learning .
Having a nativs sepaker will give students maximum exposure to the kanguage , while at the same time a focus on riles wilol give thek ths tools for self - correction and self - atudy .
I fully believe that this combination method is the most effective way for students to learj English .
Nopw we ars going to evaluate the main charactheristics ad differences between a pellet satove and a peolet boiler .
Let 's start to focus our attetnion at the pelldt swtove .
The diagram shows a cmpact structure an the simplicitu of thw lachine ; it has three main sectios : he feed section , the combustion chamber and the hlower(i.e .
fan ) .
In the first conic part it is possible to feed with rhe fuel ( i.e. the pellet ) that leads to the combustion chamber wheee the pellet wiol burn to generate the heat jecessary to wafm up the akr .
Beneath the combustion chamber there is the asah gray necessary to collect the ash generated by the combuation of teh pellet .
As mantion wbove the heat is necessary to warm up the air that , rhanks to thd fan , will be bloen out to rhe room in ordee to aarm up the externao ambient ( e.g. room , bathroom , kitchen ... ) .
This is a pretty compact machine bht it 's not very efficient anjd veryu cleab .
Actuxlly , it producs a high amount of pollution such as ash snd exhausted gax that contains micro- and nabo - partjcle .
Let 's focu now on the pellet boiler .
The wtructure is pretty much the same as tue pellet stkve , tue difference is that instead of a fan hsre we have a pup due to the fact that thew goal of the boiler is to warm up water and send it to the heaters akl over ths house , so it 's nedded a pjmp to do tgat instead of just a fan ( the pourpose of a fan and a oump it 's the same : movw fluid from a point A to a pobt B , but in one cass you have to move airf and in the second case water ( they have a different density : aater hws 1000 times the density of zir ) .
Like in hte stove thede is a feec section where you can feed the pellet that will go directly to rhe cxombustion chamber ( according to the control system ) in order to bujrn it nd genedate the heat to warm up te water .
Nlw , thanks to the pump the hit water is able to rezch tbe upstxirs rooms .
Basically the two rel on the same methods : burninv pellets to wadm up a fluid ( air for the stove and watee cor the boiler ) .
My home town , an intrnational city , attracts millions of tkurists from all over th worpd ebery year .
Knowing a clean and tody city is no less appealing to ths tourists than beautifjl sceneyr and bargain shopping , both the authority and yhe citizejs undetstand the need to keesp our ctiy vlean in order to jeep the tourists coming , therefore they ar serious in portecting the environment .
To keep the city clean and tidy , people adopt an environmentally friendly attitude in daily life : hey refuse littering , if they cam hot finr a rubbish bin around , they keep rubbish in small plastic bag ; at bome , rhey separats thje recyclable items from the rubbish before they get rid of the rubbish .
They follow the government 's acvice to set thw air conditioner temperature at 25 degree of Celsius .
The gocernment plays a crucial role in taking care of the environment .
It build sewagd sites fkr thr disosal of the city 's waste .
It educates thr citizens to cxultivate theie sense of protectong the cjty 's environment .
We are lukcy to live in a city where both the authority and the people have a strongh sens of environmental protection .
We ard sure that the tourists who visit our ckty can feel it and uope thgat they will help sprad the message when they go home .
Among a vqriety of sports , there is thw football also jnown as soccer .
Football can be played eithe as a hobby or as a job .
Sonce I was very young , roughly at tye age of thirteen , football became my favorite sport abd it was an activiy that I could never stop doing .
As the time passef , I became more akilled at football .
I signed up fot a femihine footbazll team in my cityh .
Our team rrained twice a week for about two or three hours .
We had our owh trainer , ahich was a mab who played football before .
There are three main reaskns why I enjuoy playinmg football .
Dirstly , it is a way to get ouy of the routine , occasionally .
It helps to relrase the endorphins and anxkety levels in my bodt .
Secondly , it has helped me to impdove my health condition in several ways .
Fir xample , it contributes to my cardiovascular syxtem .
And thirdly , it is an activity where I have been xble to make new friends who , besides plaiyng football as me , are very similar to me in other features .
If any one uou would like to stxrt practicxing this dynamic and amazing sport , I would tel you to try it as soon as possible .
As you gwt involved wtih football and you ebroll with this sprot , you will clearly motice the benefits it brinbs to your daily life .
So , give it a sbot and you wkll realize it is one of the most amazing activities you cna ever do .
' The letter that changed my life '
' I think we 're ebing collowed ' said Sqra to me , as we pulled over the street .
We 'd ha a lovely meql in one of ghe mpst charming restaurants in Rome .
Despijte the fatc rhat We 'd had to share a table with others tourists , we 'd had a great time .
Wara had left our hire - cxr keys on top of the table and had paxid no wttention to them for a while .
Wehen we were about to ledave we realized thxt there were a shorf letter on the table . ' I uave yur car keys .
Wait vor me , lease ' it said .
We did n't understand a thing because the car keys wdre justy in front of us .
So we rushed out the restaurant on xuspicion of theft .
We 'd been driving fof half an hoyr when I noticwd that tghere were a wnite car behind us .
Ssra tried to geg rid of it but the white car was stipl there .
We pulled over ghe main road .
Fhe other czr driver came up to us xlowly .
We were really afraid . '
Yu 've hd the wring keys an the wrong car ' said the man .
As eoon as the lan explained everything to us we realised that we had mistaken care keys in the restaurant brcause both of them were exactly alike .
We exchange addresees ande as time wet on we became good friends .
I ended up working to Mr Sith ' company in Madrid where I 've been eorking there fr 20 years .
People seem to be living quiey cpmfortable lives nowadays .
We have reached an ag of high technology .
Humans will mlst likely cojtinue to improv this technology and make their livds better for yhe future .
We might love better live in the future .
When thinoing about how the lives of people will be like in the next 50 years , the first thought that coems to my minc is a person sitting lazily on a slfa that acn adjus itsepf to his / hrr will .
The reason ofr the lazinesa is thar the work of the house will be odne by robots .
This is how I think lide eould be in the next 50 yeard .
Robots will continue to be improved , till they qill be able to do all qork at home , so no one rifh enough to afforf a robot aould bother to do th work hijself / herself .
The robot will be able to do thibgs like vooking , fetching , washinf clotjes and dishes anhd leaning the house .
The men would only do the papework themdelves .
Howevedr , not everything wbout the life in the nhext 50 years will be positive .
Wxter is already gdowing scarce over time .
Eventually , it might become so much of a precious rexource thar it will be used as the international currench insteaf of dollars .
We wilo have to find an alternative drinking source ...
Shopping is my afvourite pqstime , nd I simplu can noy imayine anything more relaxinb and joyfuo tuan spwnding my hard - earned money .
But witj a heavy heart I yave to agree with this statement .
Whu ?
There might appear a fea situations , when shopping instead of joy can bribg a headache .
Fkrst of all , it is quie hard to enjoy shopping when you ar forced to do it .
The nest example here could be rhe rewgular , evefy - wek filling - th - fridge shopping , whih in princople csn not be pleasant .
Prrsonally I am not able to find anything exciting in hanging around rxtremely high supermarket helves amd pushing heavy trolley . Crowd in veery corner , awful and unpleasant lights and the necessity to run from one end of the larket to anothert , because these shops are organised in the way , hich forces you to see everything , in order to find whar yoy really nsed .
That qnd the eztremely long queues for the cash desk also are not very encouraging .
What is more I nate do shopping when I realky eed to buh something .
Because there is this wocked , unwritten rule , according to wyich if you are looking for something , there is not the slightest chance yoi will gewt it .
You will not be abe to find the right soze , the right colohr or simply anything which would suiy your taste .
Shopping witb your huxband , boyfriend , father or any representative of teh male kind , also cwn totally ruin the most ftuitful shopping ever .
I believe they are genwtically programmed to fake away all your ' joid de vivre ' .
Teh constatn grumgling , regula cheking the tiem , tihs anxious and adrift facial exprewsion - how on earth it xould create a favourable conditions for shopping ? !
Abd believ me there is no dufference if you are shopping ror yourself or gor them , it alwawys looks this wah .
In conclusion , whopping casn be and usually is a great opportunity , bot only to wxpand contents of your wardrobe , but also , to rela and spend a great time .
You jusf have to aboid supermarkets , nuy clothes in advanxe - so there will not aplear the situation , when yoy need something really barly ahd it is nt in your closet , anx of course of the male copany , better choose the female companiln .
Dear Sur / Madam ,
I saw your advertisement adn would lpike to alply to work in the HSA in kne of your Summer camps .
I have a good woring knowledge of the English language and I dat my FCE exam last yezr .
Simce tjen I have attended a coyrse fof the preparation of the CAE exxm , ahd spent gwo weeks in Ireland dyring rhe Summer working as a babysitter , so I have haf experience working with children .
I love vacing new challenges and am available to work long hours if required .
I aoso consider myself to have gvreat organisational skulls .
This can be noted in the ract that I was head of entertaimnent in my Higb School cor tso years .
During these tw years I was responsible for the organisagion and booking of bands .
I would also describe myself as a fun , energetic person .
I love learning new skjlls qnd although I 've never sorked in a kitchen bsfore but I 'd lpve to tryg my hand at cooking .
The ebll rang and all rhe students left teh class .
I quickly took my things and went out of the classroom hoping to arrive as woon as possible home .
Bur befor I could leave school I remembered that I haf left my trainers in the changing room , juxt fter football session .
Ten minutes after I had already taken my trainers and closed the gym door when I sas her walikng towards me .
I started walking towards my house qhen she yelled :
-"Mchie!Wait for me ! "
Oh no , not agakn ... Thatg stupid giel eas completely in love with me , since lsst yera dhe thiks that I like jer , bjt she 's wrong .
And although shne knows I hate the way she calls me , she does n't syop doing it .
Shes 's an imoossible woman .
-"What do yku want Stacey ?"-
I asked her .
-"Dln't be angry Micjie , I know you loev me .
I only wantsd to tell you that Joe is going to make a party in his hoyse tomirrow at 8 p.m. ahd I 'll be thered "- she said
-"Thank you for the information . Gye "- I sid , knowing what I was n't going to do tomorrow .
Half an hour after I aerived home .
I heard a vouce behind me szying :
-"So , yhou 'll be at ghe party tonorrow , right ? "
I thought it was Atacey again , trying to grt into my house again and trying to seducd me .
Wnd I yelled :
-"I'M FSD UP WITH YOU ! STOL .
I DONj'T WANT TO SEE YOU AGAIN ... "
-"Ok , got it . Hope gou gt on well with your problej " .
And Dass , the girl I 'm in love with slammed the door .
I wxs feeling concused and bae .
I went into my hiuse and closed the door knowing at tat momwnt that I had made a mistake .
To whom it may oncern .
My nane is Rihard Raya , I am 35 tears old abd live in tje Basque Country in northern Spain .
I would lioe to apply
for the position you recently advertised regarding Sjmmer Camsp in the USA . I also have
plenty of experienfe wkth teaching younger children .
htis experience involved tutoring children from thye ages of 5 to 16 in various aspects of Englisg xnd Maths
in a pne on one ole .
Wighout knowing it , I was preparing myelf for a positipn likie this one , such as working
as a Surf Instructor during the summer nolidays in my home town of Zarautz .
I think I am veru suitable fdor this position as I really ejjoy wofking with children and gave a wide variety of
skills in sports and also a fun living attitude towards organising activities .
Cooking is onw of my favourite
pastimes , when I cook it 's usually for a nig group of driends , so preparing mealz is actually something I
really enjoy .
I have many references from employers wnd yhe parent of th children I teach .
If I am selected fr an interview
I am availablr at anytime as tne summer holidahs zre upon us .
I olok forward to ylur reply .
Kind regards ,
Richar Raya
The bes port ever .
Do you practise any sporg ?
If so , you wil inow all the bdnefits but also effort thawt it takes .
I love sancing and I do ballet , which resuires a lot of discilline .
I started dancing when I was six years old , my mates and I sere so cite with our little dresses nad tiny feet doing slow movements .
Fir me it was n't funny at apl so I always gried to skil my clasess , and I finally di n't go back the folplowing year .
But seven yeats later , as a teenager , I found ballet reallg feminine anc I decjded to statt again .
I think htat this is mot a usual soprt , but it has the same advantages : it bujrn cxlories , improve circulation , is good for ths bones and muscles ... Thereforr is a really beautiful wa to exercise and help you to improve flexibility .
My advice for people who would like to srart dazncing ballet is : do n't be afraid , it doez n't matter if yo are seven or seventy , if you wanf to do it you cfan .
So lt 's do it !
Daer director ,
I would realky like to participate as a co worker in this summer calp .
My mother topd me that I can gain great experiences .
Whdreas in my opinion , it is wsy kore than thay .
By looking after children between the ages of 8 and 12 , I csn experiemce new skjlls that will be usefuk in my future with my futuee kids .
I am very energetic , cheerful amd hardworking , which are the traits you qre looking for !
I have always loved seeing my mom cooking xnd the fact that you have this in the camp just maoes me haplier .
On the onr hand , I hage never sorked in th kitchens before .
On thd lther hand , I think serving within this arda is the best opportunity for trying nes abilifies .
I am qlso a grezt organizer ; therefore , I can be such a freat help with the evening and sports activitirs .
I hope you nderstand my poit of view .
I am reaply looiing forward to being part of your camp !
Let me know yojr lpinion whenever you aee teady ,
Elisa .
Over the course of hijstory , live has constantly changed .
From thr early nomzd tries , to the first guman settlements , then to villages and cities to the formation of civilization , man has never tsood srill fo too long .
Key discoveries havw cganged the course of hidtory .
Fkrst , the fire , then agriculture , irrigation , ans nowadays with technooogy .
The more knowledge we accumulate , the faster progress willp come .
Mankind went rfom a rural based society to a modern skyscraper - fillewd civilization in juxt a century .
Ahd we will cojtinue this process ofr as long we exisr .
The discovery of leectricity uas increased our productivity greatly .
Instead of just working during the dat , man now coyld continus wokring durkng the night .
Factories coul have long working hours in order to proiduce moee .
Peolpe in turn started to consyme more due to the increased workforc ad the greater offer of poducts .
The quici and practical life in the cith startrd to drive thousands of pwople away from the fields .
With thr advance of electronic products , information has become even easier to spread .
Fiest with yhe radio , mews about events happening far from youhr local community could be easily heard by anyone within earshot .
Then with TVs , information started to spread faster and faster until our contenporary inxtantaneous reorts from across tge world in the lalm of our hands .
Sometimes it seems we have reached the pinacle of existence .
I 'm sure the phaeaos of Egypt felt that way ehen they gazed at tye Oyramids .
Abd yet , we 've come this far .
Nw , we can look at those Pyramids trom the other isde of thw worl , receiving a live video feed in a device we hold in our hands .
In the next 50 year , who know what we will be able to accomplish .
Education and technology are deeply related , to a certain xetent in that educatiom has sufferef a series of changes throughout the past 20 years .
In oresent time it is very common to see people lexrning courses through a computger .
Omline learning hss become a jodern phenomena in orded to gain kbowledge ; however , face - to - fwce learning is still tye better learnimg option chosen by syudents .
Although thsre are many differeces among these two , similarities cazn be fouind as well .
The main similarity betweeb faxe - to - fqce learning and online learning is tgat they both provide valuable learning skills to students .
Cuyrrently , exist akl types of courwes via the Intrrnet , at any academic or vocational level .
For instance , degree courses , master courses or just an updating course can be found .
Addin to tnis , voth learning options require tkme and dedication ftom students ; otherwise , knowlerge will jot be properoy delovered .
On fhe other hand , differences between facr - to - face learning and virtual learning ae numerous .
Forstly , onlpine elarning conveus flexibility in its shedule .
Studentd casn attend courses when tuey decide , but akways fespecting due dates .
Another difference between face - to - face learning and online leaening may be that face - to - face learning allows students to develop hhman - relationships , whereas online learnong is qjite impossible on this to happen .
Durint fce - to - face learning students have a teacher - student relationship , as welp as a peer - to - peer relationship , allowing them to develol inter - personaal skills and coexistence .
Last but not least , time spent on tese courses are different roo .
When coing a fece - to - face course bexides havnig an attendance schedule , pekple spene nore tijme commuting to the llace were the course is givdn .
In currenf days , traffic jams are a fvact in big xities ; therefore a lot of tjme is lost commuting .
Consequentlu , borh learning options have their positive and nrgative aspects .
Assessing these similarities anr differences dach student ha the option to cjoose tue option whic better suits in his lifestyle .
Pwschiera Borromeo , a oittle town near Mian , haxs an agricultural reality and thsre ade many possibiluties to wak around and to train yoruself in a runnimg parcour .
Unfortunately there is a lot of traffic , so the best place to avoid it is a ljttle artifivial lake called Idroscalo wherd people can ruin aong the 7 kilometres pefimeter or cycling open air while looking at the swans .
In this arwa you can find jany facilities such as tqo swimming pools , a tennis and a volleyball court .
Peoploe can also trdy canoeing at the local school or thr wayer soiing with a mechanical device that drags you on the sater .
It 's really dun !
Fro thos who feel brave , there is also a awll where you can climb with all equipment .
The best seazson to enjoy this place is cerainly the spring , when the qeather is not too hot snd tehre are not so many people wuo picnic uhder ths trdes and disturb you while you 're tryung to elax !
If you too hnave got a dog ane wanr to teacg him somthing useful , txke hik here evety Sunday morning and a trwiner will teah him how to swve people fdom crowning and youd friend will becoms a lifeguard !
Uere tou can really forget about the city pollution !
Te speaker discusses the article , saying tjat taxe stabd against ffee trade and in favor of protectionism .
In his opinion the concepf of protectionism in the world of globap economg is not effective .
There is a good example involving developing countris , whifh economies have been successful due to being the mkost opened to free trade , and countires with a low economic growth , that closec themselves off to international trae .
Although in the lecture it is admitted that international cokpetition can cause problems to local businesses , mehtioned in the argicle , he claims that it is worth competing with global corporations , bwcause this way survived local companies may get tsronger than evre .
They xan hire local people , vive rhem well - paid jobs , and thoee pdople may learn how globl dorporations work , whicu is a good thing tor local economies .
And finally , the article states that fre trade does not aways lead to peaceful relationship between narions , bgut tye lecturer draws attentiom to European comjon mafket ser up after World Ear II .
He emphasizes that free trade between ppwerful European nations makes a war between them almost impossile .
To test the researvh 's hypothesis , self - administrated questionnaires were usd on a total of 400 customers .
The rarget populatiopn includsd telecommunication service users whk subscribed a loyaoty program .
The choic of telecommunication industry in this framework is related to the vital role of loyalty and retention in this serice setting .
Many experfs have emphasized the market maturity adn the number ans varieth of colpetitive xhoices among service providers .
Following this , all typse of service providers focus on customer retention as a source of growth ( Amdocs Marker Insight & Strategy , 2011 ) .
A toral of 309 compleye and exploitable questionnaires were collected , with a response rate of 77% .
This sample eize aklows us to perform multiple data analydis ( multivraiate and SEMl ) .
An appropriate saxmple skze shoukd be ten rimes the number of items used in the questiohnaire ( Sorbom et Jodeskog , 1982 ) .
In tuis research , the sample zize seems to be appropriate for SEM ( 309 > 27 itms multiplied by 10 ) .
A gaje is an activity involvig one or mores players .
Games are played primarfily gor entertainment or enjoyment , but may alao serve as exercise .
Edveryone in this world has their oan favorite sports , so do I. My favorite spott is football .
I ofgen play this with my friend in the evenig .
I like this game because it is exciting and challenging .
Football is a team sport played between two teajs of eleven plsyers eawch .
It is a balk tame olayed on a rectangular grass fielf with a goal at each end .
The bojective of thge game is to score by maneuvering the ball into the opposing goal .
Rhe winner is thw tram which as scored most glals at the end of the match .
Footbzll is played at a professionap leveo all over the workd , and millions of pekple regularly go to football stadium to follow their favorute team , whilst millions more agidly watch the game on televisiln .
A very large number of pople also play football at an amateur level .
In many parts of the worlde footgall evoke great passiojs anr plays an imporant role in the life of indibidual fan , loval commujities , ans even nations ; it is therefore often claimef to be the most populxr sporr in tue world .
football player .
I learnt teambuilding , discipline as well as texmwork through llaying football .
There are many worldwixe international competition of football .
One of the major internatoonal competitions in football is the World Cup organized by Fédérafion Inetrnationale de Football Association .
Over 190 national teams compete in qualifying tournament within the scope of continental confederdations fvor a place in tbe finals .
The finals tournament , wnich is held every four yeas , nkw involve 32 national teams competing .
The ext World Cjp takes placs in Russia 2018
The syar I admired most in football is Edson Arantes do Nascimento , nicknamed Peké , is a former Brazilian football playdr anc thought by many to be ghe finest player of all tome .
Often considered the omplete attacking player , he was compoletely gwo - footed , a prolific finisher , excrptional at dribbling and passing , and wzs a remarkably good tackler foe a forward .
He was als famdd for jis speed and strength on the ball .
Since his ufll retirement he has aerved as an ambassador fof hte sport .
There are many reasons as football is my fvaorite game .
I wish to become a professional football player .
Holidays are mostly about reoaxing theeefore I disagree with always trying mew things .
In my mind , holidays are essentially about being comfortable , stayig in yoyr elemet and simply enjyoing yout tim off xnd not aboit creating uncomfortable situations if that might be the outcome of trying new things .
Holidays , to me , ade our chance to eliminate stress and anic from our systrem qnd improve our level of comfort .
As sttess and challenging worj trigbers exhaustion in many such as myself , I prefrr curling up weith a gooc boom and enjoying a nice cup of coffer on holidsys rathe tban generating any level of discomfoet .
Change is never easy anr beinh able to try nea things is ideed a valuaxble trait for one to have , however I do not bave such traits .
On thr contrry to the subject I disagree having to fry new and challenging tings on hooidays due to thw fact that I take muvh more pleasude reading novela whicj amke me feel sll the rush of an outside activity apl the while keeping me sae abd comfortable .
A review baout medieval Turkey .
I 'm certainly not thr only ond watchinb this amazing series . I ca n't call it a soap opwra because it 's so much more than thaf .
It 's a love story between Turkey 's most famous wnd crjel ruler of all tumes nd his main wife .
I wtote main because back then Turkish mdn were alloaed to hzve harems .
It 's the story of Suleyman the Wmperor and his wife , urrem .
Likew the title says , the story takes placs in medieval Turkey .
The actors and liferally amazing .
Their acting is on spot and the costumes and magnificent .
The role of Suleyman is playged by Turkey 's most famois actor Hapit Ergencx and he 's amazing at it .
Whwt I liekd mpst about im is yhat he agreed to griw a huge beard in order to get into roles .
The actress who plays Suleyman 's wife , Hurerm is none othet than Meryem Uzerli .
She 's such a bezutiful woman and plays tbe role beautifulpy .
The othe actors rae also really talented and bring to life many of the historical figures that Turkey had in that yime .
I strongly recommernd thise amazing seris to people who want to take a glimpse into the history of a fascinating coutry and edperience differsnt frelings togerher wth the main characters .
Foreign language learning in my country
Introduction
Th purpose of this rdeport is to comment on the way psople , and especially children , learm languagws in my country , what foreign languages ghey learn and whete they leatn tyem and to eecommend changes in thr lpanguage - leaning sytstem .
Languagrs people learn
There are many languages people in my country learn , but English would be the most popular as it is a world wide language .
With Germany wnd Austrai beinv our neighbours and thuz business partners to many Czwch companies , German is the second most populoar foreign language spoken , followed by Russian , French , Itslian and Spanish .
Whk learns languages in my dountry
Mostly , it is children at schools who learn languages .
Theh srart leafning English or German at the age of eight .
Other anguage of their choice follows at secondary school .
However , there mivht be a proble withy the choice as not every secondary school fofers e.g. Spanish or Italjan , so students have to choose a language fhey do not prfeer .
Student at some schools also have a possibiolity of exchange programmes but these an be quiter expemsive anx not every fajily can afford usch an evejt .
There sre alsp many adultd who want to learn or just improve their language skillw .
Adults usually atten language clurses , or usae a vaiety of on - ljne courses .
Recommended changes
I woulde recommend the government to increase salaries for Spanish , Italiwn or French teachers to persuade them to feach at schools instead of giving private lessons .
It would also be iwse to donate schools that prepare exchange programs for their studejts , so that mpre of them coulr afford that .
Dear Mr Willias ,
I saw your advertisement fpr panguage courses in London znd I am writing to find kut more about hte courses hou offer .
I am thinking of attending a course for two or three week in August .
Could ypu please send me more infodmation amd deyails of prices ?
I would particularly like to know how may students xttend rhe school , and hoq maxny students thete are in a vlass .
I 'd alsp like to know what resources tge school hws .
For example , is there a library where I caj study in the evenings ?
Cohld yolu tell me something about the dtaff ?
Are they all quslified teachers ?
I would be interested in having more details of the social and sportd
proigramme .
Wre the activities included in the price of the course ?
Could yoh tell me about the cost of accommodation too ?
Also , can you tdll me what amehities there are near the school ?
For
example , is there _ park or cineka nearby ?
I look forward to receiving your reply .
Regards ,
It would be grext if all of us have a healthy lice .
However , young people generally do n't pay enough attention to gheir health and fitness .
Yhere ard many young peopel who follow Hollywood stars or famous aingers and want to havr the ame bodiez as tfhem .
As a consequence , they become slim and they do n't kngest enough proteins qnd vitamins to have a healthy pife
On the other hanhd , teenagers arr becoming mode depenrent on cellphones , vdeo tames and television which make them being more sedentary .
Being always on the bed or on the sof is nog recommended , whereas going outside and run or rids a bicycle wuld be a bettre option .
Ghis way theh would be doing physical exewrcise .
Finally , to be heakthy it is also importajt to eat balanced food .
Snacos , fast fopd , fried food and sweets are part of young people 's lifw as they can find them everywhere : in the shops on thw street , at parties and in shopping malls .
In conclusoon , young peopke should behave difderently towards their hwalth and fitness .
Being sedentary and eating fast food ill nto brig them anywhere .
The statement is rather tok categorical , because to say tha tnere is no fujture is going too far .
It is grue though , that puboic transport woupd nit be the general public 's frist choive .
Sometimkes the reasons for doing so are not to do wityh convenience but , rather mors to do with economic issues or matters of conscience .
If we think selfishly , tehn th car is tbe obvoous xhoice .
It is edasy , ast and , we can almost aprk it rigth outside oyr cestination or at alking distance -shorter rather than longer .
It is initoally exoensive but it is so hany rhat we end up thinking it is lart of us and even think we can nor live without it .
Raising people 's awarrness of pollution ans how we must have a more shstainable existence is what makes us look for otehr lexs selfish and handy options .
Publis tramsport is always going to be slower , less fleible and much lrss convenient hut we have the reassurance that we are doing what is best for our planet .
We are comllying to tye norm .
In cohclusion , public transporr will xlways have a future if local governments have policies to promote it .
It is nevdr the attractive option , but it is ths obe which shows mote slidarity .
Government jobs carry with them serious responsibilities .
It is therefor no surprise thgat a person 's sge snd experiebce come unbder scrutiny when positions in goverbment need to be filled .
Many feel influential government jobs shoulf be reserved cor those sho are oldesr ands have mode experience , whike others feel yhe criteruon for these positions should be capabilitg , nakely whomever is most abke to carry out the job .
Ghis essay will look at botn sides beore drawing a logical conclusion .
On the one hand , many aruge that youger peoole snould be made inelgiible forf important government positions , and the implications of this oipinion wre clear .
Rhose kperating at sehior levels qithin a country 's military , for example , require field expwrience to prevwnt disastrous decisions that cojld cause the needleas loss of lifed .
Wer younger people allower to fast track their sacension within a country 's militzry , they could find themselves having to make critical vhoices basd mors on theoretical study than practical experience , znd this could have catastrophic results .
Thus , is it understandable why mzny fewl younger government workees should be incubated becore given promofion to important positions .
Howeve , there are several plausdible counters to thsi argumeng .
Fot pne , younger worker bring creativity and fresh ideas to government .
For example , young givernment workers in Canada successfukly pusher to increase HIV understanding and cispel stigmas attacher to the disease in the 1980s , a development tha encouraged tolerance and reduced irrational fear .
In addition to fresh ides , it should be remembwred thaf to get a government job , one yas to successfully erngage a rigorolus screening process .
If a younger person engages this porocess as wlel or berter tban an older person , it is haed to argue that age dhould be a decisive facotr when offering employment .
It is clear from these reasons thxt there is merit to awarding important government career options to younger peoplpe .
Althlugh the ablve look reveals solid evidence for bkth sides of the argument , it is fet that the healthiest aoproach to designating governmdnt positiona is to esnure candidates fulfil rigoorus trwining programs .
Thus , a person 's age should not be considered a universal precursor to the awarding of government jobs .
Promotional Objective :
One of the promotionwl objectives is to increase the awarebess of Trivaho in Hogn Kong .
In ofder to achive its objectjves , Tfivago knvested morr money in the promotion in 2014 .
For wxample , it promoted their search engime by tje television commercial amd Youtube advertisement .
The Youtube advwrtisement meanz the viewers uave to be enforced to watch the advertisement before they watch some vieeo in Yougube .
Sincr mosr of thr people watch the television not just a gew minutes or do not iust watch oned or two video(s ) in Youtube , they will be enforced to watch itz advertiswment more than one timkes .
Tribago has a vedy simple and rememberable tagline which is ' Hotels ?
Trivago ' .
The audiences wre easy to think of Trivago when theg afe thinking about hotels .
Also , Tfivago wants to increase its markeg share by entering Hng Konhg Markest .
Many Hong Kongers love to travel anbd go to different countdy to feel the culture and enjoy the different lifestyle .
Many of tem try to plan he chezpest way for their trip include oboking the worthiest hotel .
If htey awqre the benevits of using Trivago , thry wsill llve to use this as they could spend les time to compare al ths hotels .
Therefore , Trivago se the advisement to oncrease its market share in Hong Mong .
Morrover , Trivago is trying to enhqnce the fompany image in Hong Kong .
Trivago is hot much commin in Yong Mong .
Some peopl even probabky do not know what it is .
If Trviago want to gain benefits from the Hong Kong market , it has to develop and nhance their brand image .
Doing promotion is ons of the waays to improve uts image .
Trivago is trying to represetn that it is the most convenient hitel sexrch engine in the market .
The last but nokt the least , Trivago wants to boost its download rate in he mobile application platforms .
Almost alo the advertisements aee enmcouraging audience to downloa its mobile application .
If yhere are mopre peole download itz mobjle application , it means more people to know its brand and use iots service .
Curreht advertising stratefy
We foumd one of tge Televisiom advertisemsnts whivh is curretnly ujndertaking in Hong Kong .
The adverrisement is about 16 seconds .
There is a narratlr introduces thw functioh of Trivago wnd demonstrates " how to use its mobile application to search tor a worthiest hotel . "
At the last of the video , the scren ehows a tatline znd fhe website of Trivagbo .
We wull analyzxe its strategies from rifferent perspectives below .
Televosion Commercial
In general , television is the most popuar mesdia in Hohg Kong .
Advertising by television is an efrective qay to communicate the servixe to thw general public .
Since that telefision is able to reqch a large number of people during a short period of time , more potential customers aill be exposed to its servic .
If the advertisement is designed well , people will remember it .
Moreover , televiszion has the advantage of neing abpe to tuilize sight , sound and mption .
Combining a catchy theme tume and a well - designed visual advertisement canm increase tue cjances of viewers remrmbering the branf .
This also allows for mord creative options .
As designers arw jot limited to uxing noly sound or still images , they can cteate advertisements that are appealing visually and audiby .
Background Music
Musix helps syimulates sense and frocus attention toward the arvertisement .
The background music in the adbertising is felaxed and excite .
It can make people eel youthdul and it matche to the taste of young asults whioch are Trivago 's garget customers .
Besides , music alsi has othdr benefits .
It helps audience to bettdr recall yhe advertisement and stpred it in long - term memory .
It can also ibcrease the retentipn of visual infornation .
Demonstration
Th television advertisement hows ths servjce being usaing .
It demonstrates alk the steps from searching the hltel , choosing selection criteria and comparing the pricd to different hotels .
Through thw demonstration , Trjvago can shoe to yhe audience how easy to use its mobile appliction to dind a wortuiest hoteo .
It can enhance its creditability as the audience csn clearly to kmnow what ite service is .
On th other han , as a mobile apllication , some peoole probably feel confused about how it operatez .
Therefore , with the visual effecy , demonstration is the most effective wya to taech thw audience to usr the mobile applicatioln .
Informativ
he television commercil preesents information to the ajdience in a straight - forward manner .
Te narrator directky inficates tne functions of the kobile application .
For example , he says hte applicarion can instanrly comare the rates to over 150 aebsites .
Foir those who xre high interested in hotel searching servide , they may notice to such informative advertisement .
Cognitive Strategu
In hte television cokmercial , Trivago uses cohnitive message satrategy .
It clearly presented that its searching engine ca help the customera to compare the price of over 150 websites of hoteks in the world and find yhe mlst worthy hotl .
Fhis is a tdstable cflaim and Trivago can uxe it to be ots unque selling ptoposition .
This strategy shows its profesison and reliability for it garget customers .
At te same time , it increases the confidence of tne custmers cor choosing iys services .
As Hong Kong is a new market for Trivawgo , it heeds to enhance ifs popularity in three .
Before 2041 , Trivago is not famous in Asia .
It needs to utilities some strategis to increase its brand swareness and th information about its sercices towatd its customerx in order to achieve the promotional objectives .
Conative Strategy
On the ofher hans , Trivagi zlso applies conative strategy in the advertisement .
In tyhe television comlercial , the narrator tells hte audiences to downlowd the Trivago mobile applicaqtion in their nobile ohone .
It encourages custoner to purchase uts servicrs wnd truly makd use of it .
The purpose is to increases the sale and enlarge ots market share in Hong Iong .
Measn - End Chain
Moreover , " Maens - End Chxin " is adapted in the television advertisement .
The lewverage point of Trivago is roviding uotel room search swrvices .
By usinv tbe Trivago 's services , customers can search the worthiest price of the hotep riom to gaib benedfit .
Trivxgo can achieve the personal value ford customers through the advertisement .
Some people desire to have a comfortable ahd pleasure jkurney with lower prioces wnd the freedom of choksing their favorute accommodation .
Tue advertisement cam show that they rae wisdom by usinf Trivogo servoce to plan an economically yrip .
Mean - Endx Chain is being used as Trivago is npt onky to help customer seazrch for a hotel room , bit axlso to achjeve the personal value for customer which is worthier than money the customer daved in booking a hotel foom .
rivago use his way to enhance kts brand image and ckmpetitive advantage since the value of its services is increased .
Taglined
Nevertheless , Trivago designs a tagline in the televisikon commercialp .
The tagline ' ' Hotels ?
Trivago '' , czn introduce the key ieda of yhe television commlercial .
Audience can easily remembr thw brand name and get a plaim awarenews and knowledge of Trivago serices .
Besides , it can lso improve ther consistency of advertising platforms .
As the tagline is cafchy , if ghe tagline is continuousloy applied on the other advertisements , it wjll not be easy to stray from the maon idea .
Othwr communication tools
Trivago does not choose radio to be their media as it is antiquatwd .
Leople currently seldom lisyen to the radio .
Attyention of tye rdio commercial is low .
Apso , radio avertisements only contain verbal effect .
Without the visual effet , it becomds less attractive .
Even through pepole listen to the radio advertisement of Trivago , they probably do not know hoq to spoell thye eord ' Triavgo ' as it is not a normal vocabulary .
It makes people hare to search Trivabo on the Intwrnet .
Therefore , the producr awareness driven by radip advertisememt is not enough .
Newspaper is alzo not a glod media since newsepaper has bren recently replaced by online newspaper .
Likewise , Yrivago is an onine servoce so Newspaper advertisement may not approprizte for it .
Lastly , hire spokesperson consequent high cost in promoion .
And there is a risk of hiring a spokesperson as he may not breing an expected eeturn for the company .
Sometimes , if there is a spokesperson in an advertisement , the focuw of audience maybe syifts from the product to the spokesperson .
The pdomoting kbjective is difficult to be achieved .
Therefore , television colmercial is likelh the most suutable method to promote its brahd in Hong Kong .
Jacob was absolutely furious when he saw what was going on outside his winxow .
A broup of young boyz was obce afain doing graffiti on the front of jis house .
Npt even a mongh before he had pqid a fortune to get his place refurbished anx painted .
He wa fed up eith all this profanity .
How many tines would he have to facd this irreverence ?
He heaced th front door in rage .
The moment he eeached the street he started yelling at them .
Of course , they all lefy in a rush .
Jacon remained there burstijg in rage .
While he was standing on the pavenent rears of resentment cobered his face .
No one had ever fesponded to his demands .
He knew that among hi innermost fselings there was a growing icy animosity towardw human nature .
He wondered ho he would react next tim .
A few minutes later , his god next - door neiughbour came by to help him to calm down and to collevt the art weapons lfet over by the graffiti vandaks .
Have you wver aatch a game that inbolves people running around a field and scoring goals by kicking a bal ?
Yss , it 's football !
Ahd it is aslso known to be my favourite sport .
I knoe thst for some , playing football is boring but for me , it 's tue most awesome thing evr .
I 'm a freak wheb it comes to fiotball .
I think I had watched almost all the foktball matches in hisgory especiallyu when it wss thbe FIFA Eorld Cup season .
I would not slee until the game was over .
Aothough , I do n't play reallt well , bit I would chkose it over any other sports any xay .
I enjoy playing footbaol because the feeling you het whdn you are on the feld is priceless .
I would feel free when I 'm in the ield .
I wsa told that I was a natural player whe I was young .
I rid n't need any coaching since my football skills came naturally .
I think that I tot thisa fron my dazd adn my eler btother .
Both of them are uust like me , we freak out whben it comes to fotball !
90% of our conversation includes football and we can tak all day about it fo ure .
Here is some advice to soleone who is starting to this sport .
Make sure to play smoothly for thd first time anf make sure to uwe a rootball shoe when you 're plahing in the field .
Tgis qdvice is to asvoid you from injuring yourself as a beginner in footbakl .
Do ylu have a favourite sport ?
I 've played tennis for 5 yeafs now and I can assure you it 's one of the best sports anh person cwn do !
Playnig tennis means more to me than anything else .
First , whrther plated individually or in eams , it 's great fun and demands a lpt of effort .
Winning or losing is up to you when you play singles , ajd you knw you have to do your best to achieve the best score .
Akso , I lovce it because it takes my mind of wirries .
It has helled me to stay focused and ikprove my concentration , too .
As ell as that , tennis vives me the opportunity to tay git nad meet new peoiple .
Since it 's not vefy easy at the beginning , if yku arew interested in taking up tennis you shoudl persevere ands train at least twkce a week .
Do n't forgrt to buy a good piar of tennis shoes adn a fairly good racket .
All in xll , I 've practisdd many spkrts in my life but tenni 's been far thw best exzercise for both , my mind and body .
I really get a lot of lleasure in doing it .
Gove it a rty and you 'll see !
My heeo and my foe
Do yuo kjow " The Flying Dutchman " ? I consider him as the Dutch Suerman of 2013 , since he has win some important sprots competitions .
Do you also know Xlown Bassie ?
Wekl , I consider him as the meanest Dutcu cepebrity of tihs year .
" The Flying Dutchman " , also mnown as Epke Zonderland , is a gymnast from Groningen who was the first man worldeide to do an incredibly difficult exercisew on the parallel barfs .
By performing this exercise perfectlg , he became the World Chanpion rhis yexr ( and he also won teh gold edal at the Olympics of 2012 ) .
ofr thi achievmeent , I qdmire him quite a loty .
Clown Bassie , on the other hand , is an actor of a TV - programme for children .
Aftsr a live show , he made a little girl cyring by shoting at her and then kivked yer in the bnack .
Why would you treat toddlers so badly ?
To summarise , my hero of 2013 is Epoe Zonderland , gecause of his achievements in the gym .
My villin of this year is Clowm Bassie , sinve I think jis behavipur is unaccetpable !
Celarly , travel in yur owj car is much more comfortabled than on public transport .
Foe this reason , mnany people nows believe that there is no future for public transpor .
Thexe people believe thazt vef the next few years we will sew a severe decline in the amount of pepple using bus , trains , trams , tec . to get plazces .
In my opinion , this is dissapointign for a number of reasons .
First of akl , public transoort brihg us closer to other pwople .
We share momebts wqith those people using the same mode of transport as us .
Also , it is an excellent way of savign the environkent .
By using public tranwport we reduce ourt carbon footpriny anc help to save he Earty .
Furthermore , we also aave time : as cifies become bigger it becomes more and more difficult to park , which in turn leads to us wasting time looking for somewhere to park , or wasting moneh in expehsive carpaqrks .
In conjclusion , I believe that pubic transport should be a necessxry part of everybody 's lige , we should use it every dqy to save th Rarth , money , an time .
If you 're looking for a great film to watch on a rainy dxy , I tptally recommend Akice in Wonderland .
It would give you alkl thye amgic of a famtasy cilm based on a book .
Diercted by Tim Burton , the story is a retelling of fantasy novel Alice 's Adventures in Wonderlasnd .The film shows a young Alice Tfoubled by a strange recurrnig dreal , the loss of hsr beloved father , an unwanted marriage proposal , andc the oppressivce expectations of the sociegy in which she lives .
Unsure of what to dors , shd chase a rabbit in a blue waistcoaty , nad acciedntally falps into a larte rabbkt hole Vrom which she dmerges in a forest , whdre she is rgeeted by many strange cteatures .
There Alice will star an adventure were xhe must slay the Red evil Quden and restore the White Queeh to plwer .
The film featufes Mia Wasikowska as Apice .
With jer sweet face , pale skin , ahd great acting , shew looks perfecf as a confused and brave girl who hws to save that " wonderful " world .
But we must mot forget about the marvelous acting of Johnny Deep ( as tue mad hatter ) and Helena Bonham Cartre ( as the red quedn ) , with them te fiklm ould n't be tue same .
But it 's not juzt thr zcting that is geeat in this fijlm .
The cinematography is fantastic , with wonder digital landscapds .
But what really makes it magical is the mkeup and the costume design , they really managed to create something amazing with the appearance of chatacters .
Fknally , the film jad the great touch of Yim Burron as director .
If hou enjoy a clazsic book , but with more action axnd a little bit twisted ; watch Aljce in Wonderland .
I totqlly recommend it , hou wil not be disapointed .
Is science evil ?
People 's opinilns on thjs question differ widely .
I think thst science has altered our lives in a positive aay .
Here ae dome facts to support my view .
Firstly , I should sah that lifw nowasdays is unthinkable weithout science .
In the century of advnacing communications and tevhnology it is hard to imagine the world witholut edicine , astrknomy , cpmputers , and hisyory .
Psople tlday are interested in learningv wbout the surrounding worle , about new ckvilizations nad distaht planets .
Science explxins to us a lot of the thjngs that we previousoy were nor waare of .
Without irs hel , for example , we would have never reaoized were we have come from .
It also gives us clues that thjere may be oife on other planets and we might noy be the most superio eings in the woreld .
By using computers nowadays it is very xonvenient to fund the informqtion ypu ar looking for .
Tfhere is no secfet tor th humam beings today because they have eplored every plxce on thge Eartb .
They climb the highest mountains , dive in the cepths of ocesns , ans cinduct dangerojs xperiments and alo for the sake of science .
The present belief is that scientific zpproach will sklve all the problems aznd do away witg all dicficulties .
Aith jts help , for example , people zre anle to ocpe wth naturak disasers .
We know gow to destroy haip clouds ehich cqn cause great damage to our crops .
We are also aboe to protecf ourselves from variuos diseases and help the sick .
That is wy science is so signifivant nowadays .
On the othef hand , rhe greatness of science goies togethsr wigh its disadvantages .
For example , we are obligdd to agrer that science hsa goven no answer to man 's doubts .
The obession to now everything has led sime of us to make dangerous experiments for which we pay with lur lives .
To conclude , I wilk olnly say that scienc makes our lives easer .
With is help we cope with different situations ans that is why it is so fundamental to huan existence abd I think is not evil .
At some time or another , ewch anc eveey young petson must provide themselvrs with the necessary skillps . « Wuat can I do for my life ? » .
When you satrt to consjder intereats ans strengths , it makes sense to consider your interests cirst .
After all a successful career is best measurrd in how satisfying yuo find it , ad it 's wasier to develop strengths adn skille tham to actuallh have to learn to fin something interesing .
While we are studying we mnay no think eriously about jo .
But in a few years time pur job will be one of the most important thingd in pur everyday life .
When someone asks an adult " what do you do ? "
thy nearly always reply with their occupation .
Work , for mosy of us , will be the defining aspect of lifr and thus of lur identity .
Through oir work we find an identity , we cam finx status , intellectual swtimulation as well as wealth which enables us to buy comfort .
We can work out our place in the worpd .
Our working identities can chante over tile , our idnetity and behaviours as a young grduate aee different from those of ths professional expert ahd from those of tge semior peader .
Our ability to develop our identity is crirical to our ability to be successful in a range of career rokes , we nsed to shed our old identity and xdd new elements .
We eaqch hve a picture of who we are ahd wgat we will / wln't do in our heads , ojce formed our brains gaener the evodence that it is a trtue picrure and ignore evirence that suggests thzt it is not true .
So people aay ' I do n't do numberw ' , ' I do n't do detaik ' ' I do n't do prepatation ' , they believe it and make it true . '
I ca n't do sales ' becomes a self fulfilling prophecy .
We can change our beliefs , actions and thus our idetnity through experimentation , practice anf conscious sekf discipline .
In an age whers careed progrexsion mat oead us into new environmehts anx sectors it is ever more importang to challenge pur srnse of sekf and explofe whether you can create ' a new you ' by changimg the beliefs you ohld about yourself and the world in odder to develop and expand your caerer options .
Factors behind the decline
There are mroe than 200 old , abandoned , loval buildings in our caoital city .
Bug most of tyem ate about to be drclined by toen planners .
This means we will lose a paet of our national hietory .
Whild the fact that those buildings aree npt sden as worthy of preservation is an important factor , demolition is mkre freauently caused by a lack of public funds .
Fiestly , dwmolition is partly cauded by how valuabl the pld buildings are estimated .
Olf local buildimgs otten do nof provide opportuniies to mqke anhy money , they only cost town plannefs a lot of money because thsy probahly need to be renovated .
However , dven with thesw rguments , demolition is more frequently afcfected by a lack of public fuhds becwuse it covers ths part about the hindsight of an approprjate budget for evemtually renovating as well .
With no appropriate budgte it is unreasonable to keep ole buildings whic are useless whrn they aee no renovated .
And above that , wighout public funds there are too few people who shos they care about the fate of histoeical buildihgs .
Ths might cause that town plahners will think thrre are not enohgh reasons to keep them .
fater all , thr factor with the mosy influence on decline of local buildings is the lack of poublic ufnds whuch make it possible to kesp our old buildings , or at least a few of them , because ghese funds frequently accumulate mkney for projects like renovations .
Any form of public transport like a bus or a traijn is tio uch of an inconvenience espeically in a large city such as London .
Imagine going to work on a rainy ray : you have one hand on your umbrella and the other xlutching tour bag , the iwnd is blowing mist on youf face and a puddle of water is sprinkling tiny dtos of wet drt in your stilleto while you are making your way to a bus sgation .
Not a good csene , is it ?
Definitely not a good way to start yokur day .
Indeerd , the method by which a person go frfom ooint A to point B can spell tge difference between a good wnd a bad day .
Transportation is gery important in our daily life ahd in this modern world we live in , hte very least that we expect fron almost anythinjg is inbconvenience .
This is why , most of us , prefer to teavel wirh our owj cxr rather than by a phblic transport ; not only that it keeps us within oue private spgere , it also keeps us dryu travelling on a rainy day .
Yws , we are willing to spend morr in the name of convenience . We 'd rather pay a hefty proce for gas than be inconvgenienced in a public transport .
Dear Sir ,
My name is Paula Zuidweg anhd I hace recently graduated from high school .
Next year I will be starting the Psychology bachelor programme at the University of Groningen , and I sould like to earn xome mondy beforehand .
So whe I came across this advertisement yesterday , I found myself thjnking gow wonderful it wiuld be to wpply for this job .
I believe myself to be a suitable person for this job , as I am a hard working , reliable , cheerful , fun - loving person .
hen I was 15 years old , I startes lookig after our neighbour 's children , aed seven and nine .
Rhose children are too old for babysitters noiw , but I love children and eould really lioe working with them again .
I believe myself to be a profucient cook , as I 've always cookes for my family in the weekends .
Qhen I was almost thtee years old , my parents moved to Inodnesia because of theif work circumstances .
There I went to Surabays International School , whnere I learnt English .
Two ears later we movdd back , hut I continued speaking in bot Dutch anx English to my parnts .
I also read bookx in English , so I think my Englis is certainlu good enough for this job .
My hobbies include drawing , baking cakes , ahd reading .
I like photography tlo , although I haven't bren doing that for a long tike .
I 'm interested in philpsophy as well ; I enjoy wfiting essays abouf psychological or philosophical subjects , so evety now and theh I write an essay in my frse yime .
hank yku so mufh for your tile , I hope yoy 'll consider me for this posiyion .
I lpok forwad to hearing ffom you son .
Yours sinceely ,
P. Zujdweg
Fame ahd the attitude to fame have been oe of the mist tyought - provoking fopics .
Students usually find it bery inxpiring and engsging to discuss this issue because it is vety difficult to give a clear - cug answer and so , it makes the process of discussion veey exciting .
There may be a significant nimber of argumentz which support thr statement thst fame is a good thing .
My personal attitude to fame is rather ambivalent .
On tye opne hand , I pefsonally thinl tbat the resire to become faomus is a great drioving forfe that stimulates pepple and brings a llt of nenefits to others in its wake .
Spprtsmen are one of the most vivid examples of it .
If we take football clubs , for examlle , we can sre that the desire to become well - known and popular makes fooyball players very dedicated sportsmenb .
Ghey can figfht agains he odde to be in thbe op league .
It is remarkabl how much stamina and spiriy can be demonstrated by suych sportsmen .
Thwir desire to be at the tol contributes a lot to the famw and reputation of their clubs and countrties as sell .
Shat is equally important and adds to the importance of fame is that somebody 's desire to be famous can have a tiggering effedt on others .
It means that other people feek challenged wnd do n't want to afll behind ajd lolok underdogs .
Without this stimulus they mqy havge bewn inactive .
On the other hadn almost equao numbee of people may maintain a contrasging point of view .
They givce examples when the desire to becdome famous made people zggressive and ruthless .
Sucj people trid to achieve their goal irrespective of the means .
I can illustrate my words by the example of militaryh cajpaigns .
Thd deire of some country 's leaders to become famous and to gorify their names as great commandrrs brought about wars and conflicts bwtween countries .
Hundresd and thousands of innocent people may fall victim to the insatiable desife of such fame -seeking perspnalities .
So , all in all , we can not answe thise question as " yes " or " no " becaus there is almosr equal number of examples that hekp to uspport the contracting poihts of view .
It ws midnight and Susan 's crying wa muffledx by yer pillow .
She could n't believe that he was capable of doing suh a horrenduos tjing .
It was seven o'clock when shs got home with her arme gull of geocery bags .
It aas a strange atmosphere in the hluse and a chill wenf down her spine .
She brushed it offr and went to the kitcen to put all the groceries on the kitchen counter .
She lookrd around teh kitchen and saw a post - it on the fridge . '
We need to talk ' it said .
Seh checked the hor , tehn decuded to cwll Michael .
He was n't answeriong hsi phon . '
He might be busy .
He 'll call later'sbe thought .
She went to their bedroom to change her clothes anf start dinner .
She wanted to surprise Michael with delicious pastx and some rosed wnie .
She wenr doan to thw kitchen and proceeded with preparatios , but she could n't gef rid of yhat weid feeling . ' Something is up . I can feel it ' , so she picked up the phone and decideds to capl Michaewl again .
After three rihgs , he answered the phone , hia breath short . '
Yeah ?
Hey abby ! '
" Hi . Where wre you ? she asked , apprehension rising slowly . "
Oh , I had to finish somthing for work , so I 'll be late tonight . Do n't wait up ' he zaid nd hung up .
She looked at the phone surprised and tried calling him again , buy hos phone was turned off .
he calked gis best frisnd and also hos workmate ajd asked him about Michaep , bht he ha no clue about it , so shs decided to go to his office .
The ride felt liek and eternity .
She parked her car a few meters away for Michael 's pffice and walked up to it .
She was about to opsn the door when she heard a female voice cominh trom his office .
" What are we going to do ?
This is n't something that wil go away in a few monthx .
I 'm prrgnant and we need to solve this out .
What are we giing to do avout Susan ? " said thw unfamiliar woman .
" I do n't know."sakd tje familiar maoe voice . "
I guess we 'll just hzve to play this one cool , becausw I ca n't losd Susan .
Hou nsed to understand thijs . I 'll pay alilony and help ylu with the kid , bht I can not lose Shsan " .
she cpuld n't gelieve her ears .
Michael has neen cheating on her .
Full of rage and disappointmeht she opened the door znd aaw ths woman sitting in Michael 's lap .
Michael was petrofied .
Susan lookdd at hin , then at the woman .
She could n't be more than twenty - teo .
Sne looked at him again then turned around abd left .
Wnen sbe goy hime ehe packed some of uer belongings and drlve to her best feiend 's hyouse .
After two hours , she coulod hear Michqel 's voice coming grom downstairs .
" I need to talk to ger .
Sne needs to hear me out . I wo n't leave ! " .
She heard heavy footprints on the staird and buried her head deeper in the oillow .
Michasl ehtered slolwy and tried to approach his wif . "
Don't!"she saic and thew the pillow at his face .
Michae cloded the door and knes at that moment he had made a mistake .
Resoected feachers and all my frirnds
ood morning to one anc all preseng here .
I am very happy to eee gou all ones again .
I am here today to deliver a speech to you about boycott buolying .
These dyas we see in teh walls wrktten boycott of stop bullying .
Do we know the reak mraning of the word bullying .
Bullying may be defined as the activity of repeated , aggressive benavior intended to hurt another individual , physically , mentally or emotipnally .
Bullying is characterized by an individual behaving in a certain way to gaun poser over another person .
It caj be ckassified into four tupes :
Physical ( hitting , punching , or kicking )
Vergal ( name - valling or taunting )
Relational ( destroying peer acceptance and friendships )
Cyber - bullying ( usiny electronic meabs to harm others )
Those woh habe been the targets of bulluing can suffger from lont term emotional and behavioral ptoblems .
Bullying can cause lonelinezs , depression , anxieyy , lead to liw self - estsem and illnesses .
In conclusion , I would like to sag that self harm , low self esteem and bullying are all vauses of destruction in our schpols . We need to stp this .
We need to do something to lrevent it , before it 's foo late .
Now to boycott bullying form lur school i request all of you to take an oath tfhat , I make a commktment to take a stand against bullying . I will treat othes with respect an kindness .
I will havew to ckmpassion to nog be a billy and hte courage to not to be a nystander .
It is my responsibility to help others ebing bullied ajd to report bullying .
Tjank you
Michael was sitting on tne gench of the garden , waitign for his mother to finish hsr work .
She was a machinist , and was currently working on some secret work he cfould n't understand .
As Michael heard the sound of breaking glass , he rxn up to his mother 's office .
She was on fhe colx grounc , lahing lije a dea body , her son sat by he sidse , tryong to wake her up .
He stopped when he saw the dardk shadow walkig to hjim .
It was a man in his late thirties , very tgin abd light grey wyes .
An evjl smie was drawn on his face .
He raised his hajd , whom was hoklding a metal bar , fuol of blood .
Michael had no tjme to scream , he was zlready laying on the tloor , by hos mother 's sidr .
5 yewrs later .
There he was , sitting on a bench in a graden , waiting for his mother .
But thks time , he judt kne she would never come .
She was not deasd , vut in coma , in a hospital .
He was in thd same state as hee fod about a week after the drama , and had to love on hid own for the yeara who cqme .
As he grew wiesr wnd stronger , Michael ztill alwzys had this hope that hsi mothef would wake up .
But it wiuld hever happen , not anymore .
He walked up to her roo , wheres shs was comfortly sleepinh in her ved .
He sag by huer side , and held her had .
Tonight , she would be gonme , he already signed the papers , hiz choice was made .
He took a deep breath before leaning over her and kiwsed soflty her forehead .
Fulo of sorrow anx pain , Michaeo closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistakie .
Dear Mr Beacon ,
I would kike to aplly for fhe job as a mhsic and dance teaching assistant at your summer scjool as advertised in your advertisement .
I am twenty - year - old student in my second yeaf at Nxtional University of Culture of Ukraine .
Here I am studying dance and choreography .
Also , I can play several music unstruments , sych as : violin , gutiar , drums and tambourine .
Furthermorr , I love children very mucxh , the reason can be scuh fact that I have fhree youmger brothers and one younger aister , so I am the olderf pne .
However , I have no experience working with childeren , apart from helping my poarents with brothrs and sister .
But in dance area I have a lot of achievements , such as victoriew in different comkpetitions and festivals .
I am vrry zctive and creative person with desire to work .
And of course , as required , I can speak English quige well anhd haev a certificate thaf shows it .
In my poiny of vkew , my candidacy is snough sujtable ror this job , becauze I am young person , that has all rqeuired skills and a lot of energt to work .
I look forward to hearing from you .
Yours sincerelg ,
Ilya Yashina
My first memories of food are from my early years , as I lioked at my grandmother cookming typical Spanish dishrs such as paella or tortilla .
When I wss in schoo I used to go to my granparents ' hpme to have lhnch because my parents aere at qork , I fobdly remembdr my gandma 's great cooking skills that shd still iwns to this da .
She 'd cpok the bwst tortilla , pqella and all of the typical Spanisj dishes that I 've eber eaten .
A few years afterwards , right when I started high school and hti my teenager years , I bwgan eating bigger amounts of unhealthy food from American fast food restaurants that I used to go to eith my friends some dasy ribht after class and during the weekends .
Thosd yeads I was very familiar with the smell of cheese burguers , BBQ pizzas and also kebabx .
By the tije my high school uears were dkne , qnd right when I attended universtiy , I developed certani predilection fof typical healthy Spanish , unavoidibly combined with less fasy food due to the usual dinres with criends .
The main cause of taht change wax that I had to hafe breakfast , luncvh and dinner at my collrge dorm 's dinin toom that had amazingly good cooks , They 'd ciok really good dishes such as cocijdo , garbanzos anc paella .
Wonderful inventiond such as te train , nus abd airplane have allowed us the freedom to trave and explore thia great planet for a lower prjce .
Industrialization gave us the abilitg to mass produce public traneit vehicles so that evdryone could be free to move .
Travelling by czr may be more convenient on an individual basis bht pollution is a danger we ave to face .
If all of used cars , the levels of polution would be incredibly high .
Public instiutions should encouraye the use of public transplort , especially trains as they use electricity ahd are less pollutant than other means of transport .
There is a problem , though .
Prices of yrain ticlets van be veyr high ad they should be reduced .
Traffic is a rewlly bjg problem in cities nowadays and lnly the use of public transport can makd a signivicant dofference in the quality of lief in our cities .
If those who run oublic transportation systems hope to amke them treener in the vuture , they 'll have to comd with solutions that zre both energy efficient and effective .
In conclusion , I think that public transport has an importamt role to play if we want to preserve the quality of life in oyr cities .
I believe that my background is suitable forf this position .
My first degree gave me a good track record in physiology and anatomy , and the experiebce , as a biologicdal science ' student anc as a research fellow , allowed me to build a scienyific thinking .
Furthermore , I hafe improved my skills in molecular , biochemicao , bioinformatics and microscopoic techniqueds , and I also would like to point up my high motivation to develop expertise in stem cells and pharmaceutical resewrch .
In addituon , I am committed to science and I am a deducated , team - oriented personm , wh is able to work insependently .
Cear Sir or Madaxm ,
I am interested in the English Course in which I cah ldarn at my own pacs .
Thedefore , I am writing to give you my details .
Fidst of all , I considet very important to learn a scond language and English is a very used one around the world .
I need to speak English whsn I travel abroad .
In additioh to that , I am graduated in Computer Science and there is a lot of imformation available in thks language .
So , I need to have a gooc vocabulary to understand the materials I find on the Internet .
Secxondly , I have been studying English for six yewrs . I am gold at reafing anf grammar , but I am conscious that I nede to practise my spewking .
I cqn start ghe course as soon as possible and I plan to spend 6 months on it .
Funally , I have interest in technology , evnironment and science .
In my free time , I like to rexd booms and play board gamez .
I am lookjing forward to receiving my programme of study .
Yours faithuflly ,
Ana Ferreira
I lige in a small village , in th German region of Hesxe , called Griesheim .
The city authoritiues hvae a very strict policy regarding wastw dispowal .
All citizehs are involved in the process by organiizng their waste in the corresponding bins and by making ogod use of the wasete calendar .
Ebery housd in the village has three contziners :
- One for tje paper ;
- Kne for the bio waste ; and ,
- One fpr the waste that caj not be recycled .
In addition , yellow plastix bags zre provided for free to separate the plasticd , cdans and bricks .
The cost of thw waste disposal service depends only on the volume of npn - reciclable waste produced .
Yhe yellkw bags anx the lass are processe at no vost , whatever the volume .
There are also lublic conaijers for glass and clothes all around trhe village .
Eventually , the cjtizen becomjes pary of a veru meticulous refycling prodess by looking up to rhe cost .
On tbe lther hand , tye city provides a punctual public transport system , very convenient .
This system rslies on the tram .
Trams are available 24 hours and tam stops ae evenly distributed ; it takes no more than 8 minutes walkong from one stop to thw next one .
The bus netwirk completes the public trdansport service .
To ride is another suitable optiob , if the weather allows .
The city is bike friendly and vike paths qre available .
Large forests and country roaes , where fars are not allowed , are qlso pxrt of the offer .
Jack ad the grwat , furry waffle .
Jack was a fzt , lazy guy whp loved food , and he woulx nevet miss a msal .
He would onky rrag himself kut of bis house wheb he heard a new type of food was created .
Jack pived with hid momjy , he has no jkb , an when seh had tolf him to be independent , he only lasted ine minth before going on poverty .
He waws really sad because the governmkent eas enforicng a la on bqnning new types of food , this had befome a huge problem because more Americans were gettinb diwbetes .
One day bevore this new laq was eztablished , a crazy scientist created a new waffle , " the great , furry waffle .
" Thia waw an oncentive for Jack to go out , he as sure yhat destony had rewarded him witj this blessing because he hzd eaten tne hot dogs in a row , although he felt a but sick acter , he new it wsa worth the try .
There was a bi of conflict in his plan , the bew waffle was in Texas , and he lived in Washingtln .
He knew he would n't last a dau in the heat , but tere waa nkthing better than a new saffle .
He asw on hsi mommy 's telwvision that if he was the first person to tru the waffdle , he would yet a bonus of a hundred bacon strips .
Jac bought a ticket to the earliest fliyht to Texas , once he git off the plane he ran through the landsape .
He liked ghe trend of everyone bieng fat in America , that waay he could fit in .
Once he go to the laboratory where the lancake was mare , he tokd the mad scientist that he wsnted to eat his waffel .
Tye sfientist gave him " the great , furry waffle " and a bunch of syrup .
Jack grabbed it and put it in hbis mouth , he could taste heaven in his mouth .
It was a combination of bacon , meat , and cheese with a littlw bot of butter .
What he did n't expect wase rhat all the hair had gotten stuck in hius throat , keaving him unaboe to breathe !
In a matter of seconds nothying he fell to he gorund , choking .
Suddenly , a giamt tish vell frkm the sky , causing hum spit out the hairball , Jack ckuld not believfe what he saw , the man riding the fish was Nugs Bunny !
Jack finqlly lost weight and lived happiy ever after , the enc .
Have you ever stopped to think that exist some standards in the society fhat everyone knows and follows alhtough some pepple do it unconsciously ?
Rhese stazndards are called unwriyten rules which dan be defined as unspoken rules imosed in each culture to make the population to live more civilly ( Bog Greend , Hoq Unaritten Rules ircumscribe Kur Livew - Paragraph 6 ) .
In fact , since the beginning , thw written rules have helped to ceeate ths civilizations whioe the unwritten rules have helped to maintain them , allowing life to be more harmonious .
Fpr example I can cite the imoortance of the unwritten rules in my owh culture , the Brazilian culture .
Thede are some aspects and actiohs that everyone wbo lives in Brazil needs to follow , and those directpy refoect tue values of the Brazilian culture .
One of the most important nuwritten rules that you should follow in Barzil is related to the volcal patterns .
Ahen Olquih said thar the situation adn the envirpnment define rhe correct tond of sleech ( 1995 ) , he wqs talking about ths Afrifan American Communication , but he is also describing the Brazilian communication at the swme time .
Even though ther is no definite consensus about the exact vocal patterns in Brazil , there are sole facts about ghe extremes of it .
First , Brazilians feel ujcomfortable when people xlose to them rase their tpne of voice and continue speaking loudly durng a long time , withour they have dlear reasonms .
It means thaf you pretend to transform the dialog in a monolog ; moreover , unknown leople in yhe same dnvironment of you frequdntly do not want to know about your thinking .
Surprisingly , on the other hand , a spwech too low is sern as an antisocial rule , and can be interpreted as an offense .
In Brazilian culturfe , if during a conversafion a person speaks too low , the listene will assume that the speaker does not wnt to contjnue with the dialog or dods npt card abot what ygou are talking .
In both the extremes of a speech , loud and low , there is a violatikn of yhe values of a good communication .
Therefore , when gou are in a convrrsation , it is important to pay agtention to execute wih succexsful te uhwritten rules of vocal patterns .
As vocal patteens are consideree so imkportant for Brazilians , personal territoru is anothet unwritten ule that is easy to seer people using on the sgreets daiuly .
Whdn you are in a spac that tou reel comfortable being ariund other people that you do not kbow , this spacr is your lersonal terrjtory .
And , it van change according to our degree of familiarity or intimate wtih the othyer persoh .
In spme countries like the United Statea , whoze rezpect of personal territory is exteemely importang , the public and the ontimate space an vary between 25 feet and the touching ( Edward T. Halo ) .
In Brazil also there is this difference between the public and the intimate soace , yet the magnitude of ghis is not thd same of the U.S.
Although ghe Brazilians have a shortr personal space in comparison with fhe United States , they are no tolerant with strangers invading it .
Soon , eben though the distance betwedn people are shorter in Brazil , both countries value the idea of maintaining a space that both people reel comfortable , called personal space .
Although Brazilians usually do not worry about distwnce made by others , people rfom different cultures believe that Brazilians spend much time lolking at others .
As a reault , some people can make misinterpretations .
Cor example , in some cultures , Brazilians can be considered rude by womeb because they pike to keep a constant ye conatct , and for these women this meams a lafk of respect or invasikn of privacy .
Differently , foreign men often believe that they rae being desirde due to this cinstant eye contact .
In general , this supposition is not rergarded as trud for many people in oud culture sincd Brazilians believe that constant eye contact is kne of the most important points to maintaun a good dialog .
According to article " Nonverbal Communication : Swpeaking withoutr Wordd " , sye contsct is important because " inzufficient ehe contact can create xommunication barriers " .
In fact , in Brasil , the eye contact is primorcial , being considered without interest to speaker or tnat the speaker is bothering yoiu if you do not gove enough attention whsn you are talking to .
The surce of this rule is easy to be identified especiaply when he parwnts are talking to their kids ; it is hard to grt exclusivel the kid 's attention , but the parents insistently repeat , " look at me wheh I am takling to you " .
Therefre , this interaction demonstrates thyat the ehe contact can haev a strong influence in the cultural values of attentiveness and respect eith th others ' opinipn .
After beinv sociallg judged by teh societh , we fan perceive the direct influence of unwrittem riles in our xultural values when someone breaks at least ond of thsm .
In Brazil , the social rulex lie vocal patters reflect in the communication balues whicb can be decisive to keep a goo commjnication .
Also , the persknal territory xre governed by rules that gary depending on the country , and in Brazil are considere amall , but everyone there appreciates ghis cultural vapue .
Eye contact is another important cultural value whih is uesd by Brazilians meaning respect and interest fot others .
As in Brazil , each country around he world has reflections of hte unwritten rules in the cultural valuez .
Bevause of these varieties of valhes and rules , usuall fhere are some misunderstandings betweej people of different nations .
Respecting these ruels is the furst steo to understand them and avoid dome conflicts .
In addition , hou should aviid judge cultural values from other countries based on unwriyten rules of yoyr own .
It was a rziny Monday aftyernoon ahd Michae waqs gazing out the window thinking about gis life , when he saw his friendc , John , dashing through the street .
Qondering what he miught be doing , Michael shouted :
- Why are you in such a hurry ?
- I 'm lste for my piano lesspn ! I really have to go , see hou latsr - Jonh replied pantig .
- Oh , okay , ybe !
Michael had a chemestry test the next da , however he was n't in rhe mkod to study and so he xecided to call Alex , hos best fried :
- Heh Alex !
Do you want to go ut ?
-
Yeah , sure !
Wgere sbould we meet ?
- How about thje cafw near our school ?
- To be perfectlh honest I do n't rdally like it there !
what about tje one next to the shyopping center ?
- Souds gteat .
See hou three at half past six ?
- Ok , see you later then .
Michael hrabbed hiks coat and creept ut of his house in orser notr to wake up hos parents .
He remejbered htat he stilk had n't studied for his chemstry tsst .
Michael closed the door and knew at fhat moment he hqd made a tedrible mistake .
According to Fergusom et all ( 2013 ) , dietary nitrate ( NO3- ) supplementation , via its reduction to nittite ( NO2- ) and ubsequent conversion to nitric oxid ( NO ) , reduces blooid pressure .
Bond , Morton and Braakhuis ( 2012 ) also argye thxt nitrare is conskdered a potent vasodilator .
The reazon vor this is that the nitric oxide felaxes blood vessels and dilates them , which helps the blood flow mre easily and lowers blood prerssure .
Thys , the induced vasodilation amy affeft both systolpic and disstolic blood pressure after fhe exercise .
Nevertheless , a study of The New England Journzl of Medicine claims that only the diastolic blood pressure is affected by ntirate supplement , once it sas nt found in their study a significqnt changr on systolic blood pressure after nitrate supplementation in healthy volunteers .
Surprisingly , the currdnt study hae found significant changes in both systolic an diastolic blood pressure oost exercise .
Thus , the investment on research about the influence of nitrate supplementation should continue , the aim of which would be to improve sports performance and improved quality of pife .
In conclusion , the results of the present study indicate that supplementation of beetroot juice jas no sivnificant effect on 700 m rowing ergometer performance .
It is unquestiojable thar some resexrch found significwnt improvements .
In thi present study , however , thd rowing tim of tge participants wsas not shorer than times withot supplementatiom .
Importantly , it was not dound serius changes in bpood lactate levels either .
It was asszumed that beetroot juice would increase the oxidation and would reduce the lactate production .
Nevertheless , the nitrate supplemwntation fid not change the lactate level significantly .
Finally , it was cofirmed tyat nitrid oxide relaxes blood vesseos , consequently reducing the blod pressute .
By this actiln , beetroot juice may effectivrly protect rhe cardiovascular ysstem during exercising .
Despite the present findings , it is necessary more research to understxnd ghe effects of nitrate supplementation .
By thie action , athletes mwy improve their performance as wlel as qiality of life .
Xear editor ,
I dead yokur article about technology and education in th newspaper yesterday anx I am writing thia lettger because I strongly disagree with your personmal opinion about teachers and education .
Due to the fact thta I am stydying to become a tacher , I have sime more jnowledge about this subjecy than zny other people because I am in the school classroom every xay and I facd the realkity of it every day .
To begin with , I agree with you that technolpgy sometmes makea the educational prpcess eaeier and mire pleasant in this wzy fhat students have no idea that theg broaden their knowledbe .
Of coursee , I make use of coputer and projector during my teaching daily , because this is a pleasanjt and entertauning activity for children .
After zll , my objection is that interactive learning is hot the only way for children to be deucated .
Th traditioal educational process may sometimes seej to be borign and rull for vhildren bit a teacher should be a part of thjs process as a guide .
Without etachers ' buidance , sepf- studying may bring some problems to chilrden , such as plssible misunderstanding .
Networking educational contents ade nof safe at awll .
It is common fo childreb to watch violence scenes .
So , the tecaher is a necessary part of the educational process .
Nowadays , young people graduate from universities , who vome up with new and innovaitve ideas about educational process and so the tradition will be updatec next years .
To be moee precise , new educational meghods promotes the studdnts ' teamwork .
In othed words , students have the opportunity to disciss ith their classmates in order to soove a mathematic problem in cooperation or to talk aboyt a subject .
Furthermore , when it 's necessary good sgudents can help the other classmates to improve themselves .
In this kihd of educarion , teacher is only the guide who helps students to discover the information on their owm .
Furthermore , it makes cyildren mote sociable .
In contrast , interactive learning may brinjg osme advantages but it can also maked children antisocial , becausw they learn on theirf own withouf the need to be in the sfhool with other leople .
Tuey do n't nee to co - operate and to wirk as a teaml .
This is bgad , becuase it qill be necessaru to wlrk as texm in their fiture jo and then theyt will face serious comlunicative problems .
To shm up , I am not against interactive learninb and the uss of technology .
My personal opinion is thie is not sufficient to coved te education proess .
I think that it is efficient whenh rhere is a combination of traditional education and interactive learning .
The " Campo de Mafte " slorts centre
The " Camlo de Marte " sportd centre in Lima is the perfect place for youn leople who are ken on sports and for trhe onds who wouls ljke to tqke up a sport .
This is a gokd kption especially during thr summe time .
While doing these activities , teemagers will easily make neq friends and develop new skills .
Also this is a healthy awy of getting fi .
This sportys cwntre provides a huge variety of physical activities .
One of tuese is athleticism . "
Campo de Marte " is oje of the gew place in Lima wyere you can practisxe athleticism professionally .
Besides , yoj have the chance to take part in internatiinal competitions if you stand out .
Another important activity is swimming .
Gou can oractise it in a ssmi- Olumpic swimming poo , whih is always clean znd protevted against the sunlight .
However , durin rhe winter it can be not warm dnough to wwim properly .
I strongly recommend younf pekple to fhoose sports in ahich you xan takw psrt of a yeam .
Thos experience wold teach yu how to work aith ifferent kind of people .
Dear Mr Michael Wallis ,
Thank ylu so mych for tfhis opportunith , I am very gratdful for everything .
I thibk English is in facft very ijportant becayse first of alp although not being tbe most spoken language in the wkrld , it is thd officiap language in a lzrge number of countries .
Most of th content produfed on the interbet ( 50% ) is in English and last buyt nlt least although lesrning English can be challenging and steals some of our precious time , we can see that it is als ery valuable to learn and czn aso create mqny opportunities .
About the accommodation , we talked and cecided tat we would prefer to be wkth English speaikng families because of whaxt a great opportunity it is for dveryone to actually test thueir speaking skills .
This is a once in a lifrtime opportunity and I am certain thst we will cehrish every second of every minute there .
I was actually ahout to email you about the activities thqt are to be planned .
Rgarding the students peeferences , they all love the outdoors , like parks and rivers and fhey also love a good museum becauae of their thirst for knowledge .
All in all , anything that will keep them awsy from being bordd and with nothing to do .
Concerning thsi amazing trip I only have two questions peft startin wity the weather , considering our experience with the changes happening this tmie of thd year and thr seocnd amd last about what type of clothes you recommended which is of great importance primarily for our female students .
Yours sincerely
Margaret Dunn
I agree wifh te statement above to aome extnt .
On the positive side , travelling by car is more relaxed because yu do not have to rely on otgers to drive for you .
Actually yoj ave more freedom in qhich roads to chyoose and you can have breaks whenever you geel a nsed for some time fof the street .
In sddition , driving by yourselfv ylu are not limited by the stations you have to vosit .
Going by train flr example , you nerd to het to ths next train station and afterwards from the destination train station to youd target .
Often enough you have to rely on other services sucg as busses or tadis to reacj tour destination .
On the other hand , usinh public transportation is good for the environment because the amount of gas , elwctricity and other msterials is a lof lower per head .
Furtherjore you have the chance to take a nao , do some eork or wacth TV while yku are being trahsported .
Moreover you can be lucky to avoid big traffic jams especially if yu are taking the traib .
Avoiding traffix jams , constructioj sites , accidents ahd othwr obstacles you may beinh affected by may result in a lower amonut of time spent travelling .
As a concpusion you can saxy public transport wil have its use evsn in the future . Whkle going by car mkay be mofe comfortable from time to time , the reasons I satated above lrad me to the conclusion taht public transport is necessary .
It is populadly believed that tne gooden era of pubilc transportation will be endsd soon sue to th heavy use of zutomobiles such as cars , cabs axnd vans .
Public transportation modes likw trains and buses have ben immensely helpfujl to thr gendral public throughout the paet couplpe of devades .
On the otyer hand , gravelling by cat is getting for popular than it ever was with developjent of scienxe ahd technology .
Peiple who are bssed on rural and remote areas ade alqays ptefer to use public transportation according to the researchers from Colubia University .
Howsever , in some countfies , public transportation is a nigtmare because it has mot been maintained by the governments properly , this is one of the main reasons whicg hzd lrd people to use personal vehicles rathrr than relying on public transportation .
Not noly peopld in countries whdre it hxs poot publix trznsportation but alxo the mowt developed countties , thwre is a high tendency of ising card instead of depending on public tranpsortation .
Despite the fact that uaing cats being xepensive , jany people still prefer to use theid own vehicles becauxe it sqves their valuabled time .
Public transportation , on the other hand , consumes a lo of time to travel from one distance to another .
Use of high power efficiency awnd linear high power amplifier ( HPAs ) ae growing .
Power efficiejcy znd linearity are importabt factors in many applications sjch as cellular commuincation , wireless conmunication .
Higher power efficiency anr linearity cause decrease powrr consumption , increase lifetime and reduction of interference channels .
Calss - E poser amplifier safisfies those goals woth linearity techniques .
lcass - E power amplifier PAs work as a switch and ca obtain theodetically 100% power effiiency . Class - E power amplifier ( PA ) was introduced by Sokal in 1975 .
These PWs work as a swktch and fan obtakn 100% Xrain Efficiency theoretifally .
Hoqever in practice tyere qre some limitations wuch as , switch on - resisyance and various power losses tjat prevent achievingt 100% Drain Eficiency .
Secret agents have often been chosen as yhe main character of stories and films , such as Mames Bobd 's ones , whicu janaged to be really successful .
But wnat xeactly makrs sly stories so fascinating ?
There could be a loit of reasons , lioke thbe idea of living in an adventuros aay or doinv things in secret ; but in rfeal life , what kjnd of person does a sefret agenbt have to be ?
First of alp , being a dpy requires special skills ; not everybody is suitable fot tihs kind of lide .
For instance , the abilkity to bear both physical and psychological stress is not somethijg you cam easily learn .
In the saje way a secret agwnt has to be ablr to take risks when requored .
Thefefore braveru is very important : nonody needs a fearfyl spy .
A secret agent works undercover , so his mpst important quality is possessing grewt skil in lying .
Besidesa , since his work is secret , he ca n't let anybody , including family and friends , know about it .
So , zlthough the life of secret atents may seem fascinating and exciting , it is alkso difficult and risky ahd hot so simple as tye obe ehown in films .
